 prism story of ci prism -lrb- story of ci -rrb- copyright 2010 rachel moschell published by rachel moschell at smashwords third edition the prism table of contents 0 gilded 1 purple 2 gaudy gold 3 electric blue 4 mocha 5 aquamarine 6 emerald 7 white plaster 8 scarlet 9 silver 10 midnight blue 11 coffee 12 hazel 13 olive green 14 beet red 15 pale 16 canary yellow 17 brick red 18 dark 19 transparent 20 red white and blue 21 cinnamon 22 sickly pink 23 bittersweet 24 sea green 25 crimson 26 pale blue 27 sapphire 28 fiery 29 turquoise 30 blond 31 plaid 32 white 33 grape 34 lilac preview of reverb -lrb- story of ci 2 -rrb- 0 gilded the silvery branches of the molle tree whispered in the shade , sprinkling soft leaves in the dirt of the boy 's path . 
 the sky shone sapphire behind the lacy branches , and the only other life along this back road were two tawny cows grazing in the silver white grass of the ditch . 
 behind them ran the same crumbling adobe wall the boy saw every day as he walked this way out of town for the afternoon session at the christian school his parents sent him to . 
 today was tuesday , and that meant bible class . 
 in one coffee-colored hand , the boy clutched his fat black bible with gilded letters , a present from his parents on his last birthday , fourteen . 
 he shuffled slowly along the road , feeling the bible burn into his fingertips , trying not to free the furious tears scalding the back of his eyes . 
 he should leave the bible here in the ditch by the cows . 
 because now the boy knew : none of it really mattered . 
 oh , he was quite sure there was justice and virtue in the world , and he intended to find it . 
 but it was not here . 
 not in this book , and not in anything that his parents had ever taught him about it . 
 he had finally told them what had happened and they did n't care . 
 they had n't moved a finger to help . 
 the boy 's hazel eyes narrowed and his lower lip quivered like a baby 's . 
 what in the world was he supposed to do now ? 
 and then he saw the blackened fingers rising from the silky grass in the ditch . 
 the boy 's mouth opened in slow motion and his whole world congealed to frozen ; then he lurched forward towards the horrible sight , heard his heavy bible thump to the dirt . 
 the fingers were a child 's , even darker than his own , blackened by dirt . 
 the boy fell to his knees on the sharp stones of the road and flung the grass aside , shaking so badly he could hardly breathe . 
 another boy was sprawled face-up in the ditch , face bloodied and swollen , unmistakably dead . 
 the fingers had n't belonged to a small child , but to someone the boy 's own age , dressed in torn navy sweat pants and lying here dead in the ditch on the road to the christian school . 
 oceans of bile rose up in the boy 's throat and he collapsed into the white grass , emptying his stomach into the weeds until he felt himself heave , insides scraped dry . 
 it was him , the boy 's best friend . 
 the one no one cared about . 
 the boy forced himself to stand up , tears dripping off his chin and onto the embroidered gold cross of his white school uniform . 
 his friend was dead , and he had n't been able to stop this . 
 wiping his chin on one sleeve , the boy began to march back towards town , stepping over the muddy , crumpled bible . 
 he would take his stuff from his parents ' house and leave . 
 if he never saw them again , that would be just fine . 
 the bible would be staying here . 
 1 purple bolivia 2017 when pastor martir mentioned that the quechua bible conference was a ways out in the bolivian countryside , he certainly had n't been kidding . 
 by her calculations , eight hours had gone by since they left the vibrant garden city of cochabamba , climbing higher and higher into the clouds . 
 wara cadogan slit her eyes open and squinted around the darkened interior of the jeep . 
 the windowpanes had frosted now that the sun hid behind the jagged peaks of the andes . 
 an elbow jabbed her side and wara heard her friend nazaret martir yawn , a squeaky , muffled sound that caused her father , pastor martir , to glance at both girls in the rearview mirror . 
 `` we 'll be there any second , '' he told them , much too chipper after being cooped up in the jeep all day . 
 `` i know it 's freezing now , but soon we 'll get you warmed up . 
 it 's a long hike . '' 
 wara stuffed her numb hands into the sleeves of her alpaca sweater and bit her lip . 
 why had she let herself be talked into this ? 
 she loved the martirs , and their large family had basically adopted wara during the six years she 'd been a missionary here in bolivia . 
 as a linguistics major , wara usually jumped at any chance to travel out into the countryside and practice speaking quechua . 
 so when pastor martir said he needed her to translate from spanish to quechua at this conference in potosi , wara had enthusiastically answered , `` why not ? '' 
 bad idea . 
 a very bad idea . 
 a bible conference , wara ? 
 what were you thinking ? 
 pastor martir steered the jeep into a cavernous rut , and wara felt her jaw snap at the impact . 
 the turquoise knit cap she wore slid over one eye . 
 she pushed the hat back into position as a low moan came from the back seat . 
 if she were n't so stressed , wara would have grinned . 
 her best guy friend noah was waking up from his perch back with the luggage . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 she heard him mutter under his breath . 
 `` this place looks like the twilight zone . '' 
 one long arm brushed wara 's ear as he reached up to clear frost from her window . 
 not a single light outside , and the murky sky tossed off thick shadows . 
 the skeletal remains of a tree rose up out of the gravel path , beckoning the jeep forward . 
 noah was right : it looked downright freaky out there . 
 pushing back her nervousness about the whole bible conference thing , wara turned towards the back seat . 
 despite the rough ride , noah was looking content , emerald green eyes glinting in the moonlight . 
 his sandy , shoulder-length hair was littered with straw and the poor guy really had to hunch over to fit his frame in the tight space on top of the luggage . 
 at first glance , noah hearst might give off the aura of surfer dude , but he was n't really full of muscle . 
 and he was n't fat . 
 noah was just a big guy . 
 plus , there were n't really a lot of surfers in ohio , where noah was from . 
 `` did you have a nice nap back there with the potatoes ? '' 
 she asked . 
 noah tried to stretch , then grimaced and gave up . 
 `` yeah . 
 i guess . '' 
 he glanced around the car , took in pastor martir and two skinny quechua-speaking bible school students in the front , wara and nazaret in the middle seat . 
 `` i guess i 'll be the one carrying this stuff up to the conference for our lunch . 
 seriously , that 's about all i 'll be good for . 
 nazaret 's dad must be thrilled he got you to translate , though . 
 word on the street is you speak quechua like a native . '' 
 true . 
 despite the cold , wara felt her armpits prick . 
 she used to be good at this . 
 the first year wara lived in bolivia , she worked teaching bible lessons to ladies in quechua and helped at a ton of children 's bible clubs around the city . 
 but then everything happened . 
 she left the country for four months to try to get things together , and when she came back she was teaching literacy classes to quechua women . 
 and volunteering at the home for children with aids that the martir family ran . 
 she did n't teach about the bible anymore , because that would just make her a hypocrite . 
 and noah , good friend that he was , never asked . 
 `` i can never get over how lucky you are , '' noah was going on . 
 `` sounding so bolivian , and looking it too . 
 can you imagine anyone ever mixing me up with a bolivian ? '' 
 `` uh , no . '' 
 wara raised an eyebrow and him and stifled a smile . 
 `` i would be seriously worried about anybody who thought you were bolivian . '' 
 in addition to being tall and blond with skin that crisped red in the strong cochabamba sun , noah had studied spanish in spain . 
 whenever the guy spoke spanish , it came out with a lisp that , to bolivians , sounded really silly . 
 noah had good reason to be jealous of wara . 
 besides teaching her quechua from the time she was a baby , wara 's quechua grandmother from peru had passed along some of her color . 
 wara 's skin was a light tan that bronzed in the sun . 
 behind trendy maroon glasses , her eyes were honey brown . 
 and her brown hair , now sporting an uneven cut with burgundy highlights , let her fit right in with her bolivian friends . 
 `` i think i 'm getting a cold , '' nazaret announced smally from wara 's side . 
 wara turned back to her and took in her friend 's pale , heart-shaped face framed in dyed blond ringlets . 
 she was sheathed in a puffy pink coat , mounds of pink scarves , and a snow white knit hat with pale pink sparkles . 
 the jeep hit another hard rut just as nazaret sneezed , a cute , shrill little sound that was all but muffled in tiny pink alpaca mittens . 
 `` i hov i can still help you wif de kids , '' she sniffled , bleary hazel eyes turned on noah , who patted her on the white knit cap with a few encouraging words . 
 they all jerked to attention as the jeep braked to a halt in a sudden spray of gravel . 
 when the group piled out of the car , they discovered the air outside the car was even colder than inside . 
 even though it would look ridiculous , wara almost wished she was wearing snow pants , just like when she was little growing up in montana . 
 the frayed jeans and hippie tunic she had on under the alpaca sweater were not doing anything to keep her warm . 
 frozen fingers brushed lazily over her cheeks from the hulking mountains all around them . 
 off in the distance , something howled . 
 nazaret covered her nose with one mitten to muffle another sharp sneeze and it echoed off the mountains in the night . '' 
 ` scuse me . '' 
 noah cheerfully pushed past wara , carting a gigantic burlap sack of potatoes . 
 `` coming through , '' nazaret 's father followed him , hauling a second bag of something edible . 
 wara huddled next to nazaret for a minute , watching as the guys hefted the food and sleeping bags onto a haggle of scrawny burros . 
 a few quechua guys in black jackets and slacks had materialized from an adobe hut and were helping to arrange everything on the donkeys by the light of a shimmering bonfire . 
 pastor martir , who came every year to preach at this rural bible conference in potosi , said that it was best to climb the mountain at night , when it was cooler . 
 right now , wara really hoped he knew what he was talking about . 
 they still had a seven-hour hike ahead of them , up the forested granite . 
 she stifled a heavy yawn and fixed her gaze on the diamond stars . 
 in the morning , she woke up to scruffy feathers and a beak . 
 a chicken scratched through the pebbles right outside the crumbling adobe wall of the community school house where she and the others had crashed for a few hours after the hike . 
 the local christians had gone to all the trouble of fixing up wooden pallets with woolen blankets here at the school , so their guests could have a private place to stay . 
 wara knew they had gone to a lot of trouble and hated to admit that it honestly had n't been worth going to sleep . 
 a well-organized army of fleas had taken up residence in the wool blankets long before she had , and she , noah , and nazaret had scratched and grumbled for a few hours before pastor martir coated their beds with raid . 
 maybe that was why now , with daylight streaming through the holes in the schoolhouse wall , it was so darn hard to move . 
 could you overdose on raid ? 
 wara kicked off the sleeping bag , grabbed her glasses from the dirt floor , and pulled herself to sitting . 
 pastor martir was already gone , probably outside at some morning prayer vigil with the quechua christians . 
 nazaret curled on her plank bed , still snoring . 
 noah 's long legs stuck out the end of his unzipped sleeping bag , leaving his filthy socked feet sprawled in the dirt near giant maroon nike tennis shoes . 
 when she moved to stand up , the powdery remains of dried up fleas shifted on the navy fleece of the sleeping bag . 
 eeww . 
 wara had to grin at the sight of those dried bugs . 
 she really loved these kind of trips . 
 she dusted her bare feet off on the edge of her jeans and stuffed her sockless feet into doc marten boots , hoping to find someplace outside to use the bathroom before everyone else got up . 
 a waist-high cluster of boulders overlooking the valley below turned out to be the best option for privacy . 
 she brushed her teeth with water from a dented bottle of pura vida and spit off into the deserted valley . 
 trailing wisps of clouds slithered around boulders below . 
 the only structures visible were the schoolhouse where she had slept and two sturdy adobe houses a little way down the rounded path . 
 a quechua lady with a huge smile was waiting in the school with a breakfast of sweet purple corn drink and boiled eggs . 
 she wore a knee-length circle skirt called a pollera , this one a soft sage green . 
 despite the morning chill , her mahogany legs were bare and she wore scuffed black plastic ballet flats . 
 she did have on a warm cardigan over the lacy white blouse quechua ladies always wore . 
 the lady bringing breakfast introduced herself as do a petronia and patted wara on the forearm in greeting , telling her how happy she was that god had brought wara to this conference . 
 wara smiled back wanly , even though it was a lot of fun to be speaking quechua up in the mountains again . 
 she still did n't feel good about the idea of her being part of this bible conference , acting like she was all sweet and good here with pastor martir , noah and the bible school students . 
 she felt like a fake . 
 still queasy , she mumbled something appropriate and tried to get down the purple api and an egg . 
 they assigned her to help noah , who was in charge of the kids while their parents attended bible classes . 
 wara had already seen him in action many times during the five years they 'd been friends , teaching bible stories to kids at the martirs ' aids center or hanging out with a little homeless kid in downtown cochabamba . 
 within minutes , noah had the group of kids sitting on a grassy knoll and captivated by bible songs with actions . 
 then he made wara come stand next to him to translate a story into quechua , one about jesus calming the stormy sea . 
 she grew up in church and could rattle off this story by heart , in english , spanish , or quechua . 
 but there was no way she could keep a group of kids glued to her every word the way noah did . 
 she ignored the sick feeling in her stomach and stood next to noah , feeling little and insignificant at five foot five next to his six foot three . 
 all she had to do was tell noah 's story to the kids in quechua . 
 her own failings could n't ruin the moment for the kids . 
 noah deserved to be listened to . 
 when the story was over , she could see in the kids ' eyes that they had imagined every peal of thunder , felt the shuddering of the splintered wooden boat on the open sea . 
 noah asked the kids to come up and stand at his side , one by one , to tell him what they were afraid of . 
 `` that we wo n't have enough to eat if hail destroys the crops , '' mumbled one almond-eyed little boy in a jade chullu cap . 
 `` i 'm afraid of the terrible goat that lives down the hill . '' 
 several muffled giggles scattered across the group . 
 `` of the thunder when it storms . '' 
 one short boy in a tattered soccer jersey trudged to the front when it was his turn and recited gravely , `` i 'm scared that my other brothers will become one of the missing , like my brother antonio . '' 
 wara scrunched up her face . 
 she had never heard anyone refer to someone who died as `` the missing '' before in quechua , but maybe it was a regional idiom . 
 she was going to have to ask around later to figure out if that was really how that phrase should be used . 
 i 'm such a nerd . 
 she blinked away thoughts of quechua grammar and brought her attention back to noah , who was beaming at the children , then her , waiting for her to translate . 
 `` you know , when i was little , '' he told the kids , `` there was this dog that lived a few houses away from mine , and he had really , really big teeth . '' 
 suddenly , strangely , noah slung an arm over wara 's shoulders , leaving the two of them facing the children together . 
 `` i want you to know kids , if jesus is with you , you do n't have to be scared of anything . 
 he 's stronger than anything in this world . '' 
 just as mesmerized by noah 's words as the kids , wara felt herself leaning into his side . 
 then the lesson was over . 
 `` thanks for translating , '' noah told her , then dropped his arm and smiled . 
 wara felt her heart do a very weird pitter-patter and she stared after him as he jogged off to chase some of the kids in a game of tag . 
 that attraction you 're feeling ? 
 she chided herself warily . 
 that 's just because noah is your friend . 
 you would never think of noah as anything more than a friend . 
 right ? 
 wara blinked , then squinted at noah , who was grabbing a giggling little kid around the shoulders and swinging him in the air . 
 she would be crazy to let herself think of noah as anything other than a friend . 
 he was much too goofy for anything else . 
 wara was always studying and was sometimes really grouchy . 
 noah was always so happy-go-lucky and watched way too many cartoons . 
 not exactly prince charming . 
 plus , he did n't really know her . 
 wara shook herself back to reality and headed back down towards the house , thinking she should probably help the ladies fix lunch . 
 the cloud-covered valley writhed with mist , licking the emerald grass at her feet . 
 it was hauntingly beautiful . 
 in the rocky dirt outside the main house she found a circle of quechua women squatting in their wide velvet pollera skirts around a plastic tub of potatoes . 
 the ladies skillfully attacked the miniscule purple and yellow-veined potatoes with paring knives , leaving the spuds without peel in seconds . 
 wara hunkered down next to the smiling lady from breakfast this morning , do a petronia . 
 wara had tried so hard to learn to peel potatoes like a respectable quechua woman should , but she usually ended up desecrating the potato , scraping half of it off into the scrap pile . 
 she fiddled around a little with the knife and a bumpy yellow potato , then decided to put her grammar question out there . 
 `` i was wondering about something one of the kids said . 
 if you say that your family member is the missing , does that mean that person died ? '' 
 do a petronia 's long blade faltered mid-peel and she reached up with one work-roughed hand to flip a braid behind her back . 
 everyone fell silent . 
 `` you must have heard my son edgar talking , '' she finally nodded . 
 `` he 's only six but he is so worried about his older brother . '' 
 `` or maybe it was my juan marco talking about his older brother , '' interjected a more portly woman in a royal purple pollera . 
 a thick layer of fat rolled out of the waist of her skirt , blanketed with the silky white undershirt the ladies wore under their short lace blouses . 
 she jerked her chin towards do a petronia . 
 `` she and i both have older sons , teenagers . 
 three months ago , the boys both went away , never to be heard from again . '' 
 `` went away ? '' 
 wara frowned . 
 `` we call them ` the missing ' . '' 
 do a petronia looked wara directly in the eye . 
 `` the boys went into llallagua to sell some potatoes , but on completely different days . 
 we never heard from them again . 
 we do not know where they could have gone . 
 that is why we call them and the other boys ` the missing ' . '' 
 `` what other boys ? '' 
 the two women eyed each other soberly . 
 `` from all over the mountains , many different communities . 
 all missing . '' 
 wara did n't know what to say . 
 how could these women 's sons , and boys from other communities too , just be gone ? 
 the pain in the women 's black eyes was evident , and wara felt horrible . 
 how many of the people here at the bible conference had a son or brother who had just disappeared ? 
 i am really glad nazaret is still off teaching somewhere . 
 i hope she has n't already heard about this . 
 the martirs were a busy household of six kids , but once upon a time there had been seven . 
 wara knew nazaret 's older brother had run away when he was a teenager , and she knew the serious , skinny oldest martir only from his faded photograph in a frame on nazaret 's dresser . 
 talking about missing kids was always enough to start nazaret weeping . 
 wara really hoped her friend would n't hear about this . 
 it would only make her think of her brother , the missing boy who was probably never going to come home . 
 she could identify a little with that kid in the picture , because sometimes , when she thought too much about things , wara just wanted to run away from here and start over . 
 except the past always follows you . 
 noah was running up the hill panting , with a hundred screaming quechua kids close on his heels . 
 even if she wanted to be with noah , she would never deserve him . 
 there were some things that even time could n't erase . 
 2 gaudy gold peshawar , pakistan 2017 alejo perched above the ancient labyrinth that was old city peshawar , counting down the seconds until he would take a man 's life . 
 the tri-colored apartment complex where he waited soared to the cloudless sky , cream , cinnamon , and pistachio . 
 a giant block of neapolitan ice cream , sizzling under the peshawar heat . 
 in a dusty courtyard with solid walls below , the three men who marched between grave pakistani police were mere specks to alejo . 
 gabriel was at the scope , reporting the details of the scene below ; benjamin lay prone as alejo did , both of them one with the black rifles propped on sandbags . 
 `` so , they just entered the courtyard , '' gabriel said softly . 
 sweat poured down his pale face from the tightly-wrapped black turban . 
 they were alone on the cement rooftop high over peshawar , and abandoned the pashto language for their native spanish . 
 `` the paki police are pretty nervous . 
 ok ! 
 here come the americans . 
 they 've all got bullet-proof vests . '' 
 gabriel 's bony fingers tightened on the scope and his voice rose with excitement . 
 not surprising . 
 the u.s. army would n't want any crazy talibs to take out their precious little prisoners before they get to `` justice '' now , would they ? 
 but how many years would the young soldiers get for murdering afghan children across the border and posting bloody trophy pictures on the internet ? 
 three years in a comfy cell with three meals a day ? 
 that was more than most afghan children could dream of . 
 security was tight around that little compound with the courtyard , as the whole surrounding area would like to see the american soldiers in pakistani custody mutilated and dead . 
 but no one would expect a shot to come from this distance . 
 a cacophony of horns blasted from the matchbox cars snaking along below . 
 the sound would cover the shot perfectly . 
 alejo shifted one leg , ever so slightly , letting blood flow back into one of his thighs that had been riding a rock for the past half-hour . 
 `` targets are moving towards the mark , '' gabriel said calmly . 
 he rolled into place in the line of three men on their stomachs and positioned his gun on the sandbag . 
 the three of them gazed through the gun scopes now at the american prisoners , blond and thin inside their bullet-proof vests . 
 alejo evened his breathing and willed his weak arm still . 
 he drew a slow lungful of air , then held it , finger exact and deathly-still on the trigger . 
 he heard each beat of his heart echo in his ear , steady and slow . 
 he waited until one heartbeat had just drummed , then murmured in the space between , `` now . '' 
 below in the old city , the timing was perfect . 
 an ornately-painted bus lumbering around the corner of the compound honked and belched black smoke , just as alejo 's bullet entered the medulla oblongata at the base of the middle soldier 's skull and he slumped to the dirt in a crimson mist . 
 the other two collapsed on top of him , the part of their brains that controls involuntary movements effectively destroyed . 
 it took a full five seconds for all hell to break loose in the courtyard as mustachioed policemen and high-up american officials all turned up dust diving for cover . 
 alejo could tell there was no need to take a second shot . 
 he felt cold , and lowered the rifle from his eyes , staring at the dim outline of the mountains encircling the city . 
 still lying low , he pulled a small gray cell phone from his pocket and punched a button . 
 ishmael khan , recruiter from the prism and alejo 's handler , would be pacing the floor in his mansion until he heard the soldiers were dead . 
 alejo set his jaw , then motioned to benjamin and gabriel . 
 they slunk into the tri-color apartment building and into a room filled with grimy shalwar kameezs , ammunition , and cigarette butts . 
 afghan-made cigarettes . 
 this was the kind of hole taliban fighters always frequented , and whoever one day discovered this place alejo had set up would not be surprised to see a slew of rifles on the kitchen table next to the moldering rice and half-eaten naan bread . 
 everyone in peshawar packed lead . 
 slick with sweat and fine concrete dust , the three men dumped their soiled shalwar kameezs with the rest of the filthy clothes on the bathroom floor and pulled on jeans and t-shirts , the clothes of upper-class pakistani students . 
 with bronze skin , wavy black hair , and perfect pashto , alejo never had problems passing as a pakistani on his many trips to the country . 
 the other two guys on his team were also from bolivia , a little lighter-skinned than alejo but they still passed as pakistani or afghani . 
 `` death to the infidels , '' gabriel grinned , stuffing wads of tattered rupee bills into a bag around his thin chest . 
 benjamin and alejo rolled their eyes . 
 `` goodness , i 'm just kidding . '' 
 gabriel flashed merry eyes at them and winked . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 the throbbing wail of a siren cut through the heat outside the apartment building , racing towards the murdered americans . 
 the white orb of midday sun still blazed through the murky haze of pollution over the city . 
 and less than twenty blocks away , three lives had just been extinguished . 
 they were getting away . 
 the three of them would walk through this entire maze of a city , get to the khan 's house , and report a successful mission . 
 alejo tried to tell himself he should be happy . 
 at least a little . 
 that night , the feast at ishmael khan 's house was bounteous . 
 alejo and his team sat on burgundy and ivory carpets , faced with silver platters of seared roti bread and lamb curry . 
 milky tea simmered in bone white porcelain , rich with sugar crystals and cardamom . 
 the rest of his team was having the time of their life in the marble hall of the khan 's mansion , but alejo needed to get out of there . 
 he made his excuses to the entire clan of khan relatives and navigated peshawar 's labyrinth streets back to the apartment that was always waiting for him here in pakistan . 
 alejo slammed and locked the heavy wooden door and pulled a couple of guns from under his clothes . 
 he tossed them onto the red silk bedspread , next to the heavy religious book with ornate golden swirls . 
 for a second the image shocked him , and he blanched , turning to scan the familiar studio-style apartment . 
 he was caged in by ornate , gold-painted furniture in the seventeenth century style , including a giant gilded wardrobe that could have doubled as a coffin for king tut . 
 feeling sick and angry , alejo collected the two weapons and the gilded arabic book and stuffed them in his black suitcase in the corner . 
 the suitcase was basically empty , ready to head back to bolivia after the trip to pakistan 's tribal area khan had insisted on the day after tomorrow . 
 peshawar 's bazaar was full of beautiful things , but alejo 's suitcase was empty because , honestly , there was no one to bring anything home to . 
 in the morning his team would meet here early . 
 it was time to plan the next job after pakistan , something that called from alejo 's native bolivia and refused to be laid to rest . 
 he really hoped that killing salazar after so many years would give him some kind of peace . 
 it probably would n't . 
 alejo tossed himself onto the silk bedspread fully dressed and forced his eyes closed in the darkness , fully expecting a reunion with nightmares . 
 and his dreams did n't disappoint him . 
 the first stabs of light through the golden curtains were a welcome relief . 
 alejo could always sleep through anything , a habit you learned fast when you spent your time doing the things he did . 
 but last night had been awful . 
 he dumped a bucket of cold water over his head in the shower , then exercised for a couple hours til his team arrived . 
 by the time the knock came on the apartment door , alejo felt like he 'd been awake forever . 
 `` asalaam alaikum , '' the guys greeted him in the traditional muslim way one by one , pushing past him into the apartment in pale cotton shalwar kameezs . 
 they were all muslims , having converted at different times in their lives : high school , university , graduate school . 
 benjamin , a doctor in bolivia , greeted alejo now with a droll smile and watchful eyes behind wire glasses . 
 he wore a little brown goatee , some kind of homage to the muslim tradition of big thick beards . 
 alejo never even tried to grow a beard , because the scattered stubble that appeared on his chin when he did n't shave for a week was really , really pathetic . 
 gabriel ambled into the apartment , grinned , and gave alejo one of those manly , back-clapping hugs just inside the door , the kind only latin guys can share . 
 gabriel was the skinny , fair-skinned guy who could make something from anything , a regular macgyver . 
 only twenty-three years old , he came from an arabic-background family in bolivia . 
 l zaro strode in next , wearing a deep blue shalwar kameez and a wool irish cap . 
 he was the newest guy on alejo 's team and had been sent over from puerto rico . 
 l zaro was one of those guys with a permanent tan from hours of camping and rock climbing and starting fires with nothing but sticks . 
 last came stalin , wheezing like a badger in the hazy peshawar pollution . 
 stalin was pasty , with round glasses and straggly lion-colored hair parted down the middle . 
 the guy was a phd in philosophy and comparative religions , so he came in handy , instructing new recruits in religion . 
 he also was n't a bad shot . 
 and yes , stalin 's parents , student revolutionaries , had actually named their infant son stalin lenin gomez . 
 this was his team . 
 the organization was called the prism , because they wanted to bring god 's light to the world . 
 like a prism scattered light into different colors , everyone in the organization had different talents , brought the light in different ways . 
 by the time alejo closed the door , his team was already making themselves comfortable . 
 the ghastly hue that hung over the golden room after the nightmares was no match for the aroma of the expensive colombian coffee gabriel was dumping into the coffeemaker . 
 benjamin produced fresh roti bread and goat cheese from a paper sack , and stalin was already stretching his legs out on the bed . 
 those socks looked like they had seen a good week of adventure in peshawar without a wash . 
 this was life in pakistan . 
 alejo felt a grin coming on , and he plopped down at the table , pushing aside an ugly vase of melon-colored , gold-coated roses . 
 `` the coffee smells strong today , '' gabriel nodded proudly . 
 `` just how we like it . '' 
 benjamin was quietly spreading goat cheese on a piece of bread , leaning his chair up against the wall next to alejo . 
 `` you seem to be in an especially good mood today , gabo . 
 have n't seen ambrin again , have you ? '' 
 gabriel 's green eyes took on saucer form and steaming coffee sloshed over the edge of his cup , wetting the top of his sandal on the way down . 
 stalin frowned and stopped stuffing grapes into his mouth from yet another sack of food the guys had carried in . 
 `` oh come on you guys ! 
 leave poor gabriel alone ! 
 you know he does n't like to be teased about ambrin . '' 
 gabriel had by now managed to get a grip on his coffee , but his usually-pale neck was now stained scarlet . 
 `` yeah you guys , we should n't even be talking about her . 
 you know i ca n't see her?it would n't be right . 
 we 're not even engaged . 
 she knows i did n't mean to see her without a veil that one time . '' 
 `` but that 's when you fell in love , is n't it ? '' 
 benjamin commented without looking up from the cheese . 
 the whole team knew it was . 
 walking in the garden at the khan 's mansion one day , gabriel had run into ishmael 's niece , ambrin?without a veil . 
 all the guys knew the story by now : sapphire eyes , and gabriel was instantly in love . 
 he was trying to get up the nerve to ask for her hand in marriage . 
 alejo let them go on about it for a while , because he really was dreading the thing he was about to bring up . 
 stalin , mouth still full of food , beat him to it . 
 `` so , '' he asked , polishing his little glasses on the tail of his long kameez shirt and spewing crumbs , `` who 's up to be the next speaker at our retreat ? '' 
 by speaker , he meant the next target . 
 l zaro , who always seemed to have an opinion about everything , set his feet apart on the floor and leaned forward to eye them all intensely . 
 `` i would nominate the southern baptist mission house back in cochabamba . 
 the world could n't be a much worse place without them , right ? '' 
 a grin stretched his tanned face and benjamin seemed to agree with him . 
 alejo fought a sour expression . 
 was the guy never going to let it go ? 
 he 'd only known l zaro for six months , and had already overdosed on the guy 's hatred for americans . 
 and missionaries . 
 word on the street was that l zaro had dated a cute missionary girl who later dumped him , thus the dislike of anything missionary or american . 
 alejo thought that l zaro just wanted an excuse to do whatever he wanted . 
 `` i 've already lined up the next speaker , '' alejo shook his head . 
 he tried to sit up straight but felt the three cups of coffee he 'd just downed settling in his gut like cool acid . 
 sweat trickled down his ribs and he saw blackened fingers through tall white grass , fought the urge to gag . 
 `` well whoever it is , i think it would be a lot more beneficial to get rid of all those missionaries preaching pie-in-the-sky while letting the world we live in go to hell . '' 
 l zaro again . 
 stalin was grinning , amused . 
 this was getting ridiculous . 
 `` it 's franco salazar , '' alejo said , cutting them off . 
 one of gabriel 's blond eyebrows rose . 
 `` the politician ? 
 what has that fat old dude done ? 
 everybody seems to like him back in bolivia . 
 he 's fashionable , drives a swell red sports car , and , they say , even has gold teeth . '' 
 his chipper grin died away at the look on alejo 's face . 
 `` tell us about him , '' benjamin pushed away the plate of bread and cheese . 
 `` guys , alejo knows what he 's talking about . '' 
 benjamin always respected him ; they had been friends for years , since they were both recruited into the prism together while getting masters degrees in london . 
 alejo knew his expression had morphed into something pained , but he could n't control it . 
 he felt the sun baking his neck again , like it had that day , while the breeze whistled through the tall white grass . 
 the smell of death threatened to engulf him here , fifteen years later . 
 i do know what i 'm talking about , but i would give anything not to know . 
 i do n't know if i can say this . 
 alejo did his best to focus , felt his face darken . 
 `` i 'll tell you . 
 and when i 'm done , you 'll know why salazar has to die . '' 
 his team leaned forward and , stuffing the nausea that came whenever he thought about ruben , alejo told them . 
 but he did n't tell them about ruben . 
 even without ruben , it was enough . 
 when alejo was finished , benjamin 's face burned . 
 stalin chewed on his lip , and gabriel looked ready to vomit . 
 `` he 's our next speaker , '' l zaro managed to croak . 
 `` it 's a good choice . 
 3 electric blue the city sat in the bowl of the andes , climbing up the foothills to the lavender peaks beyond . 
 cochabamba was sunny and bustling , infused with a rainbow of flowers and the smell of smog . 
 this city was her home for six years , and wara cadogan loved it . 
 back in downtown cochabamba a week after the trip to the mountains , wara entered caf amara wearing a green hippy dress over jeans and beat-up leather sandals . 
 the air was infused with coffee and cinnamon and vanilla icing and noah was already up front , tuning his honey-colored taylor guitar . 
 every friday he and a group of friends did live music at the downtown coffee shop his church owned . 
 noah threw wara a wave and she plopped down into a chair , ready to drink lots of coffee and rest after long day at the aids center with nazaret and her mom , noly . 
 a swish of fabric drew her attention to the tiny quechua lady at her side , holding a tray of empanadas . 
 wara 's mouth started to water at the sight of browned pastries , perfectly crimped edges embracing a center of melted cheese . 
 `` do a filomena , you know i ca n't resist empanadas , '' she told the older lady in quechua . 
 `` thank you . 
 how are you doing these days ? '' 
 do a filomena had a bent back and wrinkled skin that crinkled like parchment , especially around the eyes . 
 wara had never seen her without two thin gray braids twisted into a bun at the back of her head , and filomena always wore a thick navy blue cardigan over her lacy white blouse . 
 she was always thrilled to talk with a foreigner in her native quechua . 
 `` just fine , i 'm doing fine . '' 
 filomena patted wara on the shoulder , grasped her forearm delicately , and then patted again in the traditional quechua greeting . 
 `` i tell you , the lord is healing me of my arthritis . 
 i just pray , i 'm always praying , and i know that the lord is helping me feel better every day . '' 
 o-kay . 
 wonderful . 
 wara fought not to arch an eyebrow . 
 the lady 's faith was?nice . 
 but she knew about the gigantic megachurch do a filomena was a part of , and all the speaking in tongues and mad tambourine playing that went on in that place honestly freaked wara out . 
 but who was she to judge , right ? 
 `` i 'm glad you 're feeling better . 
 and thanks for the empanada . '' 
 the older lady nodded with smiling , crinkly eyes and headed back towards the kitchen . 
 just as tiago pushed his way through the caf door , sending little chimes dinging . 
 tiago was a guy of maybe nineteen with a boyish smile and black baggy jeans with chains . 
 he was skinny as a rail and wara wondered when the kid ever ate . 
 the reason she knew tiago was because he was usually found smoking with a boyfriend outside the door of the neighboring coffee shop , caf paris , known for catering to homosexuals . 
 he grinned at her when he saw her , showing off the metal stud in his tongue . 
 another guy wara had never seen before was trailing tiago into caf amara , and the two of them stopped in front of wara 's table . 
 `` hey , there , '' tiago drew out the greeting with a sly smile . 
 noah meandered over to say hi to the guys too , still carrying his taylor guitar . 
 `` this is my new friend rudolf , from germany , '' tiago grinned . 
 `` he 's over here studying spanish , and i told him you guys were nice . 
 how 's it going noah ? '' 
 tiago shook noah 's hand and wara took in the new guy . 
 rudolf had a very clean-shaven german jaw and wore a preppy gray sweater and dark jeans . 
 he also shook noah and wara 's hands with a grin , going on about what a great city cochabamba was . 
 `` and one of the coolest coffee shops here is where you 're standing right now , my friend , '' tiago jumped in . 
 `` this girl right here , wara ? 
 she is always making me up free food from the kitchen . 
 nachos , little pizzas?her quesadillas rock . '' 
 he punched wara in the shoulder , then turned his attention to noah . 
 `` so , we 're hanging out next door , but we thought we 'd come over and see if you wanted to have a drink with us . 
 you 're not singing til later , right ? '' 
 noah blinked . 
 `` uh , sure . 
 we could have a drink . 
 it 's only 9 now , right ? '' 
 alarm bells were going on in wara 's heard . 
 noah 's eyes were friendly and clueless , and he probably would n't be able to tell if someone was flirting with him to save his life . 
 `` i 'll come with you , '' she offered , trying not to grit her teeth . 
 `` sure , wara , that 'd be great . '' 
 noah smiled at her so warmly her knees actually went weak . 
 but then she caught herself and angrily kicked herself into reality . 
 noah thought she was a nice girl , just another missionary with a pure heart for serving the lord . 
 what if he ever found out ? 
 she could never be with someone like him . 
 `` yeah , i 'll definitely come with you guys , '' she repeated morosely as she followed them out the door . 
 `` i could use a good drink . '' 
 for a moment the relative silence of the darkened street shocked wara as the door to caf amara thudded closed behind them . 
 she crossed the pavement with the guys , towards the blue-toned beehive that was caf paris next door . 
 just inside the door , the throbbing techno music reverberated inside her chest and the dim lighting confused her . 
 noah leaned back and spoke into her ear . 
 `` we 'll just stay a little while , be friendly , go back . 
 thanks for coming . 
 i was feeling a little awkward . '' 
 `` no problem , '' wara hissed back , rolling her eyes . 
 some of the guys scooted over to make room for them on the electric blue barstools , and wara noticed that rudolf somehow switched seats with another guy next to him , ending up next to noah . 
 oh great . 
 wara had never actually been inside this caf before , and she took in the antique plaster ceiling with low-hanging bulbs covered in blue glass squares , sending an eerie , ghostly light around the long room . 
 the bar , sporting neon signs for mostly european beers , was by far the busiest area of the caf . 
 `` oh , '' she twisted around , realizing that the bartender was asking her what she wanted , `` i want a taqui a. '' she plopped down on the empty barstool next to noah , who turned away from rudolf as he heard her order for bolivian beer . 
 `` i did n't know you drank . '' 
 `` hardly ever do , '' wara answered coolly , flushing as she heard the solid clink of her glass mug of taqui a hit the bar . 
 she knew this was going to be a bad idea , just knew it . 
 but she had n't had a beer in five years , and if there ever was a time for it , it might be now . 
 `` are you gon na have anything ? '' 
 `` i 'll get it , '' rudolf jumped in , offering to pay for noah 's drink . 
 `` you like taqui a ? '' 
 wara hoped her grimace was discreet , and she tried to hide it by downing a good half of her beer , quickly followed by the other half . 
 noah , rudolf , and the other guys were talking away , covering everything from rudolf 's spanish studies here in cochabamba to what kind of music noah liked . 
 i have got to get noah out of here , wara thought as she ordered a cuba libre . 
 just got to watch for my chance ? 
 she already felt the effects of the alcohol as the rum with coke went down , but all in all , she felt pretty good . 
 if noah was n't in danger of being picked up , this would actually be kind of fun . 
 another fifteen minutes went by , which wara filled with another cuba libre and a whole lot of moody thoughts . 
 and then she heard noah 's voice . 
 `` hey , no . 
 i 'm not?i just came here to hang out . '' 
 wara realized noah was stammering . 
 she whirled around to see rudolf leaning way , way too close . 
 noah 's neck had turned absolutely crimson , and his fingers twitched on the edge of the bar stool . 
 all right , that 's it ! 
 that 's my friend there ! 
 she shot up from her seat and slid onto noah 's lap , wrapping her fingers around the back of his neck . 
 wara to the rescue ! 
 `` that 's right , '' she snapped , facing the other guys and then meeting noah 's eyes . 
 `` i think you 're a little confused about my noah here . '' 
 she pulled him closer , feeling the hot flush of her friend 's face . 
 `` he 's with me . '' 
 noah 's face was just inches from hers . 
 she kissed him , and maybe it was the shock , but noah did n't pull away . 
 then she broke away and looked rudolph right in the eye . 
 `` no boyfriend-stealing tonight . 
 ok ? '' 
 silence dropped around the bar like chloroform , and then tiago cleared his throat , cheeks splotched maroon . 
 `` oh , man . 
 this is really awkward . 
 we 're , uh , really sorry . 
 did n't know you , uh?were with her . '' 
 tiago let his eyes shoot to wara , who slid away from noah 's body onto one of his knees and was eyeing the guys with one eyebrow raised . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 rudolf had stood and was apologizing . 
 `` i just thought , i mean , you knew we were gay and you were so nice to us and no one ever is so ? '' 
 `` yeah , man , '' tiago rushed on . 
 `` i did n't know why you were always talking to us and stuff . 
 everyone else that is n't ... you know?always treats us like trash . '' 
 tiago swore and took a deep breath , smiling nervously . 
 `` anyway , i 'm sure you wo n't want to hang out with us anymore . '' 
 noah unexpectedly burst into laugher and ran his fingers through his hair . 
 `` you know what guys ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` it can happen to anyone . 
 we all make?assumptions sometimes . 
 and i 'll see you around . 
 just so you know not to try to , you know , hook me up . 
 someday , if it 's all over ? '' 
 noah jerked his chin over wara 's way , `` i 'll let you know so you can introduce me to any eligible sisters you may have . 
 c'mon , i think it 's time for us to be going for today , '' noah announced to wara , a little too loudly . 
 he threw tiago and company one last red-faced smile and headed for the door . 
 noah remembered to hold the door open for her , and then they began a brisk walk towards the closest major street . 
 it was obvious that neither of them felt like going back into caf amara . 
 the cool night air hit wara full in the face and the fire rose from her belly to scald her cheeks as she realized what she had done . 
 did i actually just kiss noah ? 
 she had , and in front of witnesses . 
 oh god , i ca n't believe this ! 
 noah was quiet for nearly a block , and wara nearly suffocated with shame . 
 i am the worst missionary in the world ! 
 what if the mission heard about this ? 
 just one more thing to add to her list of awful indiscretions . 
 then she heard a soft chuckle . 
 she jerked her head around to look at him , still not quite meeting his eye . 
 the cobblestones shimmered a little in front of her , and wara was starting to feel a little queasy . 
 `` well , wara , that was a little unconventional , '' noah nodded , `` but you really saved me there . 
 i do n't know what else to say , so i 'll just say , ` thank you . ' '' 
 `` that was really dumb , '' wara mumbled . 
 `` i should never drink . 
 i never learn . '' 
 noah was silent a minute more , and then he put a hand on wara 's shoulder . 
 `` can we sit down here for a sec ? '' 
 he asked evenly . 
 `` sure , fine , '' she answered too hurriedly . 
 she plopped down on a bench in the plaza they had been passing through , in the shadow of a darkened colonial cathedral that was hidden away in the heart of downtown . 
 she crossed her arms tightly across her chest and waited to hear whatever noah had to say . 
 this was n't going to be pretty . 
 the quiet continued as noah sat down a comfortable distance away on the bench , and stared off towards the stone pillars at the plaza 's center . 
 finally he spoke . 
 `` so , that was my first kiss . '' 
 wara jolted . 
 she could n't help glancing over at him to see if he was serious . 
 the way his lashes were lowered , that twist of his lips?wara suddenly realized she knew noah too well . 
 he was serious . 
 memories flooded her heart , unwelcome , and she swatted them away in anger . 
 it was n't fair ! 
 ok , yes it was . 
 it was no one 's fault but her own . 
 but sitting here watching noah , she could tell that he still cared for her as a friend , even though she 'd totally humiliated herself . 
 and she felt just destroyed . 
 even if she really loved him , noah would never , ever , be able to be with someone like her , not with her past and his?his first kiss ? 
 `` look , this was a huge mistake , '' wara groaned out loud . 
 `` i just felt bad and wanted to help you?and i did n't think . '' 
 oh yeah , and i 'm drunk , she thought angrily . 
 `` i think i should go home and you should go?back to the coffee shop . 
 and just please , do n't tell anybody . '' 
 as if he would . 
 wara felt the slow burn spread across the bridge of her nose . 
 what a disaster ! 
 `` i wo n't tell anyone , '' noah promised her . 
 `` and really , while tonight has been a little?weird , i think it worked really well to save me from rudolf . 
 i do n't know what i would have done without you . '' 
 wara sighed and blew her bangs out of her eye as she stood up , tottering unsteadily . 
 `` hey , wait a sec . '' 
 noah frowned at her . 
 `` i 'm not letting you go home by yourself ! 
 you , my dear , are totally wasted . '' 
 he stood up and held out his arms to steady her , just as nausea surged and the night began to spin around in circles . 
 `` i 'll take you home , send the guys a text that they can sing without me . 
 and do n't worry , '' he said seriously , kindly . 
 `` i wo n't tell anyone . 
 4 mocha after deciding how franco salazar would die , alejo 's team took the rest of the day off . 
 alejo spent most of the time wandering the crooked lanes of the peshawar bazaar , staring at gold jewelry to die for and reams of cloth embroidered with a river of color . 
 if he were gabriel and in love with a girl with amazing sapphire eyes , would he buy her that one gold necklace with wreaths of fairy-tale leaves and bottomless blue stones ? 
 alejo blinked at the shop window , realizing he had no idea what he would do . 
 during high school back in bolivia , the girls were more interested in his whiter , richer friends . 
 since then he 'd been too busy trying to save the world . 
 stalin found him sweltering under the sun in front of the jewelry shop , clapped him on the shoulder and steered him towards a coffee shop , one of the few modern one in this city . 
 `` do n't tell me , i can already see it in your eyes , '' stalin said when they 'd taken a seat on the sleek red benches . 
 `` you 've been reading that book again . 
 and that means questions , big life and death questions . 
 go ahead . 
 ask them all . 
 i am an expert on the document in question , after all . '' 
 alejo glanced behind them , checking that they were still alone here in the corner . 
 a young couple sat at the opposite extreme of the coffee shop , he wearing jeans and she a short white kameez top , wide-bottom black pants , and a leopard print veil . 
 they both giggled at each other and sipped something fruity from glasses with paper-maiche umbrellas . 
 the drinks stalin had ordered for them arrived , something with a ridiculous amount of whipped cream and caramel on top . 
 `` does this even have coffee ? '' 
 alejo frowned at the stuff suspiciously . 
 `` you do n't like caramel mochas ? '' 
 stalin grinned . 
 whatever . 
 could n't be worse than that luke-warm fermented mare 's milk he 'd choked down on assignment in uzbekistan a few years ago . 
 `` i do n't think i do have more questions , '' alejo narrowed his eyes at stalin . 
 `` and that 's the scary part . 
 we both know you love to be right , and i 'm giving this one to you . 
 your arguments convinced me : the texts are authentic . 
 he really said it . 
 and if i believe that , i ca n't be muslim anymore . '' 
 alejo felt his brow lower saying it out loud . 
 stalin swore under his breath across the table . 
 `` you seriously believe it ? '' 
 a bead of sweat popped out of his forehead and he slurped caramel and cream . 
 `` this time , i 'm not sure if i should have allowed my extreme intellect to be so convincing . '' 
 `` i do , '' alejo crossed his legs and leaned back . 
 `` i ca n't help it , i just do . 
 i believe jesus is the son of god . '' 
 `` and that means you ca n't be a muslim anymore , '' stalin conceded glumly . 
 `` it 's just not possible . 
 allah has no son . 
 if gabriel finds out , he 's going to have a cow . '' 
 yeah , gabriel was really religious , more than anyone else on alejo 's team . 
 but the one alejo really dreaded telling was ishmael khan . 
 the khan loved alejo like a son , and in the pashto culture that kind of love should never be broken . 
 he was going to take it hard that alejo had to leave islam?and the prism , besides . 
 `` but it 's just not right for me to stay where i am , '' alejo told stalin , `` if i 'm not a muslim . 
 i 'll have to tell them . '' 
 alejo felt relieved it was all decided . 
 but stalin 's eyes had gone all buggy behind his tiny round glasses . 
 he chewed on one chapped lip and stirred the mess of coffee and cream left in his cup with the straw . 
 `` alejo , i do n't think you can just tell them , '' he said worriedly . 
 stalin licked a film of whipped cream off his upper lip and sighed . 
 `` do n't you remember what happened to marco ? '' 
 marco , until a year ago , was the prism leader for colombia and venezuela . 
 the poor guy was murdered in a horrible break-in , along with his sister and some young nieces ; the whole thing had been really hard for alejo and his team . 
 stalin was watching the memory cross alejo 's face and he nodded grimly . 
 `` it happened right after he retired . 
 did n't it ? 
 i mean , alejo , you are the best of us , always busy exercising , studying other languages . 
 but the lazier of us have time to sit around and listen to rumors . 
 marco leaves the prism to take up agriculture . 
 or pottery . 
 or something , i do n't know . 
 then weeks later , he 's murdered , along with his entire family . 
 the scary thing is , the 964 did n't seem the least bit surprised . '' 
 the 964 was the group of incredibly wealthy people who financed the prism . 
 and why would n't the 964 be surprised ? 
 because they were behind the whole thing , that 's why . 
 frost crept into alejo 's veins as it all came together . 
 the picture shoved under the door of his house in bolivia , a bunch of little kids arriving home from school in uniforms and overstuffed backpacks . 
 a house number clearly visible over the door . 
 stalin had also gotten a really weird picture of his parents wearing matching lime green t-shirts at a rally for world peace . 
 alejo had been so obsessed with salazar he 'd paid no attention to the prism funders ' reaction to marco 's death . 
 he 'd felt the surprise at seeing that picture show up but never figured out the hint . 
 `` they 're telling us they know where our families are , '' he stated the obvious . 
 alejo 's tone turned bitter . 
 `` if we leave , people we care about die . '' 
 four o'clock came early the next morning , when the khan came to pick him up for the trip to the countryside tribal area . 
 a sleek black hummer glided to a stop in front of the apartment , purring in the early morning chill . 
 a man in a shalwar kameez that was cotton candy pink held the hummer 's rear door for alejo : mateen , an employee of the khan that a guy would be wise not to mess with , despite the pink clothes . 
 mateen nodded wordlessly at alejo and deferentially closed the hummer door behind him . 
 the leather seats were freezing . 
 alejo crossed his arms across his chest and greeted two of the khan 's burly body guards , wearing the round woolen caps that were traditional pashto garb . 
 each held a well-cared for automatic weapon very comfortably between their knees . 
 `` asalaam aleikum , '' they grinned back at him over thick , unkempt beards . 
 `` ishmael , '' alejo nodded at his boss , who , eerily , was impeccably dressed even at this ungodly hour of the morning . 
 ishmael khan was a philanthropist , giving away a lot of his wealth to build hospitals and schools here in pakistan as well as in bolivia . 
 the broken hand of two-year old jamila was what ishmael khan fought for . 
 this was what alejo 's handler saw every time he heard about another child killed by the americans in afghanistan : the tiny , coffee-colored hand of his niece , protruding from the rubble of her home in the mountains . 
 she 'd been crushed by a stray american missile back in 2008 , massacred in the same day as her five siblings . 
 the americans had apologized . 
 the khan had n't accepted . 
 now ishmael khan was alejo 's handler in the prism , this muslim organization dedicated to fighting against injustice for allah . 
 alejo was the prism leader for all of south america , excluding colombia and venezuela , where marco 's replacement now worked . 
 the chill from his conversation with stalin yesterday still sat in alejo 's bones . 
 the khan was a strict muslim , but would he really react so strongly to alejo 's moving on as stalin had implied ? 
 maybe only the 964 really cared , because they were the ones who invested all the money in training alejo . 
 or maybe stalin and alejo were just painting themselves scary pictures from nothing , like campfire ghost stories under the moon . 
 gabriel cleared his throat from the third row of seats behind alejo . 
 the rest of alejo 's team had stayed behind in peshawar . 
 `` i thought we might have to drag your butt out of bed , '' he chuckled . 
 `` for the first time ever . 
 you were looking pretty down yesterday . '' 
 alejo was irritated . 
 they did n't know why he personally hated salazar so much . 
 to them he was just another scumbag who was about to be offed . 
 and , except for stalin , they absolutely did n't know a thing about the decision alejo was trying to make . 
 the roads outside of peshawar were cut into dry , dusty mountain faces , and incredibly sheer drop-offs framed their narrow edges . 
 eventually the hummer left the peaks and jolted across a stony field where the rutted tracks were barely visible in the weak light of dawn . 
 everywhere , mud-brick houses sprung up out of the rocky dust ; most were shattered from missiles , empty shells of the family life that must once have filled them . 
 small children sometimes lined the road , staring with huge , kohl-lined eyes as the impressive hummer roared past , clouding their ragged bodies in billows of thick dust . 
 sometime around noon , the armored hummer arrived at a run-down village , consisting of a cluster of houses around a stone well . 
 mangy , skeletal donkeys wandered about , tethered to fraying ropes . 
 scrawny chickens had free range of the dusty central courtyard . 
 a baby cried franticly from inside one of the single-room homes . 
 a piece of burlap hung over the small window stirred , a dark form peered out , and the baby was immediately hushed . 
 somewhere in the near distance , the dull echo of a missile launcher pounded against the surrounding mountains . 
 alejo started , and realized they were near the current battle zone . 
 with a cool hiss , the metallic doors of the hummer unlocked and opened . 
 mateen took a long drink from a two-liter bottle of luke-warm coca-cola . 
 the pashtun guards leapt out of the car , weapons gripped tightly in their rough hands . 
 `` settle down , settle down , '' the khan barked in pashto , appearing amused . 
 `` there 's nothing to be afraid of right here , in this village . 
 it 's still ours . 
 our commander is in constant contact with me , by sat phone . '' 
 ishmael patted the pocket of his gray wool jacket from a posh london shop . 
 `` you all stay here and guard the car , '' ishmael instructed his guards and driver . 
 `` keeping a sharp eye out towards us , of course , as a precaution . '' 
 the khan cleared his throat , spit a wad of hashish on the ground and turned towards alejo , all smiles . 
 `` and as for you , your hour has come . 
 did i not tell you i had a surprise for you ? 
 forgot to mention it , eh ? 
 well , i have a little something i want to show you , and i think you will be very surprised . 
 pleasantly . '' 
 alejo hid his displeasure behind a passive mask . 
 yeah , he was surprised . 
 what could be here , so near the battle zone , that the khan wanted him to see ? 
 there was nothing here but run-down huts . 
 and people who needed help . 
 `` come on , alejo , '' the khan was saying , heading towards a larger , low-slung mud building that was on the close side of the courtyard . 
 alejo 's leather sandals sucked at the mud as he followed ishmael . 
 a thin plume of smoke snaked from the chimney of the building into the slate gray of the sky . 
 alejo halted impatiently outside the splintered wooden door as the khan called into the building in pashto , a curt answer came back to him , and the khan motioned happily for alejo to open the door . 
 features impassive , alejo pushed his way cautiously into the darkened building and found , more or less , what he had expected : a room tightly packed with mud-caked , exhausted mujahedeen , taking an early-morning snooze by the fire before heading out to fight the enemy combatants . 
 most wore grimy shalwar kameezs and the traditional pashtun hats , with a ring around the bottom , bulging like a wool muffin on the top . 
 the men looked thin and under-fed and much too young to be here . 
 many had body parts wrapped up in dirt-encrusted , ratty bandages mottled with dried blood . 
 around one hundred pairs of brown , battle-weary eyes stared back at alejo as his vision adjusted to the dim lighting . 
 he felt the khan push past him , forcing him further inside the room . 
 `` well , come see your surprise ! '' 
 alejo was confused , but did n't let it show , only cocking an eyebrow at ishmael . 
 he was n't interested in radical fighters and all their petty battles over slight differences in religion or generational blood feuds . 
 what was he doing here ? 
 `` asalaam alaikum ! '' 
 ishmael greeted the men enthusiastically , and they , obviously knowing who he was , made an effort to sit up straighter with respect and returned the pashto greeting . 
 `` this is the man i told you about , the man i told your commander i would bring to you . '' 
 the khan motioned widely towards alejo , as pleased as a kindergartner presenting his newest coloring page to his favorite teacher . 
 `` please greet our visitor . '' 
 alejo was perplexed to see grins spreading across the chapped faces of many of the men in the room . 
 an unexplained feeling of dread crept across his chest as he watched them . 
 and then the men opened their mouths and spoke . 
 5 aquamarine pakistan if gabriel shara were any happier , he might just die . 
 it had happened . 
 his dream had finally come true ! 
 he . 
 was . 
 going to marry . 
 ambrin !!! 
 gabriel had never thought it would all happen so soon . 
 but while alejo was chatting with the mujahedeen warriors in that town with the mangy donkey , ishmael khan had pulled gabriel aside and said the best words of the century : `` gabriel my son , i 've heard you have noticed my niece . '' 
 it was all going to be arranged , next year when ambrin finished nursing school . 
 and though marrying ambrin was about the most awesome news gabriel could imagine , the khan had n't been finished . 
 there was a client , a super-important client , hiring for a super-important mission . 
 and the khan wanted gabriel to take the job ! 
 `` you 're the one , gabriel shara , '' ishmael had smiled warmly outside under the blazing pakistani sun . 
 `` think about it and let me know . '' 
 but gabriel did n't need to think about it . 
 he 'd pretend to for a few days , just to negotiate the price a little . 
 but why should he even do that ? 
 this mission was a dream come true , a gigantic victory in the cause of justice . 
 for goodness sakes , he should just do it for free ! 
 gabriel 's brain was doing cartwheels by the time they stopped for a bite to eat in a one-horse town along the road back to peshawar . 
 absolutely everyone along the village 's single road stopped to gawk as mateen pulled the black hummer over next to a ditch of raw sewage , then ducked after the khan into the village 's only eating establishment . 
 the bodyguards were talking loudly about some tv show , but alejo was lost in a world of his own , ever since they had left the tribal area . 
 he got like that sometimes . 
 gabriel had found if you just left him alone , he would come out of the funk before you knew it . 
 he tried to catch alejo 's eye with a smile as they entered the restaurant . 
 grimy aquamarine walls dominated the small eating place with their shocking color , and cheap plastic mats spread across the floor . 
 several groups of men were already eating their lunch , one leg folded up to support their right arm , the other bent cross-legged on the woven mat . 
 with their right hand , the pashtun men scooped up cooked spinach with torn pieces of oven-roasted naan bread . 
 along one wall lay a scattered pile of black plastic sandals in varying states of muddiness . 
 several of the men 's blackened , bare feet twitched only a few inches away from the food . 
 bon apetit . 
 before digging in , gabriel slipped his cell phone out of one pocket to check the time . 
 yep . 
 time for prayers . 
 around twenty other men in the room began to unroll tattered prayer mats from a special corner of the restaurant , working as one man to spread them out in rows in the middle of the uneven concrete floor , facing mecca . 
 the town 's mosque must have been very near by , judging by the volume of the haunting call to prayer that suddenly cut through the air over a loudspeaker . 
 the customers who were already here for lunch would simply pray together here . 
 a small spigot of water just outside the door in a concrete courtyard provided a place for the men to perform wudu , ritual washing for prayers . 
 gabriel waited his turn at the trickle of water and began to focus his mind on allah as he washed all the parts required by the prophet . 
 alejo took gabriel 's place at the faucet and began washing , quiet and morose . 
 gabriel 's bare , wet feet made a sucking sound as he padded back inside across the now muddy concrete , his large , moist footprints mingling with the others to create a mosaic of darkened patches on the restaurant floor . 
 frigid rivulets of water formed crystal drops like sweat down gabriel 's face , from his wet , spiky hair to his chin . 
 kneeling down next to alejo , gabriel prostrated himself on his mat and began to pray to the one who , alone , could reward him with eternal life . 
 he had to wait another week , but gabriel finally got some time off . 
 the rest of his team had flown back to bolivia the day after that legendary trip to the tribal area , the one where gabriel 's dreams of ambrin began to come true . 
 since then , gabriel had been back , training a new group of recruits in the tribal area . 
 he knew how to make stuff : molotov cocktails , pretty good bombs , electronic bugs for picking up conversations . 
 and he was a really good sniper . 
 he 'd had to learn this stuff when hezbollah trained him in iran , along with alejo , benjamin , stalin , and a bunch of other guys . 
 he 'd gotten a scholarship in bolivia to go to university in iran , and been recruited into the prism there . 
 the training had been excellent . 
 and now gabriel was just passing it all on . 
 hard work , but today i get a reminder that in the end it all pays off . 
 literally . 
 sitting in the middle of one of the khan 's gilded apartments , gabriel flushed , glancing at the fat pile of cash gripped tightly in his hand . 
 his salary for the next few months . 
 gabriel , it 's not about the money ! 
 he scolded himself . 
 it was all about doing what allah wanted . 
 a knock thudded against the apartment door , and gabriel opened to find ishmael 's employee mateen . 
 the huge pashtun guard was clad in a cotton candy pink shalwar kameez , but the muscles bulging under mateen 's shirt convinced gabriel that the color somehow did n't make the man look any less respectable . 
 `` mr. khan sent me to tell you i will pick you up at eight for a little good-bye dinner , '' mateen announced . 
 a smile twitched above mateen 's bushy black beard and he bowed deferentially , then glided back towards the silver bmw idling outside the door . 
 you mean at ten , gabriel raised an eyebrow at the departing guard . 
 people accused bolivians of always being tardy to everything , but really , they had no idea . 
 pakistanis had them beat . 
 seeing the beard reminded gabriel of his own pathetic attempt to grow a beard in order to be a good muslim . 
 the few inches of reddish , peachy fuzz dusting his chin at least showed that he had made the effort to be pious . 
 i will never be able to wear a pink shalwar kameez like mateen , gabriel thought . 
 the door to the apartment pounded shut , and he sighed as he was left alone . 
 a shiny , distorted image of himself glimmered back at him from a mirror in the golden wardrobe on the opposite wall , and gabriel scowled at his measly beard pack . 
 i 've got to pack . 
 them maybe i can settle down and watch a sermon from one of the mullahs on tv . 
 his trusty hiker backpack was propped up next to the bed , and gabriel opened the huge gold wardrobe and pulled out a stack of folded shalwar kameezs , sweaters and jeans . 
 now , on to his babies . 
 first , he carefully lifted his favorite quran , inside its black leather quran case , from its position of respect on the highest table in the room and gently placed it inside the backpack . 
 then came the hard shelled black case from under the bed . 
 gabriel fondly clicked the case open , revealing the smooth , honey wood of his violin . 
 this guy had been with him since his parents had given it to him for his sixteenth birthday , and the violin always came with gabriel to anywhere he went that was important . 
 he carefully placed the small case inside his backpack . 
 there . 
 now that the violin is here , wherever we go i 'll be home . 
 that left the money . 
 he understood the reasons , but sometimes really wished his boss did n't have to pay him in cash . 
 debit cards existed for a reason , did n't they ? 
 gabriel decided to deposit all this cash in the bank , one of the many banks close to the apartment where he had an account . 
 he pulled a fraying gray sweater over his long shalwar kameez and headed to the bank . 
 thirty minutes later , having disposed of the cash , gabriel strolled lazily down one of peshawar 's main thoroughfares under a thick haze of ochre smog and pollution . 
 bordering the sidewalk , heavy buses painted like kaleidoscopes rumbled by next to wooden donkey carts . 
 a chorus of a thousand horns blared . 
 two female shapes , heavily-shrouded in black veils that fell to the ground , glided in front of gabriel and began to weave their way across the street . 
 though modestly covered , the girls ' huge dark eyes were exposed and gabriel could tell they must be young , maybe about his age . 
 then he realized what he was thinking , and his face began a slow burn . 
 he was ashamed for even noticing them . 
 oh allah , help me ! 
 here i 've been offered this great mission , and i 'm so unworthy . 
 you 've got to make me pure and clean . 
 please ! 
 still praying , he ducked past a street vendor and a sizzling vat of curry into a winding alleyway , already shadowy in the approaching night . 
 a crunching sensation of angst in his belly came at the same moment as gabriel 's eyes told him he had erred and let his mind wander away from his surroundings . 
 he barely registered the shadowy shapes of three men who had suddenly surged from behind into his peripheral vision , then came the flash of adrenaline . 
 the force of their bodies propelled gabriel face first against the coarse concrete wall . 
 feeling true panic , gabriel swore in spanish . 
 two of the men gripped his arms tightly behind his back , while the third tore off gabriel 's cap , threw it on the ground , and grabbed his hair so that he could not turn his face toward either side . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 gabriel gasped in pashto . 
 maybe they had mistaken him for someone else . 
 with his light skin , he did look a lot like an afghani . 
 `` shut up ! 
 if you look at us , you 'll die ! '' 
 yelled one of the men in a voice that sounded like a traffic accident . 
 they yanked gabriel 's head back by the hair , exposing his neck and scraping his nose and chin painfully across the pock-marked wall . 
 and then he felt the prick of a very wicked knife pressed against his throat . 
 `` i-i 'm not looking ! '' 
 gabriel stammered , hating himself for not being able to control the tremor . 
 if i were alejo i would fight these guys ? 
 something hot and tangy oozed off gabriel 's bloodied lip onto his tongue . 
 the taste of his own blood made him want to gag . 
 `` give us all the money you got from the bank . '' 
 the demand came from one of the men , shadowy in the darkness of the back alley-way . 
 `` or we 'll cut your throat , dirty afghan . '' 
 gabriel swallowed hard and took a steadying breath . 
 `` of course . 
 i have the money right here in my pocket . 
 the left one . 
 all my money is there , in my wallet . '' 
 a hand thrust violently into the left pocket of gabriel 's long kameez , causing him to totter and the knife at his neck to bite into his flesh . 
 gabriel gasped and told the men , `` but i did n't get any money at the bank . 
 i went there to deposit . '' 
 `` you filthy liar ! '' 
 one of them yelled , twisting gabriel 's arm so hard behind his back that his eyes watered from the pain . 
 `` we saw you go into the bank . 
 if you 're hiding the money , we 'll slaughter you like a pig . '' 
 they had followed him from the bank ! 
 how had he not noticed ? 
 you 've been a fool , gabriel . 
 a fool . 
 how could you get so lost in your thoughts ? 
 `` but?look in my wallet . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 gabriel swallowed hard , felt his adam 's apple rub raw across the concrete wall . 
 `` there 's the deposit receipt there . 
 you can see that i left a deposit there in the bank . 
 all the money i have now is there in my wallet . '' 
 sweat ran down gabriel 's face , along with the blood . 
 he knew that there were only around two hundred rupees in his wallet , a paltry sum , enough to buy some potato chips and a coke . 
 thank god he had nothing in his wallet to identify him as a westerner , as usual . 
 there was only his afghan identity card , thanks to the khans . 
 a snarl and several pashto curses told gabriel that , indeed , the thieves were not pleased with the pittance in his wallet or the rumpled slip that told them twenty thousand euros had been deposited before their victim left the bank and they began to follow him . 
 the man holding the blade at gabriel 's throat swore violently in his ear . 
 `` hold him ! '' 
 rough hands dug into his upper arms . 
 someone else pulled on his hair , forcing gabriel 's face towards the sky . 
 the knife slashed his throat like the sting of a thousand wasps and his eyes rolled back into his head . 
 everything hazed over midnight , and the world was black before gabriel shara even crumpled at the thieves ' feet next to the graffiti-covered wall . 
 it was terribly strange to be aware that the world was passing by around you , but yet to feel yourself immobile as a stone , limbs heavy as petrified wood . 
 drifting in and out of awareness , gabriel finally reached a point of realizing that he could move his lips and try to speak , and what he tried to say was , `` help . '' 
 he was in a dirty room filled with ivs , a few cots , and a chess board on a little table , pieces paused mid-game . 
 the ivs mean doctors , a hospital . 
 what 's with the chess game ? 
 i 'm not dead . 
 gabriel felt his heart beat slow and cold . 
 this could n't possibly be some kind of freaky afterlife filled with rusting metal cots and eternal games of chess ? 
 am i dead ? 
 gabriel attempted to roll over to one side , morbid curiosity winning out over sluggishness . 
 something stabbed through his neck and chest with the movement , and he yelled , suddenly remembering the alley and the thieves and the knife slitting his throat . 
 and then he saw alejo , materializing in this strange room , followed by a short little doctor in a dirty lab coat . 
 `` take it easy , gabo , '' alejo said hoarsely . 
 `` do n't move . 
 you 're safe now . '' 
 gabriel forced himself to relax back into the pillow , weak with relief at the sight of his friend . 
 was alejo looking about to cry ? 
 over him ? 
 `` they had to sew you up pretty quickly , '' alejo said , then cleared his throat . 
 `` someone found you . 
 in the alley . 
 they did n't cut your windpipe . 
 do you remember what happened ? '' 
 if he held really still , the pain of talking was manageable . 
 `` yes . 
 they wanted?money . '' 
 the doctor had moved to the side of the bed and was checking stitches on gabriel 's neck . 
 stitches he really did n't even want to imagine . 
 `` you must realize , my friend , how lucky you are , '' the short doctor clucked at gabriel . 
 `` it is truly a miracle you are still here . 
 and you have such a good friend , this man who flew here all the way from the americas when he heard what happened . '' 
 alejo was crying . 
 he was trying to pretend it was just a piece of dust he had to scrub from one eye , but the ruse was n't working very well . 
 gabriel felt his face spread into a grin . 
 a very sad-looking , lopsided grin , but a happy one nonetheless . 
 `` allah has chosen you , my friend , '' the doctor patted gabriel on the shoulder . 
 `` you must never forget it . 
 your life belongs to him now . '' 
 that was supposed to be comforting , was n't it ? 
 but gabriel felt the smile drain from his lips . 
 what if he messed up ? 
 allah had saved him by a miracle . 
 and gabriel knew how it worked . 
 now he had to pay allah back . 
 6 emerald coroico , bolivia wara shifted positions against the worn gray upholstery of the minibus , managing to win an extra half-inch or so for her left leg . 
 she hooked one dusty converse tennis shoe through the straps of her purple backpack , a habit she had developed to be able to drift off to sleep while traveling without the possibility of someone sneaking off with her bag . 
 nazaret was fast asleep next to her , blond curls plastered to wara 's shoulder . 
 on wara 's other side , through the window , soaring peaks of emerald contrasted with sheer drop-offs , mere inches from the edge of the dirt-caked road . 
 nazaret and wara were on their way to coroico , sleepy tropical tourist town in the mountains , for a four-day weekend vacation . 
 this was the first time pastor martir had let his daughter go away for so long , even though nazaret was the same age as wara , twenty-seven . 
 latino fathers tended to be extra-protective of their daughters , more so than american dads . 
 the bennesons from wara 's mission had let her take some time off from helping at the aids center , and her literacy classes for quechua women were only twice a week anyway . 
 as the distance between wara and cochabamba grew , she allowed herself to think of that disastrous night she 'd been trying to forget for the past month : the electric blue glow of caf paris , several drinks too many , kissing noah next to the bar . 
 even now , wara felt her cheeks flame at the memory of that really ill-advised kiss . 
 in the plaza outside the caf that night , while still feeling the effects of the alcohol , wara had felt crushed with the realization that noah would never be able to love her . 
 a dilemma that never would have bothered her before . 
 but since sobering up , wara found that her feelings of dismay over the situation with noah had n't changed . 
 of course , she felt ridiculous for having embarrassed herself in front of him . 
 but it was more than that . 
 that night she had seen how noah still looked at her with kindness after that stupid moment in the bar . 
 she knew , now , that she really did love him . 
 at least it felt that way . 
 wara closed her eyes against the smooth glass , heart sinking all the way down to her toes . 
 but he could never love me . 
 a jolt from underneath the minibus began at the flimsy metal seat and rode up wara 's spine , rattling her cheek against the glass . 
 she opened her eyes and felt the bus brake solidly , pebbles exploding along the pavement . 
 the rear end of the vehicle fishtailed towards the sheer cliff at the edge of the road . 
 soft shrieks and muted curses rose from the other bus passengers , and wara 's heart flew to her throat as nazaret jerked wide awake . 
 a skidding bus anywhere near the edge of this mountain road was ample cause for alarm . 
 the road that led down from la paz to coroico was no ordinary road ; it was booked in most tour guides as the road of death , the most dangerous road in the world . 
 cut at unbelievable angles into the emerald heart of the andes , the road boasted drop-offs of 1800 feet at some points . 
 nazaret gasped loudly at wara 's side , clutching her little rolling suitcase covered in pink poodles and eiffel towers . 
 then the minibus drew to a halt , engulfed in a fine mist of pewter-colored dirt . 
 they were still on the road , but wara 's knees were shaking . 
 five seconds later , the dust glided away , leaving the bus passengers a view of metal debris and a gutted , blown-out tire splayed over the pavement . 
 `` a bus went over the mountain ! '' 
 a man called from a few rows back . 
 wara took a deep breath and knit her shaking fingers together in her lap . 
 a plump quechua woman on the other side of nazaret answered loudly , `` it 's the accident from two days ago . 
 the one from the news . '' 
 old accident or not , the bus passengers were curious . 
 the door of the minivan slid open with a hollow whine and everyone spilled out , cautiously tiptoeing over to the cliff . 
 a humid breeze whipped at their hair from across the ravine and the sunshine seared their shoulders . 
 `` the road of death , living up to its name , '' a woman muttered . 
 a chorus of gasps rose upon viewing what was once a large , sleek tour bus , belly up in a tangle of trees a thousand feet below . 
 horrified , wara could make out the tiny stick forms of what appeared to be bodies sprawled on the way down to the crash . 
 `` good heavens , '' an elderly man stammered . 
 `` they 're just going to leave them here ? '' 
 `` the rescue teams have been working since the accident , '' replied a skinny kid in a hoodie . 
 `` they find the survivors first , then bring up the bodies . 
 they 'll probably be back tomorrow . 
 it 's getting late . '' 
 as wara stared wide-eyed down the precipice , the magnitude of rappelling down that sheer cliff to attempt a rescue effort hit her . 
 her head spun and she backed away , hurrying to the minibus where the driver was ordering them all to return . 
 nazaret never made it back to sleep during the remaining hour ride to coroico , and wara did her best to focus on the primitive beauty of the living mountains and not the valley below . 
 the first tinges of dusk were just beginning to paint the expanse over the mountains when coroico came into view , all coral-tiled roofs jutting out over an emerald mass of vegetation , like a man riding a foaming wave into the thin air over a precipice that dropped into the valley below . 
 the bus followed winding roads and soon arrived at coroico 's main plaza , a square affair surrounded by touristy restaurants and tour guide offices . 
 the rubber wheels of nazaret 's suitcase bounced over cobblestones as she and wara walked towards their hotel . 
 the hotel bella vista was four blocks from the plaza , and wara sagged with relief as she entered its cream-colored hall and spotless wood parquet floor . 
 a beautiful brick fountain gurgled in the atrium , splashing water across smooth pebbles . 
 `` it 's good to be back , '' she muttered , heading towards the room she always reserved at the back of the hotel . 
 it was really good to be anywhere , after seeing the fate of that bus down in the valley . 
 inside the room she and nazaret had reserved , a giant plate-glass window was framed by crimson and gold curtains . 
 though the sun had sunk a little more behind the mountains , the amazing spread of the valley below was still visible in muted tones , proving why this hotel was called the beautiful view . 
 beyond the crimson curtains , tangled tropical life stretched out far below them as far as the eye could see , blanketing the soaring mountains in emerald array . 
 a winding river cut through the middle of the valley , and wet salmon-colored clouds clung to the tops of the mountains that were still lower than the town of coroico . 
 wara and nazaret fell asleep right after dinner from a tiny pizza restaurant , and did n't move again til morning . 
 she and nazaret spent the next day exploring the tiny tourist town : horseback riding over the emerald mountains , lunch at the little german caf , then a walk over towards casa bonita for homemade organic ice cream . 
 crashing for a while in coroico 's main plaza under the stars seemed to be the perfect ending . 
 wara and nazaret collapsed on a bench and stretched their legs out next to a tinkling stone fountain . 
 groups of fair-skinned tourists , wearing khaki shorts with hiking sandals and socks , sat around the plaza laughing too loudly and munching pringles and snickers bars that the local stores kept on hand for the healthy flow of foreigners brought to their town by the adventure tourism industry . 
 a young bolivian couple strolled by with their son and a pair of mickey mouse balloons , munching hamburgers wrapped in plastic sacks . 
 and near the tinkling fountain , a group of women in dark islamic robes stood quietly , passing out pieces of paper to anyone interested . 
 `` looks like islam is growing here , too . '' 
 nazaret had also noticed the muslim girls , trying to share their faith here in coroico with people passing by . 
 `` not just in the big cities . 
 next year they finish that huge mosque in cochabamba , you know . '' 
 wara did know that ; during the last decade , bolivia and iran had become close friends . 
 with more muslims coming to bolivia for business or study , some bolivians were converting to islam . 
 and the iranians had built many hospitals and schools in needy parts of the country . 
 there was probably one here outside of coroico . 
 `` boo ! '' 
 wara nearly jumped out of her skin as two rough hands covered her eyes , blinding her . 
 she panicked and tried to lean forward but could n't break away . 
 she felt a body come over the back of her bench into the space between her and nazaret as the hands disappeared . 
 annoyed , wara realized that the bony shoulder pressing into hers belonged to tobin , the wiry , blond australian friend of noah 's . 
 `` tobin ! '' 
 wara scolded . 
 `` what ?? 
 you really freaked me out ! '' 
 she paused , frowning , wondering what tobin was doing here . 
 wara leaned around tobin and saw that eduardo sejas , the good-looking bolivian who sang with noah at the cafe , was sitting on the edge of the bench next to nazaret , wearing cargo pants , a dirty t-shirt , and a heavy-duty backpack . 
 nazaret 's lips were turned up into a smile , and wara followed her gaze to see tobias , the other australian , and noah . 
 standing in front of her bench , smiling down at her . 
 wara gulped . 
 and paled . 
 what were they doing here ? 
 `` aww , we 're sorry we scared you guys ! '' 
 a quick glance over at eduardo showed white teeth flashing against his tan jaw . 
 `` we did n't know it would freak you out . '' 
 he paused and waved his hand as if to erase the past . 
 `` so , hello ! 
 nice to see you ! '' 
 tobin kissed a still-frozen wara on the cheek , and the other guys leaned in to give greetings . 
 noah was wearing khaki shorts with leather hiking sandals , and his tanned legs were covered in powdery dirt . 
 a t-shirt with cut-off sleeves left the tattoo of blue celtic symbols around his upper arm clearly visible . 
 wara dared to meet his eyes and saw no sign that he was thinking of the last time they 'd hung out , in caf paris . 
 noah leaned forward to give her a bolivian cheek-smooch , and wara felt her face go hot . 
 `` what are you guys doing here ? '' 
 she asked much too sharply . 
 how could we have ended up coming to the same place for weekends away ? 
 i never heard noah or any of the guys talking about this ! 
 well , she had also been avoiding him . 
 `` well , '' tobin said cheerfully in his lovely accent , `` we 've been planning this for quite a while , right guys ? 
 today and tomorrow we are doing ` adventure tourism ' here around coroico , and then monday we are heading out for the hike to the cotapata nature reserve . 
 what is it , eduardo , a 24-hour hike ? '' 
 eduardo confirmed , and noah sat down on the concrete edge of the fountain , stretching out his legs . 
 `` awesome surprise to find you guys here , too , '' noah smiled at wara and nazaret . 
 wara swallowed hard . 
 `` yeah , i?can ' t believe it . '' 
 the surprise of having him show up here in the plaza in coroico , just like that , had still not worn off . 
 she had to think of something normal to say . 
 `` i remember?last week your parents were supposed to come , right ? '' 
 the last time wara ran into noah at the martirs , he had mentioned his parents were going to come to bolivia . 
 his parents were wealthy and did not believe in god . 
 they were really not happy their son had decided to study social work and come to one of the poorest countries in the western hemisphere . 
 hurt glinted in noah 's eyes when he told her they were thinking of stopping by cochabamba . 
 briefly . 
 on their way to a beach resort in brazil . 
 now , noah set his jaw and looked away . 
 `` nope . 
 they did n't come . 
 decided they just could n't do it . 
 hotels here are n't up to their sky high standards . '' 
 noah quickly changed the subject . 
 `` we 're going to rent a jeep to drive us down to the waterfalls tomorrow . 
 you guys want to come with us ? '' 
 but wara 's heart was going crazy . 
 noah should despise her after how she 'd acted the other day , but he was still smiling . 
 and so?nice to her . 
 could it really just be a coincidence that she and noah had both showed up here , at the same place , at the same time ? 
 she did n't think so . 
 maybe there was a chance noah could love her . 
 because maybe god was behind this . 
 the idea nearly made her cry . 
 she knew nazaret would n't be thrilled about hanging out with the guys all day tomorrow ; noah was already like a brother to her , always over at the martirs ' wrestling with her little siblings or mowing the lawn . 
 and wara did n't think she was ready to hang out with noah yet . 
 she needed time to think about this . 
 to squash the hope that right now was blooming to life . 
 `` uh?thanks . 
 but we should just let you guys have guy time , '' wara said . 
 `` yeah , tomorrow wara and i were going to spend some time alone , '' nazaret grinned at them . 
 `` set our priorities straight . 
 mediate . 
 all that . '' 
 `` suit yourselves , '' tobias waved them away , pretending to be offended . 
 `` your loss . 
 you miss seeing us without our t-shirts in the waterfall . '' 
 tobin , ever the clown . 
 wara could barely compose herself enough to cheek-smooch all the guys goodbye and make it back to the hotel . 
 there must be some reason god was doing this . 
 and it had to be something good ? 
 right ? 
 7 white plaster alejo shut the metal door of the orange three-story house he shared with gabriel and benjamin and stepped out onto the lazy peaceful street only a thursday morning in coroico could deliver . 
 and only in coroico could one have a view such as alejo and the guys had every time they stepped out their front door . 
 their front steps lowered to a street with a steep downward slope , rushing down the mountain and leaving a breath-taking view of jade mountains peaks and scarlet flowering trees in the distance . 
 their street was just a narrow lane of stone stairs , really , used only for foot traffic . 
 a corridor of tangerine and violet flowers grew wild in the dirt , forming a living rainbow along the center of the staircase . 
 gabriel sat on the second step from the top , elbows propped on his knees , staring at the clouds misting up over the trees in the distance . 
 he wore a turtleneck , as he had every day since the attack in pakistan a month ago . 
 his pale green eyes reflected the weak rays of the early morning sun , glazed , vacant , and bleak . 
 alejo sighed and covered the few steps to slide down onto the cool concrete step next to him . '' 
 ` morning , '' alejo croaked , then cleared his throat . 
 `` i think we 're late to breakfast . '' 
 gabriel half-turned towards him and parted his lips , tried to think of something to say , then gave up . 
 his gaze went back to the mist in the distance . 
 `` you sure you want to come along this weekend ? '' 
 alejo pressed his lips together . 
 `` you can take more time off , you know . '' 
 after alejo got the call from ishmael in peshawar , the twenty hour trip from here to gabriel had seemed to take forever . 
 gabriel had recovered well since that day , but the playfulness seemed to be gone from his eyes . 
 most of his free time was spent praying or playing really melancholy music on the violin his parents gave him . 
 `` i know , '' gabriel nodded . 
 he swatted at a mosquito that was whining its way around his ear . 
 `` i rested a lot last week though , at mom 's house . 
 she about had a heart attack when you called her and told her about the skiing accident in france . 
 stupid person who installed barbed wire on the slopes . '' 
 his mouth twitched and some of the old sparkle glowed in gabriel 's eyes . 
 `` i mean , what a freak accident , right ? 
 running into wire at neck level while skiing ? '' 
 now even alejo almost laughed . 
 that 's where gabriel 's family thought he went when he disappeared with his friends for weeks at time : skiing in france . 
 it felt good to smile . 
 gabriel seemed happy thinking about his mom , and the week at her house had fattened him up a bit . 
 `` it 's just , i feel weird , you know , '' gabriel sighed , still batting at the stupid mosquito . 
 `` like i should n't be here . 
 i mean , i see how pretty everything is here in coroico , and i am so happy to be alive . 
 but i should be dead . '' 
 one of his hands drifted to his throat and gabriel 's adam 's apple bobbed . 
 `` god gave me back my life , but now i feel that my life has to totally belong to him , you know ? 
 and what if i do n't do what he wants ? 
 what if i mess up ? '' 
 gabriel paused , and wrinkled his nose . 
 `` does that make any sense ? '' 
 `` god would n't save your life just so you can feel all tortured about it , '' alejo frowned . 
 `` he saved you because he loves you , not so you can be his slave the rest of your life . '' 
 gabriel looked at alejo , one sandy eyebrow raised . 
 `` yeah , but imagine how ticked off he 'll be if after he saved my measly little life i sit around living for myself instead of doing everything i can to serve him . '' 
 `` did ishmael talk to you about all this ? '' 
 alejo asked , suddenly feeling cold as he remembered the trip with the khan to the tribal area . 
 `` he 's not trying to tell you to go spend the rest of your redeemed life as a taliban fighter or something , right ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 gabriel actually smiled now and stood up , dusting off his sweat pants . 
 `` can you see me with all those tough guys , wearing a turban ? 
 i ca n't even grow a beard ! '' 
 alejo had to laugh at the image of gabriel wielding an ak-47 and smoking opium in the middle of the desert . 
 `` who knows ? '' 
 gabriel put his hands on both hips , and stretched a little , leaning to one side . 
 `` whatever allah has for me might even be good . '' 
 `` and it might even include ambrin . '' 
 gabriel scoffed , but seemed quite pleased by the thought . 
 `` let 's go over to the caf , '' he grinned . 
 `` i 'm starving . '' 
 gabriel and alejo joined the rest of the team in the caf attached to the side of the modest kory tours office , which at present was sealed shut by a padlocked , roll-down metal door until office hours began . 
 the tour agency was their cover here in coroico , keeping them all employed in the eyes of this lazy tropical town . 
 benjamin also worked as a doctor in a little clinic sponsored by the government of iran . 
 stalin spent his mornings at the local elementary school , teaching , of all things , morality and ethics class . 
 the two of them now sat at one of the caf 's small tables , leisurely spreading jam and margarine onto fresh bread from the corner store . 
 l zaro hummed behind the counter in the food prep space , sporting a white apron and pouring steaming organic espresso from coroico into glazed ceramic mugs . 
 `` hey , good morning ! '' 
 l zaro called cheerfully . 
 he kicked the mini refrigerator door closed after replacing the milk . 
 `` come on and have breakfast ! 
 fresh marraqueta bread , and i 'm letting you all have some of my brownies . '' 
 alejo grinned and he and gabriel scraped some chairs over to the tiny table with the others . 
 l zaro had learned to make awesome brownies and cheesecake from his mom back in puerto rico , and his desserts made the caf really popular with tourists . 
 `` sure , i think i could choke down one of your brownies today . '' 
 gabriel casually nodded his thanks as l zaro plopped down a mug of strong creamy coffee in front of him . 
 `` or two . 
 depends on how much i think you need to have your self-esteem improved today by me eating your food so you wo n't , you know , think it 's gross or anything . 
 oww ! '' 
 a stale circle of bread flew through the air from where l zaro had returned behind the counter and thumped gabriel in the side of the head . 
 gabriel rubbed his head in mock pain as alejo jerked crossly towards l zaro . 
 `` hey ! 
 he 's got to be careful , you know . '' 
 alejo knew that the worst of gabriel 's injury was healed , but he still felt protective , maybe guilty that something so awful had happened to a member of his team and he had n't been able to stop it . 
 `` so , '' stalin mumbled around a large mouthful of bread smothered in jelly , `` we 're gon na meet our clients half way up the trail , right ? '' 
 alejo made a face at the sight of crumbs spewing across the table . 
 `` yeah , all eight of the paraguayans are going to meet us up there . '' 
 they would meet on the trail up to uchumachi , the mountain top where kory tours led the wilderness survival tours that were completely booked every other week by prism trainees . 
 everyone down here in coroico thought the kory tour guys were up there teaching survival skills to tourists from all over south america . 
 uchumachi was isolated , perfect for alejo and his team to train others . 
 this weekend would be extra busy , because there would be a special guest : ishmael khan , all the way from pakistan . 
 it had been a year since the khan had attended one of their trainings , but he claimed that it was long overdue , that he had missed bolivia and missed them all . 
 alejo suspected that he mainly wanted to check on gabriel , his `` nephew '' , who had given him quite a scare . 
 as the junior member of the leadership team , l zaro was staying behind to man the caf and kory tours . 
 l zaro did n't mind terribly much , well aware that the gringa girls who came to the caf for organic coffee thought he looked hot in the irish tweed hat he always wore and that white apron . 
 the caf would n't have any business without his brownies , anyway , so it was a logical choice . 
 `` so , we 'll be back on monday afternoon , then . '' 
 alejo clasped hands briefly with l zaro , and swung one of the streamlined north face backpacks full of supplies they had prepared last night onto his back . 
 `` tuesday we 'll start getting everything ready for the crusade . '' 
 alejo and his team had already picked the spot for the operation against salazar , a greasy sandwich kiosk in cochabamba 's market where the man met his old college buddy every second friday of the month . 
 the street was packed and hemmed in by tall buildings . 
 no one would ever know where the sniper 's bullet had come from . 
 `` call me with any news , '' alejo instructed half-way out the door , then turned back to snatch another brownie off the table . 
 `` thanks for breakfast . '' 
 `` anytime ! '' 
 l zaro called , tipping the brim of his hat to them all . 
 as they left , alejo could have sworn he saw l zaro checking his reflection in the bamboo-framed mirror along the wall , flicking off stray bread crumbs with a satisfied smile . 
 it was 8:30 in the morning on sunday when alejo 's sat phone buzzed with a call . 
 the group had just finished a discussion called `` ethical questions related to justice '' and were now lounging around debating and munching granola bars for breakfast . 
 he pulled the phone out of the leg pocket of his pants , glancing at the screen for id . 
 `` l zaro . '' 
 alejo wandered from the clearing and entered the relative coolness of the forest at the top of the uchumachi mountain . 
 a thick cloud of mist still hung over the tops of the tangled foliage , not yet burned away by the mid-morning tropical sun . 
 `` alejo . 
 i 've got news . '' 
 l zaro 's voice twitched with excitement . 
 `` the speaker for the crusade we 've been planning ? . 
 he 's down here . 
 i saw him . '' 
 alejo blinked , suddenly at a loss for words . 
 `` uh , he 's there ? 
 in coroico ? '' 
 was n't that what l zaro had just said ? 
 `` do you know why ? '' 
 `` yeah , you 're going to love this . 
 it appears the guy is some kind of amateur sculptor and he entered that contest here in coroico this weekend . 
 i saw the guy walk by on the sidewalk this morning , when i was setting up the caf . 
 he 's with five staff members , and i followed them over to henrich 's for breakfast . 
 i got a table close to theirs out on the porch and heard , like , everything they said . '' 
 a long , long pause . 
 `` he 's going to thailand again , '' l zaro said . 
 `` after her leaves coroico , the day after tomorrow . '' 
 alejo clenched his teeth , hard . 
 `` ok , i 'm not sure you really want to hear the rest , '' l zaro rambled on , `` but you 're going to anyway . '' 
 gabriel appeared next to alejo and alejo punched the sat phone 's speaker button since they were away from the others and a thousand feet above coroico . 
 l zaro 's voice blared distorted out of the phone 's miniature speakers . 
 `` after they finished breakfast , i took a little stroll through the plaza to check out the sculpture exhibition , which i had not done since i 've been so darn busy at work this weekend . 
 i found , unfortunately , the statue that s?that the speaker entered in the exhibition and i am just sad that i 'm the one who had to see it and be here describing it to you . '' 
 `` i need to get back to the group . 
 can you hurry this up ? '' 
 `` i 'm getting there , '' l zaro insisted crossly . 
 `` so the guy made this humongous statue out of white plaster or something . 
 i think it 's supposed to be himself as some great benefactor . 
 he 's got himself sitting on a chair , and then around him are four little boys on the ground , looking at him . 
 there 's an older boy , like maybe twelve , sitting on the guy 's lap . 
 there 's a lot of detail in this thing , so i go closer and see that all the kids have either a little notebook or backpack with their name engraved on it . 
 like i said , wish you were here . '' 
 alejo rubbed his temple and spoke before allowing himself to think . 
 `` did any of them say ruben ? '' 
 there was a long pause , and then l zaro said , cautiously , `` now that 's freaky . 
 how did you know ? 
 that 's the kid on the guy 's lap . '' 
 alejo 's head reeled but he managed to focus , fingers digging into the phone . 
 rage filled him , and he let it , anything to keep away the tears he really did n't want gabriel seeing . 
 gabriel leaned against a fat banana plant , visually disturbed . 
 `` what are you going to do , che ? '' 
 `` i 'll call you back . '' 
 alejo flipped the phone shut and jammed it into his pocket . 
 he and gabriel stared at each other for a moment , and then alejo whirled around and began to pace . 
 fallen eucalyptus leaves perfumed the air as his sandals crushed them into the ground . 
 `` we have to move the crusade up , '' he told gabriel , still pacing . 
 `` i agree . 
 we have to do it before the trip to thailand . '' 
 alejo slammed a fist into the trunk of the banana plant , swearing loudly . 
 ruben ! 
 to think that after all this time , salazar still remembered , was still gloating . 
 and why should n't he ? 
 no one cared , no one was going to make him pay . 
 where was justice ? 
 apparently , hiding her eyes . 
 no , god is justice , and his eyes are always on the earth , to reward the righteous and punish the wicked . 
 and right now , i 'm his hands . 
 god help me if i just sit here and watch without doing something . 
 gabriel was trying to calm him down . 
 `` listen , che , i 've got all the equipment we need at boris ' house . 
 i can hike into town and find a new spot . 
 i do n't need a lot of time to do calculations . '' 
 alejo narrowed his eyes at gabriel , feeling possessed . 
 he tried to concentrate , running through the same arguments he had had with himself on too many occasions . 
 are you really thinking of killing the guy ? 
 murder is a sin . 
 yeah?but so is allowing the innocent to be hurt or killed . 
 are there other options ? 
 let the national authorities punish him according to the law ... that really had n't gone so well in the past . 
 salazar and anyone with the power to do anything were constantly scratching each others ' backs . 
 a total indifference to his activities had only made salazar more bold in breaking the law , knowing no one would care . 
 `` no . '' 
 alejo stopped in his tracks and held up one hand . 
 `` in cochabamba the sniper could easily get away . 
 it ca n't work here in coroico . '' 
 gabriel seemed crushed . 
 `` coroico is too small , '' alejo continued , `` too nosy . 
 everyone sees everything , and the population here is too small for us to avoid suspicion in the investigation . 
 but i have an idea . 
 tell me honestly if you can do this . '' 
 he explained his idea to gabriel , whose lips twitched into a smile , then broadened into a genuine grin as he received the challenge to put his considerable talents into action-now . 
 gabriel let out a low whistle and looked at alejo . 
 `` sounds great , but there 's always the possibility of more people being onsite besides just the speaker . 
 the staff , for sure , would be collateral . '' 
 `` of course , '' alejo said . 
 `` let them be collateral . 
 they know , i 'm sure of it . 
 they 're with him almost 24/7 . '' 
 `` oh , this is going to be fun ! '' 
 gabriel 's eyes were shining again , and he pounded alejo on the shoulder before turning back towards the clearing . 
 `` i 'll get some stuff from boris ' place . 
 then , i 'm going to mail a package . '' 
 gabriel marched happily back towards the khan and the other guys , probably to share the good news that they would get to be part of the operation as a bonus to the weekend . 
 alejo slowly slid down against the trunk of the sleek banana plant and buried his face into his arms . 
 8 scarlet this would never , ever happen back in ohio . 
 noah stood on the edge of a jagged black boulder , wet from bare feet to shoulder with icy spray from a nearby sixty-foot waterfall . 
 two sapphire butterflies slowly flapped their powdery wings as they rested on noah 's right bicep , inhaling droplets of water from his exposed skin with their thin black tube mouths . 
 a dozen more butterflies soared through the spray near him , dodging clouds of crystalline mist tossed off the roaring waterfall . 
 they formed a living rainbow of jade , coral , buttercup yellow , and scarlet , flitting in circles around noah 's body , landing on tobin 's and tobias ' legs . 
 l zaro from kory tours , who was working even late sunday afternoon , waited for them down below next to a basket full of fresh picked mangos and oranges for a snack before they headed back to coroico . 
 it was may , nearly winter in bolivia , but here the earth was still full of butterflies and tangled flowers . 
 if noah were home in ohio , he would probably be sprawled on the couch in sweats , watching american idol reruns and eating doritos . 
 thank you god for letting me be here . 
 bolivia is beautiful . 
 this waterfall was the third noah and the guys had visited this afternoon with l zaro in the hired kory tours pick-up truck . 
 noah now stood next to the foaming pool that formed the base of the waterfall . 
 the climb around the edge of the pool , grabbing frigid rocks for support , had been awesome ; making it to the back of the roaring waterfall , staring through the rushing water from the darkened cave behind it , had been unbelievable . 
 now the sun was beginning to drop behind the forested mountains , and the chill of wet clothes caused noah to sigh and admit that it was time to change and head back to town . 
 for a huge dinner , hopefully . 
 with all the hiking and rock-climbing they had done today , he felt that tonight he would eat like a horse . 
 and sleep like a baby . 
 `` c'mon , i think we should go . '' 
 eduardo had worked his way back from behind the falls and now stood ankle-deep in swirling water next to noah . 
 he leaned close to be heard over the pounding of water upon water . 
 `` it 's getting late . '' 
 `` sure , ok , '' noah mouthed , and gently flicked the blue butterflies off his arm , sorry to see them go . 
 the two australians had already begun to climb down the wet , slippery rocks high above the truck , baseball caps dripping water down their sun-burned faces . 
 noah slipped into the cold water , feeling the push of the uneven pebbles at the pool 's bottom against his feet . 
 being tall was an advantage in this case , and he did n't find it too difficult to discover all the handholds and make it safely back to the flat ground close to the road . 
 all of the guys pulled on the t-shirts that they had left strewn across some scrubby plants near the truck , and then sat on dry boulders in silence , eating juicy mangos , letting their soaked shorts and legs dry a little in the sun . 
 it was good they had brought kory tour 's truck instead of the jeep . 
 at least now they would n't have to get the seats of the jeep wet and squishy with their behinds . 
 noah smiled to himself , wiped his sticky fingers on the sides of his shorts , then got up and followed the guys to the truck . 
 they made sure everyone had their cameras , phones , and was wearing shoes , then swung themselves up into the bed of the rusted white pickup , sitting on the sides . 
 tobias went up front to keep l zaro company , and as soon as he had slammed the pickup door , they bumped their way back onto the road , headed to coroico . 
 `` so , what did you guys think ? '' 
 l zaro turned around to look at them through the open back window of the truck 's cab , hands casually gripping the wheel . 
 the guy 's english had a funky british accent going on ; l zaro told them he had gotten his masters in england . 
 `` are n't the falls awesome ? '' 
 `` oh my gosh , yeah , '' tobin said , practically yelling to be heard over the noise created by speeding over the uneven road . 
 `` that was the most fun i 've had in a long time . 
 kayaking yesterday was cool though , too . '' 
 `` l zaro is the man for kayaking ! '' 
 eduardo said loudly . 
 `` this guy taught me everything i know about camping . '' 
 noah and eduardo had come to coroico before and spent the day kayaking with l zaro as their guide last year . 
 it was great that l zaro had been available this year , because the guy was a lot of fun and knew everything about the great outdoors . 
 he even had a workshop in town where he brought people in from little villages around coroico and taught them how to promote the cool things in nature right in their towns for when the tourists came . 
 `` so you guys are going to cotapata tomorrow , right ? '' 
 l zaro asked , adjusting a pair of dark shades over his eyes and pulling his wool irish cap down against the glare of the setting sun . 
 his pearly teeth shone against his tan as he grinned at them in the rearview mirror . 
 `` yep , '' eduardo said . 
 `` we 're really pumped for this hike . '' 
 cotapata national park was going to be amazing . 
 a diverse ecosystem , filled with species that ranged from the giant condor to the spider monkey . 
 l zaro let up on the gas a little bit now , as coroico was getting closer and a higher speed could be risky with more vehicles on the road . 
 spiky bushes laden with tiny red coffee beans lined the road , and behind them glossy banana plants sprouted , bundles of ripening violet bananas clustering from their stalks . 
 the citric aroma of the three oranges noah had eaten wafted to his nostrils , still on his skin , and he inhaled deeply . 
 this was tropical paradise . 
 the pickup slowed down even more as they rounded a curve in the gravel and came across a girl walking along the edge of the road . 
 the long indian skirt and maroon bandana tied over her hair caused noah to stare for a second before he realized they were familiar because he was looking at wara , walking back into coroico . 
 `` hey , stop the truck ! '' 
 he called to l zaro , leaning forward to bang on the outside of the cab . 
 tiny pebbles skidded as l zaro calmly slid the truck to a stop , still to wara 's back . 
 noah leaned over the side of the truck . 
 `` tu , mujer ! '' 
 he called out in his most booming voice . 
 `` you , woman ! '' 
 eduardo , also realizing it was wara , crossed his arms and looked down at the ground , laughing . 
 wara whipped her head around with startled eyes , then her face spread into a smile when she saw who was in the back of the truck . 
 `` hey , guys ! '' 
 she said in english , waving . 
 `` you scared me ! 
 again . 
 are you heading back into town ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' noah said . 
 `` can we give you a ride ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` ok , sure . 
 i was taking a walk , but i 've been gone for a long time now and it 's staring to get dark . '' 
 she walked over to the truck and climbed up into the back before tobias could even get out of the front to offer her the more comfortable seat . 
 `` go up front ! '' 
 eduardo smiled at her , motioning for tobias to be a gentleman . 
 `` it 's dusty back here . '' 
 `` it 's fine , '' wara waved away his concern . 
 `` we 're , like , almost there . '' 
 eduardo and tobin were taking up most of the space on one of the small pickup 's sides , so wara came and sat down next to noah , tucking the fabric of her pretty skirt between her knees . 
 `` thanks , man ! 
 we can go now ! '' 
 noah called to l zaro , and the truck zoomed to life , sending gusts of wind flowing around their bodies again . 
 little strands of wara 's dark hair were tickling her face , and noah leaned forward to kiss her on the cheek and say , `` hola ! '' 
 `` hola ! '' 
 she said back , seeming a little nervous . 
 wara 's probably not used to riding in the back of pickups . 
 i should have made tobias get out of the front . 
 `` so , what have you been doing today ? '' 
 he asked her , casually balancing one of his arms on the side of the truck close to her back in case they hit a bump . 
 would n't want to lose her . 
 `` oh , well , mostly just exploring , enjoying time by myself since nazaret left this morning . 
 the martirs came to pick her up on the way to another bible conference in caranavi . 
 i just came from that really cool restaurant , villa bella . 
 ever go there ? '' 
 `` yeah , . '' 
 noah remembered . 
 `` that place run by the hippy lady and her family . 
 yoga classes upstairs . 
 in the middle of the jungle . 
 their homemade ice cream rocks ! '' 
 `` uh-huh , and it 's all organic . '' 
 wara smiled , apparently distracted from fears of falling out of the truck enough to look into noah 's eyes . 
 `` i had pineapple ice cream , and then , '' a dramatic pause , `` i got some henna tattoos . 
 just because i 'm too much of a chicken to get a real one . '' 
 her eyes twinkled , and noah realized she was n't wearing her glasses today . 
 the thought struck him that wara cadogan really was beautiful . 
 why had n't some guy snatched her up ? 
 `` wow , do we get to see , wara ? '' 
 tobin asked loudly , then flushed and cleared his throat . 
 `` i mean , depending of course on where you have them?ok , never mind . '' 
 wara raised one eyebrow , seeming to enjoy tobin putting his foot in his mouth . 
 noah could n't help but laugh . 
 `` they 're just on my hands and feet . '' 
 wara shook her head and held out a hand and a sandaled foot for viewing . 
 `` that 's where henna tattoos work the best . '' 
 before noah 's eyes could focus on the designs wara had on her feet , l zaro 's voice came from the front of the truck : `` wara cadogan ? '' 
 noah glanced over to see his tour guide/friend staring at them in the rearview mirror , jaw hanging , eyes still hidden behind the glasses . 
 l zaro knew wara ? 
 waiting for wara to answer to her name , noah turned back to her , about to say something-until he saw her face . 
 she looked as if she had just seen a phantom appear at the foot of her bed at midnight , while wide awake . 
 `` wara ? 
 eres tu ? '' 
 l zaro kept driving , but turned around to see wara himself , staring longer than was healthy when at the wheel . 
 `` is that you ? '' 
 l zaro slid off his shades , and noah heard wara gasp , audibly . 
 `` l zaro ? '' 
 she said , unsteadily . 
 `` yeah , it 's me . '' 
 l zaro sounded unnaturally cheerful , and his eyes were glued to wara in the mirror . 
 `` imagine seeing you here . '' 
 his gaze flitted to noah , and then to noah 's arm behind wara on the truck bed wall . 
 l zaro 's face blanched , and then , after a long pause , noah heard him say , `` well , dude , i 'm not sure if i should congratulate you on your choice in women . 
 i did n't know you two were together or i could have warned you about her . 
 fun for one night , you know . 
 not quite the good little missionary girl you might expect . '' 
 noah felt his neck begin to burn , shocked by the words coming from l zaro 's mouth . 
 he whipped around towards wara and saw her cheeks painted scarlet . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 she squeaked . 
 l zaro ignored her . 
 `` she 's pretty though , is n't she , noah ? '' 
 he winked into the mirror and then slid his dark glasses back on . 
 `` enjoy . '' 
 `` stop the truck ! '' 
 wara 's hoarse voice broke into noah 's pounding head , just in time to see that they were about to pass the hotel bella vista , where the girls were staying . 
 `` i 'm getting out ! '' 
 the brakes slammed to a halt in a billow of dust and l zaro muttered , `` fine . '' 
 wara was out of the back of the truck before noah could even process what had just happened . 
 she jogged into the hotel without even looking back . 
 `` wara ! '' 
 noah called after her , absolutely furious , shivering with anger . 
 l zaro had already hit the gas , but noah stood up just as the truck jerked into action and he vaulted over the side onto the gravel . 
 the momentum threw him down onto one knee with a skid , and he leaped up and raced after wara into the hotel . 
 how could he?what is l zaro 's problem ? 
 `` wara ! 
 wait ! '' 
 noah saw her disappearing down a hallway at the back of the hotel , and he slid on the tile past a fountain and managed to stop just outside the door to her room , which slammed shut in his face . 
 muffled , gasping sobs came from inside the door , and noah froze . 
 he was angry . 
 really angry . 
 trying to compose himself , he knocked loudly on the door . 
 `` wara?please . 
 i ca n't believe he would say that . 
 do you want me to go beat the jerk up ? 
 we actually?he was our tour guide . 
 i know where he lives . 
 i 'll go ? '' 
 `` noah , just go away ! '' 
 wara wailed from inside , voice muffled through the thick wooden door . 
 `` i 'm going home , to cochabamba ! 
 right now ! '' 
 `` i 'll ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry?i ca n't . 
 go away ! '' 
 she 's really serious . 
 but i 'm not letting her get on some bus or taxi alone , like this . 
 noah glanced around the empty hallway , dripping all over the hotel 's wooden parquet floor and staring at the turquoise grout in between the red tiles on the wall . 
 i 'll go back with her . 
 i do n't need to go to cotapata with the guys . 
 wara was n't going to be in the mood to discuss this at the moment ; in fact , noah could imagine her inside the hotel room , angrily throwing clothes into her purple backpack , ready to leave this place forever . 
 breaking into a run , noah bounded down the hotel 's steps three at a time and spun out onto the street . 
 he sprinted across the plaza towards his hostel to get his stuff , face still burning , images of his fist connecting with l zaro 's jawbone flashing through his mind . 
 he had better be done dropping the guys off by the time i get to the hostel , or i may have to do time in a bolivian jail for assault , noah raged . 
 what happened ? 
 i thought l zaro was a nice guy , and suddenly he turned into a lying idiot . 
 bolivian jail was n't on the menu today ; the white pickup truck was nowhere in sight when noah burst through the door of his hostel , panting like some rabid tourist from the wild . 
 he jammed the key into the lock of his room and stuffed his few clothes , in various states of muddiness , into his backpack . 
 pulling on his last pair of dry pants , noah slammed the door of their room shut and half-ran down the hall again , while dialing eduardo 's number on his cell . 
 eduardo , and the australians in the background , protested from the mexican restaurant where they had been dropped off that noah should n't miss out on their trip to cotapata just because l zaro had suddenly become a moron . 
 `` thanks guys , but i 've got to go with her , ok ? 
 sorry . 
 i 'll catch you later . '' 
 `` alright , sure . 
 we 'll miss you , man . 
 it wo n't be the same without you . '' 
 noah flipped the phone shut just as he rounded the corner into the plaza , right on the street where all the buses parked before they took off for la paz . 
 wara would need to get to la paz first , then take another bus to cochabamba . 
 at the moment , the street was dark and empty under the glowing street lamps . 
 the pharmacy where he knew they sometimes sold bus tickets when the agency was closed on sundays still had its door open , and noah could see that a man in a white lab coat was rearranging bottles behind the counter . 
 he jogged over and burst in , gasping , `` buenas noches ! 
 are there any buses to la paz tonight ? '' 
 `` no , no buses tonight , '' the elderly man answered his inquiry . 
 the scent of mint pomade and syrupy orange made noah 's head buzz . 
 `` the agencies do n't want to take passengers out this late , you know . 
 not safe on that road . '' 
 oh yeah . 
 the road of death . 
 `` but buses do leave at night sometimes , do n't they ? '' 
 noah really hoped he could help wara out . 
 `` i think i rode a bus to la paz after dark one time . '' 
 `` there is that one bus , parked down there by the store . '' 
 when noah looked lost , the man came around the glass display counter and walked with noah over to the door , pointing a block to the north . 
 `` that 's a chartered bus that some group is going back to la paz in tonight . 
 the driver is over there , smoking , just outside the door . 
 maybe you could talk with him . '' 
 `` thank you very much . '' 
 noah shook the man 's leathery hand , and backed out of the pharmacy , destination medium-sized bus near the store . 
 just like the pharmacy guy said , the driver was sitting on a rubber step of the bus , smoking , wearing a cheap brown sweater and scuffed leather shoes . 
 `` can we buy a ride on this bus ? '' 
 noah asked him , trying not to appear crazed and breathless after so much running around . 
 `` for me and one other person . 
 do you have room ? '' 
 the man took a drag of his cigarette and sized noah up . 
 `` we have lots of room . 
 this bus was hired to take a certain group of people back to la paz tonight . 
 but the tickets would be expensive , so we do n't have many other passengers . '' 
 `` that 's fine , '' noah said , willing to shell out the few dollars more . 
 he could n't forget wara 's white face when l zaro had said all that crap . 
 `` how much ? '' 
 `` eighty bolivianos , '' the driver said , after a pause . 
 `` each . '' 
 noah peeled the bills out of an outer pocket of his backpack that was still dry . 
 `` what time does it leave ? '' 
 he realized he should have asked first . 
 `` right now , '' the man said , though no one else seemed to be around . 
 the bus driver shuffled up the stairs into the bus and reappeared with a ticket book , where he made noah print the two passengers ' names and identification numbers . 
 he scribbled his passport number , and then totally made up a number for wara , since he had no idea what her passport number was and at the moment really did n't care . 
 `` eight o'clock . 
 en punto , '' the driver said , carefully ripping the tickets off and passing them to noah . 
 `` on the dot . '' 
 `` sure , '' noah replied distractedly , wondering if wara would show up by then . 
 what if she did n't come ? 
 he should get back to the plaza so he would n't miss her . 
 noah walked back to the plaza , ignoring the tempting aroma of frying hamburgers from a silver food cart on the corner . 
 a group of well-dressed people , laughing together in muted tones , passed him , headed towards the bus . 
 noah felt a moment of panic . 
 what if the last bus out tonight left without them ? 
 right then , like magic , wara came towards him across the plaza , nearly flying . 
 she was wearing jeans instead of that beautiful skirt and noah would have recognized that light blue alpaca sweater anywhere . 
 how long had wara had it , three , four years ? 
 noah slid down onto an empty bench right in her path , feet planted on the ground , really hoping she would n't be angry . 
 `` hey , '' he said , as wara stopped cold in front of him . 
 she looked devastated , red eyes visible even in the dim lighting of the plaza . 
 `` please do n't be mad , but i got some bus tickets for us . 
 it was n't easy , cause , like , no buses were going out tonight , but i found a special one that i think will be really nice . 
 it 's leaving right now . '' 
 wara 's mouth opened and then snapped shut . 
 she stared at the two tickets noah clutched in his hand . 
 `` i 'm gon na go back to cochabamba with you , '' he added , just in case he had forgotten to mention that part of his plan . 
 `` i just did n't want you to go all alone . '' 
 he paused , noticing her lip was quivering . 
 `` are you mad ? '' 
 wara burst into tears , and then tried to hide it by taking a deep breath . 
 `` but?your trip ? '' 
 `` who cares ? '' 
 noah shrugged . 
 `` another time . '' 
 he got up and held out his hand for wara to hand him her backpack . 
 `` c'mon , i think i saw the guys who hired this bus heading over there , so we 'd better hurry up . '' 
 amazingly , wara allowed herself to be led over to the bus , whose engine was now purring lustily , and they climbed up the steps into the darkened interior . 
 inside , the bus was only about a third full , most of the people sitting towards the back in a group , settling in for a nap on the way back to the capital . 
 the men wore slick jackets with dress shirts , and most of the women seemed to be wearing pantsuits of some kind . 
 probably the group who chartered the bus . 
 not very comfortable clothes for traveling . 
 noah squinted at their tickets , and then found the seat numbers on the right side , pretty near the front . 
 he put wara 's purple backpack under the seat by the window , and then he waited , a little nervously , for wara to get into her seat first . 
 she 's not talking to me . 
 is she mad ? 
 of course she 's mad -- the stuff l zaro said ! 
 that idiotic jerk . 
 why would he spout off like that about wara ? 
 noah felt his face get hot again as he slid into his spot next to the aisle and he wondered how wara could be so quiet . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 he heard wara 's broken voice echo in his brain , and he leaned back into his seat with a sigh . 
 oh god , i really need some help right now , cause i 'm really angry . 
 help me to love my enemy-that 's who our psychopathic tour guide has suddenly morphed into-and make this sudden turn of events work according to your plan . 
 noah turned his eyes to wara , and saw , with a twist of his heart , that she had leaned forward to rest her forehead against the velvet seat back in front of her , tears sliding silently down her cheeks and dripping onto the floor . 
 9 silver never before had wara truely understood the expression `` i wanted to crawl into a hole and die . '' 
 noah sat next to her , and she wanted to die , just die . 
 what was he even doing here ? 
 nothing was ever going to be ok between them ever again . 
 she barely noticed as the last of the passengers filed onto the bus , sitting somewhere behind her and noah . 
 good . 
 her eyes were so bloodshot and swollen from sobbing in the hotel room that she could n't even pretend to be civil to anyone in the mood to talk . 
 wara stared out the window , nervously winding her foot up in the strap of her backpack under the seat , again feeling her eyes sting . 
 `` she 's a lot of fun for one night . 
 not the good little missionary girl you may imagine?enjoy ! '' 
 his voice ran through her head without her permission , and wara blinked away the tears , truly wishing for that dark hole and covers to pull over her head and hide -- forever . 
 with a soft hiss , the bus door closed and the vehicle rumbled to life . 
 she sat in a daze as the bus began to crawl its way along the narrow , darkened streets , leaving coroico behind . 
 the hum of the highway enveloped them and wara slumped forward against the seat back , miserable . 
 she knew he was there and was going to say something eventually , but she actually jumped when noah 's voice broke the silence . 
 `` i ca n't believe l zaro would just make up all that stuff about you , '' he spat . 
 she glanced at him for a millisecond and saw that his jaw was squared , eyes stormy . 
 `` i mean , what is his problem ? 
 this is the second time we used his tour group to do stuff here in coroico , and i thought the guy was cool . 
 how in the world did he ? '' 
 the look on wara 's face must have cut him off . 
 noah thinks l zaro made it all up . 
 her heart broke then and she felt herself staring at him , pale in the moonlight streaming through the window . 
 `` it was n't a lie . '' 
 she nearly gagged on the words . 
 `` i used to date him . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 noah blinked . 
 wara felt her face crumple . 
 `` oh , noah ! 
 why did you come with me ? 
 you should have stayed?do you want to go back ? 
 we 're barely out of town . '' 
 now she was blubbering , but the memory of everything was taking over : the things l zaro said . 
 things that had happened that first year . 
 `` no . 
 there 's no way i 'm letting you stay on this bus yourself . '' 
 noah still seemed a little stunned by what she had just said . 
 `` you used to date l zaro ? '' 
 `` for like six weeks . 
 the first year i lived in cochabamba . 
 we met at a church youth thing . '' 
 this breath , this space in the universe she now occupied next to noah , who she loved and had to confess these things to , was without question the worst moment in her life . 
 if she could just say what had happened , she might curl into the seat and die in peace , next to noah . 
 `` so one night , '' she mumbled , `` i had too much to drink . '' 
 like the other night . 
 for a little while , wara had totally forgotten about that lovely scene at caf paris . 
 new waves of shame washed over her . 
 her hands twisted the hem of her sweater into a pulp . 
 `` and it was like he said . 
 that night was the last time i saw him?because i could n't handle seeing him after what happened . '' 
 she was telling all this to the velvet pattern on the back of the seat , terrified to look at noah and see his disgust . 
 he was n't looking at the girl he thought he knew , and now he realized the truth about her . 
 `` wara , '' he started , but she cut him off , laughing breathlessly . 
 `` and that 's not everything ! 
 the morning after it happened , we were supposed to fly to puerto rico together for his brother 's wedding . 
 he made such a big deal about it , because he said he 'd never had a ` nice ' girlfriend before to take home to meet his family and he knew his mom was going to be all proud of him . 
 l zaro 's parents even paid for our tickets . '' 
 wara felt dizzy , and she squeezed her eyes shut . 
 had she really done all this ? 
 she 'd spent so long trying not to think about it , pretending she was the kind of person who would never act this way . 
 but it was all true . 
 she licked her lips , determined to finish the story . 
 `` so , the last night i saw l zaro , he gave me five thousand dollars for the trip , just to keep for him because in the morning he had to stop in the market and get a present for his mom and he did n't want to get robbed there on the way to the airport . 
 and?he also gave me the diamond wedding ring for his brother 's wife . 
 she had him buy it in bolivia , because it was cheaper than in puerto rico . 
 that was at dinner . 
 but later , i felt so horrible about everything that i never showed up to go to puerto rico in the morning . 
 i just stood l zaro up at the airport . 
 i went to montana for four months and never talked to him again . 
 when i came back to cochabamba he was gone . 
 i just ran away from him , because it was easier to just not think about it . 
 never gave him back the money and the ring . 
 he definitely hates me now . '' 
 there , she 'd told him everything . 
 there was a giant split somewhere inside her heart : this adventurous girl who loved languages and jesus and living here in bolivia . 
 and then , on the dark side , this liar who had slept with a guy while working as a missionary and never had the guts to face him afterwards . 
 she felt like she had just turned herself inside out , here on this bus in front of noah : the rotten inside she always kept hidden from the world was now revealed , stinking up this bus , her entire life . 
 noah was speaking , but focusing on his voice was a struggle . 
 `` but you repented . '' 
 the tone was a statement , not a question . 
 `` and god forgave you . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 wara shrugged weakly . 
 `` but it does n't feel like it . '' 
 noah pulled wara 's chin up with one finger , until her face was tilted towards his . 
 `` c'mon , look at me ! '' 
 he insisted . 
 wara tried , but abject humiliation would n't let her eyes connect with his . 
 `` in that story jesus told , '' he said , `` the father took his son back after he spent everything in wild living , like we all do . '' 
 noah took both of wara 's hands in his and leaned in closer . 
 `` but when the son came back , the father did n't just let him slave away as a servant . 
 he threw a party . 
 he loves you , wara . 
 you 're back . '' 
 noah 's adam 's apple bobbed and he paused , gazing out the window behind wara , seemingly lost in thought . 
 a moment later his eyes rounded and he jerked his gaze back to her . 
 his grip on her hands tightened . 
 and he was staring at her . 
 wide-eyed and staring . 
 `` i have something to give you , '' he finally said , releasing her hands hastily and digging around in his pocket . 
 wara 's gaze spiraled to the floor , still dizzy with shame in spite of noah 's reminder that she was forgiven . 
 nice words , yeah . 
 god could forgive , but how could he ever feel same about her , seeing what she had done ? 
 it was one thing to not punish her for her sins , and quite another to still like her , to want to spend time with her . 
 the same for noah . 
 he was witness to her worst moment . 
 maybe several worst moments . 
 he could still be nice , but he would never look at her without thinking about?that . 
 her heart was aching when she felt noah slide closer , wrapping one long arm around her shoulder . 
 wara inhaled sharply and met his eyes , completely confused . 
 noah was touching her ? 
 he was supposed to be repulsed . 
 he sat like that in silence for a full minute , eyes flickering , obviously running through something in his head . 
 then he slid his arm from her shoulder and scooted back to his own seat , fist tightly closed around something in his left hand . 
 `` i have something to?to ask you , '' he announced , and the goofy grin that began to spread across his face caused wara to blink . 
 `` now might not be a good time . 
 in fact , you just might kill me . 
 but we 've known each other for a really long time now , so i just ? '' 
 noah 's voice faltered and wara sniffed , completely mystified . 
 he better not be about to ask me advice about some sin problem he has , now that we 're on the subject and he happens to have a friend here who is quite familiar with sinfulness ! '' ? 
 i just have this?for you , '' noah was going on . 
 `` feel free to laugh at me , as long as it makes you feel better . '' 
 wara 's eyes focused blankly on a silver ring engraved with arabic letters that noah was holding out towards her , glimmering in the faint light from the front of the bus . 
 `` wara , i ? '' 
 noah shot her a lopsided smile and murmured to himself , `` you 're doing this all wrong . '' 
 he leaped to his feet , almost banging his head on the bus 's dark ceiling , and managed to get down on one knee in the aisle . 
 wara 's eyes popped and flashed between the silver ring and noah . 
 what ? 
 had he gone crazy ? 
 `` ok , now i 'm sweating , '' noah said , rubbing a hand across his face and sucking in a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm kind of messing this up . 
 this ring is something i got in egypt when i studied there for a semester when i was twenty . 
 i kept it for a while , to give to the unlucky girl i will attempt to trick into dating and then marrying me . 
 it says , '' noah held the ring out towards wara again , on one shaking palm , '' ` my beloved is mine and i am his ' . 
 i wanted to ask you if you would consider thinking of me like that?if you would like to be with me?get to know me?think about marrying me someday ! 
 if you did n't get sick of me while we 're dating , you know . '' 
 noah 's hands were shaking , though he tried to smile , and he actually seemed on the verge of tears . 
 wara 's jaw went slack as noah quickly added , `` i mean , you do n't have to decide right now , but i would like us to get to know each other . 
 i want to be with you , wara ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 you ca n't . 
 how could you ? '' 
 wara tried in vain to think of something to say , jerking around in her seat as scattered applause broke out from the back of the bus . 
 they were watching ! 
 why was noah on his knees ? 
 he 's crazy ! 
 he said he wanted to be with me ? 
 is this a joke ? 
 it 's not a joke-he 's sweating and waiting for me to answer ! 
 he looks like he really?still likes me ? 
 in reality , noah 's eyes said that he still loved her . 
 `` of course , i love you , '' wara blurted . 
 `` but how could you ? '' 
 `` ssshhh ? '' 
 noah hauled himself out of his scrunched up position in the aisle , laughing but looking stricken . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 you actually love me ? '' 
 noah sat down next to her again , and wara gaped at him , dumbstruck . 
 she nodded . 
 `` ok then , '' he said nervously . 
 for a moment no one spoke , and wara 's heart pounded in her ears like a tom-tom . 
 `` we , my dear , have a lot to talk about . 
 but not now . 
 let 's just rest , ok . 
 come here?just rest . '' 
 noah put his arm around her tentatively , watching her to make sure it as ok . 
 as he pulled her close , he slid the silver ring on her finger and squeezed her hand . 
 all wara could do was lean against him in an amazed stupor , thinking this could not be real . 
 `` everyone in the world is desperate for grace . '' 
 the quote from a book wara had read this year exploded in her mind like sparkling firecrackers . 
 `` this is what 's unique about christianity : grace . 
 no other religion has a god who gives grace . '' 
 her heart was thudding against her ribs , but her eyelids drooped . 
 wara leaned back against the seat , noah 's arm around her , and her heart slowed until she finally fell asleep . 
 she came to consciousness as if in a dream . 
 a roaring heat swallowed her and something solid and icy smacked her in the head . 
 wara 's eyes flew open as wide as they had ever opened in her life , and what she saw was a mountain of writhing silver flames . 
 and then it was gone . 
 she tried to grab on to something , but it was like a nightmare catapult flung her into space . 
 the flames spiraled overhead again and she opened her mouth to scream , hearing only a sickening crunch of metal and glass shattering around her like crystal rain . 
 the flaming bus lifted off the ground over her head and hurdled away with a whoosh of fire and wara realized she had fallen out of the window of the bus onto her back . 
 just like that , there was nothing but the star-studded sky overhead and the most awful sound wara had ever heard in her life : metal punching against boulders as the bus rolled down the ravine . 
 screams echoed for a few seconds , and then another explosion battered the ground and all was deathly quiet . 
 wara began to shake . 
 she did n't know if she was dying , but this had to be what dying felt like . 
 there had been an accident , and?where was noah ? 
 she had to see if she could get up , because noah had been right beside her , and he had to be right beside her still . 
 she tried to roll onto one side and was terrified to feel her head weighed about a hundred pounds . 
 she could barely move . 
 gasping for breath , wara forced her eyes to the drop-off where the entire bus had disappeared . 
 to her left was an expanse of flat ground and spiky , clumped grass . 
 she struggled to turn her head to the right and laid her cheek against the cold gravel . 
 shadowy trees bent over the ravine , dipping low in the wind towards death below . 
 there was no one there . 
 wara sprawled on the edge of the cliff , eyes unseeing , until everything faded into darkness . 
 10 midnight blue alejo was stretched out on the floor of the tent on his stomach , trying to ignore stalin 's noisy snoring , eyes boring into the darkness and having absolutely no success at sleep . 
 the sat phone 's glowing display said it was nearly midnight , and the clearing that held their tents buzzed with cicadas and singing frogs and the forest 's pulsating hum . 
 a snap cracked above the quiet chorus , and alejo jerked his head up . 
 he recognized the raucous voices that floated into the clearing as belonging to the paraguayans and bolted to his feet . 
 he unlatched the opening to the tent and jogged across the darkened clearing towards the group who was just exiting the forest . 
 gabriel and some of the guys had made the hike down towards the spot where the bus should have gone over , anxious to see the results of the hastily-planned operation . 
 it was too early for any news on the radio they had stashed with the supplies ; the heavy tropical growth down the sides of the mountain was so thick that no one passing by would even notice the bus had crashed , unless the explosion had left a pile of debris next to the highway . 
 gabriel had n't wanted any tell-tale signs left over that the accident had n't really been accidental , and so had moved in to check the scene . 
 `` hey . '' 
 alejo made out gabriel 's pale face at the front of the line . 
 he was relived to see that his friend seemed pleased . 
 `` two questions : is he dead , and does it look like an accident ? '' 
 `` 99.9 % probability , and yes , check , '' gabriel said merrily . 
 some of the others , william and marco , drew up next to gabriel , laughing too loudly , and snickering something to the guys behind them . 
 alejo finally made out the dark forms of christian , daniel , and osmar strolling casually out of the forest , hauling something between them . 
 something that had the shape of a human . 
 frowning sharply , alejo opened his mouth just as they dropped their burden to the dewy grass . 
 the person rolled over , moaning , and a head with long tresses turned to one side , revealing a white face streaked with blood . 
 alejo swore , immediately understanding what was going on . 
 he glared at all of them , including gabriel . 
 `` what were you thinking , bringing her here ? 
 she survived ? '' 
 `` yeah , she was on the bus , '' gabriel explained , happiness slightly subdued . 
 alejo noticed gabriel was carrying a purple backpack that obviously did n't belong to him , which he carelessly slung to the ground . 
 the girl moaned again and then her eyes slit open . 
 she thrashed one way and then the other , then flew up to a sitting position with a loud gasp and yelled , `` noah ! '' 
 noah ? 
 not a bolivian name . 
 `` she 's american , '' christian grinned , crooked teeth visible in the darkness . 
 `` passport in her bag . '' 
 alejo 's heart took a nose dive . 
 not one of salazar 's staff . 
 how many others ? 
 `` yeah , this is cool , huh ? '' 
 william continued the jittery prattling from alejo 's left . 
 `` we just thought you might want to share in the spoils of victory . '' 
 a few lewd comments rumbled from around the circle of men , and the american girl looked up sharply , terrified . 
 `` i w-w-was in a bus accident , '' she managed to say , in perfect spanish . 
 `` where am i ? 
 my friend was also on the bus-did you see anyone else ? '' 
 she looked around frantically , trying to get up but obviously lightheaded . 
 `` you were n't in no bus accident , sweetheart , '' william drawled , reaching out to touch her dark hair . 
 `` your bus has been bombed ? '' 
 `` basta ! '' 
 alejo snapped , pushing william back hard . 
 `` enough . '' 
 `` bombed ? '' 
 the girl 's voice faltered . 
 alejo clenched his fist and fought the urge to knock william out . 
 they should have left any survivors on the road , so they could get to help . 
 now , instead , the girl was here , in the hands of some very unsafe men , himself included . 
 alejo 's plans had n't included this possibility . 
 how could anyone have survived the explosion ? 
 this girl did n't even seem to be burned . 
 stalin , long hair fuzzy around his very sleepy face , had by now joined the rest of the guys , who stood leering and making savage jokes . 
 he rubbed his eyes , then slowly grinned , offering a hand to help the girl up from the dirt . 
 `` come on , '' he said , helping her stand up by his side . 
 `` you guys should n't talk that way around a lady . 
 it 's not her fault she ended up here with all of us . 
 was n't supposed to happen . '' 
 `` oh , cut it out , stalin ! '' 
 christian grinned . 
 `` always such a gentleman . 
 she 's going to die anyway . 
 she 's a witness . 
 we thought we might as well bring her up to join us for the party in honor of our last night in coroico . '' 
 alejo 's mind seemed full of sludge . 
 there were n't supposed to be other people on the bus . 
 only salazar and his staff . 
 but you did n't know that for sure , did you ? 
 an accusing voice bit back at him . 
 there could have been children on that bus . 
 your own family could have been on there . 
 acid scalded alejo 's stomach and he took a deep breath . 
 the girl was on the point of tears , looking all around , trying to find something . 
 or someone . 
 alejo 's mind cleared and he decided what he was going to do . 
 marching over towards stalin , alejo motioned for him to move out of the way . 
 he looped an arm under the girl 's arms and dragged her smoothly to her feet , anchoring her back against his chest . 
 her weight sagged against him , so weak she could barely protest . 
 with his free hand , alejo forced the girl 's face to tip backwards so he could see her . 
 he could feel her lower jaw trembling in his palm , and large honey-colored eyes with thick lashes met his , runny with tears . 
 alejo allowed himself to grin wolfishly . 
 then he glared at the guys who were still leering at their prisoner . 
 `` if anyone 's having any fun here tonight , it 's me . 
 sadly for all of you , i am in charge , and unless you want to have your salaries cut off by the khan himself i need all of you to get your rears back to your tents and sleep-now . 
 we 'll start tomorrow at six . 
 last session before it 's over . '' 
 alejo felt the girl 's rapid breathing as he set his jaw and pulled her back tighter against his chest . 
 a chorus of complaints arose around him , which he ignored , turning towards gabriel with a wink . 
 `` good work everyone . 
 especially you , gabo . '' 
 gabriel was staring at alejo slack-jawed as the rest of the guys gave up and whirled around to head towards their tents , muttering bitterly . 
 alejo motioned towards the purple backpack with his chin , and said , `` pass me that , will you , gabo ? 
 she and i are going to retire . '' 
 gabriel picked up the backpack and passed it over . 
 `` sorry , '' gabriel barely whispered as he leaned closer . 
 `` the other guys made me bring her . 
 but she would have had to go anyway . 
 she 's a witness . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 everything 's going to work out . '' 
 alejo winked again and then said a little louder , `` you did it . 
 it worked . '' 
 `` thanks , '' gabriel said , glowing expression admitting he enjoyed the praise . 
 the girl began to squirm feebly against alejo . 
 `` what are you guys talking about ? 
 please , my friend might still be around and i have to go back ?! '' 
 alejo plugged the girl 's mouth tightly with his hand and started towards his tent , dragging her in front of him and really hoping she would n't bite . 
 `` good night ! '' 
 he called to gabriel , then raised his voice as he approached the tent . 
 `` stalin ! 
 get your butt out here with your sleeping bag . 
 bad news -- you 're going over to bunk with benjamin . '' 
 alejo ripped open the entrance to his large tent as he heard a low moan and `` awww , man ! 
 alright . '' 
 grumbling , stalin gathered up his sleeping bag and pillow , then grabbed his bottle of antacids and the ridiculous stuffed snoopy that he insisted on bringing along on every trip . 
 alejo and the girl ducked inside his tent , which was lit by a camping lantern perched on a box they always left up here in the clearing . 
 still keeping her tightly in his grip , he cautiously slid his hand off her mouth , waiting for stalin to leave . 
 she sucked in air with a shudder , still sagging against alejo . 
 stalin passed by them on his way to the door . 
 he managed to free one hand from his mass of possessions and held it out to the surviving girl , rather sadly . 
 `` the guys say your passport says you 're a missionary , senorita . 
 i admire the way you missionaries share what you believe , far away from home . '' 
 stalin sighed dramatically and then ran a finger down the girl 's bloodied cheek , almost guiltily . 
 `` i do n't think you 'll be here much longer , but if anyone ever deserved to go through those heavenly gates , i think it would be you . '' 
 `` wait ! 
 please ?? '' 
 wara tried to reach after stalin as he darted out the door . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 she screamed again , and alejo clamped his hand over her mouth and growled lowly into her ear . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you , ok ? 
 stop yelling . 
 i need everyone else in their tents , where they wo n't be paying any attention to you . '' 
 he removed his hand from her mouth , then scooped her up and carried her , kicking and struggling , towards his rumpled sleeping bag . 
 `` you 've got to lay down ! '' 
 he insisted , inwardly kicking himself because he knew he was scaring her to death . 
 `` you were in an accident , ok ? 
 i 've got to see how badly you 're hurt . 
 you probably have a concussion , so you need to hold still . '' 
 he tried to keep his tone calm , because the usual way he barked out orders was probably not going to make this girl stop kicking . 
 she stiffened , then curled up on the sleeping bag , eyes squeezed shut . 
 in the light of the tent 's lamp , alejo took in his captive 's dusty jeans and sweater . 
 her dark hair , coated with a fine film of dust , was streaked with burgundy highlights and scattered around her shoulders . 
 with tan skin and light brown eyes , she did n't look like the typical north american girl . 
 alejo slid to the floor of the tent , one knee in the air , and let out a long sigh . 
 after deliberation he finally said , `` i 'm sorry for the crudeness outside , but i just wanted to get you in here to keep you away from the other guys . 
 ok ? '' 
 she slit her eyes open and searched his face , as if wanting to believe him , then gave up and curled back up in a ball . 
 he did a double take , noticing the girl had coffee-colored , indian-style tattoos on her palms . 
 henna . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` wara , '' she muttered . 
 alejo was surprised to hear a bolivian name . 
 aymara language . 
 means `` star . '' 
 a gold star ring twinkled in the america girl 's nose . 
 `` why do you have a name from bolivia ? '' 
 he saw her swallow , hard . 
 `` my grandpa was a missionary , too . 
 in peru . 
 he married a quechua lady . 
 my parents let my grandma name me and she gave me a native name . '' 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 alejo felt himself staring . 
 the girl 's explanation of her name had suddenly brought it home : she was very real , with a very real family somewhere who would miss her if alejo just killed her here in cold blood . 
 `` i have a medical kit , '' he said hoarsely . 
 `` cuts from broken glass ? '' 
 he sounded like an idiot . 
 his team needed him to kill this girl . 
 for the mission , he had to kill this girl . 
 and he was asking her if she needed band-aids . 
 she glared at him then , jaw clenched with anger . 
 `` why do you care ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` my best friend was sitting right next to me , and if you did n't find him he could be dead . 
 what have you done ? '' 
 her tone rose frantically , and she curled up tighter on his sleeping bag . 
 alejo 's stomach burned at her words ; the others on the bus had almost certainly been taken out , but he could n't think about if salazar was gone or not until he heard the news that the body was found . 
 if they ever found a body . 
 alejo stared at this girl with the nose ring in his tent and saw a life he had just utterly devastated . 
 `` who else was on the bus ? '' 
 he asked against his better judgment . 
 his mouth was bone dry . 
 wara stared at the olive wall of the tent , obviously exhausted by her tirade . 
 `` i was?with noah . 
 i did n't really pay attention . 
 there were a bunch of people in the back in suits and then some more people came on at the last minute . '' 
 alejo felt sick . 
 more people possibly unrelated to salazar . 
 and this girl in front of him . 
 wara . 
 uncontrollable nausea welled up in the pit of alejo 's stomach , and he knew there was no holding it in . 
 `` excuse me , '' he told the girl briefly , then ripped open the door to the tent and ran outside into a nearby cluster of banana plants . 
 he threw up until there was nothing left , then wiped his chin on his t-shirt . 
 alejo sank down onto the ground with a clear view of his tent , still feeling sick and undone . 
 thankfully , it looked like everyone was in their tents snoring . 
 no one had seen him out here vomiting . 
 sucking in a slow breath , alejo tried to clear his mind and think . 
 if he helped the girl leave this place alive , he would have to leave the prism . 
 forever . 
 the guys could even be sent after him to kill him . 
 and then look for his family . 
 she would have to leave and never come back , always look over her shoulder . 
 and she would tell the authorities everything . 
 thank god the khan is gone . 
 l zaro had met him in the jungle near boris ' house tonight , and the two were driving to la paz in l zaro 's chartreuse brasilia . 
 ishmael was off to peru , then home to peshawar . 
 if ishmael were here , she 'd be dead already . 
 this time alejo felt he had no plan . 
 there was always a price to pay , he 'd learned , for doing what was right . 
 this time , the payment might have to be wara , the american missionary girl . 
 11 coffee she must be shock . 
 she had to be , because how else could she keep breathing , how else could she even think , when noah might be dead . 
 she was sprawled on a sleeping bag in some tent , captured by some dangerous guys who had probably made her bus crash and killed noah . 
 no ! 
 she forced herself to erase that thought , scrub the eraser madly across the pencil lines on the page until it was gone altogether . 
 that could n't be right . 
 noah had to be just fine . 
 and it was good he was n't here , with these awful guys who had threatened wara outside . 
 she closed her eyes against the cool material of the sleeping bag , feeling sick and dizzy , but surprisingly , not in pain . 
 the thought crossed her mind that she could just get up and walk out of here , but she was sure they would catch her . 
 thoughts of noah in the bus at the bottom of the ravine paralyzed her , filling her body with lead . 
 the door of the tent rustled and the guy came back in , brooding and dangerous looking , with stormy hazel eyes . 
 she blinked , noticing he was n't wearing a t-shirt anymore . 
 the guy looked about her age , maybe five ten , wearing khaki pants with pockets everywhere and leather sandals . 
 wara cringed , because she knew whoever these guys were , this one was the leader . 
 she 'd heard how he 'd ordered the guys around outside , sending them away mumbling with muted curses . 
 and now she was stuck here with him . 
 who in the world were these guys , and where was she ? 
 what happened ? 
 the haze in wara 's mind suddenly drifted away and she dragged herself to sitting . 
 the guy with coffee-colored skin stalked over to a backpack in the corner , yanked out a gray t-shirt and pulled it over his head . 
 he eyed her , then lowered himself to sitting at the other end of the sleeping bag . 
 `` my name is paulo , '' he said . 
 `` you should sleep . '' 
 there was no way she felt like going to sleep right now . 
 in this tent , with him . 
 `` someone said something about a bomb , '' she blurted out , needing to understand what kind of situation she was in here . 
 `` please at least tell me what 's going on . '' 
 paulo pressed his lips together and folded his arms across his chest , looking even more dangerous . 
 wara fought not to shrink back . 
 `` there was a bomb on the bus , '' he said finally . 
 `` it was in a package that we mailed freight to la paz . 
 you and noah had nothing to do with it . 
 you were an accident . 
 you were n't supposed to be there . '' 
 wara stared , dumbfounded . 
 `` but , why ? 
 why would you?what ?? '' 
 how could she say , why did you do this to us ? 
 paulo sighed . 
 `` there are a lot of things i ca n't explain to you . 
 you were n't supposed to be there , but you were . 
 and now you 're a witness . '' 
 icy fingers ran down wara 's arms . 
 so , what ? 
 they were just going to kill her ? 
 `` so you 're just planning on killing me too . 
 like right now ? 
 what are you waiting for ? '' 
 that came out sounding much too hysterical , but wara was really scared . 
 paulo 's eyebrows lowered even more and he uncrossed his legs and rested his forearms on raised knees . 
 `` i would have had the guys just leave you on the road , for someone to find and take to the hospital . 
 you never would have known a thing . '' 
 was it her imagination or did he actually wince hearing his own words ? 
 `` but you got brought here , '' he continued , `` and so now everything is more complicated . 
 if we let you go , that causes some major problems for us . 
 i 'm going to do the best i can to think up a solution for this , ok ? 
 but no promises . '' 
 she just then noticed that this guy called paulo had a water bottle in one hand , which he held out to her . 
 `` take these . '' 
 wara felt her eyes narrow in suspicion at the sight of two huge white pills on his palm . 
 `` it 's ibuprofen , '' he said , mouth twisting wryly . 
 she took the medicine silently , draining half a bottle of water . 
 she was so thirsty . 
 `` you 're sure you 're not bleeding ? '' 
 the question made her furious as she thought about noah : where he was , if he was hurt right now . 
 bleeding . 
 she was just fine . 
 for now . 
 but when paulo pulled on a sweater and stretched himself out on the tent floor as if to sleep , claustrophobia set in . 
 `` i 'll have to wake you up every hour , '' he informed her . 
 `` since you could have a concussion . 
 and just so you know , we have motion detectors around our camp . 
 do n't try to escape . 
 we 'll catch you . '' 
 and paulo switched off the camping lamp . 
 it was pitch black in the tent , but she heard his even breathing , imagined him already sleeping , not affected at all by the way he had just destroyed her life . 
 sorrow gripped her chest like a vise and she let herself sink back into the sleeping bag . 
 she twisted the silver ring on her finger , feeling she was really in a dream . 
 in the real world , girls like her did n't survive bus crashes and get dragged off by a bunch of crazy guys as their prisoner . 
 in the real world , nice guys like noah did n't still love girls like her when they found out who they really were . 
 or give them silver rings . 
 noah . 
 oh noah . 
 how could you do that ? 
 she felt herself sinking into the ground , asleep in the tent somewhere under the stars , and in her dreams she was back in cochabamba in caf amara with noah . 
 it was three in the afternoon a few months ago , and the caf was nearly empty . 
 bittersweet chocolate and coffee from coroico scented the air , fairly dripping from the lime green silk plastered on the walls . 
 sweet corn mixed with white cheese and anise wafted from the kitchen , where dona filomena , the quechua lady who wore perpetual smile creases around her obsidian eyes , was boiling humintas in an enormous dented pot . 
 wara always imagined her in there , praying under her breath in tongues while she cooked or washed dishes , wide velvet pollera skirt swaying against the counter . 
 across from wara at a smooth wooden table , noah looked up from his toshiba tablet and said , `` so , how did it go on tuesday ? 
 did you get in trouble ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 wara frowned at him , glancing up from the quechua book she d been reading while waiting for nazaret to show up . 
 the two girls were teaching a group of ladies to read in quechua at a church downtown , close to caf amara . 
 wara saw the twinkle in noah 's eye and suddenly got what he was talking about . 
 her face spread into a grin and she lay the book on the table , right over half of che guevara 's face that some local artist had painted in pastels . 
 she leaned back into the chair , raised an eyebrow at him and fingered the little gold star on the side of her nose . 
 `` about this ? 
 well , i do n't think they liked it , but i 've always been a little weird . 
 the bennesons are nice missionaries ; they did n't say anything . 
 plus , c'mon , my name means star . 
 in a bolivian language . '' 
 she peered at noah over the top of her maroon glasses , still grinning . 
 `` it 's you you should worry about . 
 just cause you did n't go to prayer meeting on tuesday does n't mean the rest of the team is n't gon na find out next time . '' 
 `` you got me . '' 
 noah ran a hand through his straggly sandy blond hair , pushing it aside to reveal a little silver hoop in his right ear . 
 `` they might be mad . 
 but i 'm not sure what the big deal is . 
 half the bolivian guys i 'm friends with here have an earring . 
 or a couple earrings . '' 
 he let the hair fall back over his ear and they both sat there , smiling , enjoying the moment of feeling like naughty missionaries . 
 well , at least one of them was n't really naughty . 
 noah was just a nice guy who wanted an earring . 
 clay dishes clinked from the kitchen and the aroma of lemon bubbles joined the coffee floating around them in the empty coffee shop . 
 footsteps scuffed on the pavement outside the open caf entrance and tiago slouched by under a black backpack covered in skull patches , wearing baggy black jeans with chains as usual . 
 noah and wara threw him a wave , and he grinned back , revealing a silver stud in his tongue wara did n't remember seeing before . 
 noah and i have a ways to go before we beat tiago in the piercing count , she thought , still smiling . 
 noah had stretched his legs out under the table and was back typing furiously at his little tablet . 
 he was squinting at the thing with extreme concentration , like a successful young stock broker in an armani suit instead of a missionary in cut-off khaki shorts that really needed a haircut . 
 `` ok , so , look at this , '' he told wara , whirling the screen around so she could see . 
 `` remember last week when we saw all those muslim ladies passing out tracts in the plaza ? '' 
 sure she did . 
 wara had been with noah and nazaret , and they had come upon a big group of women in veils , right in the plaza colon . 
 most of them were bolivians who had converted to islam through the influence of the small-but-growing muslim community here in south america . 
 the ladies had been passing out tracts about islam , and the whole scene had been kind of surreal because back in the day , christians used to be the only group you would see doing things like that . 
 wara scooted her chair closer to noah and planted an elbow right in che guevara 's eye as she positioned herself to squint at his tiny screen . 
 `` so i was checking online a little about islam , '' noah said , `` cause i was kinda curious about how it 's growing so much around here . 
 look at this website i found . '' 
 wara 's eyes fell on something like a powerpoint presentation , all in spanish , with photos of dramatic mountain backdrops fading away around the large letters . 
 `` islam is the only hope for latin america , '' the title proclaimed . 
 the following screens explained how islam really is the heritage of spanish-speaking peoples and they should return to it with all their hearts . 
 islam is the only light for latin america . 
 and islam gives us a common cause as brothers : fight against injustice and western imperialism . 
 `` that 's a little bit freaky . '' 
 wara bit her lip while meeting noah 's eyes . 
 `` the part about fighting against western imperialism . 
 the way so many people feel about western imperialism in bolivia these days , that seems like a great reason for a lot of people to join islam . '' 
 noah cocked his head to one side and shrugged . 
 she could see the earring again , and he looked kind of cute with it . 
 the thought occurred to her that there must be a ton of bolivian girls in love with this guy , and it almost made her laugh . 
 `` did n't your parents want you to be a stock broker ? 
 or something , '' she asked him , totally changing the subject . 
 noah blinked , then settled back slowly into his chair . 
 `` yeah , something like that . 
 they made me study international business . 
 and they are not too happy with me right now , as i 'm sure i told you before . 
 maybe if i wore a tie to work it would help . '' 
 they both snorted , then burst into laughter , tears leaking out of their eyes as they looked at themselves . 
 noah in the cut-off shorts and a wrinkled t-shirt with giant hawaiian flower flip-flops . 
 wara was wearing frayed jeans and yet another hippy shirt , this one a pumpkin orange with purple tie-dyed rings and little brass bells hanging from the sleeves . 
 yeah , maybe noah should start wearing a pinstripe silk tie with that outfit , when he went to play with the kids at the martirs ' aids center and give them their medicine . 
 or when he sang here at the caf . 
 tobin and tobias could get one too . 
 they both laughed and swiped tears from their eyes until nazaret came to get wara for their class . 
 12 hazel a hard whisper jerked her awake , cutting violently through the darkness . 
 the memory of where she was crushed her . 
 she and noah were n't laughing in the caf together . 
 they had been in a bus accident , and she did n't know where noah was . 
 she was here in a tent somewhere , captured by some really dangerous guys . 
 wara froze on the sleeping bag , praying that if they thought she was still asleep , they 'd leave her alone . 
 the guy who 'd kidnapped her , paulo , had woken her up a few times in the night , just to make sure she was still alive . 
 before they killed her . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 the insistent whisper came again . 
 `` time for prayers , che . '' 
 wara cracked her eyes open in the direction of the tent door and saw a thin , pale face with a little goatee leaning inside , calling paulo . 
 nylon fabric rustled as paulo staggered up off the floor , shivered , then pulled a second black sweater over his head . 
 `` ya voy , '' he whispered , and the light-skinned man disappeared , leaving the tent flap hanging open . 
 `` i 'm coming . '' 
 paulo turned his morbidly serious gaze on wara and she tensed and did her best to appear fast asleep . 
 she slit her eyes open as she heard him padding towards the door , saw that he was leaving in khaki cargo pants and bare feet . 
 after a minute , she slipped from the sleeping bag and crawled to the door of the tent , where a star-studded sky and crescent moon gave the only light . 
 was it almost early morning ? 
 or what were these guys doing up in the middle of the night ? 
 `` time for prayers , '' the man who came to get paulo had said . 
 wara frowned and bit her lip . 
 around six men were gathered in the clearing , close enough that she could pick up what they said . 
 six more men suddenly appeared out of the darkened forest , dripping water from their hair and sleeves . 
 the other six , including paulo in his black sweater , walked together into the trees and disappeared . 
 wara settled in cross-legged , watching the strange scene with bleary eyes . 
 when paulo 's group came back , also glistening with drops of water in the moonlight , all of the men lined up facing the same direction , now silent , without the excited chatter . 
 everyone bowed their heads , and then wara heard the soft rumble of them all chanting together : allaahu akbar allaahu akbar ashhadu allah ilaaha illa-lah ashhadu allah ilaaha illa-lah ash hadu anna muhamadar rasuulullah ash hadu anna muhamadar rasuulullah wara 's pulse surged , knowing what she was listening to . 
 as a linguistics geek , she could definitely recognize arabic . 
 god is great . 
 i bear witness that there is none worthy of worship except god . 
 i bear witness that muhammad is the messenger of god . 
 they 're saying salaat , wara thought , absolutely stunned . 
 these guys are muslims . 
 the men , still standing , all hooked their hands behind their ears , turning their palms forward , and repeated , `` allah akbar '' in a flat monotone . 
 crossing one hand on top of the other in front of their bellies , they prayed more in arabic , though wara only caught a little . 
 the main gist seemed to be glory and praise to allah , and at the end she heard something about satan . 
 she then recognized the opening lines of the first surah or chapter of the quran . 
 all of the men outside bowed in unison , backs straight , gaze lowered . 
 wara shivered , hearing again , `` allah akbar ! '' 
 and realizing that most of the praying men wore long knives hanging from their belts in leather sheathes . 
 her attention span suddenly fizzled and she weakly crawled back to the sleeping bag , not quite sure what this new revelation meant for her . 
 she was being held captive by a group of muslims . 
 who had put a bomb on her bus . 
 for the first time she wondered where she was . 
 under the white star light outside the tent , wara had made out the shadowy bulk of mountain peaks . 
 the men must have carried her , unconscious , from the road after the accident . 
 they could n't have carried her far , could they ? 
 we could be up on one of the peaks above coroico . 
 the perfect hiding spot for terrorists , apparently . 
 who would ever guess that islamic terrorists would be lurking around coroico , adventure tourism capital ? 
 coroico , with its stunning scenery , picturesque small-town charm , thick with plantings of coffee beans and oranges ? 
 feeling rather sick , wara uncapped the bottle of luke-warm water paulo had given her last night and drained the rest . 
 she really needed to use the bathroom , but was n't about to ask . 
 yet . 
 right now she really needed a distraction , something to keep from thinking about muslim terrorists outside her tent and noah possibly being dead . 
 wara dropped the empty plastic bottle onto the sleeping bag and let her eyes wander around the tent . 
 the olive green tent was big enough for paulo to stand in at the center , just barely . 
 six people could possibly sleep in the thing side to side , but right now the tent only held the one sleeping bag , a rust-colored hiking backpack , the lantern , and leather sandals . 
 and a fat golden book . 
 swallowing hard , wara reached towards it , thinking maybe she could work on deciphering some of the arabic lettering in this quran to keep herself from crying . 
 she flipped through the gold leaf pages of the book , then frowned at the page and blinked . 
 because the book was n't a quran at all ; it was a bible . 
 the scrolling letters shimmered in front of her , and wara closed the book to see the cover , unable to believe what was in front of her eyes . 
 this guy , paulo , had a bible here in his tent ? 
 the same paulo who was holding her captive and had tried to kill her and noah on the bus ? 
 something fluttered out of the arabic bible pages , swishing to the nylon tent floor . 
 it was a dated-looking five-by-seven photograph of a happy family seated at a restaurant . 
 wara immediately recognized the bright colors and elephant logo of dumbo ice cream parlor in cochabamba . 
 the entire family in the picture was gathered around a square table with a canary yellow tablecloth , eating sundaes in tall , frosty glasses . 
 footsteps padded outside and wara jumped as paulo ducked in the tent . 
 he saw her sitting there , then paused . 
 droplets of water still clung to his temples and curly black hair . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 he finally said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 wara blinked at him . 
 how was she feeling ? 
 was she really supposed to be feeling anything other than awful ? 
 paulo 's eyes flitted between her face and the photo she was holding between two fingers . 
 it occurred to her that maybe snapping at him about how she was feeling would n't be the best way to keep this guy from killing her . 
 maybe she should talk to him , try to at least seem sympathetic . 
 it was n't very likely he would care , but worth a try . 
 `` dumbo , '' wara remarked , studying the picture again and trying to keep her voice from shaking . 
 `` i love this place . 
 i go here all the time in cochabamba . 
 who 's this in the picture ? '' 
 paulo lowered himself onto the floor next to her and held out one hand , palm up . 
 `` that 's my family , '' paulo said , obviously wanting the picture . 
 but wara kept staring at it , suddenly fascinated with how the family of an evil man who bombed buses would look . 
 they should be dysfunctional to the core , lounging together at a seedy bar while the kids ran wild in the streets . 
 what were they all doing eating ice cream at dumbo like decent people ? 
 two normal-appearing adults who could be the parents were both looking off in another direction , as were a few of the children . 
 `` looks like you have a nice family , '' wara said , thinking that it was actually true . 
 closest to the camera sat a plump teenage girl with curly ringlets , a mickey mouse sweatshirt , and huge gold hoop earrings . 
 a skinny , good-looking kid with dark hair had an arm around her , wearing a red soccer jersey , grinning at whoever was snapping the picture . 
 the shock started small , somewhere at the bottom of wara 's spine . 
 but by the time it raced up her back , she nearly choked , sucking in a horrified gasp . 
 `` please give me the picture , wara , '' paulo was saying with a tight smile , but wara had frozen , realizing that she knew the face of the girl with ringlets in the picture . 
 in fact , she knew that face so well she felt it was part of her own family . 
 paulo snatched the picture away and wara felt the tent wall shimmer around her in waves of hot and cold . 
 `` you 're alejandro martir ! '' 
 she croaked . 
 she stared at the face of the guy in front of her : square , coffee - colored jaw , pretty hazel eyes . 
 those were the eyes ! 
 all seven of the martir kids had them , inherited from their mother , noly . 
 wara 's jaw dropped , then snapped back shut . 
 paulo was blinking at her , obviously shocked . 
 `` your sister , nazaret , '' she forced herself to say numbly , `` is my best friend in cochabamba . '' 
 paulo 's clear hazel eyes widened and then closed , very slowly . 
 his face confirmed everything . 
 13 olive green it ca n't be . 
 wara really could n't believe it , could n't wrap her mind around this being anything other than the worst nightmare ever . 
 `` you 're the brother ? '' 
 she forced herself to say the awful words out loud . 
 `` the one who 's been missing . '' 
 she could see it now , that faded photograph on nazaret 's white dresser , surrounded by threadbare teddy bears and little jeweled vials of nail polish . 
 it was him , that skinny kid from the missing brother picture . 
 he was the same guy sitting next to nazaret in the ice cream shop , arm slung around her shoulders . 
 and here with wara in this tent , holding her prisoner . 
 alejandro . 
 she could n't believe it . 
 one of the martirs was a criminal ? 
 or a muslim terrorist ? 
 paulo-no , alejandro -- was looking at her with deliberation , as if deciding whether it was worth insisting on the previous lie about his identity . 
 then he erased his pained expression and scooted closer to her . 
 `` actually i go by alejo . 
 how is my sister ? '' 
 wara was furious , horrified . 
 `` why do n't you find out yourself ? '' 
 she snapped at him , voice bordering on hysterics . 
 `` your family has , like , adopted me in cochabamba . 
 they pray for you all the time . 
 they 've been wondering for years where you 've been ! '' 
 now wara was sputtering , and she tried to calm down . 
 her nerves were beyond frayed , and her hands trembled on her lap . 
 nazaret 's brother looked stricken , a marked change to his former aloofness . 
 `` nazaret has been doing really well , actually , '' wara glared at him . 
 `` until now , because she 's going to find out that two of her best friends are dead ! 
 the good thing is , though , that it looks like she 'll never find out that her brother killed them . 
 so i 'm sure that someday , she 'll go back to being ` fine ' ! '' 
 tears filled wara 's eyes , and she felt furious for crying in front of this man . 
 but she was also afraid . 
 nazaret 's brother or not , this guy had kidnapped her and bombed the bus . 
 he had n't contacted his family in all these years . 
 the fact that wara knew the martirs was n't going to keep alejandro from killing her so she would n't give away information about whatever he and his fellow terrorists were doing . 
 it was n't the first time she 'd let that word float through her mind . 
 wara swiped at the tears with her sleeve and tried to control herself . 
 `` are you a terrorist ? '' 
 she asked warily , fixing her runny eyes on nazaret 's brother . 
 alejandro actually had the gall to draw back in surprise , screwing up his face as if offended by her insinuation . 
 `` what ? 
 no ! '' 
 he insisted , waving his hand at her . 
 `` we are not terrorists , ok ? '' 
 it could have been wara 's overactive imagination , but alejandro did not appear completely convinced of his own words . 
 brief memories crossed wara 's brain of various news articles she 'd read online recently , accusations from the united states that bolivia was harboring fundamental muslims and allowing them to use their country as a base for radical islam 's cause . 
 in fact , one of bolivia 's former presidents had foreseen something similar when he commented , `` bolivia is going to be the next afghanistan . '' 
 she remembered the web page noah had found that day in the coffee shop , the one about islam being the only hope for latin america . 
 `` i 'm not sure i believe you , alejandro , '' she said . 
 alejandro watched her guardedly . 
 `` actually i go by alejo . 
 i really hate alejandro . 
 that would be what my father called me . '' 
 what could alejandro martir possibly have against his father ? 
 pablo martir was a good man , a far cry from what his son had apparently become . 
 this was a nightmare . 
 wara 's eyes ran over alejo 's face again : nazaret 's father 's jaw . 
 his mother 's eyes . 
 it was awful . 
 being kidnapped and nearly killed by someone bearing the image of her bolivian `` parents '' was really freaking wara out . 
 she could n't handle it . 
 wara crumpled down into the sleeping bag and pulled the top over her head . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , even after she heard alejo leave the tent , close the flap behind him . 
 alejo martir left her alone for a long time , just stopping back once to remind her that the tent was surrounded by motion detectors so she 'd better be sure not to escape . 
 he asked if she needed the bathroom or food , but she did n't even acknowledge him , still curled up under the sleeping bag . 
 alejo and the other guys were close by in the clearing , having some kind of meetings . 
 probably terrorist stuff . 
 maybe about noon he came back and caught her staring blankly at the cover of the fat golden bible `` brought you some granola bars , '' he said grimly . 
 `` and some more water . 
 but before you eat , there 's a stream close by in the forest . 
 i thought maybe you 'd want to go down there ... '' he squatted and picked up a bag from behind his backpack in the corner , which he held out towards wara . 
 she blinked , realizing it was her purple backpack . 
 `` how did that get here ? 
 i do n't remember . '' 
 alejo shrugged , one foot tapping on the floor , probably anxious to get back to whatever he was doing outside . 
 `` i 'm going to have gabriel and stalin take you down to the creek , '' he informed her . 
 noting a look of protest about to spread across her face , alejo raised one hand and said , `` most of the guys have already gone back home . 
 the ones that are left i trust . 
 they 're going to take you there and bring you right back . 
 ok ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 wara shrugged helplessly . 
 what choice did she have ? 
 she was his prisoner , right ? 
 `` thanks for the food , '' she said in a small voice , glad right now for any small kindness . 
 alejo nodded curtly and eyed her again before turning to stride out of the tent . 
 she heard him giving instructions to someone outside , and then the tent flap pulled aside and two faces poked in : the pale goatee who woke alejo for prayers this morning and the pudgy guy who last night had told her that when she kicked the bucket she deserved to go to heaven . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 they asked politely . 
 wara stood up warily , racking her brain to try to remember if these two had been among those making nasty comments upon her arrival last night . 
 as far as she could recall , the stringy-haired guy had only been standing and staring-and she remembered him giving her a hand up and telling the guys to stop with the lewd jokes . 
 and the skinny guy-now it was all coming back . 
 he had leaned close when alejo had his arm practically around her neck and whispered , `` i did n't want to bring her , but the guys said i had to . '' 
 so far so good . 
 `` ok , sure . '' 
 wara shrugged and tried to pick up her rather heavy backpack . 
 the bulky guy stepped forward hesitantly and held out one arm for her bag . 
 she handed it to him without a word and followed the two of them outside . 
 after a few steps in blinding sunlight , they entered the shade of the trees . 
 a chorus of cicadas and tropical birds was rising above the canopy . 
 wara jumped as a reedy voice said , `` so , i 'm stalin . 
 in coroico i 'm a professor . 
 i teach kids morality and ethics class . '' 
 `` uh , hi . '' 
 morality and ethics class ? 
 is he serious ? 
 `` my name is gabriel shara . '' 
 wara noticed that the taller , thin guy had a baby face with kind-looking greenish eyes . 
 `` i 'm wara cadogan , '' she said , wondering if they really cared . 
 `` yeah , we know . '' 
 gabriel was starting to cheer up . 
 `` we read your passport . 
 you 've been here in bolivia for a really long time . '' 
 `` six years , '' stalin remarked , stepping carefully over a very tall rock , slippery with the morning dew . 
 wara felt the dampness soak through her canvas shoes and into her ankle socks , and decided that whatever time left to her in life she would live barefoot . 
 `` just a second , '' she said , stopping in the middle of the forest and beginning to peel off her soaked shoes and socks . 
 `` my shoes are all wet . '' 
 `` but-we 're almost to the stream ! '' 
 stalin insisted , seemingly shocked by the sight of a gringa stripping off her footwear in the middle of the cloud forest . 
 `` you 're going to get cut on the rocks ! '' 
 `` well apparently i might die today anyway , so i might as well enjoy my last day , right ? 
 am i supposed to be afraid of dying with a few cuts on my feet ? '' 
 she wadded the damp socks up into her shoes and began walking again , picking her way over broken sticks and squishy moss . 
 stalin and gabriel walked alongside her in morose silence , until the gurgling of water told wara that stalin had been right . 
 a shallow , rushing stream cut its way through a dirt patch of the forest just ahead , tripping over small stones in its path . 
 stalin set her backpack down on a flat rock by the stream , and then motioned to gabriel . 
 `` ok , so we 're going to leave you here for a while , but do n't do anything foolish because we 'll be close by . '' 
 stalin cocked his head to one side and then said , `` we wo n't be peeking , though . 
 i mean , we 'll be far enough away ? '' 
 gabriel looked mortified and glared at stalin , who grinned lopsidedly and let gabriel lead him away . 
 gabriel turned back towards her with a cool grin . 
 `` do n't even think about disappearing , ok ? 
 i 've got equipment up here you 've never even heard of , and i 'll find you like that . '' 
 he snapped his long fingers , and then whirled back to continue off to some point in the banana plants where they would be waiting . 
 shivering in the coolness of the mountain air , wara quickly unzipped her backpack and dug out a change of clothes . 
 she pulled on black pants and a green tank top , then knelt next to the stream to try to wash the dried blood from her cheek and hair . 
 `` still there ? '' 
 a masculine voice hollered from somewhere in the bushes . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 she answered , biting her lip . 
 `` just a second , ok ? '' 
 `` just making sure ! '' 
 a different voice called back . 
 the frigid water burned her scalp and she realized she probably did have some cuts . 
 she remembered the side of her head smacking against something in the bus as she saw the wall of silver fire go spinning over her like a ceiling . 
 i must have gotten thrown out the window , she realized with a shiver . 
 but i hardly have any cuts . 
 maybe the explosion blew the glass away first . 
 nausea filled her as she imagined noah , arm ripped away from her shoulder as he was thrown further into the fiery bus by the explosion , while she was tossed out the window in the opposite direction , to safety . 
 `` i know women take a long time , but we really have to get back . '' 
 wara thought the too-cheerful voice was skinny gabriel 's . 
 she slogged across the spiky grass on her bare feet and scooped up her backpack . 
 `` ok , you can take me back now , '' she called sadly . 
 in a way , she wished they would just tie her up out here instead of bringing her back to the clearing . 
 here , sapphire blue butterflies were flitting across the racing surface of the stream , licking up crystal drops , dipping their spindly black legs into the water . 
 stalin and gabriel crunched their way out of the foliage , staring at her standing there in bare feet . 
 obviously deciding not to mention the feet again , stalin wordlessly took her backpack and motioned for her to follow them back to the camp . 
 sunshine hit her damp hair with a welcome warmth as she stepped out of the shade and into the clearing . 
 the sight of all the olive green tents quickly brought the chill back . 
 alejo was sitting on a rock , talking to a short guy with wire rim glasses and a little brown goatee . 
 `` take care of things for me a while , will you benjamin ? '' 
 alejo told him and wara was not happy with the way alejo 's eyes ran over her as stalin and gabriel passed her over to him . 
 alejo 's lips curved into a wry smile and he grabbed her arm , half-dragging her with him towards his tent . 
 she really had to focus on keeping her feet under her as alejo marched her along , then pushed her through the door of the tent . 
 inside , her dropped her arm and latched the tent door shut . 
 `` bad news , '' alejo frowned at her , then immediately began to pace . 
 wara blinked , noticing the bead of sweat that had popped out on his forehead just then . 
 what was going on ? 
 she started to ask , but alejo held up a hand to cut her off . 
 `` let me think , '' he ordered crossly . 
 wara bit her lip and sank down onto the sleeping back , hooking her hands around her raised knees . 
 a few loud shouts rang out in the clearing , and alejo muttered a very bad word . 
 animated conversation drew nearer outside the tent . 
 `` you did n't have to come back here , sir , '' someone said cheerfully . 
 `` we have everything under control-no worries . '' 
 a pause while a lower voice rumbled something . 
 then , `` yeah , she 's in there . 
 alejo 's been keeping her . 
 of course we understand that . 
 he just wanted to wait until the paraguayans were gone , not make a show of it . '' 
 alejo swore , glanced at the tightly-closed tent door , and then swore again . 
 he pressed one hand against his temple , and then fixed his eyes on wara , taking a deep breath . 
 `` i hope you can forgive me for this , '' he muttered , then swung down to yank her to her feet , pulling her against his chest . 
 panicked , wara tried to pull away , but alejo 's fingers dug into both of her wrists . 
 when he let go , she could n't bring her arms around from behind her back . 
 something thin and biting dug into her flesh , pricking her hands . 
 alejo had bound her wrists together . 
 she barely had time to register this fact before alejo threw an arm around her and dragged her tighter against his chest . 
 her rib cage slammed into his and he hooked a leg around the back of hers , preventing her escape . 
 before she knew it , he was kissing her , the scarce stubble of his chin like sandpaper against her cheek . 
 appalled , wara struggled against him , trying to free one of her legs to kick him hard . 
 it was no use ; she was caught like a worm on a hook . 
 heavy footsteps sounded outside , and sunlight flooded the tent as someone flapped open the door . 
 alejo took his time finishing the kiss , then finally let wara draw back and turn towards the door . 
 her vision swam as she took in the familiar figures of stalin and gabriel , along with two new faces watching them from just inside the tent . 
 a shower of sparks shot through her skull as alejo grabbed her hair and tilted her face upward towards his . 
 his eyes were glinting with a thousand specks of green fire , and she felt her face burn , absolutely humiliated . 
 alejo winked at her , then turned towards the guys at the door . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` we 're a little busy right now . 
 i told the guys i 'd be right back , ishmael . '' 
 wara shivered at his mocking tone . 
 alejo released her hair and she turned to see the newcomers , face still flaming . 
 standing next to stalin stood a tanned figure , jaw hanging open as he gaped at her and alejo . 
 it was l zaro . 
 14 beet red sharp purple stars exploeded in front of wara 's eyes . 
 this could not be happening . 
 `` l zaro ? '' 
 she struggled to push away from alejo , all the while unable to take her gaze off l zaro in the doorway . 
 he was wearing the same kind of irish cap he had always worn , along with a casual sweater , jeans , and hiking boots . 
 his eyes were hidden behind the same sunglasses he had been wearing in the truck in coroico . 
 wara gasped loudly . 
 l zaro ripped the sunglasses from his eyes and gaped at alejo . 
 `` wara ? '' 
 l zaro said dumbly , gaze dashing back and forth between wara and alejo . 
 `` you 're the one they found ?? '' 
 wara 's eyes were torn away from l zaro as alejo 's hand forced her head against his chest . 
 she tried to pull away angrily , then froze , weak-kneed , as she heard him unsheathe the hunting knife from his belt and saw its blade out of the corner of her eye . 
 remembering her position as captive , wara let herself hang limply against alejo as one of his hands continued digging into her cheek . 
 with the other , he pulled at the plastic ties around her wrists and cut her hands free . 
 through his t-shirt , wara could hear the steady , slow tempo of alejo 's heart , totally composed , completely devoid of the fear that caused her own heart to race . 
 she hated him for it . 
 by now , the bridge of l zaro 's nose had turned beet red , and his fists clenched at his sides . 
 `` that 's my girlfriend , you idiot ! '' 
 he growled . 
 alejo started with surprise and a moment of silence rang over the tent . 
 `` your ex-girlfriend , is n't it ? '' 
 he finally said coolly . 
 `` this is the missionary you used to go out with ? 
 well you should thank me then for doing you a favor . 
 her boyfriend is dead , along with salazar . 
 do n't get your knickers all up in a knot . 
 c'mon , let 's take this outside ! '' 
 alejo 's fingers dug into her arm as he dragged her through the tent door . 
 the others drew back to make room . 
 l zaro , apparently not satisfied in the least with alejo 's calm explanation , swore foully and then rushed him , slamming into him from behind . 
 wara felt the momentum of the push twisting her off her feet . 
 an arm caught her around the shoulders , yanking her back up to standing as alejo released her . 
 she saw alejo land on both palms just before hitting the ground and release a lightening backwards kick that caught l zaro under the chin , spinning him around with a grunt . 
 wara struggled to look behind her and realized that the man now holding her was benjamin , the one with the wire-rim glasses . 
 one forearm clamped tightly around her neck , threatening to cut off her airway if she moved . 
 wara was trapped , watching as l zaro and alejo flew at each other again in some kind of martial arts stance , each taking a few violent punches . 
 like alejo had said earlier , most of the guys who had been up here on the mountain were already gone . 
 an older guy wara had n't seen before had appeared , however , watching the scene with displeasure , arms crossed in front of his chest . 
 the man was actually much older than the others , wearing olive green pants with multiple pockets , a t-shirt , and one of those khaki vests full of zippers and flaps favored by foreign journalists in a war zone . 
 a neatly-trimmed beard peppered with gray gave the impression that he could be a kindly grandfather , except for how his eyebrows were now knit into the perfect v , scowling first at her , then at the fight . 
 confused and numb by all the blows and shouts , wara 's mind finally registered that alejo had launched himself from the ground with a somersault and brutally knocked l zaro to the dirt with a kick to the ribs . 
 spinning in a half circle , l zaro fell with a thud , swore at the attempt to rise , then gave up . 
 `` enough ? '' 
 alejo panted , sweat running down his back . 
 `` i like you , che , and i really hope that 's enough . 
 i did n't know , i promise you . 
 just for you , i wo n't touch her again . '' 
 `` yes , i think fun time is over . '' 
 the authoritative voice of the grandfatherly newcomer carried over the group . 
 `` asalaam alaikum , ishmael . '' 
 wara saw alejo grin at the older man . 
 then nazaret 's brother began speaking a different language , clipped , as if reporting facts . 
 l zaro was painfully picking himself up off the ground , a bloody gash running above his right eyebrow . 
 he walked gingerly towards the rest of the group , keeping a wary distance from alejo , listening . 
 from time to time he threw a guarded glance at wara . 
 soon after their little conference , the older guy turned his beady gaze back on wara . 
 she was still pinned against benjamin , eyes barely slit open , for the first time ever not trying to figure out what language everyone was speaking . 
 sweat dripped down her back and she was terrified . 
 `` i am so sorry , '' the older guy was saying with a smile in smooth spanish , `` that this has been allowed to drag on this long . 
 i 'm sure you are a nice girl . '' 
 the smile died away , and he unsheathed a long , curved hunting knife with a smooth whine , turning his gaze towards l zaro . 
 `` my son , it 's time for us to move on , '' he explained patiently to l zaro in accented spanish . 
 `` apart from being a witness to the bus accident , she can identify you . '' 
 a trickle of blood from the wound alejo left was slowly winding down l zaro 's face like a shiny maroon caterpillar . 
 he gaped dumbly at the knife that the man now extended towards him `` l zaro , '' wara stammered , heart slamming against benjamin 's arm . 
 the fact that l zaro , too , was here , part of this , was absolutely surreal . 
 `` how could you do this ? 
 noah was your friend , was n't he ? 
 how could you want to kill him ? 
 he never did anything to you ! '' 
 l zaro just stared at her , possibly realizing for the first time that noah too had been on the bus . 
 he glanced at the old guy , nervously , and his hand closest to the offered knife twitched . 
 wara took in that gabriel , standing next to l zaro , appeared ready to vomit , one hand clutching his throat , staring at wara 's neck . 
 feeling faint , wara realized that they were going to slit her throat . 
 l zaro stumbled a slight step back , and at that moment wara saw the flash of the knife against the sun as the old guy moved straight towards her , impatient . 
 she felt benjamin 's grip on her tighten as he said , `` i 've got her , mr. khan . '' 
 and then , from the side , alejo was moving forward , marching towards her with a face full of calm fury . 
 the fist that connected with her face shot white hot rays of pain through her head , splattering her vision with colored lights . 
 benjamin must have released her just as alejo 's punch slammed into her nose . 
 wara twisted around backwards on lifeless knees , then crumpled to the ground with a jolt of fire . 
 evil lights flashed in front of her eyes , and she wanted to pass out , die , anything . 
 no such luck . 
 wara shrieked in agony as someone grabbed her hair and pulled her to her feet , wrapping an arm around her shoulders to secure her against them because it was obvious that there was no way she could stand . 
 oh god , please help ! 
 get me through this part ? 
 `` stand up ! '' 
 a voice grated into her ear , and wara 's heart sank as she realized it was alejo she heard herself breathing loudly , vision swimming with the pain . 
 alejo yanked her hair back and wara saw the silver of a razor-sharp knife blade , only an inch away from her exposed neck . 
 `` we have extenuating circumstances here , sir , '' she heard alejo say calmly . 
 `` gabriel should n't have to watch this . 
 i 'll take her into the forest . '' 
 he dragged her in front of him so her bare feet skimmed the grass , then barked into her ear , `` walk ! '' 
 to the other men he called , `` we 'll meet in town ! '' 
 alejo pushed her ahead of him into the cover of the mossy forest , dragging wara along as he stomped through the grass . 
 her vision had cleared enough to make out the trees , but everything still shimmered and she was sure if alejo were n't holding her up she would have just dropped to the ground . 
 she absently realized the salty stuff dripping across her lips was blood and that her nose was probably broken . 
 may nazaret never hear about this , about what her brother has done . 
 they pushed quite a ways into the forest , ducking under hanging tree fronds and circling giant banana plants . 
 then wara 's foot hooked on a big root and she went hurdling towards the forest floor . 
 the vision of the flashing knife waving near her neck told her alejo was going down with her . 
 wara 's breath pumped out of her chest with a sharp gasp as his body slammed on top of hers , pushing her face into the raspy grass . 
 a rough hand clamped across her mouth , sending rays of pains surging though her skull . 
 `` do n't scream , '' he whispered lowly in her ear . 
 `` whatever you do , do n't scream . 
 i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 breathing heavily , alejo rolled off of wara and sat listlessly on the ground by her side , one arm propped up on his knee . 
 in a daze , wara rolled over onto her back painfully , unable to stop shaking . 
 her eyes were beginning to swell . 
 she gingerly wiped her sleeve across her face in an attempt to clear away some of the blood that was still flowing from her nose and stifled a sob at how much it hurt . 
 god , what is happening ? 
 `` you 're going to kill me later , then ? '' 
 even though alejo had told her to be quiet , she had to know . 
 he had been staring off into the jungle , but now his gaze jerked sharply back to her . 
 wara winced and raised her arm , cringing . 
 he did n't hit her again , and she opened her eyes in time to see alejo hurl the knife off into the forest as if it were a deadly scorpion . 
 he turned away from her and threw up onto the prickly tropical grass , gasped for breath , and then threw up again . 
 finally he lifted his head , white as a sheet , and wiped his mouth shakily on his sleeve . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he choked . 
 `` i told you i was n't going to hurt you . 
 oh god , i 'm so sorry . 
 nothing 's going to happen to you now , ok . 
 i 'm gon na take you where it 's safe . '' 
 wara started to feel everything around her fading away . 
 maybe she was dying . 
 the giant pine tree branches overhead were starting to sway as if a lazy breeze ran through them . 
 no , that was ridiculous . 
 she could n't be dying from a broken nose . 
 but she felt so dizzy , and simply could n't move . 
 what was nazaret 's brother saying ? 
 that he was sorry he had broken her nose ? 
 why ? 
 he had n't looked sorry a few minutes ago when he did it . 
 and what was with the puking ? 
 everything is spinning around so fast . 
 wara vaguely realized that she had been scooped up and was moving through the trees . 
 alejo must be carrying her . 
 she slumped against his shoulder , and the sounds of crickets singing among the banana trees and grass crunching underfoot slowly faded away . 
 15 pale she felt herself gently swaying back and forth , face hugging something scratchy and warm . 
 for several minutes she drifted blissfully between semi-awake and half-asleep , trying to pry her eyes open but at the same time being quite sure she did not want to wake up . 
 she remembered passing out , and that alejo had hit her , and yeah , the pain was definitely still there . 
 wara gasped and jerked wide awake , rolling into a sitting position and looking over her shoulder . 
 he was still here , sitting with arms propped on his knees . 
 wara grabbed her head as black and silver flashed across her eyes in a violent parade . 
 the sunlight was blinding . 
 they were in the back of a truck , surrounded by high wooden slats . 
 alejo was staring off to one side , watching the road through gaps between the rough boards . 
 he turned towards her when he heard her groan , but wara could only close her eyes and take deep breaths , trying to keep the world from spinning around backwards . 
 freakily , alejo 's expression had completely changed from the way he had looked at her with remorse in the jungle for those few minutes after he had thrown the knife away into the wild . 
 now , his face had settled into such a serious mask that wara was glad she was too dizzy to look at him . 
 those intense hazel eyes were just plain scary . 
 she moaned again and weakly flopped back into a fetal position in the straw of the floor of the truck , her back to nazaret 's brother . 
 he had given her a concussion ; she was sure of it . 
 against her closed eyes , she saw again the scene in the clearing of the camp , alejo 's face as he swung at her in rage . 
 the rest of the blank faces as they simply stared . 
 `` why did n't you kill me ? '' 
 wara barely recognized the croaking voice that came out of her own mouth . 
 she cleared her throat slowly and curled up tighter in her corner of the truck bed , too weak to do anything else but wait for his answer . 
 after a long pause , alejo answered her , voice detached but non-threatening . 
 `` i never wanted to kill you . 
 i just could n't let you know that , or you would have given away the escape plan . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 wara squeaked . 
 `` my friends are very smart . 
 they would have been able to tell if you trusted me . 
 i never meant to have to hit you '' -- his voice faltered for a second there - `` but it was the only way to get you out of there with what i had to work with . 
 i was in charge of the rest there at the camp . 
 but that man who showed up with l zaro is ishmael khan , our handler . 
 he 's our boss , and as soon as he arrived , i knew that you were as good as dead . '' 
 wara frowned as alejo went on . 
 `` ishmael was already coming at you with the knife , because l zaro would n't do it . 
 i had to stop him cold in his tracks , and hitting you was the only way i could think of . 
 two more seconds and he would have cut your throat . 
 gabriel was robbed and had his throat slit in pakistan a month ago , and l zaro was involved with you , so i had a good excuse to take you out of their sight and eliminate you . 
 they could n't have handled it . 
 and because you were?incapacitated , benjamin and the khan assumed they did n't need to come with me to keep you from escaping . 
 thank god they did n't . '' 
 there was a long pause as wara tried to focus on the details of what alejo had just said . 
 he had to break her nose to save her life ? 
 `` you broke my nose ! '' 
 she blurted out , then gasped at the nausea waves produced by the effort of shouting . 
 `` i wo n't be able to tell if your nose if broken until the swelling goes down , '' alejo said , still maddeningly calm . 
 `` if it 's broken , i can set it . 
 i 've set a lot of broken noses , including mine . '' 
 there was no way she was letting alejo touch her swollen nose . 
 she dared to raise a hand to her face and realized that there was n't nearly as much dried blood as she remembered . 
 had alejo cleaned blood from her face while she was sleeping ? 
 the thought made her frown . 
 she just lay there , slumped into the straw , not knowing what exactly she was allowed to ask in the presence of a terrorist who was also the brother of her best friend . 
 how did she address the man who had broken her nose and then saved her life ? 
 wara found she did n't care anymore ; everything had become much too confusing . 
 `` so , who are you ? '' 
 she finally asked , slowly working her way over onto her back . 
 a painful blush spread across her face as the memory of alejo kissing her in the tent played across her mind . 
 she supposed it was part of his lovely escape plan , but she still did n't like thinking about it at all . 
 `` you have a handler ? 
 are you , like , a hit man ? '' 
 sitting cross-legged next to her , alejo snorted , a frustrated , annoyed kind of sound . 
 `` no , i 'm not a ` hit man ' ! 
 i work for a muslim organization that works for justice by fighting against the bad guys , wara . '' 
 `` but you have a bible . 
 a really big one . 
 do you even read that thing ? '' 
 of course he did n't read it . 
 he was a muslim . 
 and a murderer . 
 we fight against the bad guys , wara , alejo had said . 
 well , wara was pretty sure nazaret 's brother was confused about the definition of `` bad guy . '' 
 alejo sighed and pressed his lips together . 
 `` i 'm not a muslim anymore , '' he finally said . 
 wara glanced at him , blinking away the confusion . 
 alejo looked away at the wooden truck slats . 
 `` i was , but now i 've decided to follow jesus '' wara did n't think she could have been more shocked if he had proposed marriage right then and there . 
 this guy was a nutcase ! 
 `` how can you follow jesus and?go around killing people ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 she tried to scoff , but the effort just hurt her nose . 
 she settled for scowling at him . 
 alejo turned towards her sharply . 
 `` we do n't just go around killing people . 
 i have high-level training from hezbollah 's militant wing , and i take advantage of that to get rid of the guys who hurt the poor and oppressed . 
 i do things that i know are wrong , but it 's worse , wara , to just sit around and do nothing while you watch innocent people suffer . 
 we 're not terrorists . '' 
 wara was n't convinced . 
 `` so you follow jesus by killing people . '' 
 alejo cut her off . 
 `` a couple weeks ago , my good friend gabriel was robbed and they slit his throat . 
 a few seconds later , a pakistani man came along and found him lying there . 
 he could have just left him alone-it was really inconvenient for him to help . 
 but he did help him and he saved gabriel 's life , like in the story jesus told about the samaritan . '' 
 alejo played absently with the fringe on a canvas bag of oranges that was part of the truck 's cargo . 
 `` what if that pakistani guy had come along while gabriel was still being attacked ? 
 should he , or the good samaritan , have just politely stepped aside and waited until the thieves finished , before stepping up to see if the victim was still alive and they could help ? 
 or if they were stronger than the thieves and had a gun , should they have saved the man from being robbed and nearly killed in the first place ? '' 
 wara frowned , remembering gabriel with the friendly green eyes who had taken her down to the creek and how he had one hand to his throat as he watched them about to kill wara . 
 `` jesus said to love your enemies , '' she finally managed . 
 no matter how much using violence seemed to be justified , the results could never be worth it , could they ? 
 what about noah ? 
 `` i know . '' 
 alejo was still frowning darkly . 
 `` but he also said he came to set the captives free , and to show love to everyone . 
 as horrible as it is , sometimes those two commands just ca n't both happen at the same time . '' 
 alejo was morosely silent for a moment , and wara squinted up into the streaked sky . 
 they were driving under the leafy branches of clustered palm trees now , and the sunlight flashed onto her face , then disappeared behind the temporary shade of their latticed leaves . 
 he could have killed me , but instead he saved my life , wara realized . 
 she would like to think alejo was just insane , but some of what he said made sense . 
 she just lay there , squinting against the bright sky , trying not to think about how much everything hurt . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 she finally asked to break the unpleasant silence . 
 `` you were in charge . 
 are n't you going to get in big trouble for this ? '' 
 she tried to meet his eyes , hoping he would see that she was grateful , despite the possible broken nose , several unwanted kisses , and the fact that he was the one who had nearly killed her on the bus in the first place . 
 but wara found alejo staring off at the pile of blue canvas orange sacks , looking much more serious than she had hoped . 
 `` actually we are in big trouble , '' he answered a little mechanically , eyes not meeting hers . 
 `` i 'm going to keep you safe , i swear it . 
 but first there 's something i have to do . 
 i think that?i 'm pretty sure that ? 
 `` alejo stopped and swallowed hard . 
 `` in punishment for me betraying the group , i think they 're going to try to kill my family . '' 
 wara suddenly could n't breathe . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she croaked . 
 a wave of ice engulfed her . 
 his family . 
 the martirs . 
 `` i know they 're going to look for them . '' 
 alejo shook his head bitterly . 
 `` i was a leader ; i know everything . 
 there 's no way the khan is n't going to be furious . 
 he saw me as family and i betrayed him . '' 
 `` nazaret ? '' 
 wara whispered . 
 a shiver ran from her toes to her scalp . 
 `` they would hurt them ? 
 what are we going to do ? '' 
 `` if we can warn them first , they can run . '' 
 alejo 's voice was flat and a sheen of sweat painted his forehead . 
 wara was horrified . 
 `` but?how much time do we have ? '' 
 `` when you heard us talking in pashto , ishmael was telling us to kill you right away and throw your body in the waterfall that 's about a half-hour walk into the forest . 
 the body would have drifted down into the main river , which runs through the canyon near the bus?accident . 
 i told them i 'd meet them down in coroico . 
 i say we have two more hours before they start to wonder , three before they realize what i 've done . '' 
 alejo rested his arms on his knees and hid his face . 
 `` oh god , '' wara heard him whisper raggedly , shoulders slumped with despair . 
 `` what have i done ? '' 
 16 canary yellow `` bajamos ! '' 
 alejo 's no-nonsense voice boomed as he banged on the side of the truck through the slats a few minutes later . 
 whoever was driving must have heard his announcement that the people in the back wanted off , because the truck 's gears shifted down and the heavy vehicle scraped to a stop . 
 wara 's head hurt even more now , thanks to the shocking news about the martirs . 
 the rusty back gate of the truck clanged open revealing a young guy with a che guevara baseball hat and greasy black ponytail waiting for them to get out . 
 alejo hauled wara to her feet , and for a moment everything shimmered violet and green . 
 her legs were n't feeling so weak anymore , and she took a few shaky steps across the filthy truck bed , avoiding the giant sacks stuffed full of tropical fruit . 
 alejo passed the driver a red hundred boliviano note , then lowered wara onto the ground and jumped out behind her . 
 wara heard the truck grind into gear and chug away behind them . 
 `` i can walk now . '' 
 wara realized alejo 's arm was around her waist . 
 she shrugged away from him and began to pick her way carefully through the tangled mass of plants . 
 `` ya , '' alejo said . 
 the spanish equivalent of `` fine . '' 
 wara glanced at him and saw he was still sweating bullets , the weight of the world on his shoulders . 
 could it really be possible that his family could die because he had become part of this group ? 
 she wrinkled her nose painfully . 
 `` where are we going now ? '' 
 she whispered , not sure if there might be bad guys lurking about in the wild . 
 alejo seemed startled by her sudden question , but he did n't slow his stride . 
 `` there 's an airplane here . 
 we can take it to get to cochabamba and warn my family . '' 
 wara struggled not to stumble at the reminder that someone could hurt the martirs . 
 `` is there a pilot ? '' 
 `` i can fly it . '' 
 alejo 's answer was clipped but not impatient . 
 wara frowned and shifted her gaze over to him , not sure what to think . 
 alejo apparently read her thoughts because his mouth twisted wryly and he said , `` i fly the plane for work , wara . 
 this is the only airplane that brings tourists in and out of coroico , so we make good money . 
 it 's not because i 'm plotting to fly the thing into a building like 9/11 . '' 
 before she could answer him , they came into a little clearing holding a squatty adobe house half-shaded by a thick mass of arching orange trees . 
 a battered blue motorcycle leaned against a sleek banana plant , and a gaggle of scraggly chickens pecked lazily in the powdery dirt . 
 there appeared to be a larger clearing beyond the house , and sure enough , a straw-colored airplane was sheltered under a structure made of corrugated tin sheets . 
 and in the distance , a spacious , cleared area with dirt tracks down the center : a runway . 
 alejo hollered out a greeting in spanish and a stout , balding guy wearing a stained white undershirt swaggered out from behind a sheet fluttering over the house 's open door . 
 `` alejo ! '' 
 the man 's ample face instantly spread into a grin . 
 he covered the distance between himself and his visitors quickly , clasping alejo 's hand firmly in his own beefy one . 
 there was a tattoo of a mermaid with red scales and a set of panpipes on his upper arm . 
 wara knew she should be wondering who this guy was , but thinking about the martirs made her feel dizzy . 
 her face still hurt . 
 a lot . 
 `` che , how 's it goin ' ? '' 
 the guy with the mermaid tattoo slapped alejo on the shoulder . 
 `` you gon na take helda up ? '' 
 he turned to greet the girl at alejo 's side but stopped short of the kiss on the cheek when he saw the condition of wara 's face . 
 the balding man took her hand carefully instead and held it , frowning back at alejo in concern . 
 `` che , what have you been doing to this woman ? 
 i hope it was n't you , eh ? '' 
 he was trying to joke , but the alarm in the guy 's eyes said he suspected it was indeed alejo who was responsible for the condition of wara 's nose . 
 she suddenly felt ashamed , standing there with bare , filthy feet and dried blood caked on her tank top . 
 alejo laid a hand on her shoulder , and she cringed , stepping away . 
 `` boris , i 'm taking her to the doctor . '' 
 alejo saw her glaring at him and smiled tightly . 
 `` since i 'm going into cochabamba anyway on business . '' 
 `` well , good . '' 
 the fat , mermaid tattoo guy named boris nodded , shooting another worried glance at wara . 
 `` do n't forget . 
 you 'll bring me back helda tomorrow ? 
 maybe bring some tourists back ? '' 
 `` sure , if we 're lucky . 
 but now i 've got ta fly like a bat outta hell . 
 do you think we could get her up in five minutes ? '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 boris shrugged and his belly jiggled under the white undershirt . 
 `` on the way back we can have a beer . 
 i wo n't tell the khan . 
 just sign the log please , and i 'll get her ready . '' 
 boris winked and pulled a tattered notebook sporting the fading image of the incredible hulk out of his back pocket . 
 alejo pulled the lid off a ballpoint pen with his teeth , scribbled something in the notebook , and flipped the pen and notebook back towards boris . 
 the portly airplane owner whipped around with amazing agility and started towards the airplane , shouting instructions into a small black radio he had somehow produced and now held up to his mouth . 
 `` boris ! '' 
 alejo yelled after him . 
 boris turned around distractedly as he dictated what appeared to be flight coordinates to someone across the radio waves . 
 `` let your daughter lend some clothes to this poor girl . '' 
 wara wanted to sink into the ground as alejo motioned towards her with a sheepish grin . 
 `` c'mon ! 
 i 'll bring her something new back from the market in cochabamba when i come . '' 
 boris must have nodded his approval , because wara heard alejo holler `` gracias '' , then motioned her forward towards the ramshackle house . 
 he yanked the blue-checked sheet draped over the doorway aside so wara could enter the house . 
 she clenched her fists as she squeezed past alejo 's sweat-soaked t-shirt . 
 the room just inside the door was cramped , graced with a burnt orange couch with torn upholstery and a few armchairs . 
 an antique wooden shelf holding a murky fish tank and an army of porcelain clowns and teddy bears was stuffed in a corner . 
 with the low glass coffee table in the middle of the room there was barely space to turn around . 
 a wicker ceiling fan swirled above , lop-sided and losing the battle to cool the room from the tropical heat . 
 a chubby teenage girl with deep red lip liner and a black brittany spears tank top with rhinestones stuck her head out of the doorway of one of the back rooms . 
 `` hey , alexis , '' alejo greeted the girl . 
 `` what 's up ? 
 say , your dad said i could ask you a big favor . 
 my friend here would like to borrow some of your clothes . 
 i told your dad i 'd bring you something new back from the market in cochabamba . '' 
 alexis kissed alejo on the cheek but looked skeptical about his offer . 
 she raised one plucked eyebrow and took in wara 's bloody face and disgusting appearance . 
 `` my dad said that ? '' 
 wara squared her jaw , determined to get through this , to get to the martirs and make sure they were safe . 
 alejo tried his most convincing smile . 
 `` c'mon , i bet i 've got good taste . '' 
 `` fine , no problem , alejo . '' 
 alexis shook her head and rolled her eyes . 
 she took one last glance at wara but did n't seem to be concerned as she sauntered into the back room . 
 apparently boris ' little adobe house was the kind of place bloodied strangers could show up and no one would blink an eye . 
 wara was feeling weak again and wished she could sink down into the faded orange sofa . 
 a sudden thought halted her midstride towards the couch . 
 `` i know the numbers of all your family 's cell phones . 
 we can call them . 
 good old alexis must have a phone we can use , right ? '' 
 `` nope , '' alejo shook his head firmly . 
 `` i 'm not about to use the cell phones here -- could be tracked afterwards . 
 my sat phone stayed with stalin , since he had it on him when i went into the tent to?talk with you right before the khan showed up . '' 
 `` what about internet ? '' 
 wara was feeling desperate , like she was trying to run through quicksand , not able to move a single step forward . 
 there had to be some way to warn nazaret 's family , before alejo and wara could make it to cochabamba in the plane outside . 
 `` yeah , there 's internet . '' 
 `` well , i can catch your sister on facebook . 
 she 's online like all the time . 
 she 's got to be online right now . '' 
 `` my sister still uses that ? 
 are n't there social networking pages that are a little more?modern ? '' 
 `` yeah , well . 
 some of us still use it . '' 
 alejo led wara into the first side room , where , sure enough , there was a very sleek , cobalt-colored computer sitting atop a battered bamboo desk . 
 `` do n't we have to ask ? '' 
 wara looked up at him . 
 alejo was opening a little black fridge in the corner of the office . 
 he pulled out a bottle of very cold water , twisted off the lid and handed it to wara . 
 `` here . 
 drink this . 
 nope , me and my friends kind of half live here . '' 
 alejo was already flipping on switches and in a few seconds wara was sitting before a picture of alexis in a canary yellow bikini , along with several swarthy teenage boys , next to one of the cascading waterfalls just outside of coroico . 
 nice . 
 she gulped half the water bottle , then signed into facebook while alejo drank the rest . 
 `` yes ! 
 i knew it ! '' 
 she hissed triumphantly . 
 the little green icon blinked back at her , telling her nazaret was signed in , as usual . 
 that girl was always on facebook . 
 alexis came in , winked at alejo and tried to strike a sultry pose . 
 `` bring me a pair of really tight jeans , ok alejo ? 
 you 'd better take a good look so you can remember my size . '' 
 she unceremoniously dumped a pile of clothes on the desk , posed again , then scoffed and stalked away when alejo did n't even look at her . 
 wara was typing furiously . 
 `` nazaret , are you there ?? 
 please , let me know if you are there , quickly . 
 it 's urgente ! '' 
 ten eternal seconds passed , and then the reply message blinked , `` wara ??? are you ok ? '' 
 by now , nazaret must have heard about the accident . 
 eduardo and the australians must have told the martirs that she and noah had been on the bus . 
 but there was no time for beating around the bush . 
 `` i 'm ok . 
 you could never guess who is here with me right now . 
 i am here with your brother . 
 alejandro . '' 
 more time clicked by , and wara could n't even begin to imagine the look on her friend 's face . 
 finally a single word came back from nazaret . 
 `` what ????? '' `` there 's no time to explain it to you right now , but i 'm here with your brother , and he was involved with some people ? . 
 anyway , he knows you are in trouble . 
 some really bad people are going to come looking for your family to kill you . 
 you have to run . 
 now ! '' 
 `` tell them to go to the hostel salta , '' alejo whispered , leaning over wara and gripping the edge of the desk . 
 `` alejo says to go to the hostel salta now ! '' 
 wara 's fingers flew across the keys . 
 `` do they remember where it is ? '' 
 `` you know where it is , right ? '' 
 apparently the martir family had experience with the place , maybe knew the owners . 
 a pause . 
 `` yes , i remember . '' 
 wara could almost see tears slipping down nazaret 's cheeks . 
 `` they need to register as the rojas family , '' alejo told her . 
 `` well meet them there . '' 
 as wara typed , she heard the airplane being fired up outside and wished she was already in it , soaring towards cochabamba . 
 `` they have to turn their cell phones off and leave them behind or they will be tracked , '' alejo whispered lowly , and she passed along the instructions . 
 `` tell my brother i love him . '' 
 wara glanced down and saw that nazaret had left one final message , and that she was gone . 
 for once , her status was listed as offline . 
 it looked very final . 
 alejo was staring at what his sister had typed . 
 he slid his hands over to the keyboard and nudged wara 's out of the way . 
 `` i 'm erasing this conversation , '' he said . 
 `` they 're going to come here when they realize i 'm gone . '' 
 one last click of the keyboard , and then alejo scooped up the clothes alexis had left and laid them on wara 's lap . 
 `` put these on in here , '' he instructed . 
 `` i 'm going to help boris ready the plane . '' 
 wordlessly , wara gripped the pile of clothes and forced herself to rise from the computer chair as alejo closed the door behind him . 
 the windows in the small room were covered by rickety bamboo blinds . 
 alexis had been so kind as to donate a pair of gray jogging pants that had sparkly pink lips on the rear and said diva . 
 the shirt was orange with a koala , or wombat , or some such thing cheerily stuffing a stalk of bamboo into its mouth . 
 wara managed to put everything on and slipped into a pair of white rubber flip flops with large silver jewels lining the straps . 
 this is a lot of bling . 
 underneath the jewels , her smudged toes wiggled back at her , adorned with a myriad of henna flowers . 
 wara clamped one hand on the bamboo desk unsteadily as her memory flashed back to the pickup truck and noah sitting at her side , just about to see her henna tattoos when l zaro began to speak . 
 go outside , she ordered herself , gritting her teeth . 
 get on the plane and find the martirs . 
 just find them . 
 17 brick red the white toyota corolla taxi squeezed into a spot along the curb , directly in front of an elderly man with his wooden cart full of sea green chinese fingernail clippers and long tubes of colgate toothpaste . 
 alejo paid the taxi driver in a hurry , then nearly took out the corner of the elderly man 's decrepit cart as he yanked open the back door on wara 's side and tried to help her out . 
 she stared at his outstretched hand as if it were a poisonous millipede and he staggered back , nearly tripping on the cart 's metal wheel . 
 wara frowned at him and eased herself out of the taxi , obviously in pain and very angry . 
 they both headed for the steps of the hostal salta . 
 the place was just as alejo remembered it , back when his dad 's friend from church used to run it . 
 three unlit stars sagged on a brick red wall splattered with graffiti . 
 the hostel was six skinny floors , straight up , smack dab in the center of the market . 
 it was now sundown , and despite the chill , alejo felt feverish . 
 if something happened to his family , he would never forgive himself . 
 inside , wara veered off towards the sofas in the waiting area , just like he 'd instructed her in the taxi . 
 they needed to not call attention to themselves , and walking into a hotel with a swollen , purple nose was a good way to make someone remember you . 
 alejo signed the check-in papers and got the key , making animated conversation about the latest soccer game with the kid at the counter , all the while dying inside . 
 `` got the keys , honey , '' he called to wara , throwing her one of his best grins . 
 `` ready to go upstairs ? '' 
 the guy behind the counter must think he was the cheapest guy in the world , bringing his date to a dive like this . 
 but cheap hostels did n't ask for copies of your id . 
 alejo slung an arm around wara 's shoulder and pulled her into his side as they made for the stairs , hoping it looked romantic instead of like he was trying to hide her . 
 wara panted right behind him up three flights of stairs . 
 he had gotten them the room right next to pablo martir . 
 alias pablo rojas . 
 his family had made it here . 
 and he was going to have to face them . 
 alejo stopped in front of room 303 and rapped on the door , blinking away a bead of sweat that ran through his lashes and into his eye . 
 a hurried grinding noise sounded inside as the door quivered . 
 `` si ? '' 
 wara whispered loudly through the door , shoulders sagging with relief . 
 `` it 's me . 
 we 're here . '' 
 the door opened with a soft whoosh , revealing an entire clan of people , gathered behind alejo 's father in a nervous cluster . 
 alejo blinked . 
 and stared . 
 pablo martir looked the same , except for the sprinkling of silver in his jet black hair . 
 he was a little shorter than alejo , but the square jaw that the pastor clenched as he stared at alejo was the same one alejo saw in the mirror every day . 
 `` hello , '' he stammered . 
 then , `` c'mon , we should get inside '' . 
 head spinning , he guided wara by the arm through the doorway as his parents and all the children scuttled out of his way . 
 alejo closed the door with one foot and slid the deadbolt into place . 
 his mother stood there , older but still beautiful . 
 had he really not seen his mother in so many years ? 
 noly martir was staring at him as if she were seeing a ghost . 
 `` i-i 'm glad that you 're here , '' he said hoarsely . 
 next to him , wara sunk onto one of the room 's many beds . 
 the room was large and lined with about eight single beds , all with pink pinstriped sheets . 
 alejo paced to each of the windows , making sure they were secured and not easy to open . 
 `` anyone following you on your way here ? '' 
 he asked them . 
 `` any strange cars outside your house ? '' 
 everyone shook their heads no , staring at him with wide hazel eyes that mirrored his own . 
 `` everyone left behind their cell phones ? '' 
 alejo was relieved that they all nodded . 
 he had a couple of implanted tracking devices , in case anyone needed to track him when he was on assignment . 
 they would n't be a problem now , though , because the things had to be activated at close range by whoever was going to track him . 
 the teenager who must be his little brother nathaniel watched him with something like awe , never leaving his mother 's side . 
 when alejo left cochabamba to live with his uncle , nathaniel had been two and toddling around the patio in soiled pampers . 
 nareth , nadia , nestor , and naveli huddled on one of the beds , not recognizing him even a bit . 
 they had all been little babies when he stopped by his parents ' house for the only time after running away . 
 he only went home to get some of his clothes and cds . 
 just a quick stop before he headed back to santa cruz and his uncle on the bus . 
 no time to spend with a preachy old preacher and a mother who constantly prodded about how he was doing and a house-full of raucous little martirs who kept multiplying like rabbits . 
 naveli had been born several years after he had last seen his family . 
 now he picked her out right away , a little seven-year old hanging on one of pastor martir 's legs , whimpering . 
 alejo sank down onto one of the unmade beds and planted his feet firmly on the floor , determined not to be sick . 
 `` there are definitely some things you need to know , '' he swallowed hard , `` now that i 've gotten you in this mess , but first ? '' 
 he stood up stiffly from the bed and fought the urge to pace . 
 `` we need to get wara to a doctor , '' pastor martir interrupted with concern , staring at wara and surely thinking about the fact that she had been in a near-fatal bus accident . 
 alejo held up one hand . 
 `` i know that she 's in some pain , but she 'll be fine . 
 i asked the guy downstairs to have a taxi sent over with some anti-inflammatories from the pharmacy . 
 the nose is probably broken , but i wo n't be able to tell for forty-eight hours if it needs to be set . 
 the swelling has to go down first . '' 
 noly and nazaret audibly gasped as they swung around toward wara , noticing for the first time her puffy , bruised face . 
 crusty patches of blood had dried around her violet and yellow nose . 
 alejo felt low as a dog , knowing everyone was looking at wara and assuming this had happened to her in the bus accident . 
 the accident that he had caused . 
 before punching a girl in the face and knocking her to the ground , then dragging her away with a knife to the throat . 
 `` oh dear lord ! 
 the accident ! '' 
 noly gasped , catching her hand over her mouth . 
 `` i still ca n't believe?we heard on the news that everyone was dead , even though sar search and rescue has just begun to bring up the bodies . 
 and then you chatted with nazaret ? '' 
 noly 's pale face flashed back towards alejo . 
 `` and she said you were with alejandro . 
 wara ? '' 
 nazaret 's mother hesitated , then tentatively asked , `` noah was with you . 
 do you know ?? '' 
 `` i do n't know?what happened to noah , '' wara said , expression clearly saying she wished alejo would slither away like the snake that he was . 
 `` i was thrown out of the bus . 
 he was sitting right by me , but i could n't find him . '' 
 her lip shook , and she visibly forced herself not to cry . 
 `` these guys , '' she jerked her chin over alejo 's way in the bolivian style of pointing , `` say that no one else but me survived . 
 i passed out , and then was picked up , by the killers . '' 
 nazaret 's blond ringlets appeared next to her mother , eyes full of tears . 
 alejo remembered her , the sister closest to him in age . 
 and suddenly he knew he 'd missed her . 
 `` wara ? '' 
 she said , `` they say on the news it will take at least another day to continue the search for survivors and?bring up the rest of the bodies . '' 
 her voice choked and she grabbed onto her mother for support . 
 `` the bus fell more than a thousand feet down the ravine , and then it-it exploded . 
 i just ca n't believe you 're alive ! '' 
 nazaret was sobbing now , and alejo felt as if he were in another world , a twilight zone that could not be reality . 
 never in his worst nightmares had he imagined being reunited with his family like this . 
 `` wara , '' noly martir 's tear-stained voice continued , `` a man from noah 's mission told me today that noah 's parents will be in la paz by tomorrow night . 
 your parents were still waiting to see what happens . 
 the sar search and rescue have n't ? 
 found any one who survived the crash . 
 everyone from the bus is presumed dead . '' 
 alejo felt his fists clench hard at his sides , the words hitting him like a load of bricks . 
 franco salazar must be dead . 
 and wara and noah paid the price for the man 's sins . 
 everyone was crying , well at least it seemed like it . 
 his mother , his sister nazaret , several of the little kids whose faces he did n't even recognize . 
 alejo 's chest began to constrict , and he tried in vain to be rational . 
 he had thought this out . 
 salazar needed to die , whatever the cost . 
 of course it was possible there could be other casualties . 
 i am a murderer . 
 `` alejo . '' 
 the broken voice of his father sliced through his heart . 
 alejo turned towards him as if in daze . 
 pablo martir 's eyes were red-rimmed as alejo managed to meet them , steeling himself to do the right thing and give whatever it took of himself to make this right , as much as possible . 
 i , alejandro benjamin martir , am a murderer , and it 's time to pay . 
 `` son , '' pastor martir began , `` wara said that she was found by the killers . '' 
 alejo 's father placed one protective hand on his wife 's shoulder , moving in front of her and nathaniel as he spoke . 
 `` and that she was with you . '' 
 the unspoken question hung in the air , surrounded by children 's shuddering sobs . 
 as if in slow motion , one by one , the other members of the martir family moved up next to their father , warily , staring at him with those hazel eyes . 
 the little one , naveli , sniffed loudly and cried , `` noah ! '' 
 `` i 'll tell you everything , '' alejo promised hoarsely . 
 `` but not in front of the children . 
 18 dark alejo led his parents up to the roof , followed by nazareth and nathaniel . 
 his heart ached as he left wara with the youngest children in the room and pushed open a door that led to the flat concrete roof of the hostal salta . 
 a high brick wall held together with globs of roughly-formed gray mortar provided privacy . 
 a few threadbare , freshly-washed sheets flapped in the breeze in one corner of the roof , drying in the fading sunshine . 
 alejo trudged to the center of the roof , where rusty metal chairs circled a wobbly table . 
 he absently stared at the surrounding buildings , praying-yes , praying-that there would n't be any problems with security at their present location for at least the next few hours , until he could explain to his parents how it came to be that he had set assassins on the trail of his baby sisters . 
 a squeaking of metal told him that his family had taken seats in the awkward silence , unsure of what to do . 
 my parents may have done many things that were wrong , but they and the kids did n't deserve this . 
 the silence suffocated , and alejo needed to escape it . 
 `` i work with a group that partners with hezbollah , '' he finally said , avoiding nazaret 's teary gaze . 
 with a start , he wondered if he should use the past tense . 
 everything is happening so fast ? 
 `` until this afternoon . '' 
 for the first time in a very long while , alejo found himself struggling for words . 
 how could he explain who he was , when his family had not known him for fourteen years ? 
 and who are you now ? 
 alejo thought . 
 do you even know ? 
 nazaret was staring at him , white face stricken with shock . 
 `` you 're a muslim ? 
 hezbollah ? 
 they 're terrorists ! '' 
 `` no , hezbollah has renounced terrorism , '' alejo insisted . 
 `` you 're thinking of hamas . 
 or al-qaeda . '' 
 alejo paused , trying to come up with words . 
 `` i was a muslim . 
 i?am not anymore . '' 
 he could n't even bring himself to mention the name of jesus in this discussion as his reason for leaving islam . 
 the weight of what he had done felt as if it could never be erased . 
 alejo cleared his face of emotion and tried to state the facts clearly . 
 `` i was the leader of a team in an organization that kills evil men . 
 my team put explosives on the bus that left coroico on sunday night . 
 it was supposed to contain only the targets , but noah and wara apparently got on the bus at the last minute . 
 the men from my team brought wara to me , after they found her by the road , alive . 
 they would have killed her too , and i left with her to avoid that . 
 so i suppose my membership in the organization has been canceled . '' 
 alejo 's mouth flattened into a wry , grim line . 
 `` wara 's bus ! '' 
 pablo martir 's face flooded red . 
 his knuckles tightened violently around the edge of his chair . 
 `` you?you did that ? '' 
 nazaret squeaked . 
 everyone else seemed too horrified to even speak . 
 `` not only that , '' alejo 's voice was strained , `` but when i left the organization , i put your lives in danger . 
 they do n't like traitors and as soon as they found out i left with wara , i 'm sure they started to look for you . 
 i was a leader , and the punishment for leaving is death for my family . '' 
 now alejo leaned back into his chair , hating the looks on their faces , hating that he was the one who had caused all this . 
 wara said they have prayed for me for years , that i would be safe and following jesus , he remembered bitterly . 
 and now i show up , a muslim , a criminal , who has ruined their lives . 
 `` oh god , '' noly martir whispered , covering her mouth with her hand . 
 for a second no one could speak . 
 then alejo 's mother stood up unevenly from the iron chair , a look of intense sadness quivering on her face . 
 `` alejo , those are your little brothers and sisters below us in that room . 
 are they safe sleeping here , with you ? 
 what is going to happen to them ? 
 oh god , '' she repeated , her voice breaking . 
 `` you never even knew them , and already you have made their lives forfeit . '' 
 `` noah ! '' 
 nazaret cried , breaking into sobs as well , dropping down onto her knees on the concrete floor . 
 `` and wara?why ? 
 what have you done to them ? 
 alejo , do n't you know how much i loved you ? 
 how much i missed you ? '' 
 `` wara told me , '' alejo muttered , struggling to meet his sister 's weepy eyes . 
 he turned towards his mother and held out a hand towards her , then dropped it to his side . 
 `` i will do all that i can to keep them safe while they 're sleeping , '' he promised gravely . 
 alejo felt that until now his father had been ominously silent . 
 dropping down on a stack of concrete blocks facing his family , alejo watched him out of the corner of his eye , struggling against his will with all the ancient bitterness that welled up in the presence of pablo martir . 
 was the pastor shocked that his son had been living as a muslim ? 
 well , i was happy as a muslim , dad . 
 did you really , honestly expect me to want to be a christian ? 
 did you ever realize what you had done , when you heard about ruben ? 
 apparently , if ruben had affected his family at all , they had recovered just fine . 
 word was that pablo martir was still a pastor . 
 not much appeared to have changed . 
 alejo 's father leaned back in his chair with a firm , metallic clink as the legs shifted against the uneven concrete . 
 alejo jerked his head around to look at him , eyes blank , ready to be verbally decimated . 
 he was almost looking forward to it . 
 `` amor , '' pablo began , in a deep , only slightly unsteady voice directed at his wife . 
 `` please go back downstairs with the kids and stay with wara . 
 i need to talk with our son?alone . '' 
 fine , alejo steeled himself . 
 man to man . 
 alejo was glad his father appeared sufficiently cool-headed and rational , even after alejo 's horrifying revelation . 
 he needed to talk with his father about a plan to save their lives . 
 it was a heavy first conversation , all in all , after fourteen years . 
 noly and nazaret still could n't speak , and the two of them made their way unsteadily towards the black door that led back to their room . 
 nathaniel followed them slowly , eyes dark , glancing back at his long-lost brother with a mixture of morbid curiosity and fear . 
 he gently closed the rusting door with a slight clang behind him . 
 alejo opened his mouth to speak as pablo abruptly pushed one of the wrought-iron chairs across the concrete with his foot , causing a high-pitched scraping sound . 
 `` please sit down . '' 
 alejo 's father motioned towards the chair , directly across the table from himself , with his chin . 
 alejo sat down in the chair , hiding his uneasiness . 
 `` are your brothers , sisters , and your mother safe downstairs ? '' 
 pablo asked first . 
 his voice was even and low , but alejo noticed a bead of sweat riding his father 's forehead . 
 `` for now . 
 i have to get all of you out of here as soon as possible . 
 it 's ? 
 not safe for you here anymore , and you 'll all have to?leave the country . '' 
 alejo winced as he heard his own words , suddenly realizing how crazy they sounded . 
 i have n't seen them in years , and now i show up and tell them they have to leave the only country they 've ever known . 
 now . 
 `` you need to explain this to me again , '' pablo sighed seriously . 
 `` you were involved with a muslim organization that you have become uninvolved with , and because of that they are after us , to kill us ? '' 
 alejo nodded , miserable . 
 `` yep , they as in some pretty well-trained , smart guys . 
 if i do n't get you into hiding , they will find you . '' 
 now a little of his father 's composure crumpled and he swallowed hard before getting out the next question . 
 `` you?killed noah ? 
 the bus?you ? 
 did that ? '' 
 had he not believed it before ? 
 bile rushed into alejo 's stomach and he curled his fingers around the chair 's sharp armrests with an iron grip to avoid once again emptying his stomach . 
 he had never seen the man , but noah had been one of his sister 's best friends . 
 in the taxi , wara had told him how noah had been in charge of getting his sister home safely every night they worked until late at a caf in downtown cochabamba . 
 `` franco salazar was on the bus , heading back to la paz , '' alejo managed . 
 `` he was an evil man , and the bomb was meant for him . '' 
 alejo 's father 's face looked very pained , and he searched his son 's eyes carefully . 
 alejo felt sick , not at all ready to get into a discussion of the past with his father . 
 his father 's face , however , was unreadable . 
 `` did you only come back to warn us because we are your family ? '' 
 alejo nearly shot out of his chair . 
 `` no ! 
 i told you , i 'm not a muslim anymore , and i have left the organization ! 
 i knew i needed to leave for a while , when i realized that i believe what jesus taught , not islam . 
 but i found out that if i left , they would come after you ! '' 
 rambling and stammering , alejo 's statement about believing jesus obviously came as another shock to his father . 
 surely the last thing that makes any sense right now is to hear that his son has just left islam , after committing murder , and is now declaring himself to be a follower of jesus . 
 alejo groaned and leaned back heavily in his chair . 
 `` i did n't want anything to happen to you , '' he ground out flatly , `` but they were about to slit wara 's throat . 
 i had to leave with her . '' 
 `` thank god you did ? '' 
 pablo muttered , appearing to be still trying to take it all in . 
 `` so , you kill people as part of your job , but you decided to help wara . 
 and now you left that job ? '' 
 `` dad . '' 
 alejo cut him off , his whole body tense . 
 `` i ca n't talk about all this now . 
 i just ca n't . 
 i feel bad-it 's been a long time , and i just show up and ruin your lives . 
 for that , you do n't know how sorry i am . 
 now , unfortunately , we 've got to talk about getting you all out of here . 
 i have more than enough money , and i 'll do whatever it takes . '' 
 pablo seemed hurt by alejo 's tone , and he stared at his son , maybe trying to find the skinny fourteen year old boy who had left his house in anger . 
 alejo shifted his eyes uncomfortably , refused to let his gaze ride to the floor . 
 `` son , '' pastor martir finally said , voice breaking a little , `` where have you been ? 
 your mother thought you must be dead . 
 or working for drug dealers , in prison ? '' 
 `` well , '' alejo clipped , stomach tight , `` as you can see , everything is so much better than you imagined . '' 
 he immediately regretted his sarcastic words as his father looked away . 
 `` dad , '' alejo said with a sigh , `` there 's nothing i can do to make this reunion a happy one for you . '' 
 his father looked dazed , then asked , `` so this was all about franco salazar ? '' 
 alejo felt his heart leap into his chest , and the acid that rushed into his stomach told him that there was no way he could talk about this with his father , not now . 
 `` i told you , dad , i just ca n't talk about it , '' he insisted , eyes dark . 
 pablo martir 's face looked so pained that alejo tried to soften his tone , ignoring the nausea . 
 `` maybe someday we can talk . 
 but not today . 
 right now the only thing that is important is getting you all out of here , so you can live . '' 
 the strong shoulders of alejo 's father finally slanted as he crumpled back into the chair , desolate . 
 alejo 's footsteps dragged as he trudged down the narrow stairs , leaving his father alone on the hostel roof . 
 seeing his parents again still had the sheen of unreality . 
 a dark , nightmare-ish unreality , in light of the situation he had put his entire family in . 
 his mother was right . 
 he was still confused about half of the kids downstairs , which face went with what name . 
 he did n't know them . 
 but they were his brothers and sisters , for goodness sake ! 
 alejo loosed a heavy sigh and waited outside the hostel room door , fighting the urge to find cigarettes and do some serious smoking . 
 he 'd quit years ago , after finding that wheezing while trying to outrun danger and bullets could be pretty inconvenient . 
 and now , suddenly , that life was over . 
 he , alejo martir , was no longer employed by the prism , and he might never see his team , who were like brothers , again . 
 and if he did ever see their faces , it could be behind the muzzle of a gun . 
 alejo blinked , startled , as the wooden door jerked open and he found himself facing nazaret . 
 `` you should n't have opened to me , '' he scolded softly . 
 `` ask first . 
 you did n't know who i was . '' 
 nazaret 's round face waned exhausted . 
 she met his eyes sadly , shattering him with a million memories of blanket forts under the dining room table and licking popsicles on the front porch . 
 `` i still do n't know who you are , '' she said , then left him standing at the door and returned to flop onto an unmade bed . 
 alejo carefully closed the door then turned to his youngest siblings , trying a reassuring smile . 
 `` your dad will be down in a minute , '' he told them . 
 they 're probably worried i left him dead up there on the roof . 
 what kind of brother am i ? 
 alejo forced his gaze from the wide-eyed little martirs to his mother and wara , sitting wearily together on one of the beds he was glad to see pills on the bedside table ; the stuff he had ordered must have arrived from the pharmacy . 
 wara and noly had obviously been in deep discussion just before alejo interrupted them and his heart sunk three notches lower , easily imagining that little chat . 
 there would be the part about how alejo had smacked her in the face , then nearly slit her throat . 
 and before that , how he had handcuffed her and kissed her . 
 alejo felt his face heat . 
 no matter how highly he thought of himself and his problem-solving abilities , there really was no fixing this situation , was there ? 
 alejo suddenly felt very tired and sank down onto a bed across from wara . 
 `` we should call your family , '' he said . 
 wara speared him with reddened eyes . 
 `` i already did . 
 from the street . 
 i called the bennesons , who work with my mission , too . '' 
 alejo nodded once , admiring how she seemed to make good decisions even in stressful situations . 
 `` they must want you to come home , right away . '' 
 noly martir lowered her brows at her son , expression a mixture of love and annoyance . 
 `` of course they do , alejandro . 
 their daughter almost died . 
 but she wo n't go . '' 
 alejo eyed wara , whose jaw was set firmly . 
 `` she wo n't go until she finds out if noah is still alive . '' 
 alejo remained silent , removing his gaze from his mother and sister and folding his arms across his chest . 
 his mother and sister must think him a psychopath . 
 and maybe i am . 
 keys jingled in the lock and alejo tensed , then relaxed as pablo martir entered the room . 
 it was time to leave this room , and quickly . 
 he and wara would be just on the other side of the thin wall , definitely within his ear shot in case of danger . 
 basically ignoring his wayward oldest son , pastor martir walked among his younger children , forcing a smile and patting them each on the head . 
 noly pulled little naveli onto her lap and kissed her . 
 `` i 've been talking with your brother , '' pablo addressed the whole family , `` and he has some very good ideas of how to help us , which we 'll talk about tomorrow . 
 now it 's time for all of us to sleep , but first we 're going to pray . 
 no matter what happens , god is always with us , and he keeps us all in the palm of his hand . '' 
 strangling on the need to escape this little moment of martir family prayer , alejo quickly stood up and moved towards wara . 
 `` excuse me . 
 i 'll get out of your way so you can take care of your family . '' 
 you sound so cold . 
 as if they were n't your family too . 
 but it had been so long , an entire lifetime . 
 naveli peeped at alejo from long-lashed hazel eyes , lips purple around a giant lollipop . 
 alejo stared at her , then tore his gaze away and motioned to wara . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but you 'd better come with me . '' 
 everyone started , and alejo faced his parents . 
 `` i registered us downstairs together . 
 besides , i told her i 'd take care of her . 
 i 'm not letting her out of my sight . '' 
 alejo was surprised when wara rolled out of bed without arguing and prepared to follow him . 
 the zombie-like expression in her eyes , along with her lack of protest , actually worried him . 
 wara looked ready to collapse . 
 equally as worrying was the fact that no one in his family protested his orders , at least not with words . 
 after all , i suppose you do n't argue with a man who 's just confessed to being a killer , even if he is your own son . 
 wara stumbled next to him towards the door . 
 alejo left his family locked in the room , more disgusted with himself than he had been in a long , long time . 
 19 transparent the door slid open before wara and alejo with a mute whine . 
 alejo flipped on the light switch and wara pushed past him into the room , identical to the martirs ' except that it held only two single beds . 
 past the point of absolute exhaustion , wara stumbled over to one of the beds and kicked off her white flip-flops . 
 the wool blanket covered worn , striped sheets , and she ripped back the covers and fell inside . 
 she forced her breathing to even , willing herself to sleep , just sleep . 
 she was lying here in a hostel room with the man who tried to kill her and noah . 
 only sleep would bring the blessed unconsciousness she craved . 
 but sleep would n't come . 
 her frayed mind whirled around a single thought , faster and faster , polishing it to a weighty obsession . 
 finally , she flipped herself over on the lumpy bed to face alejo , still visible in the dim light of the small bedside lamp . 
 he was hunched over on the edge of the other bed , wearing the same gray t-shirt and cargo pants , head in his hands . 
 for some reason , the thought crossed wara 's mind that those were now his only clothes ; nazaret 's brother had literally left his old life with only the clothes on his back . 
 he frowning , wara realized that he could probably never go back and get any of his stuff from wherever he had lived , because now he was in big trouble . 
 because he had saved wara 's life . 
 `` why did you do it ? '' 
 she wondered out loud . 
 alejo twisted to face her , hazel eyes rimmed in red . 
 `` the bus ? '' 
 `` no-i mean yes . 
 but first-why did you leave your group ? 
 you believed so much in what you were doing you were willing to even kill . '' 
 the words tasted bitter , like copper . 
 `` why would you leave ? '' 
 alejo drew in a breath , and it was sharp , hurried . 
 he took his time , swinging his legs over to the other side of the bed so he could face her , eyes flickering back and forth . 
 the guy looked tortured . 
 he raised his eyes to hers , slowly closed then opened them . 
 `` it started because of jesus , '' he said . 
 `` i realized that i ca n't believe what i believe about him and be a muslim . 
 my group is made up of muslims . 
 but then there is ishmael , our boss . '' 
 he hesitated , eyes flickering again as if seeing some painful scene across the back of his eyelids . 
 wara saw the exact moment he decided to go ahead with whatever it was he was going to tell her . 
 `` ishmael and other powerful men do n't want the word to get out about what i saw in pakistan , '' he said . 
 `` on my last trip there , ishmael took me to the tribal area near afghanistan . 
 that 's a place ? '' 
 `` i know where that is . '' 
 `` ok . '' 
 wara enjoyed the moment of showing him she was n't as dumb as he might think . 
 alejo nodded with respect and continued . 
 `` we were way out in the middle of nowhere , visiting a five-house town near the fighting . 
 and huddled inside one of the buildings where fighters crash when they 're not out shooting rockets at each other , i found about one hundred bolivian teenagers , dressed like mujahedeen , waiting to go back to the skirmish . '' 
 wara frowned , confused . 
 `` what ?? '' 
 `` that 's how i found out , wara , that ishmael 's foundation has been recruiting among the native peoples , especially in bolivia . 
 he explained to me that the recruiters visit small towns in the countryside and talk to the young guys . 
 they recruit them for islam , but in reality they exploit them , only telling them about an islam that they can join to fight together against a common cause : western imperialism . 
 they tell these converts that they are getting an expense-paid trip overseas to study for free . 
 but they end up in the tribal area , or god knows where else . '' 
 `` the missing ! '' 
 wara repeated the term the quechua women had used on that trip to the bible conference with noah . 
 `` in the countryside , a lot of women told me that their sons have disappeared . '' 
 alejo 's mouth pressed together in a firm line . 
 `` i do n't know how many bolivians are over in pakistan right now , or how many have already been killed . 
 their families will never know . '' 
 he shook his head and then sat up straighter . 
 `` anyway , believing what i do about jesus and finding that out meant it was just a matter of time til i left the prism . 
 when you?when i saw you?i had to leave right away . '' 
 alejo 's voice faltered , and he cleared his throat . 
 `` but ? '' 
 wara found she could n't say the thought that had just run through her head . 
 all she could come up with was , `` why did you have to kill us ? '' 
 `` do you really want to know ? '' 
 alejo was quieter than wara had expected . 
 `` it 's not going to make you feel any better , you know . 
 i ca n't fix it . '' 
 `` yes , i want to know . 
 how could you do this ? '' 
 she crossed her arms tighter across her chest and shivered . 
 alejo closed his eyes , then looked away . 
 `` the reason we targeted the bus you were on is because it was chartered by a guy named franco salazar . 
 salazar is?was ? 
 `` alejo winced but kept going '' ? 
 not only a government official for the state of cochabamba . 
 he was also a child molester , and ran the largest child pornography ring in bolivia and paraguay . '' 
 wara fought to keep her jaw from dropping and stared back at alejo . 
 that guy had been on her bus ? 
 `` he was going to leave for thailand , wara , today , from la paz . 
 did you know thailand is a major center for child prostitution ? 
 this is not the first time salazar has been to thailand . '' 
 alejo 's eyes radiated hurt and horror . 
 despite herself , wara felt her heart twist with disgust for franco salazar-if all of this were really true . 
 why should i believe anything he says ? 
 `` the police would never touch him , '' alejo continued , `` because of bribes , high-up friendships . 
 the man was protected from every angle you can imagine . 
 how many more children would have their lives ruined , while i sat , a ` good ' man , doing nothing ? '' 
 alejo raised his hands to make sarcastic quotation marks in the air around the word `` good '' , lips twisting cynically . 
 he paused , then asked distractedly : `` did my parents ever tell you about ruben mamani ? 
 no , of course not . '' 
 alejo caught wara 's blank look and heaved a sigh . 
 `` they probably forgot . 
 anyway . 
 before franco salazar worked for the national government , he was the mayor of quillacollo . '' 
 a medium-sized town on the outskirts of cochabamba . 
 `` and before my family lived in cochabamba , they lived in quillacollo , where my dad pastored a really big , popular church . '' 
 wara vaguely remembered hearing that years ago pablo martir had been senior pastor of a huge church in quillacollo , with its own radio station , seminary , and everything . 
 alejo was still telling his story . 
 `` my best friend ruben was a year younger than me , and he was from a poorer family , quechua . 
 he loved to come over to my house because we had cable and a big yard , and he lived in a little house with one room . 
 we always played cars and war and everything you can imagine . 
 and , '' alejo 's eyes darkened dangerously , `` we also went together to play basketball at the community center , which was set up so nicely for the boys from the neighborhood by the friendly local mayor , franco salazar . '' 
 wara 's gut began to tell her this story was not going to have a pleasant ending . 
 `` when i was thirteen , '' alejo said in a strangled voice , `` ruben told me that salazar had been abusing him for three years . 
 i told my parents , because i thought they would do something . 
 my dad had a lot of influence in the community . 
 they had a school , and three or four hundred people coming to their church . 
 my dad even had his own radio program . 
 i told them , thinking they would tell the police , that they would help my friend and put salazar in jail . 
 i was thirteen?i did n't know what to do without their help . 
 well , my parents listened to me , and then they looked at each other with this look . 
 my father told me that we had to keep this to ourselves . 
 and , of course , my mother agreed . 
 biblical submission to your husband and all that . '' 
 alejo 's tanned face had paled in the light of the lamp , and wara frowned deeply , scandalized . 
 alejo was saying the martirs told him not to report child abuse ? 
 `` my parents told me that if we put ourselves on salazar 's bad side , '' alejo said , `` we would lose our permission to have the church in the town . 
 and who would be the light of the gospel to the community then ? 
 they said , if they got involved in this situation , they would lose all their influence for christ . '' 
 a long pause and then , in a more composed voice , `` one month later , ruben ended up in a ditch , dead . '' 
 alejo shrugged , as if all he had said were suddenly of no importance . 
 `` i went to live with my uncle , in santa cruz and went to a high school built by the iranian government . 
 life as a pastor 's kid suddenly just did n't seem palatable to me anymore . '' 
 alejo finished the last sentence of his story in a rush , and then jumped up from the bed , uncomfortable . 
 `` whatever has happened in the past , it ca n't bring back the people who died , '' he was saying , knuckles white , when wara thrust herself up on one elbow and hissed , `` not ` people ' . 
 it was n't ` people ' who died . 
 they had names ! 
 noah hearst died ! 
 may have died ! '' 
 wara ignored how alejo looked away miserably , probably because she did n't want to give up hope that noah could still have survived . 
 `` they all had names , '' wara found herself rambling , while at the same time thinking about ruben mamani , alejo 's little friend , thrown away like trash into the mud . 
 by a horrible man who abused little children while pretending to be a leader who cared about the people , a benefactor . 
 who built a beautiful community center for desperately poor children to come play basketball , only to lure them into his clutches . 
 it was good he was dead . 
 but why could n't only he be dead ! 
 wara felt like sobbing . 
 now alejo did look physically sick , and he turned towards the door as if to go , then stumbled trying to turn around to again face wara . 
 `` salazar was a monster , wara , but what i did is still wrong ! 
 i am a murderer . 
 but i did what seemed right in the moment . 
 i had to stop it ? 
 it was the best i could do ! '' 
 with actual tears running out of the corners of his eyes , alejo whirled away and was at the door of their hostel room in two steps , out of it in three . 
 alejo martir had left the room crying . 
 wara covered her head with the blanket and cried too , for noah . 
 and maybe for ruben . 
 20 red white and blue sometime while alejo was still up on the roof , wara fell asleep under the faded sheets and heavy blanket . 
 she was startled , when her eyes cracked open , to see that the hostel room was filled with gray light , filtering through the sheer fabric of the cream curtains . 
 a few fiery rays of sun poked out from behind a tall red brick building . 
 it was morning . 
 wara jerked into a sitting position , flipping her gaze over to alejo 's bed , half-expecting it to still be empty . 
 his body was tucked under the covers , however , back towards wara . 
 at the sound of wara 's movement , alejo inhaled sharply and shot up on one elbow , rolling over onto his back at lightning speed . 
 he seemed relieved to see it was only her . 
 alejo groaned and sank back onto the pillow on his back , black hair sticking up wildly in all directions . 
 he scrubbed both fists across his eyes , then swung his legs over the side of the bed , sitting up to look at her . 
 `` hey , '' he said grimly . 
 feeling the awkwardness , wara did n't respond . 
 after the emotional encounter of last night , she did n't know what to say . 
 if his story were true , it made more sense how he could actually believe god would support killing a man like franco salazar . 
 but the truth was , wara still did n't feel as if she could trust alejo martir at all . 
 he could change personalities in an instant , one minute serious and morose , the next charming and convincing , seemingly able to manipulate anyone into doing what he wanted . 
 she was n't about to trust his story about salazar until she had talked with the martirs and confirmed some facts . 
 wara threw off the covers and headed for the bathroom in alexis ' wrinkled sweat pants and wombat shirt . 
 when she came out of the bathroom , he was waiting , pacing by the window , staring down at the alley outside . 
 `` could you come over to the other room ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we really need to talk about some stuff . '' 
 `` ok . '' 
 wara shrugged . 
 she felt a little better than yesterday , after a quick shower . 
 soaking off the dried blood had hurt a lot , and she had washed her face without looking in the mirror , afraid of what she would see . 
 alejo had got her some ibuprofen , but she still felt like some foreign object was lodged on her face , twice the size of her own nose . 
 at least the throbbing had died down . 
 fighting the depression , wara trudged after alejo to the hall and the martirs ' door . 
 it was cracked open , and alejo pushed the deadbolt into place after they slipped inside . 
 `` dad . '' 
 alejo 's voice sounded unnatural saying the word . 
 `` can you come here for a second ? 
 i need to run this by you . '' 
 pablo martir looked as if he had n't slept a wink all night and he was staring out the window at the mountains . 
 `` alright , '' he said , and he and his son moved to one of the beds in the corner , each cautiously sitting down at the furthest extremes possible and beginning a hushed , strained conversation . 
 wara plopped down on a bed next to nazaret and noly at the other side of the room . 
 the kids were huddled on the beds , munching half-heartedly on cheesy empanada pastries and sipping chocolate milk from flimsy plastic cups . 
 the thought of food made wara want to gag . 
 `` have you heard any more news ? '' 
 she asked nazaret 's mom . 
 she was terrified they might have heard more news . 
 as long as there was no news , there was still hope . 
 noly yawned and covered her mouth with one hand . 
 `` no , '' she said , and wara closed her eyes in relief . 
 `` i made a call really early-from the street , of course . 
 alejandro says no cell phones . 
 the bennesons from your mission say they still have n't identified the body of any foreigners . 
 so far , the confirmed dead are a government guy from cochabamba and three of his staff : two women and one man . '' 
 she was so glad they had n't found noah . 
 dead . 
 but a pang came along with it , because those people who died had been on the bus with her . 
 shed seen them whispering and laughing as they got on the bus . 
 when noah decided to get on his knees in the aisle and give her the ring , the people in the back had clapped . 
 she searched for the right words , and finally said , `` i made alejo tell me why he did what he did . 
 he was trying to kill the man who used to be mayor of quillacollo . 
 he said that you guys used to know him . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 noly 's eyes grew sad , and she glanced over at nazaret . 
 `` franco salazar ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' wara nodded , snatching a watermelon bubble gum from the bedside table and popping it in her mouth . 
 her body seemed to float inches above the bed , and she felt a desperate need for the sugar . 
 `` alejo said that franco salazar was involved in all kinds of horrible stuff . 
 and that he killed a friend of his from when they were little-ruben . '' 
 nazaret 's face went pale . 
 `` i just heard last night . 
 i mean , i remember when little ruben died , but i did n't know ? '' 
 `` she did n't know anything about salazar possibly being involved , '' noly murmured . 
 `` that part of our history is a painful memory that marked our lives forever . 
 the kids were so young they did n't know what was really going on . 
 her father told her last night , because salazar came up when he was talking with alejo . '' 
 noly pointed her chin towards nazaret , who looked conflicted . 
 `` did he tell you we did n't report what happened to ruben ? '' 
 wara rolled her eyes and nodded , waiting for noly to say that idea was ridiculous . 
 but instead , noly 's eyes crinkled as she said , `` we 've regretted that decision , made out of pride and reluctance to lose our place in the community , ever since . '' 
 wara was stunned . 
 she blinked and turned her head towards alejo , deep in discussion with his father . 
 `` alejo ran the day ruben was found dead , just after he turned fourteen , '' noly continued , swallowing hard and swiping at mascara running down one cheek . 
 `` it took years for us to understand how wrong we were . 
 we started the children 's center in villa candelaria to try to repent , somehow . 
 it 's all true , wara . 
 i know why he wanted salazar dead . '' 
 wara was still in a daze when alejo 's voice cut into their conversation . 
 `` you guys are involved with the children 's center in villa candelaria ? 
 i 'm ? 
 surprised . 
 and glad . 
 i 've heard of that place -- it 's famous all over the country . 
 i just did n't know?that you were involved . '' 
 `` we are , son , '' pastor martir said from behind him , and alejo nodded slowly , seemingly confused by this new development . 
 `` i talked with?dad , '' alejo said . 
 the word still seemed to taste bitter in his mouth . 
 `` he thinks it would be good for you all to try to go to the united states . 
 to visit aunt wendy . 
 i have plenty of money , and i 'm going to go get as much as i can out of the bank now , before you go . '' 
 alejo 's family all stared at him with expressions of disbelief that clearly said : go ? 
 you mean like right now ? 
 `` wo n't they be watching the bank ? 
 all your buddies ? '' 
 wara demanded , imagining gabriel and scary benjamin staking out the bank with rifles from a crumbling apartment window across the street . 
 alejo shook his head . 
 `` there are ten branches of my bank here in cochabamba , and they do n't have enough manpower to watch all of them at the same time . 
 today i can get enough to take care of you all for quite awhile , and the rest is in a cayman islands account only i have access to . 
 i 'll get all that to you later . '' 
 pastor martir stood frowning at his son , burly arms crossed in front of his chest . 
 alejo grunted and turned to wara . 
 `` none of the family have passports , except dad . 
 i want to see if the u.s. will give them visas and put them in protection , in exchange for the information i have . 
 we also need to let the embassy know you 're alive . '' 
 he took wara back to their room , and alejo dialed the embassy number on a brand-new cell phone he had picked up across the street . 
 wara took another handful of ibuprofen from the bedside table and forced herself to sip water while alejo talked with someone for quite a long time . 
 by his frustrated expression , wara could tell the conversation did n't go well . 
 `` so ? '' 
 she asked as he punched the end button a little too hard and slammed a fist into the bedpost . 
 `` they agree with you , '' alejo scowled at the little gray phone . 
 `` i do n't think they bought most of what i said , but from the little i told them now , they have decided that i am a terrorist . 
 and , '' alejo hurled the phone onto the bed , obviously using less force than he would have liked , `` the u.s. government does not help the family of terrorists . '' 
 `` what !? '' 
 wara squawked . 
 `` they wo n't help them because you 're a terrorist ? 
 but that 's why they need help ! '' 
 alejo 's mouth twisted into a grim smile . 
 `` i guess you 're right . 
 robert cole at the embassy told me to tell you that you should contact them so they can pick you up immediately to send you home , by the way . 
 they are going to call your family right away and confirm that you are alive and well . '' 
 both alejo and wara flinched at that expression . 
 `` they have n't found the bodies of any americans , '' he added after a while , then looked away . 
 wara 's heart revved . 
 they had n't found noah 's body . 
 which meant he could still be alive . 
 he had to still be alive . 
 `` so now where will you send the martirs ? '' 
 she asked shakily . 
 `` since the good old u.s. of a has been so helpful ? '' 
 alejo grimaced and massaged his temple , feet planted on the tile floor . 
 `` everyone i know who could be any help in hiding them is connected to the prism . 
 without all those contacts , i ca n't get passports , visas , anything . '' 
 he let out a frustrated breath and then sat up , looking at wara . 
 `` we 'll go to plan b , '' he announced . 
 `` i 'll put them on a bus to lima this afternoon . 
 they wo n't check passports at the border , since they do n't look like tourists . 
 we 'll take a taxi to sacaba , that little town outside the city , and take a bus from there . 
 the guys , hopefully , will only be watching the main terminal here in the city . 
 they can get passports at the embassy there and take a flight to another country . 
 it 's all so sudden , but we have enough money and i can make a new life for my family . '' 
 alejo sighed slowly , watching wara . 
 `` you should call the embassy to come pick you up , '' he said . 
 wara 's mind was reeling . 
 those guys she had seen on the mountain -- they would forget about her soon though , right ? 
 she could go home , see her parents , find a new place to live and work ? 
 come back to bolivia someday ? 
 at the moment , wara did n't care at all what she did or where she lived . 
 only two thoughts consumed her mind : seeing the martirs safe and out of this nightmare , and finding noah hearst . 
 `` i ca n't go without noah . '' 
 the words slipped out before wara realized it . 
 alejo looked at her sharply , mouth open as if about to protest but she cut him off . 
 `` i wo n't leave bolivia until i know . '' 
 his mouth snapped shut , and he got up quickly and paced to the other bed , lowering himself down cross-legged on top of the unmade covers . 
 he closed his eyes and massaged his temples even harder . 
 `` i 'll stay with you until they know , '' alejo said finally . 
 `` my family can go on ahead , and we can meet them . 
 i 'm not going to leave you alone . '' 
 `` but ? '' 
 wara tried to protest , but could n't come up with anything reasonable to say . 
 no , you go on . 
 i 'll just ward off all of those killers myself . 
 i did such a lovely job of it last time . 
 alejo 's very presence in the room caused a veritable host of unpleasant sensations in wara 's brain . 
 so why did her heart flood with something like relief at his plan ? 
 `` thank you , '' was all she finally said , fighting hard not to cry . 
 21 cinnamon the hostal salta seemed lonely and depressing after the martirs left . 
 when alejo and wara pulled up in front of the hostel in a white taxi , the street lamps were already gleaming upon the darkened sidewalk , though people still hustled by in both directions . 
 wara supposed it must be around seven o'clock-one hour after she had waved good-bye to the family who had been like her own . 
 she had barely been able to make out each face , peering through the tinted windows of a sleek double-decker bus about to depart for lima , peru . 
 alejo had convinced his family to follow his plan , then had them call a friend from church to bring clothes from the market and food for the trip . 
 all of the kids ' clothes and toys stayed behind . 
 the faded photograph of missing alejandro from nazaret 's dresser . 
 anyone who brought things from the martirs house could be followed back here to the hostel . 
 the younger kids climbed onto the bus at sacaba with huge tears in their eyes . 
 silky gray rain clouds swirled across the evening sky , threatening a downpour as the entire martir family boarded the bus that would take them away from bolivia . 
 nazaret sobbed as she hugged wara , hesitated , and then threw herself at her brother , weeping against his chest . 
 alejo 's back had been towards her , but wara had seen him put his arms around nazaret until she pulled away . 
 now , wara stepped out of the taxi and slammed the door , facing the unlit stars of the hostel . 
 she and alejo , who had tried to kill her , were alone here together , and wara had never felt so strange . 
 the faded pinstriped sheets and lumpy pillows were still waiting . 
 wara felt even more depressed as she entered their hostel room , realizing that alejo was now her only company . 
 maybe she could call nazaret on her long bus trip later , just to hear the sound of a known voice . 
 alejo had picked up several more cheap little prepaid cell phones from the viva shop , and given three to the martirs , plus one to wara . 
 wara had made one call to the bennesons , to ask them to call her on this number as soon as there was any news about noah . 
 explaining why they should n't give the number to anyone else had been tricky , as was trying to tell them why she was n't at home in the apartment below theirs , and could n't come back for safety reasons . 
 why am i here with alejo , instead of letting the u.s. embassy pick me up and take care of me until i know about noah ? 
 after hanging up with the bennesons , the question had bothered her . 
 because the embassy does n't even seem to believe what is going on , wara realized . 
 you do n't know them . 
 alejo is a martir-and you know him . 
 that 's crazy ! 
 wara had scolded herself . 
 he 's one of them ! 
 alejo closed the door and turned on the light . 
 thirty seconds of silence filled the room , as both of them sunk down onto one of the beds , listless . 
 then he sighed and asked : `` do you want to go to la paz ? 
 the search and rescue efforts are working from there , and it 's the closest major hospital . '' 
 wara stared at him , feeling very weary , having a hard time understanding what he was saying . 
 did she want to go to la paz ? 
 of course ! 
 if they find noah that would be where they would take him , the best major hospital . 
 noly said that noah 's parents were going to be in la paz , waiting . 
 but wara could n't decide what she wanted to do at all , except that she wanted to see her best friend who she loved again . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she finally said hoarsely . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 alejo looked away . 
 `` they 've been searching for two days now , and they should be done soon . 
 noah lived here ; the funeral will-would be-in cochabamba . 
 i think you should stay here . '' 
 his words hit wara like a punch in the gut . 
 everything alejo said sounded so logical , but the cold reality of making such a decision based on the fact that the funeral would be here?for a moment she could n't breathe . 
 it took her a long time to collect her thoughts and say , weakly , `` ok . '' 
 all day she had waited with bated breath , feeling that any phone call could bring news that noah had been found , alive . 
 but hearing alejo say that he expected the news would be about the funeral brought wara back down to reality with a very painful crash . 
 after a long while she heard alejo say , `` i told danny downstairs that we 're checking out tonight . 
 we need to move to another place-it wo n't be that hard for the guys to show our picture to reception at all of the cheap hostels in cochabamba , and the longer we stay in one place , the more time they have to do that . '' 
 his voice sounded tight , but calm , not as bone-weary as wara herself felt . 
 `` alright , '' she managed . 
 her eyes were closed , and she felt her breathing slow , suddenly so relaxed she felt almost one with the sagging mattress underneath her . 
 she cleared her throat and mumbled , `` right now ? '' 
 the thought crossed wara 's mind that if she never got up off this bed again , that would be perfectly fine . 
 `` yeah , right now , '' alejo said , almost sounding apologetic . 
 `` we need to get going . 
 and besides , now 's a good time . 
 we 'll be going under cover of darkness . '' 
 wara cracked open her eyes and raised one eyebrow at him . 
 his hazel eyes were watching her , expression unreadable . 
 `` fine , '' she answered him , sliding her eyes back shut . 
 `` but i think you 'll have to pack my bag for me . '' 
 a joke , since her belongings consisted of two changes of clothes the martirs ' friend had brought her from the market , along with a toothbrush and shampoo . 
 alexis ' shiny-reared sweat pants and wombat shirt had found their final resting place in the bathroom trash can . 
 wara realized that alejo had actually gotten up and was bringing her toothbrush from the bathroom . 
 he made sure it was inside the brown plaid bag that had also come from the market , and then slung that and a black backpack that had been brought for him over his shoulder . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he asked , standing near the door . 
 `` i promise you can sleep when we get to our new place . '' 
 wara sighed loudly and rolled off the bed , hanging on to the side until she was steady . 
 her bleary gaze fell on alejo , and she thought he did n't look quite as threatening now that he was no longer wearing the military-style cargo pants and sweaty gray t-shirt from up on the mountain . 
 he actually looked rather normal now in dark jeans , a hunter green hoodie , and leather tennis shoes . 
 `` are they going to find them ? '' 
 she asked groggily , as she followed alejo out the door into the hallway . 
 without turning around , he answered carefully , `` i do n't think so . 
 i would never forgive myself . '' 
 their taxi sped along the highway towards sacaba , the same route they had taken to say good-bye to the martirs . 
 not even halfway to sacaba , alejo directed the taxi driver to veer off the highway towards a gravel-covered incline . 
 with a sharp tap of the brakes , the driver darted in front of oncoming traffic on the highway 's opposite lane and bumped onto the more uneven road . 
 he then punched the gas , letting the shiny , newer taxi climb up towards wherever their final destination would be . 
 spanish pop music filled the clean , gray interior of the taxi , and the young driver , wearing a peach polo shirt , tapped a muscular forearm against the steering wheel to keep rhythm . 
 this under-maintained road took them higher and higher up one of the mountains at cochabamba 's northern edge , the bumps and ruts jolting the taxi with more violence the farther along they went . 
 three iridescent cds hung from the top of the windshield on gold cords , dangling and swaying with each jolt of the car . 
 `` a los moteles , no amigo ? '' 
 the taxi driver 's eyes met alejo 's in the rear view mirror . 
 `` yep , '' alejo nodded to him , mouth turning up . 
 `` el cupido . '' 
 wara glanced over at alejo sharply . 
 they were entering an area where the dusty road was pock-marked with rocks and shaded by eucalyptus trees . 
 on either side , brightly-painted walls rose up , sporting neon signs with names that did not appear to be those of respectable hotels : safari , the oasis , the `` park drive-in '' , and lover 's paradise . 
 wara stared in disbelief , and then her eyes fell upon a towering sign of a glowing cupid , complete with heart-tipped arrows . 
 and underneath , a giant closed gate painted the color of red hot candies with an enormous pink heart . 
 oh , this was not good . 
 someone had once made a comment to her that in some part of cochabamba there were `` motels '' where one could pay for rooms by the hour , usually for romantic encounters . 
 the taxi that held alejo and wara had pulled up in front of the looming hot pink heart , which now filled the entire windshield . 
 their taxi driver honked twice merrily and waited , still tapping the steering wheel to the rhythm . 
 you have got to be kidding me , wara gaped , then snapped her mouth shut and whirled towards alejo . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 he tried to appear unfazed , obviously having known wara would react this way . 
 `` this is the only place where you can stay without having to show id , '' he whispered in her ear . 
 alejo scooted closer and slung an arm around her shoulder . 
 `` just act natural , ok ? 
 i had to lie through my teeth to get danny back at the salta to let you stay without id , and he only did it because he 's a nice guy . 
 we 've got these nice , dark tinted windows . 
 that 's why i picked this taxi . '' 
 alejo motioned fluidly towards one of the windows , as if waiting for wara to take in how they were invisible to prying eyes outside the taxi and stop being angry that he had brought her to a motel called el cupido . 
 then he continued , squeezing her close against his side for the taxi driver 's benefit . 
 `` probably just some kid will come out to take our money , and then we 've got a room . 
 if the guys from my team would come here , no one has got our id . 
 plus , this place is pretty secretive . 
 i 'm sure you can imagine why '' wara swallowed hard . 
 she closed her eyes and counted to ten , mortally embarrassed , doing her best not to rip herself away from alejo 's grip . 
 just when she thought she could n't stand it a moment longer , the huge wooden door of love swung open by some invisible hand and the idling taxi drove inside . 
 the courtyard they entered was grassy , shaded with trees , and mostly dark . 
 off to the right , wara could see a long row of motel rooms , each sporting a pair of hearts painted on the red hot , numbered doors . 
 stifling a groan , wara leaned her head back onto the seat back . 
 alejo winked at the driver , who seemed to be enjoying this . 
 `` you 'll talk to the boy for us , right ? 
 just slit the window so no one 'll see us . '' 
 `` no problem , '' the guy in the peach shirt nodded , and with one touch of a button the cobalt glass glided a few inches lower , revealing a brief glimpse of a young boy with chocolate skin and a tattered green hulk t-shirt . 
 `` si , amigo ? '' 
 he said into the taxi , and wara was shocked by the squeakiness of the kid 's voice . 
 he could n't be more than ten years old . 
 what was he doing in this kind of place ? 
 `` ask him how much for two days , '' alejo told the driver . 
 `` five hundred bolivianos , '' the taxi driver announced after consulting with the boy outside . 
 he raised his eyebrows at alejo in the mirror . 
 alejo pulled out a fat wad of red one hundred boliviano notes from the pocket of his jeans and peeled five off . 
 the driver passed them through the cracked-open window and the kid counted the money , crisping the bills in his hand with the efficiency of a los vegas casino employee . 
 `` number six , '' the kids squeaked , and passed something metallic and jingly into the interior of the car . 
 alejo snatched the item from the driver 's burly fist , and wara saw it was a single silver key , attached to a key chain with a cherry red , puffy , lace-trimmed heart . 
 alejo started to hand her the key , saw her face , and then lowered his eyes , stuffing the key into the pocket of his hoodie . 
 the driver sealed the window shut with a soft hiss , and then slowly pulled across the grass to leave them closer to the heart doors . 
 without a word , alejo opened the car door for wara , then paid the driver . 
 `` do n't look behind you when you get out , '' alejo breathed into her ear , and wara 's cheeks flamed as she exited into the cool night . 
 she gathered her composure and followed alejo , forcing herself to stare at the double hearts ahead instead of behind her , where she thought the boy who had taken their money might still be watching in the darkness . 
 but then again , the kid was probably already back inside watching cartoons , so used to this life that there was absolutely nothing exciting about the arrival of yet one more couple . 
 `` see , that was n't too bad , '' alejo said under his breath as he jammed the silver key into the lock . 
 the plush heart bobbed around wildly as he turned the key to motel room number six . 
 the wooden door swung open , immersing wara in a warm glow of cinnamon red . 
 the entire interior of the room was varying shades of red . 
 lit , neon red christmas lights ran around the ceiling , and the walls were cherry red and white stripes , crisscrossed with painted cupids , arrows ready to fly . 
 shaggy , worn crimson carpet blanketed the floor , cushioning wara 's ankles as she warily stepped inside . 
 and in the center of the room sat a double bed , fire-truck red satin comforter shimmering under a gaudy gold headboard in the shape of a heart . 
 alejo gingerly closed the door behind them and flipped on the light , causing wara to gasp . 
 a monstrous , cheap crystal chandelier exploded with light above them , and every diamond-shaped light bulb was red , spreading a rosy scarlet hue across everything in the room , including alejo 's face . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he had the audacity to ask with a crooked grin . 
 wara did n't know whether to laugh or run out the door . 
 `` of course you can have the bed . 
 i 'll take that couch . '' 
 wara followed his gaze to the wall , where a plush couch , the color of cinnamon red hot candies , snuggled against the wall . 
 next to it , a wicker chair with a matching footrest was adorned with cushions to match the couch . 
 it was all just too much . 
 `` i hate it ! '' 
 wara responded to his question , turning in a slow circle around the room . 
 `` i have never seen anything so ugly in my entire life . 
 it 's ? 
 indescribable . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i had to bring you here , '' alejo said , seemingly feeling bad for her . 
 `` it 's just that it really is the best spot to hide ? '' 
 `` yeah , your reasoning does make a twisted kind of sense , '' wara sighed . 
 noah would have chuckled at this , and for sure he could have written a hilarious song about this room with this taylor guitar . 
 nazaret would have been shocked , then dissolved into a fit of giggles . 
 wara missed both of them so much , and felt awfully , terribly alone . 
 alejo hauled the wicker chair over under the room 's only window , a long , rectangular-shaped opening that ran higher than the level of their heads next to the door . 
 he pulled aside the gauzy red curtain and peered outside , probably checking for any bad guys . 
 the gaze he fixed on her as he stepped down from the fuzzy red couch was so like nazaret 's that for a moment she blinked , forgetting he was really so different from the other martirs . 
 `` were you really good friends with all those guys i saw up there ? '' 
 she asked . 
 alejo dragged the wicker chair back to the corner and sat down , considering how much he was going to tell her . 
 finally he said , `` most of the guys that were there at first-the guys that carried you up from the road -- were only there for the weekend , for training . 
 i was n't only in charge of my team , but of training all the guys in most of south america . 
 that 's why they 're going to be so mad . '' 
 that last sentence was muttered . 
 `` four of the guys were on my team-we were like brothers . 
 gabriel , stalin , benjamin , and l zaro . 
 well , not l zaro . 
 he 's new . 
 but gabriel and benjamin and i shared a house together in coroico . 
 and stalin and i have been friends for ten years . '' 
 the memory hit her , leaving a sour taste in her mouth : alejo worked with l zaro . 
 back when she knew him , l zaro had said he was a christian . 
 wara did not even want to think how he had reached the point of becoming a radical muslim who was about to cut her throat . 
 and she really did n't want to talk with alejo about it . 
 she wandered over to the bed and collapsed on it with slumped shoulders . 
 she felt sick and weary to the bone . 
 wara twisted noah 's silver ring on her finger , her only comfort in this awful place . 
 22 sickly pink wara was exhaused . 
 she was suffering , and alejo had done this to her . 
 he watched her , sitting there on the horrible bed in this place he 'd brought her to , playing with a silver ring on her finger . 
 her eyes were ringed in dark circles , glazed over and in another world she shivered and absently scrubbed at her bare arms , trying to get warm . 
 alejo 's heart hurt . 
 he got up and walked over to her backpack by the door and found a black sweater his mom 's friend had brought for wara . 
 `` its cold in here , '' he offered it to her . 
 it was dark outside now , chilly and menacing in the shadow of the darkened andes . 
 she looked into his eyes as he handed her the sweater and her face was bathed in red from gaudy chandelier . 
 her nose was a sickly violet and yellow , puffy under her reddened eyes . 
 it had to hurt . 
 a lot . 
 alejo closed his eyes slowly , then opened them . 
 `` i think we should try to rest . '' 
 he dragged his feet over to the couch . 
 the ugly thing was three cushions wide , good enough for a decent night 's sleep . 
 he curled up facing the wall and stuffed a small , hard red pillow under his head . 
 `` whenever you 're ready , you can turn out the lights , '' he told wara . 
 `` i can sleep anywhere , with lights or without , so do n't worry about me . '' 
 as if she would . 
 alejo grimaced at the back of the couch . 
 he had no idea what else to say . 
 wara switched off the light and covers rustled behind him , then everything fell silent . 
 way too silent . 
 suddenly , the horror of the day pressed into him with a vengeance and it hurt . 
 franco salazar was dead , and he could n't say he was sorry . 
 he believed what he 'd told wara , that he could n't just sit by and watch while thieves attacked the man in the story of the good samaritan?or while franco salazar abused kids . 
 but he 'd never really thought about other people who could be hurt in the middle of delivering justice to the bad guys . 
 he 'd never laid eyes on noah , but alejo had seen his sister 's tears , heard how the guy played with his little brothers and sisters and made sure nazaret got home safe late at night . 
 for all alejo knew , that silver ring wara was always playing with was a gift from noah . 
 it was obvious she cared about him , a lot . 
 always before , when alejo killed , he had been sure the man who died was scum and deserved whatever he had coming to him . 
 now , for the first time , someone innocent had been taken out along with the bad . 
 alejo knew the reason wara 's presence was undoing him : she was the incarnation of a person simply caught in the crossfire . 
 he felt guilty for the other innocent people on the bus , but he had never seen them . 
 when he looked into wara 's eyes and realized what he had done , there had been no going back . 
 the combination of leaving islam , leaving the prism , and trying to figure out why , if he had done god 's will , he could still feel so wrong , spun alejo 's world upside down . 
 a half-hour or so went by , and wara 's even breathing seemed to indicate that she was asleep . 
 a slightly hellish glow filtered into the dark room through the sheer red curtains from a street lamp in the courtyard outside . 
 alejo closed his eyes but he just could n't sleep . 
 and then there 's my family . 
 who he had avoided in anger for years , then dragged into the very path of death . 
 he kept thinking about his father , and the few words they had had just before the martirs went to sacaba to take the bus away from bolivia . 
 pablo martir told alejo he wanted to speak with him up on the roof again , alone , and alejo had steeled himself for the conversation . 
 he really hoped his father would understand that there was n't much that could be added to what had already been said . 
 there was nothing alejo could say that would make it right . 
 there was nothing his father could say that would make alejo feel more acutely how badly he had messed up , getting his entire family into this situation . 
 there was no other solution that alejo could see to the problem ; even if he would walk right back into coroico and show up at the doorstep of his old house so the prism could shoot him , the 964 would still be angry , and they could still go after his family . 
 and wara was still a witness . 
 alejo had trudged up the concrete steps to the roof , following the broader form of his father . 
 all these years , he had imagined that his father was still occupied as a pastor , preaching that jesus saves while letting the world go to hell . 
 somehow , finding out that he had been directing the only center for children with aids in the country , which would now be left without leadership because of alejo , made alejo feel even more depressed . 
 the faded sheets were still drifting lazily on the line in the afternoon breeze on the hostel rooftop . 
 alejo 's father turned to face his son squarely . 
 `` son , i ca n't tell you how sorry i am we ca n't have more time together . 
 there is so much more i 'd like to talk about , but as you said , now is not the time ? '' 
 his voice cracked a little , and alejo felt his shoulders tense . 
 `` so much time lost , '' pablo continued , `` and now i do n't even know what will happen , what you ? '' 
 he stopped and sighed , obviously thinking something along the lines of , '' ? 
 if you are going to continue being a criminal , because that really complicates our relationship . '' 
 `` the one thing i want to ask you before we leave , though , '' alejo 's father said after the scowl had faded , `` is about what you said before , about jesus . 
 you said that you have been a muslim ? '' 
 `` yep , i 've been a muslim since i was eighteen , '' alejo confirmed dryly , wondering where his father was going with this . 
 `` but you told me that you are no longer a muslim , that you are a christian . '' 
 alejo hesitated , the term christian still racking him with unpleasant sensations of long sermons with too many amens . 
 people pretending to praise god while peeking to see whose hands were raised the highest . 
 little boys dead in the grass so that no one would disrupt the worship of god in the church building every sunday . 
 alejo exhaled loudly . 
 `` i guess so ... dad . 
 i do n't want to be a christian like i was taught . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 when i read the bible and saw what jesus said?it was like i had never heard most of it before . 
 and i wanted that . 
 i want that . 
 it 's him i want , not a religion . '' 
 pablo sighed deeply , eyes boring into his son 's . 
 then he actually stepped forward to clasp alejo 's shoulder , tears in his eyes . 
 `` we all need a lot of grace right now , '' he said hoarsely . 
 pablo martir let go of his son and turned as if to go , then paused . 
 without looking back he said , `` noah had jesus living in him . 
 he would have forgiven you , alejandro . '' 
 alejo had shivered , staring at the back of his father 's head as he walked towards the metal door that led back downstairs and disappeared . 
 then noah was a better man that i am , he thought . 
 alejo , who usually could sleep like a baby even with a rock for a pillow , finally drifted into a fitful sleep on the soft red couch . 
 he jerked upright at a foreign sound filling the room . 
 a cell phone ! 
 slapping around in the darkness , he got a hold on the metal chain of a pink floral lamp next to the couch and yanked it , flooding the motel room with sickly-sweet light . 
 wara had already flown across the room towards her bag and was throwing out clothes , looking for the phone that kept drilling its tinny tune into the night . 
 realizing it was n't there , she dove back for the bed , crawled over it , and grabbed the phone vibrating across the nightstand . 
 her hands were shaking so hard she could hardly flip the thing open to gasp a breathless , `` hello ? '' 
 alejo sank back into the couch , hoping the call was his sister in need of a midnight conversation . 
 the odds were against that , however ; there really was n't a good chance a call in the middle of the night would bring good news . 
 `` yeah , it 's me . '' 
 wara 's voice quivered . 
 she waited , then waited some more . 
 alejo exhaled as her entire body crumpled and sank back into the sheets , seemingly buried in the mass of fluffy pillows and thick satin bedspread . 
 `` when ? '' 
 silence , and then she choked out , `` th-thank you . '' 
 the cell phone shut with a near-silent click , and then alejo saw wara pull the covers up over her head . 
 `` you can go back to sleep , '' she finally said in a voice that did not sound like herself . 
 `` the bennesons just wanted to let me know that the funeral will be tomorrow at ten . '' 
 they found him . 
 alejo 's blood chilled , and he pulled the lamp off quickly , as if afraid to sit any longer in the light when he just found out he had caused a funeral . 
 rubbing his temples , alejo rolled back onto the couch , slowly , staring up at the ceiling . 
 his brain told him he should say something . 
 what kind of man just sat there without saying anything when a woman finds out the guy she loved has died ? 
 alejo did n't even need to run through the possible options in his mind , however , to know that finding something adequate to say to her would be impossible . 
 taking a deep breath , he shivered , eyes fixed on nothing in the darkness until it was nearly morning . 
 a morning in which alejo would go to a funeral . 
 23 bittersweet the morning passed by as if in a dream . 
 after somehow getting ready , wara followed alejo out of el cupido and waited a few blocks away on a shaded corner for a missionary family , the paulsons , to come pick them up . 
 alejo had said something about the prism finding them , so they would need to try to sneak into the house where the funeral would be held . 
 he insisted she call someone with a van so they could hide out lying on the floor . 
 the paulsons had quickly agreed to pick them up . 
 corban and misty paulson had been good friends with noah ; no one said a word during the entire ride to the house where the funeral would be held . 
 a solemn metallic clanging and the stilling of the purring engine told wara that the van had finally arrived inside the gate of the bennesons ' house . 
 she picked herself up off the floor , brushing crumbs off her pants in a daze . 
 she followed alejo and the paulsons across the wide lawn with its spiky green grass , around a multitude of assorted land cruisers and brasilias already parked inside the house 's walls . 
 the zip of cool air inside the shade of the white-walled house hit her face , along with the unnatural hush emanating from within . 
 everyone turned to stare as she slipped through the door . 
 wara swayed on her feet , overcome by the sight of all of her friends , noah 's friends , gathered here , because noah was actually dead . 
 `` wara ! '' 
 tobin was folding her into an embrace against his bony shoulders . 
 `` i ca n't believe this happened to noah . 
 we were so worried . 
 about both of you . '' 
 wara pulled away from him numbly , only to find herself hugged by person after person from her mission . 
 from noah 's church . 
 tobias , the other australian , was scrubbing reddish eyes , obviously trying not to cry as he gave her a quick hug . 
 she saw tobin 's gaze ride up to where alejo stood somewhere in the background , probably looking dangerous and out of place at a funeral with his uncut curly hair and jeans . 
 wara wondered for a brief moment if she should feel like a traitor for daring to come to noah 's funeral with the man who was responsible for his death . 
 but then she realized she could n't feel anything , not yet . 
 `` wara , '' tobias was saying , `` we brought a guitar for you . 
 they want you to sing something for noah-just one song . 
 can you do it ? '' 
 wara gulped , then nodded without thinking . 
 of course she would sing , if it was for noah . 
 it was her last chance . 
 `` thanks , '' tobias nodded and sniffed loudly , laying a hand on her arm . 
 then he was off in the direction of the living room . 
 she did n't know what to do , so she just followed him , practically floating in the sea of people milling around here at noah 's funeral . 
 it was unreal . 
 wara really , really wanted to cry . 
 as she moved to go into the main living area , a huge , arched room painted in bold colors , rough fingers brushed her arm . 
 wara looked up to find eduardo sejas , the good-looking bolivian guy who had been in coroico with noah . 
 his usually twinkling eyes were red-rimmed behind black trendy glasses , and he wore a dark suit and tie . 
 `` wara , '' he started , and then his voice choked . 
 `` you 're still alive . 
 we were so worried ? '' 
 `` is he here ? '' 
 wara heard herself say , glancing towards the living room . 
 `` yeah , '' eduardo said , and sighed . 
 `` i mean , he 's not really here , he 's with god , but ... the casket is in there . '' 
 wara bit her lip and reached up with one hand to push a stray piece of hair out of one eye . 
 as she did , eduardo 's gaze followed her hand , and his mouth opened into a round `` o '' . 
 `` they gave you noah 's ring ? '' 
 he asked , staring at the shining silver on her hand . 
 wara frowned , not sure who he was talking about . 
 eduardo grabbed her hand quickly and examined the ring . 
 `` is n't that noah 's ring ? '' 
 he lifted his eyes to hers again , blinking behind the trendy glasses . 
 `` did you find it after the accident ? '' 
 `` no , '' wara said , realizing dully that eduardo , as one of noah 's best friends , must have seen this ring sometime before . 
 she had never seen noah wearing it . 
 eduardo sniffed loudly , but his face lit up . 
 `` he gave it to you ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' wara said hesitantly , not sure where this was leading . 
 why did it really matter ? 
 `` that 's awesome ! '' 
 eduardo was actually grinning . 
 `` what ? '' 
 in her present condition , wara was obviously missing something . 
 `` noah saved that ring for a really long time , '' eduardo explained slowly , as if revealing a delicious secret . 
 `` he said that he did n't want to just casually date someone , but that when he started a relationship he wanted it to be serious . 
 well , a lot of the guys , we used to always tell him , ` well , start a relationship then ! 
 what are you waiting for ? ' 
 but noah would always say that he thought maybe god wanted him to be single , since god had n't brought the right girl along yet . 
 i told him so many times that that was a bunch of hogwash . 
 he knew several great girls . 
 noah was just plain scared of commitment ! 
 he told me that his parents always fought like cats and dogs , and that they never loved each other a day in their lives . '' 
 wara swallowed hard and circled the ring around her finger . 
 she knew that noah 's relationship with his parents was n't the best , mostly due to his decision to be a missionary instead of pursuing a career that would make lots of money . 
 he had never mentioned anything about his parents ' relationship with each other . 
 `` so , last weekend , when he was going to coroico , '' eduardo was going on , `` noah told me that he was taking the ring along , since god supposedly was n't bringing any girls into his life that he could give it to and he had reached the ripe old age of twenty-eight . 
 he was just going to ceremoniously throw it out the side of the bus , over the road of death . 
 to put to death the idea of marriage and living happily ever after . '' 
 eduardo 's eyes were swimming but the twinkle was back `` but it looks like he did n't throw the ring over after all . 
 he gave it to you ... right ? '' 
 wara just stared at him , because her throat hurt too much to try to speak . 
 she gave a curt nod , not even trying to pretend she was n't about to cry . 
 eduardo looked very satisfied . 
 `` thank you , '' she finally whispered , wanting to ask more before she had to go into the living room . 
 but then she saw the couple dressed in black , standing at the back of the room through the wide double doors , weeping . 
 wara had never seen their picture , but the look of utter desolation on their faces and the way their gaze shifted uncomfortably around the room as if they were in a strange land they had never before imagined they would see , told her that these were noah 's parents . 
 `` his mom and dad . '' 
 eduardo touched wara 's arm , following the direction of her gaze . 
 `` we 'll talk another time , ok ? '' 
 wara nodded , and glanced at alejo , who was standing , tight-lipped behind her , pale face revealing that he had heard who was in the next room . 
 she turned her back to him and forced herself to walk through the open double doors , completely ignoring the small , hushed groups of people clustered around the room , whispering . 
 her mind registered that the music she heard was noah , one of the cds he had recorded with the guys for fun at the studio on espa a. his voice cut her to the heart . 
 why could n't that really be you ? 
 a long table was set up in the corner with punch and refreshments . 
 ridiculous . 
 who could eat now ? 
 along the burgundy wall at the opposite side of the living room was an espresso-colored casket , lying on a curled metal stand , closed . 
 wara 's knees felt weak . 
 before she could think she threw herself across the tile floor and drew up to the edge of the long , dark casket , spreading her hands out along the smooth wood . 
 a tear dripped off her chin onto noah 's casket , and wara pressed her forehead into the cool wood , eyes closed . 
 if the world ended now , that would be just fine . 
 the shaky voice came from a woman just behind wara . 
 `` were you one of his friends ? '' 
 she reluctantly raised her head and stared at the speaker through bleary eyes . 
 it was noah 's mother : slim and fashionable , wearing a short black suit dress and a string of platinum-colored pearls , bobbed hair dyed blond gave her the appearance of being much younger than she must be . 
 wara 's gaze shifted behind her and saw the portly , balding man that must be noah 's father . 
 he seemed at home in an expensive black suit with a sky blue tie . 
 drops of perspiration trickled down his forehead despite the coolness of the room . 
 `` yes , '' wara heard herself answer . 
 the overweight father shuffled uncomfortably forward , glancing around the room as if he would give his entire fortune to be anywhere but here . 
 he took his place at his wife 's side and tried to focus his attention on wara . 
 wara ignored the trail left by the tear down her right cheek . 
 `` are you noah 's parents ? '' 
 `` yes , we are?were?his parents . '' 
 noah 's mother had mascara smears under her emerald green eyes , and wara 's heart flipped , recognizing noah 's eyes in hers . 
 with a stifled sob , his mother covered her mouth with one manicured hand and wiped away a stray tear with the other . 
 `` and you must have been a good friend , '' she sniffed . 
 wara blurted out , `` i was?me and noah were?i loved him . 
 i was his girlfriend . '' 
 yes , for a few minutes , but what did that matter now ? 
 she had noah 's ring , and she knew that he had wanted to be with her . 
 noah 's father looked shocked , and his mother burst into tears . 
 wara could n't miss mr. hearst 's disparaging look that traveled over wara 's rumpled clothing , henna tattoos , nose ring , and bruised face . 
 surely she did n't look fit to be at a funeral , much less to be the girlfriend of their precious son from a wealthy family . 
 but noah 's mother just waved her hand at her husband and held two slender white arms out toward wara for an embrace . 
 mrs. hearst delicately pulled her forward for a hug , and while wara was pressed against her shoulder she noticed a framed photograph on top of the casket . 
 a clean-cut young man wearing a blue dress shirt and a silk tie smiled confidently from the picture , looking for all the world like a slick lawyer or a successful salesman . 
 with a gasp , wara realized she was looking at a younger noah , long hair clipped off , clean-shaven and wearing a tie . 
 what would noah 's parents think if they had seen him how she had known him , with the tattoo and terribly not cool clothes , playing soccer in the dust with school children ? 
 this is how they wanted him to be , she thought miserably . 
 this picture must be from when he was studying international business . 
 next to the larger photograph were two smaller ones , also in gold-gilded frames . 
 one was a blond boy , about six years old , wearing a star wars t-shirt and grinning at the camera while missing both front teeth . 
 wara had never seen a photo of noah as a kid . 
 the other frame showed a chubby baby with bright emerald eyes , stuffed into a starched white suit and staring at the camera while a trail of drool escaped from one side of his rosebud lips . 
 mrs. hearst let her go , again swiping at tears under her painted eyes . 
 `` i did n't know he had a girlfriend '' she rasped . 
 `` he never told us . 
 oh , we wasted so much time ? '' 
 noah 's mom broke off , bit her lip , then tried to compose herself . 
 `` of course i do n't know your parents , but i would like to tell you , on behalf of noah 's parents , whose hearts are broken ? '' 
 the woman dissolved into tears again and her husband put one hand stiffly on her arm , obviously embarrassed by how his wife was carrying on . 
 mrs. hearst 's lip curled with anger and she yanked her arm out of his grip . 
 `` what was your name , dear ? '' 
 she asked crossly . 
 wara told her . 
 `` wara . '' 
 noah 's mother pronounced the foreign name and then drilled wara with her bereaved eyes , voice shaky and tight . 
 `` for your parents , leave this awful country and go home . 
 there 's nothing for you here . 
 look what comes of all this supposed ` doing good ' ! 
 for the love of god , leave this terrible place ! '' 
 wara felt shaken by the woman 's emotion , and she wanted to back away , get out of this conversation , go back where she could be closer to noah . 
 she wondered briefly if the embassy had listened to alejo at all when he told them that the bus had been attacked , and if they had told the hearsts about it . 
 no one 's here from the embassy , trying to find me to get more information . 
 the hearsts seem devastated but not furious . 
 they must not know . 
 then another hand touched her arm , and she jerked around to see an athletic-looking guy with a pock-marked face and mahogany skin . 
 a crisp white dress shirt was tucked into worn jeans , and his hair was slicked back with way too much gel . 
 he addressed noah 's mother . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , ma'am . 
 you do n't know me , but my name is hector villanueva and i 'm a volunteer with the sar search and rescue team . '' 
 he paused , obviously noticing the three confused gringo faces . 
 `` i was part of the team that went down to the bus accident , '' he clarified , expression grave and serious . 
 `` this accident?upset me so much . 
 i 've been a volunteer for ten years , but this one really got to me . 
 i 've been going to the funerals of nearly all of the victims , and i just wanted to tell you , the parents , how sorry i am . '' 
 mr. and mrs. hearst were staring blankly at the man , and wara realized with a start that they did n't understand a word he was saying . 
 she numbly translated most of what the sar volunteer had said into english . 
 mrs. hearst nodded , barely looking at the man , but noah 's father 's face had gone crimson and he lumbered forward , bearing down on hector villanueva . 
 `` now listen here , '' he growled , swiping at a drop of sweat about to run into his eye . 
 `` there 's a woman from the embassy here with us , i suppose as a babysitter , but the embassy does n't appear to have any information about anything . 
 we 've tried for days to get information about the rescue efforts , progress , anything . 
 and guess what , no one knew anything ! 
 well -- '' mr. hearst cut his tirade short for a moment as he noticed that wara was translating for the sar worker . 
 then he ranted on , `` last night , with no warning , we get a call from some missionary who knew our son that he is dead ! 
 well , you were there-can you tell us what has been going on since that accident ? 
 why did n't they find our son until last night ? 
 and if they found him before , why the heck did n't anyone tell us anything ? '' 
 noah 's father 's voice cracked , and he fell silent , swiveling his gaze over to the silent coffin along the wall . 
 wara felt faint , but translated the general gist back to the man who had been there on the side of the mountain cliff . 
 looking for noah 's body among the twisted vines and jungle thorns . 
 noah 's parents wanted to know what they had found . 
 `` i ca n't do this . '' 
 she trembled from head to toe , backing away from the three others in the conversation . 
 `` i ca n't translate this , how he was ? '' 
 a tight hand clapped her on the shoulder , and wara lifted wild eyes to meet alejo 's , deadly serious and morose . 
 `` you 've been standing up too long , '' he told her in spanish , and then the grim line of his mouth softened . 
 `` i 'm going to translate for them . 
 go sit over there . '' 
 without waiting to be told a second time , wara hurriedly slipped away from the conversation that had suddenly turned gruesome and found refuge in a tan swivel chair a few feet behind noah 's parents . 
 she collapsed into it , pulling her feet up to sit cross-legged , and buried her face into her hands . 
 of course from here she could still hear everything that was said , but at least she would n't be the one to translate it . 
 wara focused on the sar worker 's spanish instead of alejo 's clipped , perfect english as he translated . 
 hector villanueva had already launched back into the conversation , seriously stating the facts to answer noah 's father 's questions . 
 he was describing the process sar , the bolivian volunteer search and rescue department , had used to scale down the rugged terrain , then systematically search for bodies . 
 they had started , of course , with the charred remains of the bus . 
 `` we were able to identify all but three of the bus ' passengers from the remains inside the bus , '' the man said , and wara cringed . 
 she closed her eyes tightly , refusing to allow her imagination to get ahead of the conversation in whether noah had been one of those burned figures trapped inside the vehicle . 
 `` verifying the identity of these bodies took until yesterday . 
 the first day we found one of franco salazar 's assistants several hundred meters uphill from where the bus came to rest . 
 she had already passed away from severe trauma . 
 the other two missing bodies were not found until yesterday around six p.m. , when the volunteers were just about to go home for the day . 
 we had been combing the area for two days , but it was n't until we reached a spot nearly a kilometer away from the bus ' exit point from the highway that we found both of them . 
 obviously they had been thrown from the bus while it was still pretty high up the mountain , to have landed so far away . 
 one of the men had been dead since approximately early monday morning , according to the autopsy , but the autopsy of the other man , your son , showed that he had passed away about twelve hours before we found the body . 
 they just called me with the autopsy results . '' 
 wara 's whole body shook and she pressed her fingers into her forehead . 
 there was a deathly silence , and then mr. hearst 's indignant voice gasped , `` are you saying that for twenty-four , no for nearly a day and a half after that accident , our son was alive down there in the jungle ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , that is what the autopsy report showed , '' hector reported , stiffening as if just now realizing that the giant man in front of him was simmering with rage . 
 `` b. . 
 b. . 
 but -- you 're saying that because your ` search and rescue ' team did n't find him sooner , our son died ? 
 he was alive for nearly two days ! 
 if you had been more competent and found him sooner , he would still be alive ! '' 
 `` no , sir , i can assure you ? '' 
 hector 's voice trailed off and he sighed . 
 `` i was there when we found him . 
 there were too many broken bones . '' 
 wara moaned and slumped forward in the chair , feeling hot tears slipping through her fingers . 
 a death-filled scene flooded her vision : noah , bloodied and broken , lying on the cold jungle floor in the dark , unable to move , with no one to help him . 
 he had died all alone . 
 but then a different picture swallowed that one up . 
 noah , lying on his back , in the middle of an emerald forest clearing , staring up at the tropical birds and butterflies flitting around the peaceful sanctuary . 
 he could n't get up , but he was singing , quietly , and the songs he sang were only between him and his god , on his way to meet him . 
 wara forced herself to swallow , then straightened in the chair . 
 the last scene of noah in the jungle was one she could live with . 
 a man had started speaking from somewhere in the room , inviting people to come take seats on the folding chairs . 
 gripping the edges of the chair with both hands to steady herself , wara rose to her feet , ready to sing a last song for noah hearst . 
 many people went up front to talk about noah , including the bolivian pastor of noah 's church . 
 the bennesons sat up front , along with the rest of the people from the mission . 
 dona filomena was there , wearing a dark pollera and cardigan with her signature gray braids . 
 even tiago showed up , nearly unrecognizable in black dress pants , a starched white dress shirt , and red weepy eyes . 
 wara sat numbly through it all . 
 eventually she realized that someone had asked her to come up and sing , and she made her way towards a folding chair off to the side , tripping once and nearly planting her face into the floor before she caught herself , grabbing another chair . 
 barely noticing her near-accident , wara sat down and pulled the guitar that was propped next to the chair onto her lap . 
 her fingers curled tightly around the neck , metal strings biting into her flesh . 
 it was noah 's honey-colored taylor . 
 they had brought it from the caf . 
 wara bit her lip , then strummed a chord . 
 the guitar was perfectly tuned . 
 she started a song she knew by the band mercy me , that began talking about how everyone says `` you '' are in a better place . 
 as the chords vibrated out of the taylor , she moved on to the chorus , singing what may have been the truest thing she had said all day : `` i 've never been more homesick than now . 
 i close my eyes , and i see your face , if home 's where my heart is then i 'm out of place , lord , wo n't you give me strength to make it through somehow , i 've never been more homesick than now . '' 
 her fingers fell across the strings one last time , sounding the last open-ended chord , and then she rested her forehead on the smooth wood of noah 's guitar . 
 after a moment , without looking at the many faces who had gathered here to remember her best friend , wara forced herself to put the guitar back in its place . 
 what she really wanted to do was sling the black guitar strap over her shoulder and walk away , never looking back . 
 eduardo was coming up front to sing something , however , and she knew he would need the guitar . 
 wara somehow managed to make it to an empty chair . 
 `` if home 's where my heart is , then i 'm out of place . '' 
 the chorus she had just sung rang in her head , even as eduardo and tobias began to sing amazing grace . 
 oh god , i can feel that so much right now . 
 why do i have to stay here any longer ? 
 if noah is with you , i want to be there too , at home . 
 i do n't think i can stay here one more minute . 
 leaning heavily forward against the metal back of an empty chair , wara 's sideways gaze fell upon alejo , standing in the back of the room , arms folded across his chest . 
 she had nearly forgotten about his existence . 
 his face was red and puffy , and he looked really , really miserable . 
 she was glad . 
 he should be miserable . 
 forever . 
 because thanks to alejo martir , i surely will be miserable forever . 
 as wara heard eduardo sing the last line of the hymn , a cold feeling crept over her chest , as if she had put on a sweater that had been sitting outside all night in a montana blizzard . 
 the feelings of anger she had just been tempted with were gone . 
 the grief seemed to be gone . 
 all wara could feel was?nothing . 
 nothing except the desire to go home . 
 24 sea green everyone else had left the house , and alejo was left in the echoing entryway of some missionaries ' house . 
 he hunched miserably on a polished wooden chair , listening to the rhythmic tick of a clock from the kitchen off to the left . 
 wara lay curled up on a black leather sofa in a smaller family room , and she had n't said a word since the rest of the funeral attendees had left . 
 she seemed to sleeping . 
 one more hour and we can leave this place and get back to the motel . 
 alejo groaned and clunked his head against the cool plaster of the wall , envisioning red silk and painted cupids . 
 as if that 's going to be any better than being here . 
 knowing the chances were fair to good that the guys had found out about the bus victim 's funeral and would be lurking about outside , alejo had told wara they needed to wait here at the house for two hours after the rest of the people had gone . 
 then maybe they could sneak out with no one following . 
 the bennesons ' house was in an upscale neighborhood , across the street from a long , shady park . 
 pretty soon , alejo would call a radio taxi with dark windows to take them back to their hideous quarters . 
 the clock kept ticking and alejo closed his eyes , remembering the face of noah 's mother as she and her husband left with the woman from the u.s. embassy and the crew from a funeral home . 
 alejo had listened in enough to know that the hearsts were going to ship the body back to the united states for burial , and that the embassy was helping them with all the necessary arrangements . 
 wara 's haunting voice when she sang with the guitar had cut him to the heart . 
 he had n't been around so many christians since he was a kid , and the experience had been overwhelming . 
 he thought about what his father had said back at the hostal salta : noah would have forgiven you . 
 it did n't seem realistic to imagine noah just punching him in the shoulder with a , hey man , do n't worry about it . 
 it 's all good . 
 but he was supposed to believe god would forgive him , just like that ? 
 another comment wara had made sometime during their last few days flashed through his mind : `` jesus said to love your enemies . '' 
 that was very true-jesus had even said to turn the other cheek when someone hits you . 
 but did that mean standing there and watching while someone hit a helpless woman or child ? 
 god , i need help , alejo groaned out loud . 
 i 'm a mess . 
 i do n't even know how to talk with you . 
 i keep thinking i need to go wash the right way before praying and prostrate myself on the ground . 
 but here i am , without washing , not facing the right direction , just talking to you , slouched on a chair at some gringos ' house . 
 i need help . 
 but the chances of alejo meeting someone soon who could help him figure out who he was and why were pretty slim , since he and wara were in the middle of running for their lives . 
 the funeral was over , and it was time for them to leave bolivia and go to alejo 's family , so they could all start their lives over . 
 just like that . 
 alejo realized that the phone was ringing somewhere in the house , one of those annoying , electric sounds that beeped through the air in waves . 
 it finally shut up , and alejo leaned forward in his chair to peer into the room where wara had collapsed on the couch . 
 she was still there , facing the wall , huddled inside the long sleeves of her black sweater . 
 the phone started ringing again , only seconds after it stopped , and it was annoying as heck . 
 when the caller rang a third time , then a fourth , alejo 's adrenaline picked up . 
 he rose from the chair on the balls of his feet , doing a quick sweep of vision around the windows of the house . 
 nothing appeared to be out of the ordinary in the empty yard . 
 he had already made sure all the doors of the house were locked . 
 when the sixth , seventh , then eighth call came in , alejo had a sinking feeling that the caller might possibly not be someone looking for the bennesons . 
 all the phones downstairs appeared to have been disconnected for the funeral , as the only ringing came from somewhere upstairs . 
 just to be on the safe side , alejo decided to answer the phone . 
 maybe he could just give some poor gringo directions and put an end to this . 
 with a last glance at wara , he bolted up the stairs , two at a time , and across a parquet wood floor to where a cordless phone was flashing on a desk . 
 alejo marched towards the desk and snatched up the receiver , punching the talk button . 
 `` alo ? '' 
 `` oh , good , thank goodness ! '' 
 the cheerful voice on the other end appeared to be speaking around a mouthful of food . 
 `` alejo , i 'm so glad you finally did me the favor of answering , che . 
 i was beginning to think i was going to have to come over the walls and risk getting bit in the rear by that yappy white dog in there . 
 those little poodle things can be quite mean . '' 
 alejo 's blood chilled as he recognized the voice of gabriel . 
 `` che , '' he said calmly . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 alejo moved in a crouch towards a plate window overlooking the quiet cobblestone street in front of the house . 
 a small dog , white curls graying where its belly scraped the grass , was trotting calmly around the spacious front yard . 
 nothing else in sight was moving . 
 `` oh , just outside the wall , having a snack . 
 here , let me move a little bit , there , ok , do you see me ? '' 
 a pale hand waved into alejo 's line of vision from above the thick concrete wall surrounding the house , and then all of gabriel came into view , backing up farther across the road so he was n't hidden by the wall . 
 a cell phone was plastered to one ear , and he squinted up at the window where alejo stood . 
 `` i figured it might take you guys a while to come out , '' he said with a grin , `` but i really did n't feel like waiting any longer . 
 it took me a little bit to get this number , though . '' 
 `` how 'd you know the funeral was going to be here ? '' 
 alejo needed to kill time . 
 `` facebook , '' gabriel answered , matter-of-factly . 
 `` you would n't believe how many friends this guy had . 
 makes me feel kind of bad . 
 i only have 167 . '' 
 `` so how did you know we were in here ? '' 
 was only gabriel outside ? 
 if that were the case , a dozen ways he and wara could get out of here ran through alejo 's head . 
 they surely would n't be so stupid , though , as to send only gabriel over to capture him . 
 `` my thermal imaging goggles . '' 
 gabriel 's voice was light . 
 `` there 're all kinds of poky plants in that park across the street . 
 i think they never cut the grass over there . 
 great hiding spot . 
 i can see up to 1000 meters with these things , so that was plenty close enough . '' 
 alejo saw gabriel , down below , pointing off to the park across the street , darkened with shady trees and deep green vegetation . 
 `` anyway , i saw two people hiding on the floor of a van that drove in , and figured that was n't the usual way guests arrive at funerals . 
 the rest , as they say , is history . '' 
 `` so , '' gabriel continued , blithely , `` this is the way this is going to go down . 
 benjamin is over at the hotel diplomat , where the deceased 's parents are in their room right now . 
 there 's an empty office space right across from their big plate glass window , which has the drapes wide open , and benjamin has got all the equipment set up . 
 if you do n't come out with the girl and come with me , he 'll have to take the guys ' parents out . '' 
 alejo swore under his breath . 
 now that he had chickened out about killing wara , they assumed he would n't let noah 's parents die in the middle of this mess , either . 
 and he would n't . 
 `` i 'll come out , but i ca n't let you have wara , '' he told gabriel . 
 `` i 'll go with you and talk to the khan . 
 she does n't know what 's going on . 
 leave the parents out of this-they have nothing to do with it . 
 what 's gotten into you guys ? '' 
 downstairs , something hissed , smooth wood scraping across tile . 
 alejo jerked , glancing out the window where gabriel was still on the street . 
 the sound of a door banging echoed throughout the house and alejo panicked . 
 wara was going outside ! 
 the phone receiver crashed to the floor as he raced to the stairs and leaped down them , skidding at the bottom and sprinting towards the door . 
 metal grated and he saw that wara had already opened the door that led to the street and was walking out like a zombie . 
 the space between the house and the outer wall was wide , and alejo yelled , `` wara , shut the door ! '' 
 as he ran across the grass to try to reach her . 
 what was she doing ? 
 wara disappeared from view out the door , onto the street , and alejo dug up clumps of dirt racing after her . 
 he pulled up at the open door in the outer wall and took in gabriel and wara , several yards away from the house next to a white delivery truck , staring at each other . 
 gabriel seemed startled to see her , but then his eyes narrowed when he saw alejo . 
 wara turned around so her back was facing him , holding out her hands to what alejo saw was a pair of handcuffs in gabriel 's hands . 
 within two seconds , less then it would have taken for alejo to cross the space between him and his friend , gabriel had the cuffs around wara 's wrists and pushed her inside the delivery truck . 
 he slammed the heavy door shut with a clang , then alejo heard a beep as gabriel pushed something near the door latch . 
 numb , alejo started towards gabriel , unable to believe that wara had just disappeared into the truck while he just stood there . 
 `` we 're friends , che , are n't we ? '' 
 gabriel looked at alejo and shook his head sadly . 
 `` or at least we were . 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 his eyes flickered as if trying to read alejo 's expression , and then he sighed . 
 `` because we 're friends , you know that i have the door set to blow up if anyone but me , with the appropriate code , tries to open it . 
 did you hear that ? '' 
 gabriel called louder , banging on the metal side of the truck . 
 `` yes . '' 
 wara 's single word answer came flatly from inside . 
 then she added , `` do n't do anything to noah 's parents . 
 please . '' 
 `` i have to take you back now , che , '' gabriel told alejo , and his voice was really pained . 
 `` if we 're not there in another hour , benjamin gets to do his little op . 
 so do n't try anything on the way , ok ? 
 do i have to cuff you so you 're not tempted ? 
 i know you could take me out like a fly . '' 
 `` let 's go , '' alejo ground out , stalking to the passenger side of the truck and ripping open the door . 
 he slid inside and closed it , waiting for gabriel to come around and stick the key in the ignition . 
 without a word , gabriel revved up the truck , guided it around the corners of the peaceful neighborhood , then circled a round-about to merge onto a main avenue . 
 `` i did n't want to leave all of you , che . '' 
 alejo decided to start the conversation . 
 there was probably not much time until they got to wherever the khan and the rest had hidden themselves , and there was so much he wanted to say . 
 `` i always did what i believed was the right thing , what god would want . 
 so have you . 
 well this time , i could n't let her die . '' 
 alejo knew gabriel understood who he was talking about . 
 `` it was an accident that she was there . 
 the right thing was to let her live . '' 
 `` that 's where i think you are wrong , '' gabriel stated firmly . 
 `` when we were up there , i told you there could be people on-site who were unrelated to salazar , and you said , and i quote , ` then let them be collateral . ' 
 unquote . '' 
 gabriel cleared his throat and jerked the steering wheel to the right , leading them along a less traveled road towards the outskirts of town . 
 `` i kind of freaked out a little , too at the idea of slitting her throat-not a pleasant idea for me , you understand . 
 but there was no other acceptable option , che ! 
 you know what you 've done . '' 
 gabriel 's voice turned dark and alejo saw that he was gripping the wheel with white knuckles . 
 `` she knows everything . 
 if she 's not dead , she 'll tell . 
 we do n't even know if you have already tattled and gotten us in a heap of trouble . '' 
 `` i do n't want all of you to get into trouble , '' alejo said quietly . 
 `` yeah , well , then you should have not let your emotions get away with you and let ishmael take care of her . 
 now he 's mad as a hornet . 
 he ca n't trust you-and you 're the most important cog in the prism in the continent ! 
 i do n't even think i could trust you anymore . '' 
 gabriel turned his eyes on alejo for a moment , and they flashed the anger of betrayal . 
 `` gabo , there 's a lot i have to tell you , and since this seems like it could be my last chance , knowing the khan , let me talk , ok ? '' 
 alejo sank back into the vinyl of the seat and waved one hand as he said , `` i assume you still remember our trip to the tribal area ? 
 all the bolivian guys , huddled up there near the skirmish zone ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' gabriel nodded , `` with all that ? 
 happened before i came home from pakistan , we never really talked about that . 
 i thought it was amazing , so many guys ready to follow god . '' 
 `` well i thought it was just plain wrong . 
 the khan is offering these poor guys scholarships to study , and then they 're just being used as fodder for religious wars . 
 they 're being blown to pieces , and their families will never even know where they went ! 
 allah loves the poor , so do n't you think it 's wrong to offer the poor a version of islam that will only get them fired up so that someone can send them off to be mujahedeen ? '' 
 gabriel frowned , opened his mouth , then snapped it shut . 
 finally he said , `` i ca n't criticize the men who know a whole lot more about our religion and pleasing god than i do , che . 
 besides , what could be more pleasing to god then doing what those poor guys from the countryside are doing ? 
 if they stayed here , they 'd live out their lives in poverty , never making a difference at all , not knowing god . 
 but now they 're getting a chance to make their lives really count . 
 god 's going to reward them for that . 
 what 's the big deal if they die ? 
 they 're going to paradise . '' 
 alejo glanced sharply at his friend and then back at the road . 
 `` well , i ca n't just accept what others tell me about religion , because i 'm responsible to god for what i do . 
 me . 
 the last few months i 've been reading the bible , and i 've decided it 's not corrupted . 
 i 'm going to live like what it says is true , and that means following the teachings of jesus . '' 
 gabriel hit a pothole in the worn gravel road they were following and swore , not even looking at alejo . 
 `` you ca n't do that . '' 
 `` i am , '' alejo said evenly . 
 `` if you believe all those books say , you are not a muslim anymore , '' gabriel sighed . 
 adobe brick houses with scrawny chickens pecking the grass outside passed by the window , and overhead the truck was shaded by rows and rows of eucalyptus trees , lacy branches swaying in the wind . 
 gabriel shook his head and then drilled alejo with a serious stare . 
 `` you 're an apostate ? '' 
 alejo exhaled and leaned his head back into the seat . 
 `` listen , che , you are like a brother to me . 
 i wanted to tell you , but i knew if i said too much i 'd get kicked out of the prism and i might never see you again '' gabriel bit his lip and looked over at alejo , annoyed . 
 `` che , i 've heard all this christian stuff before , ok ? 
 i do n't need some man who made the insane claim that he was god to bring me close to god . 
 that 's blasphemy , anyway-i ca n't believe you would even?whatever . '' 
 gabriel wrinkled his nose , then said , `` the quran tells us everything we need to please god . 
 and i 've been doing it all . 
 we are the best of the best , che . 
 why would we need some person to take away our sins ? 
 we are serving allah every day . 
 we 're not unbelievers who do n't follow his laws . 
 he 's got to accept me . '' 
 alejo 's heart felt heavy as he heard the last statement come out as an unsure hope . 
 a picture flashed through his mind of gabriel and himself , lounging lazily on some park bench in the plaza on a sunny coroico afternoon , licking mocha ice cream cones and grinning at the little quechua girls who sang for coins in their red plastic buckets . 
 alejo was going to lose one of his best friends . 
 the chances of alejo surviving this next encounter with the khan were slim . 
 would he ever see gabriel again ? 
 alejo 's head buzzed , and his throat tightened as he turned to stare at the cows and tall white grass whizzing by outside the van . 
 gabriel was silent , then jerked the steering wheel hard to the right , veering the delivery truck off the gravel road onto a narrower dirt path under a thick canopy of lacy trees . 
 alejo knew where they were : pairumani , a country estate that had belonged to simon pati o. pati o had been one of the wealthiest men in the world during world war ii , making his fortune through tin . 
 this house and its gardens and lands were his retreat from his mansion in cochabamba . 
 farther along the path , a low waterfall gurgled along the edge of the road , running over mossy boulders . 
 the tree canopy suddenly dropped away , opening up to the breathtaking sight of a spacious field under a sapphire blue sky , white fluffy stalks of wild grain waving in the gentle breeze . 
 towering over the crops , two stately rows of ponderous palm trees lined a neat dirt road against a backdrop of mountain peaks , right up to an ornate metal gate that was the entrance to the pairumani estate . 
 alejo raised an eyebrow at his friend , who only turned the truck towards the gate , frowning unhappily . 
 when alejo had visited this place once before , the fields had been dotted with various volunteer students working on experimental agricultural projects sponsored by pati o 's charitable foundation . 
 a few mornings a week , the caretakers of pairumani opened its gates , with permission from the pati o family who now lived outside bolivia , for tourists to visit the beautiful grounds . 
 now no one was in sight . 
 the fields were empty and seemingly overgrown and abandoned ; no uniformed guard waited near the gate . 
 wait?there is a guard here . 
 inhaling sharply , alejo recognized those glinting eyes , malicious when they needed to be . 
 sauntering over to open the gate , dressed in the olive uniform of a private security guard , was benjamin torres . 
 `` what have you guys done ? '' 
 alejo raised an eyebrow , bracing himself as gabriel floored the accelerator and the truck raced inside the gate . 
 `` oh , no one uses this place anymore , '' gabriel shrugged . 
 `` they have n't worked on those agricultural projects here in a couple of years , and the pati o family is n't scheduled to come stay here for two more months . 
 you know the khan-always likes to stay in style . 
 it was either this or some dumpy hostel . 
 believe me , this is better . '' 
 gabriel glanced in the rearview mirror as benjamin shut the gate . 
 `` looks like benjamin is back . 
 he made good time . '' 
 `` the guards ? '' 
 alejo was peering out the window , looking for any sign of the rest of his team . 
 `` they 're fine , '' gabriel waved away his concern . 
 `` there were only three , and they 're tied up in a nice cozy room . 
 we bring them food . 
 they did n't see our faces , so after a few more days we 'll let them go and they 'll chalk it up to armed robbery . 
 we 'll take a few little treasures with us to make it look authentic . '' 
 alejo sighed and put one hand on the door , really anxious to get out of the car . 
 his mind raced back to wara , still handcuffed in the back of the truck , and he tried to think how he was going to get her out of this mess?again . 
 he deserved to be here ; after all , he had broken the rules and it was only fair to have to pay . 
 panic wanted to mess with his head , however , about wara . 
 alejo tapped his foot compulsively against the floor of the truck , waiting for gabriel to park . 
 benjamin had latched the gate behind them , and he and stalin stared solemnly at the truck as it drove slowly across the manicured lawn . 
 alejo 's visions of gaining the advantage through his fighting skills died down as he saw what benjamin and stalin gripped casually by their sides . 
 two silver guns with silencers , glinting in the afternoon sun . 
 alejo 's shoulders tensed and he waited as gabriel parked the truck in a cluster of a pomegranate trees . 
 how did everything come to this ? 
 a few months ago the khan loaded me with presents and i was an honored guest in his house . 
 last thursday , the guys and i were eating brownies in the caf together , ready for another day at work . 
 images of the thousands of times alejo had prostrated himself to allah on the ground , barefoot , filled his mind , and he found his heart repeating the prayer , you are great , lord , you are great . 
 please let me honor you , oh god . 
 he heard gabriel yank the key out of the ignition and saw him reach for the door . 
 his friend hesitated , then turned to alejo with a pained look in his eyes . 
 `` i shot wara back along the road , ok ? 
 in a little while , i 'm going to have to take this truck out again . 
 ok , che ? 
 she can get out and run away . '' 
 alejo could n't help himself . 
 he grabbed gabriel 's skinny shoulders and pulled him into one of the manly bear hugs that only true latino men can share , then let him go . 
 reaching back to rip open the tiny sliding door between the back of the truck and the cab , alejo said , `` wara ! 
 do n't make any noise , ok ? 
 you 're gon na be alright . '' 
 then he pushed the little door closed and climbed out of the truck to whatever was waiting for him . 
 stalin and benjamin were standing behind the truck , weapons obviously loaded and pointed casually in alejo 's direction . 
 neither of them looked particularly happy ; in fact , stalin looked downright miserable . 
 alejo nodded in greeting , then looked beyond them to where ishmael khan was waiting , sitting on a bronze-colored bench in the center of the garden , shaded by a lilac flowering tree . 
 the rest of the neatly-trimmed lawn was dotted with giant bushes that were trimmed to be absolutely round in form , like ridiculous sea-green pincushions . 
 behind the front yard , the imposing country house rose to the sky , painted cream with an opaque golden trim , windows framed by intricate colonial plaster designs . 
 a stone path began near the house , leading to a shimmering pond with emerald waters and a circular wooden hut with thatched roof in the center of the pool . 
 stately snow white swans glided on the surface of the water , skimming the scales of mammoth orange goldfish . 
 the khan was calmly flipping through a book , which alejo recognized as his bible . 
 of course ishmael had found it in alejo 's tent . 
 in light of alejo disappearing with wara , the bible must have only given the khan one more clue as to the reason for alejo 's desertion . 
 `` and the american ? '' 
 benjamin 's eyebrows were raised at gabriel . 
 gabriel waved away his concern and put one hand on his hip , crossly . 
 `` if the khan wanted her here you should have told me beforehand , because it 's a little late now . 
 she 's in lake alalay with a couple holes in her head . '' 
 `` i told you it was n't about her , '' benjamin said to stalin , shooting an amused glance at alejo . 
 `` there 's something else going on here besides just a sudden case of true love . 
 he does n't seem to be too disturbed that she 's dead . '' 
 stalin sighed , glumly , and alejo felt bad for him . 
 `` he wants to talk to you . '' 
 stalin jutted his chin in the direction of the bench where the pashto man sat , and gripped his gun tightly , still pointing it at alejo . 
 then , quieter , he hissed , `` how could you do this , che ? 
 of course you know what you 've done ? '' 
 alejo saw benjamin shake his head , face unreadable as usual , hand pointing the gun steady . 
 `` so , you left the gringo couple alone ? '' 
 alejo asked calmly , meeting his eyes . 
 `` as promised , '' benjamin 's mouth tipped up in a dry smile . 
 `` that would n't have been an extremely pleasant experience for me . 
 you 're the one who 's in trouble . '' 
 gabriel 's voice cheerily interrupted them . 
 `` i 'm coming in a sec , guys . 
 i 've got ta get my gun out of the truck . '' 
 thank god he said he 'll let her go . 
 alejo let stalin and benjamin frame him and walk him towards ishmael khan . 
 he kept up the quick pace gladly , because every step took them farther away from the white truck that held wara . 
 `` what about l zaro ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` have n't seen him around . '' 
 `` he asked for time off , '' stalin said tightly . 
 `` he would n't admit it , but this whole thing had him upset . 
 she being his old girlfriend and all . 
 you 're an idiot to do this to us , you know that , che ? '' 
 stalin continued , whispering , sweat trickling down his temple . 
 `` you compromised everything . '' 
 then he fell silent as the three of them pulled up in front of ishmael khan , waiting with the bible across one knee and a gun and silencer resting on the other . 
 25 crimson wara was trying to muster the will to raise herself from sprawled on the truck floor in handcuffs to sitting , when a little window at the front of the truck slid open with a whoosh . 
 `` do n't move , wara , '' alejo 's voice ordered . 
 `` you 're gon na be alright . '' 
 then , just as quickly , the little door closed again , followed by two slamming vibrations of the truck as gabriel and alejo apparently left it and shut the doors . 
 her mouth was left hanging open , never having the chance to respond to alejo 's hurried instructions . 
 his words rang in her head and she let her mouth snap shut , trying to relax and not make a sound from where she lay sideways , arms twisted behind her in the cuffs . 
 wara could make out the sound of male voices outside , but they were muted and the sound did n't carry well through the metal truck . 
 she ignored the burning in her arms , watching the dented white metal door . 
 she expected the men to come bursting in any second , this time to kill her for sure . 
 the truth was , at the moment the whole idea did n't scare her as it should . 
 wara had just come from noah 's funeral , where she had seen his parents weeping over his coffin ; she was too numb to resist . 
 the voices died away , followed by a few electronic beeps . 
 something that sounded like rusting metal scraped painfully across both of the doors , and then a crack of daylight breached the darkened interior of the truck . 
 squinting , wara made out gabriel 's narrow face , framed by a halo of light . 
 he climbed into the truck , pulled the door mostly closed behind him and marched towards wara . 
 she cringed , but gabriel just squatted on the truck bed next to her and put a finger to his lips . 
 `` ssssshhhhh ! '' 
 he cautioned , throwing her a warning look . 
 then the bombshell : `` i 'm letting you go . '' 
 immediately on his feet again , gabriel strode to the back of the truck and grabbed a black duffel bag , which he unzipped . 
 wara blinked at him , wondering if he was serious . 
 she twisted her head to follow gabriel 's movement and then froze as she saw him yank a gun out of the bag . 
 hands steady , he lifted a handful of oblong bullets from one pant pocket and began stuffing them into the gun . 
 `` i ca n't believe i 'm doing this , '' he muttered , then whirled the gun 's chamber shut . 
 gabriel bent down next to her again , glanced at the truck door , then whispered crossly , `` i told them i already killed you , so do n't make any noise unless you want me-and of course , you -- to be blown away like poor alejo is about to be . '' 
 wara 's head spun and unexplained panic filled her chest . 
 `` i 'll be back pretty soon , i assume . 
 when we come back , hide under those tarps over there if you want to live . 
 i have to leave the door open or they might suspect . '' 
 he grabbed wara 's wrists and unlocked her handcuffs . 
 `` th-thank you , '' she stammered . 
 gabriel looked down at her from where he stood , face slick with sweat . 
 `` do n't thank me . 
 alejo is in charge , but i 'm the one who put the explosives on the bus . 
 alejo does n't know how to do that stuff . '' 
 lifting his chin , gabriel turned his back on her and stomped back to the door of the truck , causing the whole vehicle to sway . 
 wara felt sick , watching him go out of the corner of her eye . 
 gabriel left only a small crack of light shining into the truck , and with the doors no longer tightly sealed , she could make out the voices from outside , louder and more intense . 
 wara crawled at a snail 's pace over to the crack of light and pressed her nose gingerly against it , trying to judge how far away she was from the other men . 
 the truck seemed to be parked under a bunch of trees , and through the leafy branches she could make out a group of four men standing maybe fifty feet away . 
 she recognized the three with guns from before -- stalin , benjamin , and gabriel , who had just shocked her by saying he was not going to kill her . 
 l zaro was nowhere in sight . 
 alejo , in the center of them all , was the target of all of the guns ' aim . 
 sitting peacefully on a bench in the beautiful garden of pairumani sat the older guy with salt-and-pepper hair , wearing a navy cardigan sweater and pressed khaki pants , like the perfect gentleman . 
 what are we doing at pairumani ? 
 are n't there any tourists around ? 
 she had been here a few times on the weekend with friends , once with noah . 
 the little wara could see of the pristine garden surrounding the mansion was empty , except for the small group of muslim men . 
 she realized that she felt relief the martirs were out of the country , away from all this danger . 
 but then her joy tempered as she thought , if they kill alejo , who will make sure these guys do n't find nazaret 's family ? 
 wara blinked and everything in front of her shimmered . 
 god , are they really going to kill him ? 
 her hands shook and she kept them away from the open door , eyes glued to the scene unfolding outside . 
 the man with the grandfather face-ishmael-was speaking accented spanish . 
 `` stalin has been trying to tell me that this was a case of youthful indiscretion , that you were attracted to this girl ? '' 
 alejo shrugged , appearing no more concerned then if they were discussing what color to paint the foyer . 
 `` it could have been true , but that 's not what happened . '' 
 his strong voice carried across the garden . 
 `` i just did n't think it was right to kill her when god obviously let her survive . 
 it was n't what god wanted . 
 i caused something , and i 'm willing to pay the penalty for it . 
 i had to do what 's right and try to help her . '' 
 `` well , now that 's all useless anyway , since the end result is that she is dead and the rest of us have all been quite inconvenienced . 
 ah , alejo ! '' 
 ishmael 's voice sounded sad and he stood up , walking to stand directly in front of nazaret 's brother . 
 wara saw that the flash of metal in ishmael 's hand was a gun . 
 `` you were a nephew to me , my own family ! 
 i took you in ? '' 
 the older man 's voice cut off as he glanced away , dramatically . 
 `` in my life i have seen so much betrayal , so many that i could not trust . 
 how can i stand this , that i ca n't even trust you , who have been like my own nephew ? 
 you must tell me the truth , son . '' 
 ishmael sighed audibly . 
 `` have you really betrayed us ? 
 have you told others about the prism ? 
 about my work ? '' 
 `` i have n't told anyone anything the least bit useful to them at all , ishmael , '' alejo replied calmly , as if trying to reason with the other men . 
 `` you are all like family to me . 
 i do n't want anything to happen to any of you . 
 all i did was try to take the girl away so you would n't kill her . 
 i simply saw a situation where i had to do what i thought was right . '' 
 this seemed to make ishmael very happy , and he raised both arms in the air , a smile plastered on his face . 
 `` excellent ! 
 i do n't know why i should believe you , but i have known you since you were almost a child , alejo . 
 i believe you . 
 so then , even now , we could talk , we could find a way to bring you back . 
 you know all the ways of islam . 
 allah will forgive you . '' 
 then gabriel stepped forward , both hands steadying the gun wara had seen him take from the truck . 
 his pale face was twisted but his eyes narrowed with determination . 
 `` he 's an apostate , ishmael . 
 he told me himself . 
 he ca n't come back . '' 
 the change was astonishing . 
 wara watched as ishmael 's face crumpled , then darkened , until he was left glaring at alejo with fury . 
 whirling around , he grabbed an object from a bench nearby and the sound of ripping pages knifed through the air . 
 a book . 
 wara squinted to see better , then realized it was the same arabic bible she had seen in alejo 's tent that night . 
 the onion-skin pages were fluttering to the grass , torn by ishmael 's furious hand . 
 `` is that necessary ? '' 
 alejo asked grimly . 
 `` you would destroy a book that even the quran calls holy ? '' 
 ishmael tossed the destroyed book over his shoulder and glowered at alejo , breathing heavily . 
 `` when i heard you say you did n't mean us any harm , i assumed that my suspicions about you leaving our religion could n't be true . 
 we found this in your tent , but i told the others that it could n't mean anything . '' 
 the older man 's voice was hurt and angry . 
 `` i wo n't believe it until i hear it from your own lips . 
 are you a christian ? '' 
 `` i believe jesus is the son of god , the savior , '' alejo said . 
 stalin looked up at the sky , as if in defeat , and benjamin shook his head . 
 gabriel kept his grip tightly on his gun , staring at alejo , pallid . 
 ishmael khan took three clipped steps forward and rammed the gun he held against alejo 's forehead with an echoing click . 
 `` even with this betrayal , i wanted to take you back , alejo martir . 
 say the word , and i 'll take you back again , to be one of us . 
 say you will leave this blasphemy , that god has a son . 
 say you will return to islam and no longer follow jesus . '' 
 alejo looked back at him for a moment and then loudly said , `` no . '' 
 wara had never seen one moment pass so quickly . 
 alejo was on the ground seemingly before the shot even roared . 
 wara stared in horror at the sickly crimson mist that hung over his body , crumpled on the grass . 
 ishmael had n't even had time to lower the gun , and alejo was gone . 
 `` oh no , oh no , oh no ! '' 
 wara looked one way , then the other , whispering frantically . 
 she forced herself to focus on the scene outside again . 
 alejo martir was still sprawled on grass that was a deep crimson . 
 he was dead . 
 she had seen a man die . 
 and they are coming back here , to the truck , with his body . 
 that next thought beat urgently against her dazed brain , and she tried to focus . 
 gabriel and stalin were pulling alejo onto a gray wool blanket . 
 ishmael khan wandered off towards a more shaded part of the garden . 
 gabriel and stalin began to haul the blanket slowly across the grass towards the truck . 
 something foul tickled the back of wara 's throat and she choked down the urge to gag . 
 feeling faint , she crawled in slow motion under the canvas tarps gabriel had pointed out and tried not to move . 
 but she was shaking . 
 with every breath she felt like she was making the whole truck tremble . 
 the truck doors clanged open and someone grunted as the truck swayed . 
 they were going to put his body in here . 
 with her . 
 stalin 's voice echoed around her , crackly and breaking . 
 `` i ca n't believe this . 
 how could he be so stupid ? 
 i do n't think i can do this . '' 
 `` the worst is over , '' gabriel said , sounding quite sick as well . 
 `` it 's our job . 
 we just do what we have to do , stalin . '' 
 `` it 's alejo ! '' 
 stalin hissed , tone suggesting he wanted to yell . 
 wara heard a fist slam against the inside wall of the truck near the door . 
 the floor bounced as they stepped to the ground and both doors slammed shut , leaving the truck 's interior in utter darkness . 
 the sound of the two voices moved around the front of the truck , obviously still in heated discussion , and then the muffled sound of a door shutting and the truck roared to life . 
 gabriel , or whoever was at the wheel , was driving like a bat out of hell , nearly throwing wara into the corner of the truck every time they took a skidding turn . 
 she supposed they were driving away to get rid of the body , and the thought was horrible . 
 she had n't liked alejo much , but he was nazaret 's brother . 
 somehow , in the middle of all this mess , he had saved her life . 
 her stomach churned , complicated by the wild motion of the delivery truck . 
 she kicked the heavy tarps off her body , desperate for fresh air . 
 it was really dark inside the truck , and that was probably a good thing , because the thought of looking over and seeing alejo covered in blood next to her was terrifying . 
 but finally she could n't resist . 
 she slowly turned her head to one side and made out a still form next to her . 
 very , very still . 
 they had left him there on his stomach , eyes staring at her in the darkness . 
 his curly hair was wet and sticky and blood splattered over one ear and ran down his chin to pool on the wool blanket . 
 she shivered and turned her eyes back to the darkened ceiling , breathing deeply . 
 the sound of her gasping breaths echoed in slow motion around the interior of the truck , slow and rasping . 
 then wara 's skin crawled as she heard a low moan , and the tickle of breath across her cheek sent her scrambling into the corner , arms wrapped around her knees . 
 was someone else here ? 
 the shallow breathing continued , shuddering in slow puffs of air around the truck , and wara knew it was n't hers . 
 she was holding her breath , heart in her throat . 
 the truth came to her all of a sudden and she crashed forward onto her knees , palms spread out on alejo 's back . 
 his shoulder blades shifted upwards , then fell . 
 he was breathing . 
 she waited for what seemed like an eternity until alejo 's back rose and fell again , a rasping , choking sound that sent millipedes racing up her back . 
 he 's still alive . 
 wara threw herself down on her stomach next to alejo and whispered , `` can you hear me ? '' 
 no answer . 
 she forced herself to feel for the wound on his head , but could n't find any place where blood seemed to be spurting , nowhere that she could put pressure on the stop the bleeding . 
 `` alejo , can you hear me ? 
 it 's wara ! '' 
 she was confused to find that she was crying . 
 how could alejo have survived that ? 
 i saw him shot point-blank in the head ! 
 she had to tell the guys up front . 
 alejo needed a hospital . 
 wara paused , imagining herself kicking the wall of the truck 's cab like a madwoman to get gabriel 's attention . 
 stalin does n't know i 'm alive back here , and i do n't know how badly he wants me dead . 
 and if either of them finds out alejo is alive , they could come back here and just finish the job . 
 sweat pricked wara 's armpits . 
 the vehicle spun to a skidding stop and two doors slammed . 
 wara braced herself next to alejo , waiting like a deer caught in the headlights for the truck doors to open . 
 time was up for any kind of decision ; they were coming back here . 
 a scraping of metal , then the truck filled with shafts of light , filtered through shadowy eucalyptus branches waving over the truck outside . 
 wara saw that they were stopped near the side of the road , still in the countryside . 
 the two guys peered into the truck , expressions grim . 
 `` he 's still alive ! '' 
 wara blurted out , holding out a hand towards alejo and realizing it was smeared with blood . 
 she scrubbed her hand frantically on her black pants . 
 `` he 's your friend ! 
 take him to the hospital . 
 there 's still time ! '' 
 gabriel regarded alejo with pinched lips ; stalin 's mouth gaped open , taking in first alejo lying there , then wara next to him . 
 `` i told stalin that you were back here , '' gabriel clipped . 
 `` he 's a nice guy anyway , kind of a pushover . 
 i thought maybe he would help me . 
 he noticed that alejo was still alive on the ground at pairumani . '' 
 `` thank god he 's still?we 've got to hurry , wara . '' 
 stalin 's voice was heavy . 
 `` we 're taking him to univalle hospital-it 's close to the lake where we 're supposedly leaving him , and then the khan is waiting for us at the airport . 
 we 've got to hurry , or he 'll suspect . 
 and it 'll be too late . '' 
 stalin blanched and turned away from the sight of his friend covered in blood . 
 `` wara . '' 
 gabriel snapped his long fingers , calling her attention back . 
 `` when we get to univalle , we ca n't stay . 
 we 're going to drop him and you and get away as fast as we can . 
 you 've got to run , ok ? 
 invent something to tell the doctors , but do n't tell them the truth . 
 if you tell anyone about us , the authorities and media will find out . 
 and if they find out , the khan and everyone else will know you and alejo are not dead . 
 you understand . '' 
 gabriel had been speaking quickly but concisely . 
 he suddenly slowed down and his shoulder sagged . 
 `` please help him . 
 he did this for you . '' 
 gabriel waved his hand unsteadily at alejo 's lifeless form , then looked back at wara once more with tortured eyes . 
 `` hurry up ! '' 
 stalin said loudly , and then slammed one of the doors . 
 the other reverberated like thunder as it too was shut heavily , and then footsteps running on gravel sounded outside . 
 with a gentle jerk , the truck sprinted back into motion , towards cochabamba and life for alejo . 
 an eternal fifteen minutes or so dragged by as wara braced herself in the pitch darkness , trying not to be thrown on top of alejo by the urgent driving maneuvers of his friends . 
 she left a palm on alejo 's back . 
 finally , the delivery truck careened around a last corner and came to a screeching halt , causing wara to bang a shoulder against the metal side . 
 running footsteps , and then the doors to the truck were opened , letting in florescent light from an overhead street lamp . 
 the sun had already disappeared , and the sky was deep blue . 
 `` univalle , '' stalin 's scratchy voice said , face etched with stress . 
 he and gabriel leaped into the truck and began to carefully pull the blanket with alejo 's prostrate form towards the door . 
 `` still breathing ? '' 
 stalin asked wara . 
 she nodded and scrambled up after them , leaping out onto what she saw was the sidewalk of the hospital . 
 she had heard of this university teaching hospital , located near the poorer south of the city . 
 five tan , modern-looking stories rose out of an adobe house neighborhood , and the truck had stopped right in front of the main entrance . 
 no one was visible at this time of night , but a guard shack just inside the entrance told wara that someone might soon appear to see what was going on in front of the hospital . 
 gabriel and stalin heaved alejo and blanket to the ground as gently as they could , then whirled to face wara . 
 `` go with god , '' stalin muttered , covering his eyes with his hands . 
 then he dashed to the passenger side of the truck . 
 gabriel was already half in the driver 's side , but leaned back to whisper , `` go ! 
 run ! '' 
 the truck pealed away in a cloud of dust , rounding the corner at the end of the short street at break-neck speed . 
 alejo 's ribcage rose shakily , then he gagged and shuddered into the wool blanket . 
 here in the dim street light , wara could see the blood already starting to dry , plastered along one cheek , matting his hair . 
 his eyes had closed . 
 a hospital guard in a navy uniform stepped questioningly toward her from the shack , eyeing the form on the ground . 
 wara ran . 
 `` please , help me ! '' 
 she cried to the guard , then ran past him into the near-empty waiting room where she saw a door with large red letters : emergencias . 
 `` help , somebody help , please ! '' 
 yelling to anyone in sight , wara pleaded for help for the man who had caused noah 's funeral . 
 26 pale blue the pillow beneath her head was prickly with feathers , the pale blue cotton blanket meant to be soft and comforting . 
 but wara shivered on the narrow hospital bed all night , sleeping barely a wink between nocturnal nurse visits and the constant beeping of the blood pressure machine . 
 alejo was alive . 
 he was lying nearly motionless on the other bed in the hospital room , chest faintly rising and falling under a matching pale blue blanket . 
 a thick ream of gauze was plastered around his head , covering the wound where the doctors claimed the bullet had narrowly missed his brain . 
 but that was impossible ; wara had seen the gun pressed point-blank against the center of alejo 's forehead , then fire . 
 he should n't be alive . 
 and he might not be for much longer . 
 `` for now your fianc is stable , but in a coma , '' dr. ortega had told her seriously last night , wadding used latex gloves in the pocket of his lab coat after emerging from the emergency room . 
 remembering gabriel 's ominous words of warning not to let anyone find out she and alejo were still alive , wara had told the doctor she was engaged to the man who 'd been shot in the head . 
 they were tourists here from the u.s. , and had been robbed at gunpoint in the country near pairumani . 
 dr. ortega looked at her over gold-rimmed glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose with thick , hairy fingers . 
 `` we 're not out of the woods , yet , by any means . 
 the bullet 's shock waves could have serious repercussions . 
 i 'm going to be honest with you . 
 if your fianc would need brain surgery , there 's no way we can do it here . 
 an airlift to chile or argentina would take too long . 
 stay with him tonight in the extra bed in the room ; if he 's going to pull through we should know by the morning . '' 
 and now it was morning ; crisp white light filtered in through the blue checked curtains of the hospital room . 
 a matronly nurse in a tri-cornered hat and thick stockings was shoving a glass thermometer under alejo 's tongue and smoothing the covers over his shoulders . 
 as if he would have been able to mess them up somehow ; nazaret 's brother was as motionless as he had been sprawled there on the ground at pairumani . 
 but he 's still alive . 
 dr. ortega had said that if alejo made it til the morning , his chances were better . 
 wara sat up groggily on the bed and turned toward him , eyes stinging as she took in the bloodied bandage above one closed eye . 
 i have to call the martirs , she realized . 
 the idea brought a new chill of shock . 
 how could she tell them what had happened , that the son they had just found as a killer had been shot and could die ? 
 and that she had seen the whole thing ? 
 feeling sick , wara ignored the matronly nurse with clogs and staggered wordlessly into the hall . 
 clean white tiles spread before her , and the air was ripe with the scent of clorox and chamomile tea cooling on breakfast trays . 
 wara stumbled to the silver elevator and punched a button to head down , desperate to get some fresh air . 
 in the pocket of her black pants , she fingered the fat wad of boliviano bills she had removed from alejo 's pants before the nurses carried him into the emergency room . 
 it should be enough to last for awhile ; for sure it was enough to make a call to the martirs ' cell phone in lima . 
 the doors dinged open on the main floor , but as soon as wara 's eyes hit the lobby she nearly doubled over , remembering the scene last night when she ran across the tiles screaming for help . 
 without stopping , wara did a one eighty and headed down the hall , towards the back of the hospital and away from the lobby . 
 plastic olive chairs lined the scuffed walls , filled with women in polleras and children licking suckers . 
 wara eyed them all blankly , forcing herself to put one foot in front of the other , really hoping there was going to be a back exit to this hospital . 
 and outside the exit , some quiet , grass-covered spot where she could curl up and wail , possibly until next week . 
 it was still early ; the call to the martirs was going to have to wait just a little bit more . 
 the creaky voice calling to her in quechua took her totally unaware . 
 `` imajnaya kasanki ? 
 how are you , wara ? '' 
 wara planted her flip-flops in the center of the hall and whirled around , eyes wild . 
 who knew her here ? 
 she was supposed to be dead . 
 the navy cardigan sweater and thin gray braids were nothing out of the ordinary in this row of quechua women awaiting the doctor , but the crinkled black eyes regarding wara immediately flashed familiar . 
 do a filomena , the elderly lady who worked at caf amara ! 
 wara felt her shoulders slump with relief and she took the few faltering steps over towards the older woman , overwhelmed to see someone from her old life . 
 her old life , before the trip to coroico , before disaster . 
 wara slowly leaned forward to grasp do a filomena 's forearm , mumbling the usual quechua greeting . 
 the woman smiled , dispersing a legion of crow 's feet across her copper cheeks . 
 `` i have been needing to have some tests done for a while , '' she was saying in quechua , `` and since the caf is closed today i am taking advantage of the time . '' 
 wara swallowed hard . 
 caf amara , vestiges of another dimension . 
 `` the caf is closed ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 her voice faded to a whisper as she asked , `` why ? '' 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 do a filomena 's rheumy eyes flickered , then she cocked her head to one side . 
 `` of course you know ! 
 they said you were on the bus as well , that bus that had the accident . 
 this whole week we prayed for you , and that boy . 
 we prayed for you so much . 
 what am i thinking , how could i forget that ! 
 they said that you had been found and that you were all right . 
 but then yesterday i went to work , to peel potatoes and make the humintas , and they said that the caf was closed until next week , because they found that poor boy had died and gone to glory . '' 
 wara 's words stuck in her throat . 
 i ca n't talk about noah , or i 'm going to throw myself into her arms and cry . 
 her knees trembled beneath her . 
 and then she heard herself say something she never would have expected . 
 `` do a filomena , can you please pray for another friend of mine ? '' 
 the word ` friend ' was spoken rather tightly . 
 `` he was shot in the head . 
 the doctors think he might not live . '' 
 `` oh , that is serious ! '' 
 do a filomena shook her head slowly , thin gray braids scratching her worn sweater . 
 `` we must pray for this poor boy , too . 
 sometimes , when i am not working , i come here to the hospital to pray for people . 
 and if i can not come , i will remember to pray for your friend at church . '' 
 wara felt some kind of relief that filomena would probably be waving her hands around and praying for alejo , because right now , she could n't . 
 all she could do was sit there and watch him , to see if he would live or die . 
 fighting back the bitterness stinging her throat , wara said goodbye to do a filomena and made a beeline for the back door of the hospital . 
 an ample concrete square shaded by a balcony preceded the hospital 's delivery area , currently completely empty . 
 filomena 's words echoed through wara 's head : `` they found out that poor boy had died and gone to glory . '' 
 barely stifling a cry of grief , wara flopped to the ground behind a huge clay planter and curled into a ball . 
 sometime in the afternoon , wara forced herself up from the ground . 
 she wandered the dusty neighborhood and called the martirs on the brand new cell phone alejo had bought for them . 
 she could n't call them on her own new cell phone , because the thing only worked for local calls . 
 by the time she left the viva call center across from univalle , dusk had darkened to full-blown night . 
 few people passed the hospital on the unlit sidewalks . 
 wara sighed deeply and headed across the street to the hospital , resigned to spend one last night here before joining the martirs in lima . 
 yes , she felt bad for alejo ; he was up there all alone , life hanging in the balance . 
 but he was n't hers to care for , not by a long shot . 
 she needed some time , needed to be close to people she actually liked . 
 the roll of red boliviano bills she had pilfered from alejo were more than enough to make it to lima . 
 with her dark coloring , she 'd likely make it across the border on the bus without showing id . 
 she had also called her parents again from the call center , and they would wire money to lima for her and arrange for a plane ticket back to the u.s. home . 
 but not really . 
 this had been her home . 
 i loved this city . 
 i never wanted to leave . 
 but now cochabamba seemed full of unknown stalkers and haunted memories . 
 for the first time since she arrived in bolivia five years ago , wara wanted to go home . 
 chest still tight with emotion , wara exited the elevator upstairs and turned towards the room she shared with comatose alejo . 
 the halls were dim and empty and a faint , urgent beeping drilled the walls . 
 from the direction of alejo 's room . 
 wara swallowed hard , just as the buxom nurse from this morning pushed past her , practically tearing up the tiles in her white clogs . 
 wara froze , then hurried after her with clipped steps , as the nurse dove into the open door where wara had left alejo . 
 she ducked inside to find alejo convulsing on the bed and the blood pressure machine going wild . 
 dr. ortega had his back to wara , punching a syringe into the plastic of alejo 's iv bag . 
 five or six nurses in white were framing the bed , grim and sober . 
 every single set of eyes flickered to wara as she entered , and none of the gazes were friendly . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 she asked stupidly , knowing they all must hate her for disappearing the whole day while her fianc was hovering between life and death . 
 `` he 's dying ! '' 
 the nurse with the clogs snapped , then turned back to alejo . 
 `` it 's the swelling . '' 
 dr. ortega 's face shone slick with sweat above a bushy black beard . 
 `` it 's gotten worse , making him convulse . 
 his heart 's racing . 
 it 's like i told you , se orita . 
 the only way to relieve the swelling is to operate . 
 we ca n't do that here . '' 
 wara wandered closer , ignoring the cool glances of the nurses . 
 alejo had stopped shaking and lay flat on the bed , face the color of white clay . 
 `` he 's dying ? '' 
 she repeated , moving so close one hand touched the edge of the bed near alejo 's elbow . 
 `` the bullet did n't enter his brain , '' the doctor said , speaking loudly over the frantic beep of alejo 's heart rate . 
 `` but the impact still caused this swelling . 
 it 's much worse than we thought . 
 his heart ca n't keep this up much longer . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 wara did n't even look at the doctor , but her face crumpled as she watched alejo . 
 i should leave . 
 just leave . 
 i do n't have to watch this . 
 but her heart surged to her throat , vibrating with what she realized was compassion . 
 she clutched the bed sheet with white knuckles . 
 alejo 's heart rate accelerated further and his back arched . 
 and then his eyes flew open , leaving wara absolutely shocked , staring into a sea of hazel . 
 he was sitting , suddenly , gasping and leaning forward onto the pale blue blanket . 
 the monitor 's beeping dove from a constant beep to deep electronic thuds . 
 and stayed that way . 
 dr. ortega had flown to the bedside and was leaning over alejo 's shoulder , trying to support him . 
 behind the gold-rimmed glasses , the doctor 's eyes were round and about to pop . 
 `` his heart rate 's normal , '' he stammered . 
 `` where did it?what happened to the tachycardia ? '' 
 the nurses had drawn back and were gaping at alejo sitting up on the bed . 
 and then they jumped . 
 because alejo grinned . 
 at wara . 
 it was weak and lop-sided , and looked out of place on his pale face . 
 but the smile caused his eyes to spark , and he glued his gaze on wara , who gawked back at him , knee propped against the side of his bed . 
 `` you ! '' 
 he croaked . 
 then coughed and tried another grin . 
 `` he told me i would n't remember your name . 
 does n't matter . 
 they 're coming for us . 
 two of them . 
 and he said we 're just supposed to go , and do whatever they say . 
 come with me ! '' 
 and then the grin faded and alejo hunched farther over , as if just now feeling the pain traveling down the nerve pathways from his head . 
 `` what hospital is this ? '' 
 he moaned , leaning over onto his knees with head in his hands . 
 `` i remember everything . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm here . '' 
 the nurses rushed towards him , firm hands admonishing the patient to lie back down . 
 wara forced her mouth to shut and backed up a few feet from the bed . 
 she ripped her gaze away from alejo towards the doctor , who was still watching wide-eyed and incredulous . 
 `` i ca n't believe?i was sure he was?dying . '' 
 as if realizing he had just said that out loud , dr. ortega snapped his mouth shut and rubbed his temple . 
 `` this is really unusual . 
 we 'll have to run some more tests . 
 i 'd say we 're not out of the woods yet , after that little speech our patient just made . 
 he 's obviously delirious . 
 it 's to be expected with the brain trauma . '' 
 delirious . 
 of course . 
 `` they 're coming for us ? '' 
 that had sounded like a line out of terminator . 
 a skinny nurse butted into wara 's line of sight , cutting off the conversation with the doctor . 
 `` doctor , '' she clipped nervously . 
 `` the patient he?can ' t see . '' 
 wara blinked , staying where she was as dr. ortega moved towards alejo and tried to check his sight . 
 `` you ca n't see ? '' 
 the doctor asked with concern . 
 alejo was lying still on the rumpled pillow , eyes opened narrowly . 
 `` i ca n't see anything , '' he answered . 
 `` there you go . '' 
 dr. ortega turned his head towards wara . 
 `` it 's still the swelling . 
 considering the loss of sight and that delirious talk , i 'm going to have the lab come up and do some more tests right away . '' 
 but he looked right at me . 
 when he woke up , wara thought , stunned . 
 that grin , half-crazed but out of his mind with delight about something . 
 he knew she was there . 
 and now he could n't see . 
 `` it 's late , '' the doctor told wara . 
 `` why do n't you try to get some rest , while we draw some blood for the tests . '' 
 everyone shuffled out into the hallway , leaving wara alone with alejo , lying still and pale in the bed . 
 staring at the ceiling and seeing nothing . 
 `` get some rest , '' the doctor says . 
 tomorrow could n't come fast enough . 
 wara needed to escape to lima . 
 27 sapphire gabriel shara forced himself to eat breakfast that morning purely out of habit . 
 his stomach was full of butterflies with razor wings and his hands tingled as he sat at the table near the large picture window in the kitchen . 
 he was waiting for manuel , and manuel was not coming . 
 gabriel realized that the hot water in his ceramic mug was getting cold , and he distractedly unscrewed the red plastic lid of the nescafe jar and scooped a generous heap of instant coffee into the water . 
 he added two tiny spoons of sugar and a stream of cream , stirring it around without thinking . 
 a tightly-sealed bag of crusty marraqueta bread had been delivered this morning and was sitting on the middle of the white lacquer table . 
 gabriel extracted one of them , sliced it open with a serrated knife from the table , and began to spread regia margarine and strawberry jam on each side . 
 as he bit into the chewy , warm bread , the thought crossed his mind : these are exactly like the ones my mom used to make , in the clay oven in the back yard . 
 gabriel 's mouth twitched into a smile at the image of his fashionable , upper-class mother , standing in the backyard in a pink apron and huge oven mitts , waiting for the crust of the marraquetas to reach just the right texture so she could snatch them from the steaming mouth of the oven in the corner of their backyard . 
 the shara family had maids and servants to do every kind of manual labor , but baking bread had been his mother 's hobby . 
 gabriel thought it was in her blood , passed down from her arab ancestors who had baked flat bread in outdoor ovens in palestine . 
 he sighed deeply at the memory of his mom . 
 it stunk that she could n't know about his work , and especially about the assignment gabriel was on today . 
 it was such an honor that the khan had thought of him for this job . 
 his mom would be so proud . 
 but she would probably never find out . 
 gabriel frowned in frustration and slowly chewed his bread , then glanced nervously out the window , watching for manuel . 
 gabriel was waiting in a large , newly-constructed house on a high slope at the north of cochabamba , one of many rented by the khan 's foundation . 
 no one else was here besides gabriel , and that fact was beginning to make gabriel sweat . 
 he swore silently as he took a swig of nescafe and stood up again to try to see over the concrete wall surrounding the house and down the hill where a car could be coming up the cobblestone street . 
 nothing . 
 the morning was silent , except for the sound of a few song birds flitting around the coral and white flowering trees in the neighborhood . 
 where was manuel ? 
 after the disastrous scene with alejo at pairumani and the subsequent rush to univalle , gabriel and stalin had made it just in time to the jorge wilstermann airport to meet benjamin and ishmael . 
 until the moment that the men were to check in for their flight to asuncion , where they would meet l zaro after his three-day sabbatical and regroup , only ishmael had known that gabriel would be staying behind . 
 as he clapped all his friends on the back good-bye , gabriel had casually explained that he had a contract for a job , and would meet them in asuncion after the weekend , inshallah . 
 allah willing . 
 okay , so gabriel would n't carry out the actual mission today , of course . 
 that was where manuel came in . 
 gabriel was the mastermind behind the whole thing , providing all the technical support . 
 the client who had hired him was going to pay him a cartload of money . 
 last night gabriel had stayed up much later than he should have , playing the violin much too fast while dreaming what he would buy for ambrin with the money . 
 he was thinking maybe a trip to europe for the honeymoon , because what girl did n't want to go to europe ? 
 in two more months , ambrin would graduate from nursing school and ishmael had said the wedding could happen after that . 
 the whole idea was enough to make gabriel downright delirious . 
 but he really did n't feel at peace . 
 of course he wanted to marry her ! 
 but that was just the problem . 
 allah had given gabriel back his life that night in peshawar when his throat had been slit . 
 what right did he have to just marry ambrin and go on honeymoon to paris and live happily ever after ? 
 the world was full of people suffering , their daily lives full of misery . 
 a good example was the people of palestine , where his grandparents had lived before immigrating to bolivia . 
 he probably still had relatives there , whom he had never met , trapped in what many considered the world 's largest jail . 
 conditions there were abject poverty , as the palestinians had been forced off their land by the israelis and left with nowhere to go . 
 they belonged to no country , thus had no passport and could never leave that place to study overseas or work . 
 and in palestine , there was no work . 
 would n't allah be more than a little mad if gabriel just married ambrin and sat around drinking coffee with her in the mornings and laughing about all their kids ' cute little antics ? 
 the thought caused gabriel 's stomach to churn . 
 what if allah was n't pleased with his decision to live out his own desires and marry ambrin ? 
 what if he would n't let him into paradise ? 
 the taste of the fresh bread soured in gabriel 's mouth and he gulped down the last inch of coffee , then glanced once more at the window . 
 the brick-colored stones of the street were still silent . 
 he carried his dishes over to the sink , where later they would be washed by someone the khan hired to keep this place up . 
 he dropped the margarine and cream off in the refrigerator , carefully tied up the bread in its bag with a perfect little knot . 
 all the rooms of the huge house were absolutely silent , and the slapping of gabriel 's bare feet across the shiny black tiles echoed loud . 
 he pulled a cell phone out of his jean pocket and punched in the number for manuel , holding his breath . 
 he 'll probably answer and say that he is just pulling up to the gate any minute . 
 he would n't be late for this , would he ? 
 not after all the time we 've spent . 
 manuel choque 's family lived in a one-room hut of adobe out in the mountains around potosi his father had not been home since he was two . 
 somehow , while packed into a classroom of seventy kids out in the countryside , he 'd been picked out as having musical talent . 
 manuel had been given a full scholarship to attend the iranian-bolivian conservatory , founded five years back in cochabamba . 
 the short , swarthy seventeen-year old was now a beautiful classical violin player , as well as a devoted muslim . 
 when he was n't studying , he made a small amount of cash playing at concerts and parties . 
 he also took occasional jobs playing at upscale restaurants , who requested musicians from the conservatory . 
 today , beginning at 12:00 , manuel was to play at a luncheon . 
 on his way to the job , manuel was to stop here at the house , to take care of some vital matters with gabriel , who had prepped him for this day in several important meetings . 
 manuel was supposed to arrive at 9:30 . 
 as the cell phone kept ringing , gabriel pulled the phone away from his ear to check the time . 
 9:42 . 
 how could he be late , today of all days ? 
 there was so much to do . 
 manuel knew what today meant . 
 he 'd said he wanted his life to mean something . 
 sighing crossly , gabriel hung up and redialed . 
 as the ringing began again , he padded across the wide entryway into a room that lay behind a heavy wooden door . 
 he pushed it open and strode over to a thick table , glancing for the hundredth time that morning at his creations from the past twenty-four hours of work . 
 in the corner of the room , boxes of explosives and electronics were scattered , like a kids ' legos dumped out onto the tiles . 
 the contents of gabriel 's tool boxes were sprawled across the dusty black tile of the floor , signs that a madman/half-genius had been at work , putting together things from raw ingredients with the inspiration of an artist . 
 but the most important item for today 's mission was laid out on a crude wooden workbench , awaiting the arrival of manuel . 
 gabriel 's violin was also resting on sapphire velvet in its case on a clean work table . 
 he almost choked up , seeing the instrument and remembering last night , how he 'd played for ambrin and dreamed of europe . 
 i 've slept in so many strange places like this house , that are home to no one ; full of generic dishes , fresh instant coffee , and beds that are always mysteriously made up with clean sheets by some unknown hand . 
 but as long as i 'm with my violin , it feels like home . 
 things are n't so bad . 
 gabriel pressed his lips together as the cell continued ringing , now for the fifth time . 
 he felt a little faint as it occurred to him that manuel was not coming . 
 no ! 
 how could he do this ? 
 how could he not understand how important this is ? 
 ok , yes , it 's a little scary . 
 but he said he was prepared ! 
 everything depends on him ! 
 gabriel slammed a fist into the wooden doorframe and leaned against it , breathing heavily . 
 manuel , how dare you chicken out on me ! 
 there was n't much time , and he really needed to think . 
 the only way near the targets was as the musical entertainment , sent by the conservatory . 
 and the iranian-bolivian conservatory had lined up manuel , per gabriel 's instructions . 
 i ca n't believe this ! 
 this is so important-i was so sure this is what allah wanted ! 
 how can we let this opportunity slip away , just because manuel did n't show ? 
 we are so close ! 
 but without him , there 's no way to get close enough to the targets . 
 gabriel blinked as his eyes fell upon the honey-colored wood of his violin , resting on top of sapphire velvet . 
 of course there 's a way . 
 i can replace manuel , tell them the conservatory sent me . 
 when they hear me play , there wo n't be a single complaint . 
 for a moment he felt a little woozy , the only thing holding him back a memory of deep , sapphire blue eyes framed by a lilac veil in a beautiful garden in pakistan . 
 but there really was no other way . 
 steeling himself , gabriel knelt , then prostrated himself on the ground , feeling dirty and unclean , knowing he had not washed himself properly for prayer . 
 if only allah could forgive him this one time , in this hour of greatest need . 
 unbidden , the scene from pairumani flashed through his mind : alejo , who had always cared about him , dead because he had refused to return to allah . 
 the bile of that betrayal threatened to rise up gabriel 's throat , along with crazy sorrow over losing his friend . 
 but greater than that was the concern that squeezed gabriel as he remembered his own betrayal : he had lied to the khan and let that girl go , out of pity . 
 she could cause all kind of damage to the cause of allah . 
 and allah knew all about it . 
 gabriel turned his hands up towards heaven , supplicating , then closed his eyes . 
 there was no more time . 
 he waited there on the floor , hoping for wisdom , feeling the burden of pleasing allah pressing him into the ground . 
 then he clenched his jaw , sure , and climbed to his feet , staring at the workbench . 
 i should never have trusted manuel to do this . 
 i will go . 
 with deliberation , gabriel unbuttoned his shirt and threw it on the floor , feeling the chill of the morning air on his bare chest . 
 time to get dressed . 
 the violin would be going with him , just as it always did to every place he called home . 
 this would n't be so bad . 
 28 fiery wara woke in the morning to luke-warm anise tea on a breakfast tray next to her bed . 
 she slit her eyes and saw alejo martir sitting cross-legged on the other bed in the hospital room , staring at nothing , wearing sweat pants under a blue plaid hospital gown . 
 she really did n't want to open her eyes . 
 alejo could n't see . 
 last night the doctor had ordered a lot of tests , but of course it was because of the gun shot to the head . 
 it was unbelievable he was even alive . 
 the only thing that convinced wara to sit up in bed was remembering that today she would get away from this place and be on her way back to see the martirs , then to the u.s. . 
 she tried to swing her legs over the side of the bed but her head spun like a ballerina practicing pirouettes . 
 her eyes felt like sandpaper and her nose still felt like it was stuffed with cotton . 
 thank god , dr. ortega said it was n't actually broken . 
 wara slapped at the cooling mug of tea on her tray and gulped it down , shuddering at the sickly sweet brew . 
 alejo heard the clatter of ceramic on the table and turned towards her , expression pained . 
 she needed to say something to him . 
 after all , this was good-bye . 
 or good riddance . 
 `` are you?are you ok ? '' 
 she asked tentatively . 
 of course he was n't ok . 
 he was blind and rather out of his mind . 
 wara frowned and slumped back into the headboard , remembering the silly grin of yesterday and alejo 's rambling about two something coming for us . 
 had it been two people ? 
 or aliens ? 
 alejo sighed and tried to smile towards her , but it was a sad smile . 
 `` the tests from yesterday show the swelling is down . 
 dr. ortega came in while you were sleeping . 
 he could n't believe it . 
 guess it 's supposed to take three or four days for the swelling to die down . 
 i still ca n't see though . 
 for that , he said just wait and see . 
 he said maybe my sight 'll come back . 
 from the way he said it , i think he 's just trying to be nice . '' 
 wara winced and forced herself to eat two round maria cookies from the white china plate next to the anise tea . 
 she was wiped out , barely keeping herself together . 
 what was she supposed to say ? 
 `` i 'm sorry this happened to you ? '' 
 `` it sure was awful watching your blood splatter everywhere , and i 'm sorry all your friends just sat by and watched ? '' 
 she had already talked with alejo a tiny bit last night , when just the two of them were left alone in the room after all the lab tests . 
 he remembered being shot and was obviously relieved that wara was alive and well . 
 wara filled him in on how stalin and gabriel had saved his life by dropping them off here at univalle . 
 there really was n't much else to say , was there ? 
 oh yeah . 
 `` i 'm going to lima , to see your family , '' she announced , watching his reaction while breaking another maria cookie up into tiny little bits . 
 `` tonight . 
 yesterday i found out the bus is leaving at six . '' 
 alejo 's face was impassive as he said he agreed with her decision . 
 wara slowly fed herself bites of cookie , willing the day to go by quickly . 
 they spent the next three hours watching tv . 
 or listening to tv , in alejo 's case . 
 the afternoon news began by the time a nurse brought a late lunch of white rice and chicken . 
 alejo fumbled with his fork at his plate , then froze and snatched the remote off his lap , stabbing buttons to turn up the volume . 
 `` look ! '' 
 he ordered , straining to hear the blaring voice of a female announcer . 
 wara turned her eyes to the small tv and nearly spit out a mouthful of sticky rice at the sight . 
 it was a building on cochabamba 's prado avenue , and it was burning . 
 alejo was leaning towards the television , knuckles squeezing the life out of the remote . '' ? 
 at around 12:30 today , '' the announcer was saying . 
 `` there have been reports of an explosion , followed by these images of fiery destruction you are now seeing at the hotel diplomat . '' 
 the screen cut to the picture of burning building again , towering over the busy prado avenue , flames licking the clouds . 
 boiling black smoke poured towards heaven . 
 wara gaped at the tv , not able to believe that the sleek hotel she had passed hundreds of times was now this burning wreck . 
 noah 's parents had stayed there , but were scheduled to leave the night following the funeral . 
 wara felt sure they had n't stuck around a single minute longer than necessary . 
 on the news they said it was an explosion . 
 she cut her eyes over to alejo , whose lips had condensed into a grim , pale line . 
 the female announcer was back again , in a low-cut mauve suit coat and braided gold earrings that hung to her shoulders . 
 smoky eyeliner made her eyes pop from a flawlessly tan face with salmon-colored cheeks . 
 `` many of the hotel guests , '' she continued gravely , `` were able to escape the building through stairs at the back , and the hotel bar and restaurant seems to be the hardest hit . 
 while we will have to wait for a final count , there is sure to be a great number of lives lost in this tragedy . 
 initial estimates for the death toll are between sixty and seventy . '' 
 wara 's stomach clenched and she saw the silver fire again , spinning over her head as the bus hurdled down the ravine , taking noah with it . 
 she staggered to her feet , bumping the lunch tray and sending cool tea splashing over the rice . 
 i 've got to get out of here , she thought in a daze . 
 even the bus station was sounding preferable now than staying here and watching this . 
 the news reporter was receiving a note from an off-screen hand and continuing in all her mauve , low-cut glory . 
 she drew back and frowned at the small note , then raised dark eyes to the camera . 
 `` we are just receiving word that we have confirmation of the identities of two of the men who were killed in the hotel diplomat this afternoon . 
 their names will be released later , but we do know they are a deputy minister in israel 's ministry of defense and the israeli ambassador to the united states . '' 
 wara 's eyelids fluttered as alejo muttered under his breath . 
 he did not sound happy . 
 but the news story was n't over yet . 
 `` the israeli men had come to bolivia for negotiations with the government to reopen diplomatic relations . 
 bolivia and israel have had no diplomatic relations since 2008 , when president evo morales cut off relations over the actions of israel in the gaza strip during the 2008-2009 war . 
 israel has stated that the nature of the explosion at the hotel diplomat is believed to be consistent with that of a suicide bomber , '' the young news reporter faltered a moment , and then looked at the camera , puzzled , `` and that a team of experts from tel aviv will be sent to examine the remains of the scene , to arrive at their own conclusions about what happened here in this very tragic situation . '' 
 alejo 's face was drawn and severe . 
 he knew about this , did n't he ? 
 who else would do something like this ? 
 `` did you?did you do this ? '' 
 she stammered , eyes searching his even though she knew he could n't see her . 
 `` i know nothing about this , '' he stated each word slowly and clearly . 
 but it was obvious that something about the bombing had him upset . 
 wara lowered herself back onto her bed shakily . 
 she yanked the blanket over her head and curled up in the bed , trying to block out the sounds of the news reports about flames and death . 
 29 turquoise the bus station was packed , a writhing mass of bodies and battered suitcases . 
 wara filed outside through the appropriate gate , trying not to hyperventilate at the sight of the red double-decker bus she was supposed to board . 
 steady , she reminded herself . 
 this is n't the same bus . 
 this is your ticket to the martirs . 
 she climbed up the bus steps and easily found seat 22b , weak-kneed with relief that it was nowhere near where she and noah had sat on the bus from coroico . 
 wara smoothed her finger over noah 's ring , then leaned back into her seat and closed her eyes . 
 she had left alejo sitting morosely on the hospital bed . 
 he had refused to say anything else about the hotel diplomat , but the way his jaw was set announced that the news was n't good . 
 from somewhere inside wara 's pocket , her cell phone rang . 
 startled , she dug around and managed to pull out the small , cheap phone alejo had bought her at the hostal salta . 
 nazaret , calling to see what time i 'll be arriving , she assumed . 
 i 'm sure they 'll come to meet me . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 but it was n't wara 's friend 's voice that answered on the other end . 
 `` wara ? '' 
 the voice was male . 
 alejo ? 
 the only other person who has my number . 
 sigh . 
 `` wara ! 
 where are you ? '' 
 his voice sounded urgent . 
 her heart sank . 
 was something wrong ? 
 could `` they '' be after her again ? 
 `` i 'm in the bus . '' 
 she covered the mouthpiece of the phone with her hand . 
 `` we 're about to leave . '' 
 `` wara , i , uh ? . '' 
 alejo 's voice faltered , and for a second wara thought he might cry . 
 then he said what she never expected : `` i can see . 
 god made me see again . '' 
 wara nearly dropped the phone , astonished . 
 fumbling for words , she finally managed , `` you mean your vision came back ? 
 the doctor said it might . 
 that 's ? 
 great . '' 
 `` no , no it did n't just come back . 
 wara , god did this . '' 
 alejo 's voice was racing , and his sentences all ran together . 
 `` a woman , an old quechua woman , came here an hour ago , to pray for me . 
 she said she knows you , and you told her to pray for me . '' 
 `` do a filomena ! '' 
 heat spread down the base of wara 's neck . 
 `` yes ! 
 well she came to pray for me , in quechua . 
 and then i blinked , wara-just the blink of an eye . 
 i opened my eyes , and there in front of me was this wrinkled old quechua lady in a pollera , praying her heart out for me . 
 i could see it all ! 
 i could see her , the hospital room with the blue curtains -- i can see again , wara . '' 
 wara gawked at the cheap gray phone in disbelief . 
 she heard a loud bang beneath her as the baggage compartment door was slammed shut . 
 any minute now , the long bus would be pulling out of the station and wara would be headed to lima . 
 `` wow , '' she muttered , but alejo did n't even seem to hear her . 
 his voice was still shaking , and he was obviously elated . 
 `` the other day , when i woke up , i saw something , '' he said . 
 `` someone . 
 he told me that he was sending two people for us , and we should go with them . '' 
 yeah , i remember that . 
 i thought you were crazy . 
 `` he talked to me about you , too , wara . '' 
 alejo hesitated , surely knowing that his chances of convincing wara of this were very slim . 
 `` there 's something god 's going to show us . 
 please come back . '' 
 this was alejo martir talking . 
 she did n't really like him , and she did n't really trust him . 
 but he was claiming to have had a vision from god , that two people were coming to show alejo and wara something . 
 and he had a miraculous healing to back it up . 
 `` but i ca n't just?i need to go to lima . '' 
 the excuse sounded weak in wara 's ears . 
 `` we 'll go to lima . 
 or you can go without me , wara . '' 
 alejo was insistent . 
 `` just please come back here now . 
 go tomorrow . 
 please . '' 
 wara felt a quiver as the bus began to back up , inching its way out of its narrow parking slot , curving backwards . 
 a crazy urgency filled her chest and she stood up , nearly smashing her head on the ceiling . 
 god is calling for you . 
 god is there , with alejo . 
 he gave him back his sight . 
 and he wants you to go . 
 `` i 'm coming back , '' wara said into the phone , then closed it tightly . 
 she staggered down the aisle , ignoring the curious glances of the other seated passengers . 
 there was just one thought ransacking her brain the whole time , speeding her heart into overdrive . 
 who is coming ? 
 wara exited the silver elevator on alejo 's floor at univalle , tiptoeing across the polished tiles . 
 the nurses ' station was silent and empty ; a phone rang insistently on the desk , but no one ran to answer it . 
 she inhaled raggedly and pushed open the heavy wooden door to the room she had left just a few hours before . 
 wara immediately noticed that do a filomena was gone , but two strangers clustered around the hospital bed . 
 one was a tall , lanky guy with broad shoulders and a narrow waist , buzzed sandy brown hair , and a hooked nose . 
 at the other side of the bed stood an attractive lady , older than wara , with two short black braids and fair skin . 
 they were both dressed in cheap clothes and black rubber flip flops with a healthy coating of dry mud . 
 as wara drew up next to them , the woman was pulling off the last of alejo 's bloodied bandages . 
 his hazel eyes flickered towards her as she entered , and she immediately knew he could see her . 
 that crazy grin spread across his lips as he said , `` i can see you , wara . '' 
 she gaped back at him , still not quite believing this . 
 `` you can really see . 
 did you tell dr. ortega ? '' 
 `` well , i was about to , but then i got some more visitors . 
 i think it 's time for check out . '' 
 alejo 's eyes shone , and wara stared , speechless . 
 the two people who were making themselves at home in the room seemed as happy about alejo getting his sight back as he was . 
 the two just stood there , nodding and grinning as if there were nothing strange about a man getting his sight back by the power of god . 
 suddenly wara 's knees buckled . 
 there were two of them ? 
 `` there is n't much time . '' 
 the man with the wide shoulders and military haircut clapped alejo 's shoulder with slender fingers . 
 his eyes drooped slightly , but the corners of his mouth were lifted in a smile . 
 `` you must be wara . '' 
 wara nodded dumbly , still struck by the fact that there were two of them . 
 these were the messengers alejo had been told about ? 
 who were these people ? 
 `` we would like you and alejo to come with us , '' the strange man was addressing wara . 
 `` there 's someone who would like to talk with you . 
 alejo told me that both of you are believers in jesus ? 
 well then , rest easy . 
 the man who wants to see you is a believer as well , your brother . 
 but if you will come , we have to hurry . 
 there is n't much time . '' 
 the stout woman with the two braids turned towards wara , and she found herself looking into deep eyes the color of chocolate , rimmed at the edge with a touch of turquoise . 
 `` will you come with us ? '' 
 wara noted that her spanish was accented , as was the man 's . 
 something she could n't place . 
 instinctively , wara 's gaze flew to alejo . 
 it was because of him that she was standing here in the middle of this craziness . 
 he nodded at her and winked . 
 `` o-ok , '' she agreed in a daze . 
 `` i 'll go . '' 
 the two visitors grinned a little , and the woman motioned towards alejo . 
 `` quick , come see this ! '' 
 wara took a few steps forward and saw that she was pointing to the spot where alejo 's bandages had been , the wound from the bullet . 
 wara 's eyes popped to see that where alejo 's curls were shaved away there was only healthy , mocha-colored skin . 
 no trace of a scar . 
 `` is this the first time you 've seen a healing ? '' 
 the man asked , turning towards wara with that lazy half-smile . 
 she nodded mutely , and he nodded back at her kindly , as if to say , we all have to start somewhere . 
 `` alright , then . 
 time to change , '' the woman ordered , guiding wara forward with one hand on her back `` both of you , in the bathroom . 
 we paid about ten patients to keep the nurses busy , but we should hurry . '' 
 wara felt very hot , sure sweat was dripping down her backbone under her t-shirt . 
 into the bathroom ? 
 `` you , over here , '' ms. braids motioned wara towards one of the bathroom corners . 
 `` we 're going to get you into some clothes like ours , so we wo n't stand out on our little trip away from here . '' 
 glancing behind her , wara saw alejo pulling off his shirt to change in the opposite corner of the bathroom . 
 `` neither of you turn around , '' braids snickered at her . 
 `` face the wall . '' 
 wara obeyed . 
 at lightening speed , the short woman helped wara strip out of her old clothes and pull on faded sweat pants , a bulky , worn beige sweater , and black plastic sandals caked in mud . 
 with crisp efficiency , she then bundled wara 's hair on top of her head under a floppy-brimmed white hat with an attached black braid that tickled wara 's waist . 
 `` there you go , '' braids said . 
 `` no one will recognize you . '' 
 hands gripped wara 's shoulder and spun her around to face the men . 
 surreally , alejo was sporting a greasy baseball hat , ratty dress pants , and the ugliest homemade sweater wara had ever seen . 
 he did a double take , then blinked at her a couple times . 
 `` you look like mariana condori?she used to sell us fruit in the quillacollo market when i was a little kid , '' alejo said . 
 `` i used to have a crush on her . '' 
 `` i think it 's the braid . '' 
 wara bit her lip . 
 `` you look like a nice couple of working class folk , headed home after a long day at the market , '' the tall guy said . 
 he followed them out of the bathroom , stuffing their discarded clothing into his ripped plastic market bag on the way . 
 `` time to go . 
 grab anything you need . '' 
 wara did n't need anything . 
 she jogged after the rest of them , feeling the long fake braid slapping her back . 
 she followed the three others into the hallway , which was still eerily silent . 
 with each step , her cheap plastic sandals squished noisily across the tiles . 
 at the end of the hallway , a fat metal door blocked their path , secured with two golden padlocks . 
 `` keep your face turned to ten o'clock , '' said broad shoulders . 
 wara started , then noticed the security camera in the corner facing the door . 
 patients in bolivia were n't allowed to leave the hospital until the bill was paid in full , a process that could take a full afternoon of paperwork . 
 wara drew a deep breath and followed the others in approaching the door while facing the opposite corner , away from the camera . 
 out of the corner of her eye , wara saw braids extract something from her pocket . 
 she jammed it into the lock , wiggled , and the padlock released with a soft pop . 
 the other one yielded to her touch within another thirty seconds , and broad shoulders removed the two padlocks and slung them over a bar on the door . 
 `` and now we go out , '' he said , and wara followed him outside into the cool darkness of the andean night . 
 `` ok , take the stairs on your seats , '' braids instructed , and wara sat on the cold concrete steps , eyes wide , imitating the others as they scooted down three flights of stairs hidden from the front hospital patio by the concrete wall . 
 the murmur of conversation and screech of guard whistles rose around them . 
 wara pressed her lips together , really beginning to wonder why they were scuttling down a side stairway of univalle as if this were some sort of jailbreak . 
 `` stop , '' shoulders whispered , and wara froze in place next to alejo near the bottom stair . 
 he glanced at her in the darkness , and she saw a flash of red light reflect off his irises , then bounce on the concrete wall opposite the last stair . 
 a siren beeped , then hushed , and alejo 's eyes narrowed . 
 a police car ? 
 wara began wondering if she should be worried . 
 it could n't be here for us , right ? 
 `` they wo n't recognize the four of us together . '' 
 braids turned around , crouching on the stairs . 
 `` the police car is parked just around the corner . '' 
 she eyed wara firmly . 
 `` we 're just people who came here to visit sick uncle marco after a long day of work in the market . 
 we belong here . 
 on three , we all stand up and walk towards the street . 
 slowly . 
 one , two , three . '' 
 heart drumming in her chest , wara tried to rise quietly to her feet and follow alejo and the two , trying to imagine what someone might possibly be feeling who had n't just picked two padlocks and escaped from a bolivian hospital with two complete strangers . 
 they rounded to the front of the hospital and past two olive green police vehicles , red lights periodically flashing in the night . 
 no one tried to stop them as they passed through the hospital gate and onto the dimly lit street . 
 the two strangers broke pace next to dented white toyota corolla . 
 `` climb in , '' shoulders said . 
 `` you two newbies in the back . '' 
 wara slid in next to alejo , disturbed as she suddenly remembered that less than forty-eight hours ago alejo had been sprawled on the gray blanket , bleeding , in front of this very hospital . 
 it was very weird that he was now outside , leaving , in a car with total strangers . 
 `` so , you can see now , '' she eyed him nervously . 
 `` but are you sure you 're ok to leave the hospital ? '' 
 `` i 'm absolutely wonderful , '' alejo flashed that white smile that could only remind her of pastor martir . 
 `` god healed me-did you see ? 
 it 's as if i 'd never even been shot ! '' 
 wara had seen . 
 she leaned back into the gray vinyl seat , gripping the fraying edges as shoulders leaped into the driver 's seat and whipped away around the corner , braids riding shotgun . 
 are these real people , or could they actually be angels ? 
 wara 's thoughts were running wild as she stared at both of them in the front seat . 
 and where are they taking us ? 
 30 blond they ditched the white corolla at a gas station and continued on motorcycles , the mysterious strangers , wara , and a guy who an hour ago had been blind . 
 for thirty minutes they rode out of the city , then turned off the main road to follow a rugged path cut through a cornfield . 
 the motorcycles ' headlights cut through the heavy darkness of the cornfield under the stars . 
 just when wara was afraid she would n't be able to hang on to alejo 's back any longer , the wispy tendrils of chaff fell away quickly from their background against a slate blue sky . 
 they had arrived in a clearing , and in the pale moonlight wara could see a large , two-story house , built completely out of wood . 
 sometime along the way , the tall man with the hooked nose had introduced himself as tabor , and the woman as sandal . 
 tabor parked his motorcycle next to a giant eucalyptus tree near the house and he and sandal climbed off the bike in exact synchronization . 
 alejo pulled up next to them and turned the key , leaving the four of them in the shadows of the tree , in silence . 
 wara slid off the cycle first , hiding a wince at how her legs ached after having been bowed for so long . 
 alejo was still wearing that half-loony grin , ecstatic at being able to see again and having his vision come true . 
 he sobered a little at the sight of her pinched face , as if just now realizing she might possibly be scared half to death . 
 `` you 're brave , '' he said to her , startling her into a slight smile . 
 he waited for her , and the two of them walked side by side after sandal and tabor towards the looming house . 
 the rough , unvarnished door was made of a blond wood and had been left cracked open , as if expecting visitors . 
 wara shivered , staring at the house and the wood door . 
 `` come on . 
 i 'm sure he 's really anxious to meet you , '' sandal said , waiting for wara to walk past her through the door . 
 she met wara 's eyes with the hint of an encouraging smile . 
 the spacious room inside the house was a stark contrast to the blurry darkness outside . 
 this room was filled with light , blazing from a small chandelier formed from deer antlers . 
 in the far corner , several brown leather couches clustered under woven tapestries with the familiar designs of quechua children and snow-peaked mountains . 
 with a start , wara realized that there was a fifth person in the room , nearly camouflaged against a plain wooden wall to her left . 
 he was wearing brown slacks and a tan button-down shirt , with wool slippers . 
 he looked about sixty , a little paunchy , with balding brown hair and a bushy mustache . 
 ice blue eyes observed alejo keenly , then drifted over to wara . 
 `` welcome to my home . '' 
 the man 's voice was deep and calm . 
 there was no accent to the man 's spanish , despite his very un-bolivian appearance . 
 `` i am really very glad you came . '' 
 alejo remained standing close to wara , on a coral-colored rug in the center of the room . 
 `` hello , '' he said , hands loose at his side . 
 both men watched each other for a moment , sizing each other up . 
 then alejo asked , `` who are you ? '' 
 `` a very good question . '' 
 the older man 's cool blue eyes crinkled around the edges . 
 `` my name is rupert cole , and this is my home . 
 you have arrived at an ostrich farm . '' 
 mr. cole seemed to expect the surprised looks on their faces , and he chuckled . 
 `` if you decide to stay awhile , in the morning i could give you a tour . 
 but for now , my job is to make sure you are n't spooked and run away . 
 you already met sandal and tabor . '' 
 mr. cole looked over towards the door , but the two who had come to the hospital were already gone . 
 `` oh , they 'll be back , '' mr. cole assured wara in a tone that told her he had read her mind as she wondered if they had been angels and disappeared into thin air . 
 `` i 'm sure they just went to change out of those clothes . 
 i do n't have your names , '' mr. cole told them quietly . 
 `` i 'm alejo . '' 
 alejo held out his hand as mr. cole reached forward to shake it firmly . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to meet you , mr. cole . '' 
 `` please call me rupert . '' 
 rupert 's eyes crinkled slightly again . 
 `` my father was mr. cole . '' 
 rupert 's gaze fell on wara , and she slowly pulled the hat and fake braid off her head , leaving her own hair falling in disarray around her shoulders . 
 `` i 'm wara cadogan , '' she told him smally , shaking one thick , rough hand with her own . 
 rupert motioned them towards the brown leather couches . 
 `` please do n't run away just yet . 
 the reason you 're here is because i have a job offer for you , which i 'll tell you about when you 're ready . 
 but for now , i really want to help you , however i can . 
 i know things are a little up in the air right now , to say the least . 
 i work for an organization that can help . '' 
 wara followed alejo in taking a seat on the couch , across from rupert cole . 
 alejo regarded the older man calmly , face giving nothing away . 
 `` how do you know about us ? '' 
 he asked . 
 rupert 's cool blue eyes flashed . 
 `` i had a dream about you , alejo . 
 now before you laugh , it 's not like this happens all the time . 
 this is only the third time god showed me something in a dream . '' 
 another dream ? 
 wara crossed her arms and leaned back into the cool leather of the couch , feeling a little out of her element . 
 alejo did not appear at all fazed . 
 after all , he had known they would be coming here . 
 with tabor and sandal . 
 rupert was continuing . 
 `` so , what i saw was a man with a gun against his forehead . 
 the gun fired . 
 i assume that was you ? '' 
 alejo nodded a little uncomfortably , probably remembering the scene at pairumani . 
 `` and yet here you are , '' rupert waved one burly forearm , `` at my house , safe and sound . 
 i saw you being carried into the hospital , and a girl with dark hair and a star over her head was standing near the door , crying . 
 i saw the sign on the hospital : univalle . 
 it was as clear as day . 
 i was about to follow you inside , alejo , when a man grabbed my arm and said , ` they will look for him because of what happened to the bus . ' 
 now in my dream , i understood exactly what he was talking about : the death road bus accident . 
 which may not have been an accident . 
 am i right ? '' 
 rupert 's calm gaze searched alejo 's face , which had grown very serious . 
 `` it was n't an accident , '' alejo admitted in a low voice . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 `` my brother robert cole works at the embassy , and took a call from a man who talked about that bus , and told him the american girl was still alive and with him . 
 in my dream i saw her with a star . 
 and here you are . '' 
 rupert nodded at wara . 
 `` wara . 
 aymara for star . '' 
 `` listen , '' he sighed and continued lowly , `` the truth is , the both of you are in a heap of trouble , and i believe i 'm supposed to help you . 
 from the little i know , you , '' he jerked a thumb in alejo 's direction , `` are in a lot of trouble . 
 you 've broken bolivian law and , i assume , have people from your organization after you . 
 and you , '' rupert looked at wara steadily but kindly , `` are in trouble because you know things you should n't know and have seen things that no civilian who was just riding a bus should have to see . 
 neither of you can just go back into your old lives , just show up in society as you were . 
 i think you both understand that . '' 
 wara felt hot tears prick her eyes . 
 rupert heaved a sigh and then said , `` there 's a reason i sent tabor and sandal to get you out of that hospital so quickly after my dream . 
 i was relieved to see your faces here in my living room , because i wondered if i would get to you in time . 
 come with me , both of you ; there 's something i have to show you . '' 
 alejo and wara wordlessly padded after rupert cole across the hardwood floor and through a darkened doorway . 
 the older man flipped on a light , revealing an office with blond wood walls and multiple low bookcases painted a very ugly burnt orange . 
 a tiny black computer desk sat under a picture window that really needed washing . 
 rupert plopped down on a chair in front of the extra-wide flat screen . 
 `` have a seat there , '' he told them quietly , motioning to two comfortable-looking plaid swivel chairs a few paces behind him . 
 they obeyed , and wara watched as rupert pressed his thumb against the blank computer screen and said a few numbers out loud . 
 immediately , the computer whirled and came to life , showing a background with a gray generic windows drawing and two small rows of icons . 
 sandal and tabor were back , having changed out of the tattered clothes from the hospital . 
 they waited in silence at the back of the office , arms crossed in front of their chests . 
 `` i apologize in advance , in case this is upsetting . '' 
 wara assumed rupert was talking to her . 
 `` i know about this video from my brother who works at the american embassy , robert . 
 it was posted on youtube , but of course has already been taken down . 
 but the embassy has a copy , i have a copy?who knows who else has this . '' 
 rupert scooted his chair to one side , glanced back at alejo with very serious eyes , and then the pixels of color on the wide computer screen came together in the image of a young guy with a reddish goatee wearing black against a background of a large black , white , and green stripe with a red triangle . 
 the flag of palestine , was the first thing wara thought as she frowned at the large flag . 
 then her blood ran cold as it registered that the lanky , blond guy standing there was wearing a long-sleeve black shirt underneath a layer of explosives and wires encasing his chest . 
 a suicide bomber . 
 the young man stood in front of the flag in a black woolen sailor 's cap , wearing the explosive vest in a very matter-of-fact fashion . 
 instead of brandishing a long machine gun , as was the typical image wara had seen of suicide bombers , he was gripping a violin over one shoulder , standing still for the camera . 
 wara started when she heard alejo fly out of his chair , biting back a loud curse . 
 his face was contorted , and he kicked at the swivel chair with one violent motion , clenching his fist . 
 `` gabriel , you idiot ! 
 do n't do this to me ! '' 
 heart spiraling down to her toes , wara turned back to the man on the screen and realized that it was the same pale gabriel who had left her at the hospital . 
 she gripped the armrests of her chair tighter . 
 gabriel was repeating a prayer or verse from the quran in arabic . 
 when he finished , he looked into the camera almost curiously and said , `` first i would like to send a message to my parents . 
 dad , you were wonderful , and i thank you for your example . 
 you were always a faithful believer . 
 mom , i pray that allah will grant you the grace to continue to be a faithful believer despite all the trials . 
 please do n't be angry at me for this . 
 you know that allah will reward me with paradise , and i will be there , waiting for both of you . 
 mom , i will especially be waiting for your good cooking . '' 
 at this point , gabriel 's lips twisted into a wry smile , and his green eyes searched the camera . 
 `` i do this as my jihad against the cause of injustice , against those who maim and kill god 's people in palestine and around the world . '' 
 gabriel looked at his violin a moment , reflectively , and then continued , `` i am not a tough warrior or a soldier . 
 but with this my weapon , my talent that allah has given me , i fight for his cause in the world and thus win his favor for paradise . '' 
 gabriel quoted a verse from the quran , in spanish : `` allah has bought from the believers their lives and their money in exchange for paradise . 
 thus , they fight in the cause of allah , willing to kill and get killed . 
 such is his truthful pledge in the torah , the gospel , and the quran - and who fulfills his pledge better than allah ? 
 you shall rejoice in making such an exchange . 
 this is the greatest triumph . '' 
 `` no , no , no ! '' 
 alejo was back in his chair , leaning forward , pleading . 
 he slammed one fist into his knee . 
 `` gabo , do n't do this ! '' 
 but of course everyone realized that he already had . 
 `` i have always been a faithful muslim , '' gabriel 's eyes bored into theirs from the screen , `` except for a few indiscretions where i allowed my heart to get ahead of my faithful service to allah . 
 for that , i offer my life now in jihad , against the injustices of the world and against the unrighteousness in my own heart . 
 i pray allah will purify me by fire and accept me into paradise . '' 
 wara struggled to inflate her frozen lungs . 
 had gabriel thought he disobeyed god by letting her and alejo go ? 
 `` i know that certain people will be very ticked off that i did this . '' 
 gabriel 's mouth twisted wryly again , and he lowered the violin to his side . 
 `` but please know that i really cared about you all , all of my friends , and am thankful to have enjoyed so many good memories together . 
 i 'll miss the brownies , the trips , all our conversations over coffee . 
 but then again , i may not miss them at all . 
 i think that in paradise all those things will fade into memory , because i 'm sure that life there is pretty good . '' 
 gabriel lowered his lashes , then looked up and started to walk towards the camera . 
 `` this was a very strange video of this type , i know . 
 i have always been a very quirky guy . 
 i 'll be waiting for all you guys , so please do n't disappoint me , ok ? '' 
 he disappeared to the side of the screen , leaving for one moment the view of the huge palestinian flag , hanging in silence . 
 then the video was cut , and the only thing visible was an advertisement from youtube . 
 alejo was bowed over onto his knees , sobbing . 
 wara was stunned to see stern alejo sitting there , crying like a baby . 
 rupert obviously had expected his . 
 `` i thought that you might know him , '' he said in a gravelly voice . 
 `` of course , this is what happened to the hotel diplomat this afternoon . 
 i also have a video taken from a camera phone found in the rubble , of the actual detonation , which you will not be allowed to see . '' 
 wara sucked in a deep breath , fighting nausea . 
 `` the embassy was n't really investigating anything after the phone call you made , not yet . 
 but with these videos , the investigation starts for real . 
 the u.s. , bolivia , and israel will be combing every corner to find out who the man in the video is , and who is connected to him . '' 
 it could have been wara 's imagination , but rupert 's blue eyes seemed a little misty and his face wore the look of a man who had lost many comrades in his day . 
 `` i -- i think i need to go to lay down , '' wara stammered , standing up shakily and facing sandal . 
 `` can?is there a room here where i can sleep ? '' 
 `` of course , '' sandal understood perfectly . 
 `` i 'll take you to your room . 
 we will all be here tomorrow . '' 
 feeling faint , wara left the office and the sound of alejo 's tears . 
 31 plaid alejo woke the next morning with a cool breeze rustling the gauze curtains and caressing his face . 
 he was lying on his stomach on a single bed with thick wool blankets in a room with walls that smelled of cedar . 
 his limbs felt like lead and his heart torn to pieces , but he forced himself to sit up on the edge of the bed and breathe . 
 the man wara loved was dead , thanks to alejo gabriel had blown himself to pieces in jihad , trying to make allah love him . 
 alejo still remembered the scoffing tone of his friend 's voice in the delivery truck when alejo told him his decision about jesus : `` the quran tells us everything we need to please god . 
 and i 've been doing it all . 
 we are the best of the best , che . 
 why would we need some person to take away our sins ? 
 we are serving allah every day . 
 we 're not unbelievers who do n't follow his laws . 
 he 's got to accept me . '' 
 what better way to earn allah 's favor than as a suicide bomber , making the ultimate sacrifice to do allah 's will ? 
 except man ca n't earn god 's favor . 
 alejo resisted the urge to sink back down onto the bed , depressed . 
 only the savior of the world can atone for the sins of men . 
 everyone is dead , alejo thought . 
 my life is a mess . 
 god , i ca n't think about anything but wara 's tortured eyes as she misses noah , or gabriel , shouting allah akbar and pulling the detonation cord . 
 alejo groaned and leaned forward onto his knees . 
 last night , after alejo had composed himself , rupert told him that , from the camera phone video , it was clear that gabriel had entered the restaurant in a tuxedo , apparently hired to play the violin in the restaurant of the hotel diplomat during lunch . 
 he had simply walked over to the table of the two israeli diplomats while playing a violin piece and detonated the explosives . 
 the early estimates were in favor of a death toll of over seventy . 
 i have to do something , or i 'm going to go crazy in here . 
 alejo stood up suddenly . 
 tabor was about his size and had left him a mound of clean clothes on top of a cedar chest in the corner . 
 alejo got dressed and padded out of his room on bare feet , towards the bathroom on the first floor where he and wara had been given rooms . 
 leaving the bathroom , alejo could hear the soft clink of silverware coming from the kitchen , around the corner from the end of the hall . 
 he found rupert cole , along with tabor and sandal , breakfasting on pancakes and coffee . 
 rupert was lounging in a worn , khaki bathrobe with the same woolly slippers on his feet . 
 sandal was wearing a tight red sweat suit that no one over twenty-five should be caught dead in , covered in jewels and large silver letters . 
 her jet black hair was tied back in a messy ponytail , dark circles under her eyes . 
 she slowly nursed a chipped mug of black coffee , eyes flitting to alejo with a bare acknowledgement of his entrance . 
 alejo immediately pegged her as not a morning person . 
 tabor wore running gear and seemed chipper and alert . 
 he nodded at alejo and gulped the last of something that looked like a protein energy shake . 
 `` ru really wants you to stay , '' tabor said , languid eyes twinkling . 
 `` he made you pancakes . 
 the guy is a great cook . '' 
 alejo slid into a chair across the table from tabor , where an empty place setting seemed to be waiting . 
 he assumed that tabor and sandal must be some kind of agents in the organization rupert worked with , the `` job offer '' he had mentioned last night . 
 if he had to guess , he would say sandal was from iran or iraq , and tabor from israel . 
 rupert ducked into the kitchen and reappeared with a glass carafe of french press coffee , which he emptied into alejo 's mug . 
 `` good morning . 
 i assume you like strong coffee , '' he said in an even tone , then placed a platter covered with tinfoil in front of alejo . 
 `` the ones with nuts are banana mango . 
 then there are the german chocolate ones , too . 
 honey and butter are right there . '' 
 `` wow . 
 thanks . '' 
 alejo looked up at him and offered a tight smile . 
 he was actually glad that rupert was holding off on the job offer until after breakfast , because alejo felt like dirt . 
 `` i 'm impressed . 
 is wara up yet ? '' 
 `` no , she 's still sleeping , '' sandal croaked , looking up groggily from her coffee , `` which i would still be if certain people had n't insisted i go running with them . '' 
 tabor scoffed . 
 `` i do n't know why you did n't just stay in bed . 
 you only ran like a hundred meters with me , anyway . '' 
 `` you know i do n't do mornings . '' 
 sandal glared at him , then forked a bite of pancake rather violently . 
 she speared alejo with her bleary gaze , about to speak when rupert dumped two pancakes on alejo 's plate and clapped him on the shoulder . 
 `` you need to eat , '' he said calmly , but the tone left no doubt it was an order . 
 alejo reluctantly forced himself to eat and gulp down coffee . 
 when he had emptied his plate , rupert scraped his chair back and said , `` come walk outside with me . '' 
 glancing towards the hall and still seeing no sign of wara , alejo nodded curtly . 
 `` let me get some shoes . '' 
 `` i suppose i should change out of my bathrobe , '' rupert sighed , glancing down at his plaid pajama pants , fuzzy robe , and slippers . 
 he shuffled up the winding wood staircase , where alejo assumed her slept . 
 by the time alejo had retrieved his sandals and washed up a little , rupert was waiting outside the door on a narrow stone path that cut through the grass of his lawn . 
 beyond the lawn , a dusty area began where rings of tall barbed wire fences circled ostrich pens . 
 `` this is where you live ? '' 
 alejo shoved hands in his pockets as the two of them fell in step on a slow walk around the lawn . 
 `` this is my home , yes , '' rupert said thoughtfully . 
 `` i 'm gone of course , often , for my work . '' 
 `` your brother works at the embassy . 
 and you live here , in the bolivian countryside , and have an ostrich farm . 
 why would a gringo want to live all the way out here ? '' 
 rupert scoffed and raised one eyebrow . 
 `` do n't let my pale face fool you . 
 my parents were american , but i never applied for my american citizenship after the age of eighteen . '' 
 `` where did you grow up then ? '' 
 rupert grinned and raised one fuzzy eyebrow at alejo . 
 `` would you be at all shocked if i told you my parents were missionaries in morocco ? 
 the man you are looking at is one hundred percent moroccan , heart and soul . '' 
 alejo looked over at him and whistled . 
 `` wow . 
 a missionary kid . 
 morocco . 
 it 's a very nice country . 
 so , would you be at all shocked if i told you i 'm a pastor 's son ? '' 
 rupert 's calm eyes did , indeed , widen . 
 he recovered quickly and cleared his throat . 
 `` uh , yes , actually , i would ! '' 
 a grin spread across his face . 
 `` we make a fine pair , hmm ? '' 
 `` yeah , well you at least have been following the path of your parents . 
 the example my parents gave me when i was young was not one i wanted to follow . '' 
 there was a long pause , and then rupert said , `` i have n't always been on the straight and narrow path , walking in the light . 
 i 'm sure you would n't be shocked if i told you i used to be cia . 
 i worked at the top levels for ten years , with the cia for a total of twenty-five years . 
 i was mean , ornery , and i would do anything to get the job done . 
 by the time i was fifty i was on my third wife . '' 
 alejo pressed his lips together , staring straight ahead . 
 `` ten years ago , the lord found me and called me into his kingdom -- just like that , from right in the middle of the places of power of the kingdom of this world . 
 i became his disciple-and everything changed . 
 i had a new boss , and i could no longer do whatever the powers-that-be above me ordered me to do , when it was against the orders of jesus . 
 you know what i mean ? '' 
 alejo nodded , seriously . 
 `` well , alejo , i realized i could n't continue in the cia and follow jesus . 
 when i emptied out my retirement account to give to the poor , my third wife , ellie , left me . 
 so now , here i am , alone and with all the time in the world to do what the lord brings my way . 
 for now , it is this organization . '' 
 rupert 's voice drawled lazily , but his tone was intense . 
 they had reached the far corner of the property now , and rupert led them into a small grape arbor . 
 he lowered himself with a grunt onto the grass under the tangled mass of vines , and alejo followed him , sitting cross-legged on the cool ground . 
 he now knew about rupert 's past : missionary kid from morocco , cia , three failed marriages . 
 what he did n't know was what was going on now , in the present . 
 what am i doing here ? 
 `` i guess you brought me here for the recruitment speech , '' he said , measuring rupert with his eyes . 
 rupert smiled lazily . 
 `` i guess i did . 
 like i said , i want to help you . 
 but the fact you were recommended to me in a dream makes me think god brought you here for the recruitment speech . '' 
 alejo scrunched up his face , surprised by the thought . 
 `` we 're called ci , '' rupert told him . 
 `` short for cole , inc , the shipping company here in morocco my grandfather owned and gave to me . 
 we 've transformed the company into something a little different . 
 the agents who work with us are called lukes . 
 there 's a verse in the bible we believe in , and it says , ` the spirit of the lord is upon me , because he has anointed me to preach good news to the poor , to bring liberty to the captives . ' 
 we believe in that , bringing god 's kingdom to earth . '' 
 so rupert wants me to work with him and become a luke . 
 `` most of us in ci may not have come by our special skills in the best of ways , '' rupert continued explaining . 
 `` but now that we belong to jesus we want to use our talents to obey him , not give power and riches to the kingdoms of this world . 
 we work to save those who are in prison or in danger for their belief in jesus or their defense of human rights . '' 
 alejo 's temple throbbed and he felt himself grimacing . 
 of course , this was what he wanted to do . 
 when he worked with the prism , had n't it been to bring justice to the world , to help those in need ? 
 he could do this , work with rupert in ci . 
 but now ? 
 now alejo barely even knew who he was . 
 so much had changed . 
 `` i 'm ? 
 really messed up , rupert . 
 what you 're saying is all i want to do . 
 but i need help . '' 
 `` i know , '' rupert said simply . 
 `` these are hard times . 
 what would you say if we prayed , right now ? '' 
 alejo blinked . 
 `` ok . '' 
 when rupert had finished praying , alejo felt too weak to get up just yet . 
 `` i just need some time ? '' 
 he started to say hoarsely , but rupert was already heading out of the vineyard . 
 `` take a half-hour , '' he said , eyes sparkling . 
 `` then i 'll be back . 
 we have plenty of time to discuss details about ci later . 
 there is one thing we have to talk about now , though . 
 it 's going to be good , son . '' 
 alejo could n't be sure , but he could have sworn that , just before rupert turned to go , he had winked . 
 the half hour alone under the grape leaves was intense , and alejo prayed and thought , trying to get his bearings . 
 he felt so relieved , being forgiven by jesus . 
 but there were so many things that were still messed up , other people he had hurt . 
 right now , i 'm thinking mainly of wara and my family . 
 an image of noah hearst 's very pale , grieving parents flashed through his mind and he sighed . 
 there did n't seem to be much he could ever do to make it right with them . 
 alejo closed his eyes , listening to the sound of songbirds in the fruit trees outside the grape arbor . 
 fallen grapes fermenting in the sun gave off the essence of sweet red wine . 
 rays of sunlight filtered through the leaves and warmed his face . 
 i can see . 
 it amazed him again , and he remembered the despair he had felt in univalle , when he woke up and realized everything was black . 
 alejo thought about the cool steel of the khan 's gun against his temple , the hurt of betrayed love in the pashto man 's red eyes as he stared alejo down . 
 he could n't remember the actual shot , but he was sure it should have been lethal . 
 god had let him live , and brought him here , to this place , to another follower of jesus who seemed to understand everything he was going through . 
 a dry crunching sounded outside the canopy of grape leaves ; the hanging greenery parted , and rupert ducked inside , downing something from an ancient olive-green thermos with golden paisleys . 
 another red plaid thermos was in his other hand , which he held out towards alejo . 
 `` coffee , '' he said briefly , taking another swig . 
 `` you might as well know , i 'm an addict . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 alejo unscrewed the lid of the thermos and took a drink of the bitter liquid . 
 rupert really did make strong coffee . 
 another perk of working with him -- along with the fact that he had dreams of the future and seemed to hear directly from god . 
 rupert downed more coffee , then stiffly sat down in the grass at a comfortable distance from alejo . 
 `` ah , what are we doing here hiding out under the leaves and sitting in the muck like kindergartners ? '' 
 alejo grinned . 
 `` i have a slew of chairs over on the porch . 
 but it is kind of nice in here , is n't it ? 
 all shady ? '' 
 rupert settled in a little , then faced alejo squarely . 
 `` the time is coming to ask all your questions , but i want you to work with me . 
 if you accept , i would like to propose a time of discipleship here , at the farm . 
 what that means is learning to follow jesus , to be a disciple . 
 we would spend three months together , along with the other guys who come in and out of here , and i 'd teach you everything i 've learned over the years . 
 do you think i would drive you batty ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 alejo paused . 
 `` but i need it . 
 i 'm kind of starting from scratch . 
 even if you find out later i do n't meet your requirements to work in ci , i think i really need to stay here . 
 since you 're offering . '' 
 he felt his mouth tip into a lopsided smile . 
 rupert seemed pleased . 
 `` i 'm offering . 
 after the three months , you would go on an exploratory trip with some of my lukes , to open your eyes a little to what we do and help you decide if you want to join . 
 i want you to know , too , that we can help your family . 
 i 'll tell you about that later , some very nice options of places they can settle . 
 i would love to meet them . 
 but , about wara ? '' 
 `` i really messed her life up , too , '' alejo muttered . 
 his relief was intense at the idea of someone helping him resettle his family and wara somewhere safe . 
 `` can you get a new id and passport for her , too ? 
 we could ask her where she 'd like to live , maybe close to my family ? '' 
 `` you saved her life . '' 
 rupert held up his hand to stop alejo . 
 `` and , sending her to live with your family is n't what i wanted to talk to you about . 
 last night in my office , you mentioned her a lot . 
 you talked about how she has great linguistic skills , makes even-keeled decisions under pressure , and has good tactical decisions -- for a civilian , you understand . 
 so , son , i was thinking that wara should also stay here with us . 
 we need more female lukes , and with her coloring she would be able to pass as native in many places that a lot of the other women ca n't . 
 wara could work with us , '' rupert repeated , `` and you can help train her . '' 
 alejo felt his jaw drop . 
 `` umm , i do n't ? 
 i do n't ? 
 sir . '' 
 he paused , trying to think of something rational to say . 
 `` she does n't know anything about?all this kind of life . '' 
 `` neither did you , when you started , '' rupert shrugged , taking a large swallow of coffee . 
 `` she can learn . 
 listen , son . 
 when we prayed today , we talked about god 's forgiveness . 
 what i wanted to talk with you about now is the issue of forgiveness from others who you have offended . 
 wara is a woman who has been hurt . 
 because of you . 
 unintentionally , but i still believe that god would have you make it right . '' 
 this was a totally unexpected turn of events . 
 he had envisioned his new connection with rupert helping his family and wara to a safe location , to happily start their lives over . 
 not wara in close proximity to him , who she did n't care for at all . 
 besides , being close to him was dangerous . 
 `` alejo , i have a sort of penance for you , '' rupert continued explaining to a dumbfounded alejo . 
 `` not to be forgiven by god , but to make things right and restore what you have destroyed . 
 because of what happened , wara 's safety , work , and the man she loved were taken away . 
 if wara joins ci , you can protect her and watch out for her . 
 you can help her use her talents for the kingdom , by sharing what you know so she can work with us . 
 and you can try to give back what you took away : the man that she loved . '' 
 now alejo truly gaped . 
 what ? 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` i 'm assigning you to love wara , and be the man that she loves in return . 
 i want you to take noah 's place . '' 
 alejo cringed . 
 he swallowed against a throat that was dry like sandpaper , then sputtered . 
 `` uh , that is a very bad idea . 
 wara ca n't stand the sight of me . 
 i 'm the man who blew up her bus and killed noah . '' 
 alejo felt sure that rupert would see the craziness of what he had just suggested . 
 `` yes , you did tell me about that , '' rupert remarked calmly , seemingly unfazed . 
 `` this is what i propose . 
 it 's pretty simple . 
 i think we should explain all this to wara-about ci , the exploratory trip , and see if she accepts . 
 if she feels called to join and agrees to go on the trip , then it 'll be all settled . 
 you will do what i say , train her , and be the man she loves . '' 
 alejo had to really work to compose himself enough to speak . 
 `` sir , i would like her to work with you , because i think she would be good at it , and i know she can learn . 
 i 'd feel a lot better knowing i could keep an eye on her . 
 but i 'm 100 % sure she would never accept , not if she knows i 'm here . 
 and would be her trainer ! '' 
 alejo could just see the look on her face now : repulsion at the idea . 
 `` it 's never going to happen , '' he repeated . 
 why could rupert not see this ? 
 `` she might accept being a luke , but she would never love ? . 
 me . '' 
 rupert waved one hairy hand at him . 
 `` it 's really not that complicated , alejo , '' he continued slowly , as if explaining something to a small , particularly dull child . 
 `` who was noah to wara ? 
 he was a man who loved the lord . 
 he was her best friend . 
 he loved her unconditionally . 
 you can do all this . '' 
 alejo 's mouth opened , then snapped shut . 
 he unscrewed the lid to his thermos with a vengeance and took a long gulp of hot , strong coffee . 
 `` besides , '' rupert was pressing on , `` i 've spent quite a few years in my day around guys like you . 
 i can read you pretty well , even if no one else can . 
 i know you 're interested . 
 in her . '' 
 coffee spewed from alejo 's lips onto his muddy knees as he nearly choked . 
 `` i think you 're already a little attracted to her . 
 c'mon , i 'm not asking you to crawl on your hands and knees from here to the vatican with a belt of nails around your waist , or live for a year on locusts and honey . 
 just a little penance , a little making things right . 
 you 'll be fine . '' 
 rupert heaved himself up from the ground with a loud crack , clumps of dirt clinging to his worn jeans . 
 alejo was still stunned , and he wiped coffee from his chin with one sleeve , watching rupert warily . 
 `` we should tell her tonight , at the latest , '' rupert said , walking towards the edge of the arbor . 
 apparently noticing alejo draw back like a deer in the headlights , rupert turned around and crossed his arms , annoyed . 
 `` i did n't mean we should tell her tonight that you 're proposing marriage ! 
 jeepers ! 
 for that , i 'm giving you some time . 
 all i meant was that we should talk with her about ci and see what she says . '' 
 alejo got up from the muddy grass , rather shakily . 
 `` you said that wara was in the dream you had , did n't you ? '' 
 he asked , feeling a headache coming on . 
 `` she was . '' 
 rupert seemed much too delighted . 
 `` god sent her to me , too , and i think we are just beginning to discover the reason . '' 
 with another wink , rupert disappeared into the yard , leaving alejo alone , standing in the arbor . 
 with a deep groan , alejo shoved his hands in his pockets and began walking towards the house . 
 32 white on wara 's fifth day at the ostrich farm , she allowed herself to admit that rupert 's pancakes really were delicious . 
 that morning , he had cooked up one pile with fresh raspberries and cream , and the other with bittersweet chocolate and dulce de leche . 
 the day before it had been orange butterscotch and strawberries with a wine sauce . 
 wara still could n't remember what she had had for breakfast the first morning she had come here ; it was all still a blur . 
 the night had been filled with violent dreams about noah and gabriel , and wara had woken up late , without the strength to talk to anyone . 
 on day number two , at night , rupert had sat down , with a very silent alejo , and presented the crazy plan in which she , a flabby linguist from montana , would become part of the organization rupert worked with , called ci . 
 she truly could n't imagine she would be any use ; she did n't know anything about all this spy-style business . 
 but it seemed obvious that god wanted her here , and honestly , she did n't have the strength at the moment to spend hours analyzing why . 
 day number four was the day she had sat in rupert 's office and told him she would go on a trip to learn more about ci . 
 when she informed rupert that the answer was yes , she had been sitting in one of the plaid swivel chairs in rupert 's office , trying not to look at the blank computer screen where she had seen gabriel 's suicide video . 
 rupert stood behind alejo 's swivel chair , and his teeth flashed in a grin under his bushy mustache as he punched alejo in the shoulder . 
 `` so it begins ! '' 
 he crowed , obviously quite pleased . 
 `` there you go , che . '' 
 alejo smiled weakly at rupert 's words . 
 rupert walked over to wara and clasped her hand , shaking it warmly . 
 `` i swear i will take care of you like my own daughter . 
 of course , you can still change your mind after your exploratory trip , but if you 're who i see when i look at you , i know you wo n't . '' 
 now it was wara 's seventh day at rupert 's little ostrich farm , and tomorrow she would be leaving to fly to lima . 
 she would spend a few days with the martirs , then fly home to bozeman to spend three months with her family . 
 alejo would go to see his family after wara left them , and help them get settled in a new location that he and rupert had worked out . 
 then alejo would come back here to the ostrich farm to stay for the time until their exploratory trip . 
 i need time to heal , wara thought as she leaned back into one of rupert 's chocolate leather sofas and stretched her bare feet out on the coffee table . 
 her laptop was open next to her on the couch and she was alone in the living room , listening to the sound of noah 's voice . 
 until a few days ago , she had n't remembered that her laptop contained two albums of music noah and eduardo sejas had recorded in cochabamba at a studio . 
 maybe it was n't professional quality , but to wara noah 's voice was beautiful . 
 a door scraped across the wood of rupert 's living room and she saw the older man and alejo standing in the office . 
 `` wara , dear , could you come in here for a minute ? '' 
 rupert was grinning , as if he and alejo were in the middle of a joke . 
 alejo , however , had the pained grimace of a man who had just escaped the dentist after a root canal . 
 what plots had they been hatching in rupert 's office ? 
 wara reluctantly muted noah mid-song and slid her bare feet to the floor . 
 she headed towards the office , where rupert motioned towards a swivel chair . 
 `` we 've already covered a few things for your upcoming trip , '' he addressed both of them . 
 `` and the rest we 'll talk about later , after you 've had more time . 
 wara 's flight 's leaving tomorrow , though , so it 's about time to put the finishing touches on her passport . 
 of course i have to make your docs with different names , since you 're both supposed to be dead . 
 now , '' rupert fought off a yawn and leaned into the swivel chair with a heavy squeak , `` i 've got you down as paulo . '' 
 he fixed his eyes on alejo , who grimly nodded . 
 `` paul , the man who , like you , was healed from blindness by god . 
 now what about you , wara cadogan ? 
 are you ready to change names ? '' 
 she had known rupert was going to ask her this ; he had warned her at breakfast this morning . 
 after pancakes , she had taken a walk and thought : if alejo is paul , then i am peter . 
 once again she had seen noah beside her on the bus , holding her hand with eyes full of grace and saying those words : you 're back . 
 at the seaside , after jesus rose again , he brought peter back . 
 peter swore with a curse he did n't know jesus and jesus forgave him . 
 jesus brought him back . 
 unfortunately , peter was not a good name for women . 
 thankfully , wara knew quite a few languages . 
 `` i 'm thinking about?petra , '' she said carefully , trying out the sound of the name on her lips . 
 `` you know , greek for ` rock ' . '' 
 rupert 's eyes glowed . 
 `` it 's good , '' he said simply . 
 `` i love it . '' 
 the living room was dim as they left rupert 's office , closing the door on him as he powered up his spy computer to make some skype calls . 
 a single , white porcelain lamp with a scuffed shade was shining from the corner next to the sofas . 
 tabor and sandal were nowhere in sight . 
 preferring to say goodnight here rather than in the pitch black hallway on the way to their rooms , wara turned towards alejo , the words on her tongue . 
 but alejo was gone . 
 then she noticed him crouching on the floor in front of her , head bowed towards the floor . 
 he was crying . 
 `` wara , '' he said gruffly , `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 he did n't remove his gaze from the floor and his hands shook . 
 `` i can never pay you for what i did to you . 
 please , forgive me . '' 
 wara took an unsteady step back and swallowed hard . 
 alejo was asking her to forgive him . 
 i 'm petra now . 
 i 'm here because he forgave my huge debt . 
 and now it 's time for me to follow in his footsteps . 
 the words formed very slowly in her brain . 
 `` alejo , it 's ok , '' she said , then slid down to the warm wood floor in front of him . 
 `` it 's all taken care of . '' 
 starting visibly , alejo lifted his head and peered at her with reddened hazel eyes . 
 `` but i ca n't ? '' 
 `` i know . 
 i accept that you ca n't pay . 
 i forgive you . '' 
 he let his head roll back towards the ceiling , then faced her again . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he lowered himself down to sit cross-legged as she was , not even bothering to swipe away the raw tears matting his eyelashes . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she struggled to know what else to say to him . 
 it was one thing to forgive him . 
 trusting him was quite another . 
 but what good is forgiveness if it 's only words ? 
 one day at a time . 
 and it had to start somewhere . 
 there was something she still had n't said to him , and it was important . 
 `` thank you , '' she told him honestly , searching his face . 
 `` you saved my life . 
 you gave up a lot to save me . 
 thank you . '' 
 alejo blinked , then his face found a hint of the famous martir grin he shared with his father . 
 they sat there staring at each other for a few minutes , letting the moment sink in . 
 then alejo broke the silence , voice thick with relief . 
 `` so , we 'll meet in three months , then . 
 you 're going to see your parents ? '' 
 wara paused to consider , then decided to blaze forward . 
 `` yeah . 
 maybe you can call sometime , just , you know , to make sure that none of the bad guys have hauled me away . '' 
 she pressed her lips together and tried to match alejo 's small smile . 
 `` you are going to be pretty hard to get a hold of out here on the farm with rupert . '' 
 alejo blinked fast , obviously pleased with her idea . 
 `` should i give you the phone number to my parents ' house ? '' 
 she asked . 
 now alejo 's mouth flickered into a full-blown smile . 
 `` naw . 
 do n't worry , wara . '' 
 the warm white light of the lamp glinted off his eyes as the two of them sat facing each other , she with a spark of curiosity , he with eyes making a solemn promise . 
 `` i 'll find you . '' 
 33 grape after the ostriches had been fed and all the fences repaired and in working order , alejo carried a wooden porch chair into the luxuriant grape arbor . 
 he plopped down in the chair , slinging his feet up on an overturned five gallon bucket he left inside the arbor for the times he was too lazy to bring a chair . 
 it had been two months since alejo had visited his family in lima , then flown with them to a medium-sized city in italy , where they would make their new home . 
 since he had come back to rupert 's farm , alejo had been busy studying the bible with rupert and doing odd jobs around the property . 
 usually he was done feeding the huge birds by about five . 
 it was now winter in bolivia , leaving him an hour before sundown to sit out here and think . 
 it was crazy , but a lot of the time he thought about her . 
 he had talked to wara a few times at her parents ' house , short , uneventful conversations that still made him really happy . 
 in only three more weeks , he would see her face-to-face , and they would take a trip together to decide if they would work with ci . 
 as to the destination of the trip , rupert had kept silence , not even wanting to hint . 
 in reality , there were only nineteen days left until alejo would talk with wara in person . 
 less than three weeks . 
 alone behind the grapevines , alejo could n't pretend that he had n't counted the days a few times . 
 besides wara , no one should have the number of the nondescript little cell phone alejo carried in his pocket . 
 so when it rang now , he startled . 
 the number was n't hers , though . 
 alejo warily punched the talk button and pressed an ear to the speaker . 
 `` alejo ? 
 is that you , che ? '' 
 the hairs on alejo 's arm stood on end . 
 `` stalin ? '' 
 `` who else ? 
 oh my goodness , it 's been so long ! '' 
 alejo was stunned . 
 `` how did you get this number ? '' 
 `` relax , che ! '' 
 stalin 's tone was not cautious at all . 
 `` i 'm not with them anymore . 
 i 've run away , to join the circus , as they say . 
 as to how i got this number -- do n't ask . 
 let 's just say since i 'm the only living member of the prism who knows you 're alive , i 'm the only one who thought to have a look around for you . '' 
 `` you left the prism , '' alejo stated warily , crossing one leg over the other on the five gallon bucket . 
 `` yeah , che , i should have listened to you earlier . 
 after you told me what was going on-about the poor kids being recruited and going over to do holy war-well , i just did n't feel right . 
 and gabriel?man , i ca n't even talk about that . 
 i still ca n't believe gabo 's gone . 
 but then that day , you know , at pairumani ? '' 
 stalin 's voice cracked and he swore softly . 
 `` alejo , i was a loser and a coward . 
 i just stood there . 
 i let ishmael shoot my best friend for being an infidel . '' 
 alejo found himself grinning , despite the contrition in stalin 's voice . 
 it was so good to hear from a friend . 
 `` yeah , well , there was n't much you could do , '' alejo said . 
 `` we would have been a pretty pair , both lying there with holes in our heads . 
 you did the right thing in the moment . 
 and from what wara tells me , you saved my life later , dropping me off at the hospital . '' 
 alejo could n't bring himself to mention the fact that gabriel had also been there . 
 `` yeah , so what happened to her ? '' 
 stalin asked curiously . 
 `` she go off back to usalandia to live happily ever after with some gringo ? '' 
 alejo snorted . 
 `` yeah , something like that . 
 she certainly was n't about to stay here with me to live happily ever after . '' 
 stalin may be out of the prism , but there 's no way he 's going to get any info out of me about wara . 
 `` so you got out ... what about l zaro and benjamin ? '' 
 `` both sent to another country in south america . 
 they 'll stay out of bolivia for a while , i assume . '' 
 `` and ishmael ? '' 
 alejo asked . 
 `` i have absolutely no idea . '' 
 alejo could picture stalin shaking his head , scraggly hair dragging over his bulky shoulders . 
 `` i hightailed it out of there after we got to asuncion , and took my parents with me . 
 they 're safely tucked away in japan?i know you wo n't tell . '' 
 the conversation cheered alejo up more than he could have imagined . 
 stalin was alive and well , and possibly dining every evening on sushi and rice . 
 alejo assumed that ishmael khan would n't be showing up in bolivia for some time , after an anonymous call alejo had made explaining that the khan foundation was spiriting away bolivians to fight as mujahedeen , in the name of scholarships and higher education . 
 surprisingly , stalin kept in touch ; a week after his phone call , alejo 's cell shimmered with the alien sound that announced an arriving text from his old friend . 
 `` guess where i am ? '' 
 the little screen read . 
 alejo was debating between `` las vegas '' and `` disneyland '' when a second wave of sound announced stalin 's answer . 
 alejo clicked the sound off and read : `` at mass . 
 yes , that 's right . 
 i 'm sitting here in spain at mass with about five little old ladies . '' 
 then , following quickly , `` and they 're all dressed in black . 
 is that creepy , or what ? '' 
 alejo pulled out the side keyboard , which he had used maybe once , and keyed in , `` despite the creepiness of black , are you finding what you 're looking for ? '' 
 the image of stalin , probably dressed in a t-shirt that accented his beer belly and ratty old jeans , kneeling on the thin wooden rail at the back of the cathedral pew was extremely amusing . 
 it was also fascinating , given the fact that stalin believed he already knew everything about god and had said he would rather have his carnal pleasures . 
 alejo was sure the fact that he was nervously repeating mass along with five wrinkly , age-encrusted spanish women meant that stalin was rethinking whether he was going to pay the price . 
 `` not yet?there 's something here , but i still do n't know if i 'm ready . 
 but che , i 'm thinking about it . '' 
 another message came . 
 `` i was very impressed with you , willing to die for what you believe . '' 
 alejo hoped this was a good sign . 
 `` but then again , so was gabriel , '' stalin added . 
 `` i 'm still looking , che . 
 god have mercy?he knows i 'm looking , but the women here in spain are so beautiful ? '' 
 alejo typed , `` do n't you want to talk on the phone ? 
 my fingers are cramping . '' 
 `` ca n't . 
 time to sing . 
 the priest is giving me the eye . 
 talk to you later , alejo . '' 
 alejo slid his phone back in his pocket with a smile and leaned his head back towards the sunshine . 
 34 lilac a country had never seemed so empty and hollow as spain did at that moment to stalin gomez . 
 while mom and dad had their hearts set on a little house in japan , stalin had known immediately upon arriving to get them settled in that japan would never be for him . 
 `` creepy , very creepy '' were the only words that described for him the temples with dull golden statues smiling pacifically at him as he passed . 
 the m lange of slippery sea creatures tacked to wooden planks with wicked looking nails would have been eerie enough at some sort of taxidermy for water creatures display . 
 the fact that it was in a part of the market meant for grocery shopping had given him the heebie-jeebies . 
 with all the money he had pilfered from his bank account , stalin bought his parents a three bedroom house in a cozy neighborhood full of foreigners , a shiny silver lexus , and hired two servants to clean , cook , and fill the house with furniture . 
 then he had gotten back on the plane to a more pleasant destination , planning on sending his parents tickets to come visit . 
 they were n't that old yet , after all . 
 spain seemed like a perfect pick to settle down and hide . 
 it was warm , they spoke spanish , and rumors were that bathing was topless . 
 at first , the city of cordoba , where stalin had rented a nice flat , had seemed very cosmopolitan and smacked of europe . 
 all the excitement soon died away as he found himself lumbering down the gray sidewalks day after day , with no job , no steady girlfriend , and no friends to speak of . 
 the conversation he had with alejo that day in the coffee shop about jesus kept ringing in stalin 's ears , ever since he had realized that for alejo , the whole jesus thing was more than just an intellectual debate about which religion was right . 
 the exact moment stalin had realized this had been when alejo did n't flinch with a gun to his head and had said he would n't change his mind about jesus being god . 
 that had been a very , very heavy day . 
 today , stalin 's heart felt heavy as well , and as he left the massive cathedral where he had been at mass he bought a strawberry ice cream cone from a vendor on the sidewalk . 
 then he turned down one of the ancient , narrow side streets to meander his way in the general direction of home . 
 there really was no hurry ; in spain , no one went to bed before midnight , and at the moment it was just after seven . 
 stalin took a large lick of the sickly-sweet ice cream , the tried to clean a sticky drop of pink off his lips with the paper-thin napkin wrapped around his cone . 
 all of a sudden , he stopped , eyes falling upon a little sign with a picture of a white dove that said libreria la paz . 
 below , in smaller letters , it said , `` libreria evangelica '' . 
 a christian bookstore . 
 and a non-catholic one . 
 something about the store drew stalin towards its rugged stone steps like a piece of lint up the funnel of a vacuum cleaner , but he hesitated . 
 he imagined himself walking into that store to browse books and finding himself swarmed by a pack of hunchbacked crones in black dresses and head coverings , who would then drag him over to a gold-crowned image of the virgin and force him to recite the rosary until he was born again . 
 the glass door squeaked quietly and a little girl wearing a hot pink short set skipped down the steps , followed by a middle-aged guy in a polo shirt who could have been her father . 
 there you go?people younger than eighty come to this store . 
 maybe it has something for me . 
 realizing he had been holding his breath , stalin drew in a gust of air and then nearly shrieked , feeling the cold drip of melting ice cream soak his fingers . 
 he hurriedly licked all the way around the cold cone , then each finger one by one , glancing around guiltily to see if anyone was watching . 
 finally , stalin pulled himself together and clumped up the stairs to the bookstore , some part of him praying to god that there would be some books here worth reading that could explain to him more about what it was that would n't let him just put jesus at the back of his mind . 
 a bell over the door jangled softly as stalin entered , and he was relieved when the man behind the counter only waved politely at him , then turned away to let the customer browse the shop in peace . 
 it was a small bookstore , with white wooden shelves filled with different titles lining the walls and a small section for music and t-shirts . 
 ignoring everything but the books , stalin began at one end , noticing right away that the volumes seemed to be rather thin . 
 remembering to keep up on licking his ice cream so it would n't flood the bookstore 's red carpet , stalin cocked his head sideways to better scan the titles , getting more disgruntled as he went along . 
 in one section , he found books with titles such as `` a new you in forty days ! '' 
 , `` god can control your diet '' , and `` exercising for jesus '' . 
 puzzled , he moved on to the next rows of books and saw several covers featuring blown-up photos of people with white smiles with flashy clothes . 
 `` god wants you to be rich ! '' 
 proclaimed one book with the image of a slick hispanic man in an expensive purple suit . 
 stalin 's brows drew together as he read , `` the ten-day plan to secure wealth '' and `` plant the seed and it will grow '' . 
 a thin rivulet of strawberry ice cream escaped down the side of stalin 's cone and over his hand , splatting onto the carpet below . 
 a curse was on the tip of stalin 's tongue , until he remembered where he was and gulped , glancing over at the man behind the counter . 
 seeing the guy safely reading , paying no attention to stalin soiling his store and cussing , stalin turned back to the books , pretty confused . 
 he had studied christianity in depth during his masters and phd , of course , along with all the other religions . 
 they may not have been the most exciting reading in the world , but he remembered a plethora of thick volumes about theology and christian thought . 
 those books were not just a little weighty ; they were the kind you could use for weight-lifting around the house , if you ever did such a thing . 
 where were those kinds of books here ? 
 the shiny books stalin saw lined up around this bookstore seemed to be about anything except christianity . 
 was n't there anything here that just told about jesus ? 
 plop ! 
 stalin stared in horror as the mushy pink mound that was left on top of his cone slid onto the floor with one fluid motion , falling with a soundless whoosh onto the cherry red carpet . 
 now he did swear , albeit under his breath , then jerked his head up as he heard a soft chuckle , coming from nearby . 
 spiky , white high heels turned into long legs , then a flowery skirt and a tight , lilac-colored jacket . 
 in front of stalin stood the most beautiful woman he had ever seen-and that was saying a lot . 
 her hair fell to her waist , and was chestnut brown with shimmers of red . 
 with twinkling eyes , the woman was regarding stalin with amusement : first his face , which he intuited must be a shade between lobster and beet red , and then the flattened pile of melting ice cream staining the carpet . 
 `` too hot for ice cream today , '' she remarked , and then twisted her waist gracefully to pull a packet of tissues out of her purse . 
 `` do n't worry ; this carpet is so worn no one will ever notice . '' 
 and just like that , she scooped up the fallen ice cream with a wad of tissues and tossed it into a trash can standing against a pillar in the middle of the small room . 
 stalin felt his mouth hang open as she raised her hand and he saw long , perfectly-manicured nails painted lilac and silver . 
 most importantly of all , he saw no wedding band . 
 `` i 'm shannon , '' the amazing creature said , holding out one perfect hand towards stalin . 
 `` my father always loved ireland so he gave me an irish name . '' 
 her accent told stalin she was all spanish , however . 
 he forced himself to close his mouth and reached out to shake her hand with one of his own sticky ones . 
 many smooth things to say flooded stalin 's mind at the moment , but unexpectedly , all of them seemed out of place here in the middle of this christian bookstore , surrounded by the surreal sound of churchy music floating from a stereo . 
 instead , he said , `` do n't they have any books here that talk about something?serious ? 
 i feel like i 'm in the self-help section of some bookstore . 
 where can i find books about something like?the atonement , for example . 
 or the theological arguments for why jesus was divine . '' 
 stalin found himself taken aback when shannon chuckled again , a deep , full-throated laugh . 
 `` you wo n't find anything like that in here , '' she said in a conspiratorial tone . 
 `` if that 's what you 're after , the man you want to talk to is my father . '' 
 stalin blinked in surprise . 
 `` he 's the pastor of an evangelical church here , '' she explained , `` but he 's also quite a scholar . 
 my daddy has written three books , and he has a whole room for a library with all kinds of fat books about everything you can imagine . 
 there are a lot about the atonement . '' 
 stalin felt himself staring . 
 `` have you ever read any of them ? '' 
 `` a few , '' shannon flicked her hand dismissively . 
 `` ok , quite a few . 
 i 'm working my way through them . 
 i 'm getting my phd now and my thesis is quite?theological . 
 so i get some studying time in , yes . '' 
 shannon pulled a purple cell phone out of her purse and glanced at the time . 
 `` daddy 's waiting for me at home now , so i 've really got to go . '' 
 heart sinking , stalin pressed his lips together so his jaw would n't hang open again , gawking at shannon . 
 then , in a magical , wonderful moment of awe , stalin saw shannon 's full lips open again and the words that she said were : `` why do n't you come home for dinner tonight ? 
 a guy like you , interested in learning more about jesus and theology?my daddy would love to talk to you . '' 
 stalin felt as though the flaming arrow of cupid had pierced his chest . 
 `` i 've really got to run , though , so make up your mind quick . '' 
 shannon placed the phone into her purse and half-turned towards the door , beginning to walk out . 
 stalin took in the skirt , the legs , the high heels , and one millisecond was all it took for him to propel himself forward , like a dog hooked to a leash , towards shannon and her daddy the pastor who would tell him all about jesus . 
 the end s 0 cotton candy sky tehran , iran , 2017 to sami , the white-hot explosion of sun that staggered him as the blindfold was ripped from his eyes was more brilliant than the glory of any starry spotlight where adoring fans screamed his name . 
 a rubber boot connected with his back as the rush of light hit his wide-open eyes , slamming him to the pavement . 
 rivers of radiant colors stormed his vision as sami lifted his head , and he vaguely made out the city park and the crowds gathered , absolutely silent . 
 his life had been lived surrounded by multitudes , but today no one reached frenzied hands towards him in the hope that his own fingers would briefly connect with theirs between wild chords strummed on the electric guitar . 
 no one was rapturously snapping photos of him with their cell phone camera , plotting to show the blurry concert images to their friends . 
 sami 's eyes cleared enough to realize that he was encircled by uniformed police bearing the thick plexiglas shields that were synonymous with riot control . 
 they formed a writhing barrier between him and the crowd , an ominous warning to anyone who tried to capture the scene on a cell phone camera . 
 but still the crowds stayed , fixed eerily in place behind the police line , silent . 
 for nearly ten years sami had heard his fans ' hysteric screams and cheers , accorded to him as the lead singer of iran 's most popular rock band , ashavan . 
 today , under a baby blue sky sprayed with cotton-candy clouds , the last sound sami would hear from those fans , warily planted behind the police in the park , was their silence . 
 today , while children raced up the slide in the distance and the ice cream man with his cart strolled by gaping , sami would be publicly beheaded . 
 kneeling on the asphalt , sami closed his eyes and felt as if he were watching himself from the sky , only a spectator to this gruesomely comic event : a thirty-year-old literature major-turned-rock star , sentenced to beheading in the park for a list of unpleasant crimes . 
 but sami knew why he was really here . 
 something rustled behind him and sami snapped back to reality . 
 a guard yanked on the cuffs around his wrists , checking if his arms were secured . 
 sami 's ankles were also chained together , as they had often been in the four months he had spent in the maximum security prison . 
 `` get up , '' the guard ordered , dragging him to his feet . 
 a slimy smudge of perspiration marred the young guard 's right eyebrow as he avoided the prisoner 's eyes . 
 it was more than obvious he did n't want to be here . 
 `` over there . '' 
 a dozen feet away , circled by a dreary ring of hoary stones , a cement block protruded from the park square . 
 a murky stain began at its heart , spreading snaking tentacles across the surface of the block and down its sides : lifeblood , spilled here under the sun after afternoon prayers in the past . 
 sami stumbled to his bare feet , barely aware of the sensation of his soles on the burning pavement . 
 once he had worn trendy italian leather shoes and jeans from paris that had cost three hundred euros . 
 today , sami 's feet were bare and bleeding . 
 he wore tattered cotton pants , stained from the floor of his cell , and a simple white t-shirt . 
 the shirt hung loosely over his frame , muscles wasted away from days of doing nothing but praying in his cell instead of working out at an elite gym club . 
 even so , he still towered over the two guards at his side , tall and broad-shouldered . 
 a collective gasp rise up from the myriad of dark eyes staring at him in the park and sami thought that probably the people gathered here today barely recognized him . 
 sami did n't mind . 
 the old sami was gone , and he was a different person now . 
 the new sami did n't mind standing barefoot in dirty white , sans ray-bans and without beautiful women following his every move . 
 in a few minutes he would be dressed in pure white , screaming the name of the one who had made him able to sing in the first place . 
 `` c'mon . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 the young , sweaty guard who had a death grip on sami 's arm was named hourmazd . 
 `` they 're waiting , '' hourmazd said reluctantly . 
 `` you have to come now . '' 
 sami felt his feet slap across the hot , soiled square in slow motion . 
 next to the chipped concrete chopping block , the executioner waited in a crisp black uniform and aviator ray-bans , gripping a saudi arabian scimitar . 
 at attention a few steps behind , two doctors in white coats stood watching the proceedings . 
 one of them held a dove gray tarp , folded neat and square ; this would be to wrap sami 's body . 
 at the prison , it had been explained to him that after the beheading his body and head would be carried off by the doctors , who would then reattach the two items and bury sami in full accordance with islamic burial laws . 
 none of sami 's family had any intentions of burying their wayward relative in the christian manner . 
 at the moment , whether his dead body would be laid in the ground facing mecca or not was the last thing on sami 's mind . 
 standing before the executioner 's block , sami 's eyes blazed across the gathered crowd one last time , not surprised to see neither his mother nor his father here to witness the gory sight . 
 several feet behind one of the policemen 's opaque shields , a pale face peeped out from under a nondescript black chador veil . 
 she came . 
 sami 's heart surged within him and he stared at her , taking in the last beauty he would ever see in this place called earth . 
 he met her weeping eyes calmly , intensely begging her not to cry and give herself away . 
 i 'll see you again , my sister . 
 and then time for scanning the solemn crowd was up ; hourmazd and the other guard forced sami to his knees . 
 hot fingers grabbed his temple like a vise , twisting his head to one side , plastering one cheek against the icy concrete . 
 a filmy coating of dust and pebbles had settled onto the block , and sami 's hand instinctively jerked forward to swipe the scratchy debris off his cheek , then pulled up short against the biting metal cuffs . 
 urgent hands still held him down , kneeling , and sami realized he was facing the crowd , saw that ava was looking up towards heaven . 
 i could have married you . 
 sami swallowed and his adam 's apple grazed the abrasive stone . 
 we could have gone away to germany or canada together . 
 we could have had six or seven little iranian babies , who would have grown up hearing about jesus every day and playing whatever kind of music they wanted , for him . 
 you would end up wide-hipped and disheveled from all those children , and i would get bald and wrinkly . 
 but we would sit together by the fireplace every night with our children , singing with the guitar and loving each other . 
 a ream of black cloth descended in front of sami 's vision and cinched in a hard knot behind his skull . 
 the blindfold pressed his lashes tightly against his cheeks , leaving him blind , each beat of his heart echoing slowly in the darkness . 
 the pressure of the hands against his head and back disappeared and an unearthly hush descended upon the park . 
 the charges against him were read out loud , a list of things sami could never imagine becoming . 
 rape . 
 treason . 
 worship of satan a mullah began to pray loudly in arabic , and sami waited with his temple to the icy block . 
 in prison he had been warned ; if he moved , the blade could miss and he would n't be killed at the first fall of the scimitar . 
 a dove cooed overhead . 
 heart pounding in his chest , sami waited in the darkness , knowing that in just a minute more he would see the light . 
 1 karate gone bad she laid the guitar case on the smooth tree stump among the pines and cried , knowing only the trees would hear . 
 a few tears later she stopped , scrubbing her face on her soft tiered skirt , never one for prolonged weeping . 
 she let her eyes run over the battered case , balanced on the ancient stump like an offering , then carefully opened the dented clasps . 
 the honey-colored taylor guitar still nestled in emerald velvet . 
 this had been noah 's guitar . 
 wara sniffed loudly and smiled , remembered him grinning from the stool at the front of the caf , playing this guitar and singing his heart out . 
 she cradled the taylor across her lap and began to pick her way through a few chords . 
 it had been three months , and it still hurt . 
 his arm had been around wara when the bus went over the ravine , but she was thrown out the window to safety . 
 noah had n't made it . 
 since then she had been here in montana , living with her parents on the ranch that was her childhood home . 
 life as a missionary in bolivia was over , dreams smashed to pieces with the shattered glass of the bus where noah died . 
 a new chapter was about to begin , and honestly , wara really did n't think she was ready . 
 staying here on the bench in the little sheltering circle of trees on the ranch was sounding better and better all the time . 
 a sharp crack sounded in the foliage . 
 wara tensed and huddled into the comforting familiarity of the guitar , totally aware that her reaction to the sound was overkill . 
 this was a ranch , after all . 
 squirrels and birds did live in the trees that surrounded her , and yellowed leaves were constantly crunching their way to the ground now that fall was in full swing . 
 but after the bus accident in bolivia she had been kidnapped and nearly killed by the muslim group who had bombed her bus . 
 so unexpected sounds made her a little nervous . 
 that was ok , was n't it ? 
 `` holy cow ! '' 
 she shrieked without meaning to , nearly dropping the guitar on her toes . 
 because all of a sudden , defying her expectations that the little noise would end up being a stray squirrel scuttling around in the trees , a solid male figure emerged from the shadows . 
 she fizzled with adrenaline , vision full of a broad-shouldered man , skin the color of a mocha latte , wearing a black shirt and brown corduroys . 
 `` holy cow ! '' 
 she gasped again , less fear and more irritation lacing her voice now . 
 the intruder was now out of the shadows , holding up two tan hands in a gesture meant to calm her down . 
 the dark curls that had hung around his collar were gone , but those clear hazel eyes were unmistakable . 
 all the seven martir children had them . 
 `` wara . 
 it 's me , '' he said , only adding more fuel to the storm of adrenaline and annoyance lashing her insides . 
 alejo martir . 
 was here . 
 at her house in montana . 
 the ex-leader of the prism , the group that tried to kill her . 
 he had been behind the bomb that killed noah on the bus . 
 and then he had left everything to behind to save wara . 
 `` you?you scared the beejeebers out of me ! '' 
 she managed , feeling herself scowl . 
 she had never imagined she would see him here . 
 sure , in bolivia they had both been recruited by a man named rupert to work with an organization called ci . 
 wara had known she would see alejo again , next week when they set off on an exploratory trip to make their final decision about working with ci in the future . 
 but for goodness sake , she was supposed to have the weekend still to deal with this before seeing alejo again ! 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 yes , this was the friendly midwest , but wara recognized not the tiniest hint of welcome in her voice . 
 now , she was just plain irate . 
 and scared . 
 some of the spark in alejo 's hazel eyes faded . 
 `` last week we said we 'd meet up on the trip , since we 're both headed the same way . 
 and in bolivia i said i 'd find you . 
 and here you are . 
 in montana . '' 
 well . 
 because alejo had asked her to forgive him , they 'd talked on the phone for a few minutes every couple weeks since bolivia . 
 it gave wara the opportunity to say something decent to the brother of her best friend nazaret , instead of simmering with anger and resentment towards him for what he had done . 
 `` see you soon , then , '' alejo had said over her cell a week ago . 
 `` i-i 'm sorry , '' wara exhaled slowly and closed her eyes . 
 they opened to alejo crossing the space between them tentatively , then offering a hand in greeting . 
 they cheek-smooched mechanically , bolivian-style , and alejo cautiously took a seat on the other extreme of the bench . 
 he looked younger with his hair shaved , face smoothed of many of the tortured lines that had marked it three months earlier . 
 the light in his eye flickered , begging wara to let it come back to life as she had promised him through forgiveness after what he 'd done . 
 she could let the light live , or blow it back out . 
 her heart hurt as she crossed her arms over her gray henley top and tried the hint of a smile . 
 `` i 'm ? 
 really sorry . 
 i just really was n't expecting you . '' 
 `` i know , '' alejo 's lips twisted into a smile . 
 `` i just thought i 'd drop by so we could take the trip to morocco together . 
 i could carry your stuff . 
 and i , uh , thought i could see where you live , maybe meet your parents . '' 
 wara fought for polite words , all the while nearly swallowing her tongue . 
 `` meet my parents ? '' 
 she blinked hard against the memory of alejo 's first connecting with her face , the sudden gravity as she spun into the dirt and collapsed . 
 alejo pressing the hunting knife to her throat and dragging her into the forest . 
 this guy was a killer . 
 and her best friend nazaret 's brother . 
 and , insanely , her possible future co-worker . 
 a little panicked , her gaze flitted around her little sanctuary of trees , the cedar bench that had been there as long as she could remember . 
 beyond was the house she had always known , her childhood bedroom , the living room where she 'd ripped open presents on christmas and drank coffee over a good novel . 
 `` ok , '' she blurted . 
 `` my parents are n't here now , though . 
 they 're both still at work . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 alejo leaned back into the bench , seemingly content just taking in the shades of changing autumn leaves . 
 wara suddenly felt smothered , faced with the prospect of the next several days of his company . 
 what in the world were they supposed to talk about ? 
 she eyed him sideways , but he just sat there with that zen-like tranquility , meditating on nature . 
 it was making her crazy . 
 `` i 've been taking karate . 
 per your instructions , '' she informed him just to break the silence . 
 alejo 's eyes lit up in surprise and he tore his gaze from the nearly-naked trees . 
 `` good . 
 i hope you never have to get in a fight , but i feel better knowing you 're learning some tricks to keep up your sleeve . '' 
 alejo raised one eyebrow and grinned dangerously as he eyed wara 's long plaid skirt . 
 `` think you can show me some of what you 've learned ? 
 in that ? '' 
 `` why not . '' 
 wara frowned . 
 `` right now ? 
 like , fight with you ? 
 are you serious ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 i 've got to see if you 've been slacking . '' 
 his tone softened , and wara suspected he did n't really think she had learned anything but had only assigned her to learn martial arts to keep her mind off the unpleasant past . 
 `` besides , '' alejo 's tone was quiet yet challenging . 
 `` i do n't think you 'll turn down the chance to give me a few good kicks . '' 
 suddenly he was off the bench and a few feet away , feet planted firmly on the ground . 
 `` c'mon , do n't be nice . '' 
 arching an eyebrow that said she really did n't plan to be , wara slowly stood up , pulling a rubber band off her wrist to twist her hair into a rough ponytail . 
 in the three months since she had left bolivia , her dark hair was growing long and straight , looking a little more polished than the uneven cut she had sported before . 
 `` now , '' alejo was grinning solemnly , `` i do n't want to be too mean to you , either , since this is our first fight . 
 so for today i 'm just going to use beginner skills . 
 just show me what you 've got . '' 
 with that , alejo sidestepped around towards her back so fast she barely had time to register that he was going to try to grab her from behind . 
 whoa ! 
 not ready ! 
 wara 's eyes widened as she racked her mind for what she was supposed to do in this situation . 
 she had been going to classes every stinking day , after all . 
 even if alejo had told her to do karate to make her feel better , it had worked . 
 whacking and kicking things had ended up to be a very entertaining way to spend the last there months . 
 the correct kick flashed into her mind as she was already beginning to execute it out of instinct . 
 she managed to twist away from alejo just in time , feeling the thickness of his arms brush by her cheek . 
 ha ha ! 
 apparently all the hours of practice were paying off ! 
 but now alejo was coming at her again , ready to take a swing at her head . 
 moving easily , wara ducked to the left just in time , then rolled to the ground and shot a strong kick upward , barely missing alejo 's belly . 
 it appeared her muscles really were stronger from all those hours spent at okinawa karate studio . 
 `` man ! '' 
 he eyed her with something she could almost call appreciation . 
 `` you 're fast . 
 you could hold me off for a while with those lightning kicks . 
 unfortunately , because i 'm bigger , i can do this . '' 
 before she even knew how it happened , he had hauled her to her feet and had her against a near-by tree . 
 there was no way she could escape his weight , and his steely grip on her elbows tightened painfully if she even attempted to move . 
 `` no , no ! '' 
 she shrieked , feeling the rage of losing and the powerlessness of not being able to do a thing about it . 
 blame it on being an only child , but wara hated losing . 
 `` get off of me ! '' 
 she grunted , and flung her head backwards just where she imagined alejo 's eye socket should be . 
 she actually saw a few white stars as her skull connected with his face , but the satisfaction of hearing him swear under his breath was more than worth it . 
 but that was her last move . 
 the hold on her elbows tightened even more , and alejo pressed her farther into the tree , his cheek plastered against hers . 
 `` ok , you win , '' she pronounced , speaking carefully since her lips were only centimeters from the tree bark . 
 `` you did really well , though . '' 
 the hiss of alejo 's breath in her ear was quite annoying . 
 `` i 'll show you how to do this hold i 've got your arms in . 
 someday , i hope you 'll be able to kick my rear in a fight?well , at least if i have the flu . '' 
 wara glared , hoping he could see her scowl from the side as he pulled away from her and released the death hold on her arms . 
 a sharp crack sounded in the clearing . 
 wara 's gaze jerked upward as a flurry of dust and bark rained down on her head with the dull whap of an object slamming into the tree above her . 
 `` down ! '' 
 alejo growled into her ear . 
 her knees buckled as his weight slammed into her and they crashed to the ground . 
 her first thought was : it 's a bullet . 
 someone is shooting at us ! 
 alejo remained on top of her , and she flipped her head towards the source of the sound , more than a little frantic . 
 surreally , alejo had whipped out a gun and was in position to shoot anything that came into sight from behind the trees . 
 but instead of another bullet , a low voice cut through the clearing . 
 `` get away from her , or you 're a dead man . 
 next time i wo n't miss . '' 
 wara 's mind fuzzed over , unbelieving . 
 this could not be happening . 
 alejo 's forearm tensed around the gun as a lanky man in a denim jacket appeared , half-sheltered behind a golden oak tree . 
 his eyes narrowed and he trained an unwavering shotgun exactly at alejo 's head . 
 `` do n't shoot ! '' 
 wara screamed at the man holding the gun . 
 `` it 's ok !! 
 do n't shoot ! '' 
 she elbowed alejo roughly , face sizzling with chagrin . 
 `` get off ! '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` i ca n't breathe ! 
 he wo n't shoot us?it 's just my dad . '' 
 rachel moschell met and married her husband , eduardo , in cochabamba , bolivia . 
 they have three adorable children and currently live in beautiful cochabamba . 
