 falling girl with broken wings , book one j bennett copyright © 2012 by j bennett all rights reserved smashwords edition isbn : 978-0-9840048-0-5 this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places and incidents either are the product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously , and any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , business establishments , events or locales is entirely coincidental . 
 the publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for third-party websites or their content cover design by paradigmgd.com prologue i may be a monster . 
 i 'm not exactly sure yet . 
 a strange thing to think , but i wonder if you can have something evil inside of you without being evil yourself . 
 perhaps you can think about doing something terrible -- maybe even want it so bad the pen in your trembling hand keeps bleeding ink through the page -- but if you do n't actually commit the act , then you 're not really guilty . 
 at least this is what i have to believe . 
 especially now , right now , because the hunger has me . 
 all of me . 
 the hunger is a lot of things . 
 sometimes it is everything . 
 other times i imagine it as a throbbing , living monster inside me , and if this were true , i 'd take the closest dull letter opener and see about getting that fucker out . 
 my brothers think of it as a virus , and i get to play the part of plague victim ; except that instead of black , pus-filled boils , i present other vestiges of the disease . 
 gifts , my father called them , but then again , he does n't consider it a virus at all . 
 i will kill him someday . 
 i have to believe this too . 
 mostly , the hunger is a song with a secret melody only i can hear . 
 the music clings to each breath of wind and the calm in between . 
 it hums along the spongy corridors of my brain , each note jumping from one stalled synapse to the next . 
 at night , when the sun can not feed me its thin soup , the song grows loud as thunder captured in my bones . 
 destruction concealed beneath the beauty . 
 such craven release . 
 i 'm not thinking clearly at all . 
 the night holds fast , and the song lulls me with sweet siren notes . 
 gabe is asleep in the other bed . 
 i know the rhythms of his energy so well , that soft aqua color like postcard oceans that is his alone . 
 it hums in gentle cadence with his dreams . 
 tarren is awake in the next room . 
 his energy is all jumpy and exhausted , muddled blue with too much brown mixed in . 
 the nightmares often keep him up . 
 there are others in the motel with different auras . 
 some spiking as they make love , others a weak beat in sleep . 
 the song is calling to me , and even my terror is muting in its wake . 
 i could almost forget my own name . 
 maya . 
 my name is maya , and his name was ryan . 
 on the worst nights -- the ones where i do n't know if i can make it to dawn -- i think of ryan and the way he would always only half smile . 
 i close my eyes and picture just the way his mouth quirked up to the right as if he were afraid to unleash the full tide of his happiness . 
 ryan had a glorious smile , like the sun hitting something just right and bringing out colors you had n't even known were there . 
 i would spend nights awake conjuring intricate plans to break open his lips . 
 when he did smile , it filled me with hot bubbles and vanilla scents . 
 tarren thinks that i am gone . 
 an angel . 
 i am changed -- shattered and glued back together crooked -- but i can not be all gone , because i still smell vanilla when i think of ryan . 
 ryan . 
 ryan . 
 ryan . 
 please . 
 oh , ryan . 
 do n't let me kill my brother . 
 at least not the one i like . 
 gabe shifts in his sleep . 
 his energy flickers , and i start . 
 for a moment i am lost in the hunger . 
 i do n't know how i 've come to be standing over his bed ; why i can think of nothing but the energy , so bright , leaping off his healthy body . 
 gabe does n't understand about the hunger . 
 tarren knows better , but even he does not recognize the precariousness of my grip . 
 the grip i 've just lost . 
 he should have killed me . 
 and right now i wish he had . 
 hot hands . 
 skin peeling back . 
 monster hands reaching out . 
 the song plays . 
 i am gone . 
 part 1 chapter 1 a few weeks and a very different life ago . 
 ryan . 
 chapped lips . 
 warm breath . 
 bringer of little chills all up and down me , mostly when he is n't trying . 
 the heat has n't broken yet , and the leaves wilt beneath the sun 's inerrant gaze . 
 i lug my shoulder bag down the university 's cobbled pathway toward the student union building . 
 i am proud of the purple bangs combed in a slant across my face . 
 it 's no matter that the color did n't manifest quite right . 
 it 's the principle of the thing . 
 this is me rebelling , all badass with black eyeliner scrawled along each lid . 
 and i only stabbed myself in the eye once this morning . 
 a vast improvement . 
 this is me coming alive . 
 finally . 
 it did n't start with ryan , but i tell him it did . 
 it was coming to school , discovering entire classrooms of people ready to defend twain or melville to the death . 
 willing to jump in front of buses for orwell and vonnegut . 
 tears flowing for nabokov and tolstoy . 
 it was finding friends with strange passions and loud laughs . 
 learning to appreciate my freshman roommate who slept till noon and showed me how to masturbate . 
 and then , of course , ryan with his ice tea-colored skin and beautiful black eyes half hidden beneath his lids . 
 he is n't my first boyfriend , just the first one who matters . 
 somehow my constant metaphors and little dramatics only spark amused forbearance . 
 our apartment together is terrifying , because it does n't scare me at all . 
 and avalon . 
 the realization that it 's okay to dream . 
 as soon as ryan gets out of class , we 'll grab lunch before i fry my brains with intermediate latin and shakespeare ii . 
 he 'll probably raise his eyebrows like he always does , and the look will say you could always minor in business , you know , just in case . 
 and i will battle his practicality with my brave , starving artist smile that boldly cries whatever it takes , because i do n't actually know what it takes , and i still have two more years to squelch this inconvenient little fact . 
 i sweat . 
 summer in connecticut seems determined to go out muggy and hot . 
 then i become aware of an unknown figure leaning against a tree . 
 his pale blue eyes follow my progress down the path . 
 i would n't have noticed him except that he 's wearing a long-sleeved shirt and jeans on this brutally hot day . 
 he is a striking man , tall and pale with thick , dark hair cut short . 
 his face is all cheekbones and smooth planes . 
 he could have been a track star or some arrogant frat boy . 
 but he is n't any of these . 
 not with those cold eyes couched in such a quiet , intense face . 
 his mouth grows tighter when our eyes meet , and he is most definitely staring at me , until he is n't . 
 when i look again he is walking away , his body moving in fluid strides as he turns down another path and disappears . 
 his face is familiar , but i ca n't place it . 
 surely i would have noticed him if he were in one of my classes . 
 there are always fewer male students , and then , of course , that scar would distinguish him anywhere . 
 * * * ryan and i sit down for lunch . 
 i eat something with no realization of how important this particular meal is or how much i will struggle in the near future to relive every chew , every burst of flavor simmering on my tongue . 
 i ca n't remember what ryan is wearing , so i give him his favorite gray t-shirt with the faded black spade in the middle and some washed out jeans . 
 his hair is carefully disarrayed in black spikes . 
 i am cultivating these sparks of rebellion inside him , trying to singe away all the good manners , adult seriousness and intense study habits his typically-asian parents have spent a lifetime layering around his soul . 
 the current excavation for a sense of humor is slow but promising . 
 ryan remembers the man with the scar . 
 `` he was outside last night when we went to the improv show , '' ryan says . 
 `` i remember , because i thought he would be a good enforcer for avalon . '' 
 `` i did n't know we needed enforcers , '' i reply . 
 `` of course we will . 
 everyone will want to come . 
 they 'll try to sneak in every which way , but we have standards . '' 
 `` high standards , '' i chime in . 
 `` really high standards , '' ryan continues , `` so , we 'll need enforcers who can patrol all around the island . 
 the man , he looked , i do n't know . '' 
 ryan pauses to think . 
 it is very important for him to find just the right word . 
 this can lead to long stretches of silence where i enjoy how his eyes seem to be looking backwards into his own mind and how he unconsciously curls in his bottom lip . 
 `` dangerous , '' he says , nodding with satisfaction . 
 we eat . 
 we are full . 
 we are happy . 
 i feel entitled to a good life , though i have done nothing to earn it . 
 * * * that night i work on a short story for my creative writing class . 
 it 's about a little girl who lives in an orphanage and discovers a magic crayon . 
 her drawings come to life on the page , so she creates herself a perfect family . 
 a brother , a sister , a mother and a father who all welcome and love her . 
 she gives her family castles and jewels and grand adventures -- everything she can never have for herself . 
 the little girl draws and draws and draws , but as soon as the last little nub of wax crumbles into her palm , her family and all her creations lose their life and revert to flat drawings upon the page . 
 the story sucks . 
 the sentences are too bloated with adjectives , because i ca n't push the action ahead . 
 it 's the girl . 
 she 's dull . 
 too sweet and sad . 
 i need to paint her heart a darker hue . 
 i close the lid of my laptop . 
 there are two things i do for inspiration . 
 the first is to touch my books . 
 if the walls of my apartment suddenly dissolved , the books would keep everything securely fastened in place . 
 they crawl up and down the walls like a wild , square-leafed plant pushing its shoots through rows of shelves , under tables , across my desk and , for the most special , standing upright on my dresser embraced between shakespeare bust bookends . 
 i walk over and touch their spines , and as i read their titles , the stories come alive in quick whispers . 
 ryan looks up from his textbook , sees that my laptop is closed and knows that he now has permission to speak . 
 he uses his newly freed voice to announce that he is hungry . 
 we know a mexican place run by real mexicans just outside of campus . 
 it serves plates full of greasy meat wrapped in warm tortillas for a couple dollars . 
 `` come on pixie girl , '' ryan says closing his big , boring and utterly practical textbook . 
 before we leave , i visit avalon . 
 this is the second thing i do for inspiration . 
 ryan is unsure of his drawing skills , but he is brilliant . 
 his hand brought the island to life . 
 at the center lies a huge park , and wide rings of industry , modest homes and learning institutions ripple outward . 
 electric trains hum on their tracks , and sun dappled trees shade the paths that lead along the open corridors of the city . 
 i walk on the paths of avalon breathing in the ocean-scented air . 
 other citizens jog by or ride past me on bicycles . 
 they are doctors , teachers , janitors and construction workers . 
 smart and average . 
 funny and dull . 
 all are warm , honest and hardworking . 
 it 's all very foolish . 
 ryan and i are in complete agreement on this point . 
 avalon is the product of a reckless idealism that can only blossom in our naïve university seclusion . 
 this is why we have agreed to search the atlas for a suitable island only as a hypothetical query meant to challenge our geographical aptitudes . 
 `` it 'll be here when you get back , '' ryan says behind me . 
 i grab my purse and turn in time to catch the last vestige of a half smile leaving his lips . 
 i will find my orphan girl . 
 i will make her real . 
 but first , food . 
 i 'm starving . 
 we walk through campus , and the sounds of life flow around us : bass beats from the dorm windows , a scream far away that pitches into giggles and cheers , our own steps treading the pavement . 
 a club meeting ends and students issue from the building in front of us . 
 a figure brushes my shoulder . 
 he murmurs an apology , and i only catch a glimpse of wavy hair tamed with a ball cap . 
 i sneak my hand in the back pocket of ryan 's jeans and delight in how he turns shy at it . 
 he stutters something about the stars , and i look up . 
 they are all over the sky , and i ponder if such glitter could really be only balls of gas . 
 perhaps they catch the secrets of our hearts and hold them for us until we are brave enough to give them voice . 
 ryan laughs at this thought when i say it out loud . 
 `` you are a strange one , pixie girl . '' 
 `` we ca n't both be boring , '' i tease back and bite his nose . 
 his lips find mine . 
 it is a quick , off-centered peck because my hand is still caught in his pocket as he turns toward me . 
 ryan pulls back . 
 his eyes are wet , shining onyx hiding behind his long bangs . 
 i 've won a full smile from him , fading quick , stirring those chills inside me . 
 then we both become aware of a figure blocking the path in front of us . 
 the man keeps outside the pool of light beneath the streetlamp . 
 at first i think he might be a college professor or a lost parent , but no . 
 he is staring too intently , and his legs are planted wide across the cobblestones as if he means to be exactly where he is . 
 in the fading glow of twilight , i observe that his is a delicate face , bearing a small nose , thin lips , a high forehead and a hairline just beginning to recede along a widow 's peak . 
 blue eyes move up my body and pause at my face . 
 his wispy eyebrows are blonde like his hair , and they reach for each other as he comes to a conclusion . 
 a pale fuzz of light blurs the lines of his fingers . 
 he takes a step towards us , and this is when i recognize the danger . 
 it 's the glowing hands -- of course it is -- but also the eyes and how quickly he moves . 
 that single step seems to have propelled him across the divide between us . 
 ryan must understand this too , because i feel his hand leave the small of my back as he moves in front of me . 
 i say `` uh , let 's ... '' and ryan says `` is there ... '' , and neither of us finishes our sentence . 
 the man puts his hand , palm forward , against ryan 's chest . 
 i can only see the left side of ryan 's face . 
 his eye grows round , the pupil shrinking to a pinprick in the brightening glow of the stranger 's hand . 
 his mouth drops open , and what comes out is a choked , `` ugh , ugh , ugh . '' 
 he twitches violently , my darling . 
 the stranger steps back , and ryan collapses to the ground . 
 some part of him cracks hard against the pavement . 
 i scream . 
 chapter 2 i keep screaming . 
 it might be ryan 's name or something coherent like `` what are you doing to him ? '' 
 but i do n't think so . 
 there are not words for this , only a strange tearing that is also emptiness , because my mind is trying to escape my body lest i comprehend what has just happened . 
 my boyfriend , he who kisses my shoulders and took me down the quiet pathways of avalon , is suddenly still , his eyes glass and half-lidded , a dark stain growing across his crotch . 
 the stranger is looking at me . 
 he is not so tall , but i can tell that he is a powerful person . 
 a person who is not kicked around , who wins fights before they even start . 
 his voice is quiet and calm , each word crisp like water drops hitting my cheeks . 
 `` we are leaving now . '' 
 he opens his arms , and i do n't understand . 
 i am crouched over ryan , gripping his shirt . 
 i am also watching the stranger 's glowing hands , wondering if it hurts . 
 something is coming off him . 
 i feel the vibrations of it hook around me and tug me upright . 
 i can not see what it is , but i can feel it , an invisible string that pulls me toward the stranger . 
 i start to slide across the cobblestones . 
 `` no . '' 
 i clutch ryan 's shirt , and his body drags with me . 
 `` no , no , no . '' 
 the invisible force pries my fingers loose one by one . 
 `` no , no , no , '' i moan . 
 ryan drops back , and i spin into the stranger 's arms . 
 i do n't understand how this has happened , but i know it is the stranger 's doing , his invisible string . 
 his hook . 
 the stranger embraces me . 
 i feel his breath cut across my ear , and my stomach wrenches . 
 i vomit across his shirt and down my own . 
 a low gurgled moan comes out of my throat . 
 `` unbecoming behavior for a daughter of mine . '' 
 he wraps his arms around my waist . 
 we lift up into the sky . 
 running steps . 
 someone is below us . 
 it is the boy with the baseball cap and curly hair . 
 he pauses at ryan 's body , looks around . 
 then up . 
 by the time he swings the gun around for a shot , the stranger and i are already rocketing away through the night . 
 the stars are streaks , and the boy is a shrinking dot beneath the lamp light . 
 i hear his voice echoing in the distance . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 chapter 3 we fly . 
 the air is cool , and the stranger 's arms are strong . 
 my mind flees into a dark recess . 
 i close my eyes and feel the tears flicking off my chin into the dark . 
 my senses short circuit so that everything is bleary except for random bits that stand out like vivid darts of pain : dark row of storage units coming nearer as we descend , minor jolt of landing , sound of the stranger 's shoes crunching beneath the gravel , sweep of headlights strafing the rows of closed metal doors . 
 my mind clutches to the light , hoping that it is a police car , but there are no sirens , and the headlights jump away . 
 a short while later i am lying on a concrete floor inside one of the storage units . 
 i pull my legs into my chest . 
 my lumpy purse is under my hip , its strap still twisted around my arm . 
 the metal door shuts with a bang like a gunshot or like panic or like gruesome finality . 
 the man lurks somewhere in the dark , and a question hiccups in my mind -- is he a man at all or something else entirely ? 
 a light flickers on , and i tuck my head to my chest to protect my eyes . 
 his voice comes from above . 
 `` inelegant accommodations i know , but i could n't rely on your composure . '' 
 a wail crawls up my throat . 
 `` did you kill him ? 
 did you kill him ? '' 
 my breath is gone . 
 `` did you ... '' i huff , `` did you ... '' my voice cracks and my heart cracks and my mind cracks too . 
 i stare at the stranger 's shoes between my tears . 
 they are expensive-looking loafers , the kind with tassels on top that i would have mocked in the vast distant past when i did n't know that monsters wore tasseled loafers . 
 the shoes walk away . 
 this is when i should try an escape , when i should scream for help or otherwise try to save myself . 
 i wrap my arms around my body and weep . 
 i am not brave . 
 not now , curled up on the floor sobbing and retching and not caring if the stranger glows me to death with his hands . 
 he does not glow me to death . 
 rather , he crouches down near me , and his eyes probe my face . 
 `` it is a shame , '' he says , `` that they are always born human . '' 
 he extends his hand , and i realize that we 've come to the end . 
 i am gallant enough to wipe my nose so i do n't die with snot bubbling out of my nostrils . 
 his palm opens to reveal two capsules . 
 `` take them , '' the man says . 
 `` i was prepared for such an outburst , disappointing as it is . '' 
 his voice is still soft , still calm with no inflection of emotion . 
 he has changed into a navy polo shirt with white buttons at the collar . 
 i wipe my nose again . 
 in a swift motion , he grabs my neck and claps his hand over my mouth . 
 i try to scream and suck down the pills instead . 
 he picks me up and places me on a small cot in the center of the space . 
 the air is warm and heavy with the scent of old things and lost memories . 
 for the first time , i look around . 
 a naked light bulb sways above us , and a duffle bag and folded towel sit next to the cot . 
 lying on the towel is a long needle with a wicked , thick point . 
 there is nothing else inside the storage unit except for him and me , and fear enough to drown even noah 's blessed ark . 
 the man turns from me to reach into the duffle bag . 
 i lurch forward on my shaky legs and stumble toward the door . 
 i do n't even realize what i 'm doing until i 'm doing it . 
 the stranger is already there , impossibly , standing in front of me . 
 i never even heard a sound . 
 he holds a bottle of water in his hand , which he extends to me . 
 `` yes , you should have tried . 
 that 's good . 
 now , lay down on the cot . '' 
 the light is beginning to change color , and this is funny . 
 the smells are whispering to me , but i ca n't understand what they are saying . 
 i realize that ryan is n't dead . 
 he was pretending , and after i left he got up and went back to the apartment . 
 this is strange , because ryan never plays jokes on me . 
 i am lying prone on the cot . 
 my shirt is off . 
 i am scared and confused and giggly . 
 i turn my head to watch the stranger 's hands as he moves toward me . 
 i think , rape , rape , rape , cape , escape and wonder how he will fit all of me into his duffle bag if that 's the way he chooses to go . 
 the stranger kneels down next to me . 
 his fingers brush the hair away from my neck and travel between my shoulder blades . 
 i flinch , and he catches my eyes , shakes his head . 
 his face is composed in concentration , searching . 
 i can tell the exact moment he finds what he 's looking for . 
 his eyebrows pinch together and then relax . 
 the fingers make a soft circle behind my right shoulder and then take another lap . 
 i know what he 's found : the tea-colored birthmark that i hardly ever notice until i do , and then i ca n't stop staring at it in the mirror . 
 `` maya . 
 i knew they would find you . '' 
 the words are whispered . 
 satisfied . 
 he stands up . 
 the combination of meticulously combed hair , high forehead and expensive shirt gives him a casual air of arrogance and luxury . 
 i could almost believe he was on his way to the marina to take the yacht for a spin or down to the club for a round of golf before lunch . 
 except that he 's going to kill me instead , though what he says is , `` i am going to give you a gift ; something precious that my father gave to me . 
 i am going to take away all your weaknesses . '' 
 `` it 's okay to be weak , '' i say for no reason . 
 the man frowns . 
 this is the first emotion he 's allowed across his face . 
 `` no . 
 the weak are ... , '' he pauses here , eyes intent to make sure i 'm listening . 
 the word comes out of his mouth softly but with obvious pleasure , `` food . '' 
 the man picks up the needle from the towel . 
 it shimmers like a rainbow in the light and seems to grow in his hand . 
 `` the change should n't be this difficult . 
 there was an easier way , once . 
 a process that bestowed much more power , but that knowledge has been destroyed . '' 
 the man looks down at me . 
 `` i 've had to start all over , but i will find it . 
 for now though , bone marrow will suffice . 
 three rounds of the needle . 
 it will be painful for us both . 
 try to be good about it . '' 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 i manage . 
 it is all absurd , a strange dream where the colors on the walls are strangling each other . 
 where i 'm floating away through the ceiling but still here lying on the cot . 
 a dog yips far away . 
 `` you do not understand this now , but i am making a great sacrifice for you , '' the man says . 
 he lifts up his shirt and slowly inserts the needle into his hip . 
 he closes his eyes , and i hear the air dragging sharply into his lungs as he pulls back the stopper . 
 `` no , no , i do n't want to , '' i push myself up . 
 panic squeezes in my chest with both hands and lots of leverage . 
 the colors are running all around the room . 
 maybe he 'll slip on them , but he does n't . 
 even as i struggle up , he is next to me , pushing me down , hard . 
 his hand grips my neck , and he digs a knee into my back . 
 he must be made of solid steel , for my desperate thrashing does n't move him at all . 
 `` please do n't , '' i say or try to say . 
 taste of tears in my mouth . 
 the needle plunges into my spine . 
 he was right about the pain . 
 chapter 4 a long ragged scream tears out of me , and its echo jumps around the room like a mad animal i have unleashed . 
 as soon as the stranger 's weight lifts off me , i curl up and listen to the waves of pain lapping through my body . 
 `` you 'll rest for half an hour , and then we 'll do the second shot , '' he says . 
 `` it will be worse . 
 your body will try to fight the change . '' 
 i ca n't look at him . 
 i ca n't do anything , because suddenly my spine is ringing like a gong , and the vibration is growing . 
 `` once the change is complete , you will require sustenance , '' the man says . 
 he lowers himself against the far wall . 
 `` there are two boys who have ... caused me trouble in the past . 
 i will bring them here . 
 you will nourish yourself from their lives , and it shall be an appropriate start to your new existence . '' 
 * * * by the time the stranger prepares the second shot , my body is on fire . 
 the flames lick up my spine , shooting hot coals through my arms and legs . 
 sweat pours out of my skin , and i am shaking so hard i can hear my own teeth clattering against each other . 
 crying is too painful , so i lay in silence , closing my eyes and trying to envision avalon . 
 `` you 're killing me , '' i whisper to the man as he pulls the needle from his hip . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm breaking you down , stripping away your weakness and building you back up into something better . '' 
 he turns his head , and a smile touches his lips . 
 `` i 'm making you my daughter . '' 
 `` i 'm nobody 's daughter , '' i say , which is only sort of true . 
 i find it strange that i conjure such a line . 
 it seems like a brave thing to say , or at least defiant . 
 but i am exhausted and delusional and weak as a broken-winged bumble bee , so maybe i do n't say anything at all . 
 maybe i just want to believe i am capable of some grit . 
 it 's so hard to think at all right now . 
 i scream again as the needle plunges into my back . 
 the sound is raw , spiraling up into a squeal that cracks and dies in my throat . 
 i fall back onto the cot , and the scream has taken away my last reserves . 
 already , the fire is growing into an inferno that snakes up the back of my neck and into my brain . 
 he has put acid inside of me or drain cleaner or bleach . 
 i am dying . 
 `` one more and it will be done , '' the stranger says . 
 his voice sounds hoarse . 
 the blur that must be him sinks against the wall and lays his head back . 
 i fall into a stupor . 
 this is what i remember next : a sound screeching through my mind , bleary voices . 
 a figure moves in front of me . 
 it looks like a man , but the lines of his body are wavering . 
 two explosions so loud that i cover my ears . 
 voices rising . 
 the figure in front of me is gone . 
 shadows waver under the light . 
 something glints . 
 strange animal grunts . 
 another explosion . 
 a scream . 
 a crash . 
 quiet . 
 quiet . 
 voices . 
 quiet . 
 eyes . 
 big and golden-brown like honey . 
 elf eyes above a sharp nose and triangle mouth . 
 a ball cap on his head with wavy hair spilling out . 
 `` oh fuck . '' 
 he lays a hand on my forehead , then pushes back the wet strands of hair off my face . 
 we are looking at each other , and i realize i should say something , but i ca n't think . 
 i am watching the strange blue light glowing around his face . 
 a song is humming softly . 
 i do n't know where the music is coming from , but the melody is hypnotic . 
 strange , mystical music telling me to touch the light . 
 `` we 're too late , '' another voice says . 
 `` no , maybe not . '' 
 the elf 's voice wavers in and out with the pain . 
 `` ... need you to concentrate ... how many shots ? '' 
 i watch the light around the elf 's face . 
 the song is growing louder . 
 my fingers twitch . 
 i ca n't lift my hand . 
 `` maya , the needle ... . '' 
 `` one , '' i say . 
 one left . 
 `` one ? '' 
 his expression relaxes . 
 `` good . 
 that 's good ... ... work with that . 
 right ? '' 
 he turns his head up . 
 `` we have to go , '' the other voice says . 
 chapter 5 i ca n't stop thinking about that night -- the night i changed , the night my world stopped spinning and drifted off into the dark . 
 i plunge into those messy , fractured memories again and again , trying to recapture the simple joy of that lunch with ryan , the warmth of his lips opening against mine under the stars . 
 oh , to be full again . 
 upon my request , both gabe and tarren have described the fight in the storage unit . 
 each of my vigilante custodians has their own method of evasion . 
 * * * gabe 's version of events : it was a dark and stormy night ... yes it was ... . 
 who 's telling the story ? 
 girl who was unconscious for most of it or the guy who saved the day ? 
 ... well , if you 'd be so kind , i will tell you exactly how i did it . 
 capiche ? 
 ... good . 
 so , it was a dark and stormy night . 
 the fog rolled in thick and heavy as two shadowed figures cut through the night . 
 they warily approached a storage unit , guns glinting at their sides . 
 `` this is it , '' tarren whispered , and both boys squared their shoulders . 
 somewhere far off a coyote howled to the moon . 
 `` it 's show time , '' gabe growled . 
 the heroic brothers heaved up the storage unit door . 
 the epic showdown had begun . 
 the angel jumped up , rage alighting in his eyes . 
 `` you two ! '' 
 he snarled . 
 `` it 's been a long time coming , '' said gabe . 
 his muscles bulged beneath his shirt . 
 `` we 're here to send you back to hell where you belong , '' tarren said , his eyes glinting dangerously . 
 ... yeah , course he said that . 
 tarren is full of witty one-liners . 
 he spends hours every night thinking them up and writing them down in his diary ... no , i 've seen it . 
 it 's pink and got little flowers all over it . 
 ... oh , now that 's just mean . 
 wait , you 're making me laugh , i got ta keep going ... . 
 the story . 
 stop interrupting . 
 i 'm losing my place . 
 the angel moved swiftly in front of his prey , crouching low , ready for a fight . 
 he was weakened but still deadly . 
 the brothers were ready too . 
 they 've been ready their whole lives . 
 `` this ends here , tonight ! '' 
 gabe cried . 
 the angel was quick , moving like a blur . 
 both heroes raised their weapons and fired . 
 he cried in pain as the bullets tore through his flesh , but that did n't slow him down . 
 the fight was totally epic . 
 the angel was ten times stronger than an elephant and twenty times faster than a cheetah , but the brothers held their own using matrix-like skills . 
 blood flowed . 
 ribs were cracked . 
 tarren was knocked back , so the incredibly handsome younger brother had to hold off the creature on his own using bad ass chuck norris fighting action . 
 fists and legs flew at the speed of light . 
 using roundhouse and 180 ° spin kicks of death , gabe knocked the creature down , stunning him . 
 `` is that the best you 've got ? '' 
 he asked with his trademark smirk . 
 he totally had the situation under control and was about to waste the angel , when tarren shoved him out of the way in a fit of jealousy ... . 
 no , let me tell it ... of course he 's going to say that ... . 
 maybe i wanted to be up against the wall . 
 you ever think of that ? 
 maybe i had ` em right where i wanted him . 
 so if you 're done telling me my own story ... uh-huh , that 's what i thought . 
 so tarren shoved his unbelievably talented brother out of the way , because he wanted to finish off the angel himself . 
 they did some tepid fighting which involved absolutely no roundhouse or 180 ° spin kicks of death . 
 at some point tarren got ahold of his gun and blew off the angel 's hand . 
 it was meat confetti . 
 ranger t hollow points , got ta ' love ` em . 
 the angel howled in pain , clutching his mangled stump as blood gushed all over the place . 
 it was pretty sick . 
 `` this is n't over , '' the angel cried as he escaped into the night . 
 of course gabe totally could have killed the angel and ended everything , but he realized that petty vengeance was n't as important as rescuing the poor girl the creature had kidnapped . 
 he went to her and realized with shock that she had been infected . 
 he took her fevered body in his chiseled arms and cried out a soul-wrenching `` noooooooooooo ! '' 
 `` we 're too late , '' said tarren , instantly giving up hope . 
 gabe refused to believe this . 
 for you see , this was n't just any girl . 
 she was their long lost sister . 
 `` as god is my witness i will save you , '' gabe vowed heroically . 
 `` damn it , i will save you ! '' 
 * * * tarren 's version of events : we tracked you directly to the storage unit . 
 the door was n't locked . 
 grand was weak . 
 this was our only chance to finally take him out . 
 he heard us coming and was ready when we threw open the door . 
 we both got a round off , but he was moving too fast . 
 we did n't get a kill shot . 
 i was knocked back in the fight , and i lost my gun . 
 grand had gabe pinned to the wall . 
 his hands were glowing , and i knew he was getting ready to feed . 
 i tackled grand , and we fought . 
 he got me on the ground . 
 i had a second glock strapped to my leg . 
 he was reaching out to drain me , but i pulled the barrel between us . 
 the shot took off most of his left hand . 
 grand figured the odds and fled before i could line up another shot . 
 he got away . 
 i failed . 
 it was clear you 'd been infected . 
 i knew what had to be done . 
 gabe thought there might be a way to help you . 
 he was already emotionally attached . 
 i could hear sirens in the distance . 
 we did n't have time to argue . 
 that 's the only reason i did n't kill you then and there . 
 ... no , that 's it . 
 chapter 6 `` your head , '' the boy with elf eyes murmurs as he puts me into a car . 
 then , `` this is , um , awkward . '' 
 he can only get me half in . 
 i hear his steps moving quickly around the back of the car . 
 he opens the opposite door and pulls me the rest of the way across the back seat . 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 i want to touch the blue glow around him . 
 this will soothe the pain inside of me . 
 not pain . 
 hunger . 
 great , gaping hunger . 
 i am shivering , still sweating . 
 the strap of my bra has fallen to my elbow . 
 `` do we , uh , have a blanket in the trunk or something , tarren ? '' 
 `` get in the car . '' 
 i hear sirens . 
 they sound closer than they could possibly be . 
 just like i think i can hear the boy 's heart thudding in his chest , but that ca n't be real . 
 `` yeah , it 's a warm night . 
 she 'll be fine . '' 
 the door by my head closes . 
 i flinch at the sound . 
 after a moment it opens again . 
 `` seatbelt . '' 
 he leans over me , grappling with the buckle under my back . 
 his heart is a drum . 
 i hear the whoosh of air in and out of his lungs . 
 i smell him , the sweat on him , the damp of his clothes . 
 glowing spirals of blue cloak his body like colored steam . 
 i must touch the color . 
 i am moving my arm , dizzy with even this effort but desperate . 
 he is so close . 
 my hands grow hot . 
 something is happening to them . 
 the skin of my palms is puckering , splitting open . 
 `` there we go . '' 
 the boy is gone . 
 the door closes . 
 i keep reaching up hoping to catch any lingering wisps of the glow . 
 the skin furls back over my palm , seaming itself up into a dark x across the center . 
 the car is moving . 
 every breath smells like blood . 
 i 'm giggling like a maniac , but only in my head . 
 i shove my hands under my body , because this will somehow help . 
 i 'm still burning to death , by the way . 
 the driver whispers to himself , `` we had him . 
 we had him . '' 
 the one with the backwards ball cap and elf eyes says , `` look , we got her ; that was the whole point . '' 
 he turns to look at the driver . 
 `` we 'll kill grand some other time . '' 
 the driver does n't say anything , but the color ratchets around him , bright along the edges . 
 i close my eyes , but i can still feel the skin pulling away from my palms again . 
 `` your eye is swelling up , '' the passenger says . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 you ? '' 
 `` ankle . 
 just twisted it a little . 
 i 'll throw some ice on it whenever . 
 no cops behind us . 
 we need to switch our plates when we stop . 
 ditch the guns too . 
 we left shell casings . 
 damn shame , though . '' 
 the passenger pulls a gun from his belt , hefts it in his hand . 
 `` my guy went through a lot of trouble to get this baby . 
 not that you care . 
 anyone can get glocks . '' 
 `` put that away , '' the driver says . 
 `` we 'll cover cleanup later . '' 
 the passenger turns to stare at me . 
 i watch the delicate shades of blue pulse around him . 
 `` we should probably get her a shirt , '' he says . 
 the driver does n't reply , but his eyes flick up to the rearview mirror when we stop at a light . 
 after a while , the elf turns to the driver and asks , `` is there any way this is n't going to totally ruin her life ? '' 
 i ca n't stop shivering . 
 my body jerks , so that i fall back painfully onto the buckle . 
 the fire is starting to separate . 
 there 's the part ripping up my bones and evaporating my blood , but there is something entirely different lifting out of the flames . 
 this is an exquisite hurt , all neural and twitchy . 
 it 's hunger , but not like a hunger i 've ever known before . 
 this hunger is cutting me wide open with a song , carving out its own channels in my brain and snuffing out the human parts of me . 
 i think that i am going to die , and i do n't want to , except that i do , because ryan is dead , at least i think he is , but maybe he is n't , because he ca n't be . 
 he ca n't be . 
 the hum of the car seems so loud , and the passing street lamps blaze like sudden flares in the night . 
 we leave behind the highway and then the street lamps and then the other cars . 
 i cry , but these are silent tears , hot by the time they tip over my chin . 
 we sail through the night for a long while , and the tears eventually dwindle . 
 all that is left is the hunger growing louder and louder in my bones . 
 eventually , the car stops . 
 the driver gets out . 
 the door by my head is wrenched open . 
 he grabs my shoulders and pulls . 
 the seatbelt digs into my hips , and i cry out . 
 `` damn , '' he mutters . 
 he grabs my wrists in one hand and pins them against the back of the seat while he leans over and undoes my buckle . 
 the passenger side door opens . 
 `` jesus , where are we ? 
 you got ta piss ? '' 
 the driver pulls me roughly out of the car . 
 i hit the ground and curl my legs into my chest . 
 there is only the hunger and the pain and the shadow of ryan lingering behind the trees that edge each side of the road . 
 the driver pulls a gun from his waistband , and i am not afraid . 
 the amber glow is so bright around him that it looks like some sort of unnatural fire . 
 everything is fire . 
 i stare at the scar running along his jaw and recognize him . 
 the enforcer of avalon levels his gun at me . 
 the blood stains across his shirt and jeans are already turning dark . 
 in his eyes i see a cold that i would never be cliché enough to call arctic except that i ca n't think of anything else . 
 there 's a lot of blood on him . 
 `` tarren , no ! '' 
 pant legs intrude into my visual field . 
 `` she 's infected . 
 we have to do it now while she 's weak . '' 
 `` one shot tarren . 
 she only got one shot . 
 she 's like ... a hybrid or something . '' 
 `` we ca n't take the chance . '' 
 `` yes we can , because , uh , because you could use her in your research . 
 she could be , like , the key . 
 the hybrids are always the key in , you know , stuff . '' 
 `` we 'll take the body back to lo 's lab . '' 
 `` cold hearted bastard ! 
 she 's blood . '' 
 `` his blood . '' 
 `` our blood . 
 she 's our blood tarren . '' 
 the elf boy 's voice has gone harsh . 
 `` she 's our family , and you can pretend that you do n't care about anything anymore , that you 're suffering the weight of the entire world on your shoulders , but you 're just afraid . 
 fuck you . 
 i 'm not moving . '' 
 `` you done ? '' 
 the gun does n't move . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 the elf takes a shaky breath . 
 `` i mean no ! 
 she could help us . 
 think about it . 
 she 'll get strong . 
 she 'll get fast . 
 she can fight with us . 
 we can ... '' `` and the hunger ? '' 
 my protector turns and looks at me . 
 i can hear how fast his heart is beating , the faint rush of blood as he clenches his fists . 
 the light around him swells . 
 so blue with sudden streaks of lavender lashing across . 
 the song . 
 they act as if they ca n't hear the music flowing in hot torrents all around us . 
 `` we 'll buy her rabbits , '' he says finally . 
 `` she 'll lapse and feed on humans . '' 
 `` no , she ... '' `` they always feed on humans . '' 
 the enforcer 's voice echoes into the trees . 
 he pulls in a deep breath . 
 `` you know that . 
 she is grand 's daughter . 
 he 'll come after her again and by then she 'll be strong . 
 i 'll take care of it . 
 just get out of my way . '' 
 `` i 'm on fire , '' i say for no reason . 
 i lift myself up to my elbows with difficulty . 
 i do n't know which one i want to prevail . 
 a bullet would be quicker than this slow burn . 
 `` no . '' 
 the legs in front of me step a little wider . 
 `` no , '' the elf says again . 
 `` we 've crossed a lot of lines , but i 'm not going to let you cross this one . 
 she may feed on humans one day , maybe not . 
 until she does , she 's an innocent , and we do n't kill innocent people . 
 not today . 
 not ever . 
 she deserves a chance ; i do n't care who her parents are . 
 if she crosses over , i 'll kill her myself , but not today . '' 
 the enforcer keeps his gun steady . 
 `` gabe , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm not moving . '' 
 gabe spreads his arms . 
 `` if you 've got to kill her , then do it , but i 'm sick of this shit . 
 you kill me first , ` cause killing innocent people is what bad guys do . 
 i 'm not a bad guy , and i 'd rather be dead then see you turn into one . '' 
 i hold my hands out in front of me and stare at the new dark slits running through my palms . 
 `` am i a monster ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` is that what this is ? '' 
 `` no , '' gabe looks at me over his shoulder . 
 `` well , kinda , but we 're going to help you . 
 we 're family . '' 
 tarren lowers his gun . 
 a slow descent . 
 chapter 7 some time passes -- at least a few thousand years of us trapped in that blood-smelling car . 
 i try not to think , and the pain makes this easy . 
 it crowds out ryan 's face , and the man with his needle poised , and the enforcer with his scar and his gun and his rorschach-splattered shirt . 
 `` ... might be cracked , '' tarren 's voice is soft . 
 `` dr. lee can bind it . '' 
 `` would n't do much good anyway . '' 
 `` come on tarren , he 's seen ... '' gabe 's voice cuts out quick . 
 `` well , '' he stutters , `` just be careful with it . '' 
 `` it 's the least of our worries . '' 
 my spines seizes up , and i bite my lip hard , but not hard enough to stifle a low moan . 
 gabe twists in the passenger seat . 
 he clutches the headrest with both hands and peers at me . 
 `` i 'm sorry maya , '' he says , and then he slumps back against his seat . 
 `` do n't look at me like that , '' he mutters to tarren . 
 * * * the boys huddle outside the car , their heads ducked together in whispered argument . 
 i lean my cheek against the window while the blinking neon light of the motel sign washes over my eyes . 
 if i concentrate , i can catch their words . 
 `` . . 
 wo n't make it through the night unless she feeds . '' 
 `` we have to keep moving . 
 grand will want her back . 
 he 'll track us . '' 
 `` uh , last time i checked he was minus a hand . 
 i think he might have other things on his mind . 
 she 's in trouble . 
 we 've got to hole up for the night . '' 
 `` go get her something then . 
 you 're better at picking locks . '' 
 `` like hell ! 
 you 'll blow her brains out as soon as i turn my back . '' 
 `` i wo n't kill her unless i have to . '' 
 `` promise ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` on mom 's grave ? '' 
 `` why do you always say that ? '' 
 `` cause i know you 'll keep it . '' 
 `` on mom 's grave . '' 
 * * * `` i know how this looks , '' gabe , he of the backwards hat , says as he comes round the bed . 
 `` you know , with you and the bra , this less-than-stellar motel room and well , these cuffs , but they 're just a safety precaution . '' 
 i lie on the bed , propped sideways against the headboard and squeeze my eyes shut as gabe binds my wrists together behind my back with a plastic tie . 
 he steps back quickly and lets out a breath . 
 i am still holding mine . 
 the melody of hunger is filling up my head . 
 a thin trickle of blood runs out of my nose , and there 's nothing i can do even if i cared . 
 there are other people near . 
 i can sense them , the different ebbs and flows of their energies . 
 i hear a tv chattering in the next room . 
 upstairs , a woman cries beneath the spray of a shower . 
 it all blurs together , a loud mess of noise and smells and frantic tugs in my brain that i ca n't even begin to parse . 
 gabe is talking , offering a cup of liquid . 
 it smells rancid . 
 `` it 'll help , '' he says . 
 tarren leans against the far wall , arms folded across his chest . 
 a gun sticks out of his waistband . 
 `` am i going to die ? '' 
 i ask in a thin little girl voice . 
 `` not today . 
 come on now , drink this . '' 
 gabe puts the cup to my lips . 
 the liquid is rusty on my tongue , but i swallow . 
 it sits uneasily in my stomach . 
 `` keep it down , '' gabe says . 
 my stomach clenches , but the nausea passes . 
 `` good , '' gabe smiles . 
 `` that 's real good . '' 
 `` they all drink water , '' tarren says . 
 `` that was tap water . 
 i 've never seen any of them drink tap water , '' gabe replies . 
 he sits on the bed next to me , tips the cup to catch some water on a cloth and then carefully cleans the blood and dried vomit off my face . 
 i stare at the glow as it rotates on a slow current around his body . 
 i realize that it is made up of many different delicate , shifting shades of blue . 
 pale purple filaments blink in and out of existence . 
 gabe looks me over for a long time , and i focus on his eyes . 
 they are a warm brown like caramel . 
 i dig deeper , discovering tiny gold flakes caught up in the caramel mix . 
 there 's mischief in those sparks of gold , and through the fog of pain and the implosion of my universe , i suddenly feel like i know him . 
 something in his face seems so sad and so real . 
 he said we were blood , but i do n't understand what that means . 
 he speaks . 
 `` look maya , i wish you could know how sorry i am , we both are , that this happened to you . 
 you 're probably freaking out right now . '' 
 gabe takes off his cap and runs his fingers through his wavy hair . 
 `` it should n't be like this . 
 we should 've been able to protect you . '' 
 he waits , but i am too immolated to answer . 
 i turn my head to gaze at the headboard , at the initials scratched in the wood . 
 bj was here `` look , i 'm running out to get you something that 's going to help , '' gabe continues . 
 `` something for your uh ... thing . 
 when i get back and you 're feeling a little better , we 'll explain everything . 
 maya ... things are going to be different for you , but tarren and i , we 're going to take care of you . '' 
 another pause . 
 i 'm not sure which one of us he expects to fill the gap . 
 bj was where ? 
 here ? 
 lying against a headboard with his hands cuffed behind his back ? 
 body on fire ? 
 boyfriend gone , gone , gone , gone ? 
 gabe is speaking again . 
 `` that thing before with the gun ; do n't worry about that . 
 tarren wo n't hurt you , i promise . 
 i know that probably does n't mean much , but ... '' gabe kneads the visor of his cap . 
 the glow , his aura , is beautiful , and i think that i can see his pain -- faint scarlet hues -- reflected in the shifting colors around him . 
 `` ... well , it 's the truth . 
 god , that 's lame . '' 
 the last part is a mutter . 
 gabe waits for something . 
 he keeps waiting . 
 finally , he puts his hat back on . 
 `` we 'll explain everything . 
 soon . '' 
 he gives tarren a long look before he leaves . 
 their eyes say something to each other that i can not fathom . 
 i feel gabe 's weight lift off the bed . 
 the door opens and closes . 
 i let out my breath and feel the skin unfold back down against my palms . 
 my wrists are sore from straining against the handcuffs . 
 chapter 8 we wait in silence . 
 i am too busy dying to care . 
 it 's all still happening -- the blood boiling in my veins , my muscles and sinews melting and my bones glowing hot like heated iron . 
 i lie on the bed shaking , searching for a moment of pure silence when the song is not beating inside my skull . 
 `` i imagine it must be very painful . 
 the hunger , '' a voice says from far away . 
 i blink and make the effort to turn my head . 
 the words are important . 
 if i hold onto them , they may keep me afloat . 
 `` someone once told me that it 's like a fire that consumes you forever . 
 feeding will lower the flames , but it will never extinguish them entirely . '' 
 tarren 's voice is deep , rugged -- the type of voice hollywood would cast as the misanthropic cowboy lead in a spaghetti western . 
 there is a small table in the corner of the room . 
 tarren takes a chair and places it near the bed , though still far enough away to be out of arm 's reach . 
 he sits and takes his time speaking so that each word is clear and resonant . 
 `` i am sorry that you were infected , but it happened . 
 you are one of them . 
 an angel . 
 there are no halves . 
 no hybrids . '' 
 tarren leans over and plants his elbows on his knees . 
 thin scarlet threads through his energy . 
 `` gabe thinks you will be strong enough to control the hunger . 
 i hope that he 's right , but i do n't think so . 
 when you prove him wrong , i will kill you . '' 
 his head comes up and those cold eyes guard his thoughts well . 
 we look at each other . 
 more accurately , my gaze moves around his body , following the flow of his energy . 
 he does n't share gabe 's brilliant aqua ; tarren 's blue aura is mixed with shades of yellow and brown , which turn it muddy . 
 `` you do n't understand what you are , but if you did , i think you would forgive me . 
 you see , most people choose to be infected . 
 that makes the killing a little easier , but i never enjoy it . 
 i know that does n't help , but i just ... i wanted you to know . '' 
 my eyes find his . 
 it is a struggle to keep my gaze anchored with the energy moving around him . 
 his left eye is swollen , and a dark bruise already shades the delicate skin beneath . 
 `` are you ... '' i swallow and concentrate on the words `` ... my brothers ? '' 
 my hands are open and hot . 
 something new is happening to them . 
 `` half brothers , '' tarren says . 
 `` we have the same mother . '' 
 something vibrates . 
 tarren pulls a phone from his pocket . 
 `` you here ? '' 
 pause . 
 `` wait outside . 
 i 'll let you know . '' 
 tarren frowns . 
 `` listen closely . 
 it 's easy to lose control when you feed . 
 when you 're done with the animal , you 'll want more , but you must stop yourself . 
 there 'll only be me and gabe left , and if you try to hurt me or especially my brother , i will kill you . 
 understand ? '' 
 i stare at his scar . 
 it starts under his left ear and jags along his jaw line , curving up his chin and ending just under the edge of his lips . 
 it must have been a large knife . 
 `` okay , '' i say , because i am sensing a new energy outside the door and though tarren 's words hardly make sense , i think that maybe this new energy is for me . 
 `` alright , '' tarren says into his phone . 
 gabe opens the door . 
 he holds a small border collie puppy under one arm and clutches a plastic bag in his other hand . 
 the dog 's tail wags from side to side . 
 `` all i found was a pet shop . 
 they did n't have anything grown , '' gabe says . 
 the dog lifts its head and licks gabe 's chin . 
 `` stop that , '' he says sternly . 
 `` stop being ... so god damn adorable . '' 
 `` lock the door , '' tarren tells him . 
 he walks around the bed . 
 `` i 'm going to cut the cuffs off you now , '' he says to me . 
 `` stay on the bed . '' 
 he looks up at gabe . 
 `` her hands are open . 
 she 's been straining against the cuffs . '' 
 `` she 's hungry , '' gabe says . 
 he drops the bag and fishes a gun from his waist band . 
 `` silencer on ? '' 
 tarren asks . 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 i 'm sorry little guy . 
 i really am . '' 
 gabe looks down at the puppy . 
 `` shit , '' he mutters . 
 he moves to the end of the bed . 
 a blade slides between my skin and the cuffs . 
 the plastic snaps off , and i think i understand . 
 my mind is so fogged , the need so great that i 'm not sure just how much control i wield over my own limbs . 
 i pull my wrists free of the cuffs and concentrate only on the dog . 
 tarren is just behind me . 
 i could grab him . 
 the blood is rushing in my ears . 
 gabe would shoot me , but would n't it be worth it ? 
 death for even the smallest relief ? 
 until this night , i never understood how completely hunger can dissect away a person 's soul ; what viciousness lies beneath the surface of any one of us . 
 and there 's something even more wrong with my hands . 
 i turn them palms up and stare at the vein-covered bulbs rising out of each bloodless wound . 
 they pulse with heat . 
 i let out a guttural moan that is wholly inadequate to express just how obliterated the little planet of maya is . 
 this is when the word monster first seizes in my mind -- a seed plugged into fertile agony to germinate later . 
 gabe releases the puppy , and then i forget everything . 
 it lands on the bed and immediately shrinks away from me . 
 i rake it up into my arms , and the puppy gives a single fearful yelp before the orbs in my hands latch to its energy field . 
 i feel an explosion of cooling ecstasy . 
 there is no knowledge to this , only instinct . 
 my body greedily soaks up the animal 's energy . 
 the little dog trembles just as ryan trembled earlier this night . 
 the glow around its body dims and wavers and then vanishes like a candle snuffed . 
 my mind is lost , drowned in the pleasure that is all too quickly vanquished . 
 i let the limp body fall out of my arms . 
 there is more energy in the room . 
 the hunger is already kindling inside of me , growing louder . 
 i look up and see a boy in a ball cap . 
 he holds a gun at his side . 
 he is distracted . 
 his eyes are on the dead puppy . 
 i suddenly know that i am faster than him . 
 i could leap off the bed and connect to his energy before he could get off a shot . 
 my muscles tense . 
 there is another man . 
 he has a gun too . 
 he is not distracted . 
 tarren is his name . 
 and the other one is gabe . 
 i am hit by the realization of just how much i want to kill them and how little i care about the bullet i would earn for the attempt . 
 what would ryan think of me ? 
 vanilla . 
 `` the cuffs , '' i moan . 
 `` now , nownownow . '' 
 i put my arms behind my back , try to close up my hands . 
 the skin is stubborn , peeling back again as soon as tarren steps behind me . 
 `` she 's got it , '' gabe says under his breath even as he lifts his gun . 
 `` she 's got it . 
 she 's got it . '' 
 tarren 's fingers are deft . 
 a new set of ties whips around my torn wrists , and he pulls them tight into the wounds . 
 he backs away , and gabe lets out a heavy huff of breath . 
 i fall back against the bed , moaning as the need rises and breaks over me . 
 the animal inside me is so much stronger than my fragile self . 
 it lashes out , and i strain against the cuffs , groaning and writhing on the bed . 
 the two brothers watch me in silence . 
 eventually -- and it probably is n't so long , really -- i am lying on my side panting . 
 the sheets are twisted and smeared with blood from the oozing wounds on my wrists . 
 `` it 'll get easier , '' gabe says as i tumble into an exhausted sleep . 
 chapter 9 the nearness of energy breaks my sleep and sets my heart beating hard . 
 a face peers into mine , and for a blissful moment i do n't recognize it . 
 i wonder at the strange glow around his features , about the swell of haunting music in my head and why my hands seem to be splitting open without any conscious effort . 
 then i remember . 
 `` hey , '' gabe says , `` i know you 're tired , but i want to show you something . '' 
 his voice is too loud , even though he 's whispering . 
 strange smells cloud the room , and something is buzzing loud as a swarm of bees . 
 i look over to the table and realize it 's just the hum of a laptop . 
 i try to rub my eyes and instead send flares of pain through my wrists as i tug against the cuffs . 
 gabe pulls the blanket off of my shoulders and helps me stand up , one hand under my elbow , the other against my back . 
 `` how you feeling ? '' 
 i think about the question , and then i stop thinking . 
 `` i need the bathroom . '' 
 `` ha , '' he replies , `` not going to be easy with those handcuffs . '' 
 `` then take them off . '' 
 tarren is not in the room . 
 the hunger is . 
 i am aware of gabe 's fingers on my bare skin ; the pulse of his energy in the space between us . 
 gabe hesitates . 
 he looks tired and too young for the things in his eyes . 
 i search for a resemblance , something in his face that might be mine as well . 
 not that i believe him . 
 gabe is a head taller than me and thin as a coat rack . 
 his long limbs are trapped in a baggy t-shirt and worn jeans . 
 his hair , the same golden-brown color of his eyes , is still managed by the backwards hat and spills out thick and wavy to his ears . 
 we stare at each other . 
 he smiles like he ca n't help it . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i do n't know , it 's just ... it 's you . '' 
 gabe laughs and shakes his head . 
 `` it 's you , '' he repeats as if this will clear things right up . 
 his laugh is warm and inviting , somehow untouched by the sheer catastrophe of the situation at hand . 
 we most definitely do not look alike at all except for a similar point to our chins . 
 lots of people have pointy chins . 
 `` i really need to go to the bathroom , '' i say . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you . 
 i just have to pee , and i 'd like to take a shower . '' 
 this may be a lie . 
 i 'm not sure yet . 
 gabe considers this . 
 shades of lavender blush within the cloud of color around his body . 
 he says , `` i know what tarren thinks , but he 's wrong . 
 i hated to see you in these things . '' 
 he pulls out a pocket knife and cuts through the cuffs . 
 all the nerves in my arms are numb and then , suddenly , spiky and electric . 
 i tuck my hands protectively into my body . 
 `` do n't take too long , or we 'll miss it . 
 oh ! '' 
 the smile jumps right back onto gabe 's face as if it was only taking a breather in the wings . 
 `` i have something for you . '' 
 gabe reaches for a bag on the floor . 
 `` there was a comic book shop next to the pet store . 
 should 've seen the poor excuse for a lock they had on the door . 
 anyway , i , uh , i got you a shirt . 
 tarren is picking up some other things for you , but this 'll do for now . 
 what do you think of battlestar galactica ? '' 
 he pulls a gray t-shirt from the bag with the words `` frak you '' imprinted on the front . 
 ryan sometimes talked about the show with his nerdy friends . 
 i cry in the shower . 
 deep , rib-bruising cries . 
 i ca n't stand up , so i sit on my knees while the water soaks my fevered skin . 
 my body is sore all the way into my bones and joints , and i worry that my skin might split open at the slightest pressure . 
 my wrists are torn up , but i do n't know how bad . 
 i ca n't look at my hands right now . 
 i just ca n't . 
 my blood and dried vomit pigment the water then wash down the drain . 
 and then there 's my mother , karen . 
 what if she does n't have her inhaler when she gets the news that i 'm missing ? 
 what if she mixes up her anti-anxiety pills with her sleeping pills again ? 
 what if the stress gives her another ulcer ? 
 i threw away the medical encyclopedia , but she 's found out about webmd , so now there 's no stopping her . 
 henry , my father , is n't strong enough to keep karen under control . 
 he 'll just work more . 
 there 's a good chance he wo n't even care that much . 
 and even though i do n't want to do it , i lift my hands up from the tub and trace the new seams xing across my palms . 
 they 're almost invisible , except i know they 're there . 
 the skin kisses together like colorless lips , and i push my finger through the slit , wondrous at the heat and pain and wetness inside . 
 and yes , i am freaking out , but i can hardly manage more than a low moan and a couple of sparse tears . 
 non sum quails eram . 
 i am something different now . 
 something inhuman , and i ca n't explain what it feels like to not be the thing you always were . 
 to hear hunger as a song no one else can hear ; a song that racks your body and entices you to kill . 
 i am half convinced this is all a dream , except the hunger is too loud for sleep . 
 after the shower , i stand naked in front of the bathroom mirror exploring my pale body for any telltale spikes or horns or other indications of what i am . 
 i see a thin girl with honey colored hair turned dark with water . 
 flat stomach , patchy legs , foolish purple bangs . 
 a new musculature hints beneath my skin . 
 the eyes are different too . 
 ryan always accused me of being overdramatic -- of seeing things that were n't there . 
 maybe , but i look into my own eyes and i see ruin . 
 the shirt is too large . 
 it swallows my body , and the sleeves settle into the crooks of my elbows . 
 `` come on , '' gabe says as soon as i open the door . 
 he hands me a bottle of water , and i did n't know i was thirsty , but i am . 
 incredibly so . 
 i guzzle the water as we exit the room . 
 * * * we sit on the roof of the motel swinging our legs over the side . 
 i look past the parking lot , the blinking traffic lights and the mcdonalds across the street , trying to find something worth noticing in the gray dawn . 
 the air is chilled but warming , and the birds are waking up . 
 i can see so much farther then i 'm supposed to ; can read the license plate of the battered truck puttering into the mcdonald 's drive thru . 
 i realize i do n't know where we are . 
 still in connecticut ? 
 i sniff the air and receive a heavy bouquet of scents i can not place . 
 the noises -- traffic , birds beating their wings overhead , the mcdonald 's drive thru speaker crackling -- all blur and blend and beat at me like a thousand fists knocking upon a door out of unison . 
 `` wait for it , '' gabe says . 
 he is leaning back on his elbows . 
 i try to push away the discordant stimuli , but this only increases my awareness of gabe 's energy next to me . 
 i could reach over , snatch away that vibrant blue . 
 instead , i study his hat . 
 the thing might have been white some decades ago . 
 the rim is frayed . 
 the symbol on the crest is worn away , almost unintelligible . 
 it looks like a salmon-colored s with a green triangle over it . 
 `` the boy i was with last night , '' i say and ca n't finish . 
 gabe looks up at me . 
 `` it 's a lot to take in . 
 we do n't have to talk about it now . '' 
 `` what am i ? 
 what did that man do to me ? 
 i killed a puppy yesterday . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 gabe sits up and scratches his cap . 
 `` the kid you were with . 
 boyfriend ? '' 
 i nod . 
 gabe looks away into the distance . 
 `` he 's dead . 
 i checked for a pulse . 
 the angel was trying to take you . 
 your boyfriend got in the way . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i wait a while for this to set in . 
 ryan is gone . 
 avalon is gone . 
 happiness is gone . 
 but i am here . 
 not me , monster me is here . 
 curved-horns-puppy-devouring me is sitting on this roof thinking about jumping off because i 'm too scared and too tired to come up with an option better than concrete blood art . 
 `` why ... '' i take a breath . 
 my voice is coming back . 
 `` why did you call him an angel ? '' 
 gabe looks at me then away quickly . 
 his hands fiddle with nothing . 
 `` that 's what they call themselves . 
 big egos . 
 way big . '' 
 he licks his chapped lips . 
 `` you see , angels are n't exactly the precious moments figurines society likes to think . 
 in the bible , angels are god 's warriors . 
 they smite his enemies . 
 lots of times they disguise themselves as humans , but they 're something else . 
 terrible and strong . 
 super humans . 
 that 's what these angels are too , but they 're not working for any god . '' 
 `` where did they come from ? 
 outer space ? '' 
 i 'm not sure if this is a joke until gabe laughs . 
 `` nah , it 's all science . 
 evil genius , frankenstein science , and ... '' he stops and looks at me . 
 `` you know , it 's kind of our policy to never talk about this . '' 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` it 'll sound crazy . '' 
 i am pushing my palms flat against the concrete roof . 
 hard . 
 keeping them there , because what i really want to do is latch onto gabe 's energy field or aura or whatever it is and drain him . 
 `` i 'll keep an open mind , '' would have been a clever thing to say . 
 what i manage is , `` just tell me . '' 
 gabe keeps staring at me . 
 i ca n't imagine what i must look like right now , but evidently it evokes enough pity that he says , `` gary cook . 
 he created the angels . 
 he was a scientist . '' 
 `` what , like a mad scientist ? '' 
 `` no , not at all . 
 the opposite , actually . '' 
 his eyes come up to meet mine , and there is no humor in them . 
 `` you know how they say the road to hell is paved with good intentions ? '' 
 he says softly . 
 `` gary cook was the poster child for good intentions gone bad . 
 thing is , he looked at this world and saw all the heaps of suffering everyone was going through . 
 the hunger , the sickness , the petty violence , and he decided to do something about it . '' 
 `` by mixing up monsters in his lab ? '' 
 `` he came up with this idea . 
 pretty damned brazen actually . '' 
 gabe takes in a swill of breath and lets it out long and slow like he needs some time to figure his next words . 
 `` dr. cook decided to make angels . '' 
 he ca n't actually be serious ... except that he is . 
 `` that 's where he got his inspiration . 
 he wanted to turn men into angels . '' 
 i stare . 
 gabe just shrugs . 
 `` dude was a little whacked in the head , but he believed it was possible to ... '' gabe searches for the word , `` reengineer the human body . 
 he theorized that humans could be made stronger and faster with keener senses -- that anything was possible . 
 maybe even human flight . '' 
 `` oh , '' i say . 
 `` the man . 
 last night . 
 we flew . '' 
 gabe turns his head to look at me . 
 `` you 're taking this a little too well . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not . 
 you just do n't know me . '' 
 i 've begun to barricade my emotions behind a mental door with ruthless efficiency . 
 i am still considering letting myself slip off the roof , but first i want to know what happened to me . 
 i need to understand what i am and how i might go about killing the man who did this to me . 
 i 'm sorry ryan . 
 revenge would surely be beneath you , but not me . 
 revenge is the weak soul 's justice , and i am beginning to learn just how weak i can be . 
 `` cook 's theory revolved around energy transference , '' gabe continues . 
 `` he believed that the human body contained a vast untapped potential for strength , intelligence and power . '' 
 i tuck my hands into my body and pick at the torn skin around my wrists . 
 i thrill at the sparks of pain when my nails press into the gashes . 
 little bits of dried blood fall into the apron of my shirt . 
 `` tarren understands the science of it a lot better than me , but the thing is , humans ca n't get energy directly . 
 think of the way plants can just suck it up right from the sun . 
 we get our energy by eating the plants or the animals that eat the plants . 
 it 's really inefficient . 
 each link is farther away from the direct energy source , which means there 's a huge loss of energy . 
 cook was after a way to cut out all the middle steps so that humans could absorb energy directly from the sun . 
 he thought that such pure energy would allow humans to reach their full physical potential . 
 it 'd be like steroids times a hundred , except not only for muscles . 
 for your senses . 
 for your memory . 
 for your mind . '' 
 `` but ... why ? '' 
 my voice cracks . 
 `` to save us from ourselves , '' gabe shrugs . 
 `` cook envisioned a world where everyone fed directly off the energy of the sun . 
 think about it -- no more hunger . 
 no more fighting over resources . 
 the superhuman part , i guess i can see it . 
 if everyone was strong and smart and there was n't disease and stuff , maybe we could fix our other problems . '' 
 a lonely little smile plays across his lips . 
 `` maybe dr. cook believed he could fix human nature by making us all something better than humans . '' 
 `` no one can actually be that naïve . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' gabe sits up and braces his hands behind him . 
 `` have n't you ever wanted to create a better world ? '' 
 i have absolutely no idea how to respond to this . 
 i mean i do , but i do n't think suddenly imploding into manic , tortured laughter would be very pleasant for either of us . 
 luckily , i get distracted by my body going crazy . 
 chapter 10 `` gabe , '' i say to get his attention . 
 some additional weirdness is definitely happening to me . 
 my skin tingles , and my hands peel back and grow hot . 
 i turn them over and watch the veiny pink orbs lift to the surface of my palms . 
 out in the distance , the sun has just cleared the horizon . 
 sunlight crawls up my knees and flows across my hands . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the song quiets , and i feel the deep fog of exhaustion begin to lift from my mind . 
 my senses sharpen . 
 i gaze through the tinted windows of a squat building three streets down . 
 a woman runs a vacuum roughly over the carpet , and i can make out gaudy rings on her fingers and large silver hoop earrings swaying from each earlobe . 
 i can hear an old man 's wavering voice order an egg mcmuffin at the mcdonald 's drive thru . 
 the song has grown softer , and when i turn to gabe and see again the glow of energy about him , i feel more confident that i will not give in and snatch away his life . 
 `` you 're taking energy from the sun , just like cook theorized . 
 it 's feeding you , '' gabe says . 
 he holds his hand out into the light . 
 `` but i 'm still ... i mean , it 's still inside me . '' 
 `` the hunger ? '' 
 gabe drops his hand . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 cook got close , but not close enough . 
 guy was a distinguished university professor . 
 he got his own lab and did a lot of legit stuff that the university knew about . 
 published papers , gave lectures , that sort of thing , but his true obsession was creating angels . 
 for decades he worked on his project in secret . 
 eventually , he got funding from a very powerful man named robert thane . '' 
 `` thane ? 
 that sounds familiar . '' 
 `` he owned casinos in vegas a couple of decades ago , '' gabe replies . 
 `` he was a very wealthy and very brutal man . 
 one bad hombre . '' 
 `` oh yeah . '' 
 i say . 
 `` he was assassinated . 
 his flat was torn up . 
 they still do n't know who did it . 
 it 's , like , a huge unsolved mystery . '' 
 a bright streak of orange flowers and dies in gabe 's aura . 
 the quick change in color rivets my eyes , sets little shivers vibrating down my spine . 
 gabe is n't looking at me . 
 he pulls at a thread on his shirtsleeve . 
 `` yeah , '' he says finally . 
 `` thane did n't fund dr. cook alone . 
 he gathered together a group of high rollers , business magnates , politicians , mob bosses and the like . 
 these were powerful men and women who thrived on success and competition . 
 they wanted to rule the world . '' 
 `` okay , stop . '' 
 i lean back on my hands , because those bulbs just need to go away for a while . 
 `` you 're talking secret society with cowls and skull goblets and stuff ? '' 
 i feel my chest tightening up , and i push back , hard . 
 no more tears . 
 no more anything until i figure something out . 
 this whole thing is already beginning to feel somehow unwinnable . 
 `` you do n't have to believe me maya . 
 i should n't even be telling you all this . 
 i think you should just relax today and ... '' `` no . 
 keep going . '' 
 gabe sighs and squints into the sun . 
 below , the smell of coffee curdles my stomach . 
 i usually drink it every morning . 
 `` okay , so we 've got the super evil club , '' gabe continues . 
 `` not exactly everyone sitting around a table petting fat white cats and planning dastardly deeds , but close enough . 
 these guys were basically arrogant pricks . 
 rich as hell and bored of buying all the crap they could ever want . 
 they decided to search for a way to become even more powerful . 
 what they found was dr. cook . 
 he was the key . '' 
 `` how did you even learn all of this ? '' 
 i break in . 
 `` what exactly is it that you and your brother do ? '' 
 `` hold on , i 'll get there , '' gabe grins at me . 
 i hear a door opening and closing below us , feel a familiar energy . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 gabe notices my frown . 
 `` tarren is coming , '' i say . 
 i can feel his energy rushing up the stairs . 
 my muscles clench . 
 `` he 's angry . '' 
 `` he 's always angry , '' gabe sighs . 
 he squares his shoulders as the door to the roof bursts open . 
 chapter 11 tarren has his gun drawn , and the breath tears in and out of his body . 
 i am fascinated by the energy -- sky blue , almost white -- leaping off his body like flames devouring dust dry kindling . 
 `` get away from him , '' tarren growls . 
 my body responds to the bright , dancing light , and i am drawn toward him even as i fight against the instinct . 
 `` i said move ! '' 
 his words finally penetrate , and i quickly scoot away from gabe . 
 `` more , '' tarren orders , `` out of arm 's reach . '' 
 `` come on , '' gabe says . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 tarren lowers his gun . 
 his heart is jumping so quick , i can see the veins pulsing at his temples . 
 i have to turn away and wrap my arms around my waist . 
 `` what the hell were you thinking ? '' 
 tarren starts . 
 `` the room was empty . 
 the cuffs were on the floor . 
 i thought ... '' `` i wanted to take her out into the sun . '' 
 gabe stands up and thrusts back his shoulders . 
 `` everything is fine . 
 i can take care of myself . 
 honest . 
 even changed my own diaper this morning . '' 
 `` she 's infected gabe . 
 you 're too blind to recognize what she is . 
 dear little sis could have latched onto you and killed you . 
 she 's in the cuffs until we figure this thing out . '' 
 `` her wrists are all torn up . 
 she was in pain . '' 
 `` i do n't give a damn about her wrists . '' 
 `` i did n't hurt him , '' i say . 
 tarren looks at me . 
 his eyes have turned gunmetal gray just like mine do when i 'm furious . 
 `` not yet , '' he says quietly , `` but you ca n't help what you are . '' 
 gabe 's aura rears up . 
 `` for fuck 's sake ! '' 
 he yells . 
 `` in case you 've been too busy worrying about every known thing in the universe , the girl 's just had her entire life destroyed . 
 how about we stop waving guns in her face and treating her like ... well , she 's not an angel . 
 she 's not ! '' 
 the hunger is flooding my mind , and i strain to hold onto my senses . 
 hot hands . 
 i keep the skin down over my palms , but i can feel those bulbs pushing against the seams . 
 my nails dig into my wrists , and the pain keeps me anchored . 
 blood drips between my fingers . 
 `` we need to think about this . '' 
 tarren 's voice is careful . 
 `` you ca n't let your emotions ... '' `` i 'm so sick of ... '' gabe bites back his next words . 
 `` forget it . '' 
 somehow this is funny . 
 my mind is little jagged puzzle pieces all falling apart . 
 the pull of energy makes words hard to string together . 
 tarren is mad and gabe is mad , and monster maya is mad , mad , mad and hungry too . 
 she thinks the sun is playing a trick on her and a swan dive might be fun and maybe ryan is somewhere waiting in a place with no songs , no sounds . 
 the boys glower at each other . 
 their jaws are set almost identically . 
 tarren is half a head taller , packed with wiry muscle . 
 his face is all sharp bones , strong chin and cruel smiling scar . 
 gabe 's cheeks are flushed , and his blunt dashes of eyebrows tilt toward each other sharing secrets . 
 `` gloves , '' i say . 
 they both turn to me . 
 `` i 'll wear gloves . 
 that way you 'll have some warning if i decide to kill you both . '' 
 silence , then gabe 's eyebrows part ways . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 he cries , `` she 's got a sense of humor . 
 thank god ! 
 i need all the help i can get . '' 
 he smiles at me , and i smile back . 
 tarren 's frown furrows deeper into the corners of his mouth . 
 this is the moment i decide that i will run away . 
 tonight . 
 no matter what . 
 chapter 12 gabe tells me that we 're going home . 
 home is farewell , colorado , just outside of pueblo . 
 we sit in tarren 's silver murano and wait for him to finish wiping down the motel room . 
 gabe is in the passenger seat , scrolling through police blotters on his laptop . 
 in the backseat , i tug against my handcuffs and enjoy the sparks of pain that alight as the plastic presses against the open wounds . 
 in an unspoken compromise , tarren cuffed my hands in front of me . 
 i bring my knees to my chest , loop my arms over them . 
 i like this position , feeling that i am as small and unobtrusive as i can be . 
 my mind is starting to go crazy again . 
 i see ryan fall , hear the last pained hiccups dry on his lips . 
 chapped lips . 
 warm lips filled with electricity . 
 `` you did n't finish your story , '' i say to gabe . 
 he looks up , clicks off his window . 
 his computer wallpaper features keira knightley dressed in a strange leather halter top and leggings with a sword strapped to her thin waist . 
 `` i want to hear the rest , '' i say . 
 he sighs , closes the lid of his computer . 
 `` yeah . 
 sure . 
 where was i ? '' 
 `` the super evil club , '' i say and then effortlessly pluck his exact words from my memory . 
 `` rich as hell and bored of buying all the crap they could ever want . 
 they decided to search for a way to become even more powerful . 
 what they found was dr. cook . 
 he was the key . '' 
 the smile drops off of gabe 's face . 
 there 's some sort of conflict going on in his mind . 
 i see it in the shifting ribbons of color in his aura . 
 `` good memory , '' he says at last and reaches forward to switch the air on high . 
 `` thane and his group financed dr. cook 's work . 
 you have to understand that to cook the whole thing was about advancing the human race and stamping out hunger . 
 he was your average oblivious scientist . 
 he did n't realize thane 's motives . 
 not until it was too late . '' 
 `` of course , '' i say . 
 `` yeah , '' gabe goes on . 
 `` for a long time , cook came up with nada . 
 all he had to show for years of work were violent lab rats with serious cases of radiation poisoning . 
 i mean , he spent a lifetime on this thing . 
 dabbled in biology , chemistry , radiation and mutations , even genetics , which was still a very new frontier back then . 
 eventually , he made a breakthrough . 
 this was twenty-five years ago . 
 dr. cook was growing old , and thane was getting impatient . 
 he did n't want to wait for all the proper testing and convinced dr. cook to hand over the formula . 
 thane 's son , grand , was the first angel . 
 once thane saw the results , he infected himself and his two other children . 
 the other financial backers were next . '' 
 gabe stops . 
 his energy begins to churn faster around his body . 
 i 'm not sure what this means . 
 i press my palms harder into my knee caps . 
 `` keep going , '' i tell him . 
 he takes a deep breath and then continues . 
 `` the formula worked . 
 the people who took it changed . 
 they could n't digest real food anymore ; could only drink purified water . 
 their hearing got better . 
 so did their sight and sense of smell . 
 they ran faster . 
 lifted more weight . 
 became incredibly agile . 
 could memorize whole books in an afternoon . '' 
 gabe 's voice wavers , but he catches himself , picks it back up . 
 `` it was all dr. cook had dreamed of , except for one thing . '' 
 `` the hunger . '' 
 `` the hunger , '' gabe nods . 
 `` the angels were able to absorb energy from the sun just like you 're doing now , but it was n't enough . 
 they needed more , and the hunger was overwhelming . 
 they soon learned that they could absorb concentrated amounts of energy directly from living creatures : puppies , kittens , ferrets , elephants even . 
 they needed to feed constantly , and the more they fed , the stronger they became . 
 many of the angels even developed incredible abilities just like dr. cook predicated , including flight . 
 but it all demanded a constant supply of energy . 
 the angels all eventually turned to feeding on humans . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 gabe takes off his cap , massages the inside rim with his thumbs . 
 the air from the vents catches in his hair and sends the smell of his sweat and shampoo throughout the car . 
 `` humans offer huge caches of energy , and they 're easy to obtain . '' 
 `` wait . 
 if these are really rich guys , ca n't they develop secret puppy mills or buy elephants or something ? '' 
 `` they can , but there 's something else . '' 
 gabe lays his head back against the headrest . 
 `` control . 
 the hunger is overwhelming , and humans are the easiest targets . 
 some angels have learned to control the hunger better than others . 
 a lot of them do n't care . 
 but even the ones who try to control themselves will slip occasionally . 
 they ca n't fight it forever , and with your food walking all around you every day , you 're bound to snap ... well , i mean , not you you . 
 i meant the others . 
 the full angels . 
 you 're different . '' 
 `` you hope , '' i say quietly . 
 `` it 's not fair . '' 
 gabe turns his face toward me . 
 i 'm beginning to understand his aura , how it reveals his psyche , like now when little red streaks of pain spiral through . 
 `` this should n't have happened , '' he says . 
 `` not to you . '' 
 more red . 
 `` tarren 's coming , '' i say . 
 the front door of the motel swings open , and tarren strides out . 
 striding fits his long , lean figure and the do n't mess with me expression he seems intent on permanently attaching to his face . 
 `` he wo n't hurt you , '' gabe whispers . 
 `` i wo n't let him . '' 
 tarren gets into the driver 's seat , and gabe turns his face forward . 
 we all sit there in this awkward silence for a while . 
 tarren 's aura is choppy , unnerving , tinged with red . 
 `` you sure you feel up to driving ? '' 
 gabe asks him . 
 tarren 's eyes lock on mine in the rearview mirror . 
 `` do n't make any sudden moves , '' he says . 
 `` if you need anything , just ask . '' 
 in the resulting silence , i realize that i am meant to answer . 
 it crosses my mind that no matter how nice gabe seems to be , i 'm sitting in a car with two very dangerous psychopaths . 
 i can remember in perfect detail all the blood soaking tarren 's shirt last night . 
 `` alright , '' i say and try to keep my voice steady . 
 `` seatbelts , '' gabe says . 
 tarren turns the key , and the murano wakes with a smooth hum . 
 as soon as we get onto the highway , gabe continues his story without prompting . 
 `` cook was devastated when he realized what his formula did . 
 he sought the betterment of mankind , but created monsters instead . 
 had he read his comic books , he would 've realized that this kind of backfire was practically inevitable . '' 
 tarren looks at his brother . 
 `` she wanted to know , '' gabe shrugs . 
 `` careful . '' 
 `` i 'm right here , '' i say to him . 
 those artic eyes peer at me through the rearview mirror again . 
 the silence is so heavy i could almost choke on it . 
 gabe clears his throat . 
 `` thane and the others did n't care about the hunger and killing . 
 they enjoyed it actually . 
 thane convinced them that angels were destined to become a superior race , the highest evolution of mankind . '' 
 `` the exalted , '' tarren says quietly . 
 in the passenger side mirror , i see gabe roll his eyes . 
 `` thane demanded that dr. cook give him more of the formula so he could infect select members of the elite . 
 dr. cook recognized what was happening and knew he had to destroy the thing he had dedicated his entire life to . 
 quite a kick in the balls , right ? '' 
 gabe offers a little smile , but it does n't get too far . 
 i look out the window , watch the road streaming beneath our wheels , carrying me farther and farther away from ... well , everything . 
 `` dr. cook needed help , and there was only one person he trusted , '' gabe says . 
 tarren 's aura jolts . 
 long fingers of red reach all the way through his energy . 
 my body responds , those bulbs pushing through my palms to lift up from my kneecaps . 
 i tug against my cuffs and concentrate on the pain that runs hot laps around my wrists . 
 the sunlight falls across me in bands , and this helps a little . 
 `` enter the handsome , young protégé , '' gabe is saying . 
 `` dr. cook confessed everything to an up-and-coming science professor at the university ; a man he considered to be like a son . 
 that man 's name was canton fox . 
 he was our father . 
 i mean , tarren 's and mine . '' 
 tarren 's hands tighten on the wheel , and he stares straight ahead out the windshield . 
 his body -- back , arms , neck -- is composed entirely of straight lines , like he was welded into position with no hinges . 
 gabe shrugs . 
 `` together , they destroyed all of cook 's research . 
 burned his notes , smashed his equipment and set fire to his lab . 
 but there was one more thing . 
 dr. cook knew thane would come for him , for the formula . 
 thane always had a way of getting what he wanted . 
 before cook shot himself in the head , he extracted a promise from my father . 
 cook had no one else to turn to . '' 
 gabe 's eyes go far away . 
 his words are soft . 
 `` i think about what it must have been like for my dad ; how he must have felt . 
 mom always told us that he was a good man , very brave , and funny . 
 i do n't remember him . 
 tarren does . '' 
 `` only a little , '' tarren whispers . 
 his knuckles are turning white on the steering wheel . 
 he says , `` our father promised dr. cook that he would kill all those who had taken the formula . 
 it is a promise he gave his life for . 
 a promise my brother and i carry forward . '' 
 `` that 's what we do , '' gabe says . 
 i think i finally understand . 
 `` you hunt angels . '' 
 in the mirror , gabe smiles . 
 `` yeah , '' he says and looks at his brother . 
 it 's a sad smile , heavy with purpose and pain . 
 i do n't like the way it pulls all the warmth from his face ; how tired it makes him look . 
 tarren turns his head , and i am amazed to watch their auras swell up in unison as if they were unconsciously reaching out to share each other 's burden . 
 chapter 13 we graze along the highway . 
 sun drizzles through the windows , and i drop into sleep . 
 my consciousness is confused , wandering through melting dreams and briefly surfacing when i hear voices up front . 
 i am walking through a forest , and the trees are falling down after me . 
 one by one , their heavy trunks smack the ground in thunderous explosions that send vibrations through the soles of my feet . 
 `` ... totally exhausted , '' gabe 's voice in the background . 
 `` did you see the shirt i got her ? 
 pretty sweet , huh ? '' 
 `` this is a bad idea , '' tarren says . 
 `` yeah , i kind of figured you were against the whole thing back when you were trying to shoot her . '' 
 `` gabe , this is serious . 
 there were cops all over the campus . 
 people heard her scream . 
 they 're already running pictures of her . 
 think it 's an abduction . '' 
 `` well , it kind of is . '' 
 `` someone saw you standing over the boy 's body with a gun . 
 if we get caught ... '' `` tarren , she needs us . 
 we 've got to teach her how to control the hunger , and grand will want her back . 
 we have to protect her . '' 
 `` that 's the other thing ... '' i am looking for ryan . 
 karen is with me , but she is n't helping . 
 she tells me that she has lyme disease , though i know she 's overreacting again . 
 i keep telling her that ryan is in trouble . 
 i do n't know what kind of trouble , but i have to rescue him . 
 karen does n't care . 
 she 's got an acupuncturist appointment . 
 she keeps wandering off , and i have to chase her , but i ca n't touch her or she 'll die . 
 i run up to her and beg her to come with me . 
 time is running out . 
 `` ... looks like mom a little , do n't you think ? '' 
 gabe 's voice . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` come on . 
 she does . 
 same nose , and she has this way of looking at you . 
 it 's her eyes . 
 i do n't know . 
 they get all sad and angry at the same time . 
 i swear mom had the exact same look . 
 and then , when we were on the roof , she did this sigh . '' 
 `` a lot of people sigh . '' 
 `` no , no , but it was like this super sigh , like ` the whole world is crumbling , but i have to be all strong about it ' sigh . 
 just like you . 
 she 's totally got tarren sighs . '' 
 `` come on . '' 
 `` and get this , i hacked her records , and she 's a literature major . 
 wild , huh ? '' 
 ryan is lost at sea . 
 he fell out of a boat . 
 karen has wandered off , but she gave me a bottle of her perfume . 
 she told me to spray it in the air when i get to the ocean and she will come back . 
 i am on the beach . 
 i 've lost the perfume . 
 i am looking out across the waves , knowing ryan is drowning in the depths somewhere . 
 it all suddenly seems so vast . 
 i realize that i 'll never find him . 
 i decide to build a sandcastle in ryan 's memory . 
 it will be a beautiful sandcastle that people will come from all over the world to see . 
 they will know how much i loved ryan and how much i miss him . 
 i wander the beach looking for a bucket . 
 `` ... to be careful about how much she feeds , '' tarren says . 
 `` if she takes in too much energy , she 'll lose control and be too strong to stop . 
 we have to watch her . 
 all the time . '' 
 `` yeah , and we need to find something ugly for her to kill . 
 no more puppies . '' 
 tarren sighs . 
 `` how 's this going to work ? 
 she 'll just live with us forever ? 
 we 'll become fast friends and go angel hunting together ? 
 turn our backs every time she has to raid the local zoo to get a fix ? '' 
 `` nah , she 's going to live with us for a while , '' gabe says . 
 `` you 're going to find a cure . 
 maya will be turned back to normal , but she 'll like us so much ... well , she 'll like me so much , she 'll want to stay and help . 
 we 'll all go angel hunting together and sing harmonious songs in the car or maybe play the license plate game . 
 `` we 'll kill or cure all the angels , and our life 's mission will be complete . 
 you 'll stand over mom and dad 's graves and say in an oh-so-noble voice , ` it 's finished . 
 you can rest well now . ' 
 while i 'll sweep francesca off her feet . 
 you 'll be my best man at the wedding . 
 maya will be a bridesmaid . 
 francesca and i will live next door with our passel of the world 's most beautiful children . 
 maya will write a bestselling book all about our adventures , and maybe , just maybe you 'll get yourself laid . 
 that 's how it 's going to work . '' 
 `` jesus . '' 
 chapter 14 i pick through the target shopping bag tarren has dropped in front of me . 
 there is something black and sticky tangled in the shag carpet fibers near my knee . 
 i look around this new motel room -- at the peeling wallpaper , the framed prints of hunting scenes and the rack of antlers hung between the two beds . 
 so this is missouri . 
 i am forcing myself only to think of the present , to observe without judgment . 
 all emotions must be controlled and locked away so that i can get through this minute . 
 and the next and the next after that . 
 i do n't know how i can possibly keep this up , but that 's why i 've got to stay in the present . 
 one breath at a time . 
 first , change clothes . 
 second , figure out which of the millions of questions to start with . 
 third , check the locks on the windows when tarren is n't looking . 
 `` i did n't know small or medium , so i got medium , '' tarren mutters behind me . 
 `` there 's dye and scissors in the other bag . '' 
 i pull out a pair of jeans and a flower-patterned tank top . 
 both are a size too large . 
 i lay them aside , careful to avoid the black carpet stain . 
 i pull out a pack of white cotton full coverage underwear . 
 the kind that settles just under the belly button . 
 `` this is grandma underwear , '' i whine , tossing the pack away from me . 
 tarren 's face grows cloudy . 
 `` i did n't have to get you anything at all . '' 
 `` oh ! 
 you 're right . 
 i 've been so rude . '' 
 i hold up my gloved hands . 
 dusk has settled , and without the sun 's sustenance , the song is growing loud , tightening around my bones . 
 `` it was so genteel of you to let me out of my cuffs for dinner . 
 your incredible hospitality knows no bounds . '' 
 i gather up my clothes and escape to the bathroom . 
 i sit on the toilet for a half hour , picking at my black , fingerless gloves -- maya the motorcycle bitch -- and wonder if i am truly capable of a daring escape . 
 i am . 
 tarren said people are looking for me . 
 i could make a mad dash for the front office or scream like a crazy woman . 
 my voice could carry through these thin walls . 
 but the boys have guns , and i know tarren will use his if he has to . 
 that means i have to get away from them first . 
 our motel is off the main road , but i could find my way back into town , flag down a motorist and make my way to the local police station . 
 this scenario assumes that i do n't accidentally kill the helpful motorist on the way , or the police do n't happen to notice the new slits in my hands . 
 maybe i wo n't go to the police . 
 maybe i 'll go straight home to karen and henry . 
 karen is probably in full panic attack mode right about now , inhaler cemented to her mouth . 
 henry is grimacing and trying to figure out who he can hand her off to now that i 'm not there . 
 i imagine karen 's tear-streaked face on the local news begging for my captors to bring me home . 
 she 'll probably even be wearing a t-shirt with my face on it . 
 karen in a t-shirt ? 
 no , she 'll stick with a rhinestone encrusted `` find maya '' button . 
 henry might even take a long lunch from the office to stand by her side looking stern . 
 a soft knock on the door . 
 strong , steady energy behind it . 
 `` maya ? '' 
 gabe asks . 
 i do n't answer . 
 `` whatever tarren said , he did n't mean it . 
 that whole total prick thing is just his defense mechanism . 
 he has lots of deep-seeded issues . '' 
 `` oh come on , '' tarren mutters farther back . 
 `` underneath he 's really a lovable teddy bear with an affection for guns . 
 he 's also quite fond of hugs and romantic comedies ; you probably do n't know that about him , '' gabe says . 
 `` oh , and i got us some grub . '' 
 i open the door . 
 * * * tarren receives a salad and vitamin water . 
 gabe presents himself with a cheeseburger and a can of red bull . 
 `` man food , '' he says . 
 the smell of dead meat fills the room , and i shudder . 
 `` and for you ... '' gabe reaches into the bag , `` goldfish ! 
 not exactly like you 're used to , but these are prettier than the snack . '' 
 he hands me a bowl and two large plastic bags filled with darting , colorful shapes . 
 he glances at his brother , and tarren nods in approval . 
 we sit on the floor in a semi-circle . 
 i make sure i am out of arm 's reach of both boys . 
 tarren picks carefully through his salad , while gabe bites into his burger and moans with pleasure . 
 i 've already downed the two bottles of water gabe set in front of me . 
 my thirst seems to have no limit . 
 now , i let my hand rest in the bowl of water until the fish forget the intrusion . 
 in a swift motion , i snatch up a wriggling body , squeeze out its energy and place the small corpse on a napkin behind me . 
 the brothers pretend not to notice , but they pause each time i pull my hand out of the water . 
 the energy of the fish hit me in small bursts , hardly substantial enough to feel even a moment 's relief . 
 it is more maddening then filling . 
 drops of rain on my parched tongue while two forbidden lakes sit before me . 
 `` gabe , '' i say , and he lifts his head , chipmunk cheeks filled with cheeseburger bits . 
 `` you said your father and dr. cook destroyed the formula , but the man who took me . 
 he used ... '' `` bone marrow transplant , '' tarren sets down his fork . 
 `` after his father was killed , grand became obsessed with recreating the formula or finding another way to infect others . '' 
 `` he raped a lot of women , '' gabe puts down the last bite of his burger . 
 `` transferred blood . 
 blasted poor bastards with radiation . 
 fed off them till they were almost dead , then brought them back , that kind of thing . 
 eventually he discovered that bone marrow injected into the spine worked . '' 
 `` to a lesser degree than the original formula , '' tarren says . 
 `` close enough . '' 
 gabe crushes the paper wrapper from his burger and throws it in the bag . 
 `` we found one of his labs awhile back . 
 it was a slaughterhouse . 
 he 's still doing it too . 
 experimenting to find an easier way . 
 the bone marrow limits him . 
 god , we 've got to kill that bastard . '' 
 `` grand is incredibly smart , incredibly rich and incredibly viscous , '' tarren says . 
 `` that 's what makes him the most dangerous one of them all . '' 
 his energy pulses a deep crimson , the color of dried blood . 
 `` and he 's my father , '' i say . 
 `` he is , is n't he ? '' 
 gabe looks to tarren . 
 `` i do n't think ... '' he begins . 
 `` i 'm draining live fish for food . 
 and ... '' my mind spins and comes up empty . 
 `` and that sucks , okay . 
 so just tell me . '' 
 it 's tarren who speaks . 
 `` our father killed robert thane . 
 it took him two years to get close enough . 
 you do n't know how hard it is to kill an angel , especially a powerful one who feeds without restraint . 
 it was a terrible fight , but our father won . '' 
 the pride is evident in tarren 's voice and his aura . 
 this is the closest to happy i 've seen him , and it makes him handsome even with the scar . 
 `` grand was thane 's eldest son , and he wanted revenge . '' 
 tarren 's voice is somehow commanding even when he speaks softly , like now . 
 `` our parents were smart but also naïve in many ways . 
 they were still trying to live functional lives during the day . 
 grand had too many connections . 
 too much money . 
 he found them , eventually . '' 
 `` she does n't need to know the details , '' gabe says roughly . 
 there are two fish left in the bowl . 
 they seem unconcerned about the loss of their companions or what it could portend for their own chances of survival . 
 their orange bodies make quick laps around the bowl with thoughtless determination . 
 they do not have the capacity for happiness or sadness . 
 not fear either . 
 not hate . 
 not the strange sinking sickness when you learn your father does n't fit any of the childhood roles you 've dreamed up for him . 
 not even the worst ones . 
 `` grand raped our mother and killed our father , '' tarren continues in a flat , disengaged voice . 
 `` slowly . 
 he meant to take our mother back to one of his labs as an experiment , but she ... escaped . '' 
 `` she set the house on fire , '' gabe says and laughs suddenly . 
 `` grand had no idea what she was capable of . 
 how deep the fight went inside her . 
 we were in daycare . 
 she picked us up and fled . '' 
 `` our parents had a contingency plan in place , naturally , '' tarren adds . 
 `` we hid for a long time , '' gabe says . 
 `` i do n't remember it . 
 i was only two , but she told me about it later . 
 how afraid she was . '' 
 `` what was her name ? '' 
 i rasp . 
 `` diana , '' tarren says . 
 `` she died six years ago . 
 cancer . '' 
 i stare at his nose -- a long straight bridge , round and pronounced at the tip . 
 it looks too big and cumbersome on me , but it fits tarren 's face perfectly . 
 i hate that about him , the truth it conveys of our shared parentage . 
 i hate everything right now . 
 especially these stupid fish not knowing that i 'm going to kill them . 
 especially my stupid mouth that suddenly opens and lets my whole world spill out . 
 `` my parents , karen and henry , they never hid the fact that i was adopted . 
 they even did n't mind so much when i stopped calling them mom and dad , though i think it hurt karen 's feelings . 
 i was trying to rebel , sort of and ... and i always wanted to save those words , just in case ... '' my voice is shaking , because i 'm losing it . 
 really losing it , `` ... in case my real parents ... in case i found them and they wanted to take me back . 
 `` and when i was little i would make up all these stories about them . 
 how they were a king and queen and had to hide me from an evil wizard . 
 the first story i ever wrote was about them . 
 and i kept writing . 
 a hundred stories to justify why they gave me away . 
 and then ... oh shit , and then when i got older i wrote different stories . 
 i turned my parents into drug addicts . 
 or my mom was a prostitute or the high school whore who got pregnant . 
 i made up terrible things because i was so , so angry . '' 
 i really am trying to shut the hell up , but i ca n't . 
 i 've never told this to anyone . 
 not even ryan . 
 `` because they did n't want me . 
 maybe my father never even knew about me , but my mother had no excuse . 
 i hated her so much , but now i know . 
 she must have despised me ... '' and finally the words are gone , and i 'm surprised that there are no tears . 
 just a pinched throat that does n't feel like it will ever open up again to let me breathe . 
 the boys are looking at me , but i ca n't bring my head up , not with their energy so close and my nerves unhinged and my hands , damn them , heating up . 
 i keep my eyes on the oblivious fish . 
 `` no maya , it was n't that . '' 
 gabe 's voice breaks through my stupor . 
 `` mom loved you . 
 when she was sick she told me how she thought about you all the time . 
 she was so afraid when she got pregnant . 
 afraid that you would be an angel . 
 when you were born human , she told me it was the first time she smiled since the fire . 
 you gave her hope . '' 
 `` but why ... give me up ? '' 
 i can only manage a whisper . 
 `` she had her reasons , '' tarren says in that sharp , clipped voice that slams the door shut on our conversation and adds a padlock for good measure . 
 `` it 's getting late . '' 
 he gathers up the trash . 
 `` we 'll need to start out early in the morning . '' 
 gabe remains seated , and his doleful eyes catch mine and hold them . 
 in a quiet voice he says , `` mom told me that she took comfort knowing that you were out in the world living a normal life . 
 that you would never be burdened with the truth . '' 
 tarren 's face does n't betray a single twitch , but his aura jolts red . 
 he drops the trash into the bin . 
 i look back at gabe . 
 `` until now , '' i say to him . 
 i snatch a fish out of the water and suck its life away . 
 one left . 
 i dip my hand into the bowl . 
 chapter 15 the brothers argue in whispers while i am in the bathroom using a finger to rub toothpaste onto my teeth . 
 i leave the faucet running and lean against the door to listen . 
 the subject under heated discussion is the need for a night watch . 
 the intended object of the watch is , of course , me . 
 tarren opines that i should be kept under strict guard . 
 i 'm emotional , unpredictable and dangerous . 
 gabe disagrees , noting that i seem to be taking the whole thing in stride . 
 he votes in favor of a full night 's sleep on account that neither of them has slept in the past two days . 
 gabe is called irresponsible . 
 tarren is called a prick . 
 neither seems offended by his moniker . 
 a compromise is reached . 
 when i exit the bathroom , my wrists are cuffed behind my back with apologies from gabe and a nod from tarren . 
 despite gabe 's protests , tarren takes the floor with an extra pillow and blanket while gabe and i each slip into a bed . 
 both brothers put their guns under their pillow . 
 tarren stays fully dressed . 
 gabe kicks off his shoes and throws his jeans on the floor . 
 the lights go out . 
 i wait . 
 gabe falls asleep quickly . 
 i watch the movement of his energy slow and even out . 
 the light around his body dims to a soft , round glow , and his breath comes out in rhythmic whooshes against the pillow . 
 i cast my gaze to the floor and watch tarren 's energy spike up and down , moving in jerky circles and webbed with scarlet . 
 again and again his energy field begins to smooth down , then jumps high . 
 each time , his heart beat rises to a quick gallop . 
 nightmares ? 
 he seems so remorseless in the daylight . 
 i wait . 
 my mind is numb and empty . 
 the darkness seems to vibrate , and as i lay in my bed , i mentally explore my new body . 
 it is entirely different from the thing i once resided within . 
 the darkness is like a semi-sheer curtain that shades the room but can not hide its contents . 
 i can see gabe 's laptop sitting on the table and the ridges on the lamp 's twist dial . 
 i can smell the lingering whiffs of salad dressing and burger . 
 even the boys each have their own unique scent . 
 a new latent energy coils inside my muscles . 
 i wonder what i can do with it . 
 through the walls , i catch faint throbs of energy from the other motel patrons . 
 i can tell who is awake and who is not . 
 if they are having sex or watching tv . 
 in the closest rooms , i can even hear the late night comedians gearing up their monologs . 
 the sheer volume of new information is difficult to parse and process . 
 i struggle to filter it into a coherent message . 
 and the hunger is peaking again . 
 i could n't possibly sleep even if i wanted to . 
 not with their auras glowing so blatantly bright . 
 not when my hands are growing hot , and i must make a mental effort to keep the skin on my palms from rolling back . 
 tarren falls into a light sleep . 
 his energy never entirely evens out , but the jumps are smaller and do not wake him . 
 i take my time with the handcuffs , giving them long concentrated pulls . 
 my wrists ache . 
 i can feel blood soaking through the bandages . 
 i pull harder . 
 the plastic strains . 
 my muscles strain . 
 the blood flows . 
 my teeth grind against each other . 
 i wo n't give up , ca n't give up . 
 i keep thinking that just maybe ryan is n't dead . 
 maybe everything they 've told me is a lie . 
 about being my brothers . 
 about grand raping my mother . 
 what if they 're really the bad guys ? 
 it happens in movies all the time , and have n't the last two days just been one crazy b horror movie with inept actors trying too hard ? 
 the cuffs snap . 
 tarren flinches and mumbles something incoherent . 
 i keep still , forcing my breathing to remain low and even . 
 he drops back into sleep . 
 it is amazing he ca n't hear the wild beating of my heart . 
 it fills the entire room . 
 i draw back the covers and step out of the bed . 
 i 'm wearing a matching peach tank top and cotton capri pants with yellow hearts around the hems . 
 i step over tarren on dainty feet . 
 he does n't stir . 
 i pull the lock back slowly on the window and catch it behind my hand . 
 my muscles are all clenching hard to my bones . 
 this is probably a bad idea . 
 i ca n't really go back , i know that . 
 ryan is n't waiting for me . 
 doctors ca n't stitch up these new tears in my hands . 
 tarren might be working on a cure , but tarren also wants to kill me . 
 he and his brother spend their days running around murdering people . 
 i will go out into the night , and i will run . 
 i do n't care what happens after that . 
 i tug on the glass panel , and it slides open with a squeal of protest . 
 tarren raises his head and blinks . 
 our eyes meet . 
 in the second it takes his tired mind to realize what 's happening , i leap through the window . 
 land . 
 run . 
 chapter 16 the humid night air moves grudgingly into my lungs as i tear through the empty back roads of this town and cut into a wooded field . 
 i can hear the faint hiss of the highway in the distance . 
 this feels like flying . 
 my strides are long and graceful , and i feel , really feel my new body in motion . 
 i am giddy with fear . 
 this is some kind of mix between dreaming and reality . 
 the song is playing , always playing , but now it seems to be encouraging me . 
 i feel strong . 
 i pause , pulling air into my lungs and try to regain my bearings . 
 the night is dark , but my eyes cut right through it . 
 i 've run at least a couple of miles , and the highway is close . 
 `` do n't move . '' 
 tarren comes up behind me , gun leveled . 
 he is gasping for breath , trying to hide it . 
 his long-sleeved shirt is soaked with sweat and clinging to his body . 
 he is spent ; i can see it in the wavering energy field that hugs close to his body . 
 the pained scarlet is more prominent . 
 `` you 're coming back . 
 now , '' he says , but his words melt away in the glow of his energy . 
 i know that i could outrun him , but suddenly i do n't want to . 
 the run has drained me ; i need fuel . 
 `` you wo n't shoot me , '' i say . 
 `` you promised gabe . '' 
 `` gabe is n't here , '' tarren replies . 
 `` on your mother 's grave , '' and this is becoming fun . 
 he 's trapped , but he does n't know it yet . 
 something dark and cruel is uncurling inside of me . 
 i want to break his calm . 
 i want to see him afraid . 
 `` but she is n't here either is she ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` do n't you dare ... '' he whispers . 
 i take a step closer . 
 `` does it comfort you to think she 's in heaven watching out for you and your little brother ? 
 keeps you going , huh ? 
 she 's not anywhere tarren . 
 or your father . 
 they 're both worm shit rotting in ... '' `` shut up ! '' 
 his face is taunt with rage , and that 's how i win . 
 i leap . 
 he fires . 
 his concentration is off , and he is a second too slow . 
 a second is an achingly long time . 
 the bullet hisses by my left ear just as my knee catches his shoulder . 
 we hit the ground together . 
 the gun skitters away . 
 tarren lands on his back , me on top of him . 
 i hear the air kick out of his lungs , see the scarlet pulse around his body . 
 he twists under me , gasping for breath and throwing a protective arm over his ribs . 
 now i know where he 's injured . 
 i put my hands on his chest and slam him back , hard into the ground . 
 he shudders in pain and lays stunned , red crackling all around him . 
 `` i know what you are , '' tarren rasps . 
 `` go ahead . 
 prove it . '' 
 there is a strange glint of relief in his face . 
 he closes his eyes and waits , and the shame comes like a sudden rain soaking right through me . 
 i feel sodden with it . 
 cold . 
 ryan , hiding in the trees , shakes his head , and i see myself as i must look to him in this moment ; the precipice i am traipsing . 
 i fight against the hunger , but it 's like trying to push away a tidal wave . 
 tarren opens his eyes . 
 `` do it , '' he says . 
 it almost sounds like a plea . 
 `` i am in control , '' i tell him through gritted teeth . 
 this is where i should finish with a noble speech about inner strength and the power of belief , but i ca n't think of anything more . 
 i 'm too damn hungry , and this is n't a b horror flick after all . 
 i stand up and take a wobbly step away . 
 tarren struggles up to his elbow , panting in pain . 
 i turn away from him , toward the highway . 
 `` do n't follow me . '' 
 `` maya wait ! '' 
 gabe stumbles out into the field still wearing his t-shirt and striped boxers . 
 `` oh god , do n't ... go yet . 
 just ... give me ... a second . '' 
 he leans over and gasps for breath . 
 his bare feet are dirty and bleeding . 
 `` maya , do n't go . '' 
 gabe straightens up , and the moon catches his flushed face and tousled hair . 
 `` if you go back it 'll be all over the news . 
 grand will come for you . 
 he 'll turn you into an angel . 
 you think it 's hard to control the hunger now ? 
 if you turn , it 'll be impossible . 
 you 'll kill people . 
 men , women , children . '' 
 `` how do i know you 're telling the truth ? 
 how do i know any of this is real at all ? '' 
 i shout back at him . 
 ryan , ryan , ryan , if only i could leap into the ocean and wash up on the shores of avalon . 
 `` mom knew that if grand ever found out about you he would stop at nothing to find you and infect you just like his father infected him , '' gabe says . 
 `` that 's why she gave you away , to protect you . 
 she never blamed you for who your father was or how you were conceived . 
 you were innocent . 
 she knew that , and we know that . '' 
 `` i want to go home . '' 
 `` you ca n't , '' tarren says , sitting up with a wince . 
 gabe gives him a look , and the hysteria that has been bubbling beneath the surface of my mind suddenly erupts like a geyser . 
 `` this is crazy . 
 this is insane , '' my voice squeaks . 
 `` you two are ... and especially you , '' i huff at tarren , `` and i 'm ... . 
 , '' i look at gabe helplessly . 
 the words fall from my lips like haunted things . 
 `` i do n't know what i am . '' 
 gabe does n't hesitate . 
 `` you 're our sister , '' he says . 
 he squares his shoulders and stretches out his hand . 
 `` i 'll prove it . 
 take my hand without your gloves on . '' 
 `` gabe , '' tarren barks . 
 `` let me do this . '' 
 gabe never lets go of my eyes . 
 `` maya , take my hand . '' 
 `` i ... i ca n't . '' 
 traitorous tears flee down my face , and i wipe them away . 
 `` do n't ask me to do this . '' 
 `` maya , you can control it . 
 i trust you . 
 come on . '' 
 gabe 's eyes are big and sad , and i feel again that whiplash certainty that i 've known him my entire life ; that maybe i can trust him . 
 he gives me a small smile , but ca n't keep the tremor out of his extended hand . 
 `` come on , '' he says again . 
 i peel off my glove and reach through gabe 's glowing aura to take his hand . 
 our fingers interlace . 
 the orbs push up with a mad insistence , but i keep the skin of my palms anchored down . 
 this is pain burning toward implosion . 
 if i could transfer this agony into a scream , i think the moon would hear it . 
 `` i 'm trusting you with my life right now , '' gabe says softly . 
 `` it 's because i believe you 're not an angel . 
 it 's because i want to help you . 
 tarren and i are the only ones who understand what you 're going through . 
 we 're the only ones who can protect you from grand . 
 and together , we 're going to defeat him and all the other angels . '' 
 there is nothing harder , nor more painful than not killing gabe right now . 
 with a guttural moan , i tear my hand from his grip , stagger away from his pulsing energy and press my palms against the front of my legs . 
 i taste blood where i 've bitten through my lip . 
 the tears are hot on my cheeks , dripping off my chin . 
 `` it 's ... all too much , '' i gasp . 
 my body is so exhausted from the strain that i can hardly stand . 
 `` i ca n't do this . 
 none of it even makes sense . '' 
 `` my brother and i have been fighting our whole lives , '' gabe says , `` and we 've seen awful things maya . 
 things i ca n't even begin to describe . 
 and we 've lost a lot , just like you . 
 but just because bad things happen does n't mean the fight is n't worth fighting . 
 and it does n't mean we ca n't find some measure of happiness even so . 
 you 're my sister , and i 'm going to protect you . 
 i wo n't let you slip . 
 i wo n't let you fall . 
 tarren is working on an antidote , and he 's a fucking genius , so he 'll figure it out soon . 
 we wo n't let grand touch you . 
 ever again . '' 
 gabe walks over to tarren . 
 the brothers clasp arms , and gabe pulls tarren up off the ground . 
 `` no more cuffs , '' gabe says . 
 `` ever . 
 from now on we trust each other . 
 all of us . 
 we 're the only family we 've got left . 
 agreed ? '' 
 the silence stretches , and i watch small sparks of energy scurrying along the tree limbs . 
 luminous eyes blink , curious at my plight . 
 `` agreed , '' tarren mutters . 
 they both look to me . 
 i can still hear the highway close by . 
 i could beat them to it , though whether to flag down a motorist or throw myself in front of an eighteen-wheeler , i do n't know . 
 `` okay , '' i whisper . 
 * * * it takes tarren fifteen minutes to find his gun in the thick brush around us . 
 we walk back in silence , keeping to a slow pace so gabe can nurse his twisted ankle . 
 he runs his fingers through his hair trying to tame the wild strands . 
 tarren is sulky and silent . 
 just before we make it back to the motel , i find a stray cat wandering the empty streets . 
 the boys wait . 
 it hisses as i approach . 
 afterwards , i curl up on the sidewalk , rocking back and forth and shuddering with the need to keep feeding . 
 the song rears up so loud it drowns out everything but the certainty that i must hold back . 
 my entire body is tight and sore and aflame with hunger . 
 i am so utterly alone in this . 
 i stand up , dizzy and weak , and drop the cat 's body into an alleyway dumpster . 
 `` see ? 
 easier . '' 
 gabe says . 
 one by one , we slip back through the open window to our room . 
 we take turns washing our feet off in the tub . 
 gabe and i go to our beds , and tarren lies back down on the floor . 
 we all close our eyes and pretend to sleep . 
 i can not know what they are thinking , but their minds must be laced with doubts . 
 i try to ignore the song and what it tells me to do . 
 instead , i find ryan in my thoughts and conjure ways to make him smile . 
 chapter 17 `` i 'll be fine , '' i say . 
 sunlight filters through the window , and i turn my face toward it . 
 `` sure ? '' 
 gabe asks . 
 he 's sitting on the bed with his laptop open in front of him . 
 `` yeah , but next time i pick the color . '' 
 i hold up the box of hair dye . 
 `` colorsilk burgundy , '' i purr with a lavish accent that earns me a hesitant smile . 
 we 're both playing nice , and tarren was good enough to go `` check on things '' as soon as it got close enough to dawn . 
 the scissors have a sharp sic to them as they shear away my long locks . 
 the metaphor is too simplistic : a physical transformation that embodies the inner evolution . 
 sic . 
 de-evolution ? 
 perhaps it depends on who you ask . 
 a life gone . 
 i thought i was doing okay . 
 a new life . 
 definitely not okay . 
 as not okay as can be imagined . 
 sic . 
 no . 
 this is unimaginable . 
 this is bordering on sci-fi graphic novel without the huge tits and witty comebacks . 
 sic . 
 this is fire and fears and a terrible face i ca n't get out of my mind . 
 this is the loss of everything . 
 sic . 
 the hair swings back just beneath my chin . 
 i pause halfway through the haircut so that i can be both the old me and the new me at the same time . 
 this will be our only meeting . 
 i should have prepared something appropriate for the funeral and for the welcome party . 
 some last words on human maya : she had problems but was dealing alright in what i believe is a very difficult world no matter who you are or where you come from . 
 maya enjoyed peanut butter and jelly sandwiches very much . 
 she was on the track team in high school , even though she was n't very fast and had a tendency to develop shin splints halfway through each season . 
 she used to hate sarah hendrickson until they became best friends . 
 then sarah got pregnant and stopped hanging out . 
 maya had a mother who treated her alright between bouts of asthma , panic attacks , suspected gout and a strange taste in her mouth that was almost certainly indicative of a malignant brain tumor . 
 maya even had a dad who would say `` hey there kid '' when they passed each other on the roads of their very separate lives . 
 he always bought her awesome christmas presents . 
 now a few words to introduce monster maya : she prefers raw alley cats to peanut butter and jelly sandwiches . 
 she 's not on the track team anymore , which is a shame considering that she can run fast now . 
 real fast . 
 she does n't have any friends , but she does have two brand new brothers . 
 they are both very goal-oriented individuals and talented in select weaponry . 
 gabe tries too hard to be funny . 
 he 's overcompensating for something ; possibly that his hobby includes regularly killing people or that he has to hang out with the world 's most morose person every day . 
 which brings us to tarren . 
 monster maya might get to help him with some science experiments if he does n't kill her first . 
 or she does n't kill him . 
 it 's really all up in the air at this point . 
 one last thing about monster maya . 
 she does n't have a mother anymore , but she does have a father . 
 theirs is a somewhat strained relationship . 
 it 's the typical father-daughter trope . 
 he wants her in the family business . 
 she has other plans . 
 he 's looking for water under the bridge . 
 she will find a way to destroy him . 
 brutally . 
 possibly involving guns or daggers or throwing stars , or her bare hands . 
 monster maya does n't get shin splints anymore . 
 sic , sic , sic . 
 one more lock of hair dangling behind my left ear . 
 sic . 
 i sit on the toilet , eyes watering as my hair absorbs the potent chemicals . 
 i am now convinced that ryan and i were desperately in love . 
 engaged practically , though the topic never came up . 
 i can not recall a single argument between us . 
 he had not one bad habit that got on my nerves . 
 our time together is ringed with soft white lighting around the edges . 
 his voice was always soft , full of endearments . 
 our relationship was filled with laughter , adventure and great sex that never got awkward or just a tiny bit boring sometimes . 
 this leads me to my second train of thought : how i will kill grand . 
 the aforementioned daggers , throwing stars and bare hands are considered , but what i must really plan is the winning condemnation i will lay upon his dying ears . 
 something grave , deep and utterly cutting which will elevate my victory to heroic , bard-singing levels . 
 i throw open the bathroom door and ask gabe for a pen and paper . 
 holding his nose , he obliges , and here is what i come up with : this is for ryan ! 
 short , simple , poignant , yet cliché . 
 you wanted a daughter ? 
 well , you got one ! 
 upon further reflection , this one does n't make a whole lot of sense . 
 you took everything from me , the man i loved , even my own humanity . 
 it 's only fair that i return the favor . 
 i imagine delivering this in a half-choked whisper as i twist the dagger i have already plunged into his chest . 
 eventually , i settle on something different . 
 each word is memorized instantly , though i plan on repeating them to myself every night before i fall asleep . 
 just so that i 'm ready when the moment comes . 
 they will become my mantra -- an invocation of the hate and vengeance that have filled this new hollowed body i own . 
 it feels good to have a purpose . 
 these are the words i will say as grand gurgles his last blood-soaked breath at my feet : `` everything you ever stood for will be forgotten . 
 i will bury your body so deep in the ground that no one will ever dig you up . 
 i 'll rid this world of every single one of your angels of death . 
 i will soak your dreams in blood and burn them to ash . 
 there wo n't be a speck of you left , and the world will be a better place for it . 
 goodbye father . '' 
 i step into the shower and raise up my face to the spray of water . 
 monster maya smiles for the first time . 
 part 2 chapter 18 rust blooms across the sign pointing to farewell , colorado . 
 it must be a strange weed the locals have n't figure out how to kill . 
 i see it climbing up the buildings , sneaking under windowsills and lacing dusty cars sitting on the side of the road . 
 i put down gabe 's psp and look out the window . 
 farewell is a battered town , holding itself together with stubborn grit . 
 an old town of old men and old women grown gray together . 
 the temperature is dropping quickly as evening sets in . 
 i can feel the air thinning , and i wonder if i would have noticed before , or if this is another new thing i can do better . 
 i keep forgetting not to think . 
 `` it do n't stand out , that 's for sure , '' gabe says from the front seat . 
 he crosses his arms behind his head . 
 `` like all superheroes , we 've got to live on the down low . '' 
 tarren makes a noise in the back of his throat . 
 i keep my gaze out the window , noting a mom & pop antique shop pressed between a kfc and a boxy off-colored walgreens . 
 the stores dry up , and the road becomes more playful , sneaking cracks and potholes under our wheels . 
 bushy fir trees hug in close to the road , and i catch swatches of larger houses set far back into wooded lots . 
 sometimes thin mailboxes peeking from the foliage are the only flag of life . 
 `` farewell to civilization , '' gabe says with a laugh . 
 `` lots of retirees come out here . 
 land is cheap . 
 no one bothers you . 
 just get yourself a life alert system and you 're golden . '' 
 `` francesca 's out , '' tarren murmurs . 
 gabe perks up in his seat , and so do i , responding instantly as his aura pulses bright violet streaks . 
 `` my hat . '' 
 `` eh ? '' 
 tarren says . 
 `` the lucky one . '' 
 `` ah yes , the lucky one . '' 
 `` maya , quick ! '' 
 gabe twists around in his seat to hammer me with his eyes . 
 `` my bag . 
 it 's in my bag . '' 
 i stare at his energy , at that purple saturation , with longing . 
 `` slow down you fucker , '' gabe hisses to tarren . 
 then , `` come on maya . 
 team effort . '' 
 i unbuckle my seatbelt and pull the seat down to access the trunk . 
 `` brown duffle bag . '' 
 `` i know , '' i say as i grab the strap . 
 `` we 've got to be careful , '' tarren begins . 
 `` your jealousy of our love is pitiful , '' gabe retorts as i toss the bag to him . 
 he rifles through it as the car slows . 
 `` plus , dr. lee 's a total hermit . 
 no tv , no newspapers . 
 the world could be enslaved by intergalactic overlords and he would n't even notice . 
 ah ! '' 
 gabe exclaims as he wrestles the dingy white hat from his bag . 
 i look out and see a neat cabin bordered by looming pine and spruce . 
 a thick carpet of orange pine needles covers the ground , and an american flag rustles from a protruding deck . 
 a woman is tipping a large watering can over the window box flowers . 
 i notice right away that she is shamelessly over imbued with good features . 
 clearly she got to the body part bins before all the other little kids . 
 i imagine her taking off with long tan legs , butterfly lashes , pink lemonade lips and glossy black hair while i elbow through the crowds trying to find something with a little less warts on it . 
 tarren stops the car and gabe -- hat in place -- presses the window button . 
 when his window does n't budge , he turns to his brother . 
 `` if you try to keep us apart , i will kill you . 
 i swear it . 
 in your sleep . 
 you have to sleep tarren . '' 
 tarren smiles a handsome big brother smile , and the window goes down . 
 the air carries scents of pine sap and loose soil . 
 `` francesca ! '' 
 gabe calls out to her . 
 he tosses his bag at me , and i manage to catch it just before it plows into my face . 
 the woman turns and waves , presenting a round face , smooth , coffee-colored skin and a sheen of blue-emerald energy pulsing with vitality . 
 utterly shameless . 
 `` buongiorno , '' gabe says , grinning as she approaches . 
 francesca 's smile belongs on a box of teeth whitener . 
 she sets the watering container next to her foot and leans against the mailbox . 
 `` buongiorno gabe . 
 hi tarren . 
 you boys back in town , eh ? 
 good tradeshow ? '' 
 her voice is threaded with a light accent that extenuates her o 's and r 's almost like she 's purring . 
 `` oh , tarren , your face . 
 what happened this time ? '' 
 `` got punched out on the show floor by one of our clients , '' gabe jumps in . 
 `` terribly embarrassing , but i did end up selling the guy 160 licenses of our data management software upgrade . 
 broke a company record actually , but who 's counting . '' 
 francesca crosses her arms over her chest . 
 `` why are you always so mean to your big brother , huh ? 
 he watches out for you . 
 he does good , honest work here . 
 always polite . 
 not a mean bone in his body . 
 right , tarren ? '' 
 `` right , '' tarren nods . 
 i almost choke on my spit . 
 `` did you know that he drowns baby kittens ? '' 
 gabe says . 
 `` it 's his only passion in life . '' 
 `` gabe ! '' 
 francesca exclaims . 
 `` always lies and that big smile . 
 oh . '' 
 francesca sees me through the window . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` hi , '' i say and make a genuine effort to keep my gaze affixed to her face instead of the beautiful waves of energy that cloak her body . 
 `` this is our cousin maya , '' tarren says . 
 he keeps his tone casual . 
 `` she just got out of school and is staying with us for a while . '' 
 `` oh , well , it 's nice to meet you , but you better watch out for this one , '' francesca nods towards gabe . 
 `` he thinks he 's sooo cute and clever . '' 
 `` lies , '' gabe says . 
 `` i 'm incredibly handsome and clever . '' 
 his energy is fluttering like humming bird wings . 
 the purple shades grow dark as wine . 
 i force myself not to stare . 
 `` how is dr. lee doing ? '' 
 tarren asks . 
 `` okay , '' francesca turns toward the house . 
 `` grumpy as ever . 
 the summer is better for him . 
 he goes outside to read during the day . 
 he likes to be in the sun . '' 
 `` me too , '' i say for no reason . 
 `` looks like the lawn needs some work , '' tarren says . 
 he gives me a warning glare through the rearview mirror . 
 `` yeah , '' francesca tugs on her jean skirt . 
 `` come by any time tarren . 
 there 's always something to do . 
 raking up all these pine needles . 
 then a good mow and putting in seeds . 
 whenever you have time . 
 we always need help keeping this place together . '' 
 `` you 're doing a great job , '' gabe says . 
 `` dr. lee is lucky to have a girl like you helping him out . '' 
 `` he has a good heart , '' francesca says , and her voice softens . 
 `` he respects you so much tarren , and he still speaks of your mother sometimes . 
 she sounds like an amazing person . '' 
 `` she was , '' tarren says . 
 his energy flicks . 
 `` tell dr. lee ` hello ' from me and my brother . 
 i 'll give him a call when we get settled . 
 we got ta get some groceries and supplies in the morning . 
 make up a list of what you need , and i 'll pick it up while i 'm in town . '' 
 `` okay , '' francesca says . 
 she shivers , and i watch goose bumps pattern along her arms and legs . 
 i watch her energy too . 
 and tarren 's . 
 mostly gabe 's , though . 
 still humming bird wings . 
 `` well , it 's always good to have you boys back . 
 i hope you stay for a while this time , '' francesca says . 
 `` hard to say , '' tarren replies . 
 he turns the engine on . 
 `` nice to meet you maya . '' 
 she raises her hand in greeting . 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 `` see ya ! '' 
 gabe calls after her even as tarren closes the windows . 
 when the car moves on , gabe falls back against the seat . 
 `` she does n't know it yet , but she 's in love with me , '' he says . 
 `` i could tell that she totally wanted you , '' i respond . 
 `` in the worst kind of way , '' gabe confirms . 
 he twists around in his seat , so that his bright eyes are peering at me . 
 the smile has n't left his face . 
 `` when this is all over , i 'm going to marry her . 
 we 're gon na ' have beautiful children . 
 and wild sex . 
 twice a day . '' 
 * * * the road gives way to gravel , and the murano 's tires dig in . 
 shadows from the trees sweep over us in bands . 
 we turn into a long driveway . 
 `` do n't miss your line , '' tarren says to his brother . 
 `` oh yeah , '' gabe sighs . 
 `` home sweet home . '' 
 i gaze out through the windshield , and the only thing i can think is , i already had a home . 
 chapter 19 the house of the fox brothers stamps a generous footprint across a scraggly plot of land . 
 gray brick meets green siding at the second story , just above the garage . 
 the paint is peeling and rust eats its way up the gutters . 
 the front lawn is made up of patches of long crab grass with bright dandelion heads peeking out from their midst . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 gabe asks me . 
 `` sure , '' i lie . 
 i want to stay in the car . 
 forever . 
 i want to not be thinking of my apartment and all the books gathering so much dust . 
 avalon mocking on the wall . 
 ryan not there . 
 the ghosts of my dreams rattling chains and moaning softly . 
 gabe and tarren shoulder their bags and tromp into the house . 
 i follow timidly and stop just inside the door . 
 my first impression is that the house seems empty and plain . 
 i assumed it would be messier , more boyish and rough-lived . 
 the living room looks cared for just enough , though everything seems old and overused . 
 there is a distinct lack of strong colors . 
 nothing hangs on the white walls , the wooden floors are wanting in wax , and the furniture is minimal -- blue cloth couch , boxy television sitting on a chipped stand . 
 there 's an xbox and a precarious tower of dvds next to the tv . 
 `` oh , '' i say softly . 
 `` we have an ad out on craigslist for a stuffy british butler , but so far , no luck , '' gabe says . 
 he is my rambling tour guide , and his energy ticks with nervousness . 
 tarren is edgy too , tracking us from room to room without a word . 
 we move to the kitchen with its glass cabinets and long counters . 
 the table is all scratched and nicked . 
 dishes are piled in the sink and reeking of dried spaghetti sauce and salad dressing . 
 i notice a crack in the wall beside the back door . 
 the dining room is next , which is n't a dining room at all . 
 this is gabe 's office , and he 's set up three plasma computer monitors on his desk , bookended by bose speakers . 
 on the top shelf , above the monitors , a terrible battle wages between two opposing armies of action figures . 
 the destruction is intricately choreographed . 
 x-men face off against gi joes . 
 spiderman and batman have teamed up against conan and some round-eyed , large-breasted anime character . 
 a ninja turtle stands proudly over the broken body of a ken doll . 
 `` ... you know , got ta ' have fun with your job , '' gabe is saying behind me . 
 `` see if you can find the care bear . 
 here 's a hint , it ai n't got a head anymore . '' 
 he pauses , and i think he 's actually waiting for a laugh . 
 this is so awkward . 
 i try , really try , not to compare this shabby little house with my love-filled apartment or with the immaculate , airy home i grew up in . 
 i should n't look at this as a prison or a punishment . 
 i need to stay in the present , let each second crest and break over me without resistance . 
 `` what do you think , basement next ? '' 
 gabe looks to his brother . 
 `` she 'll see it soon enough , '' tarren says . 
 `` we 're all tired . 
 let 's just go upstairs . '' 
 * * * on the second floor of the house the boys pause in front of the first door , and we all wait for someone else to open it . 
 i shift , but gabe is already reaching forward . 
 `` and , your room , madam . '' 
 he twists the knob and opens the door into the master bedroom . 
 `` we were n't exactly planning on having any ... uh , '' he stumbles for a word . 
 `` coerced guests ? '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 gabe frowns at my joke , because , of course , it is n't really a joke . 
 `` we were n't planning on having anyone over , '' he clarifies , `` but it 's , i do n't know , pretty big . 
 you 've got your own bathroom . 
 that 's important for girls , right ? '' 
 i walk to the king bed and run my hand along the thick , white comforter . 
 the bay window is painted black by the night sky . 
 it has n't been opened in a long while . 
 the air in the room is stale and heavy , tinted with old perfume and lazy dust particles . 
 the dust . 
 a fine layer lies across the floor , clings to the mirror of the vanity and gathers in the folds of the white curtains . 
 i open my mouth to utter some sort of shaky compliment , but my attention is snatched away . 
 bookshelves . 
 the boys are still standing in the doorway , but i have forgotten about them . 
 i reach out and trace my fingers along the spines of the books , swallowing hot sparks each time i recognize a title from my own collection . 
 i breathe in the musk of aging paper and ink , and the aroma is so much more powerful than i remember . 
 for a moment i am back in my apartment . 
 chapped lips on my shoulders . 
 vanilla . 
 then i catch sight of something even more compelling . 
 little staggering steps take me to the second bookshelf . 
 for a moment , i am distracted as energy flares around both boys . 
 then , i pick up the first silver-framed photograph and stare at the face of my mother . 
 diana is smiling softly and ducking her head to avoid the camera . 
 i imagine the person on the other side of the lens is goading her to look up . 
 my mother . 
 i think she might be beautiful , but my mind is rushing in so many different directions i can hardly pull out any coherent thoughts . 
 slim , round shoulders . 
 wavy , caramel-colored hair . 
 the nose i do n't like that looks better on her and best on tarren . 
 a finely-carved face , just like the little boy and girl standing next to her . 
 the children are made up of skinny legs and knobby knees . 
 they hold hands . 
 for a strange , white-pulsing moment , i forget that karen and henry adopted me as an infant , and i wonder if the girl is me . 
 but no , her brown hair is twisted into neat braids , and she has bright , golden eyes that are unafraid of the camera . 
 the dark-haired boy is looking down at his sandals . 
 a toddler with thick , sandy curls sits on his mother 's lap , reaching up for her shiny hoop earring . 
 `` i 'm the cute one , '' gabe says awkwardly . 
 neither he nor tarren have breached the threshold of the room . 
 i ignore them and pick up a wedding photo . 
 my mother 's hair is feathered and long . 
 her head is thrown back , and she is laughing as the groom hooks her in his arms . 
 his brown elf eyes spark with pleasure , and his mischief mouth is cocked into a wide grin . 
 long , fluid limbs and dark hair combed back give him a hint of feral strength . 
 canton and diana . 
 in love . 
 very young . 
 all the lines on their faces come from the smiles they wear . 
 tarren and gabe each strongly favor one parent , and now i know why they do n't look much like each other . 
 baby pictures . 
 i can tell them apart immediately . 
 tarren 's gray-blue eyes . 
 gabe 's honey curls . 
 the mystery little girl who mixes both their features well . 
 the little boy and girl on swings . 
 the family at the beach . 
 a picture of the girl standing on her father 's shoes , his hands enveloping hers . 
 white fluffy dress , little black shoes and a crooked birthday hat on her head . 
 canton looks down at her with a warm smile . 
 there are different lines on his face now . 
 deeper . 
 tired . 
 there are no later pictures . 
 the family seems to linger only in those early years . 
 i hold out the beach photo to the boys . 
 `` you have another sister , '' i say tapping the grinning little girl who wears a purple bathing suit with a bright pink flower on the front . 
 her ponytail is wet and crooked as if she has just come out from the waves . 
 `` not anymore . '' 
 scarlet webs through tarren 's aura . 
 he turns and walks away . 
 gabe 's smile falters . 
 `` she died , '' he says softly . 
 `` her name was tammy . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 quantum queen of tact . 
 i put the picture back on the shelf . 
 `` i 'll tell you about it later , but it 's been a long day , '' gabe says . 
 `` me and tarren are just down the hall . 
 my room 's first on the left . 
 next is a bathroom and then a closet with towels and stuff . 
 tarren 's at the end . 
 always knock . 
 it 's kind of a rule for any closed doors . '' 
 `` wait , '' i call as he turns to leave . 
 `` this was diana 's room ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' gabe leans forward against the doorway . 
 `` we 've always been meaning to clean it out , do something with it , but i guess we 've got all the rooms we need already . 
 no one goes in here now . '' 
 `` that 's not true , '' i say without thinking . 
 my mind is far away , pinging off book titles , the growing hunger , my mother 's blue eyes . 
 `` tarren does n't come in here , but you do . 
 your scent is there , on the edge of the bed . 
 you must come in to look at the pictures . 
 they 're the only things without dust on them . '' 
 i notice gabe 's flushing cheeks and realize my mistake . 
 quantum queen of tact . 
 `` oh , yeah , well , '' he murmurs . 
 `` sure , you have the enhanced senses . '' 
 he looks away , and i see his real face again . 
 the gold-flecked eyes are shy and shamed . 
 his smile is gone , replaced by a taunt mouth that puts too many creases into his skin . 
 he looks so much like his father . 
 `` gabe , i 'm sorry , '' i say . 
 `` no , it 's fine , '' he lies . 
 `` it 's just that i do n't really remember when ... when we were happy , so sometimes i like to come up here and ... i do n't know . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' i say brilliantly . 
 `` yeah , '' he steps back from the doorway and shoves his hands in his pockets . 
 `` if you need anything , just knock . 
 okay , well , goodnight maya . '' 
 `` goodnight , '' i say . 
 gabe closes the door . 
 i sit on the edge of the bed and listen to his steps retreat down the hall . 
 chapter 20 i spend the first hour of the night committing the pictures to memory , tracing each face with my finger again and again , staring into the vacant eyes of my long lost family and imagining character traits . 
 canton would have gabe 's laugh -- a free , warm chuckle . 
 he teases . 
 diana is more serious . 
 she can turn her face into granite like tarren . 
 her voice goes all soft and dangerous when she is angry . 
 the little girl , tammy , is boisterous and aggressive . 
 gabe is a gurgling infant , the happy kind that never cries . 
 but what to make of tarren ? 
 every picture displays his down-turned head and little balled fists . 
 the night feels too long , and i 'm not tired . 
 i take my time circling the room , running my eyes over every surface . 
 i peek into the closet and find it empty . 
 nothing under the bed either . 
 i re-read each title on the bookshelf and notice an empty wedge of space between the illiad and the aeneid . 
 i sit on the bed and do n't think about ryan , do n't replay his death over and over so many times that that it runs smooth as a dvd in my head , do n't craft and decorate exotic grand-murdering fantasies and especially do n't linger on sall the questions huddled together in my mind , heavy and unbearable . 
 but i do n't cry . 
 that part really is true . 
 instead , i calmly pick at my wrists , only it 's hardly any use at all . 
 new skin has already knitted neatly over the gashes , and i 'm sure this is another angel thing . 
 or whatever i am now . 
 i slide my fingers through my short hair . 
 the prickly ends remind me that this is real , but i do n't really need any more convincing . 
 the song lingers inside me ; that need for something that tugs and taunts all day long and roars like chalkboard scratches at night . 
 and it 's still night , and i 'm still not tired , and i ca n't take this not thinking about stuff anymore . 
 so i slip out the window , glad for the cold air . 
 pulling myself up and over onto the roof is surprisingly easy , though i know i would n't have been able to do it before . 
 i 'm thinking it might be peaceful up here , but it is n't . 
 the property around the house devolves into thick woods . 
 my attention is drawn by leaping sparks of energy all about me and the scents of so many new things . 
 my body responds , hands growing hot and glowing . 
 yes , i hold them out in front of me and see that the tips of my fingers give off a pale hedge of light . 
 it 's time to know what i can do . 
 carpe noctem . 
 the trees hold out their limbs for me , and i leap , adjusting intuitively to land cat soft onto the nearest one . 
 i pounce onto another branch then clutch one above and swing myself easily around and up onto my feet . 
 i take a deep breath and exhale slow with reverence . 
 this is an entirely new body , acrobatic and strong like an elite gymnast . 
 graceful . 
 intuitive . 
 swift . 
 so many new adjectives that i can rightfully commandeer . 
 thrilling . 
 terrifying . 
 powerful . 
 the cleave of monster and human . 
 something catches my attention . 
 my body is moving , leaving my thoughts behind . 
 the prey is a sharp bright point skittering across a branch next to me . 
 i crouch . 
 the energy roils inside of me . 
 my heart beats loud thuds that join the high cricket strings . 
 it fills my ears , sweet drum . 
 strong drum . 
 companion hunter . 
 i leap , swinging , hands ripping on the harsh bark , but i could n't care . 
 just blood . 
 so close . 
 for a moment i am hurtling through the air . 
 wind kissing my face . 
 just the emptiness and that little dot of energy growing larger . 
 the squirrel is frozen in fear , its heart throbbing mad , making me crazy . 
 i snatch it right off the branch as i fall . 
 it 's dead before i land . 
 * * * i wake up on the roof and notice my gloves are gone . 
 the sun is just coming up . 
 deep gouges score my palms and forearms . 
 i remember and shiver . 
 monster maya is werewolf maya . 
 i think i was still in control , and it was only a squirrel after all , a perfectly acceptable snack . 
 a noise . 
 doorknob turning . 
 i jump , grab the edge of the roof with my left hand as i fall , swing through the bay window , let go and skid onto my bed , grabbing up the blanket as i roll . 
 tarren cracks open the door and beholds a maya tortilla wrapped in blankets with eyes closed , face smooth and serene in slumber . 
 he stands there for a while and then closes the door . 
 i let out my breath in a big whoosh and untangle myself from the blankets . 
 even as i begin pulling long wooden splinters from my skin , i follow tarren 's energy as he moves through the house . 
 when he steps outside , i scramble back up onto the roof and stretch out onto my stomach . 
 tarren stands below me looking out along the empty gravel road . 
 i can only see the back of his head , but i imagine his face is grim and determined . 
 he takes off running , red pain springing up in his aura near his injured rib . 
 his fluid gait reveals a natural athleticism . 
 there are heavy things on his mind . 
 dark things . 
 what happened to the shy boy in the photographs ? 
 * * * gabe cradles a bowl of drowned cereal in his arm as he clicks through emails . 
 all three computer monitors are alight . 
 bluegrass twangs from the speakers on his desk as he flips across tabs in his browsers , pulling up and quickly dismissing page after page . 
 he flinches when he catches me out of the corner of his eye . 
 `` jesus , put some bells on or something , '' he says with a smile . 
 `` morning , '' i reply . 
 `` you 're wearing the same jeans from yesterday . '' 
 `` changed my shirt though . 
 even hit some deodorant now that we 've got a girl in the house . 
 you 're welcome . '' 
 he 's expecting a retort back , but my throat has gone tight . 
 i 'm ready to cry all over again , because i 'm suddenly so grateful that he 's treating me like a normal person and so terrified because he 's also treating me like a sister . 
 `` i caught a squirrel , '' i tell him . 
 gabe spins around in his chair and looks me over , noting my dirt-streaked elbows and pine needle hair accessories . 
 `` did it have a crooked tail ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` the squirrel ? 
 no , i do n't think so . '' 
 `` good . 
 i like that one . 
 he 's like boss of the squirrels . 
 it 's cool . '' 
 gabe spins back around and leaves the spoon sticking out his mouth as he opens another email . 
 `` oh , and you probably should n't tell tarren about the whole squirrel killing thing , '' he mumbles . 
 `` he can be ... well , sometimes it 's just better not to tell him things . '' 
 i study the warring action figures arranged on the shelf above gabe 's computers . 
 a cylon from battlestar galactica is locked in deadly combat with a samurai sword-wielding bratz doll . 
 disgraced green army men lay where they fell . 
 i ca n't imagine the fused feet were anything but a liability . 
 wolverine has his claws plunged through a happy meal shrek figurine . 
 eyes stare out at me from the left computer screen , and i turn and take note of a young girl positioned and smiling in the fake way of a school picture . 
 she looks a little like my freshmen roommate . 
 same upturned nose and long neck . 
 rachel must be in class right now . 
 listening . 
 studying . 
 not being a monster . 
 the girl on the computer screen is not in class . 
 her picture on the screen accompanies her obituary . 
 `` did you , uh , '' i try to be cool about this . 
 `` is this an angel you , uh ... '' they do kill people , i remind myself . 
 lots of people . 
 `` no , not us , '' gabe follows my gaze . 
 `` but someone did , or something . 
 obits are how we find them . 
 angels . '' 
 he nods to the computer screen . 
 `` google alerts are the greatest thing ever except for keira knightley . 
 basically , i set specific search terms , and google trolls through all the news and sends back anything that matches . '' 
 `` and you look for dead people ? '' 
 `` right-o . '' 
 gabe spins his chair around , so that he faces me again . 
 `` mostly heart attacks between the ages of 15 - 45 but also radiation poisoning and , of course , unexplained causes as the catch all for the rest . '' 
 `` that 's a lot of obits ... wait , radiation poisoning ? '' 
 `` failed angles . 
 not everyone survives the infection process . 
 it wreaks havoc on your body , screwing up your dna , no offense . 
 for some people , their bodies give out . 
 radiation is a strong component of the process . 
 sometimes the coroner ca n't figure out any other cause of death , so they say radiation poisoning . 
 wha-la , failed angel . 
 and where there 's one dead angel ... '' body on fire . 
 turning , twisting , contorting into something else entirely . 
 every cell exploding in my veins . 
 bones shattering like glass . 
 the fear of not knowing what is happening or if it will ever stop . 
 `` oh , '' i say when gabe raises his eyebrows . 
 `` uh , where there 's one angel , there are bound to be others . '' 
 `` bingo , yahtzee and connect four . '' 
 `` and heart attacks ? '' 
 `` iced . 
 angels kill by absorbing a victim 's energy . 
 it 's what they feed off of . 
 as the angel is sucking up the energy , the victim 's heart just gives out . 
 it 's what actually kills the person . 
 heart attack . '' 
 but ryan had such a strong heart . 
 i would lay my head against his chest and ... i swallow . 
 `` you said ` iced ' ? '' 
 `` oh yeah , well angels suck away body heat with everything else . 
 victims are ice cold . 
 that 's how i tell a regular heart attack from an angel . 
 autopsy will show a way low body temp at death . '' 
 ryan cold and dead and alone . 
 frozen on the pavement while i fly away . 
 warm breath stolen . 
 hot lips chilled . 
 gabe continues , `` if i find a heart attack where i should n't , say a healthy 30-year-old athlete , i look for other unexplained or strange deaths in the area or a spate of missing persons . 
 that 's how we find them . '' 
 he clicks a tab on the middle screen to reveal a map of the united states smattered with multi-colored pins . 
 `` google maps are the shit . 
 google should just take over the world , seriously , '' gabe says . 
 `` this map is totally interactive . 
 i load on all my suspicious obits -- those are the red pins -- and look for patterns . '' 
 his mouse grazes across the screen , and each pin lights up with notes . 
 names . 
 dates . 
 modes of death . 
 `` most of the angels move around a lot , '' gabe continues . 
 `` it 's the only way not to get caught . 
 by following a wake of bodies , we can put together a crude trail . 
 if i confirm angel , the pins turn white , and we load up the car and go . '' 
 i do n't know how to be cool or good about this , so i just tell the truth . 
 `` that 's really creepy . '' 
 gabe shrugs , `` i just kind of zone out while i do it , you know , '' -- here he makes quotes with his fingers -- `` compartmentalize . '' 
 there 's a note of bravado in his voice while he offers this explanation , and all of this is so wrong , so dark and twisted . 
 how can two guys living out in the middle of nowhere be fighting a war ? 
 here 's the part where i would have asked all about grand and all about diana and what happened to tammy and all those other big , mean , skittish questions -- i 'm sure of it -- except that tarren walks through the door . 
 he 's dripping sweat , face flushed , but it 's his own fault for wearing long sleeves and pants on such a warm day . 
 `` practice in half an hour , '' he says to gabe , `` but one of us should stay here . '' 
 `` well , i got ta ' do a ton of work on the websites anyway , '' gabe says . 
 `` did i tell you about the new one i 'm putting together ? 
 hatershatingtogether . '' 
 `` ridiculous , '' tarren mutters under his breath . 
 gabe does n't hear him , but i do . 
 `` okay , '' tarren says louder . 
 `` you stay , but get in a workout . '' 
 `` sure , sure , but i 'll probably go easy , you know , the ankle . '' 
 `` not too easy . '' 
 it 's 8:00 in the morning , and tarren is already firing on all cylinders . 
 his aura is taut , ticking up and down like an animal on the prowl . 
 so many dark hues shifting within his blues . 
 it makes me nervous . 
 so do his eyes , and that scar . 
 actually , everything about tarren unnerves me . 
 even superman had a day job . 
 chapter 21 after tarren leaves , gabe is overly attentive to my needs . 
 i assume this means tarren tasked him with maya sentry duty . 
 probably warned him that i was liable to go on a murderous rampage if let out of sight . 
 gabe wants to know if i 'm thirsty , if i want to watch one of his vast collection of bruce lee movies , if there are any video games i like or music i want to hear . 
 do i know any good chuck norris jokes ? 
 the only thing i know is that i want to go home . 
 the only thing i want is ryan alive and grand dead but only after lots of suffering . 
 what i say out loud is `` i 'm fine , i 'm fine , i 'm fine infinity plus one . '' 
 this last assertion wins a chuckle from gabe , but , more importantly , he stops asking me stupid questions . 
 my turn . 
 `` when do we find grand ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` when do you start training me ? '' 
 `` uh ... '' fine yellow hues pulse through gabe 's aura . 
 `` later , '' he says . 
 `` want to go work out in the basement ? 
 i mean , i do n't have to just because tarren said so . 
 he thinks he 's the leader of the team , but it 's like -- dude , there 's no team . 
 it 's just me , and i think you 're full of shit . '' 
 we stare at each other . 
 `` we got weights and stuff down there . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 * * * groaning stairs lead us down into a musty room with unpainted concrete walls . 
 it is cooler down here , shadowy and bare . 
 an old couch stands in the corner , stained and frayed and looking like it would be comfortable on the porch of a frat house or hanging out on any local curb . 
 i know what a bloodstain looks like , but i do n't ask . 
 gabe is showing off a scuffed pool table , noting that two of the balls are missing , but since they are one solid and one stripe , it works out just fine . 
 a cardboard cutout of keira knightley pouts in the corner . 
 she 's in full pirates of the caribbean regalia : tight bodice , long skirt , feathered hair and dark , sultry eyes . 
 `` she likes to watch me work out , '' gabe says . 
 `` ca n't say i blame her . 
 it 's not every day you get front row seating at the gun show . '' 
 he makes a bicep for keira and kisses it . 
 i roll my eyes . 
 the `` gym '' consists of scattered free weights and an exercise ball on the floor , a bench and weight rack , and a pull up bar hanging from a door frame on the other side of the room . 
 `` fox cave , '' gabe nods to the door . 
 `` fox cave ? '' 
 `` you know , like the bat cave . 
 it 's where we plan stuff . 
 strategize . '' 
 gabe shrugs like this is obvious . 
 `` oh , that other door down there is tarren 's lab . 
 do n't bother him in the lab unless it 's important . 
 he 's real pissy about that . '' 
 i do n't ask what tarren does in his lab . 
 i 'm getting that dizzy-sick feeling again ; the one where my brain starts edging toward the door , ready to flee this new , insane reality . 
 gabe lies back on the bench , reaches up and wraps his hands around a bar loaded with weight . 
 the bar is clearly stacked for tarren , but gabe sets his face , hauls in a heavy breath and pulls the bar up and out of the rack . 
 i perch on the couch , away from the bloodstain and watch how his energy quickens and turns dark at the edges as he strains to lower the bar . 
 something about being down here , about gabe and the way his face is flushing red as he tries to show off , eases my tension . 
 i begin asking small , safe-ish questions . 
 between grunts and gasps , gabe tells me that he is 22 . 
 his favorite color is usually blue , but sometimes green and sometimes the bright yellow of highlighters . 
 tarren is 26 . 
 gabe does n't know his favorite color . 
 when they 're not on a mission , the fox brothers train almost constantly . 
 they 've erected a makeshift shooting range in the backyard and take fighting classes in pueblo and even up in colorado springs . 
 gabe lists them off : mixed martial arts on monday and wednesday , krav magna on friday and sunday , crossfit on tuesday and thursday . 
 yoga on saturday . 
 on the fifth rep , the bar tilts to the left as gabe pushes it up with trembling arms . 
 i think it 's going to topple sideways , but with a grunt he gets it up and drops it with a heavy clang onto the rack . 
 `` you 've got to reach ... muscle failure ... ` s how you bulk up , '' he informs me through panting breaths . 
 `` if keira starts swooning ... make sure and ... catch her . '' 
 i look at his thin , boy 's body and hide my smirk with another question . 
 `` yoga , really ? '' 
 `` that was my idea actually , '' gabe grins and sits up on the bench . 
 `` i convinced tarren that it helps with flexibility and concentration and gave us a day to recover so we could beat the hell out of ourselves all over again the next week . '' 
 deep purple humming bird wings are taking flight in his aura , and i think i know where this is going . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and maybe francesca happens to take the same class . 
 total coincidence . 
 it seems we both have very centered souls . '' 
 the red is dropping out of gabe 's face but stays in his cheeks . 
 `` does her downward dog happen to be at the center of your soul ? '' 
 `` oh , you 're dirty . 
 that 's just , well , god , she 's really flexible . 
 and her hair , sometimes it gets loose . 
 you should come with . 
 just do n't , like , start doing finger pushups or anything . 
 got to keep the super powers on the down low . '' 
 i try to laugh . 
 super powers . 
 not exactly . 
 gabe moves on to pushups , executes twenty , thirty , forty with ease . 
 i am highly attuned to his energy , how it rises up as he begins to reach his limit . 
 his head drops . 
 eyes squeeze shut . 
 he 's distracted , vulnerable . 
 a new and dark awareness is awake inside of me . 
 i know exactly how quickly i could leap from the couch , how i would subdue him and connect to his energy before he could counter my attack . 
 this is the sense of a predator , the mind of a monster . 
 gabe rolls over and wipes his face on his shirt . 
 so many moments open for attack . 
 such blue , bright energy he has . 
 gabe looks at me , tugs his shirt back down and smiles in this awkward , sheepish way . 
 i pretend like nothing 's wrong . 
 horribly , terribly , irreparably wrong . 
 `` i still ca n't believe you 're here , '' he mutters . 
 to mask the fact that i kinda want to drain him , i break eye contact with gabe , thrust myself up from the couch and walk over to the pull up bar . 
 i jump up and hang . 
 `` how do you get the guns ? '' 
 i ask to break the silence . 
 `` gun shows . '' 
 gabe lies against the ball and crunches up . 
 `` gun shows are regulated . '' 
 `` i do n't get the guns ... at the show ... i get ... the contacts . '' 
 he speaks with the rhythm of his motion . 
 `` god bless ... paranoid libertarians . '' 
 before , when i was human , i could do exactly one pull up . 
 i was very , very proud of that pull up . 
 now , my chin rises up to the bar easily as if my body were filled with hollow bird bones . 
 `` it seems impossible , '' i say to gabe , `` that you can just buy all this illegal stuff ; that you can kill people without getting caught . '' 
 gabe laughs and sits up on the ball . 
 `` remember this , it 's important . 
 whatever you want , you can get it . 
 guns , drugs , people , credit card numbers , whatever . 
 as long as they ca n't find you , they ca n't stop you . '' 
 `` how can that possibly work ? '' 
 `` it 's not easy , but it 's doable . 
 especially online . 
 there are ways to cover your tracks , to be anonymous or to be someone else entirely . 
 if you got the right skill set , you can go anywhere , find anything , do anything and never get caught . 
 as long as they do n't know who you are , they ca n't find you . '' 
 `` and if they ca n't find you , they ca n't stop you , '' i finish . 
 `` bingo , yahtzee , and connect four . 
 you just learned a very important life lesson . '' 
 gabe 's enjoying himself . 
 everything he just said terrifies the piss out of me . 
 `` but if you do get caught ... '' i venture . 
 `` not an option . '' 
 `` but if you do ... '' `` how many is that ? '' 
 throughout our conversation , i 've been steadily pulling myself up to the bar . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i drop down , brush my hands on my jeans . 
 `` no , no , keep going , '' gabe says , but i shake my head . 
 `` it 's okay maya , it 's cool . '' 
 i look at gabe , at his free smile and bright elf eyes . 
 he does think it 's cool . 
 little boy lost in his comic books . 
 * * * tarren returns to the house in the evening and unloads groceries from the car . 
 relieved of guard duty , gabe steps outside and is soon arguing with his cell phone . 
 the last item that tarren brings in is a dune-colored guinea pig . 
 it 's a small thing and huddles in the corner of its cardboard box . 
 poor little dinner . 
 `` nah man , smith and wesson , sd40 . 
 no baggage on it . '' 
 gabe 's voice carries to my sensitive ears . 
 `` i do n't got a week . '' 
 `` do n't kill that at the table , '' tarren nods toward the guinea pig . 
 shame unfurls in my chest . 
 yes , i would have killed the guinea pig at the table . 
 it 's everything i can do to hold myself back this long . 
 i want to grab its soft body in my fist and squeeze . 
 i look at the animal now , concentrating on the shivering body beneath its bright , energy . 
 i had a guinea pig once . 
 she was a tawny orange color , so i called her cheez-it , my favorite snack at the sophisticated age of seven . 
 i fed her pellets every morning and then mixed salad and chopped carrots at night . 
 i remember taking her out after school and putting her in my lap , amazed that i owned this living , breathing , wonderful creature . 
 i pick up the box . 
 `` i 'll take it upstairs . '' 
 `` well , okay , '' tarren shrugs . 
 later , when the little brown guinea pig is iced and tossed out the back window , i hear a soft knock on the door . 
 i would have expected gabe , except that i feel tarren 's ticking energy waiting on the other side . 
 i let him in , but he pauses at the threshold . 
 tarren is very good at keeping his face calm , but there are things he can not hide from me . 
 little by little , i am learning to read secrets in the ever-frayed patterns of color and movement within his aura . 
 tarren does n't give away his exhaustion , but i can see it in how low his energy lays across his frame . 
 the rib is killing him ; each breath stitches red through the murky blue . 
 i wonder why he is so relentless in his concealment of vulnerability . 
 `` come in , '' i tell him softly . 
 tarren sees the sympathy on my face , frowns and steps into the room , dropping several bags at the foot of my bed . 
 `` we got most of the clothes and things on the list , '' he says . 
 he is looking straight ahead . 
 not at me or the pictures . 
 `` and this . 
 gabe picked it out . 
 he said you were a mac . 
 probably not a good idea , but ... '' he trails off as he hands me the box tucked beneath his arm . 
 tarren 's fingers brush my wrist . 
 he flinches . 
 the hunger is everywhere , drawing me to him , and we 're standing so close . 
 my hands grow hot , and i fight to keep my skin down over the slits . 
 tarren 's heart is picking up beats , and so is mine , but only i can hear their discordant melody . 
 `` thanks , '' i turn away from him . 
 `` maya , you ca n't ... '' `` ca n't contact anyone , i know . '' 
 `` you have to be careful about everything . 
 no logging into old email accounts . 
 no social media things . '' 
 `` i get it , '' i say putting the computer box on the bed and wrapping my hands around my waist . 
 `` nothing . 
 nada . 
 nusquam . 
 old life , gone , gone gone ... and more gone . '' 
 we stare past each other at odd angles of the room . 
 tarren pretends to gaze out the window . 
 i look at the empty wedge of space in the middle of the bookshelf . 
 the silence roams wide circles around us , teasing . 
 i assume he still wants to kill me . 
 i ca n't blame him , i really ca n't . 
 this realization hurts . 
 would i kill me too ? 
 tarren rescues me from my thoughts . 
 `` is everything ... uh , comfortable . 
 the room ? 
 there 's extra blankets in the closet . '' 
 he actually mumbles like a real person . 
 `` tarren , you do n't have to ... '' i ca n't help myself , `` act like you want me here . '' 
 his mouth grows tighter . 
 `` we have a responsibility for you now . '' 
 we both just let that hang there for a while . 
 tarren 's got those arctic eyes on again , and they wander away from my gaze . 
 `` there 's uh , one more thing , maya . 
 i left it in the hall . '' 
 he leaves the room , and i wonder if he will come back . 
 it might be better for us both if he does n't . 
 gabe needs to be here . 
 he is a circuit breaker , grounding the tense currents that run between tarren and me . 
 as far as i can tell , gabe 's face always follows his energy . 
 no hidden emotions . 
 no secret nightmares . 
 tarren returns , carrying a long roll of paper in his hands . 
 `` on that first night , after you , uh , fell asleep , i went back to the campus . '' 
 he pauses to lick his lips . 
 i watch the scar move as he speaks . 
 `` i was in your apartment when grand snatched you . 
 i 'm usually careful , but when gabe called i left without cleaning up . 
 so , i had to get back before the cops started dusting the place . '' 
 the expression on my face stops his rush of words . 
 `` you think we 're crazy . 
 yeah , so do i , '' tarren says , and he must be more exhausted then i realized , because his face breaks into a shy smile that is so endearing i almost lose the seethe of my anger . 
 in that smile i see the little boy from the photos . 
 the way he ducks his head , has no idea how handsome he is . 
 i still hate him though . 
 `` you 're mad , of course , but we were trying to ... and , i did n't mean ... . 
 well , it does n't matter . 
 we did n't protect you . 
 we failed . '' 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 i finally break in . 
 `` because , '' tarren holds out the roll of paper to me . 
 `` i should n't have taken it , but i just , it seemed like something special ... '' i unroll the paper , slow at first , then faster and faster as i realize what it is . 
 i kneel on one corner and push the paper wide . 
 avalon opens below me , and i drop into the magical island . 
 i find myself wandering the interlocking pathways , making sure the trains are still running , the buildings are stable and humming with productive work . 
 bikes whiz past , and i run to the great knotted trees in the center park . 
 ryan is here , everywhere , in the tall silhouette of each building , in the wind-powered turbines rotating lazily in the breeze , in the shimmer of the sun over the ocean . 
 i ride up the elevator of the tallest building and step out onto the roof . 
 a figure stands just out of my view . 
 i keep my eyes forward , knowing that he will disappear if i turn my gaze . 
 instead , i look out across the island , taking in its beauty . 
 ryan comes up behind me and wraps his arms around my waist . 
 vanilla . 
 hot bubbles . 
 i lean my head back to rest it against his chest , but he is gone . 
 `` oh , '' i say . 
 `` oh , thank you . '' 
 i look up . 
 the bedroom is empty . 
 chapter 22 my new body requires little sleep . 
 this night i ache with memories , with the vision of my path in life all blown to dust . 
 there is nothing ahead of me except grand 's blood . 
 all that i have lost stands behind me , and the weight of it sinks hooks into my back and traps me here in this painful , throbbing fever of grief . 
 when i work myself up into a masochistic zeal , i open my new laptop and google myself online . 
 the hits are surprising . 
 i 've made most of the local publications throughout the northeast and even some of the larger ones . 
 chances of my survival are slim . 
 the police found my purse and vomit-stained shirt in the storage unit along with shell casings , pools of blood from an unknown assailant and a broken needle . 
 investigators propose that i was a victim of a drug gang , cult or some terrifying madman . 
 despite these bleak circumstance , karen and henry are quoted again and again begging for my return . 
 there is a video clip of my story on a local news website . 
 karen looks terrible . 
 her makeup is skewed too heavy , and pouches bulge beneath her eyes . 
 she is wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with my face . 
 it quivers as she takes a tear-soaked breath . 
 henry holds her hand looking uncomfortable . 
 his skin is gray , his suit rumpled . 
 there i am , grinning stupidly in the upper right-hand corner like i 'm enjoying the spectacle of my parents eviscerating themselves on television . 
 karen has the big purse slung over her shoulder , the one i called her medicine bag because it can only mean she 's hit the apex of her cyclic breakdowns and requires all possible psychiatric , pulmonary and homeopathic medications to be on her person at all times . 
 the genuineness of their shared misery strikes me . 
 i lean in close to the computer screen , studying their pixelated faces , comprehending the full scale of the disaster i have wrought and will never be able to make right . 
 as i fumble to click off the website , i hear karen 's voice . 
 `` please , we just want our daughter back . '' 
 the tears are dripping off my face . 
 each breath carries a thousand particles of sand , rubbing away the lining of my throat . 
 i should stop , but i do n't . 
 i find ryan 's obituary , stare at his face , at that hint of a smile he always teases the camera with . 
 i knew he was dead . 
 i did . 
 ryan in a tux . 
 ryan in a coffin . 
 ryan with his arms folded over his chest looking so unnatural while his family limps by , oh god . 
 `` ryan died because of me , '' i whisper to the empty bedroom . 
 i look up to avalon , which , thanks to the rusted ladder gabe scrounged from the garage , now hangs on the ceiling above my bed . 
 it 's just a drawing , and ryan 's not in there sleeping deep like arthur . 
 i pull up facebook and then remember that i ca n't log on . 
 my hands are shaking . 
 i need to see his page . 
 i need to post a confession . 
 ryan died because of me . 
 because he was walking with me . 
 because i tucked my hand in his back pocket . 
 i must take this back somehow , undo the damage i have caused . 
 even if we can never see each other again . 
 even if i still get turned into this freak . 
 i need ryan to be alive somewhere in the world . 
 breathing and laughing and chewing on his lip . 
 panicking about a test that he will inevitably ace . 
 ryan ca n't be trapped in a coffin . 
 he ca n't be smothered by earth . 
 the song wo n't stop in my head . 
 not for a single second . 
 not when i need just one moment of peace so i can think and close facebook before i do something truly stupid . 
 i dump the computer off my lap and climb out the bay window . 
 i run . 
 deep into the woods . 
 i 'm in jean shorts and no shoes . 
 i leap onto a tree and get my arms around a raccoon who does not appreciate my embrace . 
 it struggles , clawing through my skin . 
 i peel back a glove and drain it quickly , but this snack only heightens the hunger . 
 i drop the limp body and keep running . 
 i recognize the crude metaphor . 
 running away from the self-loathing and pity that compete for dominance . 
 poor ryan who loved a monster girl . 
 bad things came for them . 
 he got real cold , and she was flown away to a dark place . 
 * * * i make it back in time to pass tarren 's morning bed check . 
 then i crawl onto the roof and watch him set off on his run . 
 long , even strides carry him into the foliage , and his energy calms down at last . 
 i 'm not really feeling better about anything , but a long shower helps clear my head . 
 i want to make an effort ; i want to demonstrate that this will somehow work , even if i 'm not sure i believe it . 
 i descend to the kitchen and decide a `` thank you for almost being kind '' gift is in order for tarren . 
 i whip up my famous scrambled eggs , famous because they are the only dish i am capable of making without the aid of a microwave or toaster . 
 the fridge is well-stocked from tarren 's shopping trip last night . 
 the bins are filled with vegetables and fruits . 
 milk sits on the top shelf along with packs of red bull , protein shakes and muscle milk . 
 there 's a whole drawer filled with bottled water . 
 eggs sit in the little egg holders that i did n't think anyone actually ever used . 
 i see a case of beer on the bottom shelf and realize for the first time that i will probably never get drunk again ; not even the fun buzz that turns me into a dance genius . 
 after some searching , i find a battered pan , crack the eggs and listen to them sizzle . 
 i push away my nausea . 
 the idea of putting food , anything except bottled water , into my body contorts my stomach in pain . 
 the smell of the eggs is almost too much , but i want to do this for tarren . 
 maybe i can get him to smile that shy smile that makes him look almost human . 
 maybe he 'll begin to believe i really am different ; that i can help them on their crazy mission , because now this is my crazy mission too . 
 maybe we 'll become fast friends , and would n't gabe be so pleased ? 
 maybe we can find a sliver of the happiness that he is searching for so desperately . 
 maybe we could be a family -- a cracked up , gun toting , slightly-monsterized family , but a family . 
 why does that word feel so dangerous ? 
 like a mousetrap luring my weak heart to a deadly prize . 
 spring . 
 the toast comes up . 
 * * * tarren is back from his run , grunting to my cheerful `` hello '' and up the stairs before i can invite him into the kitchen . 
 no matter . 
 hum-de-dum , i 'm determined to make his fucking day . 
 i finish up cooking while he 's in the shower and take my time arranging the food on a tray when i hear him walking back to his room . 
 buttered toast wedges sit on each side of a too-large mound of eggs that i 've sprinkled with salt , pepper and cheddar cheese that melts into the fluffy folds . 
 martha stewart to the max . 
 no orange juice in the fridge , so i include a glass of milk and a small plate of strawberries on the side of the tray . 
 perfect , perfect , perfect . 
 utterly vomit-inducing to smell , but perfect . 
 without missing a beat , i take my tray up the stairs . 
 tarren 's had plenty of time to dress . 
 i do n't remember to knock . 
 i 'm too excited . 
 too damn proud of myself for demonstrating such a clear effort to take my situation in stride . 
 just as i reach his door , i wonder if he locked it . 
 no . 
 i turn the handle and step inside . 
 i would have sensed how high tarren 's energy was pulsing if i was n't distracted by the smell of the food . 
 i might have even heard the breaths of anguish stealing in and out of his body . 
 instead , i blithely walk inside and open my mouth to announce a cheerful good morning . 
 it catches in my throat . 
 i drop the tray . 
 chapter 23 tarren stands in front of his closet , shirtless , looking at himself in the mirror on the inside door . 
 he has a runner 's lean physique . 
 wiry muscles stretch across his tall frame , and i think the greeks would have been proud to sculpt him if it was n't for the network of scars that curve and writhe all across his skin . 
 i do n't understand at first what i am seeing . 
 there is no beginning or end to the wounds . 
 they snake all over his body , crisscrossing each other , extending around his torso and down past the waist of his jeans . 
 pale pink streaks hash across his back . 
 deep gouges down his arms . 
 x 's and s 's . 
 pricks and wide sweeps . 
 thin cuts and thicker furrows where the skin has grown over . 
 one long jag starts at his right shoulder blade and travels down his back . 
 i follow it through the mirror as it curves around , crossing his abdomen . 
 different knives . 
 small , playful cuts just to tease and prod and many much deeper . 
 burns too . 
 mottled , shiny stamps across his shoulders and chest . 
 a purple-yellow sweep of bruises down the right side of his ribs . 
 the mirror is cracked . 
 i trace the source to a web of splintered glass up high on the right with long tentacles running down , splitting tarren 's face into broken fragments . 
 and his eyes , looking at me , reflected in those fragments , a deeper blue than i 've ever seen them . 
 i do n't think to hide my shock , because i do n't understand how this could have happened to him . 
 car accident ? 
 wild animal ? 
 did he do it to himself ? 
 crazy self-flagellation ? 
 my eyes flee away . 
 his room is so bare . 
 not a single poster on the wall . 
 no pictures . 
 no books except for one . 
 a copy of the odyssey sits on his nightstand , battered in the way books get when their pages have been turned and scoured many , many times . 
 i do n't know what to do , so i look at tarren again . 
 quantum queen of tact . 
 our eyes lock through the mirror , until his slide away . 
 his head drops ever-so-slightly . 
 `` please leave , '' tarren whispers . 
 `` i ... breakfast , '' i stutter . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i thought ... '' i stop . 
 he does n't speak , and this image latches into my mind with barbed hooks : tarren standing there in front of the mirror , water rolling down the back of his neck from his damp hair , his aura so dazzlingly bright that i lose my vocabulary . 
 now i learn what his shame looks like . 
 now i know why gabe tries so hard to make him laugh . 
 `` i 'll just , '' i kneel down to try and deal with the mess of cheesy-gooey eggs and spilled milk now decorating his carpet . 
 then i realize that i 'm still in his room ; that he 's still staring at me through the mirror . 
 `` never mind , '' i murmur and escape the room , pulling the door closed behind me . 
 i can still feel his energy vibrating through the whole house , or maybe it 's just the heavy clang of my own heart . 
 chapter 24 the afternoon rain has just let up , leaving the grass beaded and fresh . 
 the wind brings moist breaths and the smell of damp things . 
 i sit outside on the back porch steps dipping my legs into the noon sun and hoping gabe wo n't leave me with my thoughts for too long . 
 my body opens to the sunlight , taking in the thin stream of sustenance . 
 i watch the trees , instantly attuned to the flickering nods of energy scurrying along the branches . 
 the other noises of the day are a choir of disjointed notes that i 'm learning to sort and dim as best i can . 
 the back door opens , and gabe eases down beside me . 
 he hands me a bottle of water and sets a case of beer between us . 
 `` find any angels today ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` few suspicious deaths , probably nothing , '' he answers . 
 `` just need to keep my eye on it . '' 
 we sit together in silence while gabe pulls out the first bottle of beer and takes a long drink . 
 `` so , the scars , '' gabe wipes his mouth and shakes his head . 
 `` we , uh , we do n't talk about it . 
 not ever . '' 
 he gazes out into the trees , eyes searching for something far away . 
 `` you would n't believe it , but growing up tarren was the shyest kid you 'd ever meet . 
 afraid of everything . '' 
 gabe smiles to himself . 
 `` he hated ` the mission . '' ' 
 gabe makes quotes with his fingers . 
 `` everything about it . 
 refused to carry a gun . 
 hardly went to karate lessons and never hit back when we fought . 
 he 'd be in his room all day long reading our dad 's old notes and any other chemistry and genetic textbooks he could scrounge . 
 when we went on a mission , he 'd just read his books in the car and wait for us till we 'd done our killing . 
 did the driving when he got tall enough . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 `` mom and tammy and me . 
 when we were old enough , mom took us on the road to hunt angels . '' 
 `` what about school ? '' 
 `` home schooled . 
 our mom was a college professor . 
 classic literature and mythology , but she was real smart about everything . 
 taught us history and science along with evasive driving , fighting , picking locks , that kind of thing . '' 
 gabe smiles again his sad smile . 
 `` i would have liked to go to prom though . 
 they always make a big deal about it in the movies . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i 'm not . 
 our mother did n't raise us traditional , but she gave us a purpose and taught us how to believe in something . '' 
 gabe takes another long sip of his beer . 
 the wind has died down , and bugs flit through the scraggly grass . 
 discarded shell casings wink in the sun . 
 `` they were twins you know . 
 tammy and tarren . 
 fraternal , of course . 
 completely opposite in personalities , but close as could be . 
 they could finish each other 's sentences . 
 tammy , she took care of tarren , stood up for him . 
 she always knew when he was in one of his moods . 
 tarren took everything the hardest -- the traveling , the training , the isolation , but he adored tammy . 
 followed her around like a puppy . 
 all the boys did anytime we stopped long enough . 
 every one of ` em was in love with tammy . '' 
 gabe sets his bottle aside . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 gabe starts at my voice , as if he 'd forgotten my presence . 
 `` it 's been so long since i 've spoken about her , '' he muses . 
 `` tammy was fearless . 
 reckless , mom said , but i looked up to my big sister . 
 a smile from tammy was worth ... you been in the garage yet ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` there 's an old motorcycle in there . 
 that was tammy 's . 
 our mother was the only one who could ever control her . 
 then mom got sick . '' 
 gabe 's eyes travel up to the sky , and he dotes on the wispy clouds stretching overhead . 
 i rub my legs with my gloved hands , sip at my water and wait for him to continue . 
 when he does , gabe 's voice is quiet . 
 i catch a tremor beneath his words . 
 `` mom died . 
 that was six years ago . 
 we buried her , and tammy went wild . 
 she would disappear for days , weeks , hunting on her own . 
 she liked hunting , and she was good at it . 
 that 's when tarren finally started fighting . 
 sometimes i think the only reason he did was to keep an eye on tammy , to protect her . 
 now of course , things are different ... but anyway , one day tammy came back from a solo mission saying she had a lead on grand . 
 she wanted to go after him . '' 
 gabe sets down his empty bottle and pulls out a second . 
 the glass sweats heavy in the heat . 
 `` you have to understand , grand still wanted revenge for the death of his father . 
 we 'd also managed to kill his younger brother , lux , the year before mom died . 
 grand was always hunting us , and we were always running like hell to slip away . 
 it 's just the way things were . 
 grand was too strong . 
 he 'd heal from bullets in hours . 
 could smell you coming a mile away . 
 he has abilities we do n't even know about . 
 `` mom always said he was too dangerous to hunt . 
 she would know , after everything she went through . 
 but tammy thought this was our chance . 
 i knew it was a trap . 
 he 'd tried to lure us out before . 
 tammy and i ... we had a terrible fight about it . 
 i , uh , '' gabe laughs and shakes his head . 
 his fingers tap the sides of the bottle between his hands . 
 `` i called tammy a stupid cunt . 
 she called me a coward and other things , threw a plate at my head . 
 tarren was there , but he did n't say a thing . 
 i said ... i said , '' gabe takes a deep breath . 
 `` i said something i 'll regret for the rest of my life . 
 next morning when i woke up they were gone . 
 tarren knew it was suicide , but he would follow tammy to the gates of hell if that 's where she wanted to go . '' 
 gabe 's voice is shaking . 
 `` i would 've gone with them . 
 even if it was a trap . '' 
 his fingers tap , tap , tap the glass as he gathers himself , tries to push through . 
 `` you ca n't know what it was like . 
 their phones went straight to voicemail . 
 i had no idea where they were . 
 i thought i had lost everyone . 
 i wanted to die . '' 
 `` gabe . '' 
 i put my hand on his arm , and he does n't flinch . 
 `` i was eighteen , '' he says quietly . 
 `` i thought that was the worst day of my life , but it was n't . '' 
 he shrugs away my hand . 
 `` this is so stupid , '' he mutters . 
 his eyes are wet , turned a warm honey in the sunlight . 
 `` i thought that was the worst day of my life , '' he says again , `` until tarren called . 
 the car was covered in blood , and he was barely conscious by the time i got to him . 
 i do n't know how he even managed to get as far as he did or how he hotwired that car . 
 it was ... it was , '' his voice cracks , `` god ! '' 
 gabe stands up and leans against the wooden beam supporting the overhang . 
 i close my eyes and see it all over again : tarren gazing at his disfigured body in the mirror , the plumes of shame and anger glowing all around him . 
 all of his scars are crystalized in my mind . 
 i blink , but the image does n't go away . 
 his eyes , points of pain locking onto mine ; that bead of water rolling down his neck . 
 it turns red . 
 his scars rip open , pulse blood through his tattered clothes . 
 tarren slumps forward and watches his life drip onto the wheel . 
 in my mind the story continues , propelled by the images gabe 's shaking voice imparts . 
 `` i 've never seen so much blood in my life , '' gabe whispers . 
 `` i had a towel in the trunk , and i tried to clean him up . 
 his clothes were in shreds ... '' gabe wrenches open the car door , catching tarren as he falls . 
 he tries not to cry , struggles not to let the fear overwhelm . 
 tarren gazes up at his brother , whispers something tarren-esq like `` you should n't have come . '' 
 `` ... he was n't coherent . 
 i kept asking where tammy was , and he would n't tell me . 
 the towel was soaked in blood . 
 the things i saw on his body . 
 i thought he was going to die . '' 
 tarren lies against the passenger-side window . 
 eyes blinking slow . 
 gabe asks over and over again , `` where is she ? 
 where is she ? '' 
 tarren mumbles , but his words are senseless . 
 blood smears the window as he presses his hand against it . 
 shaking hands . 
 gabe grips the sticky wheel , puts the car into gear and wipes his tears away as he drives . 
 `` you 're going to be okay , '' he says , because what else is there to say ? 
 `` you 're going to okay , you 're going to be okay , '' he chants like a mantra . 
 `` ... i could n't even take him to the hospital , '' gabe 's voice narrates across the scene . 
 `` i did n't know if grand was following him . 
 where tammy was . 
 tarren passed out , so i drove like hell to dr. lee . 
 i did n't think he would make it ... '' the long miles stretch out ahead of them . 
 gabe tries to take the turns easy so tarren 's head does n't bang against the window . 
 gabe is so young . 
 even skinnier than he is now . 
 shivering , trying to force his gaze forward on the road , but inadvertently glancing at his brother over and over again . 
 he takes tarren 's wrist , searching for that weakening pulse . 
 so , so , so afraid . 
 `` ... all those cuts . 
 all that blood , '' gabe croaks . 
 without warning he hurls the empty bottle , and it shatters against a tree in a spectacle of exploding glass . 
 the sound echoes through the trees , snapping me back to reality . 
 gabe 's aura rears up and engulfs him , so bright that it hurts my eyes . 
 the skin rips away from my palms , and the orbs lift up , pushing against the fabric of my gloves . 
 with a shudder , i turn away and press my hands down hard against the porch . 
 the song reaches all through me , echoing in weird ways inside my head until gabe speaks again . 
 `` we kept tarren pretty dosed on pain meds those first weeks . 
 i was afraid he 'd kill himself . '' 
 gabe lays his forehead against the post and closes his eyes . 
 `` he told me what happened . 
 once . 
 grand caught them both . 
 it was a trap . 
 he took them to one of his ` labs ' to have some fun . 
 tammy was the one who killed his brother lux , so grand decided to repay her the favor . 
 he cut up tarren in front of her eyes . 
 real slow . 
 burned him too . 
 when grand got bored , he killed tammy and then let tarren go . '' 
 `` just let him go ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 gabe opens his eyes , stares out across the lawn . 
 `` far as i can guess , grand wanted to track him back here , find our mother . 
 he did n't know she was dead . 
 tarren shook him somehow . 
 even half dead , tarren can still lose a tail . '' 
 gabe pauses to steady his voice . 
 `` and then tarren was different . 
 as soon as he could get out of bed , he was running every morning . 
 working out . 
 shooting and fighting . 
 we went back to hunting angels , and he was relentless . 
 we killed more that first year then the past three combined . 
 he used to read all the time . 
 play video games . 
 drink beer on the porch . 
 he does n't do any of that anymore . 
 it 's always training . 
 always searching for new hunts . 
 always killing . 
 he even had a girlfriend once , if you can believe it . 
 real sweet girl in pueblo . '' 
 gabe sits down next to me . 
 his energy is flagging , and i can lift my hands up and put them in my lap . 
 `` tammy took tarren 's soul with her when she died . 
 all that 's left is vengeance . '' 
 gabe stops and shakes his head . 
 after a while he says , `` there . 
 now you know the big family secret . '' 
 i put my hand on his shoulder again . 
 we watch the trees . 
 it 's a shame gabe ca n't see his aura and appreciate its delicate movements and aqua marine shades . 
 how strong it is . 
 how much brighter it glows than anything else out here . 
 i do n't think they know that humans look the best ; must be the best to feed on . 
 `` so ... '' gabe says finally , `` that must have been pretty awkward this morning . 
 did you ... was he , like , naked ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cry . 
 `` cause you are brother and sister , and that kind of thing just is n't ... '' i sock him in the arm , and gabe cries out , clutching his injured limb and rolling on his back . 
 `` oh shit ! 
 unfair use of super strength . '' 
 his body quakes with laughter . 
 `` it was n't funny ! '' 
 i shout at him . 
 `` ow . 
 totally not funny at all , '' he wheezes between laughs . 
 i try to keep my expression stern , but i ca n't . 
 the giggles burst out , and gabe , who is just recovering , falls back on his elbows in fits . 
 we are both lost , tears sliding down our faces , stomachs stitching up , our manic laughter peeling out and fretting the birds nearby . 
 chapter 25 i wait up for tarren , but he locks himself in his lab until midnight and then goes straight to his room . 
 no matter . 
 i finish my letter to dr. lamsin . 
 this is redemption . 
 or another way to pick at scabs . 
 now that i have a perfectly good computer to write with , i have realized that writing is most definitely out of the question . 
 i do n't have any use for an outlet . 
 things should not come out . 
 things should be bound in strait jackets and chains and locked in coffins and encased in cement . 
 things are the snot bubbles . 
 vein-covered bulbs rising up out of my hands . 
 dead puppies . 
 dead ryan . 
 karen with her medicine bag . 
 lots of cement . 
 so i apologize instead , and i use my safe little notebook . 
 small apologies first . 
 tonight i apologize to dr. lamsin , my shakespeare ii professor , for missing her class . 
 for any awkwardness my disappearance may have caused her and my classmates . 
 i sincerely hope that the ongoing search for my body is not cause for continual distraction . 
 my pen falters . 
 the last lines of the letter wait for closure . 
 i spent some time on the roof yesterday reading hamlet , and when i close my eyes , the words are there , all of them , suspended in the ether of my mind . 
 i quickly peruse the iambic pentameters , pluck a random flower , and scribble it in , though i suspect it hardly makes any sense at all . 
 my words fly up , my thoughts remain below : words without thoughts never to heaven go . 
 i feel slightly better , maybe even a little noble for all the suffering i have endured . 
 not submitting like katherina . 
 not cracking wide open like ophelia . 
 not giving up like juliette . 
 not yet . 
 i close the notebook and trace the intricate swirls on the front . 
 it is a quality journal , black with electric blue lines twisting around the front and back cover . 
 it has a real spine and thick vanilla paper . 
 i was surprised to pull it out of the bag of clothes and toiletries that tarren picked up for me . 
 i did n't ask him to buy it . 
 * * * the next morning i am ready . 
 i crouch on the roof , letting the rising sun wake my skin . 
 the door opens below , and tarren takes a deep breath of the fresh air . 
 with a polite cough to gain his attention , i exaggerate my leap for effect , throwing myself backwards off the roof . 
 with a graceful twist , i land softly in front of tarren . 
 if he is impressed with my mad skills , he fails to show it . 
 i pretend i was n't at all expecting a compliment . 
 i try to match his detached air , pushing back my shoulders and setting my face into a disaffected expression with a hint of grimace . 
 `` i want to run with you , '' i say . 
 tarren frowns . 
 i frown back . 
 we frown at each other . 
 i had meant to apologize . 
 i had meant to say `` hello . '' 
 tarren takes off without a word , and i follow , keeping at his shoulder . 
 we move through the woods , skipping over roots and shuttling up and down embankments . 
 tarren increases his speed , but i stay with him . 
 we run in silence for an hour as the sun warms the air around us . 
 i 'm sure we should have turned back already , but tarren keeps pushing forward . 
 i realize that he 's testing me . 
 all i wanted was to see about breaking this tense reserve between us , but he 's turned my gesture of reconciliation into a competition . 
 i keep my face placid , but my anger flares . 
 it 's amazing how easily tarren can reach inside me and stir up the dark places until the memories , like butterflies , take wing and flutter in front of my eyes . 
 the gun held steady , aimed at my head . 
 tarren 's gun . 
 blood all over him . 
 his cold eyes locking onto mine in the mirror . 
 his humorless mouth . 
 glowering face . 
 the stupid nice things he does that almost make me feel sorry for him . 
 but i do n't . 
 if tarren wants a competition , then he 'll get it . 
 one glance at his energy field , and i know that i can beat him . 
 sweat runs down his face , and his heart is thudding hard . 
 the heavy sun propels me even as it weakens him . 
 miles slips beneath our shoes , and tarren stubbornly keeps up the pace . 
 i stay at his shoulder . 
 the trees trap the heat and turn it swampy around us . 
 my body is wet , and the things inside of it -- lungs , hamstrings , calves -- ache with deepening timbres . 
 but i 'm going to win , and it wo n't be long now . 
 we 've been running hard for hours . 
 tarren 's steps are swaying . 
 his energy is faded to a thin foggy glow that hugs close to his body and spikes with red and wild yellow jags . 
 i want him to fail , and i sing it to him in my head . 
 fail , fail , fail . 
 fail on the trail . 
 fall on a nail . 
 darkness stirred up and tasting sweet . 
 i am giddy with the idea of watching him crumple from heat exhaustion . 
 he needs to be humbled . 
 except he 's already been humbled . 
 broken to this and me trying to crush the pieces smaller . 
 just as fast as it comes , the anger empties from my mind . 
 i surprise myself -- i slow down . 
 `` tarren , '' i call , `` i ca n't ... ca n't run anymore . '' 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 he tries not to wheeze . 
 his cheeks are flushed deep red , and his hair goes black when it 's soaked like this . 
 he still insists on long sleeves and pants even though i know . 
 `` yeah , i 'm about to drop . 
 you can keep going though . '' 
 `` it 's fine , '' he says . 
 `` you do n't know the way back . '' 
 his heart rate is still fluttering hard , so i beg to walk . 
 we amble through the woods . 
 there are so many questions flitting through my mind all twisted and warped with the heat and my weeping muscles and the song with its claws out . 
 `` what was she like ? '' 
 i hear myself ask . 
 `` diana . '' 
 tarren looks at me with guarded eyes . 
 `` my mother ? '' 
 `` our mother . '' 
 i keep the hurt out of my voice . 
 it may have been an accident . 
 tarren takes his time with the answer . 
 musing is n't the right word . 
 it 's too casual . 
 processing is better . 
 he must have an entire company inside of his head measuring , chiseling , having committee hearings on possible answers and testing their structural integrity before releasing a finished product into the world . 
 `` tired , '' he says . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i remember ... she always seemed tired . '' 
 `` wait , '' i ca n't keep the disappointment out of my voice , `` i thought she was , like , amazon mom . 
 intelligent , courageous . 
 gabe says she was incredible . '' 
 tarren tilts his head in a very un-tarren-like way . 
 his face is thoughtful . 
 `` of course she was . 
 it takes a lot of energy to be incredible . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 this is when i realize that there is a tarren underneath the mean , angry tarren i know . 
 not exactly a good tarren , but a real tarren ; someone who looks like he may just smile for real . 
 chapter 26 two weeks pass , and something like a routine begins to develop until gabe finds an angel and we go after it . 
 * * * tarren and i run each morning , silent , focused , racing the sun as it lumbers up over the horizon . 
 i follow the rhythmic rise and fall of tarren 's shoulder , and these are the scarce moments when my mind empties , and the song is hollow and distant . 
 we come home to bluegrass strumming out of gabe 's computer speakers as he studies death and finds small flowers of humor in that seemingly barren field . 
 he gives us the `` obit of the day , '' and i pretend it 's not creepy , and that there is n't something sinister , staked gauzy and invisible like spider webs around our lives . 
 in the afternoon the boys go into town to fight and return home with new bruises and little jags of red in their auras . 
 they spend the long , hot noon hours shooting empty soup cans in the backyard or grunting with weights in the basement . 
 in the evening , gabe replaces bluegrass twang with punky alternative beats as he fiddles with web code , plays online poker and chats with friends who will never know his real name . 
 tarren finds chores to do over at dr. lee 's house or riddles me with questions in his lab . 
 tarren 's lab . 
 i expect needles , jumbo computers , brain wave readers , beakers foaming with purple liquid . 
 instead , i find a small and tidy room filled with books , a locked filing cabinet , a small fridge and a single microscope on a desk . 
 i notice the faint outline of shapes on the walls beneath layers of white paint and remember gabe telling me that this had been tammy 's bedroom . 
 there are no crazy experiments , no dashes of lightning and high , cackling laughs . 
 no trace of any vial holding a magic , glowing cure . 
 instead , it 's just tarren with a never ending list of mundane questions breaking me into bits and pieces . 
 i lie more than i should . 
 a recorder sits on the desk next to me drinking up my hedges and nervous stutters and long silences when i do n't know how to answer or evade . 
 i do n't tell tarren about the colors in the auras . 
 or the song . 
 when tarren asks again and again about how grand changed me , i emphasize the one needle part or spin around on the stool , because this always makes him frown . 
 it is almost a relief when tarren asks me to do pushups or pull ups , to jump , to run a loop through the woods as fast as i can or to lift ever-increasing amounts of weight . 
 i never press to my full limit . 
 some deeply-embedded fear does n't want me to reveal my true strength to tarren , or perhaps to myself . 
 it terrifies me how my muscles can unleash a tide of pushups , how i can bench press two hundred pounds , two fifty , three hundred , before i stop because this is so , so , so wrong . 
 i ca n't decipher the dark , muddy colors that climb into tarren 's aura while he watches and records my numbers . 
 i learn that the key to extricating myself from tarren 's questions and his tests is to start asking him questions of my own . 
 what did our mother 's voice sound like ? 
 when did diana tell her children about angels ? 
 when did she start training them ? 
 when did they begin to kill ? 
 do other people fight angels ? 
 do the fox brothers have aunts and uncles and grandparents ? 
 soon enough tarren will put storm clouds on his face and duck behind them . 
 `` we 're done , '' he says , and i 'm free to go hang out with gabe , read a book on the roof , imagine new grand-killing scenarios or write more apologies to the people from my old life . 
 at night gabe is in the mood for rock and cranks it loud as he pulls up different map views on each computer screen and searches for patterns among the dead . 
 if he does n't find anything , we watch cheesy action flicks or he 'll goad me into playing video games . 
 he always fries me with fireballs , skewers me with a samurai sword or pummels me into pulp , but i 'm getting good quick . 
 i ask him the same questions that put storm clouds on tarren 's face , and gabe takes some delight in answering each one with a blatant , long-winded lie that closely resembles a plot from star wars , indiana jones or one of the national lampoon vacation movies . 
 * * * on a particular night when i 'm in one of my moods where i ca n't really handle anything , i crawl up onto the roof and think about diana . 
 when i close my eyes , i can see her face perfectly , the way it was in the beach photograph on the bookshelf in my bedroom . 
 she was beautiful and strong -- a modern day amazon -- but i think she was a terrible mother to raise her children as soldiers . 
 to press guns into their hands and deny them a chance to know anything different . 
 what kind of love is that ? 
 was she so obsessed with revenge that she would sacrifice anything ? 
 the question echoes in my mind then turns its fangs on me . 
 how far would you go to kill grand ? 
 i know better than to answer . 
 i try to rein myself in , but the darkness is awake and churning . 
 diana ... mom , when you gave me away , were you protecting me or glad to be rid of me ? 
 i stare up at the stars , imaging her blue-gray eyes hidden somewhere beneath their bright points . 
 why did you even carry me to term ? 
 gabe rescues me from my thoughts . 
 he clamors loudly onto the roof , stretches out on his back next to me and lets out a big sigh . 
 i 'm sitting up , legs crossed , and i automatically tuck my hands protectively into the sleeves of my too-big jacket . 
 we both look up at the stars and do n't say anything for a while . 
 perhaps they catch the secrets of our hearts and hold them for us until we are brave enough to give them voice . 
 pixie girl is stupid girl . 
 the night is filled with cricket harmonies and the slow dip of fireflies below . 
 i take a breath , smelling the scent of pine needles , hearing the animal songs lifting out from the trees around us . 
 it still seems so strange not to hear an undercurrent of traffic , the many different voices of strangers going about their lives in close approximation to yours , to breathe and not catch hints of barbeque or fast food or car exhaust . 
 there is such a loneliness in this -- remembering what i alone have lost . 
 colorado loses its heat at night , but gabe , as always , seems comfortable in just his t-shirt . 
 for good measure , he kicks off his shoes . 
 one of them picks up speed and goes tumbling down the slope of the roof . 
 i am up , leaping like a dancer , hooking a finger through the laces and catching the shoe just before it plunges into the night . 
 i bring the renegade footwear back to gabe . 
 `` show off , '' he drawls . 
 the smile does n't linger on his face , and i notice new , darker shades pulsing in his aura . 
 for no discernable reason , gabe begins answering the questions i 'd given up on asking . 
 he tells me that diana started training her children young in self-defense . 
 she taught them how to run away if the angels ever came , how to hide . 
 always know the exits . 
 look at everyone 's hands , but do n't let them know that you 're looking . 
 stay calm . 
 always stay calm . 
 gabe does n't realize how well i can see his face in the darkness , because as he speaks , the careful indifference slides away , and all that 's left is the lost puppy look , lots of lines , and the smiles fled far away . 
 `` we had a choice , '' gabe insists though i did not challenge him . 
 `` mom never pressured us to fight . 
 tried to talk us out of it , actually . 
 but i wanted to fight . 
 so did tammy . 
 we wanted to save people . 
 be heroes . 
 mom said heroes were idiots who whittled away their lives for a world that could n't be saved . 
 she said it was lonely , bitter , exhausting . 
 constant sacrifice . 
 i thought it all sounded awesome . 
 tarren was the smart one . 
 he said ` no . ' 
 sometimes i think the only reason he ever started looking for a cure was so that he could end all this and have his family back . '' 
 `` of course , that was before , '' gabe adds . 
 i simply can not abide the wretched look on gabe 's face , so i take a deep breath and say , `` i did n't go to my prom either . 
 no one asked me junior or senior year . 
 i bought a dress though , just in case . 
 it 's still hanging in my closet at home . 
 well , if my parents did n't clean it out . '' 
 gabe turns his head in my direction . 
 `` the police called off the search for me yesterday , '' i tell him . 
 `` did you know that ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 after a while he says , `` i did n't know about you for a long time . 
 mom only told me the week before she died . 
 not sure why . 
 maybe she wanted to confess . 
 lay her burdens down before the end . 
 afterwards , i would wonder about you sometimes . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yeah , what you looked like . 
 if you had any funny quirks . 
 what kind of life you led . 
 if you were happy . 
 i kind of imagined you with more freckles for some reason . 
 and sometimes if things got real bad -- the first time was when we had to drown this guy . 
 me and tarren and tammy all holding him under , this angel , in his own pool -- i would think of you out there in the world and how we were making it a little safer for you , maybe a little better . '' 
 gabe 's voice is soft and shy , and he 's gone back to noticing the stars . 
 `` i know that sounds lame , but it helped . '' 
 `` and how did i turn out ? 
 anything like you imagined ? '' 
 `` angelic , '' gabe says with a grin , and then when i do n't respond , `` or was that stupid ? '' 
 `` kind of a sore point . '' 
 now i 'm looking up at the stars , counting them rapidly in my head because i can now . 
 `` well , then not angelic at all . 
 you 're a low down , ig ’n ant , scumbag human like the rest of us . '' 
 `` thanks gabe . '' 
 `` anytime sis , '' he replies , and the word jars me out of my count . 
 it takes me a moment to recover , but when i do , i am bold enough to say , `` tell me what 's wrong . '' 
 gabe is quiet for a while . 
 i follow his gaze up to the stars , trying to see what 's painting yellow hues into his aura . 
 `` mom was right , '' gabe says , `` this is n't a good life . '' 
 his voice is low and sad and those lines are back , digging in around his mouth . 
 `` gabe , just tell me . '' 
 he sits up , still wo n't look at me . 
 `` i found something . '' 
 `` grand ? 
 is it grand ? '' 
 `` nah , grand would never be stupid enough to show up in my search algorithms . 
 no , there 's been a few deaths out in arizona , california and mexico . 
 looks like an angel . 
 i have n't told tarren yet . 
 he 'll have us out the door and on the road in ten minutes . '' 
 gabe pauses , swallows . 
 `` he wo n't want to leave you alone in the house . '' 
 `` good , because i 'm coming . 
 i 'll need a gun , '' i say . 
 gabe grimaces . 
 `` maya , i do n't want this life for you , '' he says as if he honestly does n't realize that revenge is the only reason i have left to exist . 
 `` it 's not your choice anymore gabe . 
 i want to fight . '' 
 the cloak of night is all around us -- the animal melodies , the hunger drawing my eyes to gabe 's energy . 
 i am aware of every little flick of movement , the red blush of his pain growing brighter within the flowing blues . 
 `` please maya , '' gabe whispers , `` sit this first one out . 
 make sure it 's what you really want . '' 
 `` i know what -- '' `` just this one time , for me . 
 i know i do n't have any right to ask , but ... '' he trails off and finally his eyes come up to meet mine . 
 dark wells of pain . 
 it 's crazy how much i care about gabe after only two weeks , how deep that soft little tremble in his voice cuts . 
 `` alright , just this time , '' i say , `` but i wo n't change my mind . '' 
 the smile is slow to come to his face , but when it lands , it stretches wide . 
 chapter 27 gabe and tarren hole up in what gabe refers to as `` the fox cave '' and what i refer to as the weird-smelling room in the basement where an old projector and a big map of the country sit on two rickety card tables pushed together . 
 i am not invited to this conference , so , with dignity , i lay flat against the sticky linoleum in the kitchen and listen through the floor as gabe presents the evidence , and the brothers develop a plan to track and kill the angel . 
 this part takes fifteen minutes . 
 the next half hour is spent arguing about me . 
 `` we have to watch her at all times , '' tarren insists . 
 `` why are we going over this again ? 
 i get it , '' gabe retorts . 
 `` gabe , she could lose control at any moment . 
 you have to realize that . 
 anything could set her off . 
 we need to take her to lo . '' 
 gabe 's voice jumps an octave . 
 `` she 's not a lab animal ; she 's our sister . 
 plus , i hate that little fucker . '' 
 `` we need to know the extent of the change , what exactly we 're dealing with . '' 
 their words echo in my mind , growing loud and mean : lab animal , dealing with , anything , anything , anything could set her off . 
 `` ... develop a cure , '' tarren is saying . 
 `` come on , we 're wasting time . '' 
 `` tarren , '' gabe says , and in the silence that follows , i can only imagine that the brothers are exchanging one of those powerful looks that they keep in reserve for taut moments like this . 
 when gabe speaks again , his voice is so low i almost miss his words . 
 `` she 's trying real hard , '' he says . 
 `` i know , '' tarren replies . 
 he pauses . 
 `` but that does n't change the risk she presents . '' 
 i roll over on my back and stare at the cracks racing across the ceiling . 
 there is a wild banshee scream building inside me , fueled by tarren and so many other things , but mostly tarren . 
 i wrestle it down , try to let the wretched notes seep out of my body . 
 the basement stairs groan as the brothers climb up . 
 * * * our first mission . 
 i 'm not sure what to expect . 
 dramatic theme music ? 
 an extensive scene where the boys change into high-tech fighting costumes ? 
 tarren narrowing his eyes and growling `` let 's go '' and stomping the gas so hard that the tires squeal ? 
 instead , tarren backs us out of the driveway with his usual restraint , stops at each stop sign and turns on his blinker even when no one is around . 
 gabe munches on a powerbar , reclines his seat back and puts his feet up on the dashboard . 
 `` off , '' tarren says . 
 `` what ? '' 
 gabe whines but his feet slide off . 
 a little while later , he looks out the window . 
 `` farewell to farewell , '' he calls as we turn onto the highway and the little town recedes quickly behind us . 
 `` money , '' i say before any silence can get a foothold . 
 `` you need some ? '' 
 gabe asks . 
 `` how do you make money ? '' 
 `` that 's all me . '' 
 gabe looks at his brother , grins . 
 tarren remains silent , but his energy ticks with hints of orange . 
 `` i 'm assuming some sort of fraud here , '' i say . 
 `` what ? '' 
 gabe turns in his seat to look at me with feigned offense . 
 `` i am an upstanding , law-abiding citizen as far as anyone knows . '' 
 `` except when you 're killing people . '' 
 `` only the ones who deserve it , '' he laughs easy and loose , and i do n't know how he can do it . 
 `` if you must know , i perform the very honorable and noble service of facilitating romantic relationships online . '' 
 another flick in tarren 's energy field , but his face does n't betray any emotions . 
 he keeps his eyes on the road . 
 `` you 're an e-pimp ? '' 
 `` dating websites . 
 niche . 
 i 've got seniorssecondchance.com , littlepeoplelotsoflove.com , hippybliss.com , and i just got hatershatingtogether.com , you know for those people who hate everything . 
 they can , i do n't know , go to the movies and complain about it to each other the whole way through . '' 
 `` oh come on . 
 you make money from that ? '' 
 gabe nods proudly . 
 `` google ads baby . 
 people visit the site , click on the ads , and google thanks me with a little tip to my paypal account . 
 paypal sends me a cashier 's check . 
 farewell 's got this delightful little check cashing place that gives me a 10 % haircut with no questions asked , and the cash goes on prepaid credit cards . 
 wha-la ! '' 
 i study those elf eyes . 
 `` oh god , midgets ? 
 really ? '' 
 `` actually , they prefer to be called ` little people ' , '' gabe corrects , `` and little people have big hearts . 
 they deserve to find love just like everyone else . 
 even those people who hate everything . '' 
 gabe tips his head ever-so-slightly in tarren 's direction . 
 tarren notices . 
 `` i do n't hate everything . '' 
 `` guns are n't people , '' gabe says . 
 when i laugh , gabe turns to me . 
 `` neither are books . '' 
 he 's right ; books are so much better than people . 
 `` anyway , '' gabe continues , `` the sites do n't bring in a lot , but it 's enough . 
 keeps gas in the cars '' -- he pats the glove compartment -- `` beer in the fridge and bullets in the guns . '' 
 `` bravo ! '' 
 i clap , and gabe gives me a little bow . 
 i press on with my questions , but teasing answers from the brothers is about as easy as moving a pile of sand using chopsticks . 
 tarren is obstinate , answering in a clipped monotone when he acknowledges a question at all . 
 gabe is a freestyle art form all by himself , skimming across wide-ranging topics , taking random detours , diverting away from direct answers and launching into wild , epic adventures starring himself whenever i ask something too personal . 
 i learn that there are areas , lots of them , that the brothers have somehow agreed are off limits . 
 i 'll see it first in tarren 's energy field -- yellow hues pulsing at the edges -- and then gabe will inevitably shift the conversation with only the slightest hesitation as he recalibrates . 
 i do n't understand what this means , what secrets they hold back from me , why gabe is so much more careful in tarren 's presence . 
 despite a valiant effort from myself and gabe and no assistance whatsoever from tarren who is a big , mean , angry-eyed lug , our conversation dwindles and dies . 
 in its place , silence takes seed and grows into a solid wall of thorny vines , sequestering each of us off into our own little worlds . 
 i hate this . 
 my world is an apocalyptic landscape filled with burned out buildings and ghostly memories drifting through the charred husks . 
 we drive straight to arizona , stopping only for gas , restrooms and a pet shop where gabe buys me three terrified little mice . 
 i ice two of them before we set off again and save the last for later . 
 the snack dampens my hunger for a while , but , inevitably , night falls and the song takes up its willowy call . 
 its tantalizing notes grow louder and louder , tingling down each nerve and building up heat in my hands . 
 i sit on my hands , try to gaze out the window at the bright , cutting headlights from the other cars and the many different faces coming into relief as we pass each other . 
 but my head is always turning back , eyes landing again and again on gabe 's sapphire aura . 
 i 'm getting that overwhelmed feeling again , so i lay down across the back seat and take off the stupid floppy hat that tarren instructed me to wear at all times . 
 `` maya , put the hat back on , '' tarren says immediately . 
 he seems to notice everything . 
 `` it 's hideous . '' 
 `` it 's for your ... '' gabe takes a deep breath , trying to contain his laughter , `` ... your own good . 
 think of it as being undercover . '' 
 he smirks . 
 `` if anyone recognizes you ... '' tarren begins . 
 `` i 'm wearing these huge , stupid sunglasses . '' 
 `` that 's not enough ... '' `` at night , which is only what assholes do . 
 and my hair is completely different . '' 
 `` i had to dress up as a clown once , '' gabe says . 
 tarren and i stop our bickering and look at him . 
 `` oh yeah , i forgot about that , '' tarren muses . 
 `` put the hat on maya . '' 
 `` we had to get into this guy 's home , '' gabe continues . 
 `` an angel . 
 it was his kid 's birthday . 
 fancy gated subdivision . 
 we were hanging around the front trying to think of a way in , and this clown comes driving by . 
 remember ? '' 
 gabe glances at his brother but gives him no time to respond . 
 `` we jumped him , and he was all crying , saying he did n't have any money and his cat had leukemia or something . 
 tied him up , took his costume , threw him in the trunk . 
 that was one unhappy clown . '' 
 `` hat , '' tarren says . 
 i shove the hat on my head . 
 `` did you kill the angel ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' gabe replies then adds , `` but , not like in front of the kids or anything , and i used a silencer . '' 
 `` but you killed the kid 's dad on his birthday , and you traumatized an innocent clown . '' 
 `` well , life can be a suckfest sometimes , '' gabe shrugs and twists in his seat to look at me . 
 `` that guy iced a lot of people before we found him . 
 oh , you look ... '' elf eyes filled with mirth , `` ... oh god , you look ridiculous . '' 
 `` the hell with you both ! '' 
 i cry , and slump down into my seat . 
 when the sun finally peeks up over the horizon , i wonder why it seems so weary , so slow to extend its light to us . 
 we reach arizona and tarren nudges gabe awake . 
 `` can you get police dispatches out here ? '' 
 `` i can get ` em everywhere . 
 do n't doubt my mad skills . '' 
 gabe sits up , stretches , and i watch the colors shimmer through his aura . 
 tarren catches me , and i turn and gaze out at the desert around us . 
 `` sedona , '' gabe calls out a few minutes later . 
 he eyes the screen of his laptop . 
 `` body just got called in . 
 right off the 40 . 
 fits the pattern . 
 wings is going east . '' 
 `` damn , '' tarren mutters . 
 `` if he fed , then he wo n't turn up for another day . '' 
 `` hmmm , '' gabe 's fingers skate lightly across the keyboard . 
 `` the pattern of victims , they are n't as far away from each other as you 'd think . '' 
 gabe looks up at tarren . 
 `` suppose he does n't drive the whole day . 
 maybe he rests after he ices his victim , hangs around . 
 we 've seen it before . '' 
 `` not likely , '' tarren replies . 
 `` does n't hurt to check . 
 let 's stop by the crime scene , see if the cops got any leads . '' 
 tarren looks at his brother . 
 `` it 's dangerous . '' 
 `` come on , '' gabe 's eyes are bright , and he 's got that teasing smile on his face . 
 `` i bought us a perfectly good pair of border patrol badges that we 've never gotten to use . '' 
 `` sedona is n't near the border , and we do n't have uniforms . '' 
 `` border patrol owns arizona . 
 they can go wherever they want . 
 plus we 're plainclothes border patrol agents on a secret , undercover mission . 
 no uniforms . '' 
 `` border patrol goes plainclothes ? '' 
 `` yeah , why the hell not ? '' 
 gabe shrugs . 
 he looks back at me , winks . 
 `` got ta have fun with your job . '' 
 `` you have too much fun with your job , '' tarren mutters . 
 gabe laughs . 
 `` doing okay with all of this ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 `` peachy , '' i manage , though i am , in fact , nowhere near peachy . 
 i 'm suddenly all twitchy and out of breath , and my mind is starting to spray paint bright , graffiti words across my brain . 
 words like murder , danger , blood , bullets , bat shit insane . 
 as if he can read my mind , gabe 's face turns serious . 
 so does his energy . 
 all the playful greens fade away . 
 `` i know how it sounds , '' he says , `` but this is it ; this is the life . '' 
 i 'm not sure how to respond , so i do n't say anything at all . 
 chapter 28 gabe seems to have a particular talent for picking out the cheapest , filthiest motels on the planet . 
 i get dumped in a place that charges by the hour . 
 on our way to the room , we actually pass a hispanic guy with an eye patch . 
 an honest-to-god eye patch . 
 even without stellar hearing , the groans of male and female pleasure and the sharp cracks of spankings emanate clearly from the other rooms as we walk by . 
 gabe smirks . 
 tarren pretends like he does n't notice . 
 we stop in front of a door . 
 the knob is rusted and , after some struggle with the key , gabe heaves it open . 
 `` there we go , '' he says . 
 i give gabe a beseeching look . 
 the smile wavers from his face , and those gold-flecked eyes turn serious . 
 `` trust me , you 're getting the better deal , '' he says . 
 we all just kind of stand there , peering into the room . 
 i 've never been to a place like this , never smelled a room so overwhelmingly stale or seen so many moths clinging to the walls . 
 mold seeps through a yellowed stain on the ceiling and rat droppings gleam on the carpet . 
 gabe glances in the room and wrinkles his nose . 
 `` yeah , this one is pretty bad . 
 we 'll probably only be gone an hour or so . 
 as soon as we 're done , we 'll leave . '' 
 `` stay inside the room , '' tarren instructs . 
 `` do n't make any calls , do n't let anyone in unless it 's one of us . '' 
 he stares are me , waiting for an affirmation . 
 sometimes tarren 's eyes turn almost colorless , like frost . 
 i can almost hear the churn of his thoughts as he weighs the risk i represent , the need for delicacy in dealing with me . 
 his words echo again through my mind . 
 anything could set her off . 
 i know i have to be good about this -- me wallowing here , them going off to kill someone . 
 i swallow , nod , ignore the tugs of energy all around us from the other motel patrons . 
 `` i understand . 
 i 'll be okay here . 
 good luck . '' 
 `` here , '' gabe offers his psp . 
 `` i 've got zombie hordes in there right now . 
 just make sure you do n't save over my game . '' 
 i take the video game player , careful not to brush his skin . 
 `` just this one time , '' i say . 
 `` next time i go with you . '' 
 `` i know , '' gabe says . 
 they leave , but not before gabe offers me a few unsolicited zombie horde hints and tarren gives me an especially stark glower to tide me over during his absence . 
 i shift the curtains aside and watch the murano pull out of the parking lot . 
 off they go to do whatever it is that angel hunters do in order to find their prey . 
 i feel like i should shiver noticeably , or drop the curtain and turn broodingly into the shadows . 
 instead , i just stand there like a dolt , feeling adrift . 
 * * * the hours lapse upon each other like large , slow waves . 
 i take off the hat , the sunglasses . 
 i do n't want to go anywhere near the bed , so i sit indian style on the cleanest part of the rug . 
 for a while i stare at the door and think about how small a thing it is to turn a knob , to pull open a door , to step into the sunlight . 
 my old life is still out there . 
 karen . 
 henry . 
 school . 
 shakespeare ii . 
 i try to play zombie hordes . 
 i write apology letters to ryan 's family , and this causes sweet torrents of pain to course through me . 
 i beg forgiveness from his skinny , sallow-skinned father . 
 i tell his plump , nervous mother that i would have gladly given my life for his . 
 then there 's his sister , amy , who has down syndrome and who hugged with such abandon when we met for the first time . 
 what can i say to amy so that she will understand ? 
 what is there to understand about this at all ? 
 there are no lessons learned . 
 no spirits strengthened through suffering . 
 there is no comfort in the memories of beautiful moments and whispered endearments . 
 memories only bring pain and the aching helplessness of knowing that something has been irretrievably lost . 
 the third mouse goes after this , and when i 'm done i hide the little frozen body under the bed , because i do n't know what else to do with it . 
 after three hours in the room , i break tarren 's rule and climb onto the roof from the back window . 
 i sprawl on the dirty concrete and let the sun filter directly onto my skin . 
 arizona has lots of sun to give me , and my body greedily soaks in the energy it provides . 
 i wait . 
 the boys do n't come back . 
 i try not to worry or incessantly imagine multitudinous scenarios where one or both of them end up dead , torn to pieces by the bloody talons of an angel . 
 angels do n't have talons , i know , but this does n't stop my mind from engineering them along with leathery bat wings ripping from the angel 's shoulder blades as he sinks his fangs into gabe 's neck . 
 after another hour , i slip back into the room and vow to start searching for gabe and tarren if i do n't hear from them by nightfall . 
 i know this is an empty threat , and so i vow all the more passionately . 
 the truth is i am half convinced that tarren finally persuaded gabe of my true danger , and the boys abandoned me here in this hellhole . 
 my consolation to this thought is that tarren would never just abandon me . 
 no , he would finish what he started -- a bullet through my brain . 
 one less angel to worry about . 
 * * * it must have been the whetting sunrays on the roof , because without meaning to , i let my book fall out of my grip , lay my head down in my arms and drift off to sleep on the floor of the motel room . 
 my dreams are blurry and meaningless . 
 a voice whispering daughter , daughter . 
 ryan swooping down from the sky and snatching me up in his arms . 
 we kiss as his brown , leathery bat wings beat against the air and lift us up to the stars . 
 gabe is standing below us screaming , `` shit ! '' 
 our lips part . 
 i look at ryan 's face . 
 `` baby , you 're dead , '' i tell him . 
 then -- suddenly -- i am fully awake , crouching low , muscles tensing without knowing why or where i am . 
 the room is dark around me . 
 a noise . 
 the door handle turning . 
 squeaking hinges . 
 i feel a flow of energy come into the room . 
 tarren . 
 his face gives nothing away , but his body does . 
 a spray of blood arcs across his long-sleeve shirt all the way up to his neck and jaw . 
 `` oh my god , '' i gasp . 
 something strange is tugging inside my chest . 
 `` it is n't mine , '' tarren says as he crosses the room with long , powerful strides . 
 he goes into the bathroom , shuts the door . 
 the shower hisses to life . 
 `` where 's gabe ? '' 
 i ask the spot where tarren was . 
 `` right here . 
 you miss me ? '' 
 gabe walks through the door carrying a duffle bag on each shoulder . 
 i look him over , assessing his aura for any hints of red . 
 the normal bright blue of his energy is muddied and pale , but it 's stable . 
 i scan his body , wincing when he reaches across the bed to turn on the lamp . 
 there are drops of blood on his sneakers , and smudges between his fingers where a quick washing did n't get them off . 
 `` were you sleeping on the carpet ? '' 
 gabe catches my stare and smiles . 
 i put a finger to my cheek and feel the imprint of the carpet fibers on my skin . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` did you ... uh . '' 
 gabe sets the duffle bags onto the bed . 
 `` uh-huh . 
 got lucky . 
 this sicko liked to hang around his own crime scenes . 
 you know , get off on it . '' 
 he unzips one of the bags and picks out a set of clothes . 
 i know these are tarren 's clothes not only by the smell , but also because gabe pulls out a long sleeved shirt and jeans with no holes in them . 
 gabe knocks on the bathroom door , opens it and drops in the clothes without looking . 
 `` we noticed him at the crime scene , '' gabe says as he closes the bathroom door and then carefully avoids the rat droppings as he makes his way back to the bed . 
 `` followed him until he was alone and ... well , '' gabe shrugs . 
 `` clipped his wings . '' 
 `` killed him , '' i say . 
 the shower stops . 
 `` so , how far 'd you get with zombie hordes ? '' 
 gabe asks . 
 i do n't have time to answer . 
 tarren is out of the bathroom in two minutes ordering me to the car . 
 gabe is already pulling a bottle of bleach out of tarren 's duffle bag . 
 `` put the hat on , '' tarren calls after me as i slink out the door . 
 the murano smells like blood . 
 the seats look clean . 
 i follow the smell back toward the trunk . 
 with shaking hands , i lift the latch on the backseat and pull it down just a little . 
 a lumpy bundle wrapped in a tarp lies in the trunk . 
 gingerly , i put the seat back in place . 
 i turn around , fold my hands in my lap and try not to give into the maniac tears , laughter or screams that all struggle for release . 
 the boys are done cleaning the room in minutes . 
 i wonder if they found the dead mouse under the bed . 
 gabe gets behind the wheel . 
 `` seatbelts , '' he calls . 
 `` we 're going to meet a friend in las vegas , '' tarren tells me from the passenger seat . 
 `` we 'll make it in about five hours . '' 
 `` is there a body in the trunk ? '' 
 i ask . 
 gabe -- `` no . '' 
 tarren -- `` yes . '' 
 the brothers look at each other . 
 gabe frowns . 
 tarren shrugs . 
 `` it 's just a bundle of , uh , hockey sticks , '' gabe says . 
 `` it 's too big to be hockey sticks , '' i say , and ca n't keep the waver out of my voice . 
 `` yeah , of course , '' gabe replies . 
 `` but , ah , that 's because it 's a crash test dummy holding hockey sticks . '' 
 `` that 's even less believable than just the hockey sticks , '' tarren informs his brother . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 gabe starts the car . 
 we pull out of the parking lot . 
 i hear the body listing in the trunk . 
 a little warbly moan catches in my throat . 
 `` maya , just do n't think about it , '' gabe says . 
 `` okay , '' i say and try to put some power in my voice so it does n't come out like a croak . 
 i search for my sunglasses and shove them on my face even though it 's dark outside again . 
 i do n't want the boys to see me crying . 
 i do n't want to be crying . 
 i 'm so damn tired of my own tears . 
 chapter 29 we reach the outskirts of las vegas in the middle of the night and drop tarren off at a motel . 
 gabe and i find an animal shelter , and i learn that his hands are just as deft on locks and alarm systems as video game controllers . 
 `` gabe of all trades , '' he whispers , hat turned forward and pulled low over his face . 
 the animals erupt at my scent , and i scurry back out to the suv amid yips and low rolling growls . 
 gabe brings back a scarred pit bull , the leash wrapped tight around his hand . 
 the dog fights against the leash , throwing his head from side to side and squealing each time the collar bites into his neck . 
 `` no one 's going to adopt this guy , '' gabe says as if that could possibly make anything better . 
 `` no one but us . '' 
 i kneel and pet the dog . 
 his body shivers , and he nips at my hand each time i come close to a wound . 
 `` i 'll keep a lookout , '' gabe says and quickly strolls to the other side of the car . 
 `` well , life can be a suckfest sometimes , '' i tell the dog as i slowly wrap the leash around my hand , dragging the unwilling creature toward me . 
 * * * las vegas has a hangover in the morning . 
 the city is washed out , dry and nasty hot . 
 the lights blink and jive with futility against a brazen sun . 
 groups of tourists meander along littered sidewalks , and a few lone figures sway in and out of the shadows . 
 i watch one man lurch across the street , putting his hand on car hoods to keep himself up . 
 easy target , a thought whispers in my mind . 
 shut up , i think back . 
 shut up , shut up , shut up ! 
 `` we 've got to come back here when we 're done , '' gabe says , shading his eyes as he looks out the side window . 
 `` too many cameras , '' tarren replies . 
 `` but maya wants to see cirque du soleil . 
 it 's her dream of dreams . 
 why do you hate happiness ? '' 
 `` i do n't really ... '' i begin . 
 `` your humility is heartwarming , '' gabe cuts in . 
 `` i might just try my hand at a little texas hold ` em while she watches the show , you know , just to pass the time ... '' `` stay focused , '' tarren says . 
 `` you play poker on your computer all day long , '' i add . 
 `` you guys suck . 
 you make lame people look ... uh , much less lame or ... just shut up . '' 
 gabe lays his head against the window . 
 we leave the city behind , and move through a sprawl of condos and houses capped with terracotta tiles and sitting on lawns composed of gravel and desert brush . 
 it all looks so different from the cramped , proudly-weathered homes of connecticut . 
 the bundle in the trunk shifts whenever the car turns . 
 i hold a basketball in my lap , and bounce it on my knees . 
 i try not to think about why we are here or what tarren 's scientist friend will want to do to me . 
 tarren takes a turn up a private road , and we pass by tall iron gates protecting houses that may have tumbled out of the british countryside . 
 the desert has been championed by water pipes , diligent lawn care workers and sheer human determination to snuff out inconvenient landscapes . 
 i imagine barons and dukes pulling on tall black boots and galloping out for a summer morning foxhunt through the majestic palm trees . 
 one gate is open . 
 little iron lions rear up on each post . 
 we turn and follow a cobbled road to what can only be described as `` an estate '' built out of gray stone and unashamedly flaunting a bevy of peaks and latticed windows . 
 the bushes twist up in carefully-pruned majesty along the circular driveway , and lawn care workers scuttle back and forth from their trucks . 
 i search for the fountain and find it , a marble lion roaring out a gush of water . 
 while i am not gaping at the house or trying to count all the windows , tarren opens the back door opposite of me . 
 he shrugs on a backpack , hands gabe his computer bag and motions for the basketball . 
 `` would you call that a ` bevy ' of latticed windows ? '' 
 i ask and toss him the ball . 
 `` come on , '' is all he says back . 
 we wait at the door , and tarren rings the bell again . 
 i rock on the balls of my feet feeling conspicuous among the grandeur . 
 i 'm wearing a little jean skirt with flip flops , because the other sandals they bought do n't fit my wide feet . 
 tarren sweats in the blue jacket he wo n't take off . 
 gabe is in a rumpled x-men t-shirt , and his jeans are torn at both knees . 
 he 's pretty much perfected the stoner look . 
 as for myself , the wide-brimmed hat/flip flop combo screams tweaker . 
 and tarren ... looks fine . 
 the jacket works , and the faded jeans give him an air of cool casual . 
 dammit . 
 a faint crash sounds from within the house followed by a high giggle . 
 `` someone 's been hitting the sauce again , '' gabe mutters under his breath . 
 `` muchos cervezas . '' 
 tarren frowns at his brother as the door swings open , and a large-boned woman with an apparent fondness for loud colors leans against the frame . 
 her breasts swell beneath a tight , pink blouse . 
 a smile see-saws its way onto her mouth as she sees me and then moves along to tarren . 
 `` oh troy ! '' 
 she gazes at tarren . 
 `` oh , how wonderful . 
 you 're here . '' 
 `` good afternoon mrs. hernandez , '' tarren says . 
 `` we 're here to spend some time with ... '' `` it 's miss hernandez now darling . 
 do n't make me keep reminding you . '' 
 she gives a hiccupping laugh . 
 gabe snorts . 
 `` lee , hello sweetie , '' the woman drawls . 
 `` hola , you 're looking lovely as usual . '' 
 gabe puts on his best grin . 
 `` good boy . 
 i 'm fat and hideous . 
 una gorda . 
 but you two . 
 oh , you boys look good enough to eat ! '' 
 her eyes linger on tarren . 
 `` this is buffy , '' gabe nods to me . 
 `` she 's new to big brothers and big sisters , so we 're teaching her the ropes . '' 
 `` why , are n't you a skinny little thing . '' 
 the woman gives me a crooked smile . 
 `` that hat , darling . 
 well , is n't that something . '' 
 `` thanks , i simply adore it . '' 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 a voice calls from inside the house . 
 `` it 's troy . 
 troy is here , '' the woman calls behind her . 
 `` get out the way . '' 
 a teenage boy squeezes in front of the woman and blinks up at us beneath a mop of black hair . 
 his eyes find mine and alight with interest . 
 `` we brought chutes and ladders , '' gabe says to him cheerfully . 
 `` you do know you have to be able to count to play that game , '' the boy responds in a voice that seems too deep for his thin body and young face . 
 `` we 'll take it slow . '' 
 gabe ignores tarren 's scowl . 
 `` that 's what big brothers is for . '' 
 `` oh that sounds fun , '' miss hernandez murmurs as the kid glowers at gabe . 
 `` if you boys need anything , just go get it . 
 watch out , i think there 's some broken glass . '' 
 `` alright carmen , '' the boy says , `` you 've sufficiently embarrassed yourself for the time being . 
 we 're going to be in the lab . 
 do n't bother us . '' 
 `` miss hernandez , '' tarren steps in quickly , `` why do n't you let lee help you clean up that glass . '' 
 `` oh , how lovely of you . '' 
 the smile tips back onto the woman 's face . 
 `` lee , there 's cookies in the kitchen . 
 you can have as many as you want as long as you do n't let me touch ` em . '' 
 `` awesome , '' gabe says as the boy turns and stalks away into the house . 
 `` bring the car around back when you 're done so we can unload the hockey sticks , '' tarren says to his brother , then nods for me to follow the boy into the house . 
 the kid is skinny as a wraith and his long loping gait leads us through a house made up of expansive rooms , tiled floors and curvy , modern furniture . 
 my cheapo sandals squeak on the floor as we pass through a dining room , a media room , a game room , something that seems like another dining room and then into a massive lounge . 
 a life-sized painting looming over a completely pointless fireplace shows a muscular hispanic man wearing boxing gloves and shorts and leering with a mixture of pride , arrogance and a little stupid thrown on top . 
 he stands in a boxing ring , and two lions prowl behind him . 
 we take a back door and emerge into the sun behind the house . 
 i loosen my fists . 
 the song is still here , always here , but softens as my skin opens to the sunlight . 
 i am briefly distracted by a two-tiered pool disappearing into a grove of lush plants . 
 stone lions guard the path . 
 i touch them and feel warm marble beneath my fingertips . 
 stupid lions . 
 stupid splendor . 
 `` lo , you should respect your mother , '' tarren tells the boy . 
 `` that booze hound ? '' 
 the boy shrugs . 
 `` she 's worthless . 
 respect is earned , not given . 
 and it 's stepmother . '' 
 `` this is lo ? '' 
 i accuse tarren . 
 `` how old is he ? 
 the boy turns around and gives me an appraising look . 
 dark eyes sit under thick black brows . 
 he emotes a bad ass vibe with middling success . 
 hoops stand out on his nose and lip , and he wears a skull and cross bones t-shirt . 
 `` how old you want me to be ? '' 
 `` none of that , '' tarren says sternly . 
 `` you said he was a brilliant scientist , '' i argue . 
 the boy stops . 
 his eyes blink rapidly . 
 `` i 'm smarter than you 'll ever be , '' he states matter-of-factly . 
 `` also , lose the hat . 
 you look like some middle-aged basket case who shows up at walmart in her pajamas in the middle of the day . 
 those women should just kill themselves already . '' 
 tarren gives me a warning look as i open my mouth to respond . 
 we continue past the pool to a large guest house set away from the rest of the property . 
 lo taps in a code on the keypad and presses his thumb against the screen . 
 `` fingerprint analysis , really ? '' 
 tarren asks . 
 `` we 're working on some dangerous shit in here troy . 
 got ta ' be careful . '' 
 a smug smile comes and goes on the boy 's face . 
 a green light blinks on above the door , and lo pulls it open . 
 bright white lights flicker on to reveal a sterile room that looks very labish in a kind of fake way that you see in movies or on television . 
 the air is cool and crisp , and i hear the hum of an air conditioner vibrating through the walls . 
 microscopes and racks of beakers sit on the counter tops . 
 a large table stands in the middle of the room connected to a machine that looks like a big , somewhat menacing donut . 
 `` how did you manage a ct scan ? '' 
 tarren asks . 
 lo blinks . 
 `` carmen and i agreed to a parent-by-purchase arrangement . 
 she buys me whatever i ask for , and i stop releasing hornets during her dinner parties . 
 it 's worked out quite nicely so far . '' 
 i gaze at the black freezer chest in the corner . 
 it 's large enough to fit a body . 
 several bodies . 
 i turn and notice lo staring at me . 
 he takes his time , running his gaze up and down my body . 
 his face remains passive , but his eyes are expressive and bright with curiosity . 
 his energy courses rapidly around his body , not jumpy like tarren 's but quick and focused . 
 `` so this is the hybrid . 
 amazing . '' 
 lo shakes his head . 
 `` and a hottie too . 
 bonus . '' 
 tarren rolls the basketball into the corner , shrugs off his backpack and pulls out a notebook . 
 i discard the hat and sunglasses . 
 lo pulls on a black lab coat , skull and crossbones on the pocket . 
 `` you kind of look like that chick who 's missing . 
 what 's her name . '' 
 `` maya , '' tarren says as the heat rises in my face . 
 lo blinks and blinks again . 
 `` oh , no way . 
 holy jesus , mary and joseph , you two are unbelievable . '' 
 he lets out a high-pitched laugh . 
 `` you guys are in deep shit . 
 everyone and their arthritic , cancer-ridden grandmother is looking for her . '' 
 `` just shut up and do whatever it is you 're supposed to do . '' 
 my voice trembles . 
 `` yeah , '' lo coughs and blinks . 
 he pulls open a drawer . 
 `` you know , this must be really traumatizing . 
 if you need a shoulder to cry on . 
 i 'm here for you , baby . '' 
 `` lo , '' tarren warns . 
 `` i 'm not a virgin , you know , '' lo continues , `` and i 've read a lot of things . 
 ever hear of the kama sutra ? 
 i have it memorized . '' 
 raw , bright colors edge into his aura . 
 `` you 're like twelve ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` that 's not what my fake id says . '' 
 `` enough , '' tarren says quietly . 
 `` we 've got work to do . '' 
 * * * they do get to work . 
 tedious hours tick by as they examine me , take blood and hair samples and measure my radiation output . 
 i am poked and prodded , x-rayed and scanned . 
 i lay on the table for long stretches of time reading the count of monte cristo as the boys peer at my blood beneath a microscope and murmur science jargon to each other . 
 i have elevated levels of this and a prominent reaction to that enzyme , which suggests manipulation of whatever complex . 
 at some point , gabe knocks on the door , and tarren goes out to meet him . 
 they come back carrying the tarp-covered bundle . 
 `` freezer , '' lo says without looking up from his microscope . 
 i stare at the page of my book , keeping my eyes adhered to the blurry words . 
 still , i ca n't help but hear the sound of them lifting the body up and over the lip of the freezer . 
 it slides in and hits the bottom with a heavy whump . 
 the lid closes , and i turn to find gabe giving me a sympathetic expression . 
 silently , i beg him to stay . 
 `` keep searching for new hits , '' tarren tells his brother . 
 `` but ... '' gabe looks at me . 
 i 'm mentally clinging to him like a frightened cat . 
 `` we 're fine . 
 bring us back some cookies in an hour or so , '' lo says . 
 gabe glowers at the boy . 
 `` go , '' tarren says , softening his voice . 
 `` we ca n't afford to let any angels slip by us . '' 
 i know this is true , but i need gabe to be here anyway . 
 i need his goofy grins , his lame chuck norris jokes and his unflappable confidence that everything will be all right , even if i know it is n't true . 
 on his way out of the room , gabe pauses next to me and whispers , `` do n't let them do anything that makes you uncomfortable . 
 i 'll be right outside . '' 
 then gabe is gone , and tarren is planting a long needle into a vial of clear liquid . 
 i do n't move at all except that my grip on the book puts indents in both covers . 
 i 'm ready to spring onto the ceiling if he makes a lunge for me . 
 `` we need to put you to sleep , to take some bone marrow samples , '' tarren says . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` maya , this is important . '' 
 rainbow shimmers down the needle . 
 colors puddle on the floor . 
 fire licking up the insides of my bones ... . 
 `` if you drug me i might lose control . 
 i need to be alert , '' i say this matter-of-factly , putting granite in my eyes just like tarren does . 
 our eyes clash , granite on granite , grating stone dust between us , until tarren puts the needle down . 
 i lay on my stomach , gripping the head of the table and keeping my hands in plain sight . 
 lo rolls up my shirt , but he is n't making any jokes . 
 his energy pulses fast as he leans over me . 
 tarren stands a couple feet back holding the tranq gun at his side . 
 `` i can control it , '' i tell lo . 
 `` i 've heard that before , '' lo says . 
 the energy around him jumps once , high off his body . 
 this means something , but i am too busy trying not to kill him to analyze it . 
 the needle goes in , hits bone . 
 lo pushes . 
 his energy is so near . 
 the song howls , and the pain joins in , peeling back the layers of my control . 
 i grip the table edge tighter and tighter , press my forehead into the polished surface . 
 `` hurry , '' i hiss . 
 `` i 'm trying . 
 your bones are ... stronger than normal , '' lo says . 
 `` done . '' 
 he backs away quickly . 
 i let go of the table , breathe out a long , shuddering sob before slowly turning onto my back . 
 `` you did fine , '' tarren says , but he still clutches the tranq gun . 
 the menacing mechanical donut is last . 
 i lay on my back as the machine whirls and hums around me . 
 i have gabe 's ipod , and i try to listen to his hard rock playlist , but i turn it off when i hear the murmur of voices outside the machine . 
 i strain to catch the words . 
 `` just keep your voice down , '' tarren whispers . 
 `` well , muscle composition is definitely enhanced . 
 she 's strong , '' lo says . 
 `` organs realigned . 
 lungs and heart oversized . 
 stomach and intestines shrunk . 
 she probably ca n't digest solids anymore . '' 
 `` yeah , '' tarren affirms . 
 `` bone structure matches the others we 've seen . '' 
 `` tarren , '' lo whispers , `` she 's got a fully constructed feeding mechanism . 
 it 's all here . 
 her numbers are lower , but she 's made up just like one of them . 
 you said she only got one shot ? 
 has she shown any abilities ? '' 
 `` no , just the general enhancements . 
 we 've been keeping her intake as low as possible . '' 
 `` well , allow me to repeat myself . 
 you two are in deep crapola here . '' 
 lo takes a long , hollow breath . 
 `` she 's no hybrid ; she 's an angel . '' 
 chapter 30 when tarren answers lo 's accusation , his words are measured . 
 `` it 's not that simple , '' he says . 
 `` angels are human . 
 they just exhibit severely progressed expression of innate human potential . '' 
 `` bullshit . 
 if she eats from the energy buffet instead of meat , potatoes and caviar like the rest of us that means she 's one of them . '' 
 tears gather in my eyes . 
 `` keep your voice down , '' tarren says . 
 `` all her physical indicators are lower than the others we 've tested . 
 it 's possible that her energy needs are equally stunted . '' 
 he pauses and doubt laces his voice . 
 `` if she does n't require as much sustenance , perhaps her hunger is more controllable . '' 
 `` the hell it is , '' lo retorts . 
 `` since when have you started believing in your brother 's little fairy tales ? 
 there 's no way to measure her capacity for control , and we have absolutely no evidence that lower physical symptoms correlates to lower appetite . 
 since all you bring me are dead bodies , we ca n't even do an anecdotal comparison . '' 
 `` she 's not honest with me anyway , '' tarren murmurs . 
 `` oh , the soul sucker lies ? 
 big surprise . '' 
 there 's another long pause . 
 `` she 's shown some control so far , '' tarren responds . 
 finally . 
 `` look , she 's cute , i 'll give you that . 
 i mean , great ass , really , '' lo says , `` but you 've been keeping her in a controlled environment . 
 she 's going to break . 
 you know she will . 
 something will set her off , and then what happens ? 
 she goes psycho in a grocery store . 
 she kills you in your sleep . 
 she drains that dumb brother of yours before you can ... '' `` alright ! '' 
 tarren hisses . 
 i feel his energy flare before he corrals it down . 
 my oversized heart is pounding so hard that i wonder how it does n't shake this donut to pieces . 
 please , please , please , i beg tarren silently . 
 defend me . 
 `` she could be the key , '' is what tarren says instead . 
 `` yeah , if she does n't kill all of us first . 
 as the brainy sidekick , i 'm going to be the first to die . 
 that 's how it always goes . '' 
 `` bring her out , '' tarren snaps , which is to say , he does n't deny anything that lo just said . 
 i hate him for this . 
 hate him , hate him , hate him . 
 especially his stupid jacket . 
 the machine retracts . 
 i sit up , yawn and rub my eyes , brushing the tears away . 
 `` how 's it looking ? '' 
 i ask casually as i pull out the ipod ear buds . 
 `` it 's helping , '' tarren says . 
 his eyes meet mine then flick away . 
 `` we 're getting a lot of important information . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 i smile and stretch . 
 the tears are still building up behind my eyes . 
 i force them back and look at lo . 
 `` how did you get into the sidekick business ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 the boy 's energy spikes up again . 
 he blinks . 
 `` my popie , leo hernandez , boxer and douchebag extraordinaire . '' 
 now i recognize the man in the painting . 
 he was in the papers about two years ago . 
 murdered . 
 some sort of gang thing . 
 `` popie wanted to be the best , '' lo continues in his too-deep voice . 
 `` gave it his all . 
 took all the right pills , stuck himself in the ass with syringes every day . 
 he would do anything to hit the other guy a little bit harder . 
 that was his whole philosophy in life . 
 respect goes to the last man standing . 
 i had a very pleasant childhood . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say . 
 `` no you 're not . '' 
 lo looks at me . 
 his eyes carry something dark and powerful . 
 `` my father got himself infected , turned into an angel . 
 anything to get ahead . 
 i 'm all for ruling the world , but i kind of prefer the old fashion way of duping the uninformed electorate . '' 
 lo smiles , but it 's a mean expression . 
 `` not my popie . 
 he thought i was weak . 
 did n't hold back his opinion on the matter . 
 i graduated high school at thirteen . 
 college at fifteen . 
 he did n't show up for either ceremony . 
 i embarrassed him . 
 ` eres una pinche debil marica ! 
 , '' ' lo growls . 
 the energy churns swiftly around his body . 
 `` oh , '' i say , and yes , the dark part of me enjoys the spectacle of pain that lo does n't realize he 's emitting through his aura . 
 `` popie decided the only way to fix the situation was to infect me , hope i did n't die . 
 he thought it was worth the risk . '' 
 lo 's voice cracks . 
 `` had the needle ready and everything before tarren and gabe crashed the party . 
 he deserved the bullets he got . 
 him and all the others . '' 
 `` my father is a bad man too , '' i say quietly and am saved from the dark flight of my thoughts by a knock on the door . 
 gabe 's muffled voice calls on the other end . 
 the energy ripples in excited hiccups around his body as he steps into the room . 
 `` i think we 've got another angel . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 tarren 's voice is low . 
 `` redmond , washington . '' 
 `` keep working on this and email me the results , '' tarren tells lo . 
 he looks at his brother , then at me . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 the way he says it , i almost laugh but do n't . 
 i 'm in one of those moods again . 
 lo blows me a kiss , and i am grateful to escape the guest house -- my own château d’lf . 
 part 3 chapter 31 `` oh troy , mi amor ! '' 
 gabe pitches his voice high and leans across the seat , shouldering his brother . 
 `` que caliente . 
 besame , besame ! '' 
 he puckers his lips , and tarren shoves him hard back into his own seat . 
 `` stop it , '' he growls and grips both hands on the wheel . 
 despite the fact that i now consider tarren my mortal enemy for life , i have to admit he has a good growl . 
 i 'm convinced he must practice his growls and grimaces and expressions of sheer focus in the mirror at night . 
 `` ay caramba ! '' 
 gabe tries to laugh it off , but he 's quiet for a long while afterward . 
 * * * time moves , miles move , the sun dips in the sky . 
 i 'm in a terrible mood , an angel mood . 
 again and again i replay the snide certainty in lo 's warnings and then construct outraged , brilliant , eloquent rebuttals that tarren should have offered in my defense . 
 when that just gets too damn pitiful , i decide to keep picking at my scabs , the deepest , bloodiest ones . 
 i pull out my journal and write jostled apology letters to my parents . 
 henry first , because i do n't have to get sentimental with him , except that i unexpectedly do . 
 it 's not that i ever thought he did n't like me ; it 's that he had work , and i looked nothing like a desk or a computer monitor . 
 but there are little things that i only appreciate now that he 'll never know . 
 i apologize for leaving him alone with karen and giving her an entirely new cornucopia of emotional ailments to suffer from . 
 i apologize that i never sat down and watched the game with him , that i never asked about how any of his business trips went or thanked him for supporting his family . 
 each year we drifted farther and farther apart on our different tracks of life . 
 i wish i could tell him how sorry i am that i never -- not once -- tried to reach over and pull us closer together . 
 and then it is over . 
 henry is boxed up and tucked away in two pages . 
 tender , painful boxes , but at least i can pack them tight in the back of my mind and keep the lights out . 
 karen is harder , because there is a lot to apologize for and a lot of resentment to try and hose off . 
 my resentment is gooey and heavy and black like tar . 
 i hate hospitals because of her . 
 i hate nurses and lollipops and linoleum . 
 i knew what `` metastasized '' meant when i was six . 
 i knew about polyps and lyme disease and dementia and blood borne pathogens and how much rat feces is legally allowed in the average candy bar . 
 but there was also the `` find maya '' t-shirt that she was n't supposed to be wearing , the fervent hugs she would allow when i was upset and those damn organic cookies she made when i got dumped by miguel foster in middle school . 
 i spend four pages exhuming trespasses , and i 've still got many more to go . 
 i 'm beginning to realize that i might just have been a very terrible daughter . 
 gabe looks up from his laptop . 
 `` you tired ? 
 wan na switch soon ? '' 
 he asks tarren . 
 `` yeah , there 's an exit coming up , '' tarren says . 
 `` we can grab some food . '' 
 he pauses and his energy flicks . 
 `` we should also put together a bag for maya . '' 
 `` she does n't need a bag , '' gabe responds . 
 `` sure i do , '' i close my notebook a little too hard . 
 `` bags are the best . '' 
 `` just in case , '' tarren says , ignoring me . 
 `` there 's no ` just in case , '' ' gabe snaps back . 
 his energy spikes , and i sit up straight , edge my hands under my thighs . 
 `` i 'm not saying we give her a gun -- '' tarren starts . 
 `` no , she 's not getting a bag , a gun , anything . 
 she stays out of it tarren . '' 
 `` whoa , i 'm right here , '' i wave in the backseat . 
 `` of course i need a bag and a gun . 
 there 's a sawed-off shotgun in the trunk right ? 
 i 'll take that one . '' 
 `` this is n't a joke ! '' 
 gabe takes off his seatbelt and twists around to look at me . 
 `` but you promised , '' i say , and i 'm trying to put all sorts of authority in my eyes like tarren does . 
 only , it 's so hard to keep my eyes on gabe 's face . 
 his aura is growing bright , expanding within the tight confines of the car . 
 `` you 're the one who proposed that i help fight in the first place , '' i tell gabe and then brilliantly parrot back his words from that night none of us talks about . 
 `` think about it . 
 she 'll get strong . 
 she 'll get fast . 
 she can fight with us . '' 
 `` i was trying to save you from getting your fucking head blown off ; i would 've said anything ! '' 
 gabe 's voice is rising , and so is the hunger , filling up the car with its melody and making my head champagne dizzy . 
 `` maya , '' tarren says , but i hate him , hate him , hate him , and i could n't care less what his eyes are warning . 
 `` and that was all well and good , but i want to fight , '' i insist . 
 `` you do n't want this life . '' 
 gabe clutches the headrest with both hands . 
 `` you ca n't keep me stuffed in that house until tarren magically comes up with a cure . 
 how exactly do you propose to reverse this whole situation anyway ? '' 
 i hold up my gloved hands , and damn , they 're glowing a little and tarren sees it and gets that stormy look on his face , which just goes terrifically with the exasperated i 've got my shit together why do n't you ? 
 look that he was already wearing . 
 this is when i should stop , but i do n't . 
 `` i 'm a freak , '' i yell . 
 `` i 'll never be able to live a normal life or ever be happy again . 
 might as well pass around the superhero kool-aid . '' 
 `` alright , '' tarren is trying to say , but if i did n't have enhanced senses i probably would n't have heard him , because gabe is hollering back , `` do n't you say that ! 
 tarren 's going to find a -- '' `` and we 're all going to live happily ever after ! '' 
 i shriek . 
 `` why not , huh ? '' 
 gabe 's voice is suddenly low , raspy . 
 `` why ca n't we win ? '' 
 `` you 're unbelievable ! '' 
 i want to kill them both . 
 oh no . 
 gabe 's energy is glowing bright , shredding the layers of my control . 
 no , no , no , no ! 
 i realize too late that i have n't been minding the monster . 
 i really do want to kill them , and i 'm not sure i have enough strength to stop myself . 
 chapter 32 my whole body shudders violently as i twist away from gabe and cross my arms over my chest so that i 'm pinning them to the backseat . 
 `` maya ? 
 something 's wrong . '' 
 gabe 's voice shifts from anger to concern . 
 `` did she feed at all today ? '' 
 `` tarren 's got daggers in his eyes ! '' 
 i yell out for no reason . 
 tarren whips across lanes and pulls onto the side of the highway . 
 he locks all the doors as i reach to stumble out . 
 `` i need some air , '' i moan . 
 `` we ca n't let her out of the car , not like this , '' tarren says . 
 `` gabe , get back . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , i 'm fine , i 'm fine , '' i moan and press my head against the seat as hard as i can . 
 even though my eyes are closed , i can still see the glow of their energies pulsing beneath my lids . 
 maya and the monster are grappling for control inside my head , but there is no monster . 
 lo said i 'm an angel , and tarren parsed it to pieces , but did n't deny the underlying truth . 
 it 's all just me in here fighting against my own instincts . 
 for the first time , i notice that the song is beautiful -- delicate and powerful at the same time . 
 it sends sweet tendrils of flame through the chemical corridors of my brain , seizing all the functions of my body and honing them to this one single need . 
 the song offers me the promise of bliss . 
 `` maya , we 'll get you something to eat , put together a bag for you , i swear , but you have to calm down , '' gabe says . 
 `` calm like the forest . 
 like the desert . 
 like the ocean . '' 
 `` none of those things are calm , '' i moan . 
 `` control it , '' tarren orders . 
 `` you do n't know , '' i whisper . 
 the last noise for a long time , except for the song which pulls and pulls and the whoosh of cars passing by . 
 cars filled with people who do n't have to wear gloves ; who do n't wake up terrified in the night convinced they will eventually kill someone no matter how hard they repress the instinct . 
 in this moment , i hate those people . 
 all of them . 
 everyone in the world who gets to not know about angels , who does n't have to be one . 
 and this brings me back . 
 i sigh , and gabe sighs , and tarren takes his hand off the gun at his waist . 
 this may or may not be the tranq gun . 
 * * * gabe brings me back a hutch of four rabbits , while i stay in the car , hands balled into fists and tucked between my legs . 
 because i beg , tarren lets me crouch behind the suv and drain the biggest rabbit in the parking lot . 
 i get my bliss , short and sharp as it is . 
 a car pulls up in the next spot over , and a little girl hops out of the back seat . 
 i see frizzy black hair , a green dress and pale violet-blue energy that skips fast ellipticals around her frame . 
 tarren , who stands guard next to me but pointedly looks over my head as i feed , tenses and uncrosses his arms so that his hand is closer to the gun at his waist . 
 i 'm pretty sure now that this is the tranq gun . 
 the little girl spots me hugging the dead rabbit , coming down from the high of its energy . 
 needing more . 
 i smile at the girl and pet the dead creature in my arms . 
 `` just got him , '' i say , and the little girl beams . 
 `` i 'm getting a guinea pig , '' she says . 
 `` i like those too , '' i reply . 
 the girl prances over to her mother . 
 when they enter the store , i throw the rabbit down a sewer grate . 
 * * * the fox brothers do a quick target run for me . 
 i do n't even ask if i can go in . 
 i just lie on the back seat , close my eyes and do n't think about the rabbits hanging out in the trunk , being alive and taunting me with their whippet-quick hearts all thudding out of sync . 
 when they come back , gabe puts my new bag in the trunk , and i make like nothing possibly portending a fratricidal end to our little family has recently occurred . 
 `` did you remember the underwear ? '' 
 gabe 's laugh has only a touch of strain . 
 `` yep , pretty pink underwear with bows on the front . '' 
 i can tell from tarren 's face that i 've lost all the dust motes of his trust i 'd painstakingly collected over the last weeks . 
 not that i care . 
 gabe takes the wheel and announces we are in for a treat . 
 the treat turns out to be disc one in a series of angel-hunting soundtracks that gabe has apparently compiled with some relish . 
 this elicits a knowing groan from tarren . 
 `` i think you 're giving your brother indigestion , '' i tell gabe as he cranks up eye of the tiger . 
 `` nah , that 's actually what he looks like when he 's happy . 
 hard to tell the difference , i know . '' 
 we continue through the night . 
 the darkness is a blanket around us . 
 the music drums inside my head . 
 churning car . 
 tarren 's energy is jumping , always jumping , and gabe is humming along to the music , because he is incapable of being quiet for one single second . 
 my hands are hot . 
 i tuck them under my legs and do n't think about the rabbits . 
 i think about ryan , but he has no eyes -- just worms crawling out of the empty sockets , so i do n't think of him . 
 i think about karen and henry , but karen is wearing a `` find maya '' t-shirt , and henry looks so tired . 
 so i think about maya , but maya is thinking about rabbits , bright little rabbits , so i 'm thinking about rabbits again . 
 the dim glow of the dashboard offers enough light for my eyes . 
 i finish karen 's letter in six pages , skipping some of my more forgivable blunders . 
 i ca n't apologize enough for leaving her alone ; for being alive and letting her suffer my death . 
 the worst stain of all i save for last and scrawl it hastily on the bottom line , crowding the letters to make it fit . 
 i always secretly resented karen for not being my real mother . 
 now i 've just got one letter left . 
 one more monumental apology . 
 avalon destroyed forever , but i ca n't even think about that right now . 
 i just ca n't . 
 * * * sometime in the night we all switch seats . 
 now i 'm in the front , tarren is at the wheel and gabe lies down across the back seat , tucking in his legs . 
 `` seatbelts , '' he tells us , clicking the middle strap around his waist before promptly falling asleep . 
 tarren glances at me when he thinks i 'm not looking . 
 i see a grim determination on his face and imagine this is the same way he would size up an enemy . 
 his energy flicks dangerously , the dark blues growing brighter at the edges . 
 `` why do n't you tell people ? '' 
 my voice comes out as a too-loud chirp . 
 `` tell them about the angels ? '' 
 tarren guesses correctly . 
 `` okay , so the cops might laugh at first , but you could catch the angels on tape . 
 hell , you have me now . 
 i could show the world . 
 as soon as this hits the light , the fbi would be all over it . 
 there 'd be a task force , 60 minutes exposé , they could -- '' `` no , '' tarren 's voice is sharp . 
 `` people would n't be able to handle it . '' 
 `` well , yeah , they might freak out at first , but once they recognized the danger , they could mobilize -- '' `` you do n't understand , '' tarren says , and , as always , his face is a hostile landscape , cold and closed . 
 `` they would n't be afraid . 
 they would want to become angels . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` anyone who ever dreamed of being stronger , faster , smarter would demand to be changed . 
 it would n't take long for a team of entrepreneurial scientists to crack the code and remake the original formula . 
 anyone with enough money and the inclination to be part of a new master race could buy their way in . '' 
 tarren 's voice takes on the tones of a doomsday prophet . 
 `` there would not be enough guns , enough bullets in the world to stop them if the formula ever got out . 
 the population would fragment into angels and food . '' 
 `` but ... '' i manage . 
 `` so far the angels have kept themselves hidden . 
 we 're not sure why . 
 maybe they know they 're not strong enough to stand up to a united military offense if the world ever figured out how dangerous they were . 
 or maybe it 's just greed -- they do n't want to share what they have . 
 whatever the reason , they 're not talking and we 're not talking . 
 but if grand ever does rediscover the formula , he 'll be able to spread the disease faster than any army could stop him . '' 
 `` oh , '' i say . 
 `` the risk is too great , '' tarren insists , though i 'm not arguing anymore . 
 `` our parents weighed all the options . 
 the public ca n't know , for their own protection . 
 it 's only us . '' 
 i put the window all the way down . 
 the cold fingers of the wind feel good on my face . 
 i stare out across the night , trying not to think about how utterly hopeless and stupidly funny it seems that two grungy kids and a tweaker angel girl are supposed to save the world . 
 we stop for gas . 
 i open the glove compartment and hand tarren his cap , which he pulls low over his face before stepping out . 
 my own straw fashion gem is in the back seat , so i take gabe 's lucky hat from the pocket in the side door and put it on despite the smell . 
 after tarren 's got the gas pumping , i lean out of the open window . 
 we still have a score to settle even if he does n't realize it yet . 
 `` tarren ? '' 
 `` do n't turn your face to the cameras , '' he says sharply . 
 i ignore him . 
 `` i need something inside . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` never mind , i 'll get it . '' 
 i open the door , and tarren pushes it shut . 
 `` but , i need chapstick , '' i whine . 
 `` i think we have some in the car somewhere . '' 
 `` and tampons . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i need tampons . 
 i 'm on my period . 
 right now . 
 it just started . 
 if you could grab some aspirin too , while you 're in there , i 'm cramping like crazy . '' 
 tarren searches my face for any hint of deception , but the darkness is all stirred up inside of me , and i give him a perfect grimace of discomfort . 
 he launches his granite face/arctic eyes combo attack , but i do not waver under the barrage . 
 `` it 's up to you , '' i shrug . 
 `` as long as you do n't mind blood all over your car . 
 and not just any blood ... '' i pause for dramatic effect and lower my voice . 
 `` menstrual blood . '' 
 `` fine , '' tarren growls and turns on his heels . 
 `` supermax please , '' i call out after him . 
 `` i 'm pretty much gushing . '' 
 his hands clench into fists . 
 i fall back against the seat and smile . 
 `` pants on fire , '' gabe calls out . 
 i catch his elf eyes open and bright in the rearview mirror . 
 `` but that was pretty awesome . '' 
 `` you should really clean this thing once in a while , '' i toss the hat back at him . 
 `` what , and wash all the luck out ? '' 
 gabe crosses his arms over the hat and drifts back to sleep . 
 it 's just past one in the morning . 
 a new day that feels no different from the last . 
 chapter 33 we make it to redmond , washington in the morning , though you would hardly know it . 
 a thick bank of clouds hangs heavy in the sky , their faces gray and threatening . 
 pale light trickles through the cover and casts a pall across the lush forestry that lines the highway . 
 the air smells wet and earthy . 
 gabe guides tarren to a motel , and i wait in the suv while they check in . 
 i hum to myself . 
 gabe 's habit must be contagious . 
 i do n't know what song i 'm humming , so i supply my own words . 
 monster maya eats bunnies wants to kill you too angel girl in the floppy hat what 's a monster to do , do , do the brothers argue about rooming arrangements as soon as they think i 'm out of earshot . 
 i try not to listen by only kind of straining to catch their words . 
 tarren proposes one room with two beds and a rotating watch . 
 he does n't say what they 're watching for . 
 gabe proposes that tarren is a paranoid tight ass and that this is maya they 're talking about . 
 he points out that the little incident back there was nothing really and that since she -lrb- me -rrb- is terrified of tarren seeing as he tried to kill her -lrb- me -rrb- that one time not so long ago , it would be best for everyone if tarren took a second room and stopped being a total prick if at all possible . 
 `` do you really trust her ? '' 
 tarren asks his brother . 
 `` we have to , '' gabe says . 
 `` how else is she going to get through this ? 
 we 're all that she has , and fuck , look at us . 
 that ai n't much . '' 
 * * * the room is done in beige , nice and impersonal . 
 i scan the carpet but find no immediate sticky black globs . 
 i also notice that the television remote is not bolted to the table . 
 it seems we 've moved up in the world . 
 i put my gray duffle bag on the bed nearest to the window and unzip it , curious of its contents . 
 i see jeans . 
 something black . 
 tennis shoes , not wide . 
 a pack of underwear . 
 gabe lied , they 're plain and white . 
 some t-shirts and other safe target buys . 
 i sigh . 
 `` what ? '' 
 gabe drops his own bag at the foot of the other bed . 
 he already has his laptop out . 
 `` i want to buy my own clothes . 
 i already have grandma underwear . '' 
 i wave the package at him . 
 tarren takes this opportunity to step into the room and glower at me . 
 i have a mad urge to throw the underwear at his head . 
 his energy field is low and hazy , and reading the exhaustion he tries to hide gives me some pleasure . 
 tarren sets down the hutch of rabbits near the door , which is to say , as far away from my bed as possible . 
 their odor fills the room , and i ca n't help but glance at them longingly . 
 i 'm already missing the sun , and we 've only been in this state for a couple of hours . 
 washington blows . 
 `` i like that one . '' 
 gabe is looking at a rabbit standing separate from his huddled , shivering companions . 
 the animal has soft , silver-gray fur , the color of the clouds hanging over the city , and a splash of white across his forehead that dribbles down the bridge of his nose . 
 his ears hang down on each side of his face , giving him a sad countenance . 
 mr. brave is clinging onto the mesh with his front paws and pushing his nose through the wire . 
 he seems oblivious to my evil monster vibe . 
 `` do n't get attached , '' tarren says . 
 i give gabe a sheepish oops , sorry i 'm a killer of small and adorable animals smile . 
 gabe shrugs and puts his laptop on the desk . 
 `` alright , here 's the deal . 
 we got two bodies . 
 both found at marymoor park . 
 three days ago it was a dead homeless guy lying in the brush . 
 called it a heart attack . 
 he was 32 . 
 day after that , they have a concert in the park . 
 guy goes off to pee in the woods , does n't come back out . '' 
 `` another heart attack ? '' 
 tarren asks . 
 `` bingo , yahtzee and connect four . 
 guy was 44 . 
 and get this , a runner just went missing yesterday . '' 
 `` in the park . '' 
 tarren says . 
 it 's not a question . 
 gabe nods . 
 `` they 're searching for her now . '' 
 `` police suspicious ? '' 
 `` nah . 
 heart attacks all around so far . 
 if they find that runner they 'll call it the same thing . '' 
 gabe is at the desk , pulling up windows on his computer , and tarren sits on the bed behind him . 
 they have melded into a cohesive unit , speaking quickly , plugging into the same thought pattern . 
 even their energies seem to be syncing -- gabe 's speeding up , tarren 's smoothing down . 
 the envy inside of me is sudden and sharp . 
 they 've had each other all these years ; a brother to depend on , to worry about , to argue with and care for . 
 all i got was a damn guinea pig . 
 i stand next to the bed , trying to look serious and engaged . 
 `` this is one big ass park ; we 're talking perfect angel killing ground , '' gabe continues . 
 `` over 600 acres filled with people wandering off by themselves . 
 kids , dog walkers , runners , hikers , those crazy bird watching people . 
 total nightmare . '' 
 `` but why is n't the angel moving on or at least spreading out the kills to multiple locations ? '' 
 tarren asks . 
 gabe turns in his chair and shrugs . 
 `` it 's possible we 've got a newbie here . 
 does n't know the tricks of the trade yet . 
 then again , this angel really does n't need to move . 
 this whole state is filled with humongo parks . 
 lots of people running alone , hiking away from others . 
 heart attacks happen all the time . '' 
 `` what 's the history here ? '' 
 `` high wealth area . 
 you got microsoft and nintendo just around the corner . 
 lots of executives and well-paid engineers . 
 these guys know the right people and could definitely buy their way in . 
 wait a minute . '' 
 gabe 's eyes get big . 
 `` do you think it could be bill gates ? 
 oh my god ! 
 all those mosquito nets for african orphans were just a cover . 
 diabolical ! '' 
 tarren ignores his brother . 
 `` first thing we 've got to do is confirm we 're really dealing with an angel . 
 could just be some heart attacks . '' 
 gabe rolls his eyes . 
 `` witness statement describes our dead homeless guy as ` ice cold . ' 
 dude got touched by an angel in a very bad way . '' 
 gabe smirks and looks up to his brother . 
 `` alright , then we 've got to move fast , '' tarren says . 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 both brothers ignore me . 
 `` i call park , '' gabe says . 
 `` i did the morgue last time , '' tarren scowls . 
 `` yeah , because you never call it . 
 them 's the rules . 
 maya and me 'll sweep the park , see what we can find . 
 you get a look at those bodies . 
 radiation is confirmation . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say again . 
 both brothers turn to look at me for the first time . 
 tarren sifts through his huge arsenal of expressions which includes such favorites as grimace , scowl and glower , and determines a slight frown will do the job now . 
 `` be careful , '' tarren says softly to his brother before turning to leave . 
 he pauses at the door . 
 `` you too maya . '' 
 it sounds like a threat . 
 chapter 34 at marymoor park , gabe and i present ourselves at the check-in table to participate in the search for sunshine bailey , the runner who went missing yesterday . 
 i scrawl mercedes dantes onto the sign-in sheet . 
 we accept a park map , two orange vests , a bright red whistle and a folder filled with emergency numbers , a guide to constructing a splint from a tree branch and missing person flyers . 
 while we receive instructions from a search organizer , i keep my head down and pretend to study the flyer of sunshine 's smiling face . 
 the missing woman is pale as milk , has dark , pretty eyes , round cheeks , and short curls . 
 the combination of her features immediately strikes me as someone whose profession requires scrubs : nurse , dental hygienist , something along those lines . 
 sorry sunshine , i think . 
 you are dead . 
 no tree branch splints for you . 
 how do you feel about some sweet vengeance in the near future ? 
 i might be able to arrange that . 
 gabe politely declines to be included in the larger search groups . 
 `` we 'll just go our own way and whistle if we see anything , '' he tells the woman at the table . 
 her chins tremble . 
 `` bless your precious hearts . '' 
 we don our orange vests , a perfect complement to my hideous straw hat , and make our way into the park . 
 the air is chilled and soggy ; gabe is underdressed in a t-shirt and jeans but does n't seem to mind . 
 the clouds give up sunlight in sporadic hiccups that are n't worth chasing . 
 we follow a wide path past trimmed fields and what a sign tells us is a community garden before finding a trail and moving into the woods . 
 i notice posters flapping against trees . 
 missing sunshine . 
 missing dogs . 
 lots of missing dogs . 
 gabe pauses to tear down a flyer for a lost golden retriever named buckeye . 
 he tucks it in his pocket before continuing on . 
 the forest is alive with chirps and scrapes and gnaws and smells that light up my brain . 
 i follow closely behind gabe , trying not to wobble as i catch more scents and attempt to process the cacophony of new sounds around us . 
 we tramp along the trail , and gabe half-heartedly calls sunshine 's name while i get myself in order . 
 i hear other voices across the park raising the call . 
 stupid hope . 
 gabe pulls us off the main trail , following small veins of beaten dirt through thick hedges of spruce and pine . 
 birds take wing overhead , and i ca n't help but turn my head toward each new noise . 
 my hands are pulsing with heat , and i ball them into fists . 
 though i can still hear the other volunteers nearby , i suddenly feel like we 're alone and vulnerable . 
 a branch snaps behind me , and i shiver . 
 gabe 's energy is smooth and controlled , though i notice it moves fast and tight around his body . 
 `` do you think it 's here ? 
 the angel ? 
 in the woods somewhere ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 gabe looks up from his map and shrugs . 
 `` do n't know . 
 probably not . 
 it seems to come out in the evening . '' 
 `` does any of this ever scare you ? 
 i feel like we 're in the opening credits of a cheesy horror flick . '' 
 i step over a twisted root . 
 `` this is kind of my hobby , remember ? '' 
 gabe smiles . 
 he seems to have a lot of different smiles . 
 some are sad smiles , and some are thoughtful like the one perching on his lips now . 
 some hide things . 
 gabe and his smiles . 
 tarren and his frowns . 
 maya and her sighs . 
 `` not ever ? '' 
 ferns reach out and brush my socks . 
 a ruddy flame sparks and dies in gabe 's aura . 
 the smile on his face grows wider , and this is how i know he 's going to lie . 
 `` nah , course not . '' 
 he shrugs and keeps walking . 
 `` i 'm a warrior , baby . 
 death , destruction , and impossible escapes are what i live for . 
 much like chuck norris . '' 
 `` of course . 
 forget i asked . '' 
 the low hanging branches keep clutching at my hat , and i have to put a hand on the brim to keep it in place . 
 we stop , and gabe consults his map again . 
 `` they found the homeless guy ` bout a quarter mile up the trail . '' 
 he shrugs off his backpack and pulls out a bright yellow box . 
 it 's bigger than a lunch box , with a handle jutting out from the top . 
 i lean over the machine and watch as a needle beneath its faceplate jumps to attention . 
 `` do you mind ? '' 
 gabe arches an eyebrow . 
 `` radiation detector . 
 not very useful with you standing next to me . '' 
 i step back , and something twists in my stomach or the place where my stomach used to be . 
 `` gabe , is it safe for you to be around me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` with the radiation ? '' 
 gabe fiddles with the device . 
 `` uh-huh , we started taking radiation pills for that , and tarren will test our blood at the end of the month . 
 it 's cool . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i tug off a wide leaf and twist it between my fingers . 
 `` it 's cool maya . 
 really . '' 
 `` sometimes i forget how weird this all is . '' 
 `` everyone 's weird , '' he shrugs and gives me a warm smile . 
 speaking of gabe 's smiles , they are the most powerful smiles of anyone i know , seemingly able to resist even the most direct onslaughts of reality . 
 `` we 're just slightly weirder than most . 
 at least we do n't collect beanie babies . '' 
 i give him the laugh he 's looking for , and we share one of those moments that are becoming more familiar and more important to me . 
 `` stay here , '' gabe says . 
 `` i 'll sweep and see if i can pick up a trail . '' 
 he takes several steps forward , stops , turns to me and says , `` chuck norris does not sleep . 
 he waits . 
 ponder that , '' and then resumes his tracking . 
 i do not ponder chuck norris . 
 i ponder all the little snacks scurrying up the trees and weaving through the plants . 
 then i remember why we 're here and ponder how terrifying it would be if some mad , foaming super human suddenly dropped down out of the trees and disemboweled me with its bare teeth . 
 not that angels disembowel people , but i 've still got those cheesy horror flicks on my mind . 
 i look up into the trees , straining to catch some sense of a predator lurking up there . 
 then it dawns on me -- the only thing that seems to be dawning in this dismal state -- that if i were an angel , or at least an angel looking for a human snack , the trees are exactly where i would hide . 
 i ditch the hat and climb up a thick tree . 
 needles digs into my skin and hair . 
 i 'm not sure what i 'm looking for . 
 claw marks ? 
 a convenient bloody handprint ? 
 i stand on a high branch and walk out as far as its strength will support my weight . 
 scanning the vast area , i try to imagine what route the angel would have taken . 
 it looks like a whole valley of christmas trees fanning out in front of me . 
 they halt at a wide expanse of river . 
 moisture hangs in the air , so does the fresh piney scent of the trees , the animal odors and the fresh release from the wet forest floor . 
 i breathe in , close my eyes and jump , letting instinct take my body . 
 i do n't catch a scent , do n't find footprints on the air , but i know the angel has been here . 
 it 's discovered this same natural pathway through the trees , leaped along the branches just as i am now , thrilled at the freedom , the rush of motion . 
 a while later , my eyes spot an unnatural shade of blue among the leaves , and i find a snag of clothing on a sharp point in the bark . 
 i 'm seventy feet off the ground , standing on a thick branch that none but the most dexterous or pick-axe-wielding humans could climb . 
 i loosen the fabric and rub the soft fleece between my fingers . 
 the swatch is too small to guess at its origins . 
 a jacket ? 
 i close my eyes and inhale the fabric 's scent . 
 the angel . 
 i 'm deep in the woods now , not near any paths , not anywhere even the most rugged woodsman would wander . 
 why would the angel come this far away from its quarry ? 
 i sit down on the branch and take in the world around me . 
 my eyes find lush tree tops and foggy mountain silhouettes in the distance . 
 lake sammamish to my right , dark and placid . 
 the wind thoughtfully explores my face , touching soft lips to my cheeks . 
 i think i understand . 
 the angel came here to be alone . 
 as alone as the hunger will allow . 
 maybe not a complete monster after all . 
 maybe something in between . 
 like me . 
 i hear gabe 's voice calling . 
 i had n't realized how far i 'd gone , and i quickly make my way back . 
 he calls out my name again , and i am unexpectedly stirred by the notes of worry in his voice . 
 without thinking , i leap from the tree to land in front of him . 
 gabe whips out his gun . 
 his aura flares up , all spiky , dark and violent . 
 the expression on his face is intent and murderous . 
 chapter 35 `` gabe ? '' 
 i whimper . 
 `` jesus ! '' 
 he blinks and lowers his gun . 
 his brows come together , and he grimaces , as if in pain . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say , feeling the blood come rushing into my cheeks , `` you sounded worried . '' 
 `` just ... do n't do that again . 
 ever . '' 
 gabe tucks the gun back into his waistband , and his eyebrows come away . 
 he softens his voice . 
 `` i did n't know where you were . '' 
 i assess his aura , looking for his true emotions , but , as always , they follow his face . 
 the color is calming down to his natural blue , and the spikes recede to a steadier flow . 
 `` i was n't able to pick up on a trail , but tarren called from the morgue . 
 we 've got radiation on concert guy , '' gabe says . 
 he hands me back my hat . 
 `` radiation is confirmation , '' i say and am relieved to see him smile . 
 `` i found something too . '' 
 i pull the fabric swatch from my pocket . 
 * * * we pick up tarren from the hospital . 
 i watch in the rearview mirror as he flips open his briefcase and tucks his glasses into the side pocket . 
 next goes the medical tech badge . 
 `` how 'd it go dr. mcdreamy ? '' 
 gabe asks . 
 `` radiation on the body , '' tarren replies . 
 he shrugs off his blazer . 
 `` angel . '' 
 `` stakeout ? '' 
 gabe 's eyes flick to the mirror . 
 tarren nods . 
 both their energies rise , tarren 's all pointy and nervous , gabe 's a general swelling with little ripples all along the edges . 
 i do n't know what this means yet , what complex emotion they are unconsciously sharing with each other . 
 `` my turn , '' gabe sighs . 
 * * * tarren follows us to our beige room . 
 i give the rabbits a longing glance . 
 i 'm beginning to twitch again , and i wrap my arms around my body , pressing my hands hard against my ribs . 
 tarren unzips a side compartment of my duffle bag . 
 `` we leave in half an hour , '' he says to gabe who nods and collapses backward on his bed . 
 i expect him to argue against my participation but he does n't . 
 good , because there 's no way in hell i 'm sitting out another mission even though i 'm getting queasy and itchy in weird places all over my body . 
 `` take this . '' 
 tarren hands me a rough stone block . 
 `` and this . '' 
 a little black bottle with no label drops into my hand . 
 `` this is that thing the pedicure people use , '' i say rubbing my fingers across the stone . 
 `` pumice . '' 
 tarren looks like he 's frowning even when he 's not . 
 maybe it 's the expectation of his displeasure , or maybe he 's somehow perfected a way to frown only with his voice . 
 `` go in the shower . 
 let the water run over your body then scrub with the stone . '' 
 `` but -- '' `` everywhere . 
 push hard -- '' `` they use this on people 's feet , you ca n't -- '' `` go over everything twice . 
 then turn the water off and rub the lotion on your entire body . 
 hair too . 
 do n't miss anywhere -- '' `` what is it ? 
 come on this is we -- '' `` wait two minutes then rinse off . 
 there 's an outfit in there for you . 
 black . '' 
 i hear a sound from the bed , but when i turn gabe 's got his eyes closed . 
 it sounded like a snort . 
 `` what kind of outfit ? '' 
 i ask , suspicion mounting . 
 `` we did n't have a lot of time -- '' tarren begins , but i 'm already pawing through the bag . 
 `` these are pajamas ! '' 
 i accuse , pulling out black stretch pants . 
 `` you want me to wear pajamas on a stakeout ? '' 
 gabe is sitting up on the bed , his eyes twinkling in an extremely unsettling way . 
 `` not just any pajamas ... '' i unfold the shirt and cry out in horror . 
 a smiling teddy bear sits on the front holding a pink heart between its paws . 
 its beady black eyes mock . 
 `` no . 
 no way . '' 
 `` it was the only black outfit in your size , '' tarren tells me . 
 `` what about the boys ' section ? 
 did you check the boys ' section ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` this is n't funny ! '' 
 i scream at gabe who is snickering behind me . 
 i huff to the bathroom and slam the door . 
 `` half hour , '' tarren calls after me . 
 `` man , she is pissed , '' i hear gabe say to his brother just before i turn the water hot and begin to scrub . 
 the pumice eats away at my skin , but i do n't mind . 
 i push harder , leaving angry red rashes across my breasts and stomach . 
 the pain helps distract me from the hunger , but the scrubbing also seems to be wearing away my barriers , allowing carefully guarded emotions to seep through . 
 fear escapes first . 
 suddenly . 
 utterly . 
 fear of anything and everything , but mostly because i 'm so damn tired . 
 why do i still lose my breath at random moments in the night , paralyzed with the conviction that this ca n't possibly be real ? 
 why is it so quickly followed with the equally certain conviction that i 'm a monster , that i 'm losing control , that it 's only a matter of time before i give in wholly to the song ? 
 the lotion burns and reeks of alcohol . 
 i grit my teeth as i wipe down my raw skin with the gooey mess . 
 i did n't realize that two minutes could possibly take this long ; that seconds could endeavor to stretch themselves so far before breaking . 
 when i come out , gabe is sitting at the desk reviewing maps of marymoor park on his laptop . 
 `` hurts like a bitch right ? 
 that 's the best thing about being bait . 
 i get to stink . '' 
 gabe leans back in his chair and looks me over . 
 `` man , that outfit . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 i told tarren ... '' his voice trails off as he looks up and sees the expression on my face . 
 the bear on my chest pants angrily . 
 it 's everything about this day and the hunger still here , growing loud . 
 `` maya , do n't go with us tonight , '' gabe says , but i 'm not about to let him get started on that again . 
 i walk over to the rabbit cage and pull open the door . 
 `` not the gray one , '' gabe 's voice is soft . 
 `` you should n't get attached , '' i say , coating frost over my words and sounding more like tarren then i meant to . 
 the gray rabbit stands apart from its huddled companions and stares at me with bright black eyes that seem strangely aware . 
 its nose trembles . 
 i reach around and pull out one of the remaining white bunnies . 
 i ca n't get my glove off fast enough . 
 the explosion of energy when my palm connects to the animal 's energy field is riveting . 
 i slump against the bed , eyes closed , forcing my breathing to slow . 
 i drop the limp body on the floor . 
 gabe turns his face away , but i catch the flicker of disgust . 
 `` i 've been meaning to ask ... '' i pull my glove back on , wriggling my fingers through the holes . 
 the words do n't come . 
 the only questions left are the dangerous ones . 
 the ones that might be lions in disguise . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 gabe picks at the holes in the knees of his jeans . 
 `` about how you found me . 
 why you came back after all those years . '' 
 gabe flinches like i 've pressed against an open sore , and now i know i 've made a mistake . 
 `` grand found out about you . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` grand has his ways . 
 tarren and i , we never meant for this to happen , for you to be dragged into all this . '' 
 `` you 've said that already . '' 
 `` i just want you to know that . '' 
 gabe is studying his knees intensely . 
 `` we never tried to find you . 
 it was safer that way . 
 you were supposed to be happy . 
 be normal . '' 
 `` i believe you . '' 
 `` i 'm not asking for forgiveness ; i wo n't ever ask for that . '' 
 this is my brother gabe , in his scruffy jeans , dirty tennis shoes , laces tangled with knots , and that sad sad look digging deeper into his face . 
 `` just tell me the rest . '' 
 `` grand got sloppy . 
 showed up on our radar in nashville , though we did n't know it was him at the time . 
 we almost caught up to him too , but he slipped away just before we got to this huge condo he was staying in . 
 he left a laptop behind . 
 everything was encrypted of course , and not that pansy off-the-shelf crap . 
 this was big time . 
 took me a couple days , but i cracked it . '' 
 gabe gives himself a congratulatory smile . 
 `` we learned that he was looking for you -- had hired the best trackers , given them every resource available . 
 they were close . 
 it was only a matter of time , maya . 
 we had to find you first . 
 we had to protect you . '' 
 `` why does grand even care about me ? '' 
 `` his family takes blood very seriously . '' 
 `` like you . '' 
 `` that 's different . 
 blood 's all we got . 
 all we get . '' 
 gabe clears his throat , brushes the hair out of his eyes . 
 `` mom did a good job of hiding you . 
 she never told us where , well , never even told us about you until just before she died . '' 
 `` so how then ? '' 
 `` me being a genius , of course . '' 
 a smile flickers on gabe 's face but does n't get far . 
 `` and tarren , a little . 
 he was six years old when you were born . 
 mom must have thought he would forget if she never spoke of you , but he did n't . 
 he remembered that mom took us for a long ride a little while after you were born . 
 you were crying and stinking and generally annoying him even from your earliest days . 
 finally , she stopped at some motel and put us all to bed . 
 the next morning , you were gone . '' 
 `` what did she tell him ? '' 
 this feels so hollow , like we 're talking about someone else . 
 this is n't my life , my mother driving me to exile with such conviction . 
 `` he does n't remember , '' gabe replies , `` just that you were gone . 
 which , for our purposes , meant that you could be anywhere . 
 that 's when me and my genius brain got involved . '' 
 i take a long breath and try to concentrate . 
 outside , the light is fading away , leaving a damp , uninterested gray to embrace the coming night . 
 rain patters light fingers on the roof of the motel , and i envision just this very same grizzled and lifeless day when my mother kissed me for the last time and left me in the cold . 
 gabe is still speaking , `` ... from there , all i had to do was find a needle in a pile of needles . 
 i downloaded records from every orphanage in the country for the years we thought you might have been born , and i put together this huge list of names and social security numbers . 
 mom did n't leave any clues . 
 we had nothing , until ... . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 my voice is all breathy , more air then sound . 
 `` tarren remembered that you had a birthmark on your back somewhere , which was better than nothing , but honestly , not much ... . '' 
 and then i do n't hear him anymore . 
 i 'm in a vacant storage unit , shivering , weeping , as a naked bulb swings its too-bright spotlight over me . 
 the stranger trails his fingers down my shoulder . 
 searching for something . 
 i push the memory back , way back , chain it to the farthest corner of my mind , spin a whole roll of duct tape around its mouth , pull a hood over its face and slap it around a little just for good measure . 
 when i come back up for air , the room seems to be tilting , and all the sounds and smells and hungers that i have been keeping at bay all rush back into my consciousness . 
 i have to sit down on the bed and plunge my hot hands deep into the comforter . 
 i shiver . 
 `` ... put together some wicked searches . 
 name by name . 
 mostly for images , filtering out all the girls on my list who did n't fit , looking for that birthmark , '' gabe continues . 
 `` it was brutal . 
 i do n't think i slept for a week , honestly . 
 we were in the crappiest motel on the planet . 
 the air conditioning was broken or something , and it was like 100 degrees outside . 
 i was sweating buckets , staring at pictures until my eyes were crossing , but i kept going ` cause i knew grand was getting closer and closer to you . 
 and then one day i got to your name on the list . '' 
 damn him , i can actually see happy lilac streaks pulsing through gabe 's aura . 
 as for me , another shiver sweeps through my body , rattling my bones . 
 these daggers in my lungs feel so real . 
 `` your high school newspaper archives all of its issues online . 
 two years ago , march , in the sports section there was this picture of a girl winning a race at a track meet . '' 
 `` that was n't me . '' 
 `` no , '' gabe smiles , `` but there were three girls cheering her on as she crossed the finish line . 
 all wearing tank tops . 
 the girl in the middle had a birthmark on her shoulder . 
 you could barely see it , but it was there . 
 i still have that picture . 
 from there i hacked your facebook page , and there you were . 
 right in front of me . '' 
 gabe laughs a small laugh . 
 he 's still trying to find my eyes , spread his smile to me , but i ca n't lift up my head . 
 `` i knew right away . 
 you look like mom . 
 and it was so ... so amazing to see you there . 
 all these pictures of this person i 'd been imaging . 
 there 's this one , '' he laughs again . 
 purple blushes all around him . 
 `` ... where you 're playing guitar hero , and you 're , like , totally into it . 
 you 're biting your lip , and you have this look in your eyes like nothing is going to stop you , not ever . 
 mom got that look too . 
 all the time . 
 there were all these postings from your friends and that guy ryan . 
 lots of weird literature stuff and inside jokes . 
 some stuff in latin , i think ... '' `` okay , '' i bark , because he 's hurting me and does n't know it ; tearing open the boxes i 've packed so carefully , throwing my vulnerable , tender memories all over the floor . 
 `` you had a life . 
 you had friends . 
 it was , like you were ... '' `` normal ? '' 
 `` happy . 
 or at least not unhappy . 
 we went straight to connecticut from tennessee to figure out the situation . 
 tarren grabbed a cup you threw away and sent it off to lo . 
 he confirmed that you were you , our sister . '' 
 half sister . 
 half everything . 
 `` the day we found out was the day grand took you . 
 we were trying to figure out what to do , how to keep you safe , you know , without completely ruining your life . '' 
 gabe 's voice grows softer . 
 `` we should have seen him coming , but there were no unusual deaths , no angel activity . 
 he just ... just stole you away . 
 if tarren had n't insisted on sneaking a tracker into your purse , we never would have found you again . 
 occasionally his paranoia does pay off . '' 
 i open my mouth . 
 `` grand did n't know , '' my voice cracks . 
 the air is so hard to pull in . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 gabe says . 
 i need to breathe ; need to get to a window or a toilet . 
 a knock on the door , and tarren 's energy jumping behind it . 
 gabe 's face is growing suspicious . 
 lines creasing along his mouth . 
 `` grand did n't know you were coming , '' i say quickly . 
 `` you saved my life . '' 
 `` we should have done more . '' 
 gabe stands up , but i beat him to the door . 
 `` you did enough . '' 
 i turn the knob and let tarren in . 
 chapter 36 tarren 's face is flushed , and he 's freshly shaven . 
 i can hardly catch his scent even when i 'm only five feet away . 
 now i understand the pumice stone and the alcohol lotion . 
 he wears a snug black jacket and black pants . 
 gabe is still in his torn jeans and wrinkled shirt . 
 he has n't showered or shaved . 
 without a word , we make our way out of the motel . 
 tarren looks every inch the professional spy . 
 i exude mentally handicapped charity case and gabe just comes off as homeless . 
 i learn on the drive over that this is exactly the point . 
 the boys munch on protein bars , and gabe sucks down two red bulls before we make it back to marymoor park . 
 rain patters against the windows of the suv , and i shiver . 
 the clouds are losing their glow , and in the encroaching dusk i see the sweep of flashlights threading through the woods . 
 `` shit , '' gabe mutters . 
 `` they 're still searching for her , '' tarren confirms . 
 `` we 've got to get them out of the park . 
 they 're easy pickings for the angel . '' 
 tarren is silent a moment , thinking . 
 `` we ca n't , '' he decides . 
 `` they 're in danger . '' 
 `` we wo n't be able to find them all . '' 
 `` we could set a fire . 
 a little one . 
 the fire trucks come , shoo the people away . '' 
 `` first , it 's raining . 
 second , the volunteers would come back as soon as the fire was out . 
 third , the firemen would be just as likely targets . '' 
 `` but -- '' gabe begins . 
 `` we ca n't do anything about them , '' tarren says sternly . 
 `` what we can do is present a more tempting target . 
 the volunteers are in pairs and groups . 
 they have flashlights and whistles . 
 risky for an angel . 
 it will be looking for the most vulnerable prey . 
 the easiest kill . '' 
 the brothers look at each other , energies syncing again . 
 gabe sighs . 
 * * * we wander past the fields , past the community garden , past the dog park and into the woods . 
 we stay away from the flashlights , from the others tromping around calling to sunshine bailey 's ghost . 
 the angel is everywhere , in each small noise , each gust of wind rattling the branches , each new smell that clamors for my attention . 
 a little ways into the woods , gabe curls up on a bench positioning a stained duffle bag under his head . 
 he checks his pistol then , still holding the semi-automatic , tucks both hands into the sleeves of his khaki coat . 
 i watch in amazement as his energy lowers and flattens around his body almost as if he were sleeping . 
 tarren and i hunker down in the trees 100 yards away . 
 tarren lies on his stomach , eye fixed to the scope of his sniper rifle . 
 i drape myself across a wide branch above him and watch his energy slow and dampen also . 
 `` how do you do that ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` no talking . '' 
 he does n't look up . 
 `` your energy , it 's going down . '' 
 `` you can see that ? '' 
 there 's an edge to his voice . 
 `` i can feel it . 
 sometimes , '' i hedge . 
 `` angels can connect to the energy output of humans , '' tarren whispers . 
 `` they can sense emotions like fear or nervousness . 
 when we hunt we have to lock down on those things . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` there are mental tricks . 
 breathing . 
 now quiet . '' 
 i 'm too nervous to be quiet . 
 i do n't like gabe out in the open all alone . 
 i keep imaging a black shadow swooping down and snatching him away . 
 the rain falls around us , tagging the leaves and dripping through my thin , cotton pants . 
 the water skews the world , disrupting the normal smells , blanketing the sounds of the forest . 
 my senses are off kilter , and i feel naked without them . 
 and it 's cold . 
 `` why do n't i track the volunteers , '' i whisper to tarren . 
 `` split up , cover more ground , or wait for the angel where i found the piece of fabric . 
 it might come back there again . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you do n't trust me . 
 you do n't think i can control myself , '' i accuse . 
 `` you ca n't take on an angel by yourself . '' 
 `` then give me a gun . '' 
 `` end of discussion maya . '' 
 i rest my chin on my gloved hands and fume . 
 the hunger has n't let up , and it erodes away my composure . 
 i think of a massive nail file wearing away at my frontal cortex and then ca n't get the image out of my head for the next hour . 
 i feel helpless , melding with this branch , thinking about nail files , waiting for something to come down and try to kill my brother . 
 i know exactly what tarren 's rifle sounds like , how cleanly it pierces through the aluminum soup cans the brothers have rigged all throughout their wooded backyard . 
 i wonder if the angel will tumble backwards , flipping end over end . 
 i wonder how much blood i should expect -- if there will be any terrible screeches of death , any stammering final monologs like in the movies . 
 the minutes and hours are stubborn , digging in their heels . 
 each second presses the cold and wet deeper into the center of my bones so that my limbs ache with it . 
 i press my teeth together to keep them from chattering . 
 the initial fear and jitters exhaust themselves , dulling into a waxy wariness . 
 i try to keep my eyes on gabe 's form , but they keep slipping away as my thoughts wander to my own discomfort , to these new secrets i 've added to the pile . 
 the restrained memories twist against their chains , screaming terrible things beneath their gags . 
 beyond the hum of all these wretched thoughts , my ears pick up a sound -- a grunt of surprise somewhere far off to my right . 
 the rain has stopped , and the sound carries across the wide space of the forest . 
 my body tenses , my ears honing . 
 then it comes , a low strangled call , uh , uh , uh . 
 i recognize this guttural cry . 
 ryan made the same seizing sound as grand tore the life from his body . 
 `` maya , no ! '' 
 i do n't understand tarren 's shout until i realize that my feet are planting into the muddy ground as i launch myself through the trees . 
 chapter 37 leaves slap against me like wet hands , and i 'm charging through roots , twisting around trees without thinking . 
 i need to get to the sound , i need to save ryan . 
 only it is n't ryan . 
 i find the crumpled body of a man a half mile away from our stakeout . 
 he is all wrong in many ways -- the torqued upper body , the wide unfocused eyes , the mouth still caught in a last garbled choke -- but most of all because he is colorless . 
 there is no aura around him , no dance of emotion , no churning cloud of life . 
 my brain starts inconspicuously edging out of the room , and this is what panic feels like . 
 i kneel down next to the man . 
 i am too terrified to touch him , so my hand just lingers above his shoulder . 
 if only his eyes were n't open . 
 dead , the word punches into my head . 
 dead , dead , dead . 
 i listen for a heartbeat , watch his chest for breath and find nothing . 
 then , because it 's me , things get a lot worse . 
 i hear the sound of footsteps approaching . 
 i assume this is tarren ready to pull me up by the scruff of my neck and drag me back to the car . 
 stupid , i think and finally , finally realize that an angel was just here , could still be here . 
 i stare at the shadowed figure emerging from the woods wondering what this angel will look like , if it will have long , dripping claws , and what it will do when it finds me . 
 the boy who steps out from the trees is not an angel or tarren . 
 for this reason alone , i fall wildly in love with him . 
 my eyes latch to the reddish-hued energy circling around his body , and he is so amazingly , utterly ... human . 
 i love his entrenched dark eyes , his tall , skinny body , all those tuffs of brown hair standing up on his head and even the weird goatee thing on his chin . 
 `` you here ? '' 
 the boy asks . 
 his flashlight sweeps across the ground . 
 i see the light coming , but i just stand there , dumb as a rock . 
 it hits the body and stops . 
 `` pastor reynolds ? '' 
 the boy chokes . 
 the beam of light jerks , hits my knee and then rushes up my body . 
 the boy 's aura unleashes bright canary yellows and whites , and in response , every muscle i have clenches hard . 
 through the beam of light i just stare at his aura and listen to the song . 
 `` your hands , '' he whispers . 
 i do n't have to look down to know they are glowing . 
 i can feel the skin scrolling back , the feeding buds rising from their chambers and throwing out flares of heat . 
 `` it 's just that i 'm hungry , and you -- '' i say and then stop . 
 just stop . 
 holy hells , bells , gazelles . 
 `` what ... what are you ? '' 
 the boy whispers . 
 not a boy , really ; he must be my age . 
 i turn and run . 
 after a pause , i hear his steps come crashing after me . 
 this kid must be dumber than i am . 
 who chases the boogey man ? 
 i am aware that all i have to do is stop , turn around and peel these horrible , itchy gloves off my hands . 
 the boy would run right into my embrace . 
 there must be at least some small smidgeon of maya still controlling my brain , because i keep running , leaping into the trees and springing across the distance . 
 i feel tarren 's energy coming at me , simmering an angry orange that he 's obviously trying to hold in check . 
 i drop down , run toward him . 
 he stops when he sees me . 
 i hook my arm in his and swing him around roughly . 
 tarren trusts me enough not to automatically shoot me , which , i guess , is something . 
 i tug him behind me , keep running . 
 after a slight hesitation , he picks up the pace , and i let go of his arm . 
 behind us the boy screams , `` come back here ! '' 
 i can almost feel tarren 's mega-scowl searing into my back . 
 a whistle hollers , then another . 
 soon , a whole chorus of shrill notes rise up out of the forest . 
 tarren and i run together , and i try to pretend this is just another run in the woods . 
 another glorious morning where the sun will soon peek its flat face up and over the horizon . 
 this is what brings me down enough to start thinking . 
 we collect gabe , who has packed up the sniper rifle , and then i weave us around the frantic humans and their bright , pounding energies . 
 we make it back to the car , and i can already hear the cry of police sirens pitching in the distance , growing louder . 
 tarren lets the leash on his energy slip just a little and his aura ratchets in bright oranges and reds that set my body humming . 
 he stares at me , and his hand hovers over the gun at his waist . 
 `` look , '' i whimper , `` i heard the guy scream , i could n't just -- '' `` stand still , '' tarren growls , and it 's a feral , dangerous sound . 
 `` tarren , she did n't -- , '' gabe starts . 
 `` quiet , '' tarren cuts off his brother . 
 `` do n't get in my way . '' 
 his eyes flash back on me , gray as flint and just as hard . 
 there 's nothing in tarren 's face , not the merest crevice to cling to . 
 i watch his fingers brush the barrel of his gun , ready to flip it from his holster and shoot . 
 i think he 's actually going to kill me . 
 gabe 's energy is bright as a star . 
 i am shivering so hard that water droplets jump out of my hair . 
 the monster presses against the paper thin wall of my control , keeps pushing , pushing , pushing ... tarren 's body relaxes , and his hand drops away from the gun . 
 `` get in the car , '' he tells me with the quiet menace of a rattlesnake . 
 gabe sighs -- such a long whoosh of air . 
 `` thank you jesus , '' he mutters , and the red slowly dissipates from his aura . 
 he goes around back , opens the trunk . 
 `` move ! '' 
 tarren hollers at him . 
 i crawl into the back seat and slump against the opposite window . 
 my hands are still glowing , so i press them into my belly and pull my legs up tight to pin them in place . 
 gabe opens the back door i 'm not leaning against and holds out a wool blanket . 
 even when i do n't acknowledge the offering , even though the sirens are loud enough so that the boys must be able to hear them by now , gabe does n't move . 
 his face is wrecked with heroic intent . 
 slowly , i lower my knees , unwind my arms , reach out and take the blanket from his hand . 
 chapter 38 on the ride back i expect tarren to charge at me fast and loud as a wailing freight train . 
 instead , his voice drops to a dangerous quiet , and all he says is , `` you jeopardized everything . '' 
 gabe has told me how diana could wither her children with a stare , how the softest words from her mouth often carried the deadliest stings . 
 tarren must be so much like her . 
 `` just lay off , '' gabe says , though there 's been a long pause of silence . 
 i just pull the itchy blanket tighter around my frame and try not to look at anything . 
 back in our motel room sponsored by the color beige , i stand in the corner until tarren and gabe finish their review . 
 tarren flashes me a deep scowl -- he 's really perfected the art of menace -- and then leaves for his room . 
 `` go ahead , '' i tell gabe as soon as the door closes . 
 `` and do what ? '' 
 he hefts his bag onto his bed and starts digging through . 
 `` i 'm a fucking mess . 
 i deserve a monumental ` i told you so . '' ' 
 `` it 's not that , '' gabe says , almost to himself . 
 he pulls out shampoo , soap and a clean pair of boxers from the bag and tosses them onto the bed . 
 `` running after that angel , that was stupid . 
 dangerous . 
 maya ... '' he looks up at me , and the trickster light is gone from his eyes . 
 `` do n't ever do that again . '' 
 this is the second time he 's said that to me today . 
 `` why do you even care so much about me ? '' 
 my voice is high as a yelp , because this question has been gnawing on my conscience every night since this whole angel thing started . 
 i still have n't figured out any type of answer that makes sense . 
 gabe stiffens , and a wave of red goes through his aura . 
 i realize that he 's actually going to tell me the truth , and i suddenly do n't want to hear it . 
 `` i did n't know my father . 
 to me he was always gone , '' gabe says and looks away . 
 `` i felt sad , but i was only missing the idea of something , not the real thing . 
 then mom got sick , and when she ... '' gabe forces the word out , `` ... died , it was , god it was awful . '' 
 `` gabe , stop . '' 
 he grips the sides of his bag , and the words rush on . 
 `` but then there was you . 
 it was n't , like , a tradeoff or anything . 
 but i had n't known before . 
 we lost mom , but now i had a sister . 
 it was something , you understand ? 
 something to fill the void . 
 and then tammy . '' 
 gabe 's voice loses its strength . 
 his aura alights in bright reds that slam a wrecking ball against my shaky control . 
 `` please stop , '' i whisper , and this seems to spur him on . 
 he looks up at me through the messy bangs of his wet hair , and those honey-colored eyes are intent in his pale face . 
 `` tarren is different now ... '' gabe 's brows pinch together as he struggles to speak . 
 `` he 's so ... so far away and i ca n't figure out how to find him and bring him back . 
 it 's been years , but he has n't gotten better . 
 he wants to die . 
 he tries to , and if something happens to him ... i wo n't , i just ca n't . 
 maya ! '' 
 gabe 's voice pitches out as a sob that cuts something small and fragile inside of me . 
 `` you ca n't do stupid shit like that , you ca n't . '' 
 his aura is a rush of rusted oranges , browns and reds . 
 this is how i learn what gabe 's fear looks like and how it etches deep ravines of pain in his face . 
 `` alright , '' i blubber back . 
 `` you have to take care of yourself . 
 let us keep you safe . '' 
 `` alright , gabe , alright ! '' 
 `` thanks , '' he says hoarsely . 
 he gathers up his supplies and walks to the bathroom . 
 his knee pops , and it 's such a normal little thing that i almost laugh . 
 instead , i call out to him , `` what happened when we got back to the car ? '' 
 gabe stops but does n't say anything . 
 `` the way tarren stared at me , like he was going to kill me . '' 
 `` he was , '' gabe says this so soft , i wonder if he meant to say it out loud . 
 `` he , uh , was checking to make sure ... '' gabe swallows . 
 `` after an angel feeds , its skin flushes , sometimes even glows for a little while . 
 he was checking ... '' `` ... to make sure i did n't kill anyone , '' i finish . 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 `` i knew you did n't ... but he had to check , maya . 
 he had to . '' 
 gabe stands still for a while until he realizes i 'm not going to say anything back . 
 we just leave that right there , and gabe goes into the bathroom , closes the door . 
 even though i 'm wet as all hell , i collapse backward onto my bed and just lie there listening to the hiss of the shower . 
 * * * when gabe comes out , he 's in a pair of gray boxers and a ratty undershirt . 
 i 'm almost 100 % sure he does n't actually own a set of pajamas . 
 i 'm still lying on top of my covers , just staring out the dark window . 
 `` your turn , '' gabe says indicating the bathroom with his head . 
 `` too tired . 
 i 'll do it in the morning . '' 
 `` your life , '' gabe shrugs and apparently does n't realize the irony of that statement or the wave of jumpy , angry emotions it sends through me . 
 things are still tense in the room . 
 i can feel it , see it in gabe 's energy . 
 the peak of my hunger has n't really faded , and i 'm honing in on gabe 's aura , aware that we are alone together in this room without tarren 's warning eyes and itchy trigger finger . 
 `` did diana know about angels before you were born ? '' 
 i ask . 
 gabe drops gracelessly into his bed . 
 `` ha ! 
 actually , yes . 
 when my dad killed robert thane , he got real scraped up . 
 mom confronted him . 
 she had this way of grilling you until you sang like a canary . 
 dad told her everything , about thane , about dr. cook , about the angels and his mission to kill them . 
 mom was so pissed that she went into labor right then and there . 
 i was born right in the middle of the worst argument they ever had . '' 
 my fingers find a hole in the comforter and immediately begin to unbraid the loose threads . 
 `` then why did she name you gabriel ? '' 
 `` aw man , '' gabe says . 
 i wait for him to continue . 
 he does n't . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she had this kind of idea . '' 
 again i wait . 
 again he does n't speak until i prod . 
 `` what idea ? '' 
 gabe rolls onto his side and pegs me with a stare . 
 `` okay , but you have to swear not to be all , you know , give me shit about it . '' 
 i put my hand over my heart and raise my other hand . 
 `` cross my heart , hope to die , stick a needle in my eye . '' 
 `` alright , so mom was pissed at my dad and overwhelmed and terrified out of her mind . 
 here she was with a newborn in her arms , and she 'd just learned that her geeky , scientist husband 's been battling superhuman monsters . 
 the way she told it , she kicked my father and the ts , tammy and tarren , out of her hospital room . 
 she rocked me and cried , and i was just staring at her , calm and composed . 
 she kissed me , and i laughed , though i looked it up once and newborns do n't laugh until , like , a couple months . 
 anyway , she swears i laughed , and she looked into my eyes and had this kind of epiphany . '' 
 gabe sighs , and his aura pulses a tangy orange that i 'm beginning to associate with his embarrassment or distress . 
 `` mom believed in angels , real angels , the fluffy winged kind , and she wanted ... '' gabe pauses , thinking . 
 `` she wanted to remember what angels really were . 
 i was her reminder of a better world , i guess . 
 so she named me gabriel . '' 
 `` gabriel is supposed to be god 's messenger , '' i say . 
 i find a new thread and pull it loose . 
 the hole in the comforter yawns open , large enough for me to slip my hand through . 
 `` yeah , he brings people hope and stuff ... '' `` wow . '' 
 gabe tucks his face into his pillow . 
 his voice is muffled . 
 `` i know . 
 kind of a lot to live up to . '' 
 `` now who 's angelic ? '' 
 `` oh , lame . '' 
 gabe reaches out for the lamp on the table between our beds . 
 `` i 'm calling it a night . '' 
 he clicks off the lamp , dousing the room in darkness . 
 * * * i do n't intend to fall asleep , but i do ... until the hunger pulls me away from my restless dreams . 
 my mind is cloudy and confused as i slowly bob along the surface of consciousness . 
 the song plays in my head , pure notes of hunger . 
 it really is a fire , with flames that burn a different , deeper burn . 
 i sit up , fumbling with my gloves before i stop myself . 
 it takes me a second to remember why . 
 the skin on my palms is peeling back , the veiny orbs lifting up , throbbing . 
 it 's still night , and i hear gabe breathing the slow notes of sleep from his bed . 
 his energy is a noose around my mind , pulling me closer , tightening . 
 i step out of bed . 
 a part of me is fighting this , but her words are papery whispers . 
 go away maya , i think , but she insists , so i tiptoe to the rabbit cage instead . 
 my gloves are gone , and my thoughts are all short-circuiting , fingers twitching , senses so keen that i can hear gabe 's steady heart beat from across the room ; can feel tarren jumping in and out of sleep just beyond the thin wall . 
 i pull open the cage . 
 i ca n't even tell the rabbits apart . 
 all i see is their bright energy hooping around their bodies in golden bands . 
 i grab one of the shapes and tear its life away , hiccupping with pleasure . 
 it 's not enough to slake the hunger . 
 not even close . 
 i turn to take the last rabbit , but the door hangs open , and the cage is empty . 
 a blur of energy streaks across the room and slips under gabe 's bed . 
 `` little fucker ! '' 
 `` maya ? '' 
 gabe 's voice is heavy , skewed by the pillow . 
 `` everything 's fine . 
 go back to sleep . '' 
 `` was i in a lake ? '' 
 `` it 's the rain . 
 you 're dreaming . '' 
 `` k , thanks , '' gabe sighs . 
 he pulls the blanket up over his shoulders as if this could possibly hide his energy . 
 hide anything . 
 his breath is even again . 
 vulnerable . 
 i crawl to the farthest corner of the room and lean my forehead against the wall . 
 the memories lash against their bonds , the ones i ca n't think about . 
 grand 's fingers trailing down my back . 
 finding what they will find . 
 his words carved into my mind so my thick-fingered , un-enhanced memory wo n't drop them . 
 `` maya . 
 i knew they would find you . '' 
 after a while i pull my legs to my chest and rock slowly back and forth . 
 the motion is soothing and lulls me into a dreamless sleep . 
 chapter 39 i am awake and on my feet instantly . 
 i pull the door open before tarren even knocks . 
 whatever sleep he got was n't much and did n't make any improvements on his demeanor . 
 he looks at me , and his face goes hard . 
 `` where are your gloves ? '' 
 `` they itched , '' i say lamely . 
 he spots the dead rabbit sprawled on the floor . 
 `` oh that -- '' i begin , but tarren shoves past me into the room . 
 `` gabe ? '' 
 tarren keeps his voice calm , but his energy spikes . 
 he strides to the bed where gabe is only a mop of wavy hair atop a tangle of covers . 
 when gabe does n't respond , tarren 's energy explodes out , white-tipped at the edges . 
 `` gabe ? '' 
 he chokes and reaches out to touch his brother . 
 `` uh ? '' 
 gabe turns his head and blinks . 
 `` oh , hey . 
 what time is it ? '' 
 tarren snatches his hand back and turns toward me . 
 he does n't say anything , but his eyes have those daggers in them again . 
 `` 6:00 am , jesus , '' gabe groans and throws the blanket over his head . 
 `` snooze . 
 i call snooze . 
 maya , hit tarren on the head , and maybe he 'll come back in fifteen minutes . '' 
 `` the angel killed a preacher last night . 
 the police have officially opened up an investigation into his death , '' tarren says . 
 `` they 're looking to question an unknown female who was seen standing over the body . '' 
 he gives me a nice big scowl for my performance last night . 
 it 's good to know that no matter how small or how stupid i already feel , tarren is always willing to step in and pile it on just a little bit thicker . 
 a muffled `` fuck . '' 
 the blanket comes off , and gabe sits up . 
 he runs both hands through his tussled hair . 
 `` we should have tried to get everyone out of the park last night . '' 
 `` the police have sealed off the park , '' tarren says . 
 `` they are setting up their own search teams . '' 
 `` which means now they 're in danger . 
 stupid cops . '' 
 `` which means they 're going to scare the angel off , '' tarren corrects . 
 `` we 're running out of time . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 tarren looks at me . 
 i give him my best full-blown western , tumble-weeds-gusting-between-us squint . 
 damned pink pajamas . 
 `` put your gloves back on , '' tarren says softly before leaving the room . 
 * * * when i get out of the shower , gabe is wolfing down an egg mcmuffin and staring at his computer screen . 
 `` protein . 
 the eggs , '' he mumbles through a mouthful of food . 
 `` you know , if you can buy a full meal for a dollar , it 's probably not really food , '' i tell him . 
 `` tastes like food , '' gabe swallows and takes a long swig of coffee . 
 `` that 's exactly what the highly-paid chemists want you to think . '' 
 `` alright ronald mcbuzzkill . '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 `` you shut up ; i 'm doing really serious work here . '' 
 `` you 're on facebook ! 
 no , you just switched the screen , but i saw it . 
 since when is your status ` in a relationship ' ? '' 
 `` i have a girlfriend . '' 
 gabe picks the melted cheese off the wrapper and brings it to his mouth . 
 `` look , i 'm sure keira knightly appreciates your daily fan letters , but you can hardly call that a healthy relationship . '' 
 `` ha ! 
 i 've got four girlfriends actually . 
 and they 're real . 
 got screen names and everything . 
 we go on mind blowing dates all over the world . 
 i even got my own love island . '' 
 `` oh my god , you 're such a nerd ! '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` no one is on second life anymore . '' 
 `` wildstarz2346 is . 
 we go on roller coasters together . 
 lizkup4u prefers the waterfall jacuzzi . 
 then there are the nymph twins . 
 oh , those two are naughty . 
 you can buy some crazy toys in second life . 
 genitalia too . '' 
 `` what about ... '' and here i make my voice all breathy and romantic , `` francesca ? '' 
 `` ah , francesca . 
 my heart of hearts will always belong to her . '' 
 gabe is smiling , trying to play it off as a joke , but his aura is so transparent , picking up speed , beating lavender humming bird wings that grow dark as plums or the edge of the sky just before the sun sets . 
 `` but we need to finish the mission first . 
 things are n't ... they 're not safe yet . 
 so , you know , a guy 's got to get a little nymph love every now and again . '' 
 i laugh , but it sounds forced . 
 i keep forgetting how alone the fox brothers are , how much the fight costs them . 
 gabe scrunches up the wrapper , tosses it toward the wastebasket , misses . 
 `` wind resistance , '' he says . 
 `` anyway , i 've got something you can help me with . '' 
 * * * i glance at gabe 's sheet , double checking the phone number out of habit , even though my angel brain automatically memorized the full list of numbers the first time my eyes scrolled through . 
 i hit the dial button on my prepaid cell , and the connection trills four times before going to voicemail . 
 man : this is bob ... woman : and kathy mcgee . 
 we hope you are having a blessed day . 
 man : we ca n't come to the phone right now . 
 please leave a message and we 'll get back to you right as soon as we can . 
 together : may the lord be with you ! 
 it takes me a second after the beep to gather my bearings . 
 `` uh ... hey there , my name is mercedes . 
 great message by the way . 
 super positive . 
 yeah , so i 'm calling about the litter of puppies you advertised on craigslist last week . '' 
 i squint at gabe 's crowded writing , `` tabs , what , oh labs . 
 labs . 
 great dogs . 
 just love those little guys . 
 and i was wondering if you have any left . 
 i 'm looking to adopt , you know give a puppy a good , uh , jesus-filled home . 
 i 'm great with dogs , by the way . 
 so , yeah , just give me a call back and let me know either way . '' 
 i leave my number and hang up . 
 `` this is stupid , '' i tell gabe . 
 he 's typing into a password field , grimacing each time it rejects his inputs . 
 a second window is plastered with an unreadable block of code . 
 `` no , no , it 's very important , '' he says without looking up . 
 `` damn it , i need my lucky hat . '' 
 he stands up , stretches his arms up over his head . 
 `` it 's all cool to go commando out into the night with guns blazing , or dress up as a sheriff to break into a crime scene , but that 's only a small part of the job . 
 this here , the grueling research , this is where the real breaks come . 
 tarren ? 
 he 's not going to get anything at that park . '' 
 gabe kneels on the floor and rummages through his messy duffle bag . 
 `` no , we 're going to find something here . '' 
 `` this is montage stuff . 
 i want a montage . '' 
 my voice sounds whiny even to me . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 gabe pulls the cap out of his bag and brushes it off . 
 `` no montages in real life . 
 just hard work and some really awesome hacking . 
 hey ... '' he reaches under his bed and pulls something into his arms . 
 a white-splashed face peeks out from the nook of his elbow . 
 its nose twitches . 
 gabe laughs and scratches the rabbit behind its long , floppy ear . 
 looking at my brother 's face , i realize that i 've just lost my lunch . 
 little fucker . 
 * * * gabe and i sit in the room all day searching for something that will lead us to the angel 's identity . 
 it 's tedious , mind numbing , incredibly frustrating . 
 if there was any mercy in the universe , i would have been granted my montage and we 'd be skimming right over this endless minutia on the hard hitting chords of some appropriate soundtrack addition . 
 tarren comes back long enough to drop off food and practice some more scowls . 
 gabe gets a burger , and i get another bag of fish . 
 pointless darts of energy . 
 almost not worth the effort of killing , except i 'm hungry enough to start zapping ladybugs at this point . 
 `` weird dream last night , '' gabe says between bites as we lounge on our separate beds . 
 at first i do n't know which one of us he 's talking about , and then i do and this is worse , because he must have remembered his junkie roommate shivering over a dead animal carcass ... again . 
 `` i was in a lake , and i could n't swim even though i can in real life . 
 my arms and legs were really heavy . 
 it was storming ; we 're talking torrential rains , wicked lightening , humongous waves . 
 every time i tried to breathe , i kept getting water in my mouth . '' 
 `` you were probably trying to eat your pillow , '' i suggest as i drop another extinguished fish behind me onto the folded napkin . 
 `` and you were next to me in a little boat , '' gabe puts down his burger , `` reaching out your hand to pull me in , but you did n't have your gloves on and your hands were all like ... '' he pauses , and i assume his tact is finally catching up with his mouth . 
 i am mistaken . 
 `` ... like , glowy , like ahhhh . '' 
 he jazzes his hands as if this somehow pantomimes the split skin , the bulbs , the glow , the monstrosity . 
 `` you were saying ` gabriel , take my hand . 
 take my hand , ' which is weird because mom was the only one who ever called me gabriel . 
 i knew that if i took your hand you would ice me , so i was screaming at you , ` where 's tarren ? 
 go get tarren , ' and you pointed behind you . 
 tarren was standing on the shore watching us . 
 i screamed his name , even though i knew he could n't hear me . 
 i begged you to go get him , but you just kept saying ` gabriel , take my hand . ' 
 i would n't and you got mad and started cussing me out . '' 
 gabe picks up his burger and resumes eating . 
 `` wild huh ? '' 
 another note about living a sequestered life -- it tends to foster under-developed social discretion . 
 in other words , the inability to realize that if your dream happens to remind your roommate of her darkest , most soul-crippling fear , maybe you should just keep your god damn mouth shut about it . 
 i do n't really want to know , but in a small voice i ask , `` what happened ? 
 did i kill you ? '' 
 a fish blunders into my hand , and i pull it up out of the water . 
 `` course not . 
 francesca dove in and saved me . 
 turns out she was once a navy seal . 
 she pulled me to shore , and i pretended to be unconscious so she would give me mouth-to-mouth ... '' `` now you 're lying , i can tell . '' 
 and i can . 
 his teases express themselves as little greenish whirls in his aura . 
 `` what really happened ? '' 
 the writer in me knows that dreams often unmask the unconscious mind . 
 despite gabe 's assurances , his easy smiles , the sheer power of his shrugs , some part of him recognizes the threat i pose , the way it could end between us ... a noise erupts behind me , and i almost upturn the bowl of fish . 
 i grab my phone with a dripping hand . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i venture . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 a chipper voice replies . 
 `` is this mercedes ? '' 
 `` yes , yes it is , '' i say . 
 `` oh , wonderful ! 
 i 'm kathy mcgee . 
 you called earlier . '' 
 she speaks in a singsong voice that i immediately associate with heart-dotted i 's and no less than five winking emoticons per email . 
 `` of course , the , uh ... '' `` i 'm so sorry , but we gave all the labrador puppies away last week . 
 such precious little things . '' 
 `` oh , right . 
 well , shucks , that 's too bad . 
 i really love that brand . . 
 er , breed . 
 i hope they all found good homes . '' 
 `` oh , they sure did . 
 she seemed like such a wonderful woman . '' 
 `` one woman ? 
 did she take them all ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` well , yes , she has quite a large farm and ... . '' 
 gabe snags the phone out of my hand . 
 i grasp for it back , but he pushes my arm away and turns around . 
 `` hello there , this is agent adama with wildlife protective services . '' 
 his voice is smooth and low . 
 `` oh no , no , you 're not in trouble . 
 not at all . 
 but we have reason to believe a puppy mill may be operating in the area ... . 
 oh yes , i know ... terrible business ... . 
 the things i 've seen . 
 anyway , i 've had my assistant looking for suspicious activity . '' 
 gabe turns around and grins at me . 
 i give him my wild west squint o ' death . 
 `` such as one person buying an entire litter of puppies . 
 classic sign of a puppy mill at work ... well , it may be nothing , but we have to check into it . 
 you understand ... good , good . 
 anything you can tell me . 
 anything . '' 
 gabe sits back down and starts typing into his computer , clucking his tongue and murmuring , `` good , good , no , that 's definitely important . 
 you 're doing good . 
 anything else ? '' 
 and finally , `` i will . 
 no harm will come to those puppies , not while agent adama is on the job . 
 and god bless you too . '' 
 gabe hangs up and tosses the phone back at me . 
 `` what 've you got ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` could be nothing . 
 hispanic woman , drove an old corolla . 
 does n't really sound like our usual mo. '' `` there 's an mo for angels ? '' 
 `` old , white , male and rich . 
 like any exclusive club , it 's an old boy 's network . 
 the original members were mostly industry magnates , and they were careful about who they let into the clubhouse . 
 that 's changing now . 
 membership is starting to trickle down . 
 we 've been to harlem . 
 an indian reservation in nevada . 
 man , if you ever want to see poverty ... wait , wait , wait , i think ... '' gabe does n't finish . 
 his fingers pound the keyboard . 
 `` got it , '' he murmurs to himself . 
 i tense in response to the flare in his energy . 
 gabe swings around in his chair , lifts the lounging rabbit off his bed and gives it a big kiss on the forehead . 
 `` i am a friggin ' genius ! '' 
 chapter 40 `` see if you can keep up , '' gabe says . 
 the rabbit is sprawled on his shoulder , strangely passive in his care . 
 it chews on the ends of his hair , though tarren brought back a new bag of salad mix . 
 tarren stands near gabe 's bed , arms crossed , hair still wet . 
 he 's changed out of the sheriff 's uniform that fit him tight in the shoulders . 
 rain taps against the window trying to get in , and the thick banks of clouds are already diminishing the sunlight . 
 i keep my eyes away from the rabbit , away from the boys too . 
 i 'm sitting on my bed , hands pressed firmly against the comforter . 
 `` so , we got a lead on a woman who picked up a whole litter of puppies last week , '' gabe tells his brother . 
 `` that was me , '' i add . 
 `` i mean , not the one who picked up the litter . 
 i found it . 
 found her . '' 
 `` hispanic female , 30-40 years old . 
 maria h something . 
 drives an old , red corolla . 
 she 's average height , little overweight . 
 let 's say 150 - 180 pounds . 
 so ... '' `` dmv , '' tarren says . 
 `` do you always have to do this ? '' 
 `` hey , i put in a lot of work here , '' gabe says defensively . 
 `` i demand some appreciation . 
 so yeah , dmv . 
 i expanded the search into neighboring counties , and that gave me a good amount of hits to work with . 
 next up was credit reporting agencies . '' 
 `` that 's legal , '' i say . 
 `` totally not . 
 that 's where i got a hit on the list . '' 
 gabe turns to me and explains , `` whenever we have a stationary angel , i use an algorithm to put together a list of likely suspects in the area based on the angel mo we talked about -- old , white , male and rich . '' 
 `` you ca n't just find all that information about people , '' i accuse . 
 gabe laughs at the audacity of this statement . 
 `` oh , i certainly can . 
 big brother is out to get you maya ! 
 oooooohhhh . 
 he 's everywhere , '' gabe intones in a spooky voice . 
 `` he knows you spend all your time on robert pattinson fan sites . '' 
 `` wow , you actually think you 're funny . 
 that 's kind of sad , '' i retort . 
 `` stop it . '' 
 tarren says , because fun is being had . 
 i swear he must have been a mall cop in all of his past lives . 
 gabe composes himself . 
 `` alright , so turns out that one of our marias works for a guy on my list . 
 she 's an administrative assistant to howard krugal . 
 venture capitalist . 
 box seats . 
 total high flyer . 
 he would have the money and connections to hook up with the angel network . 
 and best of all , his mcmansion is three miles outside the park . '' 
 `` it 's compelling , '' tarren says . 
 `` ms. secretary bought a whole litter of dogs last week , three days before the homeless guy was iced . 
 said she had a farm . 
 unless by farm she meant a two bedroom/one bath condo in the city , then her pants are totally on fire . '' 
 `` we need to move now . '' 
 tarren 's voice is all business . 
 `` it 's almost sun down . 
 we 'll lose him if he gets to the park . 
 we 've got to take him at home . '' 
 `` got all his info . 
 address , house layout , everything , '' gabe says , and his voice is losing its humor . 
 he tugs his hair away from the rabbit and sets the creature down on his bed . 
 my heart is picking up , tuning to the rise in both their energy levels . 
 the shadows have been here the whole time , but now i notice how they cut chunks out of each of us -- taking off gabe 's hand , stealing tarren 's leg , splicing me in half . 
 `` alrighty , '' i say stupidly as i stand up from my bed . 
 `` you 're not going , '' tarren says to me almost as an afterthought . 
 `` what ? 
 no ! 
 i 'll do better this time , i swear . '' 
 `` this is n't sitting in the trees with a sniper rifle , '' tarren says . 
 `` we 're storming the house . 
 sometimes bullets fly . 
 you 'd get in the way . '' 
 `` then give me a gun . '' 
 `` you do n't even know how to use a gun , '' tarren 's voice is growing quiet , edgier . 
 `` of course i do . 
 point and pull the trigger . '' 
 gabe clears his throat . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i snap at him . 
 `` the safety . 
 you have to take the safety off first . '' 
 `` yeah ... '' i pause a beat too long , `` clearly that goes without saying . '' 
 tarren is already walking toward the door . 
 `` twenty minutes gabe . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 my voice is shrill enough to check his steps . 
 `` you 've been doing this your way forever . 
 i get that , but i 'm here now , and this is my fight too . 
 after everything i 've been through ... '' my voice catches . 
 for once in my life i 'm not acting . 
 this is pure turmoil burning my cheeks , crowding inside my throat . 
 `` i need to learn how to fight . 
 i need ... '' `` maya , '' gabe 's voice is soft , `` please , do n't do this . 
 we 're trying to protect you . '' 
 `` because you 're so fucking good at that ! '' 
 i cry . 
 tarren bristles , and he 's as good at bristling as he is at growling . 
 `` you 're untrained , which makes you a danger to us and to yourself , and you 've already proven that you 're over-emotional . 
 we ca n't be in there babysitting you while we 're trying to kill this thing . '' 
 i turn to gabe even though i know he 's even more entrenched than his brother . 
 `` gabe , come on . 
 please . '' 
 my voice is dust . 
 `` i have to be a part of this . '' 
 gabe shakes his head . 
 `` you do n't want to do this . 
 killing people . 
 seeing the things we have to see . 
 this is n't a good life . '' 
 `` i 'm not asking for a good life . 
 i 'm asking for purpose . '' 
 i look between them , searching for a breach in their faces . 
 there are none . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i lie down on the bed and tuck my hands beneath the pillow . 
 `` go . '' 
 `` twenty minutes , '' tarren says and walks out of the room . 
 * * * in fifteen minutes a gabe lookalike emerges from the bathroom , his skin raw and patchy from the pumice . 
 instead of torn jeans and an over-washed t-shirt , he 's wearing a trim black jacket , black pants , black boots and black gloves . 
 no lucky hat . 
 whoever he is , he has n't learned my brother 's smiles or the way his energy is supposed to take even strokes around his thin frame . 
 `` still mad ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i lay my head back down on the pillow . 
 `` you 're doing this for my own good . 
 i understand that . '' 
 `` we are maya . '' 
 `` gabe , i want to learn how to fight . 
 i want to kill grand more than anything in the world . '' 
 bizzaro gabe sits on his bed and pulls the rabbit onto his lap . 
 he takes a while before answering , another thing the real gabe would n't do . 
 `` i know it hurts ... '' a pause . 
 `` maya , i know . 
 would you believe me if i said hate is n't worth the heartache ? '' 
 i look up at the tiled ceiling trying to find something meaningful in the geometric patterns . 
 whatever i 'm searching for , i come up empty . 
 `` grand ruined my life . 
 i 've lost everything . 
 all i can think of is ... . '' 
 ryan in a coffin . 
 eyelashes turning to dust . 
 worms wriggling through his eye sockets . 
 `` revenge . '' 
 bizzaro gabe winces . 
 again , he takes his time in answering . 
 `` if you let the hate consume you , then you really will lose everything . 
 do n't let that happen . 
 please , maya . '' 
 `` that 's cliché . '' 
 i 'm in no mood for soft landings . 
 we ca n't all laugh our hurts away , or pretend there 's a happy ending coming just because we deserve it . 
 `` did you know you can house train rabbits ? '' 
 i turn away from the tiles to stare at the person who is gabe again . 
 `` i looked it up , '' he says . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so , i need you to do me a favor . '' 
 `` great , i 'm in a favor granting mood . '' 
 `` swear you wo n't kill him . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 i sit up . 
 `` sir hopsalot . '' 
 gabe strokes the rabbit 's long ears . 
 it turns its face up into his hand . 
 `` i 'm gon na keep him . 
 that means he 's family now . '' 
 `` okay , gabe . 
 i swear on my beloved floppy hat . '' 
 `` i 'm serious . '' 
 i 'm pissed at him right now . 
 beyond pissed . 
 blood boiling , steam-shooting-out-of-my-ears pissed , but i ca n't say no to gabe . 
 not with his sad smiles and mischief eyes . 
 not when his energy calms every time he picks up the damn thing . 
 `` sir hopsalot ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` awesome , right ? '' 
 gabe looks down at the rabbit and smiles . 
 `` he loves it . '' 
 `` sir hopsalot , '' i say formally , `` i hereby solemnly swear that no harm shall come to you by my hand . 
 i humbly apologize for my previous attempts to kill you . 
 let us be friends hereafter . '' 
 `` ha ! 
 hear that ? '' 
 gabe picks up the rabbit between his hands . 
 `` i think she likes you . '' 
 and because he 's gabe , the matter is closed . 
 if i could be grateful for silver linings it would be that i was given such a good brother who can not read minds , because when i 'm looking at his tousled , damp hair , his too-vulnerable-for-his-own-good eyes , what i mean is that i 'm seeing those things in spite of the energy that pulses around him . 
 blue as blue , true as true . 
 the song is always here , and it always comes first . 
 `` are you two done ? '' 
 tarren is standing in the room , suited up , his face affixed with an expression of heroic stoicism . 
 he looks like someone whose daring exploits are accompanied by theme music , or at least someone who has daring exploits . 
 gabe lets sir hopsalot down on the bed . 
 `` pee in the corner if you have to , '' he whispers to the rabbit . 
 then he shoulders his backpack , and his energy is changing again , turning in tight circles . 
 `` be careful , '' i say to them . 
 well , mostly to gabe . 
 as soon as they shut the door , i close my eyes and slowly count down from 10 . 
 the sounds crowd in . 
 10 -- rain turning angry against the windows 9 -- rabbit 's heart tapping inside its ribs 8 -- car pulling into the parking lot , breaks wincing 7 -- television audience erupting in laughter from the next room 6 -- pipes rattling as water flows through them 5 -- girl talking on the phone in the room above , laughing a loud honking laugh 4 -- steps along the corridor outside 3 -- old man humming a song in the room to the right , his voice raspy as wind blowing across dead leaves . 
 2 -- my own breath running the circuit of my lungs 1 -- the song , haunting in the background . 
 louder than everything else . 
 gabe was smart enough to power down his computer before jumping in the shower , but he does n't realize how easily i can follow his keystrokes even from across the room . 
 his password is cdttgmf . 
 gabe really should n't have saved all of krugal 's info in a folder on his desktop . 
 a girl could get curious . 
 i turn the water cold in the shower . 
 it helps with the pain of scrubbing off my skin for the second night in a row . 
 then i suit up in my angel-killing uniform -- the one with the stretch pants and heart holding teddy bear . 
 i try to be all serious and professional while doing this . 
 i do n't succeed . 
 it does n't matter ; i 'm getting used to looking stupid . 
 chapter 41 krugal 's house is n't far away , and i like running -- it helps me not to think . 
 instead , i feint in and out of the shaggy pine trees lining the road and feel the cool rain sliding down my back . 
 whatever grand goodbyes the sun might want to give on the horizon are censored by the clouds . 
 a dull gleam beneath a street light hails my eye , and i randomly decide to pocket the half-used tube of lipstick . 
 i think i already know what i 'm going to do with it . 
 i find tarren 's suv parked a block outside krugal 's gated community . 
 for no good reason except that i 'm starting to go giddy with fear and the certainty of my own stupidity , i pull out the ruby lipstick and draw sideways ms on the back window to make sloppy wings . 
 i am zorro . 
 tarren is right about me getting in the way . 
 being untrained . 
 i 'll probably bumble in and get us all killed . 
 i know this , and i 'm going anyway . 
 i have a reason somewhere in my head ; something about being part of the team , using my curse for good , seeing justice done . 
 ex malo bonum . 
 the repentant monster . 
 i draw a halo over the wings . 
 at the gate , the guardhouse is empty . 
 a camera perched on the fence is turned away , and its red light is dark . 
 i hear a slow and steady heartbeat coming from the thick hedges surrounding the gate . 
 gabe and tarren have found tranq guns to be of substantial value on their missions . 
 i launch myself over the gate , arcing to avoid the sharp points at the top . 
 the wind picks up , gusting rain into my mouth and eyes . 
 strands of hair stick to my face , and i tuck them back behind my ears . 
 i run down the street , just your average everyday girl out for an evening jog in her teddy bear pjs . 
 headlights sweep behind me , and i drop low , suddenly very interested in retying my shoes . 
 when the light crosses over me and moves down the street , i am back up , running again -- head down , eyes puckered to resist the rain -- past stately , sprawling houses with glittering chandeliers in the window . 
 and there it is : the home of harold krugal . 
 it 's large , but not ostentatious . 
 no fountain out front . 
 a mere handful of latticed windows . 
 the back door is unlocked , and the security alarm is dead . 
 i close the door behind me and take a deep breath of the holy shit what am i doing ? 
 variety . 
 beads of energy roam around the house , and i recognize the unique signature of each fox brother . 
 i creep through the rooms and find an older woman laid out on a couch , tranqed and probably dreaming the trippiest dreams of her life . 
 a vacuum stands in the middle of the floor , looking lonely . 
 i step around the vacuum , crouching low , suddenly forgetful of why i 'm here . 
 the hunger whispers in my mind , separating the chords of reason away from my hot , growing appetite . 
 not so repentant after all . 
 the thin film of light around my hands is evident in the darkness . 
 the bulbs are pressing against the fabric of my gloves as i look at the woman , watch her confused aura shiver . 
 i might even be drooling . 
 and then i turn away , because little maya is clamoring in my mind , screaming something stupid like you 're in control . 
 i keep moving through the house , honing in on the boys . 
 i hear the faint creaks of their footsteps above and something else . 
 a soft click like a latch unhooking . 
 i make it to the staircase , and tarren and gabe are just above me . 
 something is n't right . 
 there 's another clear bead of energy . 
 i hear their voices whispering . 
 `` master bedroom is clear , '' gabe says . 
 `` this is his office . 
 he 's got to be in here . 
 the rest are guest rooms . '' 
 `` alright . 
 we go in , we take him out . '' 
 the knob turns . 
 i 'm running up the stairs , skipping four at a time . 
 gabe pushes open the door , and tarren steps through , gun raised . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 i cry . 
 i 'm past gabe before he can swing his weapon around . 
 i plow into tarren , and his gun goes off , softened to a hiss by the attached silencer . 
 i hear a sharp crack as the bullet lodges in the wood paneling of the desk in front of us . 
 tarren and i are tangled on the ground , and he flips over , pinning my arms against the floor . 
 gabe is behind him , gun trained on me ... again . 
 he 's looking at the teddy bear on my chest . 
 `` maya , '' he says , confused . 
 `` stay on krugal , '' tarren growls to his brother , really growls . 
 he lets go of my wrists and i sit up . 
 his eyes are turning gray as if i could n't tell from his sparking energy how pissed he is . 
 i turn around and look at the figure sitting behind the desk . 
 krugal has n't moved , and when our eyes meet i see calm resignation . 
 `` you ca n't kill him . '' 
 i turn back to tarren . 
 `` he 's human . '' 
 chapter 42 it is a dark and stormy night . 
 an old man tightens his grip on the arm rests of his great wing-backed chair . 
 his eyes , dark and hostile , are sunken into bruised pouches of skin . 
 he is prepared to face the two shadowed figures moving toward him , brandishing their pistols . 
 a young woman stands in the back of the room . 
 there is something strange about her , something wild and hungry . 
 this is when the lightning should sear across the night sky like a jagged wound throwing the old man 's eyes , the guns , the girl into relief before releasing them back into the shadows as a long peal of thunder swells overhead . 
 there is a monster in this room , but the heroes are moving the wrong way . 
 sad heroes . 
 mean heroes . 
 heroes who are too sarcastic for their own good . 
 my mind is going crazy again like every other time i need to concentrate and stay calm . 
 harold krugal sits ramrod straight in his chair . 
 his wispy silver hair is combed back from a high forehead and heavy brow . 
 there is something wrong with his aura . 
 a bookshelf behind him holds different-sized bottles , each protecting an intricately-built model ship -- the kind i imagine brought conquistadors over to this side of the world . 
 a bottle lies on his desk encapsulating a half-constructed model . 
 gabe keeps his gun leveled at the man 's head , while tarren steps up to the desk and says , `` you 're harold krugal . '' 
 `` i am . 
 what , you need the safe combination ? 
 ca n't crack it yourselves like proper thieves ? '' 
 `` we 're not here for your money . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 he glances at me . 
 `` slumber party then ? '' 
 `` this is n't a joke . '' 
 tarren does n't need the scar to look menacing . 
 he 's somehow composed himself entirely of jagged metal and rock : steel voice , flint eyes , granite face , iron jaw . 
 `` that , i am sure of . '' 
 krugal tents his hands and waits . 
 `` you do n't seem surprised to see us , '' gabe says . 
 `` i crush dreams for a living . 
 i 've faced my share of threats before . '' 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 tarren asks . 
 `` there 's radiation all over the house . 
 who 's been infected ? '' 
 krugal tilts his head and smiles as if amused by a private joke . 
 `` people are sheep , '' he says . 
 `` they do n't want to excel . 
 they want to watch football and drink beer . 
 they want to throw back diet pills instead of running . 
 people are getting so fat they 've had to expand airplane seats . 
 incredible is n't it ? 
 we 're choking on our own excess , begging for more . '' 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 krugal takes the bottle between his hands , gives it a small push . 
 `` it 's still a jungle . 
 we each must decide for ourselves whether we are sheep ... '' the bottle spins lazy between his fingertips , `` ... or wolves . '' 
 `` and so you wanted to give your own a little leg up on the food chain ? '' 
 tarren keeps his scowl firmly fixed in place . 
 `` people are dying , '' gabe speaks up , `` innocent people . '' 
 `` yes , and that is unfortunate . 
 i had hoped that the animals would suffice , but it seems they are not enough . 
 then again , people die every day . 
 they 're starving in africa . 
 suffocating in china . 
 you 're not saving them . 
 there 's no difference . 
 human life is a commodity like everything else . '' 
 `` humans are not commodities , '' gabe 's voice is rising . 
 `` no ? '' 
 krugal touches the glass bottle to pause its motion . 
 `` then why do we send our soldiers off to war with paychecks in their pockets ? '' 
 `` i 'm not asking again , '' tarren says . 
 a crazy laugh itches in my throat . 
 how could any of this possibly be real ? 
 even the shadows are just right , cutting across krugal 's face , pooling in the deep lines of his sagging skin . 
 `` you 're going to tell us who and where . '' 
 tarren pulls a short blade from his belt . 
 `` now , or i 'll start cutting . 
 fingers first . '' 
 `` it wo n't work . '' 
 this is me , still lingering behind the two boys . 
 i 've got a part to play , so i hush my voice , turn it hollow and cold . 
 `` he 's not afraid , because he 's already dying . '' 
 i 've been watching the weak flicker of krugal 's energy . 
 it lays close to his body , churning slow like sludge and hued a murky brown almost to the core . 
 `` that 's why he did n't turn himself . '' 
 `` the tumor is inoperable , '' krugal confirms . 
 `` i wo n't really be needing my fingers much longer anyway . 
 you 're welcome to them . '' 
 he spreads his hands on the desk . 
 his rings click against the polished surface reminding me of another click i heard a short while ago . 
 then i understand . 
 `` the angel was here , '' i say , and the jump in krugal 's energy confirms it . 
 `` it went out the window . 
 i heard the noise right before you stormed the office . 
 he 's been stalling . '' 
 `` you keep strange company . '' 
 krugal is looking at my gloves . 
 there are many clever responses available , but it 's me , and i 'm not , so i do n't . 
 instead , i turn and make my way down the hall , touching each door until i find the one with the smell i recognize from the small shred of fleece . 
 the lights wake at my touch and throw me into a world of confusion . 
 zac effron is hanging out above the bed . 
 the jonas brothers rock on the ceiling . 
 random visuals fall into my swinging gaze : white comforter with small roses dotting the trim , green and silver pompoms hanging off the bed post , computer desk with books and stuffed animals crammed into the cubbies , clips and hair bands on the dresser , brush filled with long , copper hair , quotes scrawled on the closet door . 
 the one in the center says : an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind - ghandi i suppose this is ironic . 
 little wooden bubbles hang on the wall , each holding a picture . 
 in the first , three cheerleaders hide behind their pompoms , eyes squinted in laughter . 
 she must be the frizzy redhead in the middle , freckled and pale and no more than fourteen . 
 here she is again , younger , throwing a teddy bear at the camera , then sitting on a bench with krugal and another woman , also redheaded . 
 in one more picture she 's clutching the woman 's wide waist as they sit on a jet ski together . 
 `` there 's a door back here , '' tarren says behind me . 
 `` a deck , the carpet is wet . '' 
 `` it 's her . 
 she 's the angel , '' i say . 
 tarren peers over my shoulder at the pictures . 
 `` you sure ? 
 i 've never seen one that young . 
 children ca n't survive the infection process . '' 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 we look at each other , and for the first time i 'm glad for tarren 's tight , repressed energy field . 
 as i try to regain my bearings , try not to totally freak , i hold on to his hardened features : the squared shoulders , the locked jaw , those eyes , more blue than gray now , keeping their chill . 
 `` stay focused , '' he tells me . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i say and then say it again , louder . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 we return to the office . 
 gabe still has his gun trained on krugal . 
 `` granddaughter , '' tarren says . 
 the reaction of krugal 's energy confirms his guess . 
 `` oh , you sick fuck , '' gabe says . 
 `` who else ? '' 
 from tarren . 
 krugal leans back , suddenly small within the wide curve of his chair . 
 `` my son is a disappointment . 
 always was . 
 i sent him and his third wife to a beach in the caribbean with a hundred grand in his pocket . 
 he 'll drink it up in a month . 
 but my granddaughter is different . 
 amber is sharp . 
 not just book smart , but cunning , clever . 
 she can read people , twist them to get what she wants . 
 competitive . 
 passionate . 
 she is worthy of the chance to excel . 
 so i gave it to her . '' 
 krugal 's eyes linger on the half-finished ship inside the bottle . 
 `` it is love that propels us to do anything for our children . 
 and perhaps our own need to leave something important behind . '' 
 he glances at gabe 's gun and smiles . 
 `` amber knew to run if anything happened . 
 she 's gone . '' 
 `` you stay with him , '' tarren tells his brother . 
 `` make sure he 's telling the truth . 
 find out who infected the girl . 
 names . 
 numbers . 
 anything relevant . '' 
 `` you want me to torture an old dude with cancer ? '' 
 gabe hisses , keeping his eyes and weapon on krugal . 
 `` yes . 
 and kill him when you 're done . '' 
 `` he 's human . '' 
 `` he 's on their side . 
 if he lives , he 'll warn his contacts . '' 
 tarren clutches gabe 's shoulder , and they share a quick look . 
 `` this is the job . 
 use the tub . 
 wipe down everything when you 're done . '' 
 gabe gives a small nod and then fixes his gaze on krugal . 
 `` take maya with you . 
 she should n't be here . '' 
 tarren says `` come on . '' 
 i follow him to the door and stop . 
 `` did you give her a choice ? '' 
 i ask krugal . 
 he looks back at me , hands clasping the arm rests of his chair so tight i can see the bones of his knuckles through the thin parchment of his skin . 
 `` i asked her if she wanted to be better than all her classmates . '' 
 nothing snaps inside of me . 
 no breakage . 
 no boiling . 
 it just comes , the anger . 
 it 's there , filling me all the way up . 
 i walk with purpose into amber 's room and gaze at the picture of the cheerleaders giggling behind their pompoms . 
 the anger grows bigger and bigger inside of me . 
 tarren steps into the room behind me . 
 he opens his mouth , no doubt to issue a rebuke about me wasting time . 
 `` she 's at the park , '' i tell him . 
 `` she knows we 're coming . 
 she would n't go back there , '' he counters . 
 `` we 're wasting time . '' 
 i stare at the girl in the middle , counting her freckles like i sometimes count the stars . 
 green eyes , pointed nose . 
 poor little angel girl . 
 amber . 
 `` she 's afraid and confused . 
 the park is where she goes to think . 
 she feels safe there . '' 
 i look at tarren , and because he ca n't possibly understand , i make it easy for him . 
 `` you got any better ideas ? '' 
 `` no , '' he admits . 
 `` the car is down the block . '' 
 `` it 'll be faster to cut through the houses on foot . '' 
 `` maya , you ca n't come with me . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i walk out to the balcony ; let the misting rain cool my skin . 
 `` you wo n't be able to keep up . '' 
 i leap over the railing . 
 my feet crush divots into the soggy ground . 
 i run , kicking up muddy water , letting my legs propel me to their full speed . 
 wings would be nice , but there are other ways to fly . 
 chapter 43 the rain is calming down when the houses give way to the wide open fields of marymoor park . 
 everything seems drowned , hunched over to wait out the night . 
 ryan always accused me of being overdramatic . 
 flashlights cut through the branches , diluted with distance . 
 i hear the soft sucking of boots pulling away from mud . 
 the police are still searching through the night for sunshine bailey , unaware that her killer is a little redheaded cheerleader who could snap a grown man 's neck with her bare hands . 
 i look up into the trees , earning a fresh baptism . 
 i know where she is . 
 i climb , hands digging into the tree trunk , pine needles combing into my hair . 
 the branches tremble and shed pearl curtains of water when i step upon them . 
 i am soaked and shivering , sucking on my torn fingertips as i jump from branch to branch . 
 after a few slips , i kick off my shoes to gain better traction . 
 my new memory serves me well . 
 i 'm condemned to remember every laceration on tarren 's body in precise detail and the glassy eyes of every animal i 've murdered , but it does n't take me long to retrace my steps and find amber . 
 i see her silhouetted against the sky -- a dark shadow of a girl sitting on a preposterously high branch . 
 it 's the same towering spruce tree where i found the swatch of flannel , and now i know what it came from . 
 she 's wearing the same blue flannel pajama pants along with an old strawberry shortcake t-shirt soaked against her body . 
 the girl watches me as i climb . 
 the wind has decided to rest its voice . 
 the rain is a faint mist . 
 this is peace by exhaustion . 
 `` hey , '' i call . 
 `` leave me alone . '' 
 her red hair is unbound and plastered around her head . 
 `` but i just climbed up this huge tree . '' 
 `` this is you trying to be my friend . '' 
 `` no , '' i pause , thinking . 
 `` i just want the record to show i climbed this huge tree , and it was hard . '' 
 `` not that hard , '' the girl says softly . 
 `` not for me . '' 
 i manage to balance on two thin branches a little below her . 
 `` amber ? '' 
 `` are you going to kill me ? '' 
 her voice is solemn but beneath it i catch a hiccup of fear . 
 i look up at her . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` you 're not actually supposed to say that . 
 you 're supposed to say ` no , of course not . 
 i just want to talk . '' ' 
 `` i do want to talk . '' 
 amber 's face is the false calm of exhaustion , the kind when you 've wrenched your heart so hard you ca n't feel anything anymore . 
 ryan with worms crawling out of his eyes . 
 `` maybe i deserve to die . '' 
 her pale feet kick back and forth . 
 `` i 've killed people . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` i killed amanda . 
 i told her not to come over . 
 ever again . 
 that i was moving to tahiti to live in the wild . 
 amanda came over anyway . 
 she 'd made a card . '' 
 `` oh , '' and that 's all i say , because so often when the moment demands something brave or comforting or meaningful , the good words dissolve like ghosts from my mind , and what i 'm left with are crumbs like `` oh . '' 
 `` and grandpa says i 'm special now . 
 we 're going to move , but i 'll kill people there too . 
 i 'll just keep killing . '' 
 `` you can control it . '' 
 `` no , i tried . '' 
 her hands fold into tight fists . 
 glowing fists . 
 `` i know what you 're going through . '' 
 the girl gives me an appraising look . 
 `` no you do n't . 
 you 're muddled . '' 
 `` muddled ? '' 
 amber slides backward , so that she 's hanging upside down , knees bent around the branch . 
 her face is close to mine , and i feel the energy emanating from her . 
 no , not from her -- within her . 
 the light pulses softly beneath her skin , someone else 's energy . 
 she 's fed recently . 
 `` i can see your energy , but it 's gray , and there 's not much of it . 
 gray like smoke , '' she says . 
 `` i do n't have an aura . '' 
 `` yes you do . 
 there 's still some human left in you . '' 
 she swings back and forth , thick clumps of hair coming loose from her back , hanging like tentacles . 
 `` you 're not as strong as me . 
 i can tell . 
 and you 're hungry . 
 really hungry . '' 
 she 's right . 
 even as we 're talking , even as i 'm trying to keep my balance on the branches beneath my feet , the song of hunger is tapping off each rib , echoing through every blood vessel . 
 `` grandpa says i need to accept this new reality . 
 that i 'm an angel , and angels are meant to be better than humans . '' 
 `` that 's not true . '' 
 my voice sounds weak , unconvincing . 
 `` we 're stronger and smarter . 
 i 've memorized most of my history textbook . 
 ask me anything about the civil war . 
 you might be surprised to know that the greatest killer of all was disease . 
 dysentery was rampant . '' 
 `` amber , i think i can help you . '' 
 `` and that 's not all ... '' the girl lifts her legs and allows herself to fall . 
 her body is in motion . 
 with a sharp , graceful twist -- the type of grace that usually requires a harness and ropes or cg effects to accomplish -- she 's suddenly standing in front of me , balancing on my branches as they bend beneath our combined weight . 
 i know somewhere , somehow this is funny . 
 my teddy bear and her strawberry shortcake grin at each other , hiding murder beneath wet fabric and cold skin . 
 two terrified hearts drum against each other . 
 she is taller than me , thicker and more muscled from her transformation , glowing with the vitality of a fresh kill . 
 `` there 's also this . '' 
 amber extends her hand , and a phantom force pushes me off my perch . 
 i tumble backwards , enfolded in night and shrill wind for a horrifying second before crashing into a branch below . 
 as i slip off , i wrap my arms around it and twist back on . 
 the air is n't getting into my lungs fast enough , and pain crashes cymbals up and down my arm . 
 `` i 'm getting stronger . '' 
 amber looks down at me , tentacle hair framing her face . 
 `` at first i could only move little things . 
 flip open a book . 
 toss a tennis ball across the room . 
 but each time i feed i can throw a little harder . 
 pick up heavier things . '' 
 i scramble up as she leaps off her branches and lands on the edge of mine . 
 `` i do n't think you can do that , '' she says . 
 her face is too stoic for a child . 
 too cold . 
 `` the killing gets easier too . '' 
 amber takes a step forward . 
 phantom hands push me back a step toward the trunk . 
 `` i 'm not evil , at least not yet . 
 i feel bad about the people i 've killed . 
 there was a cop tonight . 
 he probably had a family . 
 a wife . 
 children . 
 it tears me up inside . 
 i think about amanda all day . 
 about her parents . 
 i come up here to cry . 
 i ca n't be evil if i still cry , right ? '' 
 her voice warbles and pain echoes across her pale face . 
 for a moment she stares at me . 
 beseeching . 
 lost like i have been lost ever since the day grand stood in my path . 
 amber takes another step forward . 
 i hold against her power , but my feet are slipping against the wet bark . 
 `` the thing is , '' her voice is hardly above a whisper , `` maybe grandpa is right about the new elite . 
 maybe this is the way things are meant to be . 
 a new and better race . 
 wolves and sheep . 
 i do n't know about that . 
 the only thing i do know about is the hunger . 
 i have to feed , so that 's what i do . '' 
 amber closes the gap between us . 
 `` i do n't want to die , so i 'm going to have to kill you instead . '' 
 she leaps toward me , but i tear myself out of her power and jump to the next tree . 
 pine needles grab savagely at my hair as i pull myself up on a steady branch . 
 even as i 'm scrambling for my balance , the branch trembles , and amber is standing in front of me again . 
 she is a checkered ghost -- hidden where the shadows drape across her body and shining as the newly-revealed moon touches her through the branches . 
 before i can stand , her fingers wrap around my throat . 
 she slams me down on the branch , and the night pulses strange colors in my eyes . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' she whispers into my ear . 
 a tear trembles on her lower eyelid then makes the jump to her cheek . 
 `` you 're the first one i 've gotten to apologize to . '' 
 chapter 44 i kick hard , connecting to amber 's ribs . 
 she hisses with pain and tightens her hold . 
 i 'm grappling with her wrist , trying to loosen her hand , but she 's stronger than me , much stronger . 
 thoughts are backing up in my mind , crashing into each other as the knots of panic tie off reason . 
 i know i 'm dying , and for some strange reason i only want to laugh . 
 her nails pierce my skin . 
 i 'm terrified and giggly . 
 i get a knee into her stomach , and the hands loosen . 
 i try to snatch a breath . 
 amber pulls me up and slams me down against the limb again . 
 this time the night blinks out . 
 the world is quiet , the hunger gone ... for a moment , and then i 'm back . 
 confused . 
 twitching . 
 almost out of air . 
 a little girl 's face peers over mine , long tentacles reaching for me . 
 why is she in pajamas ? 
 my hands drop away from her wrist . 
 i should try to kick again , but my legs are too heavy . 
 i ca n't seem to understand what 's happening or really care anymore . 
 the terror is loosening but whatever thoughts were backing up are gone . 
 there is only a darkness that might not be the night sky . 
 i ca n't find the stars . 
 a hiss and the rain starts again . 
 not rain . 
 the fingers on my neck relax . 
 amber is falling toward me , rolling off the branch . 
 then she 's gone , and i 'm gasping for breath , tasting metal in my mouth . 
 i hear her body smack against a branch and then a final thump as it hits the soft ground below . 
 the stars are back in the sky . 
 maybe they never left . 
 head throbbing . 
 thoughts percolating but unfinished . 
 blood ? 
 do n't fall . 
 a voice calls below . 
 `` maya ? '' 
 i carefully twist over to my stomach and squint past the powerful flashlight beam . 
 tarren is peering up at me , the gun at his side . 
 * * * the pain drums through my skull , big , powerful timpani beats . 
 small clips of time keep slipping away . 
 arms shaking , so weak , as i lower myself from the branches . 
 gone . 
 on the ground , somehow , kneeling against the tree . 
 tarren 's eyes in mine . 
 `` is it raining again ? '' 
 i murmur , because we need something to talk about , or this might be awkward . 
 i have a strange croaking voice that i do n't recognize . 
 my neck feels pulpy and bruised like rotted fruit . 
 gone . 
 tarren on his knees in front of me , saying something . 
 that scar and the others concealed , but i can still see them . 
 secrets hidden in the scars or because of the scars . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` i asked if you 're bleeding . '' 
 tarren 's voice is soft . 
 something strange in his face . 
 `` i think it 's hers . 
 are those my shoes ? '' 
 a pair of muddy sneakers are tied together at the laces and slung over his shoulder . 
 `` why did you steal my shoes ? '' 
 the song . 
 he 's too close , and there 's this expression on his face . 
 gone . 
 `` come on maya , your head . 
 did you hit your head ? '' 
 his voice going deeper like the creases across his forehead . 
 `` of course not . 
 i was very good about my head . 
 the tree did though . '' 
 nothing from tarren . 
 does n't he think this is funny ? 
 wo n't he ever smile ? 
 tarren reaches out , hesitates , then touches my head lightly , running his fingers over the surface of my scalp until i hiss in pain . 
 `` ah , '' he says . 
 gone . 
 fingers in my hair , feather touches , but it still hurts . 
 `` i feel the contusion , but there 's no blood , '' tarren says . 
 `` that 's good . '' 
 and suddenly i 'm so afraid , because i ca n't be losing time . 
 not when tarren is this close to me with his energy and its colors and the song making me so crazy that my thoughts are scattered like puzzle pieces ; broken like glass shards ; splattered like raindrops ; scrambled like eggs ; spotty like a dalmatian ; far , far away like the stars hidden behind the clouds . 
 not when i 'm fighting each and every second with all the reserve i 've got left . 
 `` tarren , please , '' i cry out , too loud . 
 i twist my head away from his hands and scramble backwards into the solid tree at my back . 
 tarren flinches and drops his hands . 
 `` oh , of course , '' he says , and his face is changing . 
 the creases come out , and his mouth sets . 
 whatever was there before , the thing that i would have sworn was concern if it had n't been perched upon that particular face , is gone . 
 my thoughts are coming back , stitched crooked but good enough . 
 i instinctively press my palms into the ground , groaning as mud seeps between my fingers . 
 amber is sprawled a couple feet away . 
 her arm is twisted behind her , and she looks like a broken doll some careless child dropped and forgot to put away . 
 `` you killed her , '' i say , turning back to tarren . 
 `` yes . 
 she clearly could not control her hunger . '' 
 i take note of this slight shift . 
 tarren could have said because she was an angel . 
 maybe it 's all the same to him . 
 maybe not . 
 his eyes are all dark and hooded now , and he 's being more careful with his energy . 
 i 've tipped him off too much about what i can see . 
 i look at the girl , who was still a girl even when she was n't . 
 monster and victim . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 `` i bury her . '' 
 `` oh . 
 okay . 
 where ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about that . 
 you 're going back to the motel . '' 
 if i were brave , i would say `` no , you should n't do it alone . '' 
 i would accompany tarren into the night . 
 i would help him wrap up the broken , bloody body in tarp . 
 we would wrestle the wet ground out of the way with our shovels and lower the child into a shallow ditch . 
 if i were brave , i would say something good and meaningful to amber before we pushed the sloppy mud upon her . 
 maybe i could forgive her , or at least tell her that i really do understand about the hunger and the things it made her do . 
 these same lures dance in my head , so close to reality that a single slip will propel them from my mind into a living nightmare . 
 but i am not brave . 
 i am tired and wet and numb . 
 i feel like a little girl myself as i sit in the car waiting for tarren to emerge from the woods carrying his tarp-wrapped burden . 
 when he does , i notice the slightest dip in the vehicle as he lays her body down in the trunk . 
 tears slip down my face as we head back . 
 tarren is silent about this and the lipstick , which is no longer on the back window , and about everything else i have done wrong tonight . 
 i lean against the doorframe , opening and closing my eyes , trying to figure out which one is less painful for my throbbing head . 
 i try to swallow then stop trying . 
 instead , i wonder about the strange expression i caught on tarren 's face . 
 about why he got so close to me without keeping a hand on his gun . 
 gone . 
 we are at the motel . 
 the car idles . 
 tarren waits for me to get out . 
 i turn my head and stare at my brother . 
 tired and strong . 
 smart , bristling , cut to shreds . 
 handsome and hidden . 
 so angry . 
 afraid of living most of all . 
 i decide it 's time to throw a battering ram at the wall between us , see if i can wend some cracks through the thick mortar . 
 `` you remembered me , '' i say . 
 `` you were unarmed . 
 i could n't let ... '' `` when i was a baby . 
 you remembered . '' 
 tarren draws back a little , and i can see his mind shifting quickly , recovering , re-evaluating , growing cautious . 
 `` a little . 
 it was a long time ago . '' 
 `` and the birthmark . 
 that 's how gabe found me . 
 you remembered my birthmark . '' 
 another pause as tarren studies my expression . 
 he turns off the engine . 
 he waits . 
 `` when grand took me , he , he , '' i pull in a shaky breath , because here it comes -- the imprisoned memories are un-gagged and released from their chains -- `` he knew about the birthmark . 
 he was n't sure it was me until he saw it . 
 how did he know about that tarren ? '' 
 my voice cracks , mind cracks , memories rampaging , crushing boxes . 
 `` how could he know ? '' 
 tarren 's eyes are as dark a blue as they ever get , and he 's clamping down on his energy as if this does n't tell me everything . 
 `` after grand captured you , tortured you , why would he just let you go ? '' 
 tarren does n't say anything , so i answer my own question . 
 `` he would n't . 
 you made a deal for your freedom . 
 you had something valuable to trade . 
 say something ! '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 tarren breaks our gaze . 
 the granite crumbles from his face , leaving something more vulnerable that he hides by looking off into the half empty parking lot . 
 `` yes , i told grand about you . 
 about the birthmark . '' 
 i wait for more , the spill of confession , the breakdown , the stubborn justifications . 
 all i get is his face in profile , tiny flicks of energy escaping his grip . 
 `` wo n't you even make an excuse ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but he was torturing you . 
 cutting you up . 
 defend what you did ! '' 
 `` no maya , i wo n't . 
 you should hate me . '' 
 i slump against the window , balling my hands into fists and tucking them between my legs . 
 how can he keep doing this to me ? 
 i pull in a deep breath and then magically , wonderfully , finally , i know exactly what to say . 
 `` sometimes i do , but i 'm beginning to realize that i can never hate you more than you hate yourself . '' 
 tarren nods , accepting the blow . 
 `` and tammy ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` how could you bargain for your own life and not hers ? '' 
 what to make of tarren 's face , the way it looks right now , like he 's withstanding exquisite torture but inviting it too . 
 how to describe what his repressed aura is doing -- seething with orange flames , neon yellows and bloody reds -- a thousand fine filaments glowing with his shame , his anger , with so many other emotions i can not identify . 
 yet , he is still holding himself back ; i am only seeing vapors of the full heartbreak inside of him . 
 `` i could n't save tammy , '' tarren whispers . 
 how to describe him at all when he hides every part of himself behind a thousand granite shields . 
 i wonder if that shy little boy he once was is curled up in the center of the phalanx , or if his shields are protecting nothing at all . 
 i 'm not angry . 
 just tired . 
 wet and wrung . 
 still shivering . 
 hungry . 
 we 've been sitting here in silence too long . 
 `` gabe does n't know , does he ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 tense . 
 tarren does n't realize that this is n't the punishment . 
 `` you never told him how grand found out about me . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` maybe gabe could have found me sooner , before grand '' -- i almost say `` tricked you , '' but swallow those words and manage -- `` came after me . 
 you could have warned me or hid me , or , i do n't know , something . '' 
 `` it 's possible , '' he says . 
 `` then why tarren ? '' 
 silence . 
 `` to salvage your pride ? '' 
 i ca n't understand the expression on his face . 
 ca n't understand anything about him . 
 `` are n't you even sorry ? '' 
 i cry . 
 tarren 's energy escapes his control and jumps up high between us -- a conflagration of pained red and deepest ochre that blasts open my palms . 
 he wrestles it down again . 
 `` yes . '' 
 quiet . 
 strained behind closed teeth . 
 `` yes , '' he says again , this one even softer . 
 it would have been nearly inaudible to my old ears . 
 i open the door of the suv . 
 rain pecks at my leg and shoulder as i step out . 
 deep , moist breath . 
 puddles broken and clouded by my muddy feet . 
 `` i wo n't tell gabe . '' 
 we look at each other , defenses dented but holding . 
 `` thank you , '' he whispers . 
 `` i need to learn to fight . '' 
 `` i 'll teach you . '' 
 he starts the engine . 
 `` good . '' 
 i close the door , and tarren drives away , leaving the ghost of grand trailing chilled fingers down my back . 
 searching . 
 discovering what he knows is there . 
 he baited my brothers with their own concern . 
 tricked and followed them to me . 
 i knew they would find you . 
 faulty heroes , but i wo n't tell them . 
 there is pain enough already . 
 guilt enough . 
 burdens enough for us all . 
 i tilt my head back and catch falling raindrops in my mouth . 
 they taste like rust , but i feel a little more human for doing it . 
 chapter 45 in the empty motel room i pull off my clothes slowly , though this will be painful no matter how i do it . 
 then it 's just me : freestyle blood art on my face , necklaced in bruises , puffy shoulder , purple-blue amoeba along my back where i hit the tree branch , red-rimmed eyes and mouth open , panting strangled notes of misery , because i do n't know how i can possibly handle this . 
 any of this . 
 there 's been no sun today or the day before that . 
 i clutch the sides of the sink , retching up the dust in my stomach . 
 i 'm thinking about zac effron grinning down on an empty bed , and the jonas brothers jamming with no one listening . 
 the shower takes the blood off my skin , and i stay in longer just to see if it can get anything else out . 
 afterwards , i sit on the floor of the bathroom and tear my muddy clothes in half so i 'll never have to wear them again ; decapitate that smiling teddy bear . 
 the rabbit is smart enough to hide beneath gabe 's bed . 
 i lay on mine , keeping my fingers curled tight over the open slits in my hands while i wait for my brothers and try not to think about anything . 
 i whisper grand 's taunt over and over again , the syllables creased and worn with use . 
 everything you ever stood for will be forgotten . 
 i will bury your body so deep in the ground that no one will ever dig you up . 
 i 'll rid this world of every single one of your angels of death . 
 i will soak your dreams in blood and burn them to ash . 
 there wo n't be a speck of you left , and the world will be a better place for it . 
 goodbye father . 
 grand is still out there in the world . 
 waiting . 
 plotting . 
 he followed the boys once , but he must have lost them after the fight . 
 he has n't found us yet , but he 'll try again . 
 tarren will train me , and i 'll be ready . 
 i will kill him . 
 i must . 
 my brothers return together three hours later . 
 i listen to their car doors open and close . 
 the faint whispers of energy i know so well . 
 slow circles for gabe , twitching for tarren . 
 they stand in front of tarren 's door , and i try to imagine what look they must be exchanging . 
 `` get some rest , '' tarren says . 
 `` yeah right , '' gabe mutters . 
 neither moves . 
 `` do you think she 'll be alright ? '' 
 tarren thinks before answering . 
 `` she does n't have a choice . '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 gabe walks to our door . 
 he pauses , probably fishing for his key card . 
 `` she 's strong , '' tarren says . 
 `` i 'm going to find a way to make it easier for her . 
 for now ... just keep being you . '' 
 `` alright , '' gabe says softly , surprised like me . 
 `` goodnight . '' 
 `` get some rest , '' tarren says again . 
 they open and close their doors together . 
 i have taken this time to pull the covers up over my body , to tuck my hands beneath my pillow and close my eyes . 
 i hitch my breath when gabe pauses by my bed . 
 he moves on , and i let my breath out slow . 
 gabe stays in the shower for a long time . 
 i listen to the hiss of water , the sound of him scrubbing over and over . 
 lady mcbeth sits on the sink and laughs . 
 after the shower , gabe keeps on his boxers and white undershirt and tosses the black clothing in the general proximity of his duffle bag . 
 sir hopsalot can not be induced to emerge from his hideout despite promises of a bowl overflowing with salad mix . 
 after a half hour online , gabe shuts down his computer , runs a hand through his drying hair and turns off the lamp . 
 we lay in our separate beds staring at different things . 
 gabe picks the ceiling , and i choose his energy , watching it tick in agitation just like tarren 's . 
 i try to stay as still as the twitching will allow . 
 an hour goes by , and his energy is still sparking up and down , his heart thumping fast . 
 i can still smell the bleach on the clothes he was wearing . 
 blood too . 
 i 'm twitching harder now . 
 hands sweating under the pillow . 
 the bulbs are out , pulsing hot . 
 thoughts coming undone . 
 `` why do you do it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 a sigh . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 gabe turns his head in my direction . 
 `` it . 
 this . 
 hunting angels . 
 let 's say you do win . 
 tarren creates a cure . 
 whatever . 
 all the angels are back to normal . 
 the world will still be a violent and ugly place . 
 there will still be gangs and drugs and war . 
 bad things will always happen to good people , angels or not . '' 
 gabe rolls onto his stomach , props himself up on his elbows so that he can turn toward me . 
 `` my father was a geneticist . 
 he helped dr. cook with his research , helped him figure out how to do it . 
 make angels . 
 he did n't know , thought it was all theoretical , but he helped create them . 
 it 's our fault they 're here , so we have to make it right again . '' 
 `` what your father did is not your fault gabe . 
 you did n't even know him . '' 
 `` it 's our mission . '' 
 `` it 's not your job to save the world . 
 to give up your life for it . 
 that 's not fair at all . '' 
 `` if the angels win , it 's all over . 
 they 'll breed humans for food or hunt us down like animals . 
 i ca n't let that happen . 
 i wo n't . '' 
 his voice is rising . 
 `` maya , we save people . 
 that 's worth everything , everything that we 've suffered . 
 it 's worth dying for . 
 all that other stuff , gangs and war , well , i figure those are human problems and humans can solve them . '' 
 `` did krugal talk ? '' 
 in the long pause that follows , gabe 's energy shivers with wan yellows . 
 i can almost see the memories playing across his mind , pressing sharp nails against his psyche . 
 `` yeah , '' he says finally . 
 `` there are certain pressure points on the body . 
 it did n't take long . '' 
 `` and then you killed him . '' 
 `` it 's the job , '' gabe whispers , and i 'm not sure who he 's trying to convince . 
 we are silent a long while after this . 
 gabe shifts to his back , stares at the ceiling again . 
 i curl my hands into fists , bite my lip , push my nails into the flesh of my palms . 
 anything to hook my attention away from the hunger and this growing panic that the night will never end . 
 rain patters against the windows . 
 so much rain . 
 finally , in desperation , i ask , `` do you really think we 'll win ? '' 
 a long quiet . 
 `` i do n't know , '' gabe whispers . 
 `` oh . '' 
 we wait the night out together , lost in our very different struggles . 
 eventually , the torment loosens its grip on gabe 's mind . 
 i watch his aura lose its peaks and eddies as he yields to exhaustion and drifts into a heavy sleep . 
 now his energy hums , smooth and quiet . 
 no nightmares for him . 
 lucky brother . 
 as soon as gabe is asleep , i 'm out of bed and across the room . 
 sitting at the desk . 
 tapping , tapping , tapping my fingers . 
 following tarren 's energy , all jittery and exhausted , as he paces next door . 
 trying to keep a reign on myself . 
 thinking of what amber said about being evil . 
 but i ca n't think , not really . 
 it 's all faux thoughts , tangled ribbons each leading to the ugly hunger inside of me . 
 the song . 
 audio hostem . 
 how to describe the song . 
 i pull my notebook , all soggy with apologies , out of my bag . 
 open to a clean page . 
 press my fingers hard against my temples and feel the heat from my hands on each side of my face . 
 glowing again . 
 knees jiggering . 
 tarren still pacing . 
 gabe breathing slow ; stupid enough to fall asleep with a monster in the room . 
 that thing is happening when i lose all my thoughts . 
 words slip away . 
 sentences crack under the weight . 
 i 'm forgetting my own name . 
 this means i have to think of ryan . 
 concentrate on him and his vanilla scents . 
 and gurgely stomach . 
 and maybe avalon if i can get over these knives sticking in my heart . 
 ryan . 
 ryan . 
 ryan . 
 please . 
 oh , ryan . 
 do n't let me kill my brother . 
 at least not the one i like . 
 i need to write something . 
 about the hunger ? 
 about ryan ? 
 i have n't written anything since that night except for imaginary letters asking for a forgiveness i will never earn . 
 i 've been too afraid of the things that will come out of me if i let them . 
 but tonight i need distraction . 
 even if it means giving voice to the monster . 
 the pen is shaking on the paper , dropping loose letters up and down the lines . 
 i 'm not sure the words even make sense . 
 i 'm so close to breaking . 
 i can feel it , and there 's nothing i can think to do except keep unwinding my soul on the page . 
 keep writing . 
 keep trying . 
 keep holding myself back . 
 this feels useless . 
 i 'm not evil . 
 not yet . 
 not until gabe shifts in his sleep , and his energy jumps . 
 i 'm not evil , even though i 'm suddenly standing over his bed . 
 this is all animal . 
 all instinct . 
 there is no maya left to be evil . 
 just the monster dancing to the song . 
 gabe is on his side , one arm tucked under the pillow , the other curled in front of his face . 
 that wavy hair is all over his pillow . 
 he smells like soap and shampoo . 
 his aura is so round and perfect . 
 blue as blue . 
 true as true . 
 he should have never trusted me . 
 my gloves are gone . 
 it will be quick ; he wo n't even wake up . 
 ever wake up again . 
 a painless death for my sweet brother . 
 maybe even a sort of kindness . 
 no more worries , no more fear , no more aching loneliness . 
 i 'm going to have to kill tarren too . 
 it would be too cruel to take away the only person he has left . 
 monster maya . 
 pixie girl . 
 fallen angel . 
 all swirled together into muddy brown . 
 my hand reaches toward him , glowing bright . 
 gabe blocking tarren 's gun with his own too-big heart . 
 `` maya , take my hand . '' 
 `` i 'm trusting you with my life right now . '' 
 putting on deodorant just for me . 
 `` you 're my sister , and i 'm going to protect you . 
 i wo n't let you slip . 
 i wo n't let you fall . '' 
 the way he glances at me sometimes and streaks of loving purple spread through his aura . 
 he never flinches when i touch him . 
 this is how gabe rescues me again , like he always does . 
 i look down at my sleeping brother , and i need someone to believe in me . 
 i need to know that someone thinks i 'm strong enough to save myself , even if i do n't . 
 epilogue i 'm on the roof of the motel , though i ca n't remember leaving the room . 
 the hunger is still tearing me to pieces , so that means i did n't kill gabe . 
 tears of relief drip down my face , or maybe it 's terror , or some strange , sad mixture . 
 i 'm laughing , but it 's all hiccups and retches . 
 i have the notebook in my hands , and now i remember . 
 there is one letter i have n't written . 
 one person 's forgiveness i have not yet begged . 
 because to ask forgiveness is to acknowledge that he is dead . 
 it is to lay flowers upon his grave and wish him well in whatever comes after this , though i suspect there is n't anything at all . 
 i open the notebook and flip past the other pages . 
 my hands are shivering and twitchy , but i feel more in control now that the worst has passed and i am alone on the roof . 
 the words do n't come , but they will . 
 i can wait . 
 i take a deep breath , all wet and wonderful . 
 amber said i had an aura , small and ugly though it was , which means there is still a part of me that is human . 
 i dig my nails into my palms as i finallsy digest her words and realize what they mean . 
 `` i am a hybrid , '' i say the words out loud . 
 this means there 's hope . 
 hope that i can control the hunger . 
 did n't i just pass the most crucial test of all ? 
 was n't the song drowning me and still i held my breath ? 
 the hiccups are dying down , but my heart takes over , kicking hard in my chest , testing the integrity of my ribs . 
 little snaps go off in my stomach , like butterflies exploding . 
 `` i 'm in control , '' i whisper , awed . 
 and i believe it . 
 i really do . 
 i look down at the crazy , terrible paragraphs scrawled on the pages of my notebook . 
 i will start again . 
 i will tell ryan 's story , and gabe 's story and tarren 's story . 
 and the story of a girl with broken wings . 
 something glitters on the horizon . 
 the first lip of sun edges up from the darkness . 
 the clouds hover close , ready to eclipse , but in this moment the sun is free of their reach . 
 a girl with broken wings , done falling . 
 i take up my pen and turn to the next empty page . 
 it 's time to say goodbye to ryan . 
 and finally , the words come . 
 get the follow-up novella to falling for free maya 's adventures and tribulations are just beginning ! 
 follow her , gabe , and tarren as they fight the good fight and make a grizzly discovery in coping , a follow-up novella to falling . 
 you can read this fast-paced , absorbing novella for free by joining my email list so that i can keep you in the loop when i release something new . 
 click here to sign up , and i 'll send you the super secret code to get coping for free . 
 -lrb- get a short taste of coping in the sample below . -rrb- 
 friends review friends ' books if you enjoyed falling , please consider writing a review . 
 your reviews and referrals mean a lot and can help other readers fall into the grip of maya 's adventure . 
 keep in touch wait , do n't go ! 
 you just got here . 
 please come by and say hello if you have time . 
 my website includes a few special extras for my extra special fans -lrb- you are extra special , are n't you ? -rrb- . 
 find me at : website : www.jbennettwrites.com social media : www.facebook.com/jbennettwrites email : jbennett@jbennettwrites.com works by j bennett girl with broken wings series falling -lrb- book one -rrb- coping -lrb- novella , 1.5 -rrb- >> keep reading for sample landing -lrb- book two -rrb- rising -lrb- book three -rrb- the vampire 's housekeeper chronicles employment interview with a vampire -lrb- short story , # 1 -rrb- the vampire hunter comes to call -lrb- short story , # 2 -rrb- duel with the werefrog -lrb- short story , # 3 -rrb- when vampires and ninjas collide -lrb- short story , # 4 -rrb- death in the family -lrb- short story , # 5 -rrb- about j bennett j bennett lives and writes in san diego . 
 her writing partner is a bunny named avalon who contributes to each manuscript by trying to eat it . 
 his adorableness is his primary strength as a writer . 
 j bennett is a professional copywriter and an author who loves asking that oh-so-dangerous question -- `` what if ? '' 
 she currently writes a paranormal adventure series , girl with broken wings , and a tongue-in-cheek vampire humor short story series , the vampire 's housekeeper chronicles . 
 contact j bennett at jbennett@jbennettwrites.com next in the girl with broken wings series : coping a novella we make it to poughkeepsie , ny in late morning of the third day on the road . 
 turns out that poughkeepsie is a quaint , pretty town right next to a thick vein of dark water , the hudson river . 
 we 're all tired and achy , and gabe finds us a room at a rundown inn . 
 there 's no time for rest . 
 gabe and tarren hash out a quick plan , deciding to case the targeted house in the morning and then return for the kill at night if hendricks proves to be present . 
 we each take a turn in the shower , throw on a new change of clothes and then it 's back to the suv , which stinks of our bodies and the food the brothers have eaten on the road . 
 at least the sky is clear , and the sun is streaming down , soaking into my skin and soothing my raw hunger . 
 we push out of poughkeepsie , turning onto increasingly smaller , older roads , until we are bumping over potholes , and spindly branches tap against our windows . 
 individual houses crop up every couple of miles or so . 
 i focus on the energy of my brothers , amazed at how tight and locked each are . 
 ready for action . 
 the opposite of the jittery nervousness and uncertainty that is the clay of maya . 
 when we hit a dirt track , tarren carefully pulls off the road . 
 `` how far out ? '' 
 he asks gabe . 
 `` bout three quarters of a mile . '' 
 `` we walk from here . 
 our cover is that we 're hikers . '' 
 i get out and shade my eyes . 
 summer is n't leaving new york without a fight . 
 the air is hot and heavy enough to mix with a wooden spoon . 
 a high chorus of insects thrums through the thick woods on either side . 
 i feel hemmed in by these large trunks . 
 it 's definitely giving me a b-horror movie vibe . 
 `` you might want to go hang with tarren for a bit , '' gabe says as he jumps out of the passenger seat . 
 `` i 've got ta ' shake a leg if you know what i mean . '' 
 `` it was only a twenty minute drive , '' i tell him . 
 `` yeah , well , i got ta go again . 
 so sue me . '' 
 he turns and unzips . 
 i beat feet to the other side of the car and cover my ears . 
 tarren pulls open the hatch and leans in to collect gear . 
 he sees me , peers over to gabe 's side of the car and shrugs . 
 when i deem it safe and uncover my ears , tarren says , `` the downside of enhanced hearing , huh ? '' 
 his mouth quirks up in a short smile . 
 `` yeah , i guess , '' i reply . 
 this is weird , us bonding , and i think tarren recognizes it to , because the smile comes off his face , and it 's almost like it was never there at all . 
 he goes extra solider , his back cranking a little straighter . 
 `` i want to go do the recon with you , '' i tell him and try to sound self-assured . 
 `` this enhanced hearing , '' i tap my ear , `` could come in handy . '' 
 tarren does n't say anything for a moment , and i know his mind is churning over all the possibilities , weighing the benefits of my enhanced senses with the negatives of him thinking that i 'm a total screw up . 
 `` okay , '' he says softly , though there 's still a hint of mistrust in his features . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i ca n't squelch my surprise . 
 `` we have a deal , '' tarren reminds me . 
 oh yeah . 
 tarren trains me to fight , and i do n't tell gabe that tarren 's the reason grand found out about my existence . 
 still zipping up , gabe comes around . 
 `` we camouflage the car and go in quiet , just close enough for a view , '' tarren says . 
 `` we confirm if hendricks is on the premise and if he 's alone , and then we pull back . '' 
 gabe nods . 
 i nod too , cross my arms over my chest and try to look like this spy stuff is totally standard . 
 my brothers arm up . 
 tarren prefers a 32c glock on each hip . 
 gabe slips on two shoulder holsters and sticks a loaded barreta px4 into each one . 
 they both sling a pair of military grade binoculars around their necks . 
 while my brothers get ready , i snap off some heavy branches from nearby tress and stack them up in front of the murano . 
 it 's a pretty crappy camo job , but i 'll trust in gabe 's philosophy that people do n't notice jack shit . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 tarren asks gabe . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` and you ? '' 
 tarren looks over at me . 
 i could never have envisioned my life heading down this twisted path where monsters lurk on the other end . 
 but i nod anyway . 
 gabe throws me a pair of sad eyes but does n't say anything . 
 he hates that i 'm doing the mission thing with them now . 
 too fucking bad for him . 
 `` we 'll close in on 300 yards , '' tarren says . 
 `` check , '' i reply as gruffly as i can , even though i do n't know how far away 300 yards is . 
 with tarren in the lead , and gabe behind me , we slip into the woods and slowly make our way toward hendricks 's house . 
 we do n't pass any other residences on the way . 
 fear is a fascinating thing . 
 how it can crawl into your stomach , small as a gooey larvae and then grow and grow until it fills up your entire body . 
 both tarren and gabe 's auras are calm . 
 they have a technique for this that i have not yet learned , but i wonder at the thoughts that cross their minds . 
 if they can possibly be pushing through the same mental quicksand that pulls me down further with each step . 
 `` here , '' tarren says softly . 
 a bead of sweat trickles down his face , and there are growing patches of wetness beneath each arm . 
 sure enough , up ahead , the dirt road leads to a handsome colonial . 
 three floors at least , with a heavy façade of bricks and white siding . 
 `` lotta cars out there , '' gabe whispers behind me . 
 three suvs and a jeep are lined up behind each other at the end of the road . 
 next to the house is a large metal barn . 
 inside the barn is ... oh no . 
 `` we may be dealing with more than just hendricks , '' tarren says . 
 `` we 'll spread out , link up by bluetooth and find out how many angels are in that house . 
 gabe , you take point . 
 maya and i will ... '' `` the barn , '' i whisper . 
 gabe is already climbing up a tree behind me . 
 tarren lowers his binoculars . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` humans . 
 in the barn . '' 
 i feel the whisper of their auras , even from this distance . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i close my eyes , and try to hone my sense -- that new and terrifying predator part of me that automatically locks onto the pulse of human auras . 
 `` there 's something wrong with their energy . 
 they 're weak . 
 confused . '' 
 tarren looks up at gabe . 
 they do n't say anything , but i know those identical expressions . 
 they 're sharing something , and it is n't good . 
 `` shit , '' gabe whispers . 
 tarren turns back to the house and raises his binoculars . 
 `` four different vehicles ... '' a side door opens from the house , and two men emerge into the daylight . 
 one is tall and brawny , wearing a torn muscle shirt and a pair of skinny jeans that suck against his powerful legs . 
 the second is short , slighter than his companion and blanketed with thick dark hair on each arm . 
 he 's rocking a heavy gold watch on his wrist that glitters under the sun . 
 `` maya ? '' 
 gabe asks grimly . 
 no auras around the two men . 
 `` angels , '' i confirm . 
 `` both of them . '' 
 `` that 's hendricks , '' tarren says . 
 `` the shorter one . '' 
 the two men stroll toward the barn . 
 hendricks has something clutched in his right fist . 
 it ca n't be ... leashes ? 
 my skin breaks out in goose bumps . 
 gabe 's aura starts to jump , but he takes a deep breath and it soothes back down . 
 the bigger of the two angles pulls open the door of the barn . 
 hendricks saunters into the doorway and barks out a laugh . 
 even from this distance , his loud , arrogant voice carries to my sensitive ears . 
 `` how are we all doing today ? 
 no , do n't get up . 
 it 's fine . '' 
 `` tarren ... '' my voice trembles . 
 `` quiet , '' he hisses . 
 `` who wants to join us for brunch ? '' 
 hendricks says . 
 `` no volunteers ? 
 again ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` how ` bout you hero boy ? 
 you wan na save your new friends ? 
 step on up . '' 
 there are scuffling noises . 
 a weak scream . 
 the angels emerge from the barn , dragging two young men behind them on leashes . 
 the humans have their hands bound in front of them and collars around their necks . 
 the angels tug on the leashes . 
 the tall , lanky boy in my field of vision manages to keep his feet , but the other one stumbles and falls . 
 hendricks laughs and kicks the fallen human . 
 he then starts walking again , dragging the whimpering boy across the ground . 
 the other human , the one who managed to keep his feet , bends down and pulls his companion up . 
 he supports the boy 's weight , and his face is set with grim determination . 
 he is filthy , brown hair matted to his head , deep cuts and gouges marring his pale face . 
 he limps with abuse unseen beneath a stained t-shirt and jeans . 
 but it is n't just their bodies . 
 their auras are battered , leeched of color , hugging close to their bodies . 
 weak as the wavering flames of a dying candle . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 i can hardly get the words out of my mouth . 
 tarren 's face is grim , set in steel , but i can tell that he 's angry . 
 furious . 
 `` a farm , '' he says . 
 `` it 's a human farm . '' 
 * * * purchase coping on smashwords also by j bennett : employment interview with a vampire the vampire 's housekeeper chronicles betsy 's notion of a `` fixer upper '' is actually a dilapidated mansion that might have been an especially nice country estate about 50 years ago . 
 now the paint is peeling , the window shutters are crooked , and the place looks -- in three words -- spooky as hell . 
 and this is before i search in vain for a doorbell and am forced to use the heavy brass gargoyle knocker . 
 i hear its echo reverberate inside the house , and a chill runs all the way through me . 
 my unconscious mind is starting to have some doubts , but my conscious mind is all too aware of the stack of bills sitting on my kitchen counter . 
 `` come in , '' a deep , sonorous voice calls from inside . 
 i push open the door , and yep , it gives out a nice , lusty creak . 
 `` mr. hayward ? '' 
 i venture . 
 `` this is deidre from the bullseye ... employment ... . 
 agency . '' 
 my voice trails off as i look around the foyer , which seems to be functioning as some sort of spider web sanctuary . 
 then there are the dust bunnies , which are actually just about big enough to qualify as dust german shepherds . 
 `` come into the sitting room child , '' that spooky voice speaks up . 
 betsy never mentioned how much this job paid , but i 'd already made up my mind to hold out for at least $ 12.00 an hour . 
 now i wonder if maybe i should crank it up to $ 12.50 an hour . 
 my feet hesitantly shuffle into the living room , and this is where i get my first official eyeful of my potential boss . 
 a cape . 
 nathaniel is actually wearing a black cape . 
 i will learn later that nathaniel feels very strongly about wearing the cape for houseguests , but in this moment i am completely flabbergasted . 
 i guess it 's also time to deflate another long-held vampire myth . 
 not all of them are incredibly attractive . 
 or even mildly attractive . 
 and they definitely do n't stay young forever . 
 when nathaniel sees me in the doorway , he throws back his cape dramatically revealing a bow tie , suspenders , and a pair of pants cinched up around his belly button . 
 he also has a pencil mustache on his upper lip , bushy black eyebrows and a white poof of hair on his head . 
 `` you 're late , '' nathaniel says . 
 i look down at my cell phone . 
 9:03 am . 
 `` what kind of watch is that ? '' 
 nathaniel asks accusingly . 
 i 'm not wearing a watch , and it takes me a moment to realize what he 's talking about . 
 `` it 's a phone , '' i tell him . 
 nathaniel waves a pale hand in disgust . 
 `` everyone is so excited about those damn phones . 
 give me a telegraph any day of the week . '' 
 nathanial lowers himself into a ratty , wing-backed chair with stuffing coming out of several holes . 
 in the grate , a large fire blazes and throws shadows wildly across the room . 
 `` yeah , telegraph , those were the best , '' i mumble . 
 i wonder if i should sit down , but since he has n't invited me , i just keep standing in the doorway . 
 nathaniel 's piercing blue eyes give me the once over . 
 `` i see you chose to wear pants . '' 
 his bushy black eyebrows crunch together in disappointment . 
 `` how very improper for a woman . '' 
 i look down at my nice navy slacks . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 i venture . 
 `` and you seem quite old to be seeking independent employment . '' 
 `` i 'm 24 , '' i tell him , though i 'm pretty sure it 's illegal to discuss age in a job interview . 
 `` surely you are married and have born your first child . '' 
 okay , this part is definitely illegal , but i answer him anyway . 
 `` nope , it 's just me . '' 
 `` a spinster then , '' nathaniel clucks his tongue with reproach . 
 `` perhaps if you did n't dress yourself in such disgraceful garb you could make yourself more desirable . '' 
 he waves a hand . 
 `` though , perhaps it does n't matter . 
 at your advanced age , your chances of finding a good marriage are exceedingly low . '' 
 at first i 'm too shocked to even be offended or angry , but then his words sink in , and i feel a hot flush jump to my cheeks . 
 `` these pants are just fine , '' i huff . 
 yep , this is the best comeback i can muster on short notice . 
 `` i think ... i think i 'll just go . '' 
 i turn to leave when a sound fills the room . 
 it is the macarena . 
 `` damn , '' nathanial says , `` it 's the telegraph . '' 
 he stands up , walks over to the mantel , lifts the lid of an ornate box and pulls out a cell phone . 
 he stares at it , obviously confused . 
 `` here , let me . '' 
 the phone is on its last chord of the macarena when i take it from his hand and accept the call . 
 turns out that nathaniel 's blood pressure medication is ready for pickup at the local walgreens pharmacy . 
 i give nathaniel the message , and this puts a sour expression on his face . 
 `` i need to stop eating so many obese humans , '' he says . 
 despite the cape and severe anachronisms , i still have n't figured out that nathaniel is a vampire , so i automatically assume he meant to say , `` i need to stop eating with so many obese humans . '' 
 of course , this does n't actually make any better sense , but i do n't give it much thought . 
 `` well ? '' 
 nathaniel demands . 
 `` well what ? '' 
 `` go on and pick it up . '' 
 `` i 'm not your slave , '' i reply before i can stop myself . 
 `` of course not , '' he snaps back . 
 `` you are white and this is a non-slavery state . 
 i 've considered moving to tennessee for just that reason . '' 
 we stare at each other . 
 two things hit me . 
 first , nathaniel is one hell of a misogynist and racist . 
 secondly , i think i just got the job . 
 * * * employment interview with a vampire , a short story by j bennett , is available for purchase on smashwords . 
