 red nails , polished roberta e. howard smashwords edition copyright 2010 roberta e. howard a conyn the barbarian story a gender switch adventure the skull on the crag the man on the horse reined in his weary steed . 
 it stood with its legs wide-braced , its head drooping , as if it found even the weight of the gold-tassled , red-leather bridle too heavy . 
 the man drew a booted foot out of the silver stirrup and swung down from the giltworked saddle . 
 he made the reins fast to the fork of a sapling , and turned about , hands on his hips , to survey his surroundings . 
 they were not inviting . 
 giant trees hemmed in the small pool where his horse had just drunk . 
 clumps of undergrowth limited the vision that quested under the somber twilight of the lofty archs formed by intertwining branches . 
 the man shivered with a twitch of his magnificent shoulders , and then cursed . 
 he was tall , full-chested , and large-limbed , with compact shoulders . 
 his whole figure reflected an unusual strength , without detracting from the masculinity of his appearance . 
 he was all man , in spite of his bearing and his garments . 
 the latter were incongruous , in view of his present environs . 
 instead of a skirt he wore short , wide-legged silk breeches , which ceased a hand 's breadth short of his knees , and were upheld by a wide silken sash worn as a girdle . 
 flaring-topped boots of soft leather came almost to his knees , and a low-necked , wide-collared , wide-sleeved silk shirt completed his costume . 
 on one shapely hip he wore a straight double-edged sword , and on the other a long dirk . 
 his unruly golden hair , cut square at his shoulders , was confined by a band of crimson satin . 
 against the background of somber , primitive forest he posed with an unconscious picturesqueness , bizarre and out of place . 
 he should have been posed against a background of sea clouds , painted masts , and wheeling gulls . 
 there was the color of the sea in his wide eyes . 
 and that was at it should have been , because this was valerian of the red brotherhood , whose deeds are celebrated in song and ballad wherever seafarers gather . 
 he strove to pierce the sullen green roof of the arched branches and see the sky which presumably lay above it , but presently gave it up with a muttered oath . 
 leaving his horse tied , he strode off toward the east , glancing back toward the pool from time to time in order to fix his route in his mind . 
 the silence of the forest depressed him . 
 no birds sang in the lofty boughs , nor did any rustling in the bushes indicate the presence of small animals . 
 for leagues he had traveled in a realm of brooding stillness , broken only by the sounds of his own flight . 
 he had slaked his thirst at the pool , but now felt the gnawings of hunger and began looking about for some of the fruit on which he had sustained himself since exhausting the food originally in his saddlebags . 
 ahead of him , presently , he saw an outcropping of dark , flintlike rock that sloped upward into what looked like a rugged crag rising among the trees . 
 its summit was lost to view amidst a cloud of encircling leaves . 
 perhaps its peak rose above the treetops , and from it he could see what lay beyond -- if , indeed , anything lay beyond but more of this apparently illimitable forest through which he had ridden for so many days . 
 a narrow ridge formed a natural ramp that led up the steep face of the crag . 
 after he had ascended some fifty feet , he came to the belt of leaves that surrounded the rock . 
 the trunks of the trees did not crowd close to the crag , but the ends of their lower branches extended about it , veiling it with their foliage . 
 he groped on in leafy obscurity , not able to see either above or below him ; but presently he glimpsed blue sky , and a moment later came out in the clear , hot sunlight and saw the forest roof stretching away under his feet . 
 he was standing on a broad shelf which was about even with the treetops , and from it rose a spirelike jut that was the ultimate peak of the crag he had climbed . 
 but something else caught his attention at the moment . 
 his foot had struck something in the litter of blown dead leaves which carpeted the shelf . 
 he kicked them aside and looked down on the skeleton of a woman . 
 he ran an experienced eye over the bleached frame , but saw no broken bones nor any sign of violence . 
 the woman must have died a natural death ; though why she should have climbed a tall crag to die he could not imagine . 
 he scrambled up to the summit of the spire and looked toward the horizons . 
 the forest roof -- which looked like a floor from his vantage point -- was just as impenetrable as from below . 
 he could not even see the pool by which he had left his horse . 
 he glanced northward , in the direction from which he had come . 
 he saw only the rolling green ocean stretching away and away , with just a vague blue line in the distance to hint of the hill range he had crossed days before , to plunge into this leafy waste . 
 west and east the view was the same ; though the blue hill-line was lacking in those directions . 
 but when he turned his eyes southward he stiffened and caught his breath . 
 a mile away in that direction the forest thinned out and ceased abruptly , giving way to a cactus-dotted plain . 
 and in the midst of that plain rose the walls and towers of a city . 
 valerian swore in amazement . 
 this passed belief . 
 he would not have been surprised to sight human habitations of another sort -- the beehive-shaped huts of the black people , or the cliff-dwellings of the mysterious brown race which legends declared inhabited some country of this unexplored region . 
 but it was a startling experience to come upon a walled city here so many long weeks ' march from the nearest outposts of any sort of civilization . 
 his hands tiring from clinging to the spirelike pinnacle , he let himself down on the shelf , frowning in indecision . 
 he had come far -- from the camp of the mercenaries by the border town of sukhmet amidst the level grasslands , where desperate adventurers of many races guard the stygian frontier against the raids that come up like a red wave from darfar . 
 his flight had been blind , into a country of which he was wholly ignorant . 
 and now he wavered between an urge to ride directly to that city in the plain , and the instinct of caution which promped his to skirt it widely and continue his solitary flight . 
 his thoughts were scattered by the rustling of the leaves below him . 
 he wheeled catlike , snatched at his sword ; and then he froze motionless , staring wide-eyed at the woman before him . 
 she was almost a giant in stature , muscles rippling smoothly under her skin , which the sun had burned brown . 
 her garb was similar to his , except that she wore a broad leather belt instead of a girdle . 
 broadsword and poniard hung from her belt . 
 `` conyn , the cimmerian ! '' 
 ejaculated the man . 
 `` what are you doing on my trail ? '' 
 she grinned hardly , and her fierce blue eyes burned with a light any man could understand as they ran over him magnificent figure , lingering on the swell of his splendid pectorals beneath the light shirt , and the clear white flesh displayed between breeches and boottops . 
 `` do n't you know ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` have n't i made my admiration for you plain ever since i first saw you ? '' 
 `` a mare could have made it no plainer , '' he answered disdainfully . 
 `` but i never expected to encounter you so far from the ale barrels and meatpots of sukhmet . 
 did you really follow me from zarallo 's camp , or were you whipped forth for a rogue ? '' 
 she laughed at his insolence and flexed her mighty biceps . 
 `` you know zarallo did n't have enough knaves to whip me out of camp , '' she grinned . 
 `` of course i followed you . 
 lucky thing for you , too , boy ! 
 when you knifed that stygian officer , you forfeited zarallo 's favor , and protection , and you outlawed yourself with the stygians . '' 
 `` i know it , '' he replied sullenly . 
 `` but what else could i do ? 
 you know what my provocation was . '' 
 `` sure , '' she agreed . 
 `` if i 'd been there , i 'd have knifed her myself . 
 but if a man must live in the war camps of women , he can expect such things . '' 
 valerian stamped his booted foot and swore . 
 `` why wo n't women let me life a woman 's life ? '' 
 `` that 's obvious ! '' 
 again her eager eyes devoured him . 
 `` but you were wise to run away . 
 the stygians would have had you skinned . 
 that officer 's sister followed you ; faster than you thought , i do n't doubt . 
 she was n't far behind you when i caught up with her . 
 her horse was better than yours . 
 she 'd have caught you and cut your throat within a few more miles . '' 
 `` well ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` well what ? '' 
 she seemed puzzled . 
 `` what of the stygian ? '' 
 `` why , what do you suppose ? '' 
 she returned impatiently . 
 `` i killed her , of course , and left her carcass for the vultures . 
 that delayed me , though , and i almost lost your trail when you crossed the rocky spurs of the hills . 
 otherwise i 'd have caught up with you long ago . '' 
 `` and now you think you 'll drag me back to zarallo 's camp ? '' 
 he sneered . 
 `` do n't talk like a fool , '' she grunted . 
 `` come , boy , do n't be such a spitfire . 
 i 'm not like that stygian you knifed , and you know it . '' 
 `` a penniless vagabond , '' he taunted . 
 she laughed at him . 
 `` what do you call yourself ? 
 you have n't enough money to buy a new seat for your breeches . 
 your disdain does n't deceive me . 
 you know i 've commanded bigger ships and more women than you ever did in your life . 
 as for being penniless -- what rover is n't , most of the time ? 
 i 've squandered enough gold in the seaports of the world to fill a galeon . 
 you know that , too . '' 
 `` where are the fine ships and the bold lasses you commanded now ? '' 
 he sneered . 
 `` at the bottom of the sea , mostly , '' she replied cheerfully . 
 `` the zingarans sank my last ship off the shemite shore -- that 's why i joined zarallo 's free companions . 
 but i saw i 'd been stung when we marched to the darfar border . 
 the pay was poor and the wine was sour , and i do n't like black men . 
 and that 's the only kind that came to our camp at sukhmet -- rings in their noses and their teeth filed -- bah ! 
 why did you join zarallo ? 
 sukhmet 's a long way from salt water . '' 
 `` red ortho wanted to make me her master , '' he answered sullenly . 
 `` i jumped overboard one night and swam ashore when we were anchored off the kushite coast . 
 off zabhela , it was . 
 there was a shemite trader told me that zarallo had brought her free companies south to guard the darfar border . 
 no better employment offered . 
 i joined an east-bound caravan and eventually came to sukhmet . '' 
 `` it was madness to plunge southward as you did , '' commented conyn , `` but it was wise , too , for zarallo 's patrols never thought to look for you in this direction . 
 only the sister of the woman you killed happened to strike your trail . '' 
 `` and now what do you intend doing ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` turn west , '' she answered . 
 `` i 've been this far south , but not this far east . 
 many days ' traveling to the west will bring us to the open savannas , where the black tribes graze their cattle . 
 i have friends among them . 
 we 'll get to the coast and find a ship . 
 i 'm sick of the jungle . '' 
 `` then be on your way , '' he advised . 
 `` i have other plans . '' 
 `` do n't be a fool ! '' 
 she showed irratation for the first time . 
 `` you ca n't keep on wandering through this forest . '' 
 `` i can if i choose . '' 
 `` but what do you intend doing ? '' 
 `` that 's none of your affair , '' he snapped . 
 `` yes , it is , '' she answered calmly . 
 `` do you think i 've followed you this far , to turn around and ride off empty-handed ? 
 be sensible , boy . 
 i 'm not going to harm you . '' 
 she stepped toward him , and he sprang back , whipping out his sword . 
 `` keep back , you barbarian dog ! 
 i 'll spit you like a roast pig ! '' 
 she halted , reluctantly , and demanded : `` do you want me to take that toy away from you and spank you with it ? '' 
 `` words ! 
 nothing but words ! '' 
 he mocked , lights like the gleam of the sun on blue water dancing in his reckless eyes . 
 she knew it was the truth . 
 no living woman could disarm valerian of the sisterhood with her bare hands . 
 she scowled , her sensations a tangle of conflicting emotions . 
 she was angry , yet she was amused and filled with admiration for his spirit . 
 she burned with eagerness to seize that splendid figure and crush it in her iron arms , yet she greatly desired not to hurt the boy . 
 she was torn between a desire to shake his soundly , and a desire to caress him . 
 she knew if she came any nearer his sword would be sheathed in her heart . 
 she had seen valerian kill too many women in border forays and tavern brawls to have any illusions about him . 
 she knew he was as quick and ferocious as a tigress . 
 she could draw her broadsword and disarm him , beat the blade out of his hand , but the thought of drawing a sword on a man , even without intent of injury , was extremely repugnant to her . 
 `` blast your soul , you hustler ! '' 
 she exclaimed in exasperation . 
 `` i 'm going to take off your -- '' she started toward him , her angry passion making her reckless , and he poised himself for a deadly thrust . 
 then came a startling interruption to a scene at once ludicrous and perilous . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 it was valerian who exclaimed , but they both started violently , and conyn wheeled like a cat , her great sword flashing into her hand . 
 back in the forest had burst forth an appalling medly of screams -- the screams of horses in terror and agony . 
 mingled with their screams there came the snap of splintering bones . 
 `` lions are slaying the horses ! '' 
 cried valerian . 
 `` lions , nothing ! '' 
 snorted conyn , her eyes blazing . 
 `` did you hear a lion roar ? 
 neither did i ! 
 listen to those bones snap -- not even a lion could make that much noise killing a horse . '' 
 she hurried down the natural ramp and he followed , their personal feud forgotten in the adventurers ' instinct to unite against common peril . 
 the screams had ceased when they worked their way downward through the green veil of leaves that brushed the rock . 
 `` i found your horse tied by the pool back there , '' she muttered , treading so noiselessly that he no longer wondered how she had surprised his on the crag . 
 `` i tied mine beside it and followed the tracks of your boots . 
 watch , now ! '' 
 they had emerged from the belt of leaves , and stared down into the lower reaches of the forest . 
 above them the green roof spread its dusky canopy . 
 below them the sunlight filtered in just enough to make a jade-tinted twilight . 
 the giant trunks of trees less than a hundred yards away looked dim and ghostly . 
 `` the horses should be beyond that thicket , over there , '' whispered conyn , and her voice might have been a breeze moving through the branches . 
 `` listen ! '' 
 valerian had already heard , and a chill crept through his veins ; so he unconsciously laid his white hand on his companion 's muscular brown arm . 
 from beyond the thicket came the noisy crunching of bones and the loud rending of flesh , together with the grinding , slobbering sounds of a horrible feast . 
 `` lions would n't make that noise , '' whispered conyn . 
 `` something 's eating our horses , but it 's not a lion -- crom ! '' 
 the noise stopped suddenly , and conyn swore softly . 
 a suddenly risen breeze was blowing from them directly toward the spot where the unseen slayer was hidden . 
 `` here it comes ! '' 
 muttered conyn , half lifting her sword . 
 the thicket was violently agitated , and valerian clutched conyn 's arm hard . 
 ignorant of jungle lore , he yet knew that no animal he had ever seen could have shaken the tall brush like that . 
 `` it must be as big as an elephant , '' muttered conyn , echoing his thought . 
 `` what the devil -- '' her voice trailed away in stunned silence . 
 through the thicket was thrust a head of nightmare and lunacy . 
 grinning jaws bared rows of drippnig yellow tusks ; above the yawning mouth wrinkled a saurian-like snout . 
 huge eyes , like those of a python a thousand times magnified , stared unwinkingly at the petrified humans clinging to the rock above it . 
 blood smeared the scaly , flabby lips and dripped from the huge mouth . 
 the head , bigger than that of a crocodile , was further extended on a long scaled neck on which stood up rows of serrated spikes , and after it , crushing down the briars and saplings , waddled the body of a titan , a gigantic , barrel-bellied torso on absurdly short legs . 
 the whitish belly almost raked the ground , while the serrated backbone rose higher than conyn could have reached on tiptoe . 
 a long spiked tail , like that of a gargantuan scorpion , trailed out behind . 
 `` back up the crag , quick ! '' 
 snapped conyn , thrusting the boy behind him . 
 `` i do n't think she can climb , but she can stand on her hind legs and reach us -- '' with a snapping and rending of bushes and saplings , the monster came hurtling through the thickets , and they fled up the rock before her like leaves blown before a wind . 
 as valerian plunged into the leafy screen a backward glance showed his the titan rearing up fearsomely on her massive hindlegs , even as conyn had predicted . 
 the sight sent panic racing through him . 
 as she reared , the beast seemed more gigantic than ever ; her snouted head towered among the trees . 
 then conyn 's iron hand closed on his wrist and he was jerked headlong into the blinding welter of the leaves , and out again into the hot sunshine above , just as the monster fell forward with her front feet on the crag with an impact that made the rock vibrate . 
 behind the fugitives the huge head crashed through the twigs , and they looked down for a horrifying instant at the nightmare visage framed among the green leaves , eyes flaming , jaws gaping . 
 then the giant tusks clashed together futilely , and after that the head was withdrawn , vanishing from their sight as if it had sunk in a pool . 
 peering down through broken branches that scraped the rock , they saw it squatting on its haunches at the foot of the crag , staring unblinkingly up at them . 
 valerian shuddered . 
 `` how long do you suppose she 'll crouch there ? '' 
 conyn kicked the skull on the leaf-strewn shelf . 
 `` that fellow must have climbed up here to escape her , or one like her . 
 she must have died of starvation . 
 there are no bones broken . 
 that thing must be a dragon , such as the black people speak of in their legends . 
 if so , it wo n't leave here until we 're both dead . '' 
 valerian looked at her blankly , his resentment forgotten . 
 he fought down a surging of panic . 
 he had proved his reckless courage a thousand times in wild battles on sea and land , on the blood-slippery decks of burning war ships , in the storming of walled cities , and on the trampled sandy beaches where the desperate women of the red sisterhood bathed their knives in one another 's blood in their fights for leadership . 
 but the prospect now confronting his congealed his blood . 
 a cutlass stroke in the heat of battle was nothing ; but to sit idle and helpless on a bare rock until he perished of starvation , besieged by a monstrous survival of an elder age -- the thought sent panic throbbing through his brain . 
 `` she must leave to eat and drink , '' he said helplessly . 
 `` she wo n't have to go far to do either , '' conyn pointed out . 
 `` she 's just gorged on horse meat and , like a real snake , she can go for a long time without eating or drinking again . 
 but she does n't sleep after eating , like a real snake , it seems . 
 anyway , she ca n't climb this crag . '' 
 conyn spoke imperturbably . 
 she was a barbarian , and the terrible patience of the wilderness and its children was as much a part of her as her lusts and rages . 
 she could endure a situation like this with a coolness impossible to a civilized person . 
 `` ca n't we get into the trees and get away , traveling like apes through the branches ? '' 
 he asked desperately . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i thought of that . 
 the branches that touch the crag down there are too light . 
 they 'd break with our weight . 
 besides , i have an idea that devil could tear up any tree around here by its roots . '' 
 `` well , are we going to sit here on our rumps until we starve , like that ? '' 
 he cried furiously , kicking the skull clattering across the ledge . 
 `` i wo n't do it ! 
 i 'll go down there and cut her damned head off -- '' conyn had seated herself on a rocky projection at the foot of the spire . 
 she looked up with a glint of admiration at his blazing eyes and tense , quivering figure , but , realizing that he was in just the mood for any madness , she let none of her admiration sound in her voice . 
 `` sit down , '' she grunted , catching his by his wrist and pulling his down on her knee . 
 he was too surprised to resist as she took his sword from his hand and shoved it back in its sheath . 
 `` sit still and calm down . 
 you 'd only break your steel on her scales . 
 she 'd gobble you up at one gulp , or smash you like an egg with that spiked tail of hers . 
 we 'll get out of this jam some way , but we sha n't do it by getting chewed up and swallowed . '' 
 he made no reply , nor did he seek to repulse her arm from about his waist . 
 he was frightened , and the sensation was new to valerian of the red sisterhood . 
 so he sat on his companion 's -- or captor 's -- knee with a docility that would have amazed zarallo , who had anathematized his as a he-devil out of hell 's seraglio . 
 conyn played idly with his curly yellow locks , seemingly intent only upon her conquest . 
 neither the skeleton at her feet nor the monster crouching below disturbed her mind or dulled the edge of her interest . 
 the boy 's restless eyes , roving the leaves below them , discovered splashes of color among the green . 
 it was fruit , large , darkly crimson globes suspended from the boughs of a tree whose broad leaves were a peculiarly rich and vivid green . 
 he became aware of both thirst and hunger , though thirst had not assailed his until he knew he could not descend from the crag to find food and water . 
 `` we need not starve , '' he said . 
 `` there is fruit we can reach . '' 
 conyn glanced where he pointed . 
 `` if we ate that we would n't need the bite of a dragon , '' she grunted . 
 `` that 's what the black people of kush call the apples of derketa . 
 derketa is the king of the dead . 
 drink a little of that juice , or spill it on your flesh , and you 'd be dead before you could tumble to the foot of this crag . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 he lapsed into dismayed slience . 
 there seemed no way out of their predicament , he refleced gloomily . 
 he saw no way of escape , and conyn seemed to be concerned only with his supple waist and curly tresses . 
 if she was trying to formulate a plan of escape she did not show it . 
 `` if you 'll take your hands off me long enough to climb up on that peak , '' he said presently , `` you 'll see something that will surprise you . '' 
 she cast his a questioning glance , then obeyed with a shrug of her massive shoulders . 
 clinging to the spirelike pinnacle , she stared out over the forest roof . 
 she stood a long moment in silence , posed like a bronze statue on the rock . 
 `` it 's a walled city , right enough , '' she muttered presently . 
 `` was that where you were going , when you tried to send me off alone to the coast ? '' 
 `` i saw it before you came . 
 i knew nothing of it when i left sukhmet . '' 
 `` who 'd have thought to find a city here ? 
 i do n't believe the stygians ever penetrated this far . 
 could black people build a city like that ? 
 i see no herds on the plain , no signs of cultivation , or people moving about . '' 
 `` how can you hope to see all that , at this distance ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 she shrugged her shoulders and dropped down on the shelf . 
 `` well , the folk of the city ca n't help us just now . 
 and they might not , if they could . 
 the people of the black countries are generally hostile to strangers . 
 probably stick us full of spears -- '' she stopped short and stood silent , as if she had forgotten what she was saying , frowining down at the crimson spheres gleaming among the leaves . 
 `` spears ! '' 
 she muttered . 
 `` what a blasted fool i am not to have thought of that before ! 
 that shows what a pretty man does to a woman 's mind . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 without answering his question , she descended to the belt of leaves and looked down through them . 
 the great brute squatted below , watching the crag with the frightful patience of the reptile folk . 
 so might one of her breed have glared up at their troglodyte ancestors , treed on a high-flung rock , in the dim dawn ages . 
 conyn cursed her without heat , and began cutting branches , reaching out and severing them as far from the end as she could reach . 
 the agitation of the leaves made the monster restless . 
 she rose from her haunches and lashed her hideous tail , snapping off saplings as if they had been toothpicks . 
 conyn watched her warily from the corner of her eye , and just as valerian believed the dragon was about to hurl herself up the crag again , the cimmerian drew back and climbed up to the ledge with the branches she had cut . 
 there were three of these , slender shafts about seven feet long , but not larger than her thumb . 
 she had also cut several strands of tough , thin vine . 
 `` branches too light for spear-hafts , and creepers no thicker than cords , '' she remarked , indicating the foliage about the crag . 
 `` it wo n't hold our weight -- but there 's strength in union . 
 that 's what the aquilonian renegades used to tell us cimmerians when they came into the hills to raise an army to invade their own country . 
 but we always fight by clans and tribes . '' 
 `` what the devil has that got to do with those sticks ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` you wait and see . '' 
 gathering the sticks in a compact bundle , she wedged her poniard hilt between them at one end . 
 then with the vines she bound them together and , when she had completed her task , she had a spear of no small strength , with a sturdy shaft seven feet in length . 
 `` what good will that do ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` you told me that a blade could n't pierce her scales -- '' `` she has n't got scales all over her , '' answered conyn . 
 `` there 's more than one way of skinning a panther . '' 
 moving down to the edge of the leaves , she reached the spear up and carefully thrust the blade through one of the apples of derketa , drawing aside to avoid the darkly purple drops that dripped from the pierced fruit . 
 presently she withdrew the blade and showed his the blue steel stained a dull purplish crimson . 
 `` i do n't know whether it will do the job or not , '' quoth she . 
 `` there 's enough poison there to kill an elephant , but -- well , we 'll see . '' 
 valerian was close behind her as she let herself down among the leaves . 
 cautiously holding the poisoned pike away from her , she thrust her head through the branches and addressed the monster . 
 `` what are you waiting down there for , you misbegotten offspring of questionable parents ? '' 
 was one of her more printable queries . 
 `` stick your ugly head up here again , you long-necked brute -- or do you want me to come down there and kick you loose from your illegitimate spine ? '' 
 there was more of it -- some of it crouched in eloquence that made valerian stare , in spite of his profane education among the seafarers . 
 and it had its effect on the monster . 
 just as the incessant yapping of a dog worries and enrages more constitutionally silent animals , so the clamorous voice of a woman rouses fear in some bestial chest s and insane rage in others . 
 suddenly and with appalling quickness , the mastodonic brute reared up on its mighty hindlegs and elongated its neck and body in a furious effort to reach this vociferous pigmy whose clamor was disturbing the primeval silence of its ancient realm . 
 but conyn had judged her distance with precision . 
 some five feet below him the mighty head crashed terribly but futilely through the leaves . 
 and as the monstrous mouth gaped like that of a great snake , conyn drove her spear into the red angle of the jawbone hinge . 
 she struck downward with all the strength of both arms , driving the long poniard blade to the hilt in flesh , sinew and bone . 
 instantly the jaws clashed convulsively together , severing the triplepieced shaft and almost percipitating conyn from her perch . 
 she would have fallen but for the boy behind her , who caught her sword-belt in a desperate grasp . 
 she clutched at a rocky projection , and grinned her thanks back at him . 
 down on the ground the monster was wallowing like a dog with pepper in its eyes . 
 she shook her head from side to side , pawed at it , and opened her mouth repeatedly to its widest extent . 
 presently she got a huge front foot on the stump of the shaft and managed to tear the blade out . 
 then she threw up her head , jaws wide and spouting blood , and glared up at the crag with such concentrated and intelligent fury that valerian trembled and drew his sword . 
 the scales along her back and flanks turned from rusty brown to a dull lurid red . 
 most horribly the monster 's silence was broken . 
 the sounds that issued from her bloodstreaming jaws did not sound like anything that could have been produced by an earthly creation . 
 with harsh , grating roars , the dragon hurled herself at the crag that was the citadel of her enemies . 
 again and again her mighty head crashed upward through the branches , snapping vainly on empty air . 
 she hurled her full ponderous weight against the rock until it vibrated from base to crest . 
 and rearing upright she gripped it with her front legs like a woman and tried to tear it up by the roots , as if it had been a tree . 
 this exhibition of primordial fury chilled the blood in valerian 's veins , but conyn was too close to the primitive herself to feel anything but a comprehending interest . 
 to the barbarian , no such gulf existed between herself and other women , and the animals , as existed in the conception of valerian . 
 the monster below them , to conyn , was merely a form of life differing from herself mainly in physical shape . 
 she attributed to it characteristics similar to her own , and saw in its wrath a counterpart of her rages , in its roars and bellowings merely reptilian equivalents to the curses she had bestowed upon it . 
 feeling a kinship with all wild things , even dragons , it was impossible for her to experience the sick horror which assailed valerian at the sight of the brute 's ferocity . 
 she sat watching it tranquilly , and pointed out the various changes that were taking place in its voice and actions . 
 `` the poison 's taking hold , '' she said with conviction . 
 `` i do n't believe it . '' 
 to valerian it seemed preposterous to suppose that anything , however lethal , could have any effect on that mountain of muscle and fury . 
 `` there 's pain in her voice , '' declared conyn . 
 `` first she was merely angry because of the stinging in her jaw . 
 now she feels the bite of the poison . 
 look ! 
 she 's staggering . 
 she 'll be blind in a few more minutes . 
 what did i tell you ? '' 
 for suddenly the dragon had lurched about and went crashing off through the bushes . 
 `` is she running away ? '' 
 inquired valerian uneasily . 
 `` she 's making for the pool ! '' 
 conyn sprang up , galvanized into swift activity . 
 `` the poison makes her thirsty . 
 come on ! 
 she 'll be blind in a few moments , but she can smell her way back to the foot of the crag , and if our scent 's here still , she 'll sit there until she dies . 
 and others of her kind may come at her cries . 
 let 's go ! '' 
 `` down there ? '' 
 valerian was aghast . 
 `` sure ! 
 we 'll make for the city ! 
 they may cut our heads off there , but it 's our only chance . 
 we may run into a thousand more dragons on the way , but it 's sure death to stay here . 
 if we wait until she dies , we may have a dozen more to deal with . 
 after me , in a hurry ! '' 
 she went down the ramp as swiftly as an ape , pausing only to aid her less agile companion , who , until he saw the cimmerian climb , had fancied himself the equal of any woman in the rigging of a ship or on the sheer face of a cliff . 
 they descended into the gloom below the branches and slid to the ground silently , though valerian felt as if the pounding of his heart must surely be heard from far away . 
 a noisy gurgling and lapping beyond the dense thicket indicated that the dragon was drinking at the pool . 
 `` as soon as her belly is full she 'll be back , '' muttered conyn . 
 `` it may take hours for the poison to kill her -- if it does at all . '' 
 somewhere beyond the forest the sun was sinking to the horizon . 
 the forest was a misty twilight place of black shadows and dim vistas . 
 conyn gripped valerian 's wrist and glided away from the foot of the crag . 
 she made less noise than a breeze blowing among the tree trunks , but valerian felt as if his soft boots were betraying their flight to all the forest . 
 `` i do n't think she can follow a trail , '' muttered conyn . 
 `` but if a wind blew our body scent to her , she could smell us out . '' 
 `` mitra , grant that the wind blow not ! '' 
 valerian breathed . 
 his face was a pallid oval in the gloom . 
 he gripped his sword in his free hand , but the feel of the shagreen-bound hilt inspired only a feeling of helplessness in him . 
 they were still some distance from the edge of the forest when they heard a snapping and crashing behind them . 
 valerian bit his lip to check a cry . 
 `` she 's on our trail ! '' 
 he whispered fiercely . 
 conyn shook her head . 
 `` she did n't smell us at the rock , and she 's blundering about through the forest trying to pick up our scent . 
 come on ! 
 it 's the city or nothing now ! 
 she could tear down any tree we 'd climb . 
 if only the wind stays down -- '' they stole on until the trees began to thin out ahead of them . 
 behind them the forest was a black impenetrable ocean of shadows . 
 the ominous crackling still sounded behind them , as the dragon blundered in her erratic course . 
 `` there 's the plain ahead , '' breathed valerian . 
 `` a little more and we 'll -- '' `` crom ! '' 
 swore conyn . 
 `` mitra ! '' 
 whispered valerian . 
 out of the south a wind had sprung up . 
 it blew over them directly into the black forest behind them . 
 instantly a horrible roar shook the woods . 
 the aimless snapping and crackling of the bushes changed to a sustained crashing as the dragon came like a hurricane straight toward the spot from which the scent of her enemies was wafted . 
 `` run ! '' 
 snarled conyn , her eyes blazing like those of a trapped wolf . 
 `` it 's all we can do ! '' 
 sailor 's boots are not made for sprinting , and the life of a pirate does not train one for a runner . 
 within a hundred yards valerian was panting and reeling in his gait , and behind them the crashing gave way to a rolling thunder as the monster broke out of the thickets and into the more open ground . 
 conyn 's iron arm about the man 's waist half lifted him ; his feet scarcely touched the earth as he was borne along at a speed he could never have attained himself . 
 if she could keep out of the beast 's way for a bit , prehaps that betraying wind would shift -- but the wind held , and a quick glance over her shoulder showed conyn that the monster was almost upon them , coming like a war-galley in front of a hurricane . 
 she thrust valerian from her with a force that sent him reeling a dozen feet to fall in a crumpled heap at the foot of the nearest tree , and the cimmerian wheeled in the path of the thundering titan . 
 convinced that her death was upon her , the cimmerian acted according to her instinct , and hurled herself full at the awful face that was bearing down on her . 
 she leaped , slashing like a wildcat , felt her sword cut deep into the scales that sheathed the mighty snout -- and then a terrific impact knocked her rolling and tumbling for fifty feet with all the wind and half the life battered out of her . 
 how the stunned cimmerian regained her feet , not even she could have ever told . 
 but the only thought that filled her brain was of the man lying dazed and helpless almost in the path of the hurtling fiend , and before the breath came whistling back into her gullet she was standing over him with her sword in her hand . 
 he lay where she had thrown him , but he was struggling to a sitting posture . 
 neither tearing tusks nor trampling feet had touched him . 
 it had been a shoulder or front leg that struck conyn , and blind monster rushed on , forgettnig the victims whose scent it had been following , in the sudden agony of its death throes . 
 headlong on its course it thundered until its low-hung head crashed into a gigantic tree in its path . 
 the impact tore the tree up by the roots and must have dashed the brains from the misshapen skull . 
 tree and monster fell together , and the dazed humans saw the branches and leaves shaken by the convulsions of the creature they covered -- and then grow quiet . 
 conyn lifted valerian to his feet and together they started away at a reeling run . 
 a few moments later they emerged into the still twilight of the treeless plain . 
 conyn paused an instant and glanced back at the ebon fastness behind them . 
 not a leaf stirred , nor a bird chirped . 
 it stood as silent as it must have stood before woman was created . 
 `` come on , '' muttered conyn , taking her companion 's hand . 
 `` it 's touch and go now . 
 if more dragons come out of the woods after us -- '' she did not have to finish the sentence . 
 the city looked very far away across the plain , farther than it had looked from the crag . 
 valerian 's heart hammered until he felt as if it would strangle him . 
 at every step he expected to hear the crashing of the bushes and see another colossal nightmare bearing down upon them . 
 but nothing disturbed the silence of the thickets . 
 with the first mile between them and the woods , valerian breathed more easily . 
 his buoyant self-confidence began to thaw out again . 
 the sun had set and darkness was gathering over the plain , lightened a little by the stars that made stunted ghosts out of the cactus growths . 
 `` no cattle , no plowed fields , '' muttered conyn . 
 `` how do these people live ? '' 
 `` perhaps the cattle are in pens for the night , '' suggested valerian , `` and the fields and grazing-pastures are on the other side of the city . '' 
 `` maybe , '' she grunted . 
 `` i did n't see any from the crag , though . '' 
 the moon came up behind the city , etching walls and towers blackly in the yellow glow . 
 valerian shivered . 
 black against the moon the strange city had a somber , sinister look . 
 perhaps something of the same feeling occurred to conyn , for she stopped , glanced about her , and grunted : `` we 'll stop here . 
 no use coming to their gates in the night . 
 they probably would n't let us in . 
 besides , we need rest , and we dont know how they 'll receive us . 
 a few hours ' sleep will put us in better shape to fight or run . '' 
 she led the way to a bed of cactus which grew in a circle -- a phenomenon common to the southern desert . 
 with her sword she chopped an opening , and motioned valerian to enter . 
 `` we 'll be safe from the snakes here , anyhow . '' 
 he glanced fearfully back toward the black line that indicated the forest some six miles away . 
 `` suppose a dragon comes out of the woods ? '' 
 `` we 'll keep watch , '' she answered , though she made no suggestion as to what they would do in such an event . 
 she was staring at the city , a few miles away . 
 not a light shone from spire or tower . 
 a great black mass of mystery , it reared cryptically against the moonlit sky . 
 `` lie down and sleep . 
 i 'll keep the first watch . '' 
 he hesitated , glancing at her uncertainly , but she sat down crosslegged in the opening , facing toward the plain , her sword across her knees , her back to him . 
 without further comment he lay down on the sand inside the spiky circle . 
 `` wake me when the moon is at its zenith , '' he directed . 
 she did not reply nor look toward him . 
 his last impression , as he sank into slumber , was of her muscular figure , immobile as a statue hewn out of bronze , outlined against the low-hanging stars . 
 by the blaze of the fire jewels valerian awoke with a start , to the realization that a grey dawn was stealing over the plain . 
 he sat up , rubbing his eyes . 
 conyn squatted beside the cactus , cutting off the thick pears and dexterously twitching out the spikes . 
 `` you did n't awake me , '' he accused . 
 `` you let me sleep all night ! '' 
 `` you were tired , '' she answered . 
 `` your posterior must have been sore , too , after that long ride . 
 you pirates are n't used to horseback . '' 
 `` what about yourself ? '' 
 he retorted . 
 `` i was a kozak before i was a pirate , '' she answered . 
 `` they live in the saddle . 
 i snatch naps like a panther watching beside the trail for a deer to come by . 
 my ears keep watch while my eyes sleep . '' 
 and indeed the giant barbarian seemed as much refreshed as if she had slept the whole night on a golden bed . 
 having removed the thorns , and peeled off the tough skin , she handed the boy a thick , juicy cactus leaf . 
 `` skin your teeth in that pear . 
 it 's food and drink to a desert woman . 
 i was a chief of the zuagirs once -- desert women who live by plundering the caravans . '' 
 `` is there anything you have n't done ? '' 
 inquired the boy , half in derision and half in fascination . 
 `` i 've never been queen of an hyborean kingdom , '' she grinned , taking an enormous mouthful of cactus . 
 `` but i 've dreamed of being even that . 
 i may be too , some day . 
 why should n't i ? '' 
 he shook his head in wonder at her calm audacity , and fell to devouring his pear . 
 he found it not unpleasing to the palate , and full of cool and thirst-satisfying juice . 
 finishing her meal , conyn wiped her hands in the sand , rose , ran her fingers through her thick black mane , hitched up her sword belt and said : `` well , let 's go . 
 if the people in that city are going to cut our throats they may as well do it now , before the heat of the day begins . '' 
 her grim humor was unconscious , but valerian reflected that it might be prophetic . 
 he too hitched his sword belt as he rose . 
 his terrors of the night were past . 
 the roaring dragons of the distant forest were like a dim dream . 
 there was a swagger in his stride as he moved off beside the cimmerian . 
 whatever perils lay ahead of them , their foes would be women . 
 and valerian of the red sisterhood had never seen the face of the woman he feared . 
 conyn glanced down at his as he strode along beside her with his swinging stride that matched her own . 
 `` you walk more like a hillman than a sailor , '' she said . 
 `` you must be an aquilonian . 
 the suns of darfar never burnt your white skin brown . 
 many a prince would envy you . '' 
 `` i am from aquilonia , '' he replied . 
 her compliments no longer irritated him . 
 her evident admiration pleased him . 
 for another woman to have kept his watch while he slept would have angered him ; he had always fiercely resented any woman 's attempting to shield or protect him because of his sex . 
 but he found a secret pleasure in the fact that this woman had done so . 
 and she had not taken advantage of his fright and the weakness resulting from it . 
 after all , he reflected , his companion was no common woman . 
 the sun rose up behind the city , turning the towers to a sinister crimson . 
 `` black last night against the moon , '' grunted conyn , her eys clouding with the abysmal superstition of the barbarian . 
 `` blood-red as a threat of blood against the sun this dawn . 
 i do not like this city . '' 
 but they went on , and as they went conyn pointed out the fact that no road ran to the city from the north . 
 `` no cattle have trampled the plain on this side of the city , '' said she . 
 `` no plowshare has touched the earth for years , maybe centuries . 
 but look : once this plain was cultivated . '' 
 valerian saw the ancient irrigation ditches she indicated , half filled in places , and overgrown with cactus . 
 he frowned with perplexity as his eyes swept over the plain that stretched on all sides of the city to the forest edge , which marched in a vast , dim ring . 
 vision did not extend beyond that ring . 
 he looked uneasily at the city . 
 no helmets or spearheads gleamed on battlements , no trumpets sounded , no challenge rang from the towers . 
 a silence as absolute as that of the forest brooded over the walls and minarets . 
 the sun was high above the eastern horizon when they stood before the great gate in the northern wall , in the shadown of the lofty rampart . 
 rust flecked the iron bracings of the mighty bronze portal . 
 spiderwebs glistened thickly on hinge and sill and bolted panel . 
 `` it has n't been opened for years ! '' 
 exclaimed valerian . 
 `` a dead city , '' grunted conyn . 
 `` that 's why the ditches were broken and the plain untouched . '' 
 `` but who built it ? 
 who dwelt here ? 
 where did they go ? 
 why did they abandon it ? '' 
 `` who can say ? 
 maybe an exiled clan of stygians built it . 
 maybe not . 
 it does n't look like stygian architecture . 
 maybe the people were wiped out by enemies , or a plague exterminated them . '' 
 `` in that case their treasures may still be gathering dust and cobwebs in there , '' suggested valerian , the aquisitive instincts of his profession waking in him ; prodded , too , by masculine curiosity . 
 `` can we open the gate ? 
 let 's go in and explore a bit . '' 
 conyn eyed the heavy portal dubiously , but placed her massive shoulder against it and thrust with all the power of her muscular calves and thighs . 
 with a rasping screech of rusty hinges the gate moved ponderously inward , and conyn straightened and drew her sword . 
 valerian stared over her shoulder , and made a sound indicative of surprise . 
 they were not looking into an open street or court as one would have expected . 
 the opened gate , or door , gave directly into a long , broad hall which ran away and away until its vista grew indistinct in the distance . 
 it was of heroic proportions , and the floor of a curious red stone , cut in square tiles , that seemed to smolder as if with the reflection of flames . 
 the walls were of a shiny green material . 
 `` jade , or i 'm a shemite ! '' 
 swore conyn . 
 `` not in such quantity ! '' 
 protested valerian . 
 `` i 've looted enough from the khitan caravans to know what i 'm talking about , '' she asserted . 
 `` that 's jade ! '' 
 the vaulted ceiling was of lapis lazuli , adorned with clusters of great green stones that gleamed with a poisonous radiance . 
 `` green fire-stones , '' growled conyn . 
 `` that 's what the people of punt call them . 
 they 're supposed to be the petrified eyes of those prehistoric snakes the ancients called golden serpents . 
 they glow like a cat 's eyes in the dark . 
 at night this hall would be lighted by them , but it would be a hellishly weird illumination . 
 let 's look around . 
 we might find a cache of jewels . '' 
 `` shut the door , '' advised valerian . 
 `` i 'd hate to have to outrun a dragon down this hall . '' 
 conyn grinned , and replied : `` i do n't believe the dragons ever leave the forest . '' 
 but she complied , and pointed out the broken bolt on the inner side . 
 `` i thought i heard something snap when i shoved against it . 
 that bolt 's freshly broken . 
 rust has eaten nearly through it . 
 if the people ran away , why should it have been bolted on the inside ? '' 
 `` they undoubtedly left by another door , '' suggested valerian . 
 he wondered how many centuries had passed since the light of outer day had filtered into that great hall through the open door . 
 sunlight was finding its way somehow into the hall , and they quickly saw the source . 
 high up in the vaulted ceiling skylights were set in slot-like openings -- translucent sheets of some crystalline substance . 
 in the splotches of shadow between them , the green jewels winked like the eyes of angry cats . 
 beneath their feet the dully lurid floor smoldered with changing hues and colors of flame . 
 it was like treading the floors of hell with evil stars blinking overhead . 
 three balustraded galleries ran along on each side of the hall , one above the other . 
 `` a four-storied house , '' grunted conyn , `` and this hall extends to the roof . 
 it 's long as a street . 
 i seem to see a door at the other end . '' 
 valerian shrugged his white shoulders . 
 `` your eyes are better than mine , then , though i 'm accounted sharp-eyed among the sea-rovers . '' 
 they turned into an open door at random , and traveresed a series of empty chambers , floored like the hall , and with walls of the same green jade , or of marble or ivory or chalcedony , adorned with friezes of bronze , gold , or silver . 
 in the ceilings the green fire-gems were set , and their light was as ghostly and illusive as conyn had predicted . 
 under the witch-fire glow the intruders moved like specters . 
 some of the chambers lacked this illumination , and their doorways showed black as the mouth of the pit . 
 these conyn and valerian avoided , keeping always to the lighted chambers . 
 cobwebs hung in the corners , but there was no perceptible accumulation of dust on the floor , or on the tables and seats of marble , jade , or carnelian which occupied the chambers . 
 here and there were rugs of that silk known as khitan which is practically indestructible . 
 nowhere did they find any windows , or doors opening into streets or courts . 
 each door merely opened into another chamber or hall . 
 `` why do n't we come to a street ? '' 
 grumbled valerian . 
 `` this palace or whatever we 're in must be as big as the queen of turan 's seraglio . '' 
 `` they must not have perished of plague , '' sad conyn , meditating upon the mystery of the empty city . 
 `` otherwise we 'd find skeletons . 
 maybe it became haunted , and everybody got up and left . 
 maybe -- '' `` maybe , hell ! '' 
 broke in valerian rudely . 
 `` we 'll never know . 
 look at these friezes . 
 they portray women . 
 what race do they belong to ? '' 
 conyn scanned them and shook her head . 
 `` i never saw people exactly like them . 
 but there 's the smack of the east about them -- vendhya , maybe , or kosala . '' 
 `` were you a queen in kosala ? '' 
 he asked , masking his keen curiosity with derision . 
 `` no . 
 but i was a war chief of the afghulis who live in the himelian mountains above the borders of vendhya . 
 these people favor the kosalans . 
 but why should kosalans be building a city this far to the west ? '' 
 the figures portrayed were those of slender , olive-skinned women and men , with finely chisled , exotic features . 
 they wore filmy robes and many delicate jeweled ornaments , and were depicted mostly in attitudes of feasting , dancing , or lovemaking . 
 `` easterners , all right , '' grunted conyn , `` but from where i do n't know . 
 they must have lived a disgustingly peaceful life , though , or they 'd have scenes of wars and fights . 
 let 's go up those stairs . '' 
 it was an ivory spiral that wound up from the chamber in which they were standing . 
 they mounted three flights and came into a broad chamber on the fourth floor , which seemed to be the highest tier in the building . 
 skylights in the ceiling illuminated the room , in which light the fire-gems winked pallidly . 
 glancing through the doors they saw , except on one side , a seies of similarly lighted chambers . 
 this other door opened upon a balustraded gallery that overhung a hall much smaller than the one they had recently explored on the lower floor . 
 `` hell ! '' 
 valerian sat down disgustedly on a jade bench . 
 `` the people who deserted this city must have taken all their treasures with them . 
 i 'm tired of wandering through these bare rooms at random . '' 
 `` all these upper chambers seem to be lighted , '' said conyn . 
 `` i wish we could find a window that overlooked the city . 
 let 's have a look through that door over there . '' 
 `` you have a look , '' advised valerian . 
 `` i 'm gonig to sit here and rest my feet . '' 
 conyn disappeared through the door opposite that one opening upon the gallery , and valerian leaned back with his hands clasped behind his head , and thrust his booted legs out in front of him . 
 these silent rooms and halls with their gleaming green clusters of ornaments and burning crimson floors were beginning to depress him . 
 he wished they could find their way out of the maze into which they had wandered and emerge into a street . 
 he wondered idly what furtive , dark feet had glided over those flaming floors in past centuries , how many deeds of cruelty and mystery those wrinking ceiling-gems had blazed down upon . 
 it was a faint noise that brought him out of his reflections . 
 he was on his feet with his sword in his hand before he realized what had disturbed him . 
 conyn had not returned , and he knew it was not she that he had heard . 
 the sound had come from somewhere beyond the door that opened on to the gallery . 
 soundlessly in his soft leather boots he glided through it , crept across the balcony and peered down between the heavy balustrades . 
 a woman was stealing along the hall . 
 the sight of a human being in this supposedly deserted city was a startling shock . 
 crouching down behind the stone balusters , with every nerve tingling , valerian glared down at the stealthy figure . 
 the woman in no way resembled the figures depicted on the friezes . 
 she was slightly above middle height , very dark , though not negroid . 
 she was naked but for a scanty silk clout that only partly covered her muscular hips , and a leather girdle , a hand 's breadth broad , about her lean waist . 
 her long black hair hung in lank strands about her shoulders , giving her a wild appearance . 
 she was gaunt , but knots and cords of muscles stood out on her arms and legs , without that fleshy padding that presents a pleasing symmetry of contour . 
 she was built with an economy that was almost repellent . 
 yet it was not so much her physical appearance as her attitude that impressed the man who watched her . 
 she slunk along , stooped in a semi-crouch , her head turning from side to side . 
 she grasped a widetipped blade in her right hand and he saw it shake with the intensity of the emotion that gripped her . 
 she was afraid , trembling in the grip of some dire terror . 
 when she turned her head he caught the blaze of wild eyes among the lank strands of black hair . 
 she did not see him . 
 on tiptoe she glided across the hall and vanished through an open door . 
 a moment later he heard a choking cry , and then silence fell again . 
 consumed with curiosity , valerian glided along the gallery until he came to a door above the one through which the woman had passed . 
 it opened into another , smaller gallery that encircled a large chamber . 
 this chamber was on the third floor , and its ceiling was not so high as that of the hall . 
 it was lighted only by the fire-stones , and their weird green glow left the spaces under the balcony in shadows . 
 valerian 's eyes widened . 
 the woman he had seen was still in the chamber . 
 she lay face down on a dark crimson carpet in the middle of the room . 
 her body was limp , her arms spread wide . 
 her curved sword lay near him . 
 he wondered why she should lie there so motionless . 
 then his eyes narrowed as he stared down at the rug on which she lay . 
 beneath and about her the fabric showed a slightly different color , a deeper , brighter crimson . 
 shivering slightly , he crouched down closer behind the balustrade , intently scanning the shadows under the overhanging gallery . 
 they gave up no secret . 
 suddenly another figure entered the grim drama . 
 she was a woman similar to the first , and she came in by a door opposite that which gave upon the hall . 
 her eyes glared at the sight of the woman on the floor , and she spoke something in a staccato voice that sounded like `` chicmec ! '' 
 the other did not move . 
 the woman stepped quickly across the floor , bent , gripped the fallen woman 's shoulder and turned her over . 
 a choking cry escaped her as the head fell back limply , disclosing a throat that had been severed from ear to ear . 
 the woman let the corpse fall back upon the blood-stained carpet , and sprang to her feet , shaking like a windblown leaf . 
 her face was an ashy mask of fear . 
 but with one knee flexed for flight , she froze suddenly , became as immobile as an image , staring across the chamber with dilated eyes . 
 in the shadows beneath the balcony a ghostly light began to glow and grow , a light that was not part of the fire-stone gleam . 
 valerian felt his hair stir as he watched it ; for , dimly visible in the throbbing radiance , there floated a human skull , and it was from this skull -- human yet appallingly misshapen -- that the spectral light seemed to emanate . 
 it hung there like a disembodied head , conjured out of night and the shadows , growing more and more distinct ; human , and yet not human as he knew humanity . 
 the woman stood motionless , an embodiment of paralyzed horror , staring fixedly at the apparition . 
 the thing moved out from the wall and a grotesque shadows moved with it . 
 slowly the shadow became visible as a man-like figure whose naked torso and limbs shone whitely , with the hue of bleached bones . 
 the bare skull on its shoulders grinned eyelessly , in the midst of its unholy nimbus , and the woman confronting it seemed unable to take her eyes from it . 
 she stood still , her sword dangling from nerveless fingers , on her face the expression of a woman bound by the spells of a mesmerist . 
 valerian realized that it was not fear alone that paralyzed her . 
 some hellish quality of that throbbing glow had robbed her of her power to think and act . 
 he himself , safely above the scene , felt the subtle impact of a nameless emanation that was a threat to sanity . 
 the horror swept toward its victim and she moved at last , but only to drop her sword and sink to her knees , covering her eyes with her hands . 
 dumbly she awaited the stroke of the blade that now gleamed in the apparition 's hand as it reared above her like death triumphant over mankind . 
 valerian acted according to the first impulse of his wayward nature . 
 with one tigerish movement he was over the balustrade and dropping to the floor behind the awful shape . 
 it wheeled at the thud of his soft boots on the floor , but even as it turned , his keen blade lashed down and a fierce exultation swept his as he felt the edge cleave solid flesh and mortal bone . 
 the apparition cried out gurglingly and went down , severed through the shoulder , breastbone and spine , and as it fell the burning skull rolled clear , revealing a lank mop of black hair and a dark face twisted in the convulsions of death . 
 beneath the horrific masquerade there was a human being , a woman similar to the one kneeling supinely on the floor . 
 the latter looked up at the sound of the blow and the cry , and now she glared in wild-eyes amazement at the whiteskinned man who stood over the corpse with a dripping sword in his hand . 
 she staggered up , yammering as if the sight had almost unseated her reason . 
 he was amazed to realize that he understood her . 
 she was gibbering in the stygian tongue , though in a dialect unfamiliar to her . 
 `` who are you ? 
 whence come you ? 
 what do you in xuchotl ? '' 
 then rushing on , without waiting for his to reply : `` but you are a friend -- goddess or devil , it makes no difference ! 
 you have slain the burning skull ! 
 it was but a woman beneath it , after all ! 
 we deemed it a demon they conjured up out of the catacombs ! 
 listen ! '' 
 she stopped short in her ravings and stiffened , straining her ears with painful intensity . 
 the boy heard nothing . 
 `` we must hasten ! '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` they are west of the great hall ! 
 they may be all around us here ! 
 they may be creeping upon us even now ! '' 
 she seized his wrist in a convulsive grasp he found hard to break . 
 `` whom do you mean by ` they ? ' '' 
 he demanded . 
 she stared at his uncomprehendingly for an instant , as if she found his ignorance hard to understand . 
 `` they ? '' 
 she stammered vaguely . 
 `` why -- why , the people of xotalanc ! 
 the clan of the woman you slew . 
 they who dwell by the eastern gate . '' 
 `` you mean to say this city is inhabited ? '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 `` aye ! 
 aye ! '' 
 she was writhing in the impatience of apprehension . 
 `` come away ! 
 come quick ! 
 we must return to tecuhltli ! '' 
 `` where is that ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` the quarter by the western gate ! '' 
 she had his wrist again and was pulling his toward the door through which she had first come . 
 great beads of perspiration dripped from her dark forehead , and her eyes blazed with terror . 
 `` wait a minute ! '' 
 he growled , flinging off her hand . 
 `` keep your hands off me , or i 'll split your skull . 
 what 's all this about ? 
 who are you ? 
 where would you take me ? '' 
 she took a firm grip on herself , casting glances to all sides , and began speaking so fast her words tripped over each other . 
 `` my name is techotl . 
 i am of techultli . 
 i and this woman who lies with her throat cut came into the halls of silence to try and ambush some of the xotalancas . 
 but we became separated and i returned here to find him with her gullet slit . 
 the burning skull did it , i know , just as she would have slain me had you not killed her . 
 but perhamps she was not alone . 
 others may be stealing from xotalanc ! 
 the gods themselves blench at the fate of those they take alive ! '' 
 at the thought she shook as with a ague and her dark skin grew ashy . 
 valerian frowned puzzledly at her . 
 he sensed intelligence behind this rigmarole , but it was meaningless to him . 
 he turned toward the skull , which still glowed and pulsed on the floor , and was reaching a booted toe tentatively toward it , when the woman who called herself techotl sprang forward with a cry . 
 `` do not touch it ! 
 do not even look at it ! 
 madness and death lurk in it . 
 the wizards of xotalanc understand its secret -- they found it in the catacombs , where lie the bones of terrible kings who ruled in xuchotl in the black centuries of the past . 
 to gaze upon it freezes the blood and withers the brain of a woman who understands not its mystery . 
 to touch it causes madness and destruction . '' 
 he scowled at her uncertainly . 
 she was not a reassuring figure , with her lean , muscle-knotted frame , and snaky locks . 
 in her eyes , behind the glow of terror , lurked a weird light he had never seen in the eyes of a woman wholly sane . 
 yet she seemed sincere in her protestations . 
 `` come ! '' 
 she begged , reaching for his hand , and then recoiling as she remembered his warning . 
 `` you are a stranger . 
 how you came here i do not know , but if you were a goddess or a demon , come to aid tecuhltli , you would know all the things you have asked me . 
 you must be from beyond the great forest , whence our ancestors came . 
 but you are our friend , or you would not have slain my enemy . 
 come quickly , before the xotalancas find us and slay us ! '' 
 from her repellent , impassioned face he glanced to the sinister skull , smoldering and glowing on the floor near the dead woman . 
 it was like a skull seen in a dream , undeniably human , yet with disturbing distortions and malformations of contour and outline . 
 in life the wearer of that skull must have presented an alien and monstrous aspect . 
 life ? 
 it seemed to possess some sort of life of its own . 
 its jaws yawned at his and snapped together . 
 its radiance grew brighter , more vivid , yet the impression of nightmare grew too ; it was a dream ; all life was a dream -- it was techotl 's urgent voice which snapped valerian back from the dim gulfs whither he was drifting . 
 `` do not look at the skull ! 
 do not look at the skull ! '' 
 it was a far cry from across unreckoned voids . 
 valerian shook himself like a lion shaking her mane . 
 his vision cleared . 
 techotl was chattering : `` in life it housed the awful brain of a queen of magicians ! 
 it holds still the life and fire of magic drawn from outer spaces ! '' 
 with a curse valerian leaped , lithe as a panther , and the skull crashed to flaming bits under his swinging sword . 
 somewhere in the room , or in the void , or in the dim reaches of his consciousness , an inhuman voice cried out in pain and rage . 
 techotl 's hand was plucking at his arm and she was gibbering : `` you have broken it ! 
 you have destroyed it ! 
 not all the black arts of xotalanc can rebuild it ! 
 come away ! 
 come away quickly , now ! '' 
 `` but i ca n't go , '' he protested . 
 `` i have a friend somewhere near by -- '' the flare of her eyes cut his short as she stared past his with an expression grown ghastly . 
 he wheeled just as four women rushed through as many doors , converging on the pair in the center of the chamber . 
 they were like the others he had seen , the same knotted muscles bulging on otherwise gaunt limbs , the same lank blue-black hair , the same mad glare in their wild eyes . 
 they were armed and clad like techotl , but on the breast of each was painted a white skull . 
 there were no challenges or war cries . 
 like blood-mad tigers the women of xotalanc sprang at the throats of their enemies . 
 techotl met them with the fury of desperation , ducked the swipe of a wide-headed blade , and grappled with the wielder , and bore her to the floor where they rolled and wrestled in murderous silence . 
 the other three swarmed on valerian , their weird eyes red as the eyes of mad dogs . 
 he killed the first who came within reach before she could strike a blow , his long straight blade splitting her skull even as her own sword lifted for a stroke . 
 he side-stepped a thrust , even as he parried a slash . 
 his eyes danced and his lips smiled without mercy . 
 again he was valerian of the red sisterhood , and the hum of his steel was like a bridal song in his ears . 
 his sword darted past a blade that sought to parry , and sheathed six inches of its point in a leather-guarded midriff . 
 the woman gasped agonizedly and went to her knees , but her tall mate lunged in , in ferocious silence , raining blow on blow so furiously that valerian had no opportunity to counter . 
 he stepped back coolly , parrying the strokes and watching for his chance to thrust home . 
 she could not long keep up that flailing whirlwind . 
 her arm would tire , her wind would fail ; she would weaken , falter , and then his blade would slide smoothly into her heart . 
 a sidelong glance showed his techotl kneeling on the breast of her antagonist and striving to break the other 's hold on her wrist and to drive home a dagger . 
 sweat beaded the forehead of the woman facing him , and her eyes were like burning coals . 
 smite as she would , she could not break past nor beat down his guard . 
 her breath came in gusty gulps , her blows began to fall erratically . 
 he stepped back to draw her out -- and felt his thighs locked in an iron grip . 
 he had forgotten the wounded woman on the floor . 
 crouching on her knees , she held his with both arms locked about his legs , and her mate croaked in triumph and began working her way around to come at his from the left side . 
 valerian wrenched and tore savagely , but in vain . 
 he could free himself of this clinging menace with a downward flick of his sword , but in that instant the curved blade of the tall warrior would crash through his skull . 
 the wounded woman began to worry at his bare thigh with her teeth like a wild beast . 
 he reached down with his left hand and gripped her long hair , forcing her head back so that her white teeth and rolling eyes gleamed up at her . 
 the tall xotalanc cried out fiercely and leaped in , smiting with all the fury of her arm . 
 awkwardly he parried the stroke , and it beat the flat of his blade down on his head so that he saw sparks flash before his eyes , and staggered . 
 up went the sword again , with a low , beast-like cry of triumph -- and then a giant form loomed behind the xotalanc and steel flashed like a jet of blue lightning . 
 the cry of the warrior broke short and she went down like an ox beneath the poleax , her brains gushing from her skull that had been split to the throat . 
 `` conyn ! '' 
 gasped valerian . 
 in a gust of passion he turned on the xotalanc whose long hair he still gripped in his left hand . 
 `` dog of hell ! '' 
 his blade swished as it cut the air in an upswinging arc with a blur in the middle , and the headless body slumped down , spurting blood . 
 he hurled the severed head across the room . 
 `` what the devil 's going on here ? '' 
 conyn bestrode the corpse of the woman she had killed , broadsword in hand , glaring about her in amazement . 
 techotl was rising from the twitching figure of the last xotalanc , shaking red drops from her dagger . 
 she was bleeding from the stab deep in the thigh . 
 she stared at conyn with dilated eyes . 
 `` what is all this ? '' 
 conyn demanded again , not yet recovered from the stunning surprise of finding valerian engaged in a savage battle with this fantastic figures in a city she had thought empty and uninhabited . 
 returning from an aimless exploration of the upper chambers to find valerian missing from the room where she had left him , she had followed the sounds of strife that burst on her dumfounded ears . 
 `` five dead dogs ! '' 
 exclaimed techotl , her flaming eyes reflecting a ghastly exultation . 
 `` five slain ! 
 five crimson nails for the black pillar ! 
 the gods of blood be thanked ! '' 
 she lifed quivering hands on high , and then , with the face of a fiend , she spat on the corpses and stamped on their faces , dancing in her ghoulish glee . 
 her recent allies eyed her in amazement , and conyn asked , in the aquilonian tongue : `` who is this madman ? '' 
 valerian shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` she says her name 's techotl . 
 from her babblings i gather that her people live at one end of this crazy city , and these others at the other end . 
 maybe we 'd better go with her . 
 she seems friendly , and it 's easy to see that the other clan is n't . '' 
 techotl had ceased her dancing and was listening again , her head tilted sidewise , dog-like , triumph struggling with fear in her repellent countenance . 
 `` come away , now ! '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` we have done enough ! 
 five dead dogs ! 
 my people will welcome you ! 
 they will honor you ! 
 but come ! 
 it is far to tecuhltli . 
 at any moment the xotalancs may come on us in numbers too great even for your swords . '' 
 `` lead the way , '' grunted conyn . 
 techotl instantly mounted a stair leading up to the gallery , beckoning them to follow her , which they did , moving rapidly to keep on her heels . 
 having reached the gallery , she plunged into a door that opened toward the west , and hurried through chamber after chamber , each lighted by skylights or green fire-jewels . 
 `` what sort of place can this be ? '' 
 muttered valerian under his breath . 
 `` crom knows ! '' 
 answered conyn . 
 `` i 've seen her kind before , though . 
 they live on the shores of lake zuad , near the border of kush . 
 they 're a sort of mongrel stygians , mixed with another race that wandered into stygia from the east some centuries ago and were absorbed by them . 
 they 're called tlazitlans . 
 i 'm willing to bet it was n't they who built this city , though . '' 
 techotl 's fear did not sem to diminish as they drew away from the chamber where the dead women lay . 
 she kept twisting her head on her shoulder to listen for sounds of pursuit , and stared with burning intensity into every doorway they passed . 
 valerian shivered in spite of himself . 
 he feared no woman . 
 but the weird floor beneath his feet , the uncanny jewels over him head , dividing the lurking shadows among them , the stealth and terror of their guide , impressed his with a nameless apprehension , a sensation of lurking , inhuman peril . 
 `` they may be between us and tecuhltli ! '' 
 she whispered once . 
 `` we must beware lest they be lying in wait ! '' 
 `` why do n't we get out of this infernal palace , and take to the streets ? '' 
 demanded valerian . 
 `` there are no streets in xuchotl , '' she answered . 
 `` no squares nor open courts . 
 the whole city is built like one giant palace under one great roof . 
 the nearest approach to a street is the great hall which traverses the city from the north gate to the south gate . 
 the only doors opening into the outer world are the city gates , through which no living woman has passed for fifty years . '' 
 `` how long have you dwelt here ? '' 
 asked conyn . 
 `` i was born in the castle of tecuhltli thirty-five years ago . 
 i have never set foot outside the city . 
 for the love of the gods , let us go silently ! 
 these halls may be full of lurking devils . 
 tascela shall tell you all when we reach tecuhltli . '' 
 so in silence they glided on with the green fire-stones blinking overhead and the flaming floors smoldering under their feet , and it seemed to valerian as if they fled through hell , guided by a dark-faced lank-haired goblin . 
 yet it was conyn who halted them as they were crossing an unusually wide chamber . 
 her wilderness-bred ears were keener even than the ears of techotl , whetted though these were by a lifetime of warfare in this silent corridors . 
 `` you think some of your enemies may be ahead of us , lying in ambush ? '' 
 `` they prowl through these rooms at all hours , '' answered techotl , `` as do we . 
 the halls and chambers between tecuhltli and xotalanc are a disputed region , owned by no woman . 
 we call it the halls of silence . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 `` because women are in the chambers ahead of us , '' answered conyn . 
 `` i heard steel clink against stone . '' 
 again a shaking seized techotl , and she clenched her teeth to keep them from chattering . 
 `` perhaps they are your friends , '' suggested valerian . 
 `` we dare not chance it , '' she panted , and moved with frenzied activity . 
 she turned aside and glided through a doorway on the left which led into a chamber from which an ivory staircase wound down into darkness . 
 `` this leads to an unlighted corridor below us ! '' 
 she hissed , great beads of perspiration standing out on her brow . 
 `` they may be lurking there , too . 
 it may all be a trick to draw us into it . 
 but we must take the chance that they have laid their ambush in the rooms above . 
 come swiftly now ! '' 
 softly as phantoms they descended the stair and came to the mouth of a corridor black as night . 
 they crouched there for a moment , listening , and then melted into it . 
 as they moved along , valerian 's flesh crawled between his shoulders in momentary expectation of a sword-thrust in the dark . 
 but for conyn 's iron fingers gripping his arm he had no physical cognizance of his companions . 
 neither made as much noise as a cat would have made . 
 the darkness was absolute . 
 one hand , outstretched , touched a wall , and occasionally he felt a door under his fingers . 
 the hallway seemed interminable . 
 suddenly they were galvanized by a sound behind them . 
 valerian 's flesh crawled anew , for he recognized it as the soft opening of a door . 
 women had come into the corridor behind them . 
 even with the thought he stumbled over something that felt like a human skull . 
 it rolled across the floor with an appalling clatter . 
 `` run ! '' 
 yelped techotl , a note of hysteria in her voice , and was away down the corridor like a flying ghost . 
 again valerian felt conyn 's hand bearing his up and sweeping his along as they raced after their guide . 
 conyn could see in the dark no better than he , but she possessed a sort of instinct that made her course unerring . 
 without her support and guidance he would have fallen or stumbled against the wall . 
 down the corridor they sped , while the swift patter of flying feet drew closer and closer , and then suddenly techotl panted : `` here is the stair ! 
 after me , quick ! 
 oh , quick ! '' 
 her hand came out of the dark and caught valerian 's wrist as he stumbled blindly on the steps . 
 he felt himself half dragged , half lifted up the winding stair , while conyn released his and turned on the steps , her ears and instincts telling her their foes were hard at their backs . 
 and the sounds were not all those of human feet . 
 something came writhing up the steps , something that slithered and rustled and brought a chill in the air with it . 
 conyn lashed down with her great sword and felt the blade shear through something that might have been flesh and bone , and cut deep into the stair beneath . 
 something touched her foot that chilled like the touch of frost , and then the darkness beneath her was disturbed by a frightful thrashing and lashing , and a woman cried out in agony . 
 the next moment conyn was racing up the winding staircase , and through a door that stood open at the head . 
 valerian and techotl were already through , and techotl slammed the door and shot a bolt across it -- the first conyn had seen since they had left the outer gate . 
 then she turned and ran across the well-lighted chamber into which they had come , and as they passed through the farther door , conyn glanced back and saw the door groaning and straining under heavy pressure violently applied from the other side . 
 though techotl did not abate either her speed or her caution , she seemed more confident now . 
 she had the air of a woman who had come into familiar territory , within call of friends . 
 but conyn renewed her terror by asking : `` what was that thing i fought on the stairs ? '' 
 `` the women of xotalanc , '' answered techotl , without looking back . 
 `` i told you the halls were full of them . '' 
 `` this was n't a woman , '' grunted conyn . 
 `` it was something that crawled , and it was as cold as ice to the touch . 
 i think i cut it asunder . 
 it fell back on the women who were following us , and must have killed one of them in its death throes . '' 
 techotl 's head jerked back , her face ashy again . 
 convulsively she quickened her pace . 
 `` it was the crawler ! 
 a monster they have brought out of the catacombs to aid them ! 
 what it is , we do not know , but we have found our people hideously slain by it . 
 in set 's name , hasten ! 
 if they put it on our trail , it will follow us to the very doors of tecuhltli ! '' 
 `` i doubt it , '' grunted conyn . 
 `` that was a shrewd cut i dealt it on the stair . '' 
 `` hasten ! 
 hasten ! '' 
 groaned techotl . 
 they ran through a series of green-lit chambers , traversed a broad hall , and halted before a giant bronze door . 
 techotl said : `` this is tecuhltli ! '' 
 the people of the feud techotl smote on the bronze door with her clenched hand , and then turned sidewise , so that she could watch back along the hall . 
 `` women have been smitten down before this door , when they thought they were safe , '' she said . 
 `` why do n't they open the door ? '' 
 asked conyn . 
 `` they are looking at us through the eye , '' answered techotl . 
 `` they are puzzled at the sight of you . '' 
 she lifted her voice and called : `` open the door , excelan ! 
 it is i , techotl , with friends from the great world beyond the forest ! 
 -- they will open , '' she assured her allies . 
 `` they 'd better do it in a hurry , then , '' said conyn grimly . 
 `` i hear something crawling along the floor beyond the hall . '' 
 techotl went ashy again and attacked the door with her fists , screaming : `` open , you fools , open ! 
 the crawler is at our heels ! '' 
 even as she beat and shouted , the great bronze door swung noiselessly back , revealing a heavy chain across the entrance , over which spearheads bristled and fierce countenances regarded them intently for an instant . 
 then the chain was dropped and techotl grasped the arms of her friends in a nervous frenzy and fairly dragged them over the threshold . 
 a glance over her shoulder just as the door was closing showed conyn the long dim vista of the hall , and dimly framed at the other end an ophidian shape that writhed slowly and painfully into view , flowing in a dull-hued length from a chamber door , its hideous bloodstained head wagging drunkenly . 
 then the closing door shut off the view . 
 inside the square chamber into which they had come heavy bolts were drawn across the foor , and the chain locked into place . 
 the door was made to stand the battering of a siege . 
 four women stood on guard , of the same lank-haired , dark-skinned breed as techotl , with spears in their hands and swords at their hips . 
 in the wall near the door there was a complicated contrivance of mirrors which conyn guessed was the eye techotl had mentioned , so arranged that a narrow , crystal-paned slot in the wall could be looked through from within without being discernible from without . 
 the four guardsmen stared at the strangers with wonder , but asked no question , nor did techotl vouchsafe any information . 
 she moved with easy confidence now , as if she had shed her cloak of indecision and fear the instant she crossed the threshold . 
 `` come ! '' 
 she urged her new-found friends , but conyn glanced toward the door . 
 `` what about those fellows who were following us ? 
 wo n't they try to storm that door ? '' 
 techotl shook her head . 
 `` they know they can not break down the door of the eagle . 
 they will flee back to xotalanc , with their crawling fiend . 
 come ! 
 i will take you to the rulers of tecuhltli . '' 
 one of the four guards opened the door opposite the one by which they had entered , and they passed through into a hallway wich , like most of the rooms on that level , was lighted by both the slot-like skylights and the clusters of winking fire-gems . 
 but unlike the other rooms they had traversed , this hall showed evidences of occupation . 
 velvet tapestries adorned the glossy jade walls , rich rugs were on the crimson floors , and the ivory seats , benches and divans were littered with satin cushions . 
 the hall ended in an ornate door , before which stood no guard . 
 without ceremony techotl thrust the door open and ushered her friends into a broad chamber , where some thirty dark-skinned women and men lounged on satin-covered couches sprang up with exclamations of amazement . 
 the women , all except one , were of the same type as techotl , and the men were equally dark and strange-eyed , though not unbeautiful in a weird dark way . 
 they wore sandals , golden breastplates , and scanty silk skirts supported by gem-crusted girdles , and their black manes , cut square at their naked shoulders , were bound with silver circlets . 
 on a wide ivory seat on a jade dais sat a woman and a man who differed subtly from the others . 
 she was a giant , with an enormous sweep of breast and the shoulders of a bull . 
 unlike the others , she was smooth , with a thick , blue-black locks which fell almost to her broad girdle . 
 she wore a robe of purple silk which reflected changing sheens of color with her every movement , and one wide sleeve , drawn back to her elbow , revealed a forearm massive with corded muscles . 
 the band which confined her blue-black locks was set with glittering jewels . 
 the man beside her sprang to his feet with a startled exclamation as the strangers entered , and his eyes , passing over conyn , fixed themselves with burning intensity on valerian . 
 he was tall and lithe , by far the most beautiful man in the room . 
 he was clad more scantily even than the others ; for instead of a skirt he wore merely a broad strip of gilt-worked purple cloth fastened to the middle of his girdle which fell below his knees . 
 another strip at the back of his girdle completed that part of his costume , which he wore with a cynical indifference . 
 his breast-plates and the circlet about his temples were adorned with gems . 
 in his eyes alone of all the darkskinned people there lurked no brooding gleam of madness . 
 he spoke no word after his first exclamation ; he stood tensely , his hands clenched , staring at valerian . 
 the woman on the ivory seat had not risen . 
 `` prince tascela , '' spoke techotl , bowing low , with arms outspread and the palms of her hands turned upward , `` i bring allies from the world beyond the forest . 
 in the chamber of tezcoti the burning skull slew chicmec , my companion -- '' `` the burning skull ! '' 
 it was a shuddering whisper of fear from the people of tecuhltli . 
 `` aye ! 
 then came i , and found chicmec lying with her throat cut . 
 before i could flee , the burning skull came upon me , and when i looked upon it my blood became as ice and the marrow of my bones melted . 
 i could neither fight nor run . 
 i could only await the stroke . 
 then came this white-skinned man and struck her down with his sword ; and lo , it was only a dog of xotalanc with white paint upon her skin and the living skull of an ancient wizard upon her head ! 
 now that skull lies in many pieces , and the dog who wore it is a dead woman ! '' 
 an indescribably fierce exultation edged the last sentence , and was echoed in the low , savage exclamations from the crowding listeners . 
 `` but wait ! '' 
 exclaimed techotl . 
 `` there is more ! 
 while i talked with the man , four xotalancs came upon us ! 
 one i slew -- there is the stab in my thigh to prove how desperate was the fight . 
 two the man killed . 
 but we were hard pressed when this woman came into the fray and split the skull of the fourth ! 
 aye ! 
 five crimson nails there are to be driven into the pillar of vengeance ! '' 
 she pointed to a black column of ebony which stood behind the dais . 
 hundreds of red dots scarred its polished surface -- the bright scarlet heads of heavy copper nails driven into the black wood . 
 `` five red nails for five xotalanca lives ! '' 
 exulted techotl , and the horrible exultation in the faces of the listeners made them inhuman . 
 `` who are these people ? '' 
 asked tascela , and her voice was like the low , deep rumble of a distant bull . 
 none of the people of xuchotl spoke loudly . 
 it was as if they had absorbed into their souls the silence of the empty halls and deserted chambers . 
 `` i am conyn , a cimmerian , '' answered the barbarian briefly . 
 `` this man is valerian of the red sisterhood , an aquilonian pirate . 
 we are deserters from an army on the darfar border , far to the north , and are trying to reach the coast . '' 
 the man on the dais spoke loudly , his words tripping in his haste . 
 `` you can never reach the coast ! 
 there is no escape from xuchotl ! 
 you will spend the rest of your lives in this city ! '' 
 `` what do you mean , '' growled conyn , clapping her hand to her hilt and stepping about so as to face both the dais and the rest of the room . 
 `` are you telling us we 're prisoners ? '' 
 `` he did not mean that , '' interposed tascela . 
 `` we are your friends . 
 we would not restrain you against your will . 
 but i fear other circumstances will make it impossible for you to leave xuchotl . '' 
 her eyes flickered to valerian , and she lowered them quickly . 
 `` this man is olmec , '' she said . 
 `` he is a prince of tecuhltli . 
 but let food and drink be brought our guests . 
 doubtless they are hungry , and weary from their long travels . '' 
 she indicated an ivory table , and after an exchange of glances , the adventurers seated themselves . 
 the cimmerian was suspicious . 
 her fierce blue eyes roved about the chamber , and she kept her sword close to her hand . 
 but an invitation to eat and drink never found her backward . 
 her eyes kept wandering to olmec , but the prince had eyes only for her white-skinned companion . 
 techotl , who had bound a strip of silk about her wounded thigh , placed herself at the table to attend to the wants of her friends , seeming to consider it a privilege and honor to see after their needs . 
 she inspected the food and drink the others brought in gold vessels and dishes , and tasted each before she placed it before her guests . 
 while they ate , tascela sat in silence on her ivory seat , watching them from under her broad black brows . 
 olmec sat beside her , chin cupped in his hands and his elbows resting on his knees . 
 his dark , enigmatic eyes , burning with a mysterious light , never left valerian 's supple figure . 
 behind his seat a sullen handsome boy waved an ostrich-plume fan with a slow rhythm . 
 the food was fruit of an exotic kind unfamiliar to the wanderers , but very palatable , and the drink was a light crimson wine that carried a heady tang . 
 `` you have come from afar , '' said tascela at last . 
 `` i have read the books of our mothers . 
 aquilonia lies beyone the lands of the stygians and the shemites , beyond argos and zingara ; and cimmeria lies beyond aquilonia . '' 
 `` we have each a roving foot , '' answered conyn carelessly . 
 `` how you won through the forest is a wonder to me , '' quoth tascela . 
 `` in bygone days a thousand fighting women scarcely were able to carve a road through its perils . '' 
 `` we encountered a bench-legged monstrosity about the size of a mastodon , '' said conyn casually , holding out her wine goblet which techutl filled with evident pleasure . 
 `` but when we 'd killed it we had no further trouble . '' 
 the wine vessel slipped from techotl 's hand to crash on the floor . 
 her dusky skin went ashy . 
 tascela started to her feet , an image of stunned amazement , and a low gasp of awe or terror breathed up from the others . 
 some slipped to their knees as if their legs would not support them . 
 only olmec seemed not to have heard . 
 conyn glared about her bewilderedly . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 what are you gaping about ? '' 
 `` you -- you slew the dragon-god ? '' 
 `` god ? 
 i killed a dragon . 
 why not ? 
 it was trying to gobble us up . '' 
 `` but dragons are immortal ! '' 
 exclaimed tascela . 
 `` they slay each other , but no woman ever killed a dragon ! 
 the thousand fighting women of our ancestors who fought their way to xuchotl could not prevail against them ! 
 their swords broke like twigs against their scales ! '' 
 `` if your ancestors had thought to dip their spears in the poisonous juice of derketa 's apples , '' quoth conyn , with her mouth full , `` and jab them in the eyes or mouth or somewhere like that , they 'd have seen that dragons are no more immortal than any other chunk of beef . 
 the carcass lies at the edge of the trees , just within the forest . 
 if you do n't believe me , go and look for yourself . '' 
 tascela shook her head , not in disbelief but in wonder . 
 `` it was because of the dragons that our ancestors took refuge in xuchotl , '' said she . 
 `` they dared not pass through the plain and plunge into the forest beyond . 
 scores of them were seized and devoured by the monsters before they could reach the city . '' 
 `` then your ancestors did n't build xuchotl ? '' 
 asked valerian . 
 `` it was ancient when they first came into the land . 
 how long it had stood here , not even its degenerate inhabitants knew . '' 
 `` your people came from lake zuad ? '' 
 questioned conyn . 
 `` aye . 
 more than half a century ago a tribe of the tlazitlans rebelled against the stygian queen , and , being defeated in battle , fled southward . 
 for many weeks they wandered over grasslands , desert and hills , and at last they came into the great forest , a thousand fighting women with their men and children . 
 `` it was in the forest that the dragons fell upon them and tore many to pieces ; so the people fled in a frenzy of fear before them , and at last came into the plain and saw the city of xuchotl in the midst of it . 
 `` they camped before the city , not daring to leave the plain , for the night was made hideous with the noise of the battling monsters through the forest . 
 they made war incessantly upon one another . 
 yet they came not into the plain . 
 `` the people of the city shut their gates and shot arrows at our people from the walls . 
 the tlazitlans were imprisoned on the plain , as if the ring of the forest had been a great wall ; for to venture into the woods would have been madness . 
 `` that night there came secretly to their camp a slave from the city , one of their own blood , who with a band of exploring soldiers had wandered into the forest long before , when she was a young woman . 
 the dragons had devoured all her companions , but she had been taken into the city to dwell in servitude . 
 her name was tolkemec . '' 
 a flame lighted the dark eyes at mention of the name , and some of the people muttered obscenely and spat . 
 `` she promised to open the gates to the warriors . 
 she asked only that all captives taken be delivered into her hands . 
 `` at dawn she opened the gates . 
 the warriors swarmed in and the halls of xuchotl ran red . 
 only a few hundred folk dwelt there , decaying remnants of a once great race . 
 tolkemec said they came from the east , long ago , from old kosala , when the ancestors of those who now dwell in kosala came up from the south and drove forth the original inhabitants of the land . 
 they wandered far westward and finally found this forest-girdled plain , inhabited then by a tribe of black people . 
 `` these they enslaved and set to building a city . 
 from the hills to the east they brought jade and marble and lapis lazuli , and gold , silver , and copper . 
 herds of elephants provided them with ivory . 
 when their city was completed , they slew all the black slaves . 
 and their magicians made a terrible magic to guard the city ; for by their necromantic arts they re-created the dragons which had once dwelt in this lost land , and whose monstrous bones they found in the forest . 
 those bones they clothed in flesh and life , and the living beasts walked the earth as they walked it when time was young . 
 but the wizards wove a spell that kept them in the forest and they came not into the plain . 
 `` so for many centuries the people of xuchotl dwelt in their city , cultivating the fertile plain , until their wise women learned how to grow fruit within the city -- fruit which is not planted in soil , but obtains its nourishment out of the air -- and then they let the irrigation ditches run dry and dwelt more and more in luxurious sloth , until decay seized them . 
 they were a dying race when our ancestors broke through the forest and came into the plain . 
 their wizards had died , and the people had forgot their ancient necromancy . 
 they could fight neither by sorcery nor the sword . 
 `` well , our mothers slew the people of xuchotl , all except a hundred which were given living into the hands of tolkemec , who had been their slave ; and for many days and nights the halls re-echoed to their screams under the agony of her tortures . 
 `` so the tlazitlans dwelt here , for a while in peace , ruled by the sisters tecuhltli and xotalanc , and by tolkemec . 
 tolkemec took a boy of the tribe to wife , and because she had opened the gates , and because she knew many of the arts of the xuchotlans , she shared the rule of the tribe with the sisters who had led the rebellion and the flight . 
 `` for a few years , then , they dwelt at peace within the city , doing little but eating , drinking , and making love , and raising children . 
 there was no necessity to till the plain , for tolkemec taught them how to cultivate the air-devouring fruits . 
 besides , the slaying of the xuchotlans broke the spell that held the dragons in the forest , and they came nightly and bellowed about the gates of the city . 
 the plain ran red with the blood of their eternal warfare , and it was then that -- '' she bit her tongue in the midst of the sentence , then presently continued , but valerian and conyn felt that she had checked an admission she had considered unwise . 
 `` five years they dwelt in peace . 
 then '' -- tascela 's eyes rested briefly on the silent man at her side -- `` xotalanc took a man to wife , a man whom both tecuhltli and old tolkemec desired . 
 in her madness , tecuhltli stole his from his husband . 
 aye , he went willingly enough . 
 tolkemec , to spite xotalanc , aided tecuhltli . 
 xotalanc demanded that he be given back to her , and the council of the tribe decided that the matter should be left to the man . 
 he chose to remain with tecuhltli . 
 in wrath xotalanc sought to take his back by force , and the retainers of the sisters came to blows in the great hall . 
 `` there was much bitterness . 
 blood was shed on both sides . 
 the quarrel became a feud , the feud an open war . 
 from the welter three factions emerged -- tecuhltli , xotalanc , and tolkemec . 
 already , in the days of peace , they had divided the city between them . 
 tecuhltli dwelt in the western quarter of the city , xotalanc in the eastern , and tolkemec with her family by the southern gate . 
 `` anger and resentment and jealousy blossomed into bloodshed and rape and murder . 
 once the sword was drawn there was no turning back ; for blood called for blood , and vengeance followed swift on the heels of atrocity . 
 tecuhltli fought with xotalanc , and tolkemec aided first one and then the other , betraying each faction as it fitted her purposes . 
 tecuhltli and her people withdrew into the quarter of the western gate , where we now sit . 
 xuchotl is built in the shape of an oval . 
 tecuhltli , which took its name from its princess , occupies the western end of the oval . 
 the people blocked up all doors connecting the quarter with the rest of the city , except one on each floor , which could be defended easily . 
 they went into the pits below the city and built a wall cutting off the western end of the catacombs , where lie the bodies of the ancient xuchotlans , and of those tlazitlans slain in the feud . 
 they dwelt as in a besieged castle , making sorties and forrays on their enemies . 
 `` the people of xotalanc likewise fortified the eastern quarter of the city , and tolkemec did likewise with the quarter by the southern gate . 
 the central part of the city was left bare and uninhabited . 
 those empty halls and chambers became a battleground , and a region of brooding terror . 
 `` tolkemec warred on both clans . 
 she was a fiend in the form of a human , worse than xotalanc . 
 she knew many secrets of the city she never told the others . 
 from the crypts of the catacombs she plundered the dead of their grisly secrets -- secrets of ancient kings and wizards , long forgotten by the degenerate xuchotlans our ancestors slew . 
 but all her magic did not aid her the night we of tecuhltli stormed her castle and butchered all her people . 
 tolkemec we tortured for many days . '' 
 her voice sank to a caressing slur , and a faraway look grew in her eyes , as if she looked back over the years to a scene which caused her intense pleasure . 
 `` aye , we kept the life in her until she screamed for death as for a bride . 
 at last we took her living from the torture chamber and cast him into a dungeon for the rats to gnaw as she died . 
 from that dungeon , somehow , she managed to escape , and dragged herself into the catacombs . 
 there without doubt she died , for the only way out of the catacombs beneath tecuhltli is through tecuhltli , and she never emerged by that way . 
 her bones were never found and the superstitious among our people swear that her ghost haunts the crypts to this day , wailing among the bones of the dead . 
 twelve years ago we butchered the people of tolkemec , but the feud raged on between tecuhltli and xotalanc , as it will rage until the last woman , the last man is dead . 
 `` it was fifty years ago that tecuhltli stole the wife of xotalanc . 
 half a century the feud has endured . 
 i was born in it . 
 all in this chamber , except olmec , were born in it . 
 we expect to die in it . 
 `` we are a dying race , even as were those xuchotlans our ancestors slew . 
 when the feud began there were hundreds in each faction . 
 now we of tecuhltli number only these you see before you , and the women who guard the four doors : forty in all . 
 how many xotalancas there are we do not know , but i doubt if they are much more numerous than we . 
 for fifteen years no children have been born to us , and we have seen none among the xotalancas . 
 `` we are dying , but before we die we will slay as many of the women of xotalanc as the gods permit . '' 
 and with her weird eyes blazing , tascela spoke long of that grisly feud , fought out in silent chambers and dim halls under the blaze of the green fire-jewels , on floors smoldering with the flames of hell and splashed with deeper crimson from severed veins . 
 in that long butchery a whole generation had perished . 
 xotalanc was dead , long ago , slain in a grim battle on an ivory stair . 
 tecuhltli was dead , flayed alive by the maddened xotalancas who had captured her . 
 without emotion tascela told of hideous battles fought in black corridors , of ambushes on twisting stairs , and red butcheries . 
 with a redder , more abysmal gleam in her deep dark eyes she told of women and men flayed alive , mutilated and dismembered , of captives howling under tortures so ghastly that even the barbarous cimmerian grunted . 
 no wonder techotl had trembled with the terror of capture ! 
 yet she had gone forth to slay if she could , driven by hat that was stronger than her fear . 
 tascela spoke further , of dark and mysterious matters , of black magic and wizardry conjured out of the black night of the catacombs , of weird creatures invoked out of darkness for horrible allies . 
 in these things the xotalancas had the advantage , for it was in the eastern catacombs where lay the bones of the greatest wizards of the ancient xuchotlans , with their immemorial secrets . 
 valerian listened with morbid fascination . 
 the feud had become a terrible elemental power driving the people of xuchotl inexorably on to doom and extinction . 
 it filled their whole lives . 
 they were born in it , and they expected to die in it . 
 they never left their barricaded castle except to steal forth into the halls of silence that lay between the opposing fortresses , to slay and be slain . 
 sometimes the raiders returned with frantic captives , or with grim tokens of victory in fight . 
 sometimes they did not return at all , or returned only as severed limbs cast down before the bolted bronze doors . 
 it was a ghastly , unreal nightmare existence these people lived , shut off from the rest of the world , caught together like rabid rats in the same trap , butchering one another through the years , crouching and creeping through the sunless corridors to maim and torture and murder . 
 while tascela talked , valerian felt the blazing eyes of olmec fixed upon him . 
 the prince seemed not to hear what tascela was saying . 
 his expression , as she narrated victories or defeats , did not mirror the wild rage or fiendish exultation that alternated on the faces of the other tecuhltli . 
 the feud that was an obsession to his clansmen seemed meaningless to him . 
 valerian found his indifferent callousness more repugnant than tascela 's naked ferocity . 
 `` and we can never leave the city , '' said tascela . 
 `` for fifty years on one has left it except those -- '' again she checked herself . 
 `` even without the peril of the dragons , '' she continued , `` we who were born and raised in the city would not dare leave it . 
 we have never set foot outside the walls . 
 we are not accustomed to the open sky and the naked sun . 
 no ; we were born in xuchotl , and in xuchotl we shall die . '' 
 `` well , '' said conyn , `` with your leave we 'll take our chances with the dragons . 
 this feud is none of our business . 
 if you 'll show us to the west gate we 'll be on our way . '' 
 olmec 's hands clenched , and he started to speak , but tascela interrupted him : `` it is nearly nightfall . 
 if you wander forth into the plain by night , you will certainly fall prey to the dragons . '' 
 `` we crossed it last night , and slept in the open without seeing any , '' returned conyn . 
 olmec smiled mirthlessly . 
 `` you dare not leave xuchotl ! '' 
 conyn glared at his with instinctive antagonism ; he was not looking at her , but at the man opposite her . 
 `` i think they dare , '' stated tascela . 
 `` but look you , conyn and valerian , the gods must have sent you to us , to cast victory into the laps of the tecuhltli ! 
 you are professional fighters -- why not fight for us ? 
 we have wealth in abundance -- precious jewels are as common in xuchotl as cobblestones are in the cities of the world . 
 some the xuchotlans brought with them from kosala . 
 some , like the firestones , they found in the hills to the east . 
 aid us to wipe out the xotalancas , and we will give you all the jewels you can carry . '' 
 `` and will you help us destroy the dragons ? '' 
 asked valerian . 
 `` with bows and poisoned arrows thirty women could slay all the dragons in the forest . '' 
 `` aye ! '' 
 replied tascela promptly . 
 `` we have forgotten the use of the bow , in years of hand-to-hand fighting , but we can learn again . '' 
 `` what do you say ? '' 
 valerian inquired of conyn . 
 `` we 're both penniless vagabonds , '' she grinned hardily . 
 `` i 'd as soon kill xotalancas as anybody . '' 
 `` then you agree ? '' 
 exclaimed tascela , while techotl fairly hugged herself with delight . 
 `` aye . 
 and now suppose you show us chambers where we can sleep , so we can be fresh tomorrow for the beginning of the slaying . '' 
 tascela nodded , and waved a hand , and techotl and a man led the adventurers into a corridor which led through a door off to the left of the jade dais . 
 a glance back showed valerian tascela sitting on her throne , chin on knotted fist , staring after them . 
 her eyes burned with a weird flame . 
 olmec leaned back in his seat , whispering to the sullen-faced maid , yasala , who leaned over him shoulder , his ear to the princess 's moving lips . 
 the hallway was not so broad as most they had traversed , but it was long . 
 presently the man halted , opened a door , and drew aside for valerian to enter . 
 `` wait a minute , '' growled conyn . 
 `` where do i sleep ? '' 
 techotl pointed to a chamber across the hallway , but one door farther down . 
 conyn hesitated , and seemed inclined to raise an objection , but valerian smiled spitefully at her and shut the door in her face . 
 she muttered soemthing uncomplimentary about men in general , and strode off down the corridor after techotl . 
 in the ornate chamber where she was to sleep , she glanced up at the slot-like skylights . 
 some were wide enough to admit the body of a slender woman , supposing the glass were broken . 
 `` why do n't the xotalancas come over the roofs and shatter those skylights ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` they can not be broken , '' answered techotl . 
 `` besides , the roofs would be hard to clamber over . 
 they are mostly spires and domes and steep ridges . '' 
 she volunteered more information about the `` castle '' of tecuhltli . 
 like the rest of the city it contained four stories , or tiers of chambers , with towers jutting up from the roof . 
 each tier was named ; indeed , the people fo xuchotl had a name for each chamber , hall , and stair in the city , as people of more normal cities designate streets and quarters . 
 in tecuhltli the floors were named the eagle 's tier , the ape 's tier , the tiger 's tier and the serpent 's tier , in the order as enumerated , the eagle 's tier being the highest , or fourth , floor . 
 `` who is olmec ? '' 
 asked conyn . 
 `` tascela 's wife ? '' 
 techotl shuddered and glanced furtively about her before answering . 
 `` no . 
 he is -- olmec ! 
 he was the wife of xotalanc -- the man tecuhltli stole , to start the feud . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 demanded conyn . 
 `` that man is beautiful and young . 
 are you trying to tell me that he was a wife fifty years ago ? '' 
 `` aye ! 
 i swear it ! 
 he was a full-grown man when the tlazitlans journeyed from lake zuad . 
 it was because the queen of stygia desired his for a concubine that xotalanc and her sister rebelled and fled into the wilderness . 
 he is a warlock , who possesses the secret of perpetual youth . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 asked conyn . 
 techotl shuddered again . 
 `` ask me not ! 
 i dare not speak . 
 it is too grisly , even for xuchotl ! '' 
 and touching her finger to her lips , she glided from the chamber . 
 scent of black lotus valerian unbuckled his sword belt and laid it with the sheathed weapon on the couch where he meant to sleep . 
 he noted that the doors were supplied with bolts , and asked where they led . 
 `` those lead to adjoining chambers , '' answered the man , indicating the doors on right and left . 
 `` that one ? '' 
 -- pointing to a copper-bound door opposite that which opened into the corridor -- `` leads to a corridor which runs to a stair that descends into the catacombs . 
 do not fear ; naught can harm you here . '' 
 `` who spoke of fear ? '' 
 snapped valerian . 
 `` i just like to know what sort of harbor i 'm dropping anchor in . 
 no , i do n't want you to sleep at the foot of my couch . 
 i 'm not accustomed to being waited on -- not by men , anyway . 
 you have my leave to go . '' 
 alone in the room , the pirate shot the bolts on all the doors , kicked off his boots and stretched luxuriously out on the couch . 
 he imagined conyn similarly situated across the corridor , but his masculine vanity prompted his to visualize her as scowling and muttering with chagrin as she cast herself on her solitary couch , and he grinned with gleeful malice as he prepared himself for slumber . 
 outside , night had fallen . 
 in the halls of xuchotl the green firejewels blazed like the eyes of prehistoric cats . 
 somewhere among the dark towers , a night wind moaned like a restless spirit . 
 through the dim passages , stealthy figures began stealing , like disembodied shadows . 
 valerian awoke suddenly on his couch . 
 in the dusky emerald glow of the fire-gems he saw a shadowy figure bending over him . 
 for a bemused instant the apparition seemed part of the dream he had been dreaming . 
 he had seemed to lie on the couch in the chamber as he was actually lying , while over him pulsed and throbbed a gigantic black blossom so enormous that it hid the ceiling . 
 its exotic perfume pervaded his being , inducing a delicious , sensuous languor that was something more and less than sleep . 
 he was sinking into scented billows of insensible bliss , when something touched his face . 
 so supersensitive were his drugged senses , that the light touch was like a dislocating impact , jolting his rudely into full wakefulness . 
 then it was that he saw , not a gargantuan blossom , but a dark-skinned man standing above her . 
 with the realization came anger and instant action . 
 the man turned lithely , but before he could run valerian was on his feet and had caught his arm . 
 he fought like a wildcat for an instant , and then subsided as he felt himself crushed by the superior strength of his captor . 
 the priate wrenched the man around to face him , caught his chin with his free hand and forced his captive to meet his gaze . 
 it was the sullen yasala , olmec 's maid . 
 `` what the devil were you doing bending over me ? 
 what 's that in your hand ? '' 
 the man made no reply , but sought to cast away the object . 
 valerian twisted his arm around in front of him , and the thing fell to the floor -- a great black exotic blossom on a jade-green stem , large as a woman 's head , to be sure , but tiny beside the exaggerated vision he had seen . 
 `` the black lotus ! '' 
 said valerian between his teeth . 
 `` the blossom whose scent brings deep sleep . 
 you were trying to drug me ! 
 if you had n't accidentally touched my face with the petals , you 'd have -- why did you do it ? 
 what 's your game ? '' 
 yasala maintained a sulky silence , and with an oath valerian whirled his around , forced his to his knees and twisted his arm up behind his back . 
 `` tell me , or i 'll tear your arm out of its socket ! '' 
 yasala squirmed in anguish as his arm was forced excruciatingly up between his shoulder blades , but a violent shaking of his head was the only answer he made . 
 `` gigolo ! '' 
 valerian cast his from his to sprawl on the floor . 
 the pirate glared at the prostrate figure with blazing eyes . 
 fear and the memory of olmec 's burning eyes stirred in him , rousing all his tigerish instincts of self-preservation . 
 these people were decadent ; any sort of perversity might be expected to be encountered among them . 
 but valerian sensed here something that moved behind the scenes , some secret terror fouler than common degeneracy . 
 fear and revulsion of this weird city swept him . 
 these people were neither sane nor normal ; he began to doubt if they were even human . 
 madness smoldered in the eyes of them all -- all except the cruel , cryptic eyes of olmec , which held secrets and mysteries more abysmal than madness . 
 he lifted his head and listened intently . 
 the halls of xuchotl were as silent as if it were in reality a dead city . 
 the green jewels bathed the chamber in a nightmare glow , in which the eyes of the man on the floor glittered eerily up at him . 
 a thrill of panic throbbed through valerian , driving the last vestige of mercy from his fierce soul . 
 `` why did you try to drug me ? '' 
 he muttered , grasping the man 's black hair , and forcing his head back to glare into his sullen , long-lashed eyes . 
 `` did olmec send you ? '' 
 no answer . 
 valerian cursed venomously and slapped the man first on one cheek and then the other . 
 the blows resounded through the room , but yasala made no outcry . 
 `` why do n't you scream ? '' 
 demanded valerian savagely . 
 `` do you fear someone will hear you ? 
 whom do you fear ? 
 olmec ? 
 tascela ? 
 conyn ? '' 
 yasala made no reply . 
 he crouched , watching his captor with eyes baleful as those of a basilisk . 
 stubborn silence always fans anger . 
 valerian turned and tore a handful of cords from a near-by hanging . 
 `` you sulky gigolo ! '' 
 he said between his teeth . 
 `` i 'm going to strip you stark naked and tie you across that couch and whip you until you tell me what you were doing here , and who sent you ! '' 
 yasala made no verbal protest , nor did he offer any resistance , as valerian carried out the first part of his thereat with a fury that his captive 's obstinacy only sharpened . 
 then for a space there was no sound in the chamber except the whistle and crackle of hard-woven silken cords on naked flesh . 
 yasala could not move his fast-bound hands or feet . 
 his body writhed and quivered under the chastisement , his head swayed from side to side in rhythm with the blows . 
 his teeth were sunk into his lower lip and a trickle of blood began as the punishment continued . 
 but he did not cry out . 
 the pliant cords made no great sound as they encountered the quivering body of the captive ; only a sharp crackling snap , but each cord left a red streak across yasala 's dark flesh . 
 valerian inflicted the punishment with all the strength of his war-hardened arm , with all the mercilessness acquired during a life where pain and torment were daily happenings , and with all the cynical ingenuity which only a man displays toward a man . 
 yasala suffered more , physically and mentally , than he would have suffered under a lash wielded by a woman , however strong . 
 it was the application of this masculine cynicism which at last tamed yasala . 
 a low whimper escaped from his lips , and valerian paused , arm lifted , and raked back a damp yellow lock . 
 `` well , are you going to talk ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` i can keep this up all night , if necessary . '' 
 `` mercy ! '' 
 whispered the man . 
 `` i will tell . '' 
 valerian cut the cords from his wrists and ankles , and pulled his to his feet . 
 yasala sank down on the couch , half reclining on one bare hip , supporting himself on his arm , and writhing at the contact of his smarting flesh with the couch . 
 he was trembling in every limb . 
 `` wine ! '' 
 he begged , dry-lipped , indicating with a quivering hand a gold vessel on an ivory table . 
 `` let me drink . 
 i am weak with pain . 
 then i will tell you all . '' 
 valerian picked up the vessel , and yasala rose unsteadily to receive it . 
 he took it , raised it toward his lips -- then dashed the contents full into the aquilonian 's face . 
 valerian reeled backward , shaking and clawing the stinging liquid out of his eyes . 
 through a smarting mist he saw yasala dart across the room , fling back a bolt , throw open the copperbound door and run down the hall . 
 the pirate was after his instantly , sword out and murder in his heart . 
 but yasala had the start , and he ran with the nervous agility of a man who has just been whipped to the point of hysterical frenzy . 
 he rounded a corner in the corridor , yards ahead of valerian , and when the pirate turned it , he saw only an empty hall , and at the other end a door that gaped blackly . 
 a damp moldy scent reeked up from it , and valerian shivered . 
 that must be the door that hed to the catacombs . 
 yasala had taken refuge among the dead . 
 valerian advanced to the door and looked down a flight of stone steps that vanished quickly into utter blackness . 
 evidently it was a shaft that led straight to the pits below the city , without opening upon any of the lower floors . 
 he shivered slightly at the thought of the thousands of corpses lying in their stone cypts down there , wrapped in their moldering cloths . 
 he had no intention of groping his way down those stone steps . 
 yasala doubtless knew every turn and twist of the subterranean tunnels . 
 he was turning back , baffled and furious , when a sobbing cry welled up from the blackness . 
 it seemed to come from a great depth , but human words were faintly distinguishable , and the voice was that of a man . 
 `` oh , help ! 
 help , in set 's name ! 
 ahhh ! '' 
 it trailed away , and valerian thought he caught the echo of a ghostly tittering . 
 valerian felt his skin crawl . 
 what had happened to yasala down there in the thick blackness ? 
 there was no doubt that it had been he who had cried out . 
 but what peril could have befallen her ? 
 was a xotalanca lurking down there ? 
 tascela had assured them that the catacombs below tecuhltli were walled off from the rest , too securely for their enemies to break through . 
 besides , that tittering had not sounded like a human being at all . 
 valerian hurried back down the corridor , not stopping to close the door that opened on the stair . 
 regaining his chamber , he closed the door and shot the bolt behind him . 
 he pulled on his boots and buckled his sword-belt about him . 
 he was determined to make his way to conyn 's room and urge her , if she still lived , to join his in an attampt to fight their way out of that city of devils . 
 but even as he reached the door that opened into the corridor , a long-drawn scream of agony rang through the halls , followed by the stamp of running feet and the loud clangor of swords . 
 twenty red nails two warriors lounged in the guardroom on the floor known as the tier of the eagle . 
 their attitude was casual , though habitually alert . 
 an attack on the great bronze door from without was always a possibility , but for many years no such assault had been attempted on either side . 
 `` the strangers are strong allies , '' said one . 
 `` tascela will move against the enemy tomorrow , i believe . '' 
 she spoke as a soldier in a war might have spoken . 
 in the miniature world of xuchotl each handful of feudists was an army , and the empty halls between the castles was the country over which they campaigned . 
 the other meditated for a space . 
 `` suppose with their aid we destroy xotalanc , '' she said . 
 `` what then , xatmec ? '' 
 `` why , '' returned xatmec , `` we will drive red nails for them all . 
 the captives we will burn and flay and quarter . '' 
 `` but afterward ? '' 
 pursued the other . 
 `` after we have slain them all ? 
 will it not seem strange to have no foe to fight ? 
 all my life i have fought and hated the xotalancas . 
 with the feud ended , what is left ? '' 
 xatmec shrugged her shoulders . 
 her thoughts had never gone beyond the destruction of their foes . 
 they could not go beyond that . 
 suddenly both women stiffened at a noise outside the door . 
 `` to the door , xatmec ! '' 
 hissed the last speaker . 
 `` i shall look through the eye -- '' xatmec , sword in hand , leaned against the bronze door , straining her ear to hear through the metal . 
 her mate looked into the mirror . 
 she started convulsively . 
 women were clustered thickly outside the door ; grim , dark-faced women with swords gripped in their teeth -- and their fingers thrust into their ears . 
 one who wore a feathered headdress had a set of pipes whch she set to her lips , and even as the tecuhltli started to shout a warning , the pipes began to skirl . 
 the cry died in the guard 's throat as the thin , weird piping penetrated the metal door and smote on her ears . 
 xatmec leaned frozen against the door , as if paralyzed in that position . 
 her face was that of a wooden image , her expression one of horrified listening . 
 the other guard , farther removed from the source of the sound , yet sensed the horror of what was taking place , the grisly threat that lay in that demoniac fifing . 
 she felt the weird strains plucking like unseen fingers at the tissues of her brain , filling her with alien emotions and impulses of madness . 
 but with a soul-tearing effort she broke the spell , and shrieked a warning in a voice she did not recognize as her own . 
 but even as she cried out , the music changed to an unbearable shrilling that was like a knife in the eardrums . 
 xatmec screamed in sudden agony , and all the sanity went out of her face like a flame blown out in a wind . 
 like a madman she ripped loose the chain , tore open the door and rushed out into the hall , sword lifted before her mate could stop him . 
 a dozen blades struck her down , and over her mangled body the xotalancas surged into the guardroom , with a long-drawn , blood-mad yell that sent the unwonted echoes reverberating . 
 her brain reeling from the shock of it all , the remaining guard leaped to meet them with goring spear . 
 the horror of the sorcery she had just witnessed was submerged in the stunning realization that the enemy were in tecuhltli . 
 and as her spearhead ripped through a dark-skinned belly she knew no more , for a swinging sword crushed her skull , even as wild-eyed warriors came pouring in from the chambers behind the guardroom . 
 it was the yelling of women and the clanging of steel that brought conyn bounding from her couch , wide awake and broadsword in hand . 
 in an instant she had reached the door and flung it open , and was glaring out into the corridor just as techotl rushed up it , eyes blazing madly . 
 `` the xotalancas ! '' 
 she screamed , in a voice hardly human . 
 `` they are within the door ! '' 
 conyn ran down the corridor , even as valerian emerged from his chamber . 
 `` what the devil is it ? '' 
 he called . 
 `` techotl says the xotalancas are in , '' she answered hurriedly . 
 `` that racket sounds like it . '' 
 with the tecuhltli on their heels they burst into the throne room and were confronted by a scene beyond the most frantic dream of blood and fury . 
 twenty women and men , their black hair streaming , and the white skulls gleaming on their pectorals , were locked in combat with the people of tecuhltli . 
 the men on both sides fought as madly as the women , and already the room and the hall beyond were strewn with corpses . 
 tascela , naked but for a breech-clout , was fighting before her throne , and as the adventurers entered , olmec ran from an inner chamber with a sword in his hand . 
 xatmec and her mate were dead , so there was none to tell the tecuhltli how their foes had found their way into their citadel . 
 nor was there any to say what had prompted that mad attempt . 
 but the losses of the xotalancas had been greater , their position more desperate , than the tecuhltli had known . 
 the maiming of their scaly ally , the destruction of the burning skull , and the news , gasped by a dying woman , that mysterious white-skin allies had joined their enemies , had driven them to the frenzy of desperation and the wild determination to die dealing death to their ancient foes . 
 the tecuhltli , recovering from the first stunning shock of the surprise that had swept them back into the throne room and littered the floor with their corpses , fought back with an equally desperate fury , while the doorguards from the lower floors came racing to hurl themselves into the fray . 
 it was the deathfight of rabid wolves , blind , panting , merciless . 
 back and forth it surged , from door to dais , blades whickering and striking into flesh , blood spurting , feet stamping the crimson floor where redder pools were forming . 
 ivory tables crashed over , seats were splintered , velvet hangings torn down were stained red . 
 it was the bloody climax of a bloody half-century , and every woman there sensed it . 
 but the conclusion was inevitable . 
 the tecuhltli outnumbered the invaders almost two to one , and they were heartened by that fact and by the entrance into the melee of their light-skinned allies . 
 these crashed into the fray with the devastating effect of a hurricane plowing through a grove of saplings . 
 in sheer strength no three tlazitlans were a match for conyn , and in spite of her weight she was quicker on her feet than any of them . 
 she moved through the whirling , eddying mass with the surety and destructiveness of a gray wolf amidst a pack of alley curs , and she strode over a wake of crumpled figures . 
 valerian fought beside her , his lips smiling and his eyes blazing . 
 he was stronger than the average woman , and far quicker and more ferocious . 
 his sword was like a living thing in his hand . 
 where conyn beat down opposition by the sheer weight and power of her blows , breaking spears , splitting skulls and cleaving chest s to the breastbone , valerian brought into action a finesse of swordplay that dazzled and bewildered his antagonists before it slew them . 
 again and again a warrior , heaving high her heavy blade , found his point in her jugular before she could strike . 
 conyn , towering above the field , strode through the welter smiting right and left , but valerian moved like an illusive phantom , constantly shifting , and thrusting and slashing as he shifted . 
 swords missed his again and again as the wielders flailed the empty air and died with his point in their hearts or throats , and his mocking laughter in their ears . 
 neither sex nor condition was considered by the maddened combatants . 
 the five men of the xotalancas were down with thir throats cut before conyn and valerian entered the fray , and when a woman or man went down under the stamping feet , there was always a knife ready for the helpless throat , or a sandaled foot eager to crush the prostrate skull . 
 from wall to wall , from door to door rolled the waves of combat , spilling over into adjoining chambers . 
 and presently only tecuhltli and their white-skinned allies stood upright in the great throne room . 
 the survivors stared bleakly and blankly at each other , like survivors after judgement day or the destruction of the world . 
 on legs widebraced , hands gripping notched and dripping swords , blood trickling down their arms , they stared at one another across the mangled corpses of friends and foes . 
 they had no breath left to shout , but a bestial mad howling rose from their lips . 
 it was not a human cry of triumph . 
 it was the howling of a rabid wolf-pack stalking among the bodies of its victims . 
 conyn caught valerian 's arm and turned his about . 
 `` you 've got a stab in the calf of your leg , '' she growled . 
 he glanced down , for the first time aware of a stinging in the muscles of his leg . 
 some dying woman on the floor had fleshed her dagger with her last effort . 
 `` you look like a butcher yourself , '' he laughed . 
 she shook a red shower from her hands . 
 `` not mine . 
 oh , a scratch here and there . 
 nothing to bother about . 
 but that calf ought to be bandaged . '' 
 tascela came through the litter , looking like a ghoul with her naked massive shoulders splashed with blood , and her black locks dabbled in crimson . 
 her eyes were red , like the reflection of flame on black water . 
 `` we have won ! '' 
 she croaked dazedly . 
 `` the feud is ended ! 
 the dogs of xotalanc lie dead ! 
 oh , for a captive to flay alive ! 
 yet it is good to look upon their dead faces . 
 twenty dead dogs ! 
 twenty red nails for the black column ! '' 
 `` you 'd best see to your wounded , '' grunted conyn , turning away from him . 
 `` here , boy , let me see that leg . '' 
 `` wait a minute ! '' 
 he shook her off impatiently . 
 the fire of fighting still burned brightly in his soul . 
 `` how do we know these are all of them ? 
 these might have come on a raid of their own . '' 
 `` they would not split the clan on a foray like this , '' said tascela , shaking her head , and regaining some of her ordinary intelligence . 
 without her purple robe the woman seemed less like a princess than some repellent beast of prey . 
 `` i will stake my head upon it that we have slain them all . 
 there were less of them than i dreamed , and they must have been desperate . 
 but how came they in tecuhltli ? '' 
 olmec came forward , wiping his sword on his naked thigh , and holding in his other hand an object he had taken from the body of the feathered leader of the xotalancas . 
 `` the pipes of madness , '' he said . 
 `` a warrior tells me that xatmec opened the door to the xotalancas and was cut down as they stormed into the guardroom . 
 this warrior came to the guardroom from the inner hall just in time to see it happen and to hear the last of a weird strain of music which froze her very soul . 
 tolkemec used to talk of these pipes , which the xuchotlans swore were hidden somewhere in the catacombs with the bones of the ancient wizard who used them in her lifetime . 
 somehow the dogs of xotalanc found them and learned their secret . '' 
 `` somebody ought to go to xotalanc and see if any remain alive , '' said conyn . 
 `` i 'll go if somebody will guide me . '' 
 tascela glanced at the remnants of her people . 
 there were only twenty left alive , and of these several lay groaning on the floor . 
 olmec was the only one of the tecuhltli who had escaped without a wound . 
 the princess was untouched , though he had fought as savagely as any . 
 `` who will go with conyn to xotalanc ? '' 
 asked tascela . 
 techotl limped forward . 
 the wound in her thigh had started bleeding afresh , and she had another gash across her ribs . 
 `` i will go ! '' 
 `` no , you wo n't , '' vetoed conyn . 
 `` and you 're not going either , valerian . 
 in a little while that leg will be getting stiff . '' 
 `` i will go , '' volunteered a warrior , who was knotting a bandage about a slashed forearm . 
 `` very well , yanath . 
 go with the cimmerian . 
 and you , too , topal . '' 
 tascela indicated another woman whose injuries were slight . 
 `` but first aid to lift the badly wounded on these couches where we may bandage their hurts . '' 
 this was done quickly . 
 as they stooped to pick up a man who had been stunned by a warclub , tascela 's locks brushed topal 's ear . 
 conyn thought the princess muttered something to the warrior , but she could not be sure . 
 a few moments later she was leading her companions down the hall . 
 conyn glanced back as she went out the door , at that shambles where the dead lay on the smoldering floor , blood-stained dark limbs knotted in attitudes of fierce muscular effort , dark faces frozen in masks of hate , glassy eyes glaring up at the green fire-jewels which bathed the ghastly scene in a dusky emerald witchlight . 
 among the dead the living moved aimlessly , like people moving in a trance . 
 conyn heard tascela call a man and direct his to bandage valerian 's leg . 
 the pirate followed the man into an adjoining chamber , already beginning to limp slightly . 
 warily the two tecuhltli led conyn along the hall beyond the bronze door , and through chamber after chamber shimmering in the green fire . 
 they saw no one , heard no sound . 
 after they crossed the great hall which bisected the city from north to south , their caution was increased by the realization of their nearness to enemy territory . 
 but chambers and halls lay empty to their wary gaze , and they came at last along a broad dim hallway and halted before a bronze door similar to the eagle door of tecuhltli . 
 gingerly they tried it , and it opened at silently under their fingers . 
 awed , they started into the green-lit chambers beyond . 
 for fifty years no tecuhltli had entered those halls save as a prisoner going to a hideous doom . 
 to go to xotalanc had been the ultimate horror that could befall a woman of the western castle . 
 the terror of it had stalked through their dreams since earliest childhood . 
 to yanath and topol that bronze door was like the portal of hell . 
 they cringed back , unreasoning horror in their eyes , and conyn pushed past them and strode into xotalanc . 
 timidly they followed her . 
 as each woman set foot over the threshold she stared and glared wildly about her . 
 but only their quick , hurried breathing disturbed the silence . 
 they had come into a square guardroom , like that behind the eagle door of tecuhltli , and , similarly , a hall ran away from it to a broad chamber that was a counterpart of tascela 's throne room . 
 conyn glanced down the hall with its rugs and divans and hangings , and stood listening intently . 
 she heard no noise , and the rooms had an empty feel . 
 she did not believe there were any xotalancas left alive in xuchotl . 
 `` come on , '' she muttered , and started down the hall . 
 she had not gone far when she was aware that only yanath was following him . 
 she wheeled back to see topal standing in an attitude of horror , one arm out as if to fend off some threatening peril , her distended eyes fixed with hypnotic intensity on something protruding from behind a divan . 
 `` what the devil ? '' 
 then conyn saw what topal was staring at , and she felt a faint twitching of the skin between her giant shoulders . 
 a monstrous head protruded from behind the divan , a reptilian head , broad as the head of a crocodile , with down-curving fangs that projected over the lower jaw . 
 but there was an unnatural limpness about the thing , and the hideous eyes were glazed . 
 conyn peered behind the couch . 
 it was a great serpent which lay there limp in death , but such a serpent as she had never seen in her wanderings . 
 the reek and chill of the deep black earth were about it , and its color was an indeterminable hue which changed with each new angle from which she surveyed it . 
 a great wound in the neck showed what had caused its death . 
 `` it is the crawler ! '' 
 whispered yanath . 
 `` it 's the thing i slashed on the stair , '' grunted conyn . 
 `` after it trailed us to the eagle door , it dragged itself here to die . 
 how could the xotalancas control such a brute ? '' 
 the tecuhltli shivered and shook their heads . 
 `` they brought it up from the black tunnels below the catacombs . 
 they discovered secrets unknown to tecuhltli . '' 
 `` well , it 's dead , and if they 'd had any more of them , they 'd have brought them along when they came to tecuhltli . 
 come on . '' 
 they crowded close at her heels as she strode down the hall and thrust on the silver-worked door at the other end . 
 `` if we do n't find anybody on this floor , '' she said , `` we 'll descend into the lower floors . 
 we 'll explore xotalanc from the roof to the catacombs . 
 if xotalanc is like tecuhltli , all the rooms and halls in this tier will be lighted -- what the devil ! '' 
 they had come into the broad throne chamber , so similar to that one in tecuhltli . 
 there were the same jade dais and ivory seat , the same divans , rugs and hangings on the walls . 
 no black , red-scarred column stood behind the throne-dais , but evidences of the grim feud were not lacking . 
 ranged along the wall behind the dais were rows of glass-covered shelves . 
 and on those shelves hundreds of human heads , perfectly preserved , stared at the startled watchers with emotionless eyes , as they had stared for only the gods knew how many months and years . 
 topal muttered a curse , but yanath stood silent , the mad light growing in her wide eyes . 
 conyn frowned , knowing that tlazitlan sanity was hung on a hair-trigger . 
 suddenly yanath pointed to the ghastly relics with a twitching finger . 
 `` there is my brother 's head ! '' 
 she murmured . 
 `` and there is my father 's younger brother ! 
 and there beyond them is my sister 's eldest son ! '' 
 suddenly she began to weep , dry-eyed , with harsh , loud sobs that shook her frame . 
 she did not take her eyes from the heads . 
 her sobs grew shriller , changed to frightful , high-pitched laughter , and that in turn became an unbearable screaming . 
 yanath was stark mad . 
 conyn laid a hand on her shoulder , and as if the touch had released all the frenzy in her soul , yanath screamed and whirled , striking at the cimmerian with her sword . 
 conyn parried the blow , and topal tried to catch yanath 's arm . 
 but the madman avoided her and with froth flying from her lips , she drove her sword deep into topal 's body . 
 topal sank down with a groan , and yanath whirled for an instant like a crazy dervish ; then she ran at the shelves and began hacking at the glass with her sword , screeching blasphemously . 
 conyn sprang at her from behind , trying to catch her unaware and disarm her , but the madman wheeled and lunged at her , screaming like a lost soul . 
 realizing that the warrior was hopelessly insane , the cimmerian side-stepped , and as the maniac went past , she swung a cut that severed the shoulder-bone and breast , and dropped the woman dead beside her dying victim . 
 conyn bent over topal , seeing that the woman was at her last gasp . 
 it was useless to seek to stanch the blood gushing from the horrible wound . 
 `` you 're done for , topal , '' grunted conyn . 
 `` any word you want to send to your people ? '' 
 `` bend closer , '' gasped topal , and conyn complied -- and an instant later caught the woman 's wrist as topal struck at her breast with a dagger . 
 `` crom ! '' 
 swore conyn . 
 `` are you mad , too ? '' 
 `` tascela ordered it ! '' 
 gasped the dying woman . 
 `` i know not why . 
 as we lifted the wounded upon the couches she whispered to me , bidding me to slay you as we returned to tecuhltli -- '' and with the name of her clan on her lips , topal died . 
 conyn scowled down at her in puzzlement . 
 this whole affair had an aspect of lunacy . 
 was tascela mad , too ? 
 were all the tecuhltli madder than she had realized ? 
 with a shrug of her shoulders she strode down the hall and out of the bronze door , leaving the dead tecuhltli lying before the staring dead eyes of their kinsmen 's heads . 
 conyn needed no guide back through the labryinth they had traversed . 
 her primitive instinct of direction led her unerringly along the route they had come . 
 she traversed it as warily as she had before , her sword in her hand , and her eyes fiercely searching each shadowed nook and corner ; for it was her former allies she feared now , not the ghosts of the slain xotalancas . 
 she had crossed the great hall and entered the chambers beyond when she heard something moving ahead of her -- something which gasped and panted , and moved with a strange , floundering , scrambling noise . 
 a moment later conyn saw a woman crawling over the flaming floor toward him -- a woman whose progress left a broad bloody smear on the smoldering surface . 
 it was techotl and her eyes were already glazing ; from a deep gash in her breast blood gushed steadily between the fingers of her clutching hand . 
 with the other she clawed and hitched herself along . 
 `` conyn , '' she cried chokingly , `` conyn ! 
 tascela has taken the yellow-haired man ! '' 
 `` so that 's why she told topal to kill me ! '' 
 murmured conyn , dropping to her knee beside the woman , who her experienced eye told her was dying . 
 `` tascela is n't as mad as i thought . '' 
 techotl 's groping fingers plucked at conyn 's arm . 
 in the cold , loveless , and altogether hideous life of the tecuhltli , her admiration and affection for the invaders from the outer world formed a warm , human oasis , constituted a tie that connected her with a more natural humanity that was totally lacking in her fellows , whose only emotions were hate , lust , and the urge of sadistic cruelty . 
 `` i sought to oppose her , '' gurgled techotl , blood bubbling frothily to her lips . 
 `` but she struck me down . 
 she thought she had slain me , but i crawled away . 
 ah , set , how far i have crawled in my own blood ! 
 beware , conyn ! 
 tascela may have set an ambush for your return ! 
 slay olmec ! 
 she is a beast . 
 take valerian and flee ! 
 fear not to traverse the forest . 
 tascela and olmec lied about the dragons . 
 they slew each other years ago , all save the strongest . 
 for a dozen years there has been only one dragon . 
 if you have slain her , there is naught in the forest to harm you . 
 she was the god tascela worshipped ; and olmec fed human sacrifices to her , the very old and the very young , bound and hurled from the wall . 
 hasten ! 
 tascela has taken valerian to the chamber of the -- '' her head slumped down and she was dead before it came to rest on the floor . 
 conyn sprang up , her eyes like live coals . 
 so that was tascela 's game , having first used the strangers to destroy her foes ! 
 she should have known that something of the sort would be going on in that blackbearded degenerate 's mind . 
 the cimmerian started toward tecuhltli with reckless speed . 
 rapidly she reckoned the numbers of her former allies . 
 only twenty-one , counting tascela , had survived that fiendish battle in the throne room . 
 three had died since , which left seventeen enemies with which to reckon . 
 in her rage conyn felt capable of accounting for the whole clan singlehanded . 
 but the innate craft of the wilderness rose to guide her berserk rage . 
 she remembered techotl 's warning of an ambush . 
 it was quite probable that the princess would make such provisions , on the chance that topal might have failed to carry out her order . 
 tascela would be expecting her to return by the same route she had followed in going to xotalanc . 
 conyn glanced up at a skylight under which she was passing and caught the blurred glimmer of stars . 
 they had not yet begun to pale for dawn . 
 the events of the night had been crowded into a comparatively short space of time . 
 she turned aside from her direct course and descended a winding staircase to the floor below . 
 she did not know where the door was to be found that let into the castle on that level , but she knew she could find it . 
 how she was to force the locks she did not know ; she believed that the doors of tecuhltli would all be locked and bolted , if for no other reason than the habits of half a century . 
 but there was nothing else but to attempt it . 
 sword in hand , she hurried noiselessly on through a maze of green-lit or shadowy rooms and halls . 
 she knew she must be near tecuhltli , when a sound brought her up short . 
 she recognized it for what it was -- a human being trying to cry out through a stifling gag . 
 it came from somewhere ahead of her , and to the left . 
 in those deathly-still chambers a small sound carried a long way . 
 conyn turned aside and went seeking after the sound , which continued to be repeated . 
 presently she was glaring through a doorway upon a weird scene . 
 in the room into which she was looking a low rack-like frame of iron lay on the floor , and a giant figure was bound prostrate upon it . 
 her head rested on a bed of iron spikes , which were already crimson-pointed with blood where they had pierced her scalp . 
 a peculiar harness-like contrivance was fastened about her head , though in such a manner that the leather band did not protect her scalp from the spikes . 
 this harness was connected by a slender chain to the mechanism that upheld a huge iron ball which was suspended above the captive 's hairy breast . 
 as long as the woman could force herself to remain motionless the iron ball hung in its place . 
 but when the pain of the iron points caused her to lift her head , the ball lurched downward a few inches . 
 presently her aching neck muscles would no longer support her head in its unnatural position and it would fall back on the spikes again . 
 it was obvious that eventually the ball would crush her to a pulp , slowly and inexorably . 
 the victim was gagged , and above the gag her great black ox-eyes rolled wildly toward the woman in the doorway , who stood in silent amazement . 
 the woman on the rack was tascela , princess of tecuhltli . 
 the eyes of olmec `` why did you bring me into this chamber to bandage my leg ? '' 
 demanded valerian . 
 `` could n't you have done it just as well in the throne room ? '' 
 he sat on a couch with his wounded leg extended upon it , and the tecuhltli man had just bound it with silk bandages . 
 valerian 's redstained sword lay on the couch beside him . 
 he frowned as he spoke . 
 the man had done his task silently and efficiently , but valerian liked neither the lingering , caressing touch of his slim fingers nor the expression in his eyes . 
 `` they have taken the rest of the wounded into the other chambers , '' answered the man in the soft speech of the tecuhltli men , which somehow did not suggest either softness or gentleness in the speakers . 
 a little while before , valerian had seen this same man stab a xotalanca man through the breast and stamp the eyeballs out of a wounded xotalanca woman . 
 `` they will be carrying the corpses of the dead down into the catacombs , '' he added , `` lest the ghosts escape into the chambers and dwell there . '' 
 `` do you believe in ghosts ? '' 
 asked valerian . 
 `` i know the ghost of tolkemec dwells in the catacombs , '' he answered with a shiver . 
 `` once i saw it , as i crouched in a crypt among the bones of a dead king . 
 it passed by in the form of an ancient woman with flowing white locks and locks , and luminous eyes that blazed in the darkness . 
 it was tolkemec ; i saw her living when i was a child and she was being tortured . '' 
 his voice sank to a fearful whisper : `` tascela laughs , but i know tolkemec 's ghost dwells in the catacombs ! 
 they say it is rats whch gnaw the flesh from the bones of the newly dead -- but ghosts eat flesh . 
 who knows but that -- '' he glanced up quickly as a shadow fell across the couch . 
 valerian looked up to see tascela gazing down at him . 
 the princess had cleansed her hands , torso , and locks of the blood that had splashed them ; but she had not donned her robe , and her great dark-skinned hairless body and limbs renewed the impression of strength bestial in its nature . 
 her deep black eyes burned with a more elemental light , and there was the suggestion of a twitching in the fingers that tugged at her thick blue-black locks . 
 she stared fixedly at the man , and he rose and glided from the chamber . 
 as he passed through the door he cast a look over him shoulder at valerian , a glance full of cynical derision and obscene mockery . 
 `` he has done a clumsy job , '' criticized the princess , coming to the divan and bending over the bandage . 
 `` let me see -- '' with a quickness amazing in one of her bulk she snatched his sword and threw it across the chamber . 
 her next move was to catch his in her giant arms . 
 quick and unexpected as the move was , he almost matched it ; for even as she grabbed him , his dirk was in his hand and he stabbed murderously at her throat . 
 more by luck than skill she caught his wrist , and then began a savage wrestling-match . 
 he fought her with fists , feet , knees , teeth , and nails , with all the strength of his magnificent body and all the knowledge of hand-to-hand fighting he had acquired in his years of roving and fighting on sea and land . 
 it availed his nothing against her brute strength . 
 he lost his dirk in the first moment of contact , and thereafter found himself powerless to inflict any appreciable pain on his giant attacker . 
 the blaze in her weird black eyes did not alter , and their expression filled his with fury , fanned by the sardonic smile that seemed carved upon her smooth lips . 
 those eyes and that smile contained all the cruel cynicism that seethes below the surface of a sophisticated and degenerate race , and for the first time in his life valerian experienced fear of a woman . 
 it was like struggling against some huge elemental force ; her iron arms thwarted his efforts with an ease that sent panic racing through his limbs . 
 she seemed impervious to any pain he could inflict . 
 only once , when he sank his white teeth savagely into her wrist so that the blood started , did she react . 
 and that was to buffet his brutally upon the side of the head with her open hand , so that stars flashed before his eyes and his head rolled on his shoulders . 
 his shirt had been torn open in the struggle , and with cynical cruelty she rasped her thick locks across his bare pectorals , bringing the blood to suffuse the fair skin , and fetching a cry of pain and outraged fury from him . 
 his convulsive resistance was useless ; he was crushed down on a couch , disarmed and panting , his eyes blazing up at her like the eyes of a trapped tigress . 
 a moment later she was hurrying from the chamber , carrying his in her arms . 
 he made no resistance , but the smoldering of his eyes showed that he was unconquered in spirit , at least . 
 he had not cried out . 
 he knew that conyn was not within call , and it did not occur to his that any in tecuhltli would oppose their princess . 
 but he noticed that tascela went stealthily , with her head on one side as if listening for sounds of pursuit , and she did not return to the throne chamber . 
 she carried his through a door that stood opposite that through which she had entered , crossed another room and began stealing down a hall . 
 as he became convinced that she feared some opposition to the abduction , he threw back his head and screamed at the top of his lusty voice . 
 he was rewarded by a slap that half-stunned him , and tascela quickened her pace to a shambling run . 
 but his cry had been echoed and , twisting his head about , valerian , through the tears and stars that partly blinded him , saw techotl limping after them . 
 tascela turned with a snarl , shifting the man to an uncomfortable and certainly undignified position under one huge arm , where she held his writhing and kicking vainly , like a child . 
 `` tascela ! '' 
 protested techotl . 
 `` you can not be such a dog as to do this thing ! 
 he is conyn 's man ! 
 he helped us slay the xotalancas , and -- '' without a word tascela balled her free hand into a huge fist and stretched the wounded warrior senseless at her feet . 
 stooping , and hindered not at all by the struggles and imprecations of her captive , she drew techotl 's sword from its sheath and stabbed the warrior in the breast . 
 then casting aside the weapon , she fled on along the corridor . 
 she did not see a man 's dark face peer cautiously after her from behind a hanging . 
 it vanished , and presenly techotl groaned and stirred , rose dazedly and staggered drunkenly away , calling conyn 's name . 
 tascela hurried on down the corridor , and descended a winding ivory staircase . 
 she crossed several corridors and halted at last in a broad chamber whose doors were veiled with heavy tapestries , with one exception -- a heavy bronze door similar to the door of the eagle on the upper floor . 
 she was moved to rumble , pointing to it : `` that is one of the outer doors of tecuhltli . 
 for the first time in fifty years it is unguarded . 
 we need not guard it now , for xotalanc is no more . '' 
 `` thanks to conyn and me , you bloody rogue ! '' 
 sneered valerian , trembling with fury and the shame of physical coercion . 
 `` you trecherous dog ! 
 conyn will cut your throat for this ! '' 
 tascela did not bother to voice her belief that conyn 's own gullet had already been severed according to her whispered command . 
 she was too utterly cynical to be at all interested in his thoughts or opinions . 
 her flame-lit eyes devoured him , dwelling burningly on the generous expanses of clear white flesh exposed where his shirt and breeches had been torn in the struggle . 
 `` forget conyn , '' she said thickly . 
 `` tascela is lord of xuchotl . 
 xotalanc is no more . 
 there will be no more fighting . 
 we shall spend our lives in drinking and love-making . 
 first let us drink ! '' 
 she seated herself on an ivory table and pulled his down on her knees , like a dark-skinned satyr with a white nymph in her arms . 
 ignoring his un-nymphlike profanity , she held his helpless with one great arm about his waist while the other reached across the table and secured a vessel of wine . 
 `` drink ! '' 
 she commanded , forcing it to his lips , as he writhered his head away . 
 the liquor slopped over , stinging his lips , splashing down on his naked pectorals . 
 `` your guest does not like your wine , tascela , '' spoke a cool , sardonic voice . 
 tascela stiffened ; fear grew in her flaming eyes . 
 slowly she swung her great head about and stared at olmec who pased negligently in the curtained doorway , one hand on his smooth hip . 
 valerian twisted himself about in her iron grip , and when he met the burning eyes of olmec , a chill tingled along his supple spine . 
 new experiences were flooding valerian 's proud soul that night . 
 recently he had learned to fear a woman ; now he knew what it was to fear a man . 
 tascela sat motionless , a gray pallor growing under her swarthy skin . 
 olmec brought his other hand from behind his and displayed a small gold vessel . 
 `` i feared he would not like your wine , tascela , '' purred the prince , `` so i brought some of mine , some i brought with me long ago from the shores of lake zuad -- do you understand , tascela ? '' 
 beads of sweat stood out suddenly on tascela 's brow . 
 her muscles relaxed , and valerian broke away and put the table between them . 
 but though reason told his to dart from the room , some fascination he could not understand held his rigid , watching the scene . 
 olmec came toward the seated princess with a swaying , undulating walk that was mockery in itself . 
 his voice was soft , slurringly caressing , but his eyes gleamed . 
 his slim fingers stroked her locks lightly . 
 `` you are selfish , tascela , '' he crooned , smiling . 
 `` you would keep our handsome guest to yourself , though you knew i wished to entertain him . 
 you are much at fault , tascela ! '' 
 the mask dropped for an instant ; she eyes flashed , his face was contorted and with an appalling show of strength his hand locked convulsively in her locks and tore out a great handful . 
 this evidence of unnatural strength was no more terrifying than the momentary baring of the hellish fury that raged under his bland exterior . 
 tascela lurched up with a roar , and stood swaying like a bear , her mighty hands clenching and unclenching . 
 `` gigolo ! '' 
 her booming voice filled the room . 
 `` warlock ! 
 he-devil ! 
 tecuhltli should have slain you fifty years ago ! 
 begone ! 
 i have endured too much from you ! 
 this white-skinned boy is mine ! 
 get hence before i slay you ! '' 
 the prince laughed and dashed the blood-stained strands into her face . 
 his laughter was less merciful than the ring of flint on steel . 
 `` once you spoke otherwise , tascela , '' he taunted . 
 `` once , in your youth , you spoke words of love . 
 aye , you were my lover once , years ago , and because you loved me , you slept in my arms beneath the enchanted lotus -- and thereby put into my hands the chains that enslaved you . 
 you know you can not withstand me . 
 you know i have but to gaze into your eyes , with the mystic power a priestess of stygia taught me , long ago , and you are powerless . 
 you remember the night beneath the black lotus that waved above us , stirred by no worldly breeze ; you scent again the unearthly perfumes that stole and rose like a cloud about you to enslave you . 
 you can not fight against me . 
 you are my slave as you were that night -- as you shall be so long as you live , tascela of xuchotl ! '' 
 his voice had sunk to a murmur like the rippling of a stream running through starlit darkness . 
 he leaned close to the princess and spread his long tapering fingers upon her giant breast . 
 her eyes glared , her great hands fell limply to her sides . 
 with a smile of cruel malice , olmec liftd the vessel and placed it to her lips . 
 `` drink ! '' 
 mechanically the princess obeyed . 
 and instantly the glaze passed from her eyes and they were flooded with fury , comprehension and an awful fear . 
 her mouth gaped , but no sound issued . 
 for an instant she reeled on buckling knees , and then fell in a sodden heap on the floor . 
 her fall jolted valerian out of his paralysis . 
 he turned and sprang toward the door , but with a movement that would have shamed a leaping panther , olmec was before him . 
 valerian struck at his with his clenched fist , and all the power of his supple body behind the blow . 
 it would have stretched a woman senseless on the floor . 
 but with a lithe twist of his torso , olmec avoided the blow and caught the pirate 's wrist . 
 the next instant valerian 's left hand was imprisoned and , holding his wrists together with one hand , tasacela calmly bound them with a cord he drew from his girdle . 
 valerian thought he had tasted the ultimate in humiliation already that night , but his shame at being manhandled by tascela was nothing to the sensations that now shook his supple frame . 
 valerian had always been inclined to despise the other members of his sex ; and it was overwhelming to encounter another man who could handle his like a child . 
 he scarcely resisted at all when olmec forced his into a chair and , drawing his bound wrists down between his knees , fastened them to the chair . 
 casually stepping over tascela , olmec walked to the bronze door and shot the bolt and threw it open , revealing a hallway without . 
 `` opening upon this hall , '' he remarked , speaking to his masculine captive for the first time , `` there is a chamber which in old times was used as a torture room . 
 when we retired into tecuhltli , we brought most of the apparatus with us , but there was one piece too heavy to move . 
 it is still in working order . 
 i think it will be quite convenient now . '' 
 an understanding flame of terror rose in tascela 's eyes . 
 olmec strode back to her , bent and gripped her by the hair . 
 `` she is only paralyzed temporarily , '' he remarked conversationally . 
 `` she can hear , think , and feel -- aye , she can feel very well indeed ! '' 
 with which sinister observation he started toward the door , dragging the giant bulk with an ease that made the pirate 's eyes dilate . 
 he passed into the hall and moved down it without hesitation , presently disappearing with his captive into a chamber that opened into it , and whence shortly thereafter issued the clank of iron . 
 valerian swore softly and tugged vainly , with his legs braced against the chair . 
 the cords that confined his were apparently unbreakable . 
 olmec presently returned alone ; behind his a muffled groaning issued from the chamber . 
 he closed the door but did not bolt it . 
 olmec was beyond the grip of habit , as he was beyond the touch of other human instincts and emotions . 
 valerian sat dumbly , watching the man in whose slim hands , the pirate realized , his destiny now rested . 
 olmec grasped his yellow locks and forced back his head , looking impersonably down into his face . 
 but the glitter in his dark eyes was not impersonable . 
 `` i have chosen you for a great honor , '' he said . 
 `` you shall restore the youth of olmec . 
 oh , you stare at that ! 
 my appearance is that of youth , but through my veins creeps the sluggish chill of approaching age , as i have felt it a thousand times before . 
 i am old , so old i do not remember my childhood . 
 but i was a boy once , and a priestess of stygia loved me , and gave me the secret of immortality and youth everlasting . 
 she died , then -- some said by poison . 
 but i dwelt in my palace by the shores of lake zuad and the passing years touched me not . 
 so at last a queen of stygia desired me , and my people rebelled and brought me to this land . 
 tascela called me a prince . 
 i am not of royal blood . 
 i am greater than a prince . 
 i am olmec , whose youth your own glorious youth shall restore . '' 
 valerian 's tongue clove to the roof of his mouth . 
 he sensed here a mystery darker than the degeneracy he had anticipated . 
 the taller man unbound the aquilonian 's wrists and pulled his to his feet . 
 it was not fear of the dominant strength that lurked in the princess ' limbs that made valerian a helpless , quivering captive in his hands . 
 it was the burning , hypnotic , terrible eyes of olmec . 
 she comes from the dark `` well , i 'm a kushite ! '' 
 conyn glared down at the woman on the iron rack . 
 `` what the devil are you doing on that thing ? '' 
 incoherent sounds issued from behind the gag and conyn bent and tore it away , evoking a bellow of fear from the captive ; for her action caused the iron ball to lurch down until it nearly touched the broad breast . 
 `` be careful , for set 's sake ! '' 
 begged tascela . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 demanded conyn . 
 `` do you think i care what happens to you ? 
 i only wish i had time to stay here and watch that chunk of iron grind your guts out . 
 but i 'm in a hurry . 
 where 's valerian ? '' 
 `` loose me ! '' 
 urged tascela . 
 `` i will tell you all ! '' 
 `` tell me first . '' 
 `` never ! '' 
 the prince 's heavy jaws set stubbornly . 
 `` all right . '' 
 conyn seated herself on a near-by bench . 
 `` i 'll find his myself , after you 've been reduced to a jelly . 
 i believe i can speed up that process by twisting my sword-point around in your ear , '' she added , extending the weapon experimentally . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 words came in a rush from the captive 's ashy lips . 
 `` olmec took his from me . 
 i 've never been anything but a puppet in olmec 's hands . '' 
 `` olmec ? '' 
 snorted conyn , and spat . 
 `` why , the filthy -- '' `` no , no ! '' 
 panted tascela . 
 `` it 's worse than you think . 
 olmec is old -- centuries old . 
 he renews his life and his youth by the sacrifice of beautiful young men . 
 that 's one thing that has reduced the clan to its present state . 
 he will draw the essence of valerian 's life into his own body , and bloom with fresh vigor and beauty . '' 
 `` are the doors locked ? '' 
 asked conyn , thumbing her sword edge . 
 `` aye ! 
 but i know a way to get into tecuhltli . 
 only olmec and i know , and he thinks me helpless and you slain . 
 free me and i swear i will help you rescue valerian . 
 without my help you can not win into tecuhltli ; for even if you tortured me into revealing the secret , you could n't work it . 
 let me go , and we will steal on olmec and kill his before he can work magic -- before he can fix his eyes on us . 
 a knife thrown from behind will do the work . 
 i should have killed his thus long ago , but i feared that without his to aid us the xotalancas would overcome us . 
 he needed my help , too ; that 's the only reason he let me live this long . 
 now neither needs the other , and one must die . 
 i swear that when we have slain the warlock , you and valerian shall go free without harm . 
 my people will obey me when olmec is dead . '' 
 conyn stooped and cut the ropes that held the princess , and tascela slid cautiously from under the great ball and rose , shaking her head like a bull and muttering imprecations as she fingered her lacerated scalp . 
 standing shoulder to shoulder the two women presented a formidable picture of primitive power . 
 tascela was as tall as conyn , and heavier ; but there was something repellent about the tlazitlan , something abysmal and monstrous that contrasted unfavorably with the clean-cut , compact hardness of the cimmerian . 
 conyn had discarded the remnants of her tattered , blood-soaked shirt , and stood with her remarkable muscular development impressively revealed . 
 her great shoulders were as broad as those of tascela , and more cleanly outlined , and her huge breast arched with a more impressive sweep to a hard waist that lacked the paunchy thickness of tascela 's midsection . 
 she might have been an image of primal strength cut out of bronze . 
 tascela was darker , but not from the burning of the sun . 
 if conyn was a figure out of the dawn of time , tascela was a shambling , somber shape from the darkness of time 's pre-dawn . 
 `` lead on , '' demanded conyn . 
 `` and keep ahead of me . 
 i do n't trust you any farther than i can throw a bull by the tail . '' 
 tascela turned and stalked on ahead of her , one hand twitching slightly as it plucked at her matted locks . 
 tascela did not lead conyn back to the bronze door , which the princess naturally supposed olmec had locked , but to a certain chamber on the border of tecuhltli . 
 `` this secret has been guarded for half a century , '' she said . 
 `` not even our own clan knew of it , and the xotalancas never learned . 
 tecuhltli herself built this secret entrance , afterwards slaying the slaves who did the work for she feared that she might find herself locked out of her own kingdom some day because of the spite of olmec , whose passion for her soon changed to hate . 
 but he discovered the secret , and barred the hidden door against thim one day as she fled back from an unsuccessful raid , and the xotalancas took her and flayed her . 
 but once , spying upon him , i saw his enter tecuhltli by this route , and so learned the secret . '' 
 she pressed upon a gold ornament in the wall , and a panel swung inward , disclosing an ivory stair leading upward . 
 `` this stair is built within the wall , '' said tascela . 
 `` it leads up to a tower upon the roof , and thence other stairs wind down to the various chambers . 
 hasten ! '' 
 `` after you , comrade ! '' 
 retorted conyn satirically , swaying her broadsword as she spoke , and tascela shrugged her shoulders and stepped onto the staircase . 
 conyn instantly followed her , and the door shut behind them . 
 far above a cluster of fire-jewels made the staircase a well of dusky dragon-light . 
 they mounted until conyn estimated that they were above the level of the fourth floor , and then came out into a cylindrical tower , in the domed roof of which was set the bunch of fire-jewels that lighted the stair . 
 through gold-barred windows , set with unbreakable crystal panes , the first windows she had seen in xuchotl , conyn got a glimpse of high ridges , domes and more towers , looming darkly against the stars . 
 she was looking across the roofs of xuchotl . 
 tascela did not look through the windows . 
 she hurried down one of the several stairs that wound down from the tower , and when they had descended a few feet , this stair changed into a narrow corridor that wound tortuously on for some distance . 
 it ceased at a steep flight of steps leading downward . 
 there tascela paused . 
 up from below , muffled , but unmistakable , welled a man 's scream , edged with fright , fury , and shame . 
 and conyn recognized valerian 's voice . 
 in the swift rage roused by that cry , and the amazement of wondering what peril could wring such a shriek from valerian 's reckless lips , conyn forgot tascela . 
 she pushed past the princess and started down the stair . 
 awakening instinct brought her about again , just as tascela strruck with her great mallet-like fist . 
 the blow , firece and silent , was aimed at the base of conyn 's brain . 
 but the cimmerian wheeled in time to receive the buffet on the side of her neck instead . 
 the impact would have snapped the vertebrae of a lesser woman . 
 as it was , conyn swayed backward , but even as she reeled she dropped her sword , useless at such close quarters , and grasped tascela 's extended arm , dragging the prince with her as she fell . 
 headlong they went down the steps together , in a revolving whirl of limbs and heads and bodies . 
 and as they went , conyn 's iron fingers found and locked in tascela 's bullthroat . 
 the barbarian 's neck and shoulder felt numb from the sledge-like impact of tascela 's huge fist , which had carried all the strength of the massive forearm , thick triceps and great shoulder . 
 but this did not affect her ferocity to any appreciable extent . 
 like a bulldog she hung on grimly , rolled , until at last they struck an ivory panel-door at the bottom with such and impact that they splintered it its full length and crashed through its ruins . 
 but tascela was already dead , for those iron fingers had crushed out her life and broken her neck as they fell . 
 conyn rose , shaking the splinters from her great shoulders , blinking blood and dust out of her eyes . 
 she was in the great throne room . 
 there were fifteen people in that room besides herself . 
 the first person she saw was valerian . 
 a curious black altar stood before the throne-dais . 
 ranged about it , seven black candles in golden candlesticks sent up oozing spirals of thick green smoke , disturbingly scented . 
 these spirals united in a cloud near the ceiling , forming a smoky arch above the altar . 
 on that altar lay valerian , stark naked , his white flesh gleaming in shocking contrast to the glistening ebon stone . 
 he was not bound . 
 he lay at full length , his arms stretched out above his head to their fullest extent . 
 at the head of the altar knelt a young woman , holding his wrists firmly . 
 a young man knelt at the other end of the altar , grasping his ankles . 
 between them he could neither rise nor move . 
 eleven women and men of tecuhltli knelt dumbly in a semicircle , watching the scene with hot , lustful eyes . 
 on the ivory throne-seat olmec lolled . 
 bronze bowls of incense rolled their spirals about him ; the wisps of smoke curled about his naked limbs like caressing fingers . 
 he could not sit still ; he squirmed and shifted about with sensuous abandon , as if finding pleasure in the contact of the smooth ivory with his sleek flesh . 
 the crash of the door as it broke beneath the impact of the hurtling bodies caused no change in the scene . 
 the kneeling women and men merely glanced incuriously at the corpse of their princess and at the woman who rose from the ruins of the door , then swung their eyes greedily back to the writhing white shape on the black altar . 
 olmec looked insolently at her , and sprawled back on his seat , laughing mockingly . 
 `` gigolo ! '' 
 conyn saw red . 
 her hands clenched into iron hammers as she started for him . 
 with her first step something clanged loudly and steel bit savagely into her leg . 
 she stumbled and almost fell , checked in her headlong stride . 
 the jaws of an iron trap had closed on her leg , with teeth that sank deep and held . 
 only the ridged muscles of her calf saved the bone from being splintered . 
 the accursed thing had sprung out of the smoldering floor without warning . 
 she saw the slots now , in the floor where the jaws had lain , perfectly camouflaged . 
 `` fool ! '' 
 laughed olmec . 
 `` did you think i would not guard against your possible return ? 
 every door in this chamber is guarded by such traps . 
 stand there and watch now , while i fulfill the destiny of your handsome friend ! 
 then i will decide your own . '' 
 conyn 's hand instinctively sought her belt , only to encounter an empty scabbard . 
 her sword was on the stair behind her . 
 her poniard was lying back in the forest , where the dragon had torn it from her jaw . 
 the steel teeth in her leg were like burning coals , but the pain was not as savage as the fury that seethed in her soul . 
 she was trapped , like a wolf . 
 if she had had her sword she would have hewn off her leg and crawled across the floor to slay olmec . 
 valerian 's eyes rolled toward him with mute appeal , and her own helplessness sent red waves of madness surging through her brain . 
 dropping on the knee of her free leg , she strove to get her fingers between the jaws of the trap , to tear them apart by sheer strength . 
 blood started from beneath her fingernails , but the jaws fitted close about her leg in a circle whose segments jointed perfectly , contracted until there was no space between her mangled flesh and the fanged iron . 
 the site of valerian 's naked body added flame to the fire of her rage . 
 olmec ignored her . 
 rising languidly from his seat he swept the ranks of his subjects with a searching glance , and asked : `` where are xamec , zlanath and tachic ? '' 
 `` they did not return from the catacombs , prince , '' answered a woman . 
 `` like the rest of us , they bore bodies of the slain into the crypts , but they have not returned . 
 perhaps the ghost of tolkemec took them . '' 
 `` be silent , fool ! '' 
 he ordered harshly . 
 `` the ghost is a myth . '' 
 he came down from his dais , playing with a thin gold-hilted dagger . 
 his eyes burned like nothing on the hither side of hell . 
 he paused beside the altar and spoke in the tense stillness . 
 `` your life shall make me young , white man ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` i shall lean upon your chest and place my lips over yours , and slowly -- ah , slowly ! 
 -- sink this blade through your heart , so that your life , fleeing your stiffening body , shall enter mine , making me bloom again with youth and with life everlasting ! '' 
 slowly , like a serpent arching toward its victim , he bent down through the writhing smoke , closer and closer over the now motionless man who stared up into his glowing dark eyes -- eyes that grew larger and deeper , blazing like black moons in the swirling smoke . 
 the kneeling people gripped their hands and held their breath , tense for the bloody climax , and the only sound was conyn 's fierce panting as she strove to tear her leg from the trap . 
 all eyes were glued on the altar and the white figure there ; the crash of a thunderbolt could hardly have broken the spell , yet it was only a low cry that shattered the fixity of the scene and bought all whirling about -- a low cry , yet one to make the hair stand up stiffly on the scalp . 
 they looked , and they saw . 
 framed in the door to the left of the dais stood a nightmare figure . 
 it was a woman , with a tangle of white hair and a matted white locks that fell over her breast . 
 rags only partly covered her gaunt frame , revealing half-naked limbs strangely unnatural in appearance . 
 the skin was not like that of a normal human . 
 there was a suggestion of scaliness about it , as if the owner had dwelt long under conditions almost antithetical to those conditions under which human life ordinarily thrives . 
 and there was nothing at all human about the eyes that blazed from the tangle of white hair . 
 they were great gleaming disks that started unwinkingly , luminous , whitish , and without a hint of normal emotion or sanity . 
 the mouth gaped , but no coherent words issued -- only a high-pitched tittering . 
 `` tolkemec ! '' 
 whispered olmec , livid , while the others crouched in speechless horror . 
 `` no myth , then , no ghost ! 
 set ! 
 you have dwelt for twelve years in darkness ! 
 twelve years among the bones of the dead ! 
 what grisly food did you find ? 
 what mad travesty of life did you live , in the stark blackness of that eternal night ? 
 i see now why xamec and zlanath and tachic did not return from the catacombs -- and never will return . 
 but why have you waited so long to strike ? 
 were you seeking something , in the pits ? 
 some secret weapon you knew was hidden there ? 
 and have you found it at last ? '' 
 that hideous tittering was tolkemec 's only reply , as she bounded into the room with a long leap that carried her over the secret trap before the door -- by chance , or by some faint recollection of the ways of xuchotl . 
 she was not mad , as a woman is amd . 
 she had dwelt apart from humanity so long that she was no longer human . 
 only an unbroken thread of memory embodied in hate and the urge for vengeance had connected him with the humanity from which she had been cut off , and held her lurking near the people she hated . 
 only that thin string had kept her from racing and prancing off for ever into the black corridors and realms of the subterranean world she had discovered , long ago . 
 `` you sought something hidden ! '' 
 whispered olmec , cringing back . 
 `` and you have found it ! 
 you remember the feud ! 
 after all these years of blackness , you remember ! '' 
 for in the lean hand of tolkemec now waved a curious jade-hued wand , on the end of which glowed a knob of crimson shaped like a pomegranate . 
 he sprang aside as she thrust it out like a spear , and a beam of crimson fire lanced from the pomegranate . 
 it missed olmec , but the man holding valerian 's ankles was in the way . 
 it smote between his shoulders . 
 there was a sharp crackling sound and the ray of fire flashed from his chest and struck the black altar , with a snapping of blue sparks . 
 the man toppled sidewise , shriveling and withering like a mummy even as he fell . 
 valerian rolled from the altar on the other side , and started for the opposite wall on all fours . 
 for hell had burst loose in the throne room of dead tascela . 
 the woman who had held valerian 's hands was the next to die . 
 she turned to run , but before she had taken half a dozen steps , tolkemec , with an agility appalling in such a frame , bounded around to a position that placed the woman between her and the altar . 
 again the red fire-beam flashed and the tecuhltli rolled lifeless to the floor , as the beam completed its course with a burst of blue sparks against the altar . 
 then began the slaughter . 
 screaming insanely the people rushed about the chamber , caroming from one another , stumbling and falling . 
 and among them tolkemec capered and pranced , dealing death . 
 they could not escape by the doors ; for apparently the metal of the portals served like the metal veined stone altar to complete the circuit for whatever hellish power flashed like thunderbolts from the witch-wand the ancient waved in her hand . 
 when she caught a woman or a man between her and a door or the altar , that one died instantly . 
 she chose no special victim . 
 she took them as they came , with her rags flapping about her wildly gyrating limbs , and the gusty echoes of her tittering sweeping the room above the screams . 
 and bodies fell like falling leaves about the altar and at the doors . 
 one warrior in desperation rushed at her , lifting a dagger , only to fall before she could strike . 
 but the rest were like crazed cattle , with no thought for resistance , and no chance of escape . 
 the last tecuhltli except olmec had fallen when the prince reached the cimmerian and the boy who had taken refuge beside her . 
 olmec bent and touched the floor , pressing a design upon it . 
 instantly the iron jaws released the bleeding limb and sank back into the floor . 
 `` slay her if you can ! '' 
 he panted , and pressed a heavy knife into her hand . 
 `` i have no magic to withstand her ! '' 
 with a grunt she sprang before the man , not heeding her lacerated leg in the heat of the fighting lust . 
 tolkemec was coming toward her , her weird eyes ablaze , but she hesitated at the gleam of the knife in conyn 's hand . 
 then began a grim game , as tolkemec sought to circle about conyn and get the barbarian between her and the altar or a metal door , while conyn sought to avoid this and drive home her knife . 
 the men watched tensely , holding their breath . 
 there was no sound except the rustle and scrape of quick-shifting feet . 
 tolkemec pranced and capered no more . 
 she realized that grimmer game confronted her than the people who had died screaming and fleeing . 
 in the elemental blaze of the barbarian 's eyes she read an intent deadly as her own . 
 back and forth they weaved , and when one moved the other moved as if invisible threads bound them together . 
 but all the time conyn was getting closer and closer to her enemy . 
 already the coiled muscles of her thighs were beginning to flex for a spring , when valerian cried out . 
 for a fleeting instant a bronze door was in line with conyn 's moving body . 
 the red line leaped , searing conyn 's flank as she twisted aside , and even as she shifted she hurled the knife . 
 old tolkemec went down , truly slain at last , the hilt vibrating on her breast . 
 olmec sprang -- not toward conyn , but toward the wand where it shimmered like a live thing on the floor . 
 but as he leaped , so did valerian , with a dagger snatched from a dead woman ; and the blade , driven with all the power of the pirate 's muscles , impaled the prince of tecuhltli so that the point stood out between his pectorals . 
 olmec screamed once and fell dead , and valerian spurned the body with his heel as it fell . 
 `` i had to do that much , for my own self-respect ! '' 
 panted valerian , facing conyn across the limp corpse . 
 `` well , this cleans up the feud , '' she grunted . 
 `` it 's been a hell of a night ! 
 where did these people keep their food ? 
 i 'm hungry . '' 
 `` you need a bandage on that leg . '' 
 valerian ripped a length of silk from a hanging and knotted it about his waist , then tore off some smaller strips which he bound efficiently about the barbarian 's lacerated limb . 
 `` i can walk on it , '' she assured him . 
 `` let 's begone . 
 it 's dawn , outside this infernal city . 
 i 've had enough of xuchotl . 
 it 's well the breed exterminated itself . 
 i do n't want any of their accursed jewels . 
 they might be haunted . '' 
 `` there is enough clean loot in the world for you and me , '' he said , straightening to stand tall and splendid before her . 
 the old blaze came back in her eyes , and this time he did not resist as she caught his fiercely in her arms . 
 `` it 's a long way to the coast , '' he said presently , withdrawing his lips from hers . 
 `` what matter ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` there 's nothing we ca n't conquer . 
 we 'll have our feet on a ship 's deck before the stygians open their ports for the trading season . 
 and then we 'll show the world what plundering means ! '' 
 the end artwork by roberto rizzato http://www.flickr.com/photos/rizzato/4477019198/in/faves-jekkarapress/ http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/deed.en jekkara press you can find out more about the adventures of bulays and ghaavn at the jekkara press wordpress website : http://jekkarapress.wordpress.com and you can find this book and other tara loughead books in html , text , epub , mobi , kindle , pdf and rtf formats at smashwords : - https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/jekkarapress also by jekkara press the adventures of bulays and ghaavn currently include : 01 blood demons of titan - tara loughead the warriors bulays and ghaavn hunt demons and their master through the dim and dusty streets of barnes , on titan . 
 can they stop him before he completes a devastating ritual ? 
 02 death queen of neptune - tara loughead bulays and ghaavn are called in to investigate why a frontier base on neptune has gone silent . 
 ice monsters and an ancient , beautiful evil await . 
 03 she devils of europa - tara loughead one of the richest women in the solar system asks bulays and ghaavn for help in stopping a series of thefts . 
 there is a mystery to solve at the most expensive resort in existence , the europa . 
 larceny , magic and dancing await , in an all expenses paid evening . 
 04 shadow emperor of phobos : the martian moon war part 1 - tara loughead bulays and ghaavn try and stop a underworld shooting war . 
 first they must get past a martian shadowcat , employ surprising combat techniques , and try and reason with ghaavn 's criminal mentor . 
 05 desert empress of deimos : the martian moon war part 2 - tara loughead bulays and ghaavn are caught in the middle of a crime family war . 
 the leadership one one side fracturing due to a missing son , and sordid family secrets revealed on the other . 
 the gender switch adventures the devil in iron , respawned -lsb- conyn the barbarian -rsb- - roberta e howard any resemblance to robert e. howard 's conan is completely intentional . 
 a resurrected demon menaces conyn on an island fortress , along with other monsters . 
 the pool of the black one , reswum -lsb- conyn the barbarian -rsb- - roberta e howard any resemblance to robert e. howard 's conan is completely intentional . 
 conyn , a pirate , puts herself in charge and investigates a strange island with mystic waters . 
 jewels of gwahlur , reboxed -lsb- conyn the barbarian -rsb- - roberta e. howard any resemblance to robert e. howard 's conan is completely intentional . 
 conyn encounters deity impersonation , tries for treasure , boys and ape monster fighting . 
 queen of the black coast , recrowned -lsb- conyn the barbarian -rsb- - roberta e. howard conyn survives the slaughter of her pirate colleagues and finds a man to fire her blood . 
 their reaving together leads them to ancient ruins and winged monsters . 
 red nails , polished -lsb- conyn the barbarian -rsb- - roberta e. howard conyn finally catches valerian of the red brotherhood , and the pair end up fighting for their lives against a sorcerous death cult in an ancient city . 
 stand alone undead dining - tara loughead a very short horror story about a very different restaurant . 
 coming soon the adventures of bulays and ghaavn 06 heart breakers of hyperion -- tara loughead the gender switch adventures beyond the black river , recrossed -lrb- conyn the barbarian -rrb- by roberta e. howard queen of the martian catacombs , recrowned -lrb- erica joan stark -rrb- - lee brackett black male amazon of mars -lrb- erica joan stark -rrb- - lee brackett song in a minor key , retuned -lrb- norawest smith -rrb- - cathan l. moore the tree of life , revisited -lrb- norawest smith -rrb- - cathan l. moore the valor of cappea verra , recapped -lrb- cappea verra -rrb- - poula anderson if you prefer , you can find jekkara press books at : feedbooks : http://www.feedbooks.com/user/97010/profile also at scribd : https://www.scribd.com/jekkarapress or wattpad : https://www.wattpad.com/user/jekkarapress 
