 creyson parthy & the trojan attack published by paul richard bailey at smashwords copyright 2013 paul richard bailey this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 chapter one ` valiros ' in all my life , i had never known the mighty lights that illuminated valiros to fail ; it was unthinkable . 
 nevertheless there i stood , engulfed by darkness . 
 the lights were designed to fade to a subtle glow at night and brighten to full beam every morning ; they were constant and dependable . 
 despite the fact it was still early in the day , the lights had n't faded , they 'd simply gone out . 
 it was as if someone had left the room and flicked a switch . 
 i did n't move a muscle as i waited . 
 a loud clunk , followed by a strange whooshing sound , and the lights began to power back up , flooding the land with their dazzling rays . 
 i breathed a sigh , before continuing on my journey . 
 i assumed someone , somewhere had made a mistake ; pressed the wrong button . 
 no doubt they would receive a rather stern reprimand my name is creyson parthy . 
 during my one cycle and eleven phases in this world , i 'd managed to live seven hundred and two days of an unremarkable life . 
 on day seven hundred and three , everything changed . 
 this day started as most . 
 the lights came on ; the population went about their business , and life continued in its normal , organised way . 
 we had no way of knowing that the failing lights were a prelude to something far more dangerous , or that this particular day was the beginning of the trojan attack . 
 i was walking to meet my friend benton , before work , at the hillside on the edge of my old village . 
 he was unhappy as he 'd received his order of enrolment into the military . 
 benton was a self-inflicted outcast ; convinced that people did n't like him . 
 he was socially awkward , veered towards the negative , and struggled to develop friendships . 
 we both knew this day was inevitable , but its arrival would take benton to a whole new level of unhappiness . 
 he stood at the top of the hill looking as low-spirited as i expected . 
 i would n't have been surprised if it was his overwhelming sadness that consumed the lights , and caused the sudden darkness that submerged the field . 
 benton offered a half-hearted attempt at a wave , barely lifting his hand above waist level . 
 i returned the gesture with slightly more enthusiasm . 
 we 'd grown up together , and our friendship was based on a mutual understanding of what it was like to be different . 
 he was the pessimist , and i was the optimist ; both challenging the other to see the world differently . 
 i 'd learnt to hide my peculiarities far better than benton had , by accepting society 's rules . 
 his lack of acceptance caused his oddities to stand out like a tone-deaf singer in a pitch perfect choir . 
 `` hello crey , '' he welcomed in a miserable voice . 
 as a vacuum sucks dirt from a grimy rug , benton sucks cheerfulness from a joyful person . 
 his clothes were shabby , his long hair was unkempt , and dark rings circled his eyes , symptomatic of a restless night 's sleep . 
 we shared pleasantries and caught up with gossip ; both completely avoiding the topic of his new appointment . 
 eventually we stopped talking and flopped on the ground . 
 relaxing , and using our hands as headrests , we both lay on the soft grass transfixed on the black and silver sphere that encased our home world . 
 `` what do you reckon 's out there ? '' 
 puzzled benton . 
 `` amazing winged creatures that soar in the skies , '' i replied . 
 `` cities twice the size of anything we 've seen . 
 aliens with purple hair and four legs . '' 
 `` crey ... '' `` countless civilisations all living in other bubbles . '' 
 `` but you 'll never know . 
 you 'll never know if there 's flying creatures or four legged aliens . '' 
 `` but i can imagine . '' 
 `` forget imagining , crey , would n't you like to know what 's out there ? '' 
 `` that 's dangerous talk benton . 
 if the council heard you speaking like that , they 'd lock you up . '' 
 we both shared the same fascination . 
 as infants , we 'd spent countless days and nights on the rolling hills less than a hundred paces from our village of danton , imagining the unimaginable . 
 benton sighed . 
 `` once i start my new duties , i 'll probably find out . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry benton . 
 but you never know , you may like the military . '' 
 `` doubt it . '' 
 `` you 're going to see things , discover things that i never will . '' 
 `` i 'm going to be condemned to spend the rest of my life alone under the service of the high darlon council . 
 you ca n't understand what that 's like . '' 
 i was trying to perk him up , but i knew as well as he did , nobody wanted to be forced to join the military . 
 we fell silent and looked up at the sphere . 
 it encompassed all of valiros ; once condemning the land to perpetual darkness , until the creation of the artificial lighting . 
 over the cycles , there 'd been numerous expeditions to crack the surface and venture beyond its boundaries , none of them had been successful . 
 as far as the general population was concerned , the world outside of our own was a mystery , an unanswerable question that stirred debate within valiron society . 
 even members of the high darlon council claimed ignorance . 
 `` i think the bubble is there to stop us from getting out , '' scoffed benton . 
 `` or maybe it 's there to stop something else from getting in . '' 
 `` either way , the government are lying to us . '' 
 `` if they are , it 's probably for our own good . '' 
 `` i 'd rather join the veils than the military . '' 
 `` now that 's even more dangerous . 
 they 're an outlawed group . '' 
 as with most great mysteries , it led to conspiracy theories and wild speculation . 
 it also gave birth to a group that met in the cover of night , and hid in the shadows of society , the veils . 
 benton reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a folded piece of paper . 
 he opened it and placed it on the ground , brushing his hands over the paper to smooth out the wrinkles . 
 `` look at this , '' he said , handing the sheet to me . 
 it was a simple poster with a black background and bold , white writing . 
 the writing read : unravel the mystery and expose the truth . 
 `` benton , what are you doing with this ? '' 
 `` i found it . '' 
 `` well get rid of it . '' 
 `` they 're all over lincoll . '' 
 `` i do n't care . '' 
 he snatched the poster off me and shoved it back into his pocket . 
 `` the veils know that the government are lying to us . 
 they say the military will block any attempt to break through the sphere . '' 
 `` maybe there 's a good reason . 
 how do you know whatever 's out there is n't so terrible , they have to hide the truth ? 
 or maybe there 's nothing out there at all , and this is just the veils causing trouble . '' 
 i was n't , and nor did i want to be , a follower of the veils ; but i understood their curiosity , and shared their inquisitiveness . 
 their ethos had tempted many an outcast , which is why benton would have made an ideal recruit . 
 `` they 're brave , '' he continued . 
 `` they 're brave enough to challenge the government ; to demand answers . '' 
 `` if they were that brave then they would n't keep hiding . 
 my grandfather used to call them ruffians who did n't have the faintest clue what they 're doing . '' 
 `` the veils are n't the only ones who do n't know what they 're doing , '' mumbled benton as he pulled blades of grass out of the ground . 
 `` ah , ignore me , crey . '' 
 i admit to dreaming of a world beyond my own , a place that 's filled with new sights and sounds . 
 i 'd imagined what it would be like to escape the clutches of my somewhat restrictive world and experience a freedom that valirons were not permitted . 
 but joining the veils was not the way to do it . 
 `` sometimes you have to try and see the positive side . 
 sure , valiros has got its faults , but it 's not all that bad . '' 
 `` i 'm not saying valiros is a bad place to live ; i mean , in a lot of ways it 's practically perfect . 
 if you believe the propaganda then valiros is a beautiful utopia , '' benton adopted a mockingly posh tone , `` a place of harmony , cooperation , and understanding . '' 
 `` and does n't that sound like the sort of world you want to live in ? '' 
 `` but how can you say that crime , poverty , and suffering have been obliterated ? 
 you ca n't . 
 the council would like us to believe that we all live in a state of pure contentment . '' 
 his contemptuous attitude was beginning to aggravate me . 
 `` look around you . 
 most people are . '' 
 `` i just do n't think happiness should be forced or expected . 
 how can you pass a law that demands you stay happy ? '' 
 `` happiness leads to a productive society , and a productive society is a stable one . '' 
 `` you sound like the council 's propaganda machine . '' 
 `` i 'd like to believe they 're just trying to protect what we 've built . '' 
 `` it 's not protection . 
 they 're basically outlawing free will . 
 you know , and i know , the high darlon council considers disruption a disease , an infection to be cured . '' 
 `` that 's a little harsh . '' 
 climbing to his feet , benton stared beyond the rolling hills at the valiros capital , trans central , standing proud on the horizon . 
 `` look at them , '' he spat , `` sitting in their perfect homes , living their perfect lives , all pretending to be happy because that 's what they 're told to be . 
 we look up to them because of where they live . 
 we would n't be allowed to live in the city . '' 
 the city sparkled in the radiant illumination provided by the huge candescent lights suspended from large metal tracks that ran the interior of the sphere . 
 each building was a crafted work of art embedded with hundreds of windows that glistened under the bathing luminescence . 
 the capital , as with all of valiros , was uniform in colour and style . 
 every building , door , and window was beautifully designed to complement its neighbour . 
 in the centre of the city was the high darlon council building . 
 its circular structure was the focal point of trans central , and every preceding building flowed in the same circular pattern , creating a swirl effect that caused the city to fan outwards . 
 with the use of various shades of white and grey , all the constructions blended together , combined with smooth and curving lines . 
 the architecture aimed to create a seamless appearance of almost liquid beauty . 
 valiron design rarely incorporates sharp edges such as squares or triangles , and instead favours arcs and circles . 
 even if you tried you could find no end or beginning within the city . 
 trans central was one monument , all linked together to create an appearance of complete unity ; a beacon for people to aspire . 
 as we looked on at the capital , one of the overhead lights near the edge of the city flickered ; first brightening to a dazzling white then dimming to a muddy yellow , before returning to its normal beam . 
 it was similar to the event i had experienced , only less severe . 
 benton did n't seem to notice . 
 i stood next to my friend , putting a hand on his shoulder to calm his irritation . 
 `` you can see our village from here . 
 look at it . '' 
 he switched his gaze to danton . 
 it was equally well designed and exquisitely formed , if less grand in execution . 
 `` i think danton is just as beautiful as trans central . 
 do n't you ? '' 
 `` sure ... because individual creativity is frowned upon and conformity is a way of life . '' 
 `` now you sound like a conspiracy nut . '' 
 we both laughed . 
 `` i 'm going to miss this , crey ; you and me putting the world to rights . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to miss it ... but i am going to miss you . '' 
 there was an uneasiness between us . 
 `` i 'd better go . 
 i leave this afternoon , and i still need to pack . '' 
 `` i 'll come and see you before ... before they collect you . '' 
 `` i 'd rather you did n't . '' 
 he forced a smile . 
 `` besides , then you 'll have to face zeal . '' 
 the mere mention of that girl 's name sent a shiver through my body . 
 `` good point . '' 
 `` bye crey . '' 
 we shared a brief , uncomfortable hug . 
 `` bye benton . '' 
 and with that simple farewell , he set off down the hill back to danton . 
 benton 's anger and bitterness often left me feeling gloomy , but it also made me question many of my own beliefs . 
 it 's the valiron ambition to live only for the betterment of valkind , and to achieve perfection in all that we do . 
 i 'd always tried to live by this philosophy , but if i were to listen to benton then that way of life was unattainable . 
 my world had n't always been a structured , pretty place , at least not until ` the change ' . 
 history concerning our culture prior to ` the change ' is fragmented , lost over time . 
 this has led many to theorise that darlon officials have conspired to conceal the truth from the populace ; a notion strongly rejected by the high darlon council . 
 at school , we were taught that our world was once a savage and inhospitable place , consumed by an unending darkness that bred solitude , forcing its people to live only to survive . 
 ` the change ' saw the birth of light , education ; turning an aggressive people into an enlightened one . 
 how this happened is never included in any teachings . 
 as i watched benton make his way down the hill , his shoulders slumped with the weight of his fate , i had no idea that in less than twenty-four hours , the secrets of our world would be revealed to me . 
 i would find out what lay beyond the sphere , i would discover what dangers threatened my people , and i would be forced to make choices that would not only change my future , but the future of all valirons . 
 my name is creyson parthy , and this is my story ... chapter two ` home ' `` we won , '' proclaimed mr tide as he burst through the door of the office . 
 i sat behind my desk , daydreaming while flicking through a pile of paper work that i 'd already organised twice , once alphabetically , then in date order . 
 i was bored . 
 mr tide 's large entrance startled me , and i knocked the paper work to the floor . 
 `` congratulations , sir . '' 
 i cheered as i began to collect the scattered documents . 
 mr tide frowned . 
 `` imagining other things , crey ? '' 
 `` yes sir . 
 sorry sir . '' 
 he took off his coat and threw it over the back of his chair . 
 `` waste of time . 
 what more could you want ? 
 do n't forget our slogan mr parthy . 
 a voice for the working class . 
 could you imagine a more honourable job ? '' 
 ` clint and tide ' was a small law firm just outside the city . 
 the firm dealt in minor work disputes and accidental injuries . 
 i 'm no lawyer ; my job entailed serving drinks , making appointments and running errands . 
 `` i 'm sorry sir . 
 it wo n't happen again . '' 
 i put the disorganised paper work back on my desk . 
 he collapsed into his seat and began to tap the computer keyboard . 
 `` what 's wrong with this thing ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 've been trying to get them on all morning , but none of the computers are working . '' 
 `` well that 's unusual . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 he leaned back on his chair , and i heard the squeak of springs as they resisted his weight . 
 `` crey , when mr clint and i started this firm , do you think we would have been successful if we 'd allowed our imagination to overrule our senses ? '' 
 `` no sir . '' 
 mr clint retired shortly after i started working for the company , but mr tide seemed to be defying the test of time . 
 i suspected he 'd work until the day he died . 
 after less than one phase in the job i quickly learned my employer placed little credence in the company slogan personally , and was more focused on the jobs that paid . 
 regardless , he did represent the ` unimportant people ' , and through either talent or pure luck , won most of his cases against corporate companies . 
 i always tried to be enthusiastic and polite , but i found the job tedious and dull , often going through the motions while dreaming of a more exciting life . 
 `` you could go far , crey , '' mr tide spluttered . 
 `` knuckle down , stay focused , and in a few cycles you could be where i am , provided you put a stop to your pointless imaginings . '' 
 `` but sir , '' i contested , `` surely there 's nothing wrong with imagining new things , and trying to be more than you are . '' 
 `` we all strive to be more than we are , '' he agreed , `` but it 's equally important to know your limitations . '' 
 i found his advice disheartening . 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 `` there is n't much going on , and the computers are n't working , so why do n't you go home ? 
 take the rest of the afternoon off , and i 'll see you bright and early tomorrow morning . '' 
 `` thank you sir . '' 
 i picked up my coat and bag , and began to leave when mr tide 's phone started to ring . 
 he answered it in his usual enthusiastic manner . 
 `` hello . 
 clint and tide , a voice for the working class . 
 mr tide speaking , how can i help you ? '' 
 there was a short pause as he listened . 
 i saw his face drop . 
 `` the high darlon council ... ? 
 yes , mr parthy works ... hang on . '' 
 he looked at me . 
 `` off you go , creyson . '' 
 curious as to the mention of my name , i left the office , gently closing the door behind me . 
 i 'd left danton one phase earlier . 
 i now lived in a compact habitable unit on the outer limits of trans central . 
 i was extremely fortunate to have a dwelling so close to the capital . 
 most valirons lived in the many communal villages far beyond the umbrella of the city . 
 valiros has a strict class division . 
 this does n't simply include your heritage or wealth , but also your physical location . 
 where you live indicates your work and social position within the social order . 
 in essence , the closer to the city you live the higher status you hold . 
 the main city habitable units are reserved for the higher classes such as government officials , and military hierarchy . 
 i was none of these . 
 i 'd inherited my unit from my grandfather who had worked as an aid to the high darlon council . 
 his position entitled him to certain benefits , one of which was a modest unit on the edge of the city border . 
 just before his passing , he bestowed his home to me , and i was more than happy to take responsibility of his humble estate . 
 no-one questioned the decision or demanded the unit be vacated , so i 'd not raised the issue . 
 my grandfather was a proud individual . 
 he often appeared detached , sometimes downright impolite , but he had a generous heart that had been hardened by the traumatic journey my family had travelled over the cycles . 
 he lost his life partner -lrb- my grandmother -rrb- only half a cycle after their bonding ceremony . 
 her illness was quick and painless but unexpected . 
 since then he 'd lived an isolated existence . 
 the disappearance of his daughter -lrb- my mother -rrb- half a cycle ago had not helped his disposition . 
 the day my grandfather died , he called me to his bedside . 
 although the lights above still shone bright , the day was a dark one . 
 nurses flitted back and forth , plumping pillows , changing medication , all in an attempt to make the aged valiron comfortable . 
 their presence seemed to annoy him ; he never did like a fuss being made . 
 `` crey , '' he beckoned , his voice weak and frail . 
 wanting to appear strong , for his sake more than mine , i wiped my tears and feigned a smile . 
 `` you need to rest , '' i encouraged . 
 `` plenty of time for rest , creyson . '' 
 `` can i get you anything ? '' 
 i wanted so much to ease his discomfort . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 he winced in pain . 
 `` all i need you to do is listen . '' 
 `` i really think you should rest . '' 
 `` listen . 
 it 's your responsibility , crey . '' 
 `` what is ? '' 
 one nurse was drawing the curtains while another was flicking through his medication chart . 
 `` ca n't i get a little privacy ? '' 
 they smiled at him but did n't leave . 
 `` they 're just doing their job , grandfather . '' 
 `` you always were the diplomat . '' 
 a brutal cough stole his breath . 
 `` i pray i 've prepared you for what lies ahead . '' 
 `` you 've raised me well . 
 do n't worry . '' 
 `` my dear crey , i 'm not talking about ... . '' 
 he slid himself further up the bed pushing his back against the pillows . 
 leaning on his elbows , he lifted his body towards mine . 
 `` our world is a perilous place . 
 your faith and trust shelters you from seeing the truth . 
 you 're innocent , and that is your weakness , but your imagination can be your saviour . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` once i 've passed , they will begin their plan . 
 i 've protected your identity , but the day may soon arrive when great demands are made of you . 
 remember my teachings . 
 trust no-one , especially him . 
 he 'll try to be your friend , mislead you , but his only alliance is to the darkness . '' 
 another cough . 
 he shuffled back down the bed , rested his head on the pillow , and took my hand in his . 
 `` remember this ; speak and be heard , creyson parthy . 
 speak and be heard . 
 it 's the only way to save us . '' 
 he squeezed my hand a little tighter . 
 `` all that i have is yours . '' 
 his grip released , he closed his eyes and drifted away . 
 the final member of my family had gone . 
 i was alone . 
 i did n't understand his final words , and there was n't a chance to ask to whom he was referring . 
 i attributed his strange ramblings to his ill health combined with powerful medication ; but it did appear his final wish was for me to inherit his possessions , and that also included his modest home . 
 when i say modest , what i actually mean is small , really small . 
 the efficient unit consisted of one sleeping cubicle , a cooking compartment , a minute cleaning booth , and a main living area . 
 minimalism was a running theme . 
 clutter leads to mess , mess leads to disorganisation . 
 a tidy appearance is compulsory , comfort an indulgence . 
 the walls were white and bare except for a single framed , written passage that hung on the wall in the living area . 
 it was my grandfather 's favourite proverb , written more than twenty cycles ago by one of our greatest literary minds , haldon franz . 
 the passage read ; `` a dream for one can be a dream for many . 
 if i dream of a new future , could i imagine a new present ? 
 one dream can be forgotten , two can be ignored . 
 but if there were four then six , they should never be discounted . 
 a dream for one can be a dream for all . '' 
 these words meant little to me , but my grandfather held them close to his heart . 
 he would often quote the passage to me before i slept . 
 this particular passage was one of haldon franz 's less popular , mainly because it suggested following your dreams , which is far too illogical for a valiron . 
 i walked through my front door , slipped off my coat , hung it on the coat rack , and dumped my workbag on the floor . 
 the unit was silent . 
 it still did n't feel quite like home , it felt as if i was just visiting , and at any moment my grandfather would burst through the door moaning about this and that . 
 it was strange to be home in the middle of the day . 
 the mid-afternoon light poured through the small living area window flooding the room with its stark , almost clinical rays . 
 i changed out of my grey suit , hanging it neatly back in my wardrobe , and put on a fresh pair of grey slacks , and a white , fluffy jumper that made me feel warm and cosy . 
 not wanting to waste the afternoon , i had a little spruce around the unit , changing the bed , dusting the living area , emptying the bins , and clearing out-of-date food from the cupboards . 
 i tied up a bag of rubbish and carried it to the disposal container at the rear of the property . 
 my small , usually well-kept , garden had overgrown slightly . 
 i 'd neglected it over the past phase . 
 as well as potted flowers , a small table and chairs , and one wilting fruit tree , the garden also housed yet another of valiros ' most guarded secrets . 
 the trojan device . 
 the trojan was an ugly hunk of metal that seemed to fight against all that valiros strived to be . 
 there were no smooth edges , no arcs or circles . 
 the device was obviously never intended to be beautiful , and nor did it pretend to be . 
 they were considered unattractive pieces of equipment that constantly ruined the suave appearance of the landscape . 
 the device stood at over three metres tall , dominating the ground that surrounded it . 
 creepy , angular shadows were cast in all directions . 
 layers of triangular jagged metal overlapped to create a terrifying , spiky cocoon shape that all amassed to a sharp single point at its top . 
 there were thousands of the contraptions scattered throughout valiros doing nothing except being unsightly . 
 i lifted the lid on the disposal container and dumped the rubbish inside . 
 before returning to the unit , i stood and stared at the device . 
 i 'd often considered covering the monstrosity from view , but this was unwise considering the so-called ` importance ' of the unsightly apparatus . 
 as others had discovered , any attempt to hide , disturb , or hinder the trojan would lead to severe punishment at the hands of the trojan keepers , an assembly of individuals dedicated to the preservation of the hideous devices . 
 they were above the military , and beyond the reach of the government ; they were an untouchable group shrouded in even more secrecy . 
 those who have challenged the keepers or interfered with the trojans have been taken to correctional facilities never to be heard from again . 
 i suspected these stories may have been invented in an attempt to ensure the trojans ' ambiguity , but i was n't willing to take the risk . 
 a tiny green light flashed at the trojan 's tip . 
 i could n't remember noticing it before , not that i 'd given the device that much attention . 
 i did n't know what the trojan device actually was , and totally clueless as to its purpose . 
 of course , there were many theories , or rather myths , concerning the trojan devices . 
 one of the most popular of these was that the trojans played a part in ` the change ' ; how or why was never made clear . 
 the high darlon council had no official statement or position , so speculation was rife . 
 personally i did n't care where they 'd come from , i just wished one of them was n't sitting in the middle of my previously well-maintained , pretty garden . 
 i walked into the cooking compartment and flicked the switch down on the kettle . 
 after a couple of minutes , i realised the water was n't boiling . 
 i pressed my hand gently on its side to test the temperature , but it remained cold . 
 i flicked the switch several more times before checking it was connected to the wall socket . 
 i was baffled . 
 first , the failing lights , then the computers in the office , and now the kettle . 
 suddenly i heard the bubbling sound of boiling water and the hiss of steam spurting from the spout . 
 `` that 's weird , '' i said to the kettle . 
 i made myself a soothing hot drink and walked out of the cooking compartment . 
 i 'd just sat down on the sofa ready to catch up with the day 's events on the viewing terminal , when suddenly there came three mighty knocks on my front door . 
 chapter three ` the offer ' i swung the door open with a smile , ready to welcome whoever had knocked so sturdily . 
 my smile vanished , and i stood flabbergasted staring at minister drake . 
 with the exception of my grandfather , i had no ties to the government , or any high power organisation for that matter , so the last thing i expected to find when i answered my front door was the high darlon council 's public representative staring back at me . 
 `` good morning , '' minster drake said in a slow , drawling tone . 
 `` is this the unit of talsen trent ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 no . 
 it was . 
 sorry . 
 he passed away a phase ago . 
 i live here now . '' 
 my initial thought was ` this is it . 
 pack your bags they 're kicking you out . ' 
 i was almost certain he 'd come to order me to vacate the unit . 
 `` so you 're talsen trent 's grandson , creyson parthy ? '' 
 `` erm , yes ? '' 
 i sounded like i was asking a question rather than answering one . 
 `` excellent , '' was his delighted response . 
 `` i 'm minister drake , public representative for the high darlon council . '' 
 drake was tall and lean . 
 he carried himself with an air of self-confidence , almost an arrogant superiority that is often unseen in valirons . 
 his mustard coloured suit was crisp and immaculate , but it hung off his slender frame making the tailored outfit look slightly scruffy . 
 his features were sharp and pointed , and his skin almost grey . 
 his dull granite face appeared so stern i doubted he was even capable of a smile . 
 but it was far more than just the minister 's appearance that made him stand out in a crowd . 
 his voice , in my opinion , sounded ... odd . 
 drake spoke like a valiron attempting to sound like a native , as if he were acting out a role and the script was foreign to him . 
 every word that escaped his mouth seemed peculiar ; only subtle things , a slight mispronunciation here , the wrong intonation there ; and i 'm almost certain i saw concentration in drake 's face when he spoke . 
 why someone so different from the masses would be assigned the position of public representative was beyond me . 
 in comparison , i was your average valiron . 
 standing at just under a metre and a half in height with straight , dark brown hair that flopped over my forehead ; round , plump features ; a reddish glow to my skin ; a stocky frame that filled the clothes i wore ; and a cheery smile that was practically a permanent feature . 
 always ready to apologies ; assured but never conceited . 
 all of this made me a typical depiction of my people . 
 `` i do hope this is n't a bad time ? '' 
 `` actually , i was just getting ready to watch ... '' i stopped . 
 you do n't tell a member of the council you 're too busy to speak . 
 `` no sir , not a bad time at all . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 this was followed by an awkward silence . 
 we both stood unmoving for what felt like an eternity , but i 'm sure in reality was only a few seconds . 
 this was the first time i 'd met minister drake in person , and i was taken aback by his daunting appearance . 
 i always knew the public representative was tall , but i was n't prepared for him to be a giant . 
 he was an imposing figure standing at nearly two metres , possibly taller . 
 although i 'd seen him on the viewing terminal , nothing could have prepared me for the genuine article . 
 thankfully , minster drake broke the silence . 
 `` may i come inside ? '' 
 i kicked myself for not having invited the minister into my home . 
 it was a terrible lack of courtesy , and i was mortified by my tardy hospitality . 
 `` oh , erm ... of course , yes . '' 
 i stammered , attempting to hide my embarrassment . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i 'm ... i 'm a little surprised , sir ... not in a bad way , just well ... surprised . '' 
 i needed to shut up . 
 `` please , wo n't you come in ? '' 
 my face was more than a red glow by now . 
 i moved to one side and gestured the minster to enter . 
 `` mind your head . '' 
 even as the words escaped my mouth , i regretted them . 
 drake frowned . 
 `` thank you for the advice . '' 
 having limitations was one thing , pointing them out was rude ; my second mistake . 
 no doubt the minister was well aware of his shortcomings . 
 forgive the pun . 
 my ceilings were n't especially low ; in fact , they were a standard height , but at that moment my unit felt like a toy house . 
 i wondered how many times the minister had heard the phrase ` mind your head ' . 
 drake ducked under the doorway , which led straight into the living area . 
 `` you have a delightful home . '' 
 `` thank you , sir . '' 
 `` very ... tidy . '' 
 `` i just cleaned . '' 
 i did n't know why i told him that . 
 although there was adequate head room for any normal valiron , minster drake remained slightly hunched to prevent his head brushing against the ceiling . 
 i observed the minister 's rather uncomfortable posture . 
 `` would you care to sit down ? '' 
 i asked , motioning to a snug chair loaded with grey and white pillows . 
 i was n't entirely sure he was going to fit . 
 minster drake was clearly relieved by the offer . 
 throwing the cushions to the floor , he squeezed himself into the tiny seat . 
 it was almost comical . 
 `` thank you , mr parthy . '' 
 i forced a ` you 're welcome ' smile and then took a seat opposite the public representative . 
 as i stared at him , my dreaded imagination sprang to life . 
 what if he was n't valiron ? 
 but if he was n't valiron then what was he ? 
 who was he ? 
 perhaps he was sent to infiltrate the government , or perhaps he was created in a lab in an experiment to test the boundaries of genetics . 
 i snapped out of my imaginary landscape and i scolded myself for having such ridiculous notions . 
 my people are logical and rarely give in to whimsical thoughts . 
 my imagination had landed me in several sticky situations in the past . 
 overtime , i 'd learned to subdue my inventive mind and blend into society , but minister drake was unable to hide his differences . 
 i sympathised with him ; going through life knowing he looked and spoke so differently from everyone else must have been difficult . 
 `` mr parthy ? '' 
 the minster asked , visibly concerned . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 `` you were staring . '' 
 `` i am ? 
 i mean , i was ? '' 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 i recovered quickly . 
 `` no . 
 nothing at all . 
 drink ? 
 as in , would you care for one ? 
 the kettle 's just boiled . '' 
 the minister seemed to deliberate the question in his mind before answering . 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said , grabbing my mug and taking a quick gulp of my own lukewarm beverage . 
 there was yet another awkward silence , but this time it was broken by an all too familiar sound . 
 a roaring blast vibrated through the unit . 
 i 'd heard the sound thousands of times before , but i was already tense in present company ; i almost jumped out of my skin . 
 the trojan device had activated as it did six times a day , every day ; regular as clockwork . 
 the deafening clatter and vibration was a combination of thousands of trojan devices the length and breadth of valiros activating at the same time . 
 my heart began to pump faster . 
 most people had learned to ignore the disturbing racket that literally caused the floor to tremble beneath their feet , but i felt different . 
 the sound resembled a heavy piece of machinery being forcibly dragged across the roof of my home , and the tremors felt as if they were capable of ripping our little world apart . 
 one of the problems with having an active imagination is it sometimes takes you to a dark place of fear and panic . 
 when i was small these events had terrified me , and my mother often found me hiding under the bed or cowering in a corner . 
 she explained that the trojans could n't hurt me , but it was difficult to believe her when it felt as if our unit was falling down around our ears . 
 `` they keep us safe , '' my mother once told me `` that 's all you need to know . '' 
 after less than twenty seconds , the devices deactivated , and the unit was plunged back into the previous awkward silence . 
 i was n't sure which state i preferred . 
 `` are you well mr parthy ? '' 
 asked the minister with yet more genuine concern . 
 `` yes , erm ... of course . 
 fine , '' i babbled , not wanting to appear childish ; after all , i was practically entering adulthood at almost two cycles old . 
 drake continued to stare with an expression of worry ; he was unconvinced by my assertion . 
 i obviously looked as nervous as i felt . 
 `` do the trojans make you nervous ? '' 
 `` you 'd think i 'd be used to it by now . '' 
 i quickly changed the topic . 
 `` sir , i do n't wish to sound rude but ... why are you here ? '' 
 the minister processed my words before answering . 
 `` i was an acquaintance of your grandfather . 
 shortly before his passing he mentioned you . '' 
 the minister shuffled in his seat , noticeably uncomfortable in a chair that was far too small . 
 `` did you know him well , sir ? '' 
 `` he worked in my office . 
 over the cycles i had the honour of having many late night conversations with him . '' 
 i was still grieving my grandfather 's passing and revelled in the opportunity to talk about him . 
 `` were you close ? '' 
 `` work colleagues more than friends . 
 and you ? '' 
 `` after my mother ... disappeared , my grandfather took me under his wing . 
 he taught me the ways of the world , encouraged my imagination . 
 he never said much about his work , but i 'm surprised he never mentioned knowing the public representative personally . '' 
 i realised how offensive that statement sounded . 
 `` not to say you were n't important to him , sir , i 'm sure you were . 
 it was probably just ... '' `` it 's quite alright , mr parthy . 
 i would have been more concerned if your grandfather had mentioned me . '' 
 i found his statement puzzling . 
 why would my grandfather have needed to hide his work associations ? 
 the minister continued . 
 `` his loss came as a great blow to us all . 
 his illness was incredibly sudden . '' 
 `` it was , sir . '' 
 `` we were extremely unprepared , and we have yet to fill his position . '' 
 i was n't sure why , but my stomach turned . 
 `` which leads me to the purpose of my visit . 
 after several lengthy discussions with the high darlon council , we arrived at the conclusion that the best replacement for your grandfather would be you . '' 
 my stomach no longer turned instead it was flipping over . 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 officially , you would be listed as my personal aid . '' 
 the word ` officially ' was disturbing . 
 i could n't help but wonder what my unofficial title would be . 
 mr tide 's words rang in my head ` know your limitations . ' 
 did i want to leave my current job ? 
 i did n't even know what being a personal aid entailed . 
 i had to think quickly ; the last thing any valiron wanted to do was upset the high darlon council . 
 `` thank you very much for the offer sir , but i already have a job with clint and tide , the law firm . '' 
 `` yes , we know , '' uttered drake , more to himself than to me . 
 `` we have already spoken to your employer , a mr tide , and he has agreed to terminate your employment , with immediate effect . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` is that a problem ? '' 
 `` it 's just ... '' i did n't know what to say . 
 decisions were being made without my consent . 
 this was my life ; surely it should be my choice where i work . 
 i was n't sure if i should have been flattered or offended . 
 was i so expendable to ` clint and tide ' , or had the high darlon council applied some undue pressure on the aging lawyer ? 
 this encounter was getting odder and odder . 
 i pondered if it were possible my grandfather played some larger role within valiros , more than i 'd ever conceived . 
 i felt the minister 's eyes bearing down on me as he waited , eager for my answer . 
 this was all too much . 
 i needed to buy some time ; consider the offer . 
 `` can i have a few days to think about it ? '' 
 i asked as tactfully as possible . 
 `` no . '' 
 the response was quick and concise , knocking me off balance . 
 that single word seemed to convey an array of emotions , one of which i determined to be desperation . 
 it swiftly occurred to me that this impromptu visit was merely a formality . 
 i was in no position to refuse the offer as the decision had already been made . 
 minister drake spoke again , only softer this time . 
 `` i 'm sorry to be so blunt mr parthy , but it 's vital that we fill this position as quickly as possible . 
 i need an answer now . '' 
 there was little i could say . 
 i 'd been backed into a corner with no hope of escape . 
 he was n't asking , he was telling . 
 i accepted my plight . 
 `` of course sir , it would be an honour to work for the high darlon council . '' 
 `` good . 
 splendid . '' 
 there was a noticeable change in the minister 's face . 
 no longer appearing desperate , instead he seemed ... relieved . 
 but there was more to his expression , i sensed a hidden agenda disguised behind an unattractive attempt at a smile . 
 `` when would i start ? '' 
 the minister squeezed himself out of the chair with considerable effort . 
 once again i was astounded by his height . 
 `` meet me at first light tomorrow morning outside the high darlon council building . '' 
 `` tomorrow ? 
 yes sir . '' 
 i replied with less eagerness than i intended . 
 the minister smiled again . 
 i could n't put my finger on it , but there was definitely a hint of deception behind that harmless grin . 
 `` excellent , '' drake responded enthusiastically . 
 `` thank you for your hospitality . '' 
 he began to leave but stopped and turned back to me . 
 `` oh , there is one more thing , mr parthy . 
 you were there , at the medical unit when your grandfather passed , correct ? '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 `` did he say anything ? '' 
 my mind drifted back to that dark day and my grandfather 's final words ` trust no-one . 
 he 'll try to be your friend , mislead you , but his only alliance is to the darkness . ' 
 `` no . '' 
 i lied . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` right . 
 then i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 `` good-bye , sir . '' 
 and without another word , minister drake strolled quickly out of the unit . 
 as i watched the towering figure leave my home something caught my eye . 
 a glint highlighted by the lights above ; a shiny little sparkle off a device in minister drake 's ear . 
 i closed the door behind him with a sense of relief . 
 this feeling was rapidly sucked out of me the moment i realised i would have to tell zeal . 
 chapter four ` tradition ' walking through the forest of lincoll alone was n't recommended . 
 there were safer routes to reach danton , but the forest was far more direct . 
 tall trees stretched up high above , with branches shooting off the main body spouting leaves that created dense shrubbery above . 
 the light struggled to pierce the thick foliage , making the woodland feel dark and the undergrowth damp . 
 if you moved quickly enough , you could be in an out of the forest in less than fifteen minutes , but moving too quickly would be reckless and draw attention . 
 i thought i was walking at a steady pace , being careful where i stepped so as not to cause too much noise . 
 i was wrong . 
 i spotted the creature . 
 it 'd been a while since i 'd seen a lag , and i 'd forgotten their size . 
 it was covered head to toe in a thick , almost impenetrable black fur . 
 two stumpy horns protruded from its flat forehead , and each of its feet consisted of three razor sharp claws . 
 its deep blue eyes did n't flicker or divert . 
 saliva dripped from a mouth that was crammed with flesh tearing teeth . 
 it looked as repulsive as i remembered , and even from a distance , i could smell its lingering stench . 
 if there was one , there were likely to be more . 
 they moved in packs , searching for their next meal , and this one clearly had its taste buds set on me . 
 i should have known better than to enter the forest alone . 
 lags are the primary food supply for the village , and it was customary for the males to hunt and capture these creatures . 
 groups of us would partake in weekly pursuits in order to replenish the food supply . 
 they have an interesting defensive mechanism when cornered . 
 they release a vile smelling , toxic gas that could bring down the largest of hunters . 
 i attend several of the expeditions , but usually found a quiet corner to hide and wait . 
 i would re-join the group when the hunt was over , and then return with them to the village where our success would be cheered . 
 lags are certainly dangerous and powerful , but with bulky bodies and short legs , they 're slow moving creatures . 
 my only chance at this point was to run . 
 i could just make out the edge of the forest . 
 the lag would n't venture beyond the confines of its home as it had n't adjusted to the light , and the brightness would practically blind the creature . 
 i ran . 
 so did the lag . 
 i pushed my legs for more speed as the creature pounded towards me . 
 i risked a quick glance over my shoulder to see the lag dropping behind when a second lag erupted from a bush to my right and rushed in my direction . 
 i swerved to the left spotting a third creature joining the chase . 
 i changed direction again , leaping over branches and fallen logs . 
 i was moving quickly using my fright to drive my body forward , praying i would n't trip and fall . 
 i heard the lag 's howl as i burst out of the shrubbery and into the bright light of the field . 
 my lungs ached with my heavy breathing . 
 the three creatures stood on the edge on the woodland , their bodies rising and falling with each exasperated breath , before turning and ambling back into the foliage . 
 i decided next time i would take the long route . 
 i looked over the field at danton . 
 it held a lot of memories for me . 
 i was born and raised in the quaint village for nearly two cycles . 
 it lay three 3 miles outside the city limits of trans central . 
 the village was a small community comprising of twenty-seven family units set in the magnificent surroundings of lincoll , unquestionably one of the most stunning areas in valiros . 
 it was a picturesque combination of trees , rolling hills and fertile farmland . 
 lincoll was a beautiful place to raise a family , work , retire , and eventually pass away . 
 i could n't wait to leave . 
 my father , lowen parthy , had been mayor of danton for two cycles . 
 sadly , he passed away six days before his fourth birth celebration . 
 i was half a cycle old at the time and missed him desperately . 
 the village secured its place in the history books by boasting the oldest living valiron , who 'd reached the grand old age of nine cycles ; this became a talking point amongst neighbouring villages , and something of a tourist attraction for visiting dignitaries from the city . 
 my mother , tabar parthy , mysteriously disappeared nearly half a cycle earlier when visiting my grandfather in trans central . 
 an investigation turned up no clues to her whereabouts , so it was added to the ever-growing list of valiros mysteries . 
 although i no longer had family living in danton , i continued to visit my old stomping grounds . 
 this was n't due to some sense of nostalgia ; it was partly due to my friend benton , but mainly due to a young , irritating girl named zeal lotzer . 
 one of the most important of all our customs is the tradition of ` bonding ' . 
 the average valirons life span is seven cycles ; this rather limited existence gives very little time for finding , courting and ultimately bonding with a life partner . 
 to ensure the couple has the best chance of a long and prosperous life together , all valirons are coupled at birth . 
 a prearranged partnership designed to ensure longevity . 
 as with most traditions , this process is a complex matter . 
 firstly , all couples must be born within the same forty-eight hour time period , and come from the same or any neighbouring village within two miles . 
 to guarantee a healthy gene pool , all families must relocate to an assigned village at least once every three cycles . 
 the relocation orders are sent directly from the high darlon council . 
 the village elders set the bonding date , and there is little room for negotiation . 
 this system is far from perfect , and there are children who are born outside the window of opportunity . 
 these products of circumstance are not forgotten of course . 
 true they will never be allowed to take a life partner , but they will still contribute to society . 
 once they 're one and a half cycles old , they 're drafted into the military . 
 there is no war in valiros , so their main purpose is to keep the peace , and prevent disruption by rogue groups , such as the veils . 
 i 'd luckily avoided this fate ; my friend benton was n't so fortunate . 
 i was partnered with a girl named zeal lotzer . 
 as a child , i disliked her ; as an adult , i detested her . 
 zeal was not my idea of the perfect life partner , but she did save me from a life of servitude under a military regime . 
 i 'm gentle , avoid confrontation , and , although frowned upon , indulge my vivid imagination . 
 zeal was beautiful but head strong . 
 she was argumentative , rude , and like most valirons , had no desire to explore the more creative side of her psyche . 
 over the cycles , i 'd felt myself growing distant from zeal ; a small detail she appeared to be blissfully unaware of . 
 we were scheduled to be bonded in a ceremony that , by tradition , is always performed by the mother of the male . 
 now , since my mother had vanished off the face of the sphere , the bonding ceremony was postponed ; much to my delight . 
 the village elders held an emergency gathering to discuss the best course of action . 
 it was decided that the duty of bonding the `` loving '' couple would fall to the eldest female in the village , the oldest person in our history . 
 the joyous event was set to take place in one phase , and there was nothing i could do to stop it . 
 it was tradition , and who was i to break with tradition ? 
 just as with minister drake , i was backed into a corner unable to escape . 
 following my perplexing encounter with the public representative , i decided to pay a visit to my future life partner and explain the situation . 
 in truth , i was hoping this enforced career change would work to my advantage , forcing the ceremony to be postponed again . 
 i 'd carefully planned it all out , and rehearsed it in my head . 
 the conversation was going to go something like this ... `` zeal , i have a new job with the high darlon council as an aid to minister drake . 
 i 'll be spending a great deal of time in the city . 
 this job came completely out of the blue , but i could n't turn it down . '' 
 `` oh creyson parthy '' she would say , `` that 's wonderful news . 
 i 'm so happy for you . '' 
 `` but this means i 'm not going to have the luxury of flitting back and forth from trans central to danton . 
 i 'm worried that our time together would be so limited ; it would n't be fair on you or me . '' 
 `` and i love spending time with you . '' 
 `` i know , and i would n't be able to give you the attention you deserve . 
 i 'm sure you 'll agree this is not the time to embark on a lifelong relationship . '' 
 `` i completely agree . '' 
 `` i know you want to be involved in every aspect of my life , but that simply would n't be practical . 
 i 'm not saying we wo n't be bonded , that 's what i want most in the world , but it may be best if we hold off for a while . '' 
 `` i think that 's a very wise and thought out decision . '' 
 in my head this all sounded perfectly reasonable ; in reality zeal would not react in the understanding way i hoped . 
 she would see it for exactly what it was , a string of pitiable excuses . 
 what she would most likely say is , `` creyson parthy , do n't be so stupid . 
 it is perfectly plausible for you to bond with me while still embarking on your new occupation . '' 
 this of course was true . 
 i was terrified of being forced into the military , i was terrified of the trojan devices , and from time to time , i was terrified of what the future had in store ; but all these fears paled in comparison when i considered telling zeal lotzer the ceremony was off . 
 i knew my future life partner was not going to respond well . 
 `` creyson parthy ! '' 
 the shrill voice tore through the air as i entered the boundaries of the village . 
 all my friends and colleagues called me crey , zeal insisted on using my full name whenever she addressed me ; yet another irritation that grated against my very being . 
 she was standing thirty paces away , gripping a lethal dagger that she waved in the air like a hunter welcoming her prey . 
 zeal loved to hunt . 
 she insisted on obtaining her own provisions . 
 i once suggested she join the lag hunting party in my place , her response was ; `` i do n't need an oversized male slowing me down . '' 
 as i looked on at my future partner , i could n't deny her beauty . 
 her shoulder length jet-black hair , piercing green eyes , button nose and shapely figure were certainly a pleasure to behold . 
 it was curious that so much beauty could be tainted by the annoying girl inside . 
 zeal ran across the field , a smile beaming on her face . 
 she appeared genuinely pleased to see me . 
 i was struck by a wave of guilt . 
 perhaps she was n't so dreadful after all . 
 that sentimentality did n't last long . 
 `` creyson parthy , i did n't think you were ever coming back . '' 
 zeal always spoke slightly louder than necessary . 
 `` hello zeal . '' 
 `` you have n't been to danton in days . '' 
 `` i 've been ... busy . '' 
 it was a pathetic defence , but she did n't seem to notice . 
 `` i hope you have n't forgotten about our bonding ceremony , '' teased zeal , poking me with the handle of the dagger . 
 `` how could i forget ? '' 
 `` one phase left to go . 
 is n't it exciting ? 
 tell me you 're excited . 
 go on , tell me . '' 
 `` i 'm excited , '' i said in an unexcitable tone . 
 `` me too . 
 my mother has bought me the most beautiful dress . 
 i do n't like dresses very much , but it 's still beautiful . 
 can you imagine me in a dress creyson parthy ? 
 well can you ? '' 
 `` no , i ca n't . '' 
 `` neither can i , but it is the most beautiful dress , and it is the most important day in our lives . 
 i have to look my best . 
 do you have an outfit ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 `` well you better hurry up . 
 only one phase to go . '' 
 this playful banter was followed by a raucous laugh . 
 she had the unfortunate habit of snorting when she became excited . 
 i would have been embarrassed by this reflex action ; zeal of course , was not . 
 `` actually '' i mumbled , `` that 's what i came to speak to you about . '' 
 `` you 'd rather wear the dress ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's about the bonding ceremony . '' 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 this was it , no going back . 
 i knew what i wanted to say , i 'd practised it in my head . 
 `` maybe we should sit down . '' 
 `` standing is fine . 
 get on with it . '' 
 i opened my mouth and said , `` i 'm afraid something 's come up and i do n't think it 's going to be possible to ... '' but before i had a chance to finish , zeal 's face changed . 
 the smile was quickly replaced with a deep-set frown , and the hunter succeeded the beautiful girl , who had been so full of life . 
 suddenly i was frightfully aware of the dagger that was no longer being used as a method of joviality , and had instead become the lethal weapon it was always intended to be . 
 `` do n't you dare creyson parthy , '' she spat viciously . 
 `` something 's come up ? 
 sounds like the start of an excuse to me . 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd think you did n't want to bond with me . '' 
 i do n't ! 
 i screamed in my head , but i dared not say it aloud . 
 if i refused to bond with zeal , i 'd be disgraced , banished from the village and forced to join the military . 
 i needed to think quickly . 
 `` of course i want to bond with you , '' i lied for the second time that day , `` but i have a new job that ... '' `` job ? 
 what job ? 
 i have n't heard about any job . '' 
 zeal also had the annoying tendency of interrupting people mid-sentence . 
 `` that 's what i 'm trying to tell you . 
 minister drake came to see me today and ... '' `` the public representative ? '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 he came to see me and he 's offered me a job as ... '' `` why would he offer you a job ? 
 what as ? '' 
 `` he 's offered me a job as an aid to the high darlon council , and ... '' `` an aid ? 
 why would he offer you a job as an aid ? '' 
 `` i 'm not totally clear on that . 
 i know it was my grandfather 's position . 
 i start tomorrow . 
 i have no idea what the job entails or how long it 's going to take . '' 
 she stared at me suspiciously , no doubt attempting to ascertain if i was indeed telling the truth . 
 `` okay , let 's say i believe you , i still do n't see what it has to do with our bonding ceremony . '' 
 this was not going to plan . 
 `` it 's going to be unlikely i 'll be able to visit danton for quite some time . 
 you 're probably not going to see much of me . '' 
 the frown faded , and the smile returned . 
 `` oh , i see where this is going . '' 
 `` you do ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 i understand completely . '' 
 `` ah zeal , i 'm so glad . 
 you have no idea how worried i was to tell you . '' 
 `` do n't be silly creyson parthy . 
 you do n't have to worry about not seeing me . 
 i 'll come with you , '' said zeal , happily . 
 this was not what i wanted to hear . 
 think fast , i told myself . 
 `` but ... erm ... my unit is so small , it would n't be practical . '' 
 i 'd lost any conviction in my voice , and this time zeal knew i was making excuses . 
 she sensed weakness and was ready to pounce like a hunter taking down a lag . 
 `` now you listen to me creyson parthy , '' she said in a low , menacing tone . 
 `` you 're going to be my life partner whether you like it or not . 
 now either you let me come with you , or i 'll walk back into danton and tell everybody you 've broken with tradition and called off the bonding ceremony . '' 
 she stepped closer so we were practically nose-to-nose . 
 `` and we both know what that means . '' 
 i was starting to wish i could release a toxic gas just like the lags . 
 thinking frantically for a way to resolve the situation , the overhead lights went out , plunging danton , and the entire province of lincoll , into sudden darkness . 
 chapter five ` order 6352 ' once was an accident , possibly a mistake , but twice was a pattern . 
 i waited for the lights to power back-up ; and i waited , and i waited some more . 
 nothing . 
 during my earlier experience , the failure had been isolated to a small field ; i could still see light from the surrounding areas . 
 this time the power loss covered a far greater expanse . 
 in every direction , i could only see darkness . 
 i turned to look at zeal , but she was no longer standing in front of me . 
 i was hit by a surprising surge of concern . 
 `` zeal ? '' 
 i shouted . 
 there was no response . 
 i scanned the landscape and spotted her a few paces away sitting on the ground ; her knees drawn up , arms locked around her legs , hunched , chin against her knees . 
 she was shaking ; i speculated it had nothing to do with the declining temperature , but to a primal fear of the darkness that had overwhelmed her . 
 i stood , astounded . 
 to see the powerful hunter reduced to a hunkering , terrified bundle on the ground made my stomach ache . 
 i may not have been overly fond of the girl , but i took no pleasure in seeing her this way . 
 observing her fear seemed to ease my own deeply rooted alarm . 
 my nearly overwhelming concern for her well-being surpassed that of my own . 
 i made my way over and knelt down by her side . 
 `` zeal , are you okay ? '' 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 she asked , her voice quivering . 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` this does n't happen , creyson parthy . 
 the lights do n't just go out . '' 
 `` it 's probably nothing to worry about . '' 
 i rubbed my hand up and down her back to calm her shivering . 
 `` sometimes individual lights are powered down for maintenance . '' 
 `` but never like this , and never without warning . '' 
 `` maybe it 's a glitch . 
 i bet you anything , the lights will be back on before you know it . '' 
 `` i 've got a bad feeling . '' 
 she pulled her knees in tighter . 
 standing in the darkness , i was reminded of stories i 'd heard as a boy , tales of life before ` the change ' . 
 my mother had told me how valiros was n't always the bright and dazzling place that it was today ; our world was little more than a black pit of emptiness . 
 as a result of this unremitting darkness , its population , my ancestors , had developed certain abilities allowing them to survive and function in complete obscurity . 
 although these abilities were no longer required , each valiron still possessed them . 
 our skin radiates a faint red luminosity that enables others to see us . 
 our eyes can adjust to complete darkness , like a form of night vision , and other senses are also heightened ; smell , sound and touch . 
 during these dark times , valiros was ruled by one simple rule ; survival of the fittest . 
 tre broter penn , considered a visionary and legend among my people , secured himself a place in the history books when he invented the first artificial light source over sixty cycles ago . 
 he was a prodigy at only half a cycle old . 
 it was a small circular light that could be held in the palm of your hand . 
 the small light lasted less than three seconds , but it would pave the way for the colossal lights that , for reasons unknown , were presently not working . 
 how tre broter penn designed and constructed the first light is something of another mystery . 
 he had not invented anything prior to his historic discovery , and nor did he invent anything after . 
 `` we should head into the village , '' i suggested . 
 `` there may be something on the viewing terminals . '' 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 i was finding her reaction to the darkness perplexing . 
 zeal was displaying a vulnerability that she 'd worked so hard to conceal . 
 clambering to her feet , she brushed grass and speckles of dirt from her clothes . 
 `` are you okay to walk ? '' 
 she looked at me and smiled , no arrogance , no aggression . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 zeal linked her arm in mine and we began to walk down the hillside . 
 i had gone from being her prey to her protector . 
 as we approached danton , we heard raised voices emanating from the village . 
 panic was sweeping the town . 
 i heard cries of confusion and alarm . 
 i knew these cries were not only a reaction to the sudden darkness ; for the lights provided far more than just light , they supplied heat , and we could already feel the temperature starting to plummet . 
 the lights also dispensed valuable nutrients vital for the survival of plant life . 
 as a farming community , the plants and vegetation were a lifeline to the village . 
 without them , the crops would surely wilt , and that would spell the end of danton . 
 `` you hear them ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` they do n't know what 's going on . 
 maybe it 's not just the lights that have lost power , maybe it 's everything . 
 what can we do ? '' 
 pleaded zeal . 
 i had no answer . 
 we stopped walking and remained still , unsure if we should continue , when a new sound began to replace the din of distress from the village . 
 for a moment , i thought zeal was beginning to shake again but realised the deep rumble was vibrating through the ground . 
 `` is it the trojans ? '' 
 i mused . 
 `` no , '' answered zeal . 
 `` they 're not due to activate for another twenty minutes . 
 besides , it 's getting louder . '' 
 `` i do n't think it 's getting louder , i think it 's getting closer . '' 
 zeal and l both began to skim the horizon , searching for the source of this strange sound . 
 i focused my eyes on the distant hill and could make out a large , cumbersome vehicle ploughing towards us . 
 `` over there . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked , pulling away from me , her confidence returning . 
 the vulnerability was being replaced by her usual self-reliance . 
 zeal seemed to fear the dark ; maybe because she could n't fight it . 
 this approaching vehicle , however , presented a physical adversary she could fight . 
 i knew what it was . 
 `` i 've seen one of those vehicles before . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` my grandfather used to take me on day trips ; one of them was to the base of operations , just outside the city limits , on the border of dorow . '' 
 `` the wastelands ? '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 `` so you 're saying that it 's ... '' `` it 's the military . '' 
 i was uneasy , not due to their approach , but because of their swift appearance . 
 i knew there was no way of traveling from dorow to danton in the short time since the lights had failed . 
 `` how did they get here so quickly ? '' 
 zeal was as sharp as the blade she carried , arriving at the same conclusion as i had . 
 `` unless they knew it was going to happen . '' 
 `` let 's not jump to any conclusions . '' 
 a shiver ran down my spine for the second time that day . 
 the notion that the military knew this was going to happen , but had failed to alert the general population , would open a can of worms that i felt should remain firmly sealed . 
 i was pretty certain zeal would harbour no such concerns . 
 the advancing vehicle was intimidating and powerful . 
 its large wheels made easy work of the rolling landscape and its solid metal frame appeared impenetrable . 
 the machine looked combat ready ; it made you wonder what sort of combat they were expecting . 
 `` do you think they have something to do with the lights ? '' 
 zeal 's earlier fear had been all but obliterated . 
 she was once again the head strong , confident girl i knew all too well . 
 `` i do n't see how . '' 
 the vehicle came to a halt a few paces away from us . 
 we were frozen to the spot , our gaze transfixed on the military machine . 
 `` what are they doing here ? '' 
 she asked defensively . 
 the driver 's door swung open . 
 `` it looks like we 're about to find out . '' 
 a large , heavy set soldier ; at least one point six metres tall and probably the same in width , stepped out of the vehicle . 
 he was dressed in a standard grey military uniform that was slightly padded ensuring extra protection . 
 the insignia on his chest indicated his rank as a junior commander . 
 his frame was solid ; his face chiselled with a few days growth around his chin , his hair was shaven revealing a scar across the top of his head . 
 if i were honest , i felt slightly inadequate in the presence of such a formidable combatant . 
 i leaned into zeal . 
 `` do n't say anything to upset him . '' 
 `` why would i upset him ? '' 
 she replied in a mock attempt at a sweet voice . 
 the soldier approached us , striding with such vigour we both stepped back in trepidation . 
 `` i 'm junior commander fray tork , '' he boomed . 
 `` danton is now under military control . '' 
 his voice matched his appearance , deep and powerful , generating instant control and demanding obedience to whomever he spoke . 
 `` you will vacate your homes immediately . 
 my soldiers will transport you and the residents of danton to the emergency evacuation sites . '' 
 i glanced at zeal out of the corner of my eye , but her attention was focused on commander tork . 
 i knew this was not going to end well . 
 i followed the rules and did what i was told . 
 zeal , on the other hand , was not one to accept orders easily , especially from an ` oversized male ' . 
 shoulders back , head held high , she marched towards the commander . 
 `` hello junior commander fray tork , my name is zeal lotzer . 
 care to explain what you think you 're doing ? '' 
 i cringed . 
 `` i believe i just did . '' 
 `` no , that was an instruction , not an explanation . '' 
 `` i 'm following orders . '' 
 `` you ca n't come rolling over the hill and tell us to leave our homes . '' 
 tork 's face changed from unwavering conviction to slight shock . 
 it appeared no-one had ever confronted him or questioned his orders before . 
 the commander would have to re-establish his authority ; if he wavered , zeal would take him down . 
 `` order six three five two , says i can , '' responded tork . 
 i prayed zeal would let it go , accept his orders and abandon her home ; but i knew she was n't going without a fight . 
 `` what does order six three five two mean ? 
 hmmm ? 
 i 've never heard of it . '' 
 this small , insolent girl questioning his orders was annoying the soldier . 
 his response was clear and precise . 
 `` order six three five two . 
 ` during any event that is deemed to be of a threatening nature , we are ordered to evacuate the appropriate area and place the affected zone under military control . '' ' 
 `` the lights have gone out . 
 do you see anyone being threatened ; apart from us by you , that is ? '' 
 while the altercation between zeal and the commander was transpiring i observed six more soldiers exiting the vehicle , each larger and more imposing than the last . 
 there was a tension building in the air . 
 if she were n't careful , zeal was going to be dragged to a correctional facility for her disrespectful behaviour . 
 `` zeal , '' i said , keeping my tone calm as not to add to the already tense situation , `` i think you should do what the commander says . '' 
 `` i think you 'll find it 's ` junior commander . '' ' 
 her contempt was obvious and foolish . 
 i was n't going to get through to her , so i turned my attention to tork . 
 `` we 're sorry about this . 
 we were just ... '' `` no we 're not sorry ! '' 
 `` zeal ... '' `` we 're not going anywhere . '' 
 her defensive tone was a typical ` zeal ' reaction that i had learnt to tolerate ; i doubted the military commander , junior or not , was going to be quite so understanding . 
 `` i 'm afraid you do n't have a choice . 
 you will be transported to an evacuation site immediately . '' 
 `` you can keep saying it , does n't mean we 're going to do it . 
 if you want to take danton , you 'll have to go through me . '' 
 `` step aside , '' he said with a threatening attitude , moving to push her out of the way . 
 either by intent or instinct , zeal raised her dagger and took a defensive posture . 
 that was a mistake . 
 tork wasted no time in reacting to the threat and used a rather extraordinary offensive move . 
 gripping her wrist , he procured the dagger from zeal 's grip then flung her over his shoulder and slammed her to the ground . 
 his lightening speed was impressive considering his size . 
 zeal floundered on the floor , her face red with fury . 
 `` take her away ! '' 
 bellowed tork to the other soldiers . 
 two stocky looking squaddies advanced towards her . 
 zeal was also quick to respond , leaping to her feet prepared to fight . 
 `` just you try it , '' she spat . 
 this was crazy . 
 i had to do something quickly . 
 without thinking , i said the first thing that popped into my head . 
 `` she does n't live in the village ! '' 
 the soldiers stopped in their tracks uncertain if this confession made any difference to their commander 's order . 
 they stared at tork awaiting his guidance . 
 thankfully zeal did n't argue with my impulsive statement . 
 `` explain , '' said tork , apparently doubting my claim . 
 i was making it up as i went along ; it was times like this i was thankful for my vivid imagination . 
 i continued , `` my name is creyson parthy ; i work for the public representative , minister drake . 
 this is my life partner zeal lotzer , we were bonded today . 
 i have a small unit just outside trans central , she lives there with me . '' 
 zeal appeared as surprised as i felt by my outburst . 
 there was an uncomfortable silence while the commanding officer pondered my sudden revelation . 
 his gaze switched from zeal back to me . 
 after a few moments , tork spoke . 
 `` minister drake , you say ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm his new aid . '' 
 `` then i suggest you return to your unit and take her with you before she gets you both into trouble . '' 
 i could n't help but let out a sigh of relief . 
 zeal may have been stubborn , but she certainly was n't stupid , she kept her mouth shut . 
 tork turned to his men ; with a simple nod of his head , the soldiers piled back into the vehicle . 
 he gave zeal and i one last look of scepticism before climbing into the driver 's seat . 
 the mighty machine rumbled to life and pulled away heading towards the village . 
 zeal could n't contain herself any longer . 
 `` we ca n't let them get away with this , '' she squealed . 
 `` we do n't have a choice . '' 
 we both stood powerless , watching the vehicle manoeuvre its way down the hillside towards our home . 
 `` i could have taken him , '' she boasted . 
 i laughed aloud . 
 she snapped her head and fixed me with a vicious glare . 
 `` sorry , '' i said . 
 `` if you were n't such a coward , you could have backed me up . '' 
 `` i just ... did you see them ? '' 
 `` look . '' 
 zeal pointed towards the other side of the village . 
 five more machines appeared on the skyline heading for danton . 
 `` this is wrong , creyson parthy . '' 
 `` there 's nothing we can do . '' 
 in a patronising tone , she asked , `` so what happens now ? '' 
 i 'd gone to danton to tell zeal i would n't be able to bond with her , but instead i found myself saying , `` i suppose you come home with me . '' 
 she smiled happily . 
 chapter six ` snoring ' i relaxed into my soft two-seat sofa , a thin sheet pulled up tight to my chin in an attempt to keep the cold at bay . 
 i lay motionless staring at the plain white ceiling . 
 i always find at night , when i 'm alone with only my thoughts for company and no distractions , i ponder , usually in depth , my previous actions and choices . 
 this night was no exception . 
 my head filled with unanswerable questions that continued to hinder my slumber . 
 i was perturbed by my new job . 
 what did it entail ? 
 did minister drake have an ulterior motive ? 
 then there were the overhead lights that had simply stopped working . 
 i 'd assumed it was only lincoll that had been affected , but upon returning to my unit , i 'd switched on the viewing terminal to discover that several areas within valiros had also been affected by the power outage . 
 what would cause such a failure ? 
 my mind then drifted to the mysterious and swift appearance of the military . 
 were they to blame ? 
 i had lied about my relationship with zeal . 
 i find it difficult to lie , and lying to the military was a risky game . 
 what if i were found out ? 
 would tork appear at my door and drag me to a correctional facility ? 
 my mind was running wild with so many unwelcome thoughts keeping sleep away . 
 the journey from danton back to my unit had been a tedious and grating trek . 
 zeal spent the entire trip ranting about her dislike for the military , and her personal feelings with regards to the high darlon council . 
 she lectured me on the upper classes ' disregard for the smaller communities living outside the city limits . 
 she piled through a never-ending array of objections , aversions and dislikes on an equally never-ending array of topics ; none of which meant a great deal to me . 
 i truly believed the government cared for all its citizens regardless of their location . 
 zeal , of course , had a different perspective , and she made her sentiment clear . 
 `` no , no , no , '' she barked , `` i 'm telling you , while danton is sitting in darkness , its people being forcibly removed ; the residents of trans central are relaxing in their nice , cosy homes with their lights blaring . 
 they do n't care what happens to us , as long as it does n't affect their perfect lives . '' 
 i was n't in the mood to debate the finer points of the valiron pecking order . 
 `` whatever you say . '' 
 `` and what about junior commander tork ? '' 
 she continued . 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 `` i bet he knows more than he 's letting on . 
 he was hiding behind order six three five two . 
 there 's no reason for the armed forces to take military control of the area . 
 what a joke . 
 you ca n't tell me you 're not the least bit suspicious . '' 
 it was n't always what zeal said ; it was how she said it . 
 i 'd had similar debates with benton , but there was something about her brashness that irked me . 
 she was right , i was suspicious of the military presence in danton , but i did n't want to fuel zeal 's paranoia . 
 `` i 'm sure the government know what they 're doing . '' 
 `` a government that neglects its people . '' 
 `` it 's not surprising they have their secrets , zeal , but that 's a far cry from government negligence . '' 
 `` this is just another example of the high darlon council keeping us in the dark ... only this time it 's literal . '' 
 it was pointless to fight . 
 `` look , '' i said , `` whatever happened to the lights was most likely an accident beyond anyone 's control . 
 the military was only there to help the local population relocate to a safer area . '' 
 i 'm not sure i believed my own words , and i was certain zeal did n't . 
 `` so why did n't they warn anyone , hmmm ? '' 
 she questioned . 
 i was finding myself on the wrong side of this discussion . 
 in reality , i agreed with zeal , but i could n't tell her that . 
 `` perhaps they were worried that alerting the public would have caused a panic . '' 
 `` panic or not , ignorance is never a good thing . '' 
 `` it 's not ignorance ; it 's the government deciding what we should know for our own benefit . '' 
 she mumbled an insult under her breath ; thankfully i did n't hear what she said . 
 throughout her entire outburst , i 'd noticed she 'd cleverly failed to mention that i 'd saved her from imprisonment . 
 to admit i 'd rescued her from a situation beyond her control would have shown weakness on her part . 
 she would never mention it , and i would never bring it up . 
 i spent the remainder of the journey in quiet contemplation , making sure to nod and agree at the right times to pacify my newly acquired ` life partner ' . 
 i was thankful to be home , but this feeling did n't last long . 
 upon returning to the unit , i discovered the front door was slightly ajar . 
 i stood motionless staring at the entrance ; trepidation slowly churning in my belly . 
 had i forgotten to lock it properly when i left ? 
 normally i was extremely conscientious , but perhaps my mind had been distracted . 
 `` expecting guests ? '' 
 asked zeal . 
 `` no , i 'm not . '' 
 `` well you better get in there and have a look . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 you want to send a sweet , defenceless girl in there ? '' 
 `` i 'd hardly call you swe ... defenceless . '' 
 `` fine . 
 get out of my way . '' 
 she began to move towards the door . 
 `` no . 
 i 'll do it . '' 
 she smirked . 
 `` my hero . '' 
 i pushed the door open , half expecting an intruder to leap from the darkness . 
 of course , there was no trespasser lurking in the darkness , no interloper waiting to accost me , but the anxiety i was feeling did n't dwindle . 
 `` well ? '' 
 i heard zeal shout out . 
 `` hang on . '' 
 i carefully checked each room in the unit , which did n't take long , but i found nothing out of place or missing . 
 i stepped back into the main living area when i felt something snap under my foot . 
 i lifted my leg and looked at the sole of my shoe . 
 embedded in the tread was a small piece of wood . 
 i picked it out and examined the slither of kindling . 
 it seemed to have been chewed . 
 having cleaned the unit earlier that day , i knew it had n't been there before . 
 perhaps minister drake had traipsed it in . 
 `` creyson parthy ? '' 
 zeal hollered again . 
 `` there 's no-one here , '' i called back , slipping the piece of wood into my pocket . 
 zeal stamped through the doorway , swinging the door so hard it bashed against the wall . 
 `` you need to be more careful . 
 anybody could have wandered in . 
 i 'm sure this wo n't happen now i 'm living here . '' 
 she seemed to be under the impression that this cohabitation was a permanent arrangement . 
 if anybody did break in , i hoped the only thing they 'd take would be her . 
 the hour had got late and all i wanted to do was lay my head down and drift off to sleep . 
 zeal , as expected , managed to make even this most simple of desires difficult . 
 striding into the cooking compartment , she began rattling pots and pans , occasionally complaining about the lack of food in my cupboards . 
 i heard a cacophony of chopping , stirring and the occasional ping of a timer as she created a feast to satisfy her hunger . 
 when she finally reappeared she carried a large tray of food stacked high with a bizarre concoction of dishes . 
 i stared at the tray in astonishment . 
 `` that 's a lot of food for one person . '' 
 `` if you want something to eat then make it yourself , '' she snarled , mistaking my disbelief for hunger . 
 sitting in the chair previously occupied by the minister , she consumed the meal with vigour . 
 this was the first time since leaving danton that zeal had stopped talking . 
 hungry or not , i was thankful for the respite . 
 once finished she dumped the tray on the floor and announced , `` i 'll be taking the sleeping compartment and you can sleep on the sofa . '' 
 i agreed to her terms , and she marched off to bed . 
 i spent the next hour cleaning up after my houseguest before grabbing a sheet from the storage cupboard and finally collapsing into a heap on the sofa . 
 alone at last . 
 i was certain zeal could n't possibly irritate me while she was sleeping ; i was wrong . 
 the peaceful silence was soon broken by zeal 's incessant snoring . 
 i 'd never heard anything like it . 
 i was taken aback by her loud , infuriating snore that seemed to vibrate through the walls and penetrate into my skull . 
 the thought of spending the rest of my life with zeal was more than i could stomach . 
 grabbing the cushions from the armchair , i held them tight against my ears in an attempt to mask the deafening sound ; to no avail . 
 it felt like my home had been invaded by a hostile force bent on spoiling my good night 's sleep . 
 add this to my jumble of unwanted thoughts ; sleep was a luxury i was n't going to be permitted . 
 i turned onto my side , then onto my back , then onto my other side , then onto my stomach , then onto my back again . 
 after twenty minutes , i finally conceded defeat and sat up , perching on the edge of the sofa . 
 tired and aggravated , each second felt like a minute , each minute felt like an hour . 
 eventually my impatience reached boiling point and i stomped around the unit making as much noise as possible . 
 acting like a spoiled child , i banged every door , open and closed cupboards , stamped hard with each step , hoping to wake the annoying creature who had commandeered my bed . 
 i doubted anything would rouse the slumbering zeal , but my little rebellion made me feel better . 
 i walked through the cooking compartment , and left the unit mumbling some distasteful phrases of my own . 
 entering my peaceful garden instantly alleviated my tension . 
 it was refreshing to be outside . 
 i inhaled the crisp air and allowed it to wash my frustrations away . 
 the gentle hum of the overhead lights was soothing and their dim glow relaxing . 
 even through the walls of the unit i could still hear zeal 's faint snoring . 
 no wonder her family were keen to get her bonded , they were probably longing for an uninterrupted night 's sleep . 
 taking a seat on the cold step , i looked out at my beautiful garden , savouring the pretty plants , flowers , and floppy fruit tree . 
 it looked more striking than it had ever looked before . 
 i realised something was wrong . 
 my attention was drawn to the gaping hole in the centre of my small garden . 
 scorch marks had killed the surrounding grass . 
 for a moment , i doubted my own eyes . 
 i sat in shock , my mouth open wide in bewilderment . 
 the trojan device was gone . 
 chapter seven ` the tram ' darkness can present itself in many forms . 
 the failing lights caused the darkness in danton , but there was another form of darkness infecting my world , one born out of fear . 
 this form of darkness can be far more dangerous . 
 i sat in silence on the crowded express tram that would take me directly into trans central station . 
 whenever possible , i avoided public transport ; i especially loathed the tram as a mode of transportation . 
 i 'm not a snob ; i basically dislike the hustle and bustle and commotion that it entails . 
 getting on the tram feels like a battle for survival , with people pushing to get onboard , fighting for a seat , elbows being rammed into your ribs . 
 once you are finally ready to go there are so many bodies pushed against you , you 're packed in like tins of food shoved into a disorganized cupboard . 
 everybody is so desperate to get where they 're going as quickly as possible , they lose all regard for others . 
 on this particular day , the journey turned out to be an altogether different experience . 
 the mood was sombre ; the usual conversation of commuting business types replaced by an anxious stillness . 
 the platform was remarkably calm and stress free , and on the tram itself everyone 's attention was focused on the viewing terminals that were situated throughout the tightly packed carriage . 
 these terminals were usually dedicated to presenting news bulletins to the business class who occupied the tram daily . 
 financial reports , company takeovers and government politics were top of the bill . 
 these reports would be interjected by light-hearted stories intended to bring a smile to the traveller 's face . 
 today 's reports , on the other hand , were focused on one story only . 
 the dominating headline and the cause of the uncomfortable atmosphere , was the mysterious disappearance of the trojan devices during the night . 
 `` it seems impossible . '' 
 the glamorous reporter gasped . 
 `` but we can confirm that over two thousand trojan devices have indeed vanished . 
 residents from more than eighteen villages awoke this morning to strange scorch marks and holes in the ground . 
 our on-site reporter is in the village of lucor speaking to an eye witness . '' 
 the screen switched to a well-dressed female with big , curly hair standing next to a rather excitable eyewitness . 
 `` thank you kaley . 
 i 'm here with miss trun who claims to have seen one of the trojan devices in mid-flight . 
 miss trun , why do n't you tell us what you saw ? '' 
 `` oh it was terrifying , like a ball of fire in the sky . 
 it was so fast , but i knew it was a trojan device . '' 
 miss trun 's dramatization caused a hushed whisper of anxiety to travel through the carriage . 
 `` we have had hundreds of reports of trojan devices taking flight across valiros , '' added the reporter . 
 looking around the tram , i could n't help but think how pointless our concern was . 
 no-one knew what the trojan devices did or what purpose they served , so their sudden disappearance would have little or no impact on our daily lives ; yet there we all were , genuinely alarmed about their desertion . 
 i surmised that it was perhaps the mystery of their disappearance that caused concern and not the departure of the devices themselves . 
 whenever i 'm traveling on the tram i tend to avoid small talk . 
 i 'm not antisocial ; i rather enjoy a stimulating conversation . 
 what i abhor is chatting to people who i 'll never see again about trivial information that serves no purpose ; except in this instance to incite rumour and speculation . 
 in situations like this , if i 'm unable to form an opinion , then i 'd rather say nothing at all . 
 unfortunately , i was sat next to a meddlesome valiron who had no such reservations . 
 his sharp suit and well-groomed hair suggested he was a business type , but his scuffed shoes and worn carrier bag indicated he was n't quite as high profile as he was attempting to appear . 
 more than likely he was an office hand or runner . 
 the valiron , who introduced himself as kron , fought his way into his seat , taking down several people who were targeting for the same pew . 
 as i feared , he insisted on discussing the recent turn of events . 
 `` did you hear that ? 
 a ball of fire in the sky ; what could it mean ? 
 where do you think the trojan devices are going ? '' 
 i assumed the question had been rhetorical as kron left no time for a response . 
 `` do you think it could be part of a secret government plot ? '' 
 and so the conspiracy theories begin , i thought . 
 kron continued , `` who could have imagined something like this happening ? 
 did you have a trojan near your home ? 
 is it missing ? '' 
 i opened my mouth to answer , but kron barely left space for a breath . 
 `` i had one outside my front door . 
 i woke up this morning , and it had just vanished . 
 gone . 
 poof . 
 where are they going ? 
 i mean , what are the trojans anyway ? 
 do you know ? 
 i do n't . 
 do you ? '' 
 i quickly realised he did n't want a conversation ; he just wanted to air his anxiety . 
 `` are you heading into the city ? 
 you 're so lucky . 
 i 'd love to work in the city . 
 maybe one day . '' 
 switching off , but ensuring to say `` hmmm '' every now and then , i stared out of the window at the passing buildings . 
 my lack of interest did n't deter kron from continuing to express his concerns . 
 `` oh , did you hear about the lights ? 
 over half the outer villages lost power . 
 i hope my village does n't lose power . 
 then again , we used to live in the dark , did n't we ? 
 i heard from a friend of a friend of a friend that the military appeared minutes after it happened . 
 they 've all been evacuated and sent to temporary compounds . 
 what do you think that means ? 
 i 'll tell you what i think it means . '' 
 please do n't , i thought . 
 `` i think it means ... '' the tram came to a stop at one of the smaller stations on the outskirts of the city . 
 `` oh , this is my stop . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 i did n't mean to say it out loud . 
 he looked at me with a questioning glance . 
 i attempted to cover my impoliteness `` ... talking to you . '' 
 `` likewise , '' he said . 
 `` i hope you have a nice day . '' 
 with a chipper smile , kron stepped off the tram . 
 i was relieved . 
 if my new friend had done anything , he 'd made me think . 
 the trojans ' disappearance , the power cuts , the military presence , my sudden job offer ; could they all be connected ? 
 if the military did know about the lights that meant the high darlon council also knew ; a council that minister drake was a part of . 
 a picture was beginning to form ; blurred and undefined , but a picture nevertheless . 
 i felt like i had all the pieces of a jigsaw but was n't sure how to put them together . 
 i was a loyal citizen . 
 i had a great deal of respect for my government and all that it stood for , but even i was beginning to question their motives . 
 my imagination was racing when something else occurred to me . 
 two key events had taken place directly affecting the lives of countless valirons , and yet no official statement had been released . 
 no explanation . 
 this led me to only one conclusion ; the government were hiding the truth and had yet to come up with a lie that would satisfy the populace . 
 i realised i 'd moved from rational thought and had joined the ranks of the conspiracy theorists . 
 perhaps that 's where i belonged . 
 the tram entered broter tunnel that connected the surrounding countryside to the capital . 
 i would soon arrive at trans central station , giving me plenty of time to meet the minister . 
 the seat next to me was quickly occupied by a stern female whose hard face and antagonistic body language scared me a little . 
 bored of watching the same news report on the viewing terminal , and unwilling to partake in another idle conversation with the intimidating business lady , i opted to doze for the last leg of my journey . 
 following zeal 's morning routine , i needed the rest . 
 in order to perform her ritual stretching and morning exercises , she 'd insisted on getting up ridiculously early . 
 this on its own would have been fine if she had n't bullied me into joining her . 
 as she barked orders , `` stretch ! 
 lower ! 
 feel the burn ! '' 
 i could easily envision her as a drill sergeant in the military . 
 their loss . 
 `` as a bonded couple , '' she spouted , `` we will have to do this every morning . '' 
 in that instant , my future flashed before my eyes ; snoring through the night , stretching in the morning , debating all day , and the odd hunt for lags thrown in for good measure . 
 her reaction to the missing trojan had been distinctly different to mine . 
 `` i 'm glad , '' she declared . 
 `` i hope they never come back . 
 they 're hideous things . '' 
 `` are n't you worried ? '' 
 `` worried about what ? 
 they do n't do anything . 
 i hope they 've all gone . 
 i hope i never see one of those ugly , hunks of metal again . '' 
 following a meagre breakfast , that i prepared myself from the remaining food zeal had n't eaten the night before , i left for work . 
 snuggling my head against the window , i closed my eyes hoping sleep would take me . 
 i began to drift into a dreamless snooze when the tram juddered , then violently began a vicious and abrupt stop . 
 the carriage screeched against the track , the framework rattling like a child 's toy . 
 i was thrown forward , crashing my forehead into the seat in front . 
 i heard the brakes kick in . 
 the tram screamed against the metal track as it resisted the decrease in speed . 
 sparks flew up the window like a firework display . 
 my body followed the momentum of the tram , whipping backwards and smashing the back of my head against my headrest . 
 a sharp pain shot down my spine and travelled into my legs . 
 the lady next to me was thrown from her seat , landing on the floor with a shriek . 
 the lights flickered ; bags and personal items fell from the storage lockers above . 
 i heard a gasp of shock travel through the carriage from its panic-stricken passengers . 
 it all happened so quickly . 
 i focused my eyes to see people lying on the floor , others rubbing injured necks and heads ; this was all accompanied by whispers of confusion and moans of pain . 
 i offered a hand to the lady , but she refused my gesture and pulled herself to her feet . 
 climbing over the injured , she moved down the tram towards the exit . 
 the tram had not yet reached trans central station . 
 staring out of the window , i was faced with the black walls of broter tunnel . 
 inside the atmosphere was rapidly moving from dismay to outright panic . 
 people began to stand , the whispers replaced by cries of help . 
 it was practically unheard of for a tram to stop mid journey . 
 all transportation systems into the capital were essential and , as a result , were vigorously maintained . 
 this commitment was born out of a previous incident that took place nearly twelve cycles ago . 
 the unfortunate outcome of that event led to the demise of more than eighty people . 
 a tram had crossed the link bridge from dorow to trans central when a power failure caused the tram to stop . 
 a previously undiscovered weakness in the bridge design caused the framework to buckle . 
 after being stuck for more than nine hours , the track system collapsed under the weight . 
 no-one survived . 
 this tragedy remained well publicised , with a dedication ceremony each cycle . 
 every passenger onboard this tram would be aware of the story . 
 less than a minute passed before three overzealous passengers , including the stern lady , attempted to force the doors open . 
 i sat motionless watching their futile attempts . 
 magnetically sealed ; i knew the doors would n't budge . 
 you could sense hostility building in the carriage . 
 arguments began to break out amongst the passengers ; pointless spats that achieved nothing . 
 people were pushing to escape , frustration mixed with fear . 
 alarm was spreading like fire through the carriage , and i did n't want to get burnt . 
 i chose to remain quiet , allow events to run their natural course . 
 two loud pings blared from speakers built into the roof of the tram , and a nasally voice cracked over the public address system . 
 `` can i have your attention , please ? 
 we apologise for the delay in this service . 
 we hope to be moving again shortly . 
 we ask that all passengers remain calm while we attempt to rectify the problem . '' 
 this announcement instigated another surge of whispers . 
 a few minutes passed before a second jolt rocked the carriage . 
 the people onboard gasped as the tram once again began moving , but not in the direction that we expected . 
 the tram was travelling backwards . 
 chapter eight ` detained ' the doors glided open effortlessly , unlike the frightened passengers who surged from the carriage desperate to abandon the ill-fated tram . 
 i sat in my seat , waiting for the initial rush to pass before finally making my way onto the platform . 
 i remained with the discombobulated crowd , uncertain what course of action to take . 
 the only method of transport in and out of trans central was the tram network , without it , i had no way of entering the capital . 
 other passengers around me seemed to be debating the same issue . 
 `` hello , '' called a voice i recognised . 
 i scanned the crowd to find kron bounding towards me . 
 `` kron ? '' 
 `` oh , it 's nice to see a familiar face . '' 
 he spoke as if we were good friends . 
 `` what happened to the tram ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i don ... '' `` we 're not allowed to leave the station . 
 every exit is blocked . '' 
 `` why are ... '' `` are you hurt ? '' 
 i found the question odd . 
 `` hurt ? '' 
 `` your neck . '' 
 i was still massaging it . 
 `` oh , erm ... just a bit of whiplash , '' it was my turn to ask a question . 
 `` kron , why ca n't you leave the station ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 they keep stopping us . 
 i 've tried three times . 
 how am i meant to get to work ? 
 `` i 'm sure that ... . '' 
 `` do you think we 'll receive some kind of compensation ? '' 
 i humoured him , `` perhaps . '' 
 `` i suppose you 're not going to make it to trans central after all . '' 
 there was a hint of worry in his voice that i found unusual considering he did n't know me . 
 `` i 'm sure they 'll set up some other mode of transport . '' 
 i was attempting to remain upbeat but gathering from kron 's facial expression my comment had not gone down well . 
 he looked more than a little jumpy . 
 `` but it wo n't get you there in time . '' 
 `` in time for what ? '' 
 `` whatever it is you need to do . 
 i 'm sure you have to be there on time , do n't you ? 
 people are expecting you to be there on time . '' 
 `` do n't worry kron . 
 it 'll be okay . 
 `` it wo n't . 
 one job , i have one job . '' 
 `` i 'm sure they wo n't sack you for being late , not considering the circumstances . '' 
 `` not that job , this one . '' 
 `` kron , what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` i need to do something . '' 
 he grabbed my wrist . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 he began pulling me away from the crowd . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 he ignored my plea `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` we 're getting out of here . '' 
 it seemed blind panic had taken over kron 's senses . 
 i continued to protest . 
 `` you said we could n't get out . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` there 's always a way , i just need to think . '' 
 i forcibly pulled my wrist free from his grip . 
 a spark of suspicion ignited in my head and i started to doubt kron 's motives . 
 `` well i think i 'd rather stay here . '' 
 `` but ... '' he glanced at the crowd , perhaps trying to decide whether he wanted to cause a scene . 
 all i knew was that wherever he was trying to take me , i did n't want to go . 
 `` fine , '' he finally conceded . 
 `` oh , he wo n't be happy , wo n't be happy at all , '' he said under his breath . 
 `` what ? 
 who wo n't be happy ? '' 
 `` you ca n't stop it , creyson ; he 'll make sure of it '' i took a step backwards . 
 `` i never told you my name . '' 
 he did n't respond ; instead he spun on the spot and ran away , disappearing into the crowd . 
 `` kron , '' i called , but he was gone . 
 i was tempted to chase after him , but kron 's speedy exit had drawn the prying eyes of fellow commuters who stared at me with curious suspicion . 
 not wanting to invite more attention ; i opted to remain where i was . 
 the encounter with kron had made me jittery . 
 finding a quiet bench away from the main congregation , i took a seat and waited for an official announcement . 
 i 'd been so focused on the chaos of the crowd , and kron 's random appearance , i had n't noticed the numerous military personnel situated around the station platform . 
 when a situation of turmoil presents itself , you look to people of authority for support and guidance . 
 these soldiers , however , appeared detached and unapproachable . 
 they carried intimidating weapons called jolts . 
 they 're long black sticks with a silver metal ball at the end . 
 these devices give an electrical charge that could bring down the largest of individuals ; a continuous blast could be lethal . 
 no doubt they were using these jolts to enforce crowd control if the circumstance required . 
 this was my second encounter with the military in less than a day , and that made me nervous . 
 several people attempted to converse with the soldiers , seeking answers , but they were dismissed or simply ignored . 
 one soldier in particular stood out , another familiar face . 
 you 'd think that would have made me feel secure , but this face made me uneasy . 
 junior commander fray tork . 
 his neck stretched to its limit , he perused the crowd before locking his eyes on me . 
 my anxiety increased as the imposing soldier advanced towards my bench . 
 i had nowhere to run , and i could n't avoid the encounter . 
 `` creyson parthy , '' announced tork in an official , business-like manner , stopping less than two paces away . 
 `` hello commander tork . '' 
 i responded apprehensively . 
 `` just the person i was looking for . '' 
 he grabbed my arm and pulled me to my feet . 
 `` come with me , please . '' 
 letting go , he began to walk away . 
 i did n't move . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i enquired . 
 he stopped and turned back to me . 
 `` because i 'm ordering you to . '' 
 i pride myself on my ability to read people , but reading tork was exceptionally difficult . 
 his expression remained blank , his eyes emotionless , and his body rigid . 
 `` today , mr parthy . '' 
 `` but ... '' before i could question him further , he marched away . 
 like kron , he was trying to get me out of the station , but i had more faith in a junior commander than a peculiar stranger with a hidden agenda . 
 with a sinking feeling in my stomach , i quickly followed , attempting to keep up with his rapid pace . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i sounded childish . 
 `` my orders are to collect you from the station and escort you to a classified location . '' 
 he glanced back at me . 
 `` keep up please . '' 
 i complied . 
 `` how did you know i 'd be here ? '' 
 `` surveillance footage showed you boarding the tram at lincoll station . '' 
 `` you 're watching me ? '' 
 he turned his head slightly and raised an eyebrow . 
 `` we watch everyone , mr parthy . '' 
 in life , there are many things i want to do ; i want to paint a world famous picture . 
 i want to invent something amazing . 
 i want to have a family . 
 being led away by the military to a classified location was not on the list . 
 i 'd done nothing wrong , i 'd not committed any crime , yet i was being detained . 
 if my resolve had been stronger or if i 'd maybe had some of zeal 's confidence , i would have questioned the order and demanded to know the reason for my detention . 
 however , that was n't me . 
 i 'm an upstanding citizen who follows orders and obeys the rules . 
 if tork wanted me to go with him , then that 's what i would do . 
 the commander made his way through the crowd towards the station exit . 
 his presence was so imposing the throng of travellers parted before him . 
 i could n't deny the soldier was impressive . 
 i trailed in his wake like a young lag following its mother . 
 a citizen being escorted by a junior commander had not gone unnoticed by the passengers of the tram . 
 they fell silent as they watched a single valiron being led away . 
 i passed kron who looked on , not with an expression of suspicion , but more of apprehension ; i doubted his anxiety was for my well-being . 
 we lived in uncertain times ; distrust and speculation were rife . 
 my story would spread across valiros . 
 i could see the news report , ` a young valiron was detained by the military following an unlikely break down in the tram system . ' 
 people would conclude i was somehow responsible for the tram 's failure ; ` the sabotage attempt was thwarted by the brave military . ' 
 they would interview kron , ` i knew something was n't right , ' he would say . 
 ` creyson parthy was completely uninterested in idle conversation , and he seemed distracted . ' 
 zeal would see the news report outlining my criminal act and she would refuse to bond with me . 
 `` i will never bond with creyson parthy , '' she would declare . 
 the village elders would exile me from danton . 
 a judge would read my sentence , `` creyson parthy , you have been found guilty of criminal acts against the people of valiros . '' 
 i would live the remainder of my days in a correctional facility with hardened criminals who would bully me daily . 
 this was all of course my own imagination . 
 yet i felt self-conscious and guilty of a crime of which i knew i was innocent . 
 keeping my eyes on the ground , i followed tork out of the station . 
 although i had no idea where i was being taken , i was relieved to be outside , away from the accusing glances . 
 the tram had returned to a station in a small village called lucor , home of miss trun and her eyewitness report . 
 i 'd visited the village with my mother a few weeks before she 'd vanished . 
 she was born in lucor and had lived here for nearly two cycles before being relocated to danton and bonded with my father . 
 i remembered the village being a colourful place , bustling with activity . 
 lucor was famous for its friendly residents and party atmosphere . 
 the lanes were lined with cafes and restaurants ; i remembered street sellers on every corner , and a joyous atmosphere that coursed through the village . 
 but on this day there were no street sellers , no packed cafes , no laughter or joy . 
 the streets were void of life , with the exception of the soldiers . 
 a bulky military vehicle , similar in design to the one zeal and i had encountered the previous day , was parked outside the entrance to the station . 
 tork opened one of the doors and gestured me to get inside . 
 i wanted to turn and run away ; i wanted to be a face lost in the crowd . 
 `` mr parthy , '' he stressed , his voice carrying an immense deal of authority , `` please get in . '' 
 i could n't read him , but i could read between the lines . 
 what tork actually said was , ` get in the vehicle or we 'll make you . ' 
 even if i had been braver , i did n't stand a chance of escaping . 
 if i tried , i 'd more than likely have a jolt plunged into my back and my unconscious body would be carried into the military vehicle . 
 my options were limited to one . 
 i obeyed tork 's command and entered the machine . 
 he slammed the door shut slightly harder than necessary . 
 the loud bang made my nerves jump . 
 the vehicle was as unattractive on the inside as it was on the out . 
 two metal benches ran parallel to each other , designed slightly too narrow to be comfortable . 
 the framework was welded together and appeared crude . 
 no attempt had been made to hide the working parts of the machine , exposing bolts , chains and cogs . 
 there were two circular windows either side of my bench . 
 each window was covered with a metal grate that allowed hardly any light to penetrate its interior . 
 the vehicle was clearly not built with comfort in mind . 
 the driver 's door swung open , and tork took his place behind the controls . 
 he flicked a switch and two metal plates dropped from the ceiling covering the windows completely . 
 an internal red light flicked on above my head . 
 its dull glow offered little illumination . 
 `` get comfortable , '' said tork with no hint of amusement . 
 `` do you know what happened to the tram ? '' 
 i was unable to hide the apprehension in my voice . 
 `` technical difficulties '' he said without hesitation . 
 it was a standard answer when you did n't want to give the real reason . 
 tork was lying . 
 ` technical difficulties ' was public relations jargon for , ` we do n't want to tell you the truth . ' 
 before i could say anything else , the machine rumbled to life , the engine causing the metal framework to vibrate . 
 the heavy vehicle pulled away with so much acceleration the velocity pinned me to the back of my cold metal seat . 
 after a few moments , i spoke again . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 `` a classified location '' `` where is it ? '' 
 `` if i told you that , it would n't be a classified location now , would it ? '' 
 `` i suppose not . '' 
 a couple of minutes passed before he spoke again . 
 `` how 's your life partner ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ? '' 
 `` feisty girl , sort of annoying . 
 zeal , was it ? '' 
 `` oh her . 
 erm ... yes , she 's fine . '' 
 my delayed response had given tork all he needed . 
 `` ah . 
 told a little lie , did you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know if i 'd call it a lie , more of an exaggeration . '' 
 `` but she 's not your life partner , is she ? '' 
 all bondings are recorded and logged . 
 it would have been easy for tork to confirm my bonded status , so lying further seemed futile . 
 biting my lip , i plumped for honesty . 
 i was n't sure how much trouble my confession would cause but considering i was already detained and being taken to a secret location , the risk seemed worth it for a clear conscience . 
 `` i thought you were going to take her away . '' 
 `` i was . 
 you must really like her . '' 
 his statement took me by surprise . 
 `` i would n't go that far . '' 
 i heard him chuckle . 
 `` who are you trying to fool ? '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` lying to the military is serious business . 
 you could have got yourself into a lot of trouble . 
 you do n't take that sort of risk for someone you do n't have feelings for . '' 
 his words gave me cause to pause . 
 `` like i said , it was n't really a lie . 
 we are due to be bonded , but things have taken a little longer than usual . '' 
 `` well you better do it soon ; otherwise you may be spending a lot of time in a vehicle just like this one . '' 
 if this was tork 's attempt at humour , i was not amused . 
 not wanting to discuss my forced bonding , or potential military career further , i chose to keep quiet for the remainder of the journey . 
 after a brief silence , tork suddenly spoke . 
 `` we have company . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means we 're being followed . '' 
 i looked through the dividing perspex shield between the front and rear compartments of the military machine . 
 a small screen in the centre of the dashboard showed an image that must have been transmitted from a camera at the back of the vehicle . 
 the pursuer was a slick , black vehicle with silver windows and a body that was low to the ground . 
 it looked like the sort of thing a villain would drive . 
 `` how do you know they 're following us ? '' 
 `` they 've been on our tail since the station . 
 i 've taken a few random turns to see if they 'd follow . '' 
 the picture began to get bigger . 
 `` why are you zooming in ? '' 
 `` i 'm not zooming , they 're getting closer . 
 hold on . '' 
 i scanned the compartment and took hold of a metal pipe running across the ceiling . 
 the vehicle unexpectedly lurched to the right , followed by an increase in speed . 
 i lost my grip on the pipe and banged into the dividing shield . 
 `` i said hold on , '' tork barked . 
 `` i 'm trying , '' i shouted back as i pulled myself back onto the bench . 
 we swerved again , this time to the left , and i heard the wheels skidding on the ground . 
 with no windows , i had no idea what was happening . 
 `` uh-oh , '' tork whispered . 
 `` uh-oh ? '' 
 `` it 's going to get a little bumpy , '' tork warned `` what do you mean ` going to ' ? '' 
 the entire vehicle pitched forward , and i felt the back lift off the ground then clang back onto the road . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 `` they just rammed us . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` whoever 's after you . '' 
 `` people are after me ? '' 
 `` really not the time for questions mr parthy . '' 
 i saw tork jam the steering lever hard to the right , and we suddenly broke into a spin , turning at least one hundred and ninety degrees . 
 my stomach flipped , and i felt bile gathering in my mouth . 
 we stopped for an instant , before racing off again . 
 `` time to go off road . '' 
 we tilted to the right again , and i could feel the ground beneath us change from smooth to rugged . 
 i waited for a minute , catching my breath . 
 `` is it over ? '' 
 `` i think we lost them . 
 you still in one piece ? '' 
 `` just about . '' 
 i was too distressed to speak . 
 we spent the subsequent twenty minutes in silence . 
 every jolt and twist pulsated through the metal bench and travelled through my body . 
 pins and needles surged down my legs and into my feet . 
 no matter how hard i tried , i was unable to get comfortable . 
 my head knocked against the back panel with every bump , and i slid up and down the bench every time the vehicle took a bend slightly too quickly . 
 no windows meant i had no idea where we were or even which direction we were travelling in . 
 eventually , and to my delight , we came to a halt . 
 `` this is your stop , mr parthy . '' 
 i did n't move . 
 `` and where 's that ? '' 
 `` that classified location i was talking about . '' 
 `` why am i here ? '' 
 `` all i know mr parthy is that a lot of important people want to talk to you . '' 
 `` i 'm nobody . '' 
 `` well from what i gather , you 're the most important nobody in valiros . 
 now get out . '' 
 i did n't want to open the door . 
 i did n't want to see what fate awaited me beyond the relative safety of the military machine . 
 this may not make sense , but i enjoy imagining the unknown but dislike the practicality of experiencing it . 
 i guess you could say i wanted to discover new things , provided i knew what those new things were . 
 tork stepped out of the vehicle then made his way around to my door . 
 he swung it open , and the compartment was flooded with light . 
 having adjusted to the relative darkness of my accommodation the sudden influx of light burnt my eyes . 
 tork 's large frame was silhouetted against the bright artificial lighting . 
 `` i do n't have all day , '' he said sternly . 
 i was fearful , and for a moment , the commander 's demeanour changed . 
 `` there 's no need to be afraid . '' 
 this flash of thoughtfulness was touching . 
 i believed him . 
 i stepped out of the vehicle , squinting against the glare . 
 tork was not alone ; another figure stood before me . 
 it was yet another familiar face . 
 `` welcome mr parthy . 
 ready for your first day ? '' 
 asked minister drake . 
 chapter nine ` dorow ' once my eyes had adjusted to the light i instantly recognised my whereabouts . 
 the vast expanse of wasteland situated on the outer edges of trans central was unmistakable ; tork had brought me to dorow . 
 having visited the area before , i should have been prepared for its size and scale , but i was still taken aback by the immense space . 
 the sandy coloured ground was rugged with boulders and rocks scattered across the surface . 
 the lights in dorow seemed brighter than anywhere else in valiros , banishing all shadows , and making the landscape feel unrealistically uniform in colour . 
 in the distance , a large yawning cave , known as the gateway cavern , dominated the landscape . 
 the gigantic fissure was strictly off limits , and as far as i was aware , had gone unexplored . 
 normally i would have gazed on in amazement at the sheer magnitude of dorow , but on this occasion there was a new spectacle to behold . 
 i looked in astonishment at a sight i can only describe as terrifying . 
 laid out before me were thousands of trojan devices . 
 a single solitary trojan was menacing enough ; en masse they were nerve jangling . 
 they were set out in orderly rows of hundreds , stretching into the distance as far as the eye could see . 
 i once described the trojans as ` ugly pieces of equipment ' , but in this setting they seemed to possess an almost eerie elegance , and an uncanny resemblance to an army poised to attack . 
 i held a deeply rooted fear of these devices , and this spectacle was not helping to alleviate those fears . 
 minister drake moved beside me , his grand height obscuring me in his shadow . 
 `` mr parthy , '' drake said , with no concern ; only firmness designed to get my attention , but no matter how hard i tried i could n't avert my eyes from the trojans . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you . 
 i trust junior commander tork made your journey comfortable . '' 
 `` there was an incident which required a little bit of creative driving , '' explained the solider . 
 i was lost for words . 
 `` what 's ... '' i felt like a child who had only basic verbal skills . 
 `` what ... is all this ? '' 
 was the only question i could form . 
 once again minister drake processed my words before responding . 
 `` all in good time , mr parthy . '' 
 i shook my head , squeezed my eyes shut , opened them , then closed them again . 
 i did n't trust my own senses , but every time i opened my eyes , the trojans remained . 
 `` sir , i ... '' `` no time , mr parthy . 
 we need to get moving , '' said drake . 
 his statement clicked my brain into gear , and my mind was suddenly flooded with questions . 
 they rolled off my tongue like water gushing from a tap . 
 `` why have you brought me here ? 
 what happened to the tram ? 
 why are the trojan devices here ? 
 why is the power failing ? 
 why are you ... ? '' 
 `` mr parthy , '' the minister snapped , bringing my interrogation to an abrupt end . 
 `` you 're here because you have to be . 
 as for the tram it was ordered to stop after the capital lost power . 
 trans central is currently being evacuated . '' 
 i could n't quite believe what i 'd heard . 
 trans central was far more than just a city ; it was the centrepiece of valiros . 
 without it , our beautiful and peaceful home would be plunged into hysteria . 
 whatever problems threatened the smaller communities , we took solace in knowing that trans central would remain a constant symbol of hope against adversity . 
 `` i know the outer communities do n't have back-up power systems , but trans central surely has back-ups , for back-ups , for back-ups . '' 
 `` it does indeed . '' 
 `` but if you 're saying the power systems have failed in the capital that must mean something catastrophic has happened . '' 
 i could n't hide the shock in my voice . 
 `` catastrophic may be a slight overstatement . 
 i prefer to think of it as an unfortunate incident that we 're attempting to resolve . '' 
 `` how is it possible ? 
 sir , we 're talking about trans central ! '' 
 `` i 'm sure this news comes as a shock , but all will become clear . '' 
 `` what about the high darlon council ? 
 where are they if they 're not in trans central ? '' 
 `` all high darlon officials have been transferred to our secondary headquarters . '' 
 `` so why are you wasting your time with me ? 
 surely you have more important things to do than worry about your aid 's first day . '' 
 `` actually , i said your ` official title ' would be as my aid . 
 this is where you and i are most needed . '' 
 `` and what 's my unofficial title ? '' 
 `` we really must get moving , '' he said , ignoring my question completely . 
 in all my life , i had never been so outspoken , but it seemed to me that the very fabric of my world was unravelling , and the minister 's dismissive attitude and refusal to answer a direct question sparked something inside me . 
 maybe it was because i was tired and scared ; maybe it was because my neck hurt , or maybe it was because i felt betrayed by people i had always defended ; whatever it was caused an immense anger to stir in my belly . 
 `` nothing about this makes any sense . 
 you stopped the tram ; hurting countless people in the process . 
 then you detained me in full view of the public , which was more than a little humiliating . 
 commander tork bundles me into a military vehicle with no reason or explanation , and transports me here in a high-speed chase . 
 you show me thousands of trojan devices , and finish off by telling me the capital has been evacuated . '' 
 `` a very concise account , mr parthy . '' 
 his flippant response only fuelled my rage . 
 `` and you do all this , but you wo n't even tell me why ? '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` watch your tone mr parthy , '' warned tork . 
 `` it 's quite alright commander , '' drake said smoothly . 
 he turned his attention back to me . 
 `` i apologise for the means by which you were brought here , but i 'm afraid time is of the essence . '' 
 `` this is ridiculous . '' 
 `` i can see how it may appear that way . '' 
 `` what makes me so special ? 
 i 'm nobody , all my life i 've been nobody . 
 i run errands , make coffee , file paperwork . 
 what possible use could i be to you ? '' 
 i 'd forgotten who i was talking too , or i did n't care . 
 i was on a roll , and there was no stopping me . 
 `` any explanation i give you at this time will be unbelievable . '' 
 `` try me . '' 
 i sneered . 
 the minister was not rising to my outburst . 
 he remained calm and collective . 
 `` i need you to trust that we know what we 're doing . 
 i promise you , all will become clear . '' 
 `` why is it so hard for you to give me a straight answer ? 
 it 's all lies and half-truths , riddles and misdirection . '' 
 my fury was becoming erratic and unfocused . 
 i was no longer angry about simply the situation but also with drake 's demeanour . 
 i realised out of the three of us , i was the only one who seemed to be aggravated , and strangely that made me even irater . 
 during my rather uncharacteristic aggressive bluster , junior commander tork had taken a step closer . 
 `` stay calm mr parthy . '' 
 i glared at him . 
 `` calm ? 
 you want me to stay calm ? '' 
 i was n't going to back down . 
 he placed a hand on my shoulder and squeezed hard . 
 `` yes . 
 i want you to stay calm . 
 do n't do anything you may regret . '' 
 tork was treating me like a prisoner under guard rather than an aid to minister drake . 
 i pulled away from him . 
 `` oh you 're good soldier , follow orders . '' 
 i was pushing my luck . 
 my head was screaming ` stop talking ' , but my ever-growing vehemence refused to quit . 
 `` it 's easy to stay calm when you know what 's going on . 
 you 're no better than the politicians who keep lying to us . '' 
 my accusation was unfair , but in the heat of the moment it seemed perfectly reasonable . 
 tork turned his attention to the threatening lines of devices laid out before us . 
 `` believe it or not mr parthy , i know as much as you do . '' 
 `` you did n't know the trojans were here ? '' 
 `` this is the first time i 've seen them . '' 
 `` i guess i 'm not the only one who 's being kept in the dark . '' 
 his eyes met the minister 's . 
 `` no , you 're not . '' 
 i 'm certain i heard a hint of annoyance in the commander 's voice . 
 finally , someone else was getting irritated . 
 `` commander , '' snapped drake . 
 he did n't seem to appreciate tork 's open confession . 
 the minister gave him a vicious look . 
 if i could have put the look into words , it would have been ` shut up . ' 
 tork averted his eyes . 
 a loyal soldier follows orders . 
 i was no soldier , so i pursued the matter for both of us . 
 `` so how did the trojans get here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the minister looked again at tork , visibly exasperated ; then back to me . 
 the lines in his brow grew deeper . 
 as if on cue , a cluster of trojan devices rocketed over our heads . 
 the sound of their engines filled the air , passing quickly as they sped towards the thousands of trojans already lined up in the wasteland . 
 miss trun 's eyewitness account had been movingly accurate ; they did resemble balls of fire in the sky . 
 i counted at least fifteen devices that landed gently on the ground adding to the mass of trojans . 
 `` they flew , '' drake remarked . 
 `` now we must get on . '' 
 the sudden , intense entrance of the trojans caused my anger to evaporate and nervousness to take its place . 
 drake and tork locked eyes again . 
 `` do you have anything else to add junior commander ? '' 
 we all knew what the response would be `` no sir , '' he reluctantly said . 
 my anger had fizzled out and i was slightly embarrassed by my behaviour . 
 `` i 'm sorry minister . '' 
 `` there 's no need to apologise . 
 i understand your frustration . '' 
 `` i guess it 's been an emotional couple of days . '' 
 `` i fear it may get worse before it gets better . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 drake was growing tired of my persistent questioning . 
 `` as i said , later mr parthy , later . '' 
 his attention switched to tork . 
 `` commander . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 was the quick official response . 
 he was back in his place , back in control . 
 `` we 've had reports that several more of the outer villages will be losing power . 
 please assemble your men and evacuate the residents as quickly as possible . '' 
 more power cuts ? 
 at this rate , the whole of valiros would be plunged back into darkness . 
 `` what do i tell them , sir ? 
 the people want answers . '' 
 `` technical difficulties . '' 
 and we all knew what that meant . 
 `` just keep them calm . 
 if all goes to plan we should have power restored within hours . '' 
 `` and if you do n't ? '' 
 it was now tork who was pushing his luck . 
 `` that 's not your concern . 
 you have your orders . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 playing the good soldier , tork turned and promptly climbed aboard the military machine . 
 a second later the engine roared to life and it pulled away leaving a trail of dust in its wake . 
 as i watched the vehicle trundle off into the distance , i became acutely aware of how alone we actually were . 
 no buildings , no people , no signs of civilisation at all ; more importantly , no modes of transport out of the wasteland . 
 the walk back to a habitable area would take at best , a day . 
 `` erm , minister ... how are we meant to get home ? '' 
 drake placed a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` do n't worry my small friend . '' 
 this attempt at reassurance did little to alleviate my anxiety . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 he said brightly before walking away from me in the direction of the trojan devices . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 i called after him . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i was no expert , and my sense of direction was sometimes unreliable , but i was certain the closest populated area was in the opposite direction . 
 `` come along mr parthy . 
 there are some people eager to meet you . '' 
 i scanned the horizon . 
 i knew there was a military base within dorow , but i could n't see it . 
 i had two choices ; i either followed the minister to places unknown or endeavoured to leave the region unaccompanied . 
 the choice was easy . 
 moving as fast as my small legs would carry me , i chased after the minister , whose enormous strides seem to cover three of my hurried steps . 
 we walked for a further fifteen minutes through the trojan devices . 
 it was haunting , like stepping through an alien world occupied by machines . 
 it did n't take long for my imagination to kick in . 
 i envisioned the devices springing to life , chasing after me and encasing me in their cocoons of metal . 
 that pesky fear was again taking over , and i was relieved when we arrived at a copious open plot of land beyond the devices . 
 the minister came to a stop . 
 `` here we are , '' he announced . 
 i could see nothing of significance ; only lifeless brown dirt . 
 `` erm , where exactly ? '' 
 with a smile , drake pulled out a small silver box from the inside of his jacket pocket . 
 in the centre of the box was a single red button . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` this ? 
 this is a key . '' 
 `` a key to where ? '' 
 `` the answers you 're looking for . '' 
 he pushed it . 
 the ground beneath our feet began to vibrate . 
 i looked back at the trojans assuming they had activated as normal , but the subtle vibration rapidly increased into an immense quake . 
 this was n't the trojan devices . 
 i misplaced my footing . 
 with a powerful grip , minister drake clutched my arm , keeping me on balance . 
 `` careful mr parthy . '' 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 i shouted over the racket . 
 there was panic in my voice , and i did n't attempt to hide it . 
 the minister seemed unaffected . 
 `` watch , '' he shouted back . 
 the vibration gave way to a huge , thunderous roar . 
 the ground in front of us began to split open , and the two halves began to separate like an apocalyptic event that threatened to swallow us both . 
 the sound of grinding metal pierced my ears , and tons of dust was thrown into the air clouding my vision . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and covered my ears . 
 the minister continued to hold tight , sending bolts of pain through my arm , which was the least of my concerns as i thought i was going to fall into the emerging abyss . 
 observing through squinting eyes , the two halves , that were revealing this monumental opening , slowed before clunking into place . 
 the dust began to settle like a hazy blanket covering the land . 
 i opened my eyes fully ; the remaining grit in the air stinging them and causing tears to run down my cheeks . 
 the open plot had transformed into a gaping hole in the ground with a staircase descending into the chasm . 
 i could n't see the bottom ; only darkness . 
 the void reminded me of stories i 'd heard as a child ; tales of ` drans ' the underworld , where my grandfather said ` unscrupulous valirons met their fate . ' 
 `` after you , '' said the minister , gesturing to the newly formed cavity . 
 i was hesitant to move , alternating my glance between the staircase and the minister . 
 `` you want me to go down there ? '' 
 `` i can assure you , '' he continued , `` it 's perfectly safe . '' 
 i mustered every ounce of courage i could rally and slowly entered the hole . 
 each step was a personal battle of will as i approached the foreboding darkness . 
 minister drake stayed close behind . 
 as i stepped ever deeper , i could n't help but wonder what mysteries lay beyond the staircase . 
 before the gloom had a chance to engulf me completely , i turned back to the minister . 
 `` sir ... please ... why am i here ? '' 
 a sympathetic smile crept across his face . 
 `` because , mr parthy , you could very well be our last hope . '' 
 chapter ten ` the hub ' the flight of stairs led to a long , narrow tunnel . 
 concealed lights , embedded in the smooth walls of the passageway , sprang to life as i stepped onto the glistening floor at the base of the staircase . 
 the curved ceiling joined seamlessly to the silver walls that rounded into the mirrored floor . 
 the reflective surfaces caused the light to bounce around the space giving it an almost magical appearance . 
 at the far end of the corridor , i could make out a single metal door with a small blue control panel to its right . 
 i could hear the gentle hum of electricity coursing through the walls and could feel its power pulsating under foot . 
 the minister pressed the red button on ` the key ' and the previous roaring sound returned as the massive opening above us began to close . 
 the deafening noise was even louder within the confines of this underground location . 
 i leaned against the wall in an attempt to keep my balance , but found it difficult to get a grip on its silky surface . 
 light from the outside world slowly slipped away . 
 the great opening closed with a final thud . 
 the corridor now felt like a tomb sealing us inside for all time . 
 minister drake paid little attention to the closure of the aperture . 
 `` this way , '' drake said , his voice echoing in the passageway . 
 stepping past me , he continued his journey down the corridor . 
 with nowhere else to go , i had little choice but to follow him . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 i asked in a hushed tone , for fear my mere presence would be considered an invasion . 
 `` this is the valiros centre of new technology and science . 
 we call it ` the hub ' . '' 
 `` why 's it underground ? '' 
 `` its existence is a highly guarded secret . '' 
 `` and what do you do here ? '' 
 up until this day , i had n't realised quite how inquisitive i was , but i could n't help myself . 
 `` many things . '' 
 the minister paused . 
 `` it so happens it was on this exact site broter penn discovered the first light source . '' 
 `` you mean invented , '' i corrected . 
 `` i mean discovered , '' he said again . 
 the corridor seemed pointlessly long . 
 there were no other doors or access points . 
 i had n't noticed initially , but the corridor was also on a slight incline taking us ever deeper underground . 
 finally , we arrived at the large metal door . 
 from what i could see there were no hinges or joins . 
 the door appeared to almost bond to the surrounding wall as if it were welded shut . 
 it was tall ; conveniently the perfect height for minister drake . 
 the panel to the right of the door was a flat square of glowing blue glass . 
 there were no buttons to speak of . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` ready for what ? '' 
 drake chuckled as he skimmed his hand over the small panel that instantly changed colour from blue to green . 
 i expected the door simply to open , glide to one side or perhaps be lifted into the ceiling ; but instead it began to disappear . 
 at first i thought my mind was playing tricks on me , but within seconds the door had completely faded away . 
 `` how ... how did you do that ? '' 
 `` new technology and science mr parthy , '' said drake , as if that would answer all my questions . 
 `` there are many wonders to be discovered here . '' 
 beyond the vanishing door was a sizeable room . 
 it looked as if someone had taken the corridor and expanded it to gigantic proportions . 
 the room was dome shaped and had the same smooth walls and reflective floor as the corridor , with lighting that seemed to emanate from within the walls themselves . 
 a second mezzanine level circled the control centre with a transparent floor and banister that made it look as if people were practically walking on air . 
 the vast space was filled with scientists in white lab coats busily working , flitting from place to place in a cacophony of activity . 
 the room was adorned with various pieces of equipment consisting of monitors , dials and buttons all accompanied by flashing lights . 
 small viewing terminals were placed around the room displaying data for the scientists to read and analyse . 
 in the centre of the room was a mammoth circular silver table , its surface covered with sheets of paper , files and folders . 
 surrounding the table were twelve uncomfortable looking high-backed metal chairs on wheels that would allow its dweller to roll to different points within the room . 
 each seat was occupied by a scientist , each of them busily speaking at the same time . 
 at the far end of the room was an enormous viewing terminal that dominated the entire wall . 
 information was constantly being displayed on the screen , changing every few seconds ; statistics , images of valiros and the trojans , as well as names of villages , times and dates . 
 there was also a list of names in the bottom left corner , names i knew all too well . 
 they were the names of my family ; my mother , grandfather , and at the very top ; ` creyson parthy ' . 
 to me the room looked like organised chaos . 
 i wondered how they could achieve anything in such a hectic environment . 
 as i watched the commotion in the room , something struck me as odd . 
 several of the scientists matched drake 's height and slightly strange looking appearance . 
 each of them had the same peculiar device in their ear that i 'd spotted on minister drake the previous day . 
 no-one paid much attention to the disappearing door or even acknowledged the arrival of minister drake . 
 `` welcome to the hub , '' he said with an undoubted level of pride . 
 `` this place is amazing . '' 
 `` come . '' 
 the minister strolled into the room . 
 he was like a proud father showing off his newborn . 
 i looked back at the doorway . 
 the metal door had reappeared . 
 this technology was incredible and could easily be mistaken for magic . 
 as well as scientists there were also military personnel placed around the room . 
 one of them looked slightly nervous and held the jolt as if he were afraid of electrocuting himself . 
 his uniform did n't fit properly , and he shuffled from one foot to the other . 
 i 'd recognise my friend anywhere . 
 `` benton . '' 
 i jogged over . 
 he looked relieved to see me . 
 `` crey , what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` that 's what i was going to ask you . 
 should n't you be in training ? '' 
 `` after they collected me yesterday they said training was being suspended . 
 they said all military personnel were on active duty then assigned me here . 
 it 's crazy , they gave me some other guy 's uniform , shoved a jolt in my hand and told me ` you 're a soldier ' . 
 i do n't even know how to fire this thing . '' 
 `` that 's not crazy , it 's stupid . 
 do you have any idea what 's going on ? '' 
 `` only what i 've overheard . 
 people are scared crey . 
 the trojan devices are coming to dorow , and the power is failing all over valiros . '' 
 `` what 's the military involvement ? '' 
 `` our orders are to keep the peace , but we have n't been told what 's going on . '' 
 `` why they wo n't tell us what 's happening ? '' 
 `` it 's typical of the government , would you expect anything less ? 
 if they 're not lying , then they 're not saying anything at all . '' 
 `` have you heard anything else ? '' 
 `` the gateway cavern has been mentioned a few times . 
 the scientists are really concerned about it . '' 
 `` have they said why ? '' 
 `` not exactly . 
 a couple of them were talking about trying to seal it . 
 and your name keeps getting thrown around . '' 
 `` my name ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 ` where 's creyson parthy ? ' 
 ` when 's creyson parthy getting here ? ' 
 i assumed you 'd know more than i do . '' 
 `` afraid not . '' 
 `` do you know if danton 's been evacuated ? '' 
 `` yesterday . '' 
 `` my family , are they ... . 
 are they safe ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , benton . '' 
 `` mr parthy , '' called drake . 
 `` look , i better go back . '' 
 `` it 's good to see you crey . '' 
 `` you too . 
 i 'll speak to you later . '' 
 `` be careful . '' 
 `` try not to electrocute yourself with the jolt . '' 
 `` funny . '' 
 i ran back over and stepped next to the minister . 
 `` a friend of yours ? '' 
 `` we 're from the same village . 
 it 's only his second day as a soldier . '' 
 `` minister drake ! '' 
 the high-pitched voice pierced above the bustle of activity . 
 i searched for the source of the voice and spotted a somewhat preposterous looking scientist with large unkempt red hair , thick-rimmed glasses , odd matching shoes , and a rather mucky lab coat . 
 the valiron was a walking stereotype . 
 `` doctor flon ! '' 
 the minister appeared pleased to see this madcap scientist . 
 i leaned into drake and whispered , `` you know him ? '' 
 `` he 's one of our greatest minds . '' 
 `` him ? '' 
 `` do n't judge a book by its cover , mr parthy . '' 
 the idiotically presented doctor stumbled his way over to us , bumping into people as he went , apologising each time . 
 drake continued . 
 `` doctor flon is head of research and development here at the hub . 
 he works directly for the high darlon council . '' 
 `` head of research and development ? 
 really ? '' 
 i did n't mean to sound so surprised . 
 `` he 's what you 'd call ... unique , '' he said with a sly smile . 
 flon came to an overly dramatic halt ; arms waving in the air in an excessively exaggerated manner , a smile beaming on his face . 
 `` minister drake , '' he exclaimed , enthusiastically offering his hand to the minister . 
 `` it 's so very good to see you , sir . '' 
 `` likewise . '' 
 the minister took his hand , and flon shook it fervently . 
 after a moment , his gaze switched to me . 
 `` ah , is this ... ? '' 
 `` yes it is . '' 
 `` wonderful ! 
 mr creyson parthy . 
 i suspected you would n't get here . '' 
 there was a familiar expression on his face that stirred a memory , but i could n't put my finger on it . 
 drake proceeded with introductions `` mr parthy , this is doctor cowry flon . 
 doctor flon , may i introduce mr creyson parthy . '' 
 `` it 's an absolute pleasure , '' said the doctor grabbing my hand and shaking it with more heartiness than he did minister drake 's . 
 `` an absolute pleasure , '' he repeated . 
 i was speechless so i simply forced an uncomfortable smile . 
 `` say hello mr parthy , '' the minister encouraged . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` hello ! '' 
 his voice hurt my ears . 
 `` oh , whatever must you think ? 
 i apologise for my appearance , it 's been quite a day . '' 
 `` any change ? '' 
 asked the minister , a business tone returning to his voice . 
 `` change ? '' 
 asked flon to himself . 
 `` change ! 
 yes , change ! 
 that 's what i wanted to talk to you about . '' 
 the doctor still kept a firm grip on my hand . 
 he looked at me with a wacky gaze . 
 `` you 're hand ! 
 i 'm sure you 'd like it back . '' 
 `` if you would n't mind , '' i said . 
 i was beginning to find him quite amusing . 
 `` not at all . '' 
 he thankfully released his grip . 
 `` right , down to business . '' 
 he paused , confusion spreading across his face . 
 `` what was i saying ? '' 
 he directed his question to me . 
 `` erm ... change ? '' 
 i warily answered . 
 `` change , yes of course . 
 thank you creyson . 
 do you mind if i call you creyson . '' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 he addressed the minister . 
 `` we 've lost power to over half of valiros , and a further two hundred trojan devices have arrived in dorow . 
 the trojans are currently at sixty-three percent power and rising . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 the minister was concerned but did n't look surprised by the report . 
 `` how about the gateway cavern ? 
 can we seal it ? '' 
 `` i 've run the calculations and , although theoretically plausible , to obtain the resources required will simply take more time than we have . '' 
 for a moment minister drake looked defeated . 
 flon continued in his upbeat manner `` let 's hope creyson ; do you mind if i call you creyson ? '' 
 flon asked me again . 
 i smiled . 
 `` feel free . '' 
 `` let 's hope creyson can put an end to this . 
 can you mr parthy ? '' 
 i paused , looking at drake then back to flon . 
 `` sorry , i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` oh . 
 that 's ... unfortunate . '' 
 i felt as if i 'd somehow let flon down . 
 `` what do all these people do here ? '' 
 `` oh , lots . '' 
 he addressed the room . 
 `` you all do lots of things , do n't you ? '' 
 no-one answered . 
 he turned back to me `` of course their attention is focused on the trojan devices at the moment . 
 we can hopefully stop them from attacking . '' 
 `` attacking ! '' 
 i repeated with a gulp . 
 `` mr parthy has not yet been briefed about the situation . '' 
 drake quickly said . 
 flon leaned into me as if delivering a piece of gossip . 
 `` oh you 're in for a treat . 
 it 's a fascinating story . '' 
 `` doctor flon , '' drake said , `` why do n't you ask security to escort mr parthy to the guest suite . 
 i believe there 's someone who would like to see him . '' 
 `` who would want to see me ? '' 
 i pondered aloud . 
 it was flon who answered . 
 `` ooo , she 's an irritating young girl who insists on moaning about absolutely everything . 
 when i was questioning her she made some rather offensive comments about my appearance , and insisted on calling me flob ... '' `` thank you doctor flon . '' 
 the minister interjected . 
 he appeared to have a great deal of patience with the doctor . 
 `` she claims to be your life partner . 
 i believe her name is ... '' i finished his sentence . 
 `` zeal lotzer . '' 
 chapter eleven ` the guest suite ' two armed guards , who had no desire to engage in small talk , escorted me to the guest suite . 
 i was perplexed by zeal 's presence in the hub . 
 minister drake had been vague with his explanation , and i was keen to hear the reason for her being there . 
 the term ` guest suite ' paints a picture of glamour and indulgence . 
 i expected decadent decoration ; layers of pillows and throws , the walls adorned with beautiful pictures set in extravagant frames ; or even a modern , slick room that reflected the wondrous design of this marvellous complex . 
 the guest suite in the hub failed to live up to either depiction . 
 it was far from the lap of luxury that its title implied . 
 it was a grey , windowless box that offered little comfort . 
 a bunk bed was pushed up against a wall ; two metal chairs , and a small table were situated in the middle of the room ; on the wall hung a mirror that had a crack running down its centre . 
 the suite was cold with a tinge of damp in the air . 
 it bore a closer resemblance to a prison cell rather than a place for guests to relax . 
 when they were building the hub it appeared little attention was given to the guest accommodation . 
 on entering the room , i could instantly feel zeal 's discontent radiating from every pore of her body . 
 she sat on one of the metal chairs ; her uncomfortable surroundings doing little to help her already declining disposition . 
 her arms were folded , her face set in a deep scowl . 
 she glared across the room at me remaining silent ; waiting for the guards to leave . 
 zeal was many things but reserved was not one of them . 
 she was clearly riled and eager to express her opinions . 
 the guards turned to leave the room , part of me wanted the armed escort to remain , to protect me from the crazed girl sitting a few paces away . 
 the door gently closed , the lock clicking in place . 
 i noticed you could n't open the door from the inside . 
 there was no escape . 
 `` is n't this a surprise , '' she snarled . 
 `` hello zeal . '' 
 i cautiously said . 
 her eyes bore down on me . 
 `` hello zeal ? 
 that 's all you have to say ? 
 hello zeal ? '' 
 she was wound so tight she was ready to snap . 
 `` erm ... how are you ? '' 
 it was a stupid question , but i was n't sure what else to say . 
 `` how am i ? '' 
 i wished she would have stopped repeating everything i said . 
 `` why do n't i tell you ? '' 
 and so it began . 
 i stood , immobile while she ranted about : - her treatment - `` it was shocking ! '' 
 the appalling food - `` revolting ! '' 
 her quarters - `` filthy and repugnant ! '' 
 their host 's manners - `` horrendous ! '' 
 zeal was skilled at articulating her misgivings , whether they were welcome or not . 
 she paced the room , arms waving in the air for dramatic effect . 
 during her entire outburst , she did n't once offer an explanation as to why she had been brought here , and i was n't allowed a beat to ask . 
 i listened but remained unresponsive . 
 i may have been in the room , but my mind drifted away . 
 this stance did not go down well with the already enraged zeal . 
 stopping mid-sentence , she once again glared at me . 
 her silence brought me crashing back into the room . 
 if looks could kill , i would n't have stood a chance . 
 `` hello ? 
 creyson parthy , are you listening to me ? '' 
 `` yes ... yes of course . '' 
 `` then say something , '' she demanded . 
 finally , i had a chance to ask the only question that was on my mind . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` what am i doing here ? '' 
 screeched zeal . 
 she was still repeating me . 
 her voice had moved higher in pitch , becoming increasingly painful to the ear . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i did n't want to be drawn into an argument . 
 `` i asked first ? '' 
 `` do n't be clever , creyson parthy , '' she spat . 
 i reminded myself that not too long ago i was the one ranting , consumed by an anger that overruled my senses . 
 she had just as much right to be enraged as i did . 
 `` please , just tell me . '' 
 i pleaded . 
 her face softened . 
 she marched to the bunk and slumped onto the bed like a pouting child . 
 `` why do n't you ask your friends ? '' 
 she was referring to the people who brought me here . 
 the assumption that those people were my friends annoyed me . 
 `` they 're not my friends ! '' 
 i barked back . 
 i instantly regretted my defensive tone . 
 she stood . 
 `` do n't you dare get angry with me creyson parthy ! '' 
 zeal was itching for a fight , and i do n't think she cared who with . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry . '' 
 i took a breath . 
 `` i just want to know , need to know , why you 're here . '' 
 she ignored my question and slumped back on the bed . 
 `` i know you 're upset . 
 maybe if you talked about what happened , it might help . '' 
 `` upset does n't even come close . 
 you have no idea what kind of day i 've had . '' 
 her voice cracked , and i was certain i saw a tear in her eye . 
 this was the second time i 'd seen her in a vulnerable state . 
 i was learning that zeal used her bravado as a means to hide her true emotions . 
 this may have been an act to gain my sympathy , but still i felt melancholic . 
 i moved to the bed and took a seat next to her . 
 `` then why do n't you tell me , '' i said as soothingly as possible . 
 zeal sniffled and looked up at me with her big , sad eyes . 
 she really was beautiful . 
 `` it 's alright . '' 
 i placed an arm around her , offering zeal an affection i did n't believe i possessed . 
 perhaps tork was right ; perhaps i did like her more than i wanted to admit . 
 she began to sob on my chest . 
 i found this sincere display of emotion incredibly ... disturbing . 
 zeal was proud of her strength , determination and unflagging willpower . 
 i had always considered these traits to be failings on her part , but i was learning they were something to be commended not ostracized . 
 she would normally be embarrassed to show any weakness , but she cared enough for me to lower her defences . 
 that notion touched me . 
 this close contact was new , awkward and uncomfortable . 
 i sat in silence while i allowed her time to compose herself . 
 after a few minutes , i spoke . 
 `` zeal , i do n't want to fight with you . 
 just tell me what happened ? '' 
 `` well , '' she said , fighting the tears back , `` after you went to work i was deciding what i would have for breakfast since you did n't make me anything before you left . 
 did you know you have absolutely no food in your cupboards ? '' 
 the touching moment was passing , and the old zeal was swiftly returning . 
 i could have pointed out the reason i had no food was because she 'd eaten it all , but this did n't seem like the time . 
 she carried on with her account `` i 'd just decided to go out for food , when all of a sudden everything went dark . '' 
 `` my unit lost power ? '' 
 `` not just our unit , '' she said , emphasising the ` our ' `` outside as well . 
 it was just like danton . 
 then without so much as a knock on the door , two brutish soldiers came bursting in . 
 i was horrified , and demanded to know what they were doing . 
 they told me the military had taken control of the area and that i had to evacuate . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 zeal stood to re-enact the event . 
 `` i told them , i was n't going anywhere , and if they tried to remove me by force then they 'd live to regret it . 
 i stood my ground and refused to budge . '' 
 zeal had been known to exaggerate or at the very least embellish her accounts , so i was heedful to bear that in mind . 
 i would have to sift through her tale of bravery to get to the facts . 
 `` you should have seen me , creyson parthy . 
 i was like a warrior ready to battle the oppressive military . 
 i ordered them to leave my unit immediately . '' 
 `` you ordered the soldiers , really ? '' 
 `` are you questioning me creyson parthy ? '' 
 `` no , no , not at all . 
 carry on . '' 
 she continued . 
 `` they said i did n't have a choice , and that the order to evacuate had come directly from the high darlon council . 
 they said if i had any grievances i should take it up with them . '' 
 `` a lot of areas have been evacuated , including trans central . '' 
 `` the capital 's been evacuated ? '' 
 `` earlier today . 
 so what did you do after the soldiers said you did n't have a choice ? '' 
 `` i played the only card i had left . '' 
 `` which was ? '' 
 `` i told them about you . '' 
 i did n't like where this was going . 
 `` what exactly did you tell them ? '' 
 `` i told them that you were my life partner and that you worked for the high darlon council . '' 
 `` zeal ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` i told them if they did n't leave then you would deal with them directly . '' 
 she was apparently pleased with herself . 
 she was driving me crazy . 
 `` firstly ; i 'm not your life partner , and secondly ; i 'm only an aid , a runner . 
 what did you think i could do to the soldiers ? 
 give them one lump of sugar in their coffee instead of two ?! '' 
 `` you asked me what happened , did n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , but ... i. . . '' 
 if i were n't careful zeal would shut down altogether and plunge into one of her sulks . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 what happened next ? '' 
 `` they said they knew exactly who you were , and that their commanding officer was on his way to lucor station to collect you . '' 
 `` tork . '' 
 `` ah , our junior commander . '' 
 `` he 's the one who brought me here . '' 
 `` what 's really weird is they said there was no record of our bonding ... '' `` because we have n't been bonded ! '' 
 my head was staring to hurt . 
 `` do n't raise your voice to me . 
 you 're the one who lied in the first place . '' 
 `` i was trying to save you from being arrested . '' 
 `` i did n't need saving . 
 anyway , you did n't let me finish . 
 it was n't just the bonding they were talking about ; the unit was listed as vacant . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` empty . 
 uninhabited . 
 unoccupied . 
 `` i know what vacant means . 
 it must have still been listed in my grandfather 's name . '' 
 `` i said it was ridiculous and there must have been some sort of mistake . 
 but then they said there was also no record of you ever living in danton or working for the high darlon council . 
 according to the soldiers , creyson parthy does n't exist , at least not on paper . '' 
 `` that 's rubbish ! '' 
 `` stop yelling at me . '' 
 she was causing my heart to beat frantically . 
 i took a breath . 
 `` sorry . 
 what did they do then ? '' 
 `` they began to search the unit . 
 they went through drawers , cupboards , books , everything . '' 
 i remembered the open door when zeal and i returned from danton . 
 i assumed i 'd forgotten to lock it but maybe there had been an intruder , and maybe the intruder was after the same thing the military were . 
 but what was it ? 
 `` did they say what they were looking for ? '' 
 `` not to me . 
 the next thing i know i 'm being bundled into the back of a military vehicle . 
 i did n't make it easy for them , let me tell you . 
 those soldiers did n't know what 'd hit them . 
 i struggled and kicked and landed a few good punches . '' 
 i was certain parts of zeal 's story were true , but the far-fetched nature of her tale suggested that she was once again embellishing it to enhance her bravery in adversity . 
 more than likely she had objected , struggled slightly , but ultimately went with little resistance . 
 zeal was a skilled hunter and a reasonable fighter , but even she could n't take on two highly trained members of the armed forces . 
 i needed to pick the fact from fiction . 
 `` we drove for hours . '' 
 an hour at the most , `` and i was n't the only one . 
 there must have been at least twenty of us crammed in that little space . '' 
 i knew the vehicle could sit six , so i doubted they were crammed . 
 `` we stopped at lucor where everybody else got off , but i was told to stay onboard . '' 
 `` did they say why ? '' 
 `` you tell me ? '' 
 i had no answer . 
 `` we eventually arrived here , at dorow . 
 then this huge hole opened up in the ground . 
 i 've never seen anything like it . 
 it must have been a million paces wide ! '' 
 forty at the most . 
 `` it scared me too . '' 
 `` i did n't say i was scared . '' 
 i humoured her . 
 `` of course you were n't . '' 
 `` and another thing ; did you know all the missing trojans are here ? '' 
 `` i saw them . '' 
 `` i started to ask questions , but they did n't like it one bit . 
 they marched me into this cell ... '' `` guest suite . '' 
 i corrected her . 
 `` does it look like a guest suite to you ? '' 
 i had to agree with her there . 
 `` they marched me into this cell and locked the door behind me . '' 
 zeal was noticeably insulted by her treatment , and with good reason . 
 i was loath to agree with her , but being forced from your home , shoved into a military vehicle , and sealed in a cell without a word of explanation was unacceptable . 
 `` did they say anything else to you ? '' 
 `` about ten minutes later a crazy scientist bursts into the room . 
 flob or something . '' 
 `` flon . '' 
 zeal did n't like being corrected . 
 `` another one of your friends ? '' 
 `` they 're not ... '' i stopped myself . 
 `` carry on . '' 
 `` anyway , he looked ridiculous whoever he was . 
 he began asking me about a code . '' 
 `` a code for what ? '' 
 `` that 's what i said . 
 also he wanted to know if you 'd told me anything about the trojans . 
 then he got a call saying that minister drake had arrived , and he left . 
 twenty minutes later , you walk through the door . '' 
 i could n't help but feel responsible for this chain of events that i 'd instigated by implying she was my life partner . 
 zeal had now been unwittingly drawn into a state of affairs that neither of us understood . 
 standing in the guest suite , i made a promise to never to lie again . 
 `` you 're here because of me , '' i apologetically said . 
 `` oh , get over yourself . 
 it 's not all about you , creyson parthy . '' 
 i tried not to bite , but failed . 
 `` you have a better explanation ? '' 
 there came a knock on the chamber door . 
 `` if that 's them , '' said zeal `` tell them , i want to speak to whoever 's in charge . '' 
 any frailty in her voice had vanished . 
 `` just stay calm , okay ? '' 
 i rose from the bed , and moved to the door . 
 with no handle to open it , i called out , `` hello ? '' 
 the door swung open and doctor flon stood before me , more fanatical and dishevelled than earlier ; if that 's possible . 
 `` ah , creyson ! 
 do you mind if i call you creyson ? '' 
 flon 's voice was full of anticipation . 
 `` feel free . '' 
 `` marvellous . 
 are you finished ? '' 
 `` erm ... '' i looked back at zeal . 
 `` excellent ! 
 i need you to come with me . '' 
 zeal immediately stomped over , pushing me out of the way to confront the eccentric doctor . 
 `` listen flob . '' 
 `` flon . '' 
 i pointed out . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 i did . 
 `` he 's not going anywhere without me , do you understand ? '' 
 her hostility appeared to shock the doctor . 
 `` well , yes i understand , but i 'm afraid that 's not possible . 
 you must remain here . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she questioned . 
 `` because you simply have nothing we need . '' 
 his voice was perky ; not the reaction zeal had hoped for . 
 she 'd reached boiling point . 
 `` if you do n't let me out of here i 'll take those glasses off your head and shove them right up your ... '' i stepped in . 
 `` it 's okay , zeal . 
 look , you stay here and i 'll find out what 's going on . '' 
 this only fuelled her rage . 
 `` ah ! 
 taking his side are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm not taking sides , i 'm ... '' `` no ! 
 it 's fine ! 
 go ! 
 leave me all alone . 
 go on ! '' 
 `` zeal , '' i pleaded . 
 she stamped back to the bed and slumped onto the hard mattress ; arms folded , lips pouting . 
 i kept my temper in check . 
 `` i 'll speak to the minister about letting you out . '' 
 she kept her eyes fixed on the floor . 
 `` oh , are you still here ? 
 i thought you 'd abandoned me . '' 
 she was in full sulking mode . 
 `` time 's ticking , creyson , '' prattled flon in an inappropriately excitable tone . 
 it was pointless trying to reconcile with zeal . 
 the best course of action was to leave her alone to calm down . 
 `` i 'll be back as soon as i can . 
 okay ? '' 
 she huffed and turned her face away . 
 i walked out of the ` guest suite ' giving zeal one last compassionate glance then closed the door behind me . 
 as the door began to swing shut , unknown to me at the time , zeal leaped from the bed and prevented the latch from catching . 
 the hunter was loose . 
 chapter twelve ` a trojan keeper ' flon led me through an endless maze of passageways . 
 the vastness of the hub was astounding . 
 we passed one doorway after another , several staircases , and lifts that were in constant use . 
 scientists and guards walked by offering a welcoming nod , and flon acknowledged them with a wholehearted `` hello ! '' 
 every corridor appeared identical to the last ; slick but characterless . 
 i imagined it would be extremely easy to get turned around ; if i 'd been alone i could have been lost for cycles . 
 i was n't convinced flon had the best sense of direction . 
 he constantly second-guessed himself at every junction . 
 he often retraced our steps , and we ended up back where we started . 
 he kept mumbling `` which way was it ? '' 
 and , `` i 'm certain this is the right place . '' 
 and , `` definitely this way . '' 
 throughout our journey doctor flon gibbered on about the construction of this massive complex that was buried beneath the dorow wasteland . 
 `` the hub took over two thousand valirons and nearly three cycles to build , '' he boasted . 
 according to the eccentric scientist , the compound was constructed over sixty cycles ago . 
 `` around the same time as ` the change ' . '' 
 i noted . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , i suppose it was . 
 ooh , this way . '' 
 he was quick to change the subject . 
 we turned down yet another nondescript corridor . 
 `` the hub houses twenty-two laboratories , nineteen food stores , three medical bays , and is capable of accommodating up to four thousand evacuees in nine communal dormitories , if the need arises . '' 
 `` what sort of need ' ? '' 
 `` i suppose a disaster of some kind . '' 
 `` and who decides who stays and who does n't ? '' 
 `` that would fall to the high darlon council . '' 
 i found his answer unsettling . 
 `` the upper classes would of course take priority '' `` and what about the outer communities ? '' 
 `` most likely they would partake in a lottery of some form . '' 
 `` that does n't seem very fair . '' 
 `` unfortunately that 's the society we 've created . '' 
 this line of questioning was making the doctor uncomfortable , so he returned to talking about the hub . 
 `` the entire complex is underground and covers nearly three miles . '' 
 this place was larger than i originally thought . 
 without an external view to gauge its magnitude , the scale and grandeur of this development was almost unimaginable . 
 the doctor continued to ramble through an array of statistics and trivia . 
 `` we attempt to recycle everything , including , '' he coughed , `` waste . 
 also areas not in use are powered down to conserve energy . 
 there are three hundred and twenty two scientists and military personnel who work in the hub ; they also reside here on semi cycle rotations . '' 
 `` how long have you been here ? '' 
 `` i was born here . 
 the hub is the only home i 've known . '' 
 he seemed a little sad . 
 `` do you ever leave ? '' 
 `` when the opportunity arises . 
 i enjoy the odd trip to the capital , and i have several friends scattered throughout valiros . 
 my son works in a village on the edge of the city . '' 
 if flon had lived in this complex his entire life no wonder he was a little odd . 
 the hub was impressive , but with no character or soul , it was hardly an inspirational place to live . 
 i was beginning to understand him . 
 he babbled on . 
 `` the hub also doubles as the high darlon council 's emergency bunker . '' 
 i stopped dead in my tracks . 
 `` the high darlon council ? 
 are they here now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` are they here ? 
 erm ... yes ... i believe they are . '' 
 flon was flustered . 
 `` why do n't i tell you about the ventilation system ? 
 it 's quite fascinating ... '' as flon flew into a detailed description of the air filtration system , i allowed my mind to wonder . 
 i began to examine the events of the past two days . 
 i wanted to piece the clues together and form a solid picture of what was happening . 
 my grandfather 's position within the council must have been more significant than just an aid to minister drake . 
 whatever his role , his passing had thrown the government into disarray . 
 then there were his strange words that i accredited to old age the day he died . 
 one phase later and i 'm offered his position , a position i was clearly not qualified for . 
 at this point i could safely assume it was a pretence to something else . 
 zeal 's aggressive capture and subsequent questioning regarding this mysterious code was once again linked to me . 
 the soldiers searched my home , which would suggest the first intruder was part of a separate faction . 
 the soldiers claimed to have no record of my existence . 
 who would erase me , and why ? 
 the trojans arriving in dorow and the power loss that covered over half of valiros must be connected somehow . 
 finally , there was kron . 
 who was he ? 
 who did he work for ? 
 i thought summarising the details would help clear things up , but all it served to do was confuse me even more . 
 it was all very peculiar . 
 i felt like i had all the answers if only i were able to ask the right questions . 
 `` ... and that 's how the air filtration system works , '' flon concluded . 
 `` any questions ? '' 
 not wanting to appear rude , i looked at the doctor with phony amazement . 
 `` none . '' 
 i was winging it . 
 `` it all seems quite straight forward . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 questioned flon . 
 `` i thought it was quite complex . '' 
 busted . 
 `` you 're right , it is ... erm ... but you made it sound so simple . '' 
 i smiled nervously hoping the zany scientist would n't notice my deceit . 
 so much for my promise never to lie again . 
 `` thank you creyson . 
 i 'm usually accused of over complicating things . '' 
 `` you do n't say . '' 
 my sarcasm was n't very subtle . 
 `` it 's true . 
 minister drake says i 'm prone to waffling . '' 
 he came to a stop at another intersection . 
 he was lost . 
 `` left or right ? '' 
 `` do you know where you 're going ? '' 
 `` most of the time . 
 left . '' 
 he began walking down another corridor . 
 `` this way . '' 
 i dubiously followed . 
 at the end of the passageway , we arrived at flon 's laboratory . 
 two guards stood on duty , both blank faced , staring forward . 
 i looked at the empty frame before me . 
 `` no door ? '' 
 i enquired `` ah , yes . 
 minister drake had it removed after i accidentally locked myself in my laboratory . '' 
 `` you locked yourself in ? '' 
 `` i was sealed inside for two days before someone found me . '' 
 i could n't help but giggle ; flon did n't seem to mind . 
 `` did n't it occur to you to call for help ? '' 
 `` it was nice to have some time to catch up with work . 
 after you . '' 
 the lab was a mishmash of items both old and new . 
 technical equipment , similar to that in the control centre , filled the chamber . 
 along with the hi-tech pieces of equipment , there was also a scattering of dated furniture , all of which had seen better days . 
 an old , well used sofa , a wooden desk that was chipped and scratched , and several bookshelves that were ready to fall apart . 
 this was flon 's personal domain and reflected his disorganised mind . 
 hundreds of books adorned the walls and floor , clutter was dotted throughout the space , including mugs , plates , items of clothing , and food wrappers . 
 piles of folders and scraps of paper covered the surfaces and chair tops . 
 although the room was a large space , it felt enclosed and difficult to manoeuvre . 
 minister drake stood in the middle of the chaos awaiting our arrival . 
 `` finally , '' he sighed . 
 `` doctor flon , time is something of a commodity at the moment . '' 
 `` yes . 
 we took a few wrong turns . '' 
 flon did n't sound remotely apologetic and drake did n't look even a little surprised . 
 `` doctor , how on valiros do you work in all this mess ? '' 
 asked drake picking up a pile of files from the floor . 
 `` everything has a place , minister , '' responded flon with obvious embarrassment . 
 `` i assume this is mr parthy ? '' 
 said a raspy voice from behind me . 
 i turned back to the doorway to be confronted by a new arrival . 
 he was at least seven if not eight cycles old . 
 he had a head full of thin , grey hair , deep set wrinkles over his face , and thin tight lips that appeared dried and cracked . 
 his meagre frame and pale skin suggested he was not in the best of health . 
 his shoulders were hunched , his head remained bowed to the ground , and he looked under his heavy eyebrows with a vicious gaze . 
 the leery stranger made me feel uneasy . 
 `` that 's correct , '' confirmed drake . 
 `` come gorn , say hello , '' called flon while taking the pile of files from the minister and dumping them back on the floor . 
 the figure stepped into the room . 
 `` mr parthy , '' said drake `` may i introduce mr hagget gorn '' i forced a welcoming smile , but the stranger just stared as if appraising my worthiness . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you . '' 
 i said . 
 still gorn remained motionless . 
 i looked at drake for guidance . 
 `` forgive mr gorn , '' apologised the minister `` his social graces are somewhat ... '' `` lacking , '' gorn finished . 
 `` mr gorn is a trojan keeper . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 i 'd never met a trojan keeper before ; no-one i knew had . 
 considering the strange affairs currently taking place with the trojan devices , it made sense that a trojan keeper would be present . 
 he was certainly daunting , but if anyone knew what was happening to the trojans , it would be mr hagget gorn . 
 `` it 's an honour to meet you , sir . '' 
 `` any luck with the girl ? '' 
 he asked gravely , blanking me . 
 drake shook his head . 
 `` i told you she would n't know anything . '' 
 `` we had to be certain . '' 
 this was my chance . 
 `` actually minister , i wanted to talk to you about zeal . '' 
 gorn glared at me . 
 `` i wondered if it would be possible , if it is n't too much trouble that is , to let her go . '' 
 `` let her go to where ? '' 
 teased gorn . 
 `` mr parthy , believe me when i say the hub is the safest place for your life partner right now . '' 
 the minister turned to flon . 
 `` doctor flon , if you would be so kind . '' 
 a glazed expression washed over the doctor 's face . 
 `` kind of what ? '' 
 was his baffled response . 
 drake massaged the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger . 
 it had obviously been a very long day . 
 `` the file , doctor flon . 
 the file . '' 
 `` oh . 
 yes . 
 the file . 
 right away . '' 
 the minister 's request caused flon to jump into action . 
 i recognised the look on his face , it was the same one i 'd seen when he was escorting me to the lab ; bewilderment . 
 skipping around the room , flon began his search for the elusive file . 
 `` i thought you said everything has a place ? '' 
 drake commented in a self-satisfying tone . 
 `` it does . 
 it does indeed , '' he said while throwing sheets of paper in the air ; tossing books and files to one side . 
 `` i just do n't always know where those places are . '' 
 `` what 's the progress of the trojans ? '' 
 asked gorn . 
 he was direct and to the point . 
 clearly not in the mood for flon 's antics . 
 `` oh ... erm . 
 at the last check , they were at seventy-two percent . 
 plenty of time . '' 
 `` i suppose that depends on how you interrupt time . 
 minister , i suggest we speed this up . '' 
 drake nodded . 
 `` mr parthy . 
 please , if you can find a seat , sit down . '' 
 i moved to a stool next to one of the messy worktops and cleared a jumble of items stacked on its top . 
 i took the seat . 
 `` mr gorn ? '' 
 drake gestured to another stool . 
 gorn raised a hand . 
 `` i prefer to stand . '' 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 `` ah-ha ! '' 
 rejoiced flon holding a small dossier in his hand . 
 he ran the file over to drake , a smile beaming across his face . 
 `` the file as requested ! '' 
 `` thank you , doctor . '' 
 the minister took the file from the delighted scientist . 
 `` do you mind if i stay ? '' 
 `` by all means . '' 
 drake joined me at the worktop and placed the file down gently . 
 a female voice unexpectedly echoed around the room . 
 the disembodied voice seemed to emanate from all around us . 
 `` control centre to minister drake . '' 
 drake spoke to the air . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 if i had n't been faced with gaping holes opening beneath my feet , disappearing doors , and a huge secret complex underground , this method of communication may have amazed me . 
 `` we have a communique from junior commander tork , sir . '' 
 `` patch him through to doctor flon 's laboratory . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 one of the monitors activated . 
 the image was fuzzy , phasing in and out and breaking up with vertical lines of static . 
 i could just make out tork 's face . 
 `` sir can ... me . 
 repeat ... can ... hear me ... . '' 
 `` say again commander , '' urged drake . 
 the screen became white with snowy static . 
 `` doctor flon , can you boost the signal ? '' 
 the doctor was taping some buttons on a keyboard . 
 `` already on it . '' 
 the image of tork reappeared , clearer this time . 
 `` can you hear me ? '' 
 asked tork . 
 `` yes commander , we can hear you . '' 
 tork was at one of the evacuation sites . 
 i did n't recognise the location . 
 behind him tall fences were holding back crowds of valirons , some pushing against the barrier others sitting calmly . 
 the lighting kept fading up and down , and you could hear shouting in the background but the words were indiscernible . 
 `` sir , several riots have broken out in the evacuation sites . 
 also our emergency generators are losing power . 
 we 're attempting to keep everyone contained but we 've had another one hundred people arrive from four more villages . '' 
 `` commander , do you think it would be possible to transfer some of the evacuees to the hub ? '' 
 `` i only have nine vehicles with power and nearly four thousand people to transport . '' 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 `` i need you to divert additional power to the generators . 
 also i 'm requesting more military personnel as quickly as possible . '' 
 `` understood . 
 i 'll have another unit deployed immediately . '' 
 `` thank you , sir . '' 
 `` also commander , all senior military officers are dealing with the evacuation of trans central . 
 i want you to report to the hub so you can coordinate military response for the outer communities from here . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 tork out . '' 
 the screen went black . 
 drake spoke to the air again . 
 `` control centre , come in . '' 
 `` control centre here . '' 
 `` please deploy another military unit to commander tork 's location , and transfer any excess power to the evacuation site 's emergency generators . '' 
 `` acknowledged . '' 
 i struggled to make sense of what i 'd seen . 
 this was n't my world . 
 watching the commander 's report was more reminiscent of my imagination than real life . 
 drake moved away from the monitor and back to me . 
 `` as i 'm aware , mr parthy , you have a lot of questions . '' 
 `` to be honest sir , i have so many questions i do n't even know where to start . '' 
 `` then let 's see if we can answer some of those for you . '' 
 i shuffled in my seat in anticipation . 
 `` i must warn you , what you are about to hear is one of valiros ' most guarded secrets . 
 very few are privy to this information . 
 once i tell you the truth ... well , let 's just say you ca n't put the genie back in the bottle . '' 
 i did n't know what a genie was , and even less sure as to what bottle we would be unable to return it too . 
 `` i understand , '' although i did n't at all . 
 i wanted to know the truth , but i was wary of what that truth would mean ; of how much would it change my life . 
 `` very well . '' 
 drake paused . 
 he looked at gorn for final approval and with a simple nod of the keeper 's head , he received it . 
 he then returned his gaze to me . 
 `` firstly let me start off by telling you ; i am not valiron . '' 
 i was speechless for a moment . 
 i was n't sure i 'd heard him correctly . 
 `` i 'm sorry ? 
 if you 're not valiron , sir , then what are you ? '' 
 there was a lengthy pause before the minister finally answered . 
 `` we call ourselves ... human . '' 
 chapter thirteen ` the truth ' human ? 
 the minister stared at me as if gauging my reaction to his revelation . 
 the word meant nothing to me ; i 'd never heard of a ` human ' . 
 i wondered if these humans lived in some undisclosed region within the sphere . 
 i was n't widely travelled , so i surmised it was entirely plausible for an entire civilisation to exist beyond the borders of my homeland without my knowledge . 
 i needed to say something . 
 `` i 'm sorry sir , forgive my ignorance , but i do n't know what a ` human ' is . '' 
 `` i would n't expect you to , '' responded drake . 
 `` perhaps it would be best if i started from the beginning . '' 
 i perched on the edge of the wooden stool in anticipation of drake 's tale when gorn 's voice barked from across the room . 
 `` you 're wasting time drake . 
 get the code ... before it 's too late . '' 
 the annoyance and desperation in the trojan keeper 's intonation was clear . 
 the minister refused to rise to gorn 's aggressive posturing . 
 `` in due course , mr gorn . '' 
 `` the fate of both our worlds hangs in the balance . '' 
 `` i 'm fully aware of the situation , thank you . '' 
 this brief confrontation was followed by a tense silence ; a battle of wills . 
 it was gorn who conceded . 
 `` just get it done . '' 
 drake paced up and down the messy lab . 
 i waited patiently . 
 `` the war , minister , '' urged flon . 
 `` i think that would be a fine place to start . '' 
 i may not have recognised the word human , but the word war was universal . 
 `` war ? '' 
 i asked . 
 drake glared at flon . 
 `` thank you , doctor flon . 
 i can handle this . '' 
 `` of course . 
 yes . 
 carry on . 
 sorry sir . '' 
 the minister took a deep breath then began his tale . 
 `` my home is a. . . 
 complicated place , with many cultures living side by side , each with their own laws and beliefs . 
 over seventy cycles ago these differences plunged my world into a terrible war that threatened to tear it apart . 
 during the conflict many lives were lost , resources were drained , and the population as a whole suffered . 
 finding new technologies and methods of defence became a priority . 
 world governments set about developing new weapons , computer systems , and methods to infiltrate other countries . '' 
 `` countries ? '' 
 another new word i failed to grasp . 
 it was flon who answered . 
 `` places where humans live . 
 like our outer communities only much , much larger . '' 
 if drake was displeased by flon 's interruption , he did n't show it . 
 `` during the course of the battle technology in my world took massive leaps forward . 
 these new inventions , however , required masses of power to maintain them . 
 a group of scientists were assigned the task of finding new power supplies . 
 after months of searching they believed they 'd finally found an almost limitless power source that would guarantee us victory . '' 
 `` that is n't all they found , '' interjected gorn , bitterly . 
 `` no , it was n't . '' 
 the minister sounded almost ashamed . 
 i was finding the saga fascinating . 
 it was incredible to learn of a new race with a history that was entwined with our own . 
 it filled me with a childlike excitement and fuelled my imagination . 
 `` where is your world , sir ? '' 
 `` a long way away from here ... and yet you could say , extremely close . '' 
 that sounded more like a riddle than an answer . 
 `` and what 's it called ? '' 
 `` earth . '' 
 the unfamiliar words were piling up . 
 `` will you tell me about it ? '' 
 i implored . 
 gorn slammed a fist on the worktop . 
 `` this is n't a bedtime story , boy . '' 
 `` mr gorn ! '' 
 roared drake , silencing the trojan keeper . 
 the resentment in gorn 's eyes was fierce , but the minister was n't going to back down . 
 after a moment , gorn averted his gaze . 
 `` i apologise for mr gorn 's outburst . 
 now where was i ? '' 
 `` earth , '' i reminded him . 
 `` ah yes . 
 the majority of my world is covered with vast areas of water known as oceans . 
 due to their sheer depth , many of these oceans have gone unexplored . 
 in one of our deepest oceans , a craft know as a submarine , was seriously damaged in an attack . 
 it plummeted to the ocean floor ; all hands aboard were sadly lost . 
 they did however , manage to transmit a short data stream back to the surface . 
 the readings indicated a large fissure , a sort of hole on the ocean bed . 
 our interest was peaked . 
 we sent a team to investigate further and they discovered faint power readings , like nothing we 'd seen before . '' 
 i was captivated . 
 `` what was causing them ? '' 
 `` we did n't know ; the fissure was too immense . 
 the only way to find out what was causing the readings was to send a team into the hole . 
 a group of scientists , accompanied by a military task force , were sent to explore this newly discovered crevice ; their mission , to find and evaluate the potential use of this new power supply . '' 
 `` incredible . '' 
 `` it took them months , enormous resources and , regrettably several lives . 
 but eventually they reached the end of their journey . '' 
 `` and what did they find ? '' 
 `` a new domain buried deep within the surface of our world . 
 new resources , new energy supplies ... . '' 
 gorn butted in . 
 `` none of which belonged to them . '' 
 `` this is our world as much as it is yours mr gorn . '' 
 the constant backchat from the trojan keeper was beginning to take its toll on drake . 
 `` you found valiros ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 gorn was agitated . 
 `` you should have stayed where you were . 
 all of this is only happening because of what you did . '' 
 `` because of what we did ? 
 the trojans were not our making , mr gorn . '' 
 `` maybe not by your design , but certainly by your actions . '' 
 `` there 's sufficient blame for both sides . '' 
 `` perhaps you should continue your story , minister , '' recommended flon with a chipper smile on his face . 
 drake nodded . 
 `` the war was not going well , and surrender was becoming a very real possibility . 
 we needed an edge , an advantage ; your world provided it . '' 
 `` so they invaded , '' bit gorn . 
 `` your people were more than happy to make the deal mr gorn . '' 
 drake had gone from aggravated to defensive . 
 i was in the middle of an argument that had been transpiring for a very long time . 
 i suspected that minister drake and mr gorn would never see eye to eye . 
 drake opened the file to the first page and slid the document towards me . 
 the words on the page were written in a language i did n't recognise . 
 there were a collection of pictures and diagrams accompanying the alien words . 
 one particular picture caught my eye . 
 it was two circles , one significantly larger than the other , with the smaller circle situated in the centre . 
 he pointed at the smaller circle . 
 `` this is valiros . '' 
 `` and the larger circle ? '' 
 `` earth . '' 
 `` you 're outside the sphere . '' 
 `` in the centre of my world is a large ball of liquid that we call the outer core , in the centre of that is a small metal sphere , the inner core . 
 we always believed it to be solid , a composition of an iron-nickel alloy . 
 what you call valiros , we call the centre of the earth . '' 
 flon 's excitement was growing and he was unable to restrain his enthusiasm any further . 
 with an animation that only the chaotic doctor could pull off , he took over the presentation . 
 `` the location of this complex was not chosen haphazardly . 
 the fissure was nearly four thousand miles deep and led the human research team here , to dorow . 
 they entered valiros through the gateway cavern . '' 
 drake turned the page on the file , and i was faced with more foreign words and a picture , this time of one of the greatest valirons who ever lived , tre broter penn ; creator of the first light source . 
 `` when we arrived here your people were living in complete darkness . 
 true you had adapted to the environment developing certain abilities , but this state of never-ending night had seriously hindered your development . '' 
 `` on a technological level , '' added flon . 
 `` and socially , '' said drake gorn huffed . 
 the minister ignored him . 
 `` as a race you were aggressive ; understandably so , attempting to survive in a hostile world . '' 
 `` we only have your people 's word for that . '' 
 gorn 's bitterness was beginning to annoy me . 
 `` broter penn was the first valiron we made contact with . 
 you must understand you had no government , no head of state . 
 as a result he became our primary contact . 
 with the use of human translators , we managed to establish a trade agreement . 
 we would help your people create methods to light your world , teach you building techniques , and in return you would allow us full access to excavate the resources of valiros . '' 
 my entire history was unravelling . 
 `` so it was n't tre broter penn who created the first light source . 
 you did . '' 
 `` we gave your people the tools and knowledge , but it was your own ingenuity that created your civilisation . 
 from what i 've been told , it was astonishing . 
 your world developed at such a remarkable rate , far quicker than we could have ever imagined . 
 within seven cycles not only had you constructed massive lights that scaled the entire surface of the sphere , but you 'd also created a mighty city , villages , an economic system , a political network . 
 your technology began to surpass that of our own . '' 
 `` you instigated ` the change ' . '' 
 `` we did . '' 
 `` so why the secrecy ? 
 why were we never told about any of this ? '' 
 `` fear , '' said gorn . 
 `` mr gorn 's description is crude but accurate . 
 knowledge of a civilisation living above you ; a race in the grip of war would incite panic . 
 your government made the decision to cover up our intervention . '' 
 i understood the reasoning , but i doubted that a lie , even one spoken with the best of intentions , could be a good thing . 
 `` what does this have to do with what 's happening now ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , as with most developing civilisations , you also developed mistrust . 
 many of your government officials , like mr gorn , saw us as invaders , sent here to plunder your world . '' 
 `` and did you ? '' 
 i could n't deny that mr gorn 's argument may have held some merit . 
 `` answer the boy , '' snarled gorn . 
 he appeared pleased with my question . 
 `` we maintained our end of the deal ... but yes , many of my people were blinded by what your world offered . 
 several cycles after the war was over , the high darlon council asked us to vacate valiros , but my leaders refused to leave . 
 we 'd grown dependent on your world . 
 after nearly a cycle , all diplomatic relations between our peoples had collapsed . 
 your government felt they had no choice but to strike back with force . 
 they constructed an army of weapons , a deadly armada that would be capable of wiping out my entire culture . '' 
 the pieces started falling into place . 
 `` they built the trojans . '' 
 `` the irony is that we gave your people the knowledge to build the very weapons that were going to destroy us . 
 earth had barely recovered from its own war ; we were in no state to fight another . 
 we conceded . 
 we would stop mining the resources of valiros , and the high darlon council would call off the attack . 
 it was agreed that a small delegation of humans , like myself , would remain in valiros as liaisons between our worlds . '' 
 `` but my government still did n't trust you . '' 
 `` distrust is hard to shake . 
 the high darlon council chose to leave the devices on permanent guard , situated at various points throughout valiros . 
 six times , every day , they would activate and scan for new orders . 
 if none were given then they would power down . '' 
 `` so what 's changed ? 
 why , sixty cycles later , are the trojan devices coming here , to dorow ? '' 
 `` because they 've received orders . 
 dorow is the location of the fissure that will lead them to my world . '' 
 `` they 're preparing to attack ? '' 
 the idea that the high darlon council had declared war on another world was beyond insane . 
 `` why would we do that ? '' 
 i directed my question to gorn . 
 `` we have nothing to do with it , '' he retorted . 
 `` your government claims to have no knowledge of sending the order . '' 
 `` so what does that mean ? '' 
 flon stepped forward , the smile finally wiped from his face . 
 `` it means someone else transmitted the order to attack . '' 
 `` and you do n't know who it was ? '' 
 `` we do n't , '' flon answered . 
 `` only high government officials , a few scientists , and certain high ranking military personnel can transmit the order . 
 the three of us in this room happen to fall into that rather elite group . '' 
 `` but why ? 
 what would this person achieve by destroying earth ? '' 
 `` earth may not be their focal target , '' grumbled gorn . 
 `` the trojan keepers believe there is a greater purpose to this plan . 
 we just do n't know what it is . '' 
 `` and this all has something to do with me ? '' 
 drake and gorn exchanged a glance . 
 `` mr gorn , why do n't you tell mr parthy why he 's here . '' 
 `` only one person has the code to power down the trojan devices , '' he said in a low , menacing tone . 
 `` the head of the trojan keepers . '' 
 `` so why has n't he done it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` because he 's dead . 
 the head of the trojan keepers was talsen trent . 
 your grandfather . '' 
 chapter fourteen ` control centre ' standing in the control centre of the hub i felt utterly useless ; like a piece of furniture you no longer want but do n't have the heart to throw away . 
 this world was unfamiliar to me , a world of government secrets , deadly weapons , and new civilisations . 
 the structure of valiros was fabricated on top of a conspiracy of lies , making it almost impossible to find the truth buried under the foundations of deceit . 
 i had no solution to this disaster that threatened two worlds ; what they wanted , i simply did n't have . 
 i was ignored while scientists raced around me from one control panel to another , some speaking in valiron , others in an alien tongue that i did n't recognise . 
 the room was bursting with anxiety . 
 the air had grown heavy with tension , and the weight of it was debilitating . 
 all the people in the room were focused on their jobs ; following any orders given with quick precision . 
 i envied their focus and wished i had some incentive to direct my own dread that was growing exponentially . 
 back in flon 's laboratory , i 'd been dumbfounded following the revelation about my grandfather . 
 `` why did n't my grandfather tell me ? '' 
 `` secrecy , mr parthy , '' it was becoming difficult to tell a secret from a lie . 
 `` the identities of the trojan keepers are classified . 
 they maintain the most lethal weapons ever constructed . 
 if their cover were to be exposed it would make them targets to rogue groups both valiron and human . '' 
 `` like the veils . '' 
 i remarked . 
 `` and the order of darkness , '' added flon . 
 `` i 've never heard of ` the order of darkness ' . '' 
 `` they have no bearing on our current situation . 
 i suggest we save that conversation for another day . '' 
 drake quickly interjected . 
 my mind was a muddle . 
 gorn stepped towards me . 
 `` as you can see mr parthy , you 've inherited far more than a charming one bedroomed unit on the edge of the city . '' 
 his statement raised my suspicion . 
 `` you 've been to my unit ? '' 
 `` of course not , why would i ? '' 
 i knew he was lying . 
 i did n't want to push the issue , and there was a far more pertinent question to ask , one mystery that eluded me . 
 `` does all this have anything to do with the disappearance of my mother ? '' 
 the group seemed reluctant to answer my question , and there was sadness in drake 's eyes . 
 i still clung to the hope that we would be reunited ; the question i needed to ask next could have potentially destroyed that hope . 
 `` is she dead ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 drake was quick to answer . 
 `` we believe your mother is very much alive . '' 
 i should have been overjoyed , but instead i felt wounded . 
 my family had abandoned me by death or desertion ; i 'd been left to face the world alone . 
 all those times i 'd dreamt of finding my mother , imagining what had happened to her , and now i was being told she was alive . 
 `` why has n't she tried to find me ? 
 why has n't she contacted me ? '' 
 `` she ca n't . 
 your mother ... '' gorn paused . 
 `` your mother plays a different role . 
 in many ways , she 's just as important as you are . '' 
 i wanted to know more . 
 i needed answers , but before i had a chance to ask more questions , the female voice resounded around the room . 
 `` control centre to doctor flon . '' 
 `` yes . 
 hello . '' 
 `` doctor , the trojans have tapped into the hub 's power systems . 
 the devices are currently at ninety percent capacity . '' 
 it was drake who answered the disembodied voice . 
 `` we 're on our way . '' 
 `` understood . 
 control centre out . '' 
 the minister addressed flon . 
 `` i thought you said we had more time ? '' 
 `` it appears i miscalculated . '' 
 `` recalculate . 
 if they 've started drawing power from the hub , best estimate , how long do you think we have ? '' 
 `` hmmm . 
 estimate ? 
 basing it on the amount of power the hub generates , and taking into account the trojan 's current power demands ... twenty minutes , maybe a little more . '' 
 i did n't think it was possible for drake 's face to turn any greyer than his natural skin colour , and i was right , it was no longer grey , his face had turned completely white . 
 `` we need to get to the control centre . 
 mr parthy , i suggest you accompany us . '' 
 the pair made a quick exit , wasting no time in racing their way out of the laboratory . 
 i followed as requested . 
 in my haste to leave , i tripped over a small bin and stumbled . 
 my hip collided with the edge of flon 's desk . 
 i yelped as a small framed picture tumbled to the floor cracking the glass . 
 `` clumsy boy , '' accused gorn . 
 picking the frame up , i began to place it back on the desk ; while skimming the image . 
 i stopped and brought the photo closer to my face . 
 staring back at me were a collection of faces , but one specifically stood out , making my rocky world even more unstable . 
 `` what are you waiting for boy ? '' 
 he rasped , slipping a small piece of wood between his lips and chewing its end . 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 did i trust gorn enough to tell him ? 
 i believed he had been to my unit , leaving behind his discarded , chomped twig . 
 trojan keeper or not , i could n't figure out if he was an ally or an enemy . 
 i could have been wrong , but if this picture meant what i thought it meant then the situation had become a great deal more treacherous . 
 i had to tell minister drake first . 
 `` nothing . 
 sorry . '' 
 i replaced the picture on the desk and hastily left the lab , with the trojan keeper heading up the rear . 
 i would have preferred to have hagget in front of me rather than behind . 
 my grandfather had told me to trust no-one , and with lies and deceit practically ricocheting off the walls , that felt like good advice . 
 when we arrived at the control centre gorn found a quiet spot and remained silent ; watching events play out . 
 immediately it became apparent to me that the situation had dramatically deteriorated . 
 the busy vibe i had felt upon arriving at the hub had been replaced by a nervous urgency that coursed through the room . 
 a sudden deafening blast made everyone gasp . 
 the floor trembled under our feet , and equipment around the room shuddered . 
 the bustling conversation ended as we all reached for anything to stable ourselves . 
 the sounds of metal clanking , and rubble tumbling echoed through the walls , and you could feel the vibrations shuddering through your body . 
 everyone in the room froze as if time had stopped . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 gasped drake . 
 `` it felt like an explosion , '' deduced flon . 
 `` confirmed , '' said one of the scientists . 
 `` internal scanners show an explosion was detected in the link corridor . '' 
 drake and flon both ran to the vanishing door . 
 the minister swiped his hand over the glowing glass , and the door began to disappear , revealing the devastation behind . 
 the smooth walls of the corridor were charred black , and the reflective floor was covered in debris from the collapsing ceiling . 
 lights flickered , flames smouldered gently , sparks erupted from exposed cables , and smoke filled the air . 
 the hatch to the dorow wasteland looked as if someone had punched a hole through its centre causing the metal to buckle outward in a jagged , twisted opening . 
 a large chunk of the ceiling had fallen on a diagonal at the far end of the passageway , blocking entry to the opening . 
 the heavy door leading to the corridor managed to protect the control centre from the blast , but access to the outside world via the passage would be impossible . 
 `` was anyone hurt ? '' 
 called drake to no-one in particular . 
 `` no injuries have been reported , '' came the response from somewhere within the control centre . 
 `` the corridor was empty . '' 
 the minister seemed relieved as he pulled flon to one side . 
 i tucked in behind them . 
 `` flon , what would cause this ? '' 
 `` there was nothing within the corridor that would cause an explosion of this magnitude . '' 
 `` something caused it . '' 
 `` clearly , but until i do an investigation i have no idea what it was . '' 
 `` take a guess . '' 
 `` i would guess that someone planted an explosive device in the corridor ; most likely to prevent anyone from leaving the hub . 
 but that 's just a guess . '' 
 i edged myself closer creating a small huddle . 
 `` why would someone want to stop us from leaving ? '' 
 `` we can debate their reasons later , '' muttered drake . 
 `` for now we have more pressing matters to contend with . '' 
 the pair separated , and i subtly followed after drake , trying to remain out of earshot of others in the room . 
 i was n't even sure i could trust him , but i needed to tell someone about my discovery . 
 `` sir ... '' i whispered . 
 `` not now mr parthy , '' `` but sir , i need to speak with you . 
 it 's rather urgent . '' 
 he huffed . 
 `` is it to do with the code ? '' 
 `` well no , but ... '' `` then later , mr parthy . '' 
 his words were final . 
 he walked away from me , pacing further into the room . 
 he had no reason to listen to me . 
 he was a minister with a trojan keeper , the head of research and development , the military , and a room full of scientists at his disposal ; whereas i was as useful to the minister as an empty cooking compartment was to zeal . 
 flon set back to work . 
 `` any change to the trojans ? '' 
 he urgently asked a young scientist sitting at one of the control stations . 
 `` they 're at ninety-one percent and rising , doctor , '' was the alarmed response . 
 `` they 've started draining our main generator . '' 
 `` counter measures ? '' 
 `` we 've powered down the lower levels and redirected power to all key systems . '' 
 `` very good . '' 
 he sounded as if he were congratulating a child who had taken their first steps . 
 `` doctor flon , '' i called . 
 `` why are the trojans draining our power ? '' 
 `` because that 's what they were designed to do . '' 
 `` so that 's why valiros is losing power . '' 
 `` very good mr parthy , '' applauded flon without even taking a beat from his work to acknowledge me . 
 when it came to computers , the wacky scientist was like a skilled craftsman . 
 his hands glided over the control panels with elegance and grace . 
 remnants of smoke that had bled into the control centre from the devastated corridor made gorn cough as he spoke , `` the devices are assigned to different areas to prevent them drawing their entire power from one place . '' 
 `` we created a weapon that would cripple our own power supply ? 
 why would we build something like that ? '' 
 my question sounded more sarcastic than curious . 
 `` they were never meant to affect valiros , at least not to this extent , '' growled gorn . 
 i was getting the strong impression the trojan keeper did n't like me much ; that was fine , i did n't like him much either . 
 `` whoever sent the order to attack also reprogrammed them ; increased their power demands . '' 
 `` and this ... traitor , managed to reprogram them without your knowledge ? '' 
 gorn 's face reddened . 
 `` what are you suggesting ? '' 
 `` i just want to understand how they could get away with it . '' 
 drake cut in before our discussion had a chance to spiral into a slanging match of accusations . 
 `` we do n't have time for a science lesson , mr parthy . 
 flon , there must be a way we can disconnect the trojans from the main power supply ? '' 
 even during this stressful situation drake 's slow , sluggish dialogue refused to speed up . 
 `` minister , minister , minister , '' spluttered flon . 
 `` the trojans were built to drain power ; it 's the essence of their design . 
 you see , they 're not connected to the power supply . '' 
 `` which means ? '' 
 `` which means there 's nothing to disconnect them from . '' 
 i put my hand up like a child at school . 
 `` surely they have to be connected to something . '' 
 `` well , yes and no ... hmmm , i guess it 's time for that science lesson after all . '' 
 flon leaped to one of the control panels and began punching buttons . 
 the main viewing terminal sprang to life showing a detailed schematic of a trojan device . 
 `` the trojans were built to destroy earth . 
 they attack in four stages . 
 mr gorn , care to explain what those stages are ? '' 
 gorn kept his gaze on the viewing terminal . 
 `` stage one -- they use the power from valiros to launch . 
 stage two - they position themselves at key areas around the minister 's planet , knocking out all communication systems . 
 stage three - they drain all the power from the targeted area . 
 stage four - once each target is powerless , and the trojans are fully charged , they detonate . '' 
 `` the trojans are bombs ?! '' 
 i was horrified . 
 gorn grinned . 
 `` a single trojan could destroy trans central and most of the surrounding area . '' 
 he seemed almost proud . 
 `` and there are over six thousand devices ready to launch . '' 
 flon happily pointed out with the same gusto as he described the ventilation system . 
 `` have your people been made aware ? '' 
 gorn asked drake . 
 `` evacuation procedures have been implemented , but we 're still predicting human losses to be in the billions . '' 
 `` now , '' flon acted like drake 's statement was a trivial matter . 
 `` it was vital that during stages one and three the devices did n't fail in drawing the energy they needed . 
 each trojan is fitted with a receiver , but instead of receiving data , it receives power . 
 normally the devices would only require a quarter of the power they 're currently demanding from us . '' 
 `` just enough power to get them there , '' i concluded . 
 `` exactly . 
 they would use the energy from earth to reach full capacity once at the surface . 
 our rather ingenious programmer has , in essence , switched stages one and three . '' 
 `` they 're draining all the power from valiros before they launch . '' 
 `` mr parthy you 've grasped the science quicker than most . '' 
 within flon 's compliment was a hidden taunt aimed at the others in the room . 
 `` you see the problem we have , is that the devices do n't have to be physically connected to anything . 
 as long as there 's power , they 'll drain it . '' 
 `` so you ca n't stop them ? '' 
 my understanding was leading to a fear that was overriding my etiquette . 
 `` we 've attempted to block the trojans ' receivers , but they 're highly adaptable . 
 the way i see it , there are only two ways to prevent the trojans from reaching full power and launching . 
 one , deactivate every power source in valiros ... '' `` then do it , '' boomed a deep voice . 
 we all turned to see junior commander fray tork standing at one of the doorways . 
 his uniform was dishevelled , dirt smeared across his face , his features irate . 
 `` commander , '' called drake . 
 `` reporting as ordered , sir . '' 
 `` how did you access the hub ? '' 
 asked flon . 
 `` there 's a military access point on the far side of the complex . 
 it has n't been used for cycles . 
 i saw the main hatch explode . 
 anyone care to tell me what happened ? '' 
 `` oh , i forgot about that , '' said flon as he worked away on one of the computers . 
 `` we believe someone planted a bomb in the corridor , '' answered drake . 
 `` what 's happening out there ? '' 
 `` it 's bad . 
 my soldiers are doing their best , but panic is taking over . 
 the people are scared , and i do n't know what to tell them . 
 they need answers sir , and to be honest , so do i. ` technical difficulties ' just is n't going to cut it '' `` quick catch up , '' yelled flon , finishing off with the computer console . 
 `` the trojan devices are weapons ; they 're draining all our power and preparing to attack a civilisation of people called humans who live outside the sphere . 
 `` so not ` technical difficulties ' then . '' 
 `` i estimate less than ten minutes before launch . 
 any questions ? '' 
 the patronising manner by which flon delivered his question riled tork . 
 `` just one . 
 why do n't you turn off the power ? '' 
 flon laughed . 
 `` ah , the simple mind of the military . '' 
 `` doctor , '' snapped drake . 
 flon realised he needed to explain himself . 
 `` commander , as i was explaining before you arrived , disconnecting the power supply to valiros is certainly one option ; however it would be far from a permanent solution . '' 
 flon 's cheery tone only seemed to fuel tork 's frustration . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he bluntly asked . 
 `` is n't it obvious ? '' 
 he looked between tork , drake , gorn and me . 
 `` clearly not . 
 well the trojans would still be active of course . 
 the moment we turned the power back on they would simply start charging again . 
 back where we started '' `` but it buys us some time . '' 
 tork was no scientist and his simplistic remark amused flon . 
 `` junior commander tork , perhaps you should leave the thinking to the scientists . '' 
 the commander was already bad-tempered , and flon 's dismissive attitude was not helping . 
 the muscles in tork 's face tensed . 
 `` do you want to say that again ? '' 
 the doctor may have been unorthodox , but he certainly was n't stupid . 
 tork was on the verge of physical violence , and flon could see it . 
 `` forgive my rudeness , but despite the fact it 's going to take more time than we have to turn off the power , if we wish to find a way to stop the trojans permanently then we 're going to need power to do it . 
 shutting everything down would be a last , and rather final , resort . 
 clear ? '' 
 drake stepped in to defuse the confrontation before tork took a swing a flon . 
 `` doctor flon , you said there were two ways to prevent the trojans from reaching full power . '' 
 `` yes . 
 the reason mr parthy 's here . 
 input the deactivation code . '' 
 this was the last straw for tork . 
 he addressed me with a look of anger . 
 `` why have n't you done that already ? '' 
 i had no answer for him . 
 gorn spoke on my behalf . 
 `` because he does n't have it , '' his gaze rested on me . 
 `` do you boy ? '' 
 `` and who are you exactly ? '' 
 tork clearly was n't in the mood to make new friends . 
 `` hagget gorn , trojan keeper . '' 
 `` then should n't you have the code ? '' 
 before he had a chance to retaliate to the commander 's accusation , a high-pitched whistle pierced the air . 
 drake clung to his ear ; pain seared through his face , a short cry escaped his lips . 
 he pulled the shiny device from his ear with a quick yank . 
 this was followed by several other human scientists in the room with similar devices reacting the same way . 
 `` minister ? '' 
 tork worriedly asked . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 flon ran to his side . 
 `` it 's the translators . 
 the trojans must have drained them . '' 
 the minister stared at us with a blank expression on his face . 
 he attempted to speak , but the words made no sense . 
 this was the reason drake 's speech was so slow ; each word he spoke or heard was translated through the device in his ear . 
 `` what can we do for him ? '' 
 i was genuinely concerned for the minister , who quickly appeared to accept his plight , and flopped into a chair . 
 `` nothing , '' answered flon . 
 he picked up the translator taking it to a computer station . 
 `` the trojans are drawing power from anywhere they can . '' 
 he unclipped a small panel off the back of the device and looked inside . 
 if drake could no longer understand me , i would n't be able to tell him what i 'd discovered . 
 i needed to get a message to someone else in the room . 
 while the group were preoccupied with the translator , i edged to the table in the centre of the room , ripped the corner from a sheet of paper , picked up a pen , and quickly wrote a simple two word message . 
 i folded the paper into a small square and gripped it in my hand before anyone noticed . 
 flon was still fiddling with the small device . 
 `` just as i feared , completely powerless . '' 
 other human scientists in the room stood motionless . 
 `` doctor , they 're at ninety-four percent , '' called a voice from within the room . 
 for the first time since arriving at the control centre , gorn moved . 
 he marched across the room towards me , grabbed my shoulders tightly , and jerked my body with each word . 
 `` we need that code ! '' 
 `` let him go , '' warned tork . 
 gorn reluctantly complied . 
 this was my chance . 
 i stayed close to gorn and forced the paper into the palm of his hand . 
 he looked at me with confusion . 
 `` step away from him , mr gorn , '' stressed tork . 
 `` his grandfather was the only one who had the code . 
 talsen was n't stupid . 
 he would have planned for this . 
 if he did n't tell us the code , then he must have told him . '' 
 considering the pressure in the hub had already reached explosive proportions , i was loath to pass on more bad news . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i do n't have it . '' 
 `` then billions will die , and earth is doomed , '' predicted gorn . 
 i wanted him to look at the note , read my warning , and act on it . 
 `` not only earth , '' pointed out flon . 
 `` by the time the trojans are ready to attack they will have drained every ounce of power from valiros . 
 we 'll be plunged back into the dark ages . 
 without power , we 'll have no way to rebuild ; at least not without human intervention . '' 
 `` and the circle starts again , '' huffed gorn as he paced back to his corner and began to open the note . 
 `` except they 'll all be dead , '' said flon . 
 `` we wo n't be able to rebuild alone . 
 i 'm afraid we 've reached our final hour with the loss of all our power . '' 
 flon giggled . 
 `` ooh that rhymed . '' 
 no one laughed . 
 the doctor 's lighthearted limerick was clearly inappropriate . 
 tork moved to my side and spoke gently . 
 `` creyson , if what they say is true then your grandfather must have told you the code . 
 i doubt he would have left something like this to chance . 
 `` but he did n't . 
 how can i remember something i do n't know ? '' 
 `` sometimes the best way to hide something is in plain sight . 
 think . 
 search your memory . 
 he must have told you . '' 
 `` they 're at ninety-five percent ! '' 
 gorn was reading the note . 
 i felt sick . 
 `` close your eyes . 
 relax . 
 just try , creyson , '' tork urged . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 i allowed my memory to drift back , back to my childhood . 
 i remembered my grandfather 's face , his smile , his stories . 
 i heard gorn 's voice . 
 `` doctor flon , i need to speak with you . '' 
 then , in a moment of clarity , i remembered my grandfather 's voice , the words he 'd spoken each night when i went to bed , and a passage hanging on the wall . 
 `` a dream for one can be a dream for many . 
 if i dream of a new future , could i imagine a new present ? 
 one dream can be forgotten , two can be ignored . 
 but if there were four then six , they should never be discounted . 
 a dream for one can be a dream for all . '' 
 `` the code , '' i whispered to myself . 
 `` i think i know the code . '' 
 i said a little louder . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 asked flon . 
 more confidently i repeated , `` i think i know the code . '' 
 `` think ? 
 you need to be certain , creyson , '' said tork . 
 `` it has to be right . 
 i 'd forgotten . 
 my grandfather 's position was a guarded secret . 
 he could n't just tell me the code without exposing himself . 
 so he embedded it in my mind without me even knowing it . '' 
 flon 's voice changed , becoming lower and more sinister than i 'd ever heard it . 
 `` and you 're certain ? '' 
 `` doctor flon , i need to speak with you . '' 
 gorn was reacting to my note . 
 even if he doubted what i 'd written , he could n't afford to ignore it . 
 flon slowly walked towards tork . 
 i noticed his physicality alter . 
 he no longer bounced or skipped ; instead he walked with weight behind each step . 
 `` well mr parthy , are you certain ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , i 'm certain . '' 
 `` oh dear , i was hoping it would n't come to this , but you 've left me with no other option . '' 
 `` stay where you are flon ! '' 
 warned gorn . 
 tork knew something had changed . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 flon changed direction and strode to benton who was standing near one of the control panels on the far side of the room . 
 he rested a hand on benton 's shoulder and patted it in a friendly gesture . 
 `` do n't look so nervous , my young friend . '' 
 `` i 'm not nervous sir , '' stammered benton nervously . 
 `` ah , but you should be . '' 
 i could see it before it happened , but my warning came too late . 
 `` commander tork , stop him ! '' 
 with one swift movement , flon whipped the jolt out of benton 's hand , plunged it into his stomach , and pushed the button . 
 my dear friend 's whole body convulsed as the electricity poured through him . 
 `` benton ! '' 
 tork sprinted towards the scientist . 
 he reached out with both hands to pull benton away , but flon saw the commander 's approach and pushed my friend towards the advancing soldier . 
 colliding , both of their bodies crashed to the floor . 
 benton was n't moving . 
 tork hastily heaved my friend 's body off him and began to climb to his feet , but flon was already prepared . 
 he ripped tork 's jolt from his combat belt , flung benton 's jolt to one side , and held the fully charged weapon flush against the commander 's neck . 
 `` get up slowly , junior commander . '' 
 the conversation in the control centre diminished . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 demanded tork . 
 `` silence ! 
 anyone moves , he dies . '' 
 a voice abruptly called out . 
 `` the trojans are at ninety-six percent ! '' 
 the lights went out , and the hub was plunged into darkness . 
 chapter fifteen ` revelation ' we all held our breath ; no one dared move . 
 each valiron in the room illuminated a subtle glow ; the non-valirons were lost to the darkness . 
 thankfully , after a few moments the emergency lighting kicked in . 
 the bright and glittering control centre was submerged in a deep yellow glow that made the room feel murky , creating pockets of shadows where the weak lighting failed to penetrate . 
 flon held the jolt like a pro . 
 he may have played the role of a mad scientist , but he clearly knew how to handle the lethal weapon ; tork was going nowhere . 
 sweat dripped off the commander 's brow . 
 he was a strong and powerful soldier , and not used to be being on the receiving end of a jolt . 
 even through his military training and years of discipline , he could n't hide the fear in his eyes . 
 i could see the cogs turning in his brain , searching for an opportunity , weighing up his odds of success if he attempted to break free . 
 he was significantly larger than flon , and his chances of escape were in his favour , but there was still a risk of failure . 
 we needed to buy some time , wait for an opening . 
 `` so mr parthy was right , '' snarled gorn . 
 `` why do n't you read that note for the whole class , hagget ? '' 
 gorn opened up the note and read it aloud . 
 `` ` doctor flon . '' ' 
 `` he 's a bright boy . 
 what gave me away , creyson ? '' 
 i needed to stay steadfast , bury my fear and buy us some time . 
 the longer i kept flon talking the more chance tork had to plan his escape . 
 if i faltered or said the wrong thing it could cost the commander his life . 
 `` there were a lot of little things . '' 
 `` please , enlighten us . '' 
 `` at first i thought it was gorn . 
 he did go to my unit , probably searching for the code . '' 
 gorn averted his eyes in embarrassment . 
 `` he certainly has a lot of aggression towards earth ... but there was something about you that did n't sit right with me . 
 while everyone else had an air of desperation , you seemed more ... excited by the events . 
 i accredited it to your eccentricity . '' 
 flon kept his gaze on me . 
 he seemed to be enjoying my narrative . 
 `` there were just too many things that did n't make sense . 
 you told me that you 've lived in the hub your whole life , yet you managed to get lost from the guest suite to your lab . 
 i think you were trying to stall me , waste time . 
 then there was miscalculating how long it would be before the trojans reached full power . 
 i ca n't believe a scientist of your calibre would make a mistake like that . 
 even minister drake said you were one of the greatest minds on valiros . '' 
 `` yes , i suppose that was a little inconceivable considering my intellect . '' 
 `` something else that was inconceivable was locking yourself in your lab for days ; i doubt the head of research and development would be stumped by a door . 
 you said it gave you time to catch up on some work ; i imagine it gave you plenty of time to reprogram the trojans without interference . '' 
 `` it was almost an insult that they believed me . 
 so is that everything ? '' 
 `` my grandfather , he said you 'd try to be my friend , that you would mislead me . 
 he was right , except you were n't trying to mislead just me ; you were trying to mislead everyone . '' 
 `` creyson , i hate to undermine your stellar detective work , but it was unlikely your grandfather 's warning was about me . 
 talsen had no idea there was a traitor in his midst . '' 
 `` oh i think he knew , i just do n't think he knew who it was . '' 
 `` possibly . 
 but this is all circumstantial , just oddities , nothing more . 
 oh come on creyson , what actually gave me away ? '' 
 `` the picture in your office brought everything together . 
 it was of you , and someone i met earlier today . 
 you said you had a son who works outside the city . 
 the person in the picture was kron , your son . 
 he attempted to stop me from getting here , which was why you were so surprised to see me when i arrived . '' 
 `` kron . 
 he 's completely useless . 
 he was a last resort . 
 he was just meant to observe and ensure you were on the tram . 
 i had operatives waiting at trans central station , but after the city was evacuated kron had to ... improvise . 
 not his strongest talent . 
 i dispatched a second team to apprehend you , but commander tork is quite a skilled driver . '' 
 `` so what happens now ? '' 
 asked tork . 
 `` you wo n't have to wait long , the finale is almost here . '' 
 a few minutes earlier the doctor had been skipping around the room with a cheery disposition ; i now found that memory hard to recall . 
 it was clear everything before this point had been an act , a pretence to lull us into a false sense of security ; this was the true doctor flon . 
 `` you ca n't let them launch , flon . 
 it 's genocide . '' 
 unlike the rest of us , gorn showed no apprehension . 
 flon ignored gorn 's imploration . 
 `` report , '' he ordered . 
 the young scientist at the control desk was n't sure whether to follow the order or not . 
 `` i said report ! '' 
 `` the trojans are at ninety-seven percent , '' she fearfully answered . 
 drake remained still , sitting on the chair . 
 i looked at him . 
 he was n't able to understand what was being said , but he understood what was going on . 
 i felt sorry for him . 
 flon had been a friend , a colleague , and the minister had admired him . 
 drake did n't look concerned or angry ; simply hurt by the betrayal . 
 gorn persisted . 
 `` you 're crazy . '' 
 `` oh keep up , hagget ; ` crazy ' was an act , '' flon said with a smug smile . 
 `` i was wondering how long it would take you to figure it out . '' 
 he snapped his head to me . 
 `` luckily for me , you 're just as stupid as his grandfather . '' 
 my stomach churned , anger building . 
 i wanted to leap to my grandfather 's defence , but gorn got there first . 
 `` talsen trent was a great valiron . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you 'd think a great valiron would know when he 's being murdered . '' 
 this revelation was like a blow to the gut . 
 i was blinded by a deep hatred for flon , stronger than anything i had experienced in all my life . 
 i thought my grandfather had been taken from me because it was his time ; ill health that comes with old age , but now i 'd discovered he was stolen by a twisted genius with a perverse agenda . 
 `` you killed him ? '' 
 i wanted to sound firm and assertive ; i wanted to do justice to my grandfather 's memory , but my voice betrayed my intentions . 
 it cracked like the pathetic child i was . 
 `` talsen had the code , and i could n't allow him to use it . '' 
 `` how ? 
 how did you kill him ? '' 
 `` i met talsen shortly after it was reported his daughter had gone missing . 
 up until that point his identity had been kept secret . 
 although i knew who he was , i needed to meet him . 
 your mother 's disappearance forced him to expose his position . 
 in order to find her , he would require the resources of the hub , and more specifically , my knowledge and experience . 
 i began poisoning him from then onwards ; a little bit here , a little bit there , but the resilient old fool simply refused to die . 
 it took longer than expected . '' 
 flon relaxed his grip slightly , and tork did n't miss the opportunity for escape . 
 pulling his body away , he freed himself from flon 's grasp . 
 spinning around , he reached for the butt of the jolt with one hand while the other formed a fist and travelled towards flon 's face , but he was n't quick enough . 
 flon ducked the approaching blow , swivelled the jolt out of reach and plunged it into the commander 's ribs , hammering him with an electrical charge that forced him to collapse to the floor in a heap . 
 a scientist would n't have been able to react so quickly to tork 's escape attempt ; he clearly had some military training of his own . 
 i wanted to help , but fright kept me glued to the spot . 
 the soldier held his side in pain as flon reached down and grabbed tork around the collar , lifting him to his feet and jamming the jolt viciously against his neck . 
 `` do n't try that again , commander , '' he advised . 
 tork was enraged but weak from the electrical blast . 
 flon looked back at me with a happy smile . 
 `` you 'd be amazed how easy it is to kill someone . 
 with the right knowledge , you can even make it look like natural causes . 
 no questions . 
 once talsen was out of the way all i had to do was reprogram the trojans , and transmit the order to attack . 
 simple . '' 
 `` so what about creyson , did n't you factor him into your ` simple ' plan ? '' 
 asked tork through gritted teeth . 
 i answered . 
 `` you could n't , could you ? 
 there was no record of me . 
 as far as you were concerned i did n't exist . 
 my grandfather ... erased me . '' 
 `` it was a slight sticking point . 
 talsen never mentioned a grandson , and as you so rightly point out , i could find no record of any descending family on file , except his daughter , but she 'd already played her part . 
 everything was going swimmingly , until a few days ago when drake informed me of your existence . 
 if talsen knew he was dying , then he would have told you the code . 
 i knew i had to ... . 
 adapt my plan . '' 
 `` so why not just kill him ? '' 
 tork was recovering from the brutal jolt . 
 i was glad he was all right , but i wished he 'd shut up . 
 i did n't want flon to get any ideas . 
 `` come commander , grandfather and grandson both dead within a phase of each other ? 
 the risk of the murders being traced back to me was too great . 
 no . 
 my best option was to have him disappear ; of course my son managed to mess that one up . '' 
 gorn stepped forward taking a defensive stance between flon and me . 
 it was a protective gesture . 
 whether he was protecting me or the code i possessed , i 'll never know . 
 `` why ? 
 why do any of this ? '' 
 flon bristled under this new line of questioning . 
 a smile crept across his face ; he was proud of himself . 
 his voice became almost cheery `` because it 's time to return the veil of darkness to valiros . '' 
 `` you 're a veil . '' 
 if gorn were surprised , he did n't show it . 
 `` veils understand what it means to be valiron . 
 before the humans arrived we were a strong race , powerful ; but look at us now . 
 we live in our cosy homes , with our beautiful architecture , and pretty clothes . 
 we want for nothing ; we 've become weak . 
 there are those among us who prefer the way we used to live . 
 it 's time we returned to our roots . 
 we were born into the darkness . 
 this new world of light was offered to us , and we embraced it , but the cost was everything that makes us who we are . '' 
 `` so you want to throw us back into the dark ages ? '' 
 `` i want us to be valiron . '' 
 i recited my grandfather 's final words . 
 `` his only alliance is to the darkness . '' 
 `` within minutes the trojans will reach full power ; they will launch an attack on earth , and we will live in the darkness again . 
 the weak may perish , but the strong will survive . 
 i doubt kron will make it . '' 
 flon was enjoying the sound of his own voice , babbling about the wonders of living in the darkness . 
 he was focused on gorn and failed to see the new addition that had entered the control centre . 
 zeal . 
 she wandered in through one of the doorways to flon 's right . 
 she looked lost as she searched for a way out of the hub . 
 i had never been so happy to see her . 
 zeal spotted me and opened her mouth to speak . 
 my wide eyes and raised eyebrows conveyed my intended message . 
 she closed her mouth and edged back slightly into the doorway . 
 it did n't take her long to figure out what was happening . 
 she switched to hunter mode . 
 creeping slowly , she moved further into the room , slinking like a predator behind flon . 
 she quickly assessed the situation and formulated a strategy of attack . 
 our eyes met over flon 's shoulder , and she smiled . 
 zeal was ready to flex her muscles ; this was what she was born for , the thrill of the fight . 
 she began pointing at flon , then back to me . 
 i did n't understand what she wanted me to do , and this frustrated her . 
 she rolled her eyes then mouthed one word to me . 
 `` distraction . '' 
 i was flustered . 
 what could i do ? 
 flon had a jolt pressed against tork 's neck . 
 with one flick of the switch , he could finish the commander off . 
 we would only get one shot at this . 
 if it did n't work , tork could lose his life . 
 i racked my brain , and did the first thing that came to mind . 
 i nodded at zeal , and she dropped into a low stance . 
 i took a deep breath and then , screaming at the top of my lungs , i let out a shriek that sliced through the air . 
 arms waving , i ran like a mad person ; circling myself like a lag chasing his tail . 
 i may have looked ridiculous , but it worked . 
 flon stopped talking and stared at me with surprise . 
 zeal wasted no time . 
 she pushed off the ground and dived on the doctor 's back with a howl , locking her arms around his neck . 
 tork was quick to react . 
 he slipped out of his grasp and pushed himself away . 
 in a split second , he was back reaching for the jolt . 
 flon threw zeal off his back with a roar of anger , and she went hurtling to the floor , hitting the reflective surface with a heavy thud . 
 the doctor failed to see the commander back at his side . 
 with one swing of his fist , tork smashed the doctor across the side of the face , grabbing the jolt with his free hand . 
 flon turned his attention to the commander , reaffirming his grip on the jolt with more force , but zeal swung her legs in a fluid arch taking flon 's feet from under him . 
 legs flapping in the air , his back slapped onto the floor , the weapon slipping out of his grasp . 
 tork spun the jolt down and jammed it into flon 's stomach pushing the button . 
 he gave him one quick blast to incapacitate him . 
 the duo had worked together with remarkably fluid synchronisation . 
 the doctor remained on the floor gripping his stomach , moaning in pain . 
 zeal got to her feet and strolled over to me while brushing herself off . 
 `` screaming like a fool , and running like a lunatic ? 
 that 's the best you could come up with ? '' 
 chuckled zeal . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 i sarcastically responded . 
 `` you 're welcome ? 
 i 'm the one who saved the day . 
 should n't i be saying that to you ? '' 
 `` how did you get out the guest suite ? '' 
 `` i caught the door before it closed . 
 if you thought i was going to spend another minute in that hideous room you had another think coming . '' 
 `` save it you two , '' barked tork . 
 `` report ? '' 
 he shouted to the young scientist who had been frozen in shock . 
 `` erm ... the trojans are at ninety-eight percent . '' 
 tork turned to gorn `` how do you input the code ? '' 
 `` we can do it from here . '' 
 flon laughed through spurts of pain . 
 `` no you ca n't . 
 i 've disabled the remote access . 
 you wo n't be able to stop them . '' 
 `` is there another way ? '' 
 gorn thought for a moment . 
 `` yes . 
 i believe you can input the code directly . 
 each trojan has an access panel in the bottom left corner . 
 if you open it up you can punch in the code manually ; the deactivation order should be instantly transmitted to the entire network . '' 
 tork did n't appreciate technical explanations . 
 `` they 'll shut down ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 with a nod , the commander marched his way over to me . 
 `` creyson , what 's the code ? '' 
 tork was planning to input the code himself . 
 in an instant , any fear i once harboured washed away . 
 this was my grandfather 's duty , and now it was mine , my legacy . 
 this had become my responsibility . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm going to do it . '' 
 he knew there was n't time to argue . 
 `` fine . '' 
 he looked back at gorn throwing him the jolt . 
 `` gorn , keep an eye on flon . '' 
 `` how are you going to get out ? 
 the corridor is inaccessible '' `` the military access point . '' 
 flon began to snigger . 
 `` i 'm afraid not , commander . 
 after you reminded me , i changed the encryption code . 
 i suppose you could blast it open , but i doubt you 'll have the time . '' 
 tork hesitated for a moment , he had no answer . 
 an idea sprang to mind . 
 `` the ventilation system . 
 flon told me all about it . 
 it runs throughout the entire complex , and there are several vents that lead to the surface . '' 
 apparently i 'd been paying more attention than i 'd thought . 
 tork 's head lifted . 
 i followed his gaze , which settled on a small air vent . 
 `` creyson , how are you with small spaces ? '' 
 in response to his question , i grabbed one of the silver chairs and rolled it under the air duct . 
 `` ready when you are . '' 
 he climbed on the chair , pulled the grate free from the wall then clambered his way into the small opening . 
 benton began to move , and his eyes flickered open . 
 `` that really hurt , '' he griped . 
 i dropped by his side . 
 `` benton , you 're okay . '' 
 `` you 've got a weird perception of ` okay ' . '' 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` like three hundred volts of electricity were poured through my body . 
 is it over ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 he let out a small whine . 
 `` this has been a really bad first day . '' 
 `` tell me about it . 
 zeal , '' she looked at me . 
 `` benton 's been hurt , stay with him . '' 
 she stared down at our friend lying on the floor . 
 `` typical ; trust benton to be the one who ended up unconscious . '' 
 `` zeal ... '' `` okay , not a problem . 
 i 'll stay with him . '' 
 `` mr parthy , get moving , '' order tork from within the vent . 
 i began to climb the chair , when zeal grabbed my wrist . 
 `` i have no idea what 's going on , but it sounds dangerous . 
 be careful creyson parthy . '' 
 this could have been the last time i saw zeal ; in the light at least . 
 i 'm not sure what came over me , but i jumped back down , grabbed her , and gave her the biggest kiss i could muster . 
 zeal was stunned . 
 so was i. `` well , took you long enough , '' she jibbed . 
 `` you know , you annoy me . 
 you frustrate me . 
 sometimes you make so angry i feel like my head could explode . '' 
 `` you 're ruining the moment . '' 
 `` but you are sort of amazing . '' 
 `` yes i am . '' 
 `` mr parthy ! '' 
 shouted tork . 
 without a word , i jumped on to the chair and pulled myself up and through the vent . 
 behind me , i could hear flon shouting a haunting prediction . 
 `` you 'll never stop them ! 
 the darkness is coming ! '' 
 chapter sixteen ` the code ' dragging our bodies through the air ducts was tough going . 
 tork 's large frame made it difficult for him to turn corners , and i could hear him huffing with effort as he forced his body through the slim flues . 
 eventually we saw light pouring through one of the vents that led to the surface . 
 bashing it open , we crawled out of the claustrophobic space . 
 tork and i stood on the dorow wasteland , the destroyed entrance to the hub behind us . 
 on any normal day , you would have been able to see far into the distant , but this was no normal day . 
 the lights surrounding dorow had failed , and a ring of blackness that threatened to engulf the last remnants of light surrounded the wasteland . 
 laid out before us were thousands of trojan devices . 
 although the sight was as terrifying as ever , my mind was focused on one thing , input the code . 
 i was assuming of course that the code was correct . 
 up until that point , i had n't doubted myself . 
 i believed , with all my heart that i was correct , but suddenly , standing there with the weight of two worlds on my shoulders , i questioned if my epiphany was indeed right . 
 what if it was simply a rhyme , a wonderful piece of literature written by a historic figure , and had nothing to do with the code at all ? 
 i repeated the passage in my head . 
 `` a dream for one can be a dream for many if i dream of a new future , could i imagine a new present ? 
 one dream can be forgotten , two can be ignored but if there were four then six , they should never be discounted . 
 a dream for one can be a dream for all . '' 
 one , one , two , four , six , one . 
 it was all i had . 
 right or wrong , these six numbers were our only hope . 
 `` we only have a few minutes before the launch , '' prompted tork . 
 i stared at the devices that were no longer dormant ; they had become living , breathing entities . 
 you could feel the vibration of power surging through the ground , and a faint smoke had gathered around their bases as their engines began to power up . 
 i had no time to second-guess myself . 
 flon 's single-minded determination never wavered . 
 he was willing to destroy an entire civilisation , and devastate another , in order to obtain his goal . 
 i needed to have the same conviction . 
 i was the only thing that stood between the end of valiros as we knew it , and the death of billions of innocent humans . 
 `` gorn said to input the code directly into one of the trojans . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` then i suggest you snap to it . '' 
 `` yes sir , '' i replied . 
 with one final breath to calm my nerves , i advanced towards the machines . 
 once i 'd arrived at one of the trojans my breathing was erratic , i could feel my heart pounding against my chest , and sweat covered my palms . 
 i closed my eyes and focused on calming down . 
 i thought of zeal , and our bonding ceremony , and for the first time that notion did n't fill me with dread . 
 i wanted to bond with her , and i wanted to do it in the light . 
 this thought gave me the strength i needed . 
 i began searching for the access panel . 
 where was it ? 
 what had gorn said ? 
 i could n't remember . 
 the device was so large . 
 was it on the back or the front ? 
 top or bottom ? 
 any resolve i 'd regained was quickly evaporating . 
 in a complete panic , i turned back to tork . 
 `` i ca n't find the access panel ! '' 
 his face was calm , although inside he was probably as anxious as i was . 
 he ran over . 
 `` bottom left corner . '' 
 `` help me look . '' 
 we both began to scan the base of the device . 
 it was tork who found it . 
 `` here . '' 
 the radio clipped to his belt sprang to life , and the young scientist 's voice crackled over it . 
 `` commander tork , the trojans are at ninety-nine percent . '' 
 `` understood , '' he said . 
 the mighty overhead lights began to flicker as the last remnants of power were drained from their energy cells . 
 `` we 're out of time mr parthy . 
 it 's now or never . '' 
 frantically , i tried to pull the panel free from the trojan . 
 `` i ca n't get it open ! '' 
 `` move . '' 
 tork pushed me out of the way and began to pull the panel with all his might . 
 the heat from the engine was increasing , and i could see his skin beginning to sear under the intense temperature . 
 the panel came loose . 
 tork gripped his hand , his face distorted in agony . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` forget me and input the code . '' 
 the access panel exposed a small control console at the base of the unit , a combination of nine buttons . 
 falling to my knees , i prepared to input the code . 
 `` quickly , '' he pleaded , his voice filled with pain . 
 once again the radio spoke `` they 're at one hundred percent . '' 
 the lights above us failed , and dorow was plunged into darkness . 
 the trojans roared to life expelling masses of heat and fire from their engines . 
 the blast forced me back . 
 the heat had become so severe there was no way to reach the panel without serious injury . 
 `` it 's too hot . 
 i ca n't input the code ! '' 
 i shouted over the racket . 
 `` tell me the code ! 
 i 'll do it ! '' 
 he bawled back . 
 `` you ca n't . 
 it 's too late . '' 
 tork knew i was right . 
 the panel was covered in raging flames . 
 there was no way of reaching it and punching in the six numbers required to power down the trojans . 
 the ground was shaking from over six thousand flying bombs preparing to launch their attack . 
 the lights may have failed , but dorow was aglow with the burning flames that spewed from the devices . 
 we were surrounded in a fiery wasteland like something from a nightmare . 
 tork and i both knew it was unlikely either of us would survive the launch . 
 all points of escape had been cut off by walls of fire . 
 this was the end . 
 i imagined flon , lying on the floor in the control centre , satisfaction on his face . 
 he 'd won . 
 `` it 's been an honour , creyson parthy , '' tork yelled . 
 this could n't be the end . 
 this was n't the way it was meant to happen . 
 one by one , the trojans began to lift off the ground leaving a path of deadly flames in their wake . 
 my face was starting to burn , my eyes stinging from the relentless heat . 
 each device rocketed towards the gateway cavern , towards earth . 
 i refused to allow this to be my legacy . 
 there had to be something i could do . 
 resolute , i ran back to the trojan and plunged my hand into the flames . 
 `` creyson ! 
 no ! '' 
 the heat did n't seem to burn at first , it was almost cold , and then the receivers in my brain translated the pain from my hand . 
 it was excruciating . 
 i grew dizzy as i began to lose consciousness . 
 i managed to reach the control panel and began to input the six-digit code . 
 i heard a horrendous cry , i wanted it to stop ... until i realised it was me . 
 tork grabbed me and yanked my body away . 
 my hand was blistering , and the sleeve of my shirt had melted into parts of my skin . 
 `` creyson , you 're an idiot . '' 
 `` i did it , '' i said , grimacing through the pain . 
 `` i imputed the code . '' 
 `` then why have n't they stopped ? '' 
 he unclipped his radio and spoke . 
 `` gorn , come in . '' 
 `` gorn here . '' 
 `` we 've imputed the code , but it has n't worked . '' 
 `` the code must have been wrong . '' 
 `` so what can we do ? '' 
 there was a moment of silence on the other end of the radio . 
 `` nothing , '' gorn said . 
 `` i need options , gorn . '' 
 there was no response on the radio . 
 `` control centre , come in . '' 
 he tried to switch to another channel on the radio . 
 `` anyone , please respond . '' 
 he looked across at me . 
 `` it 's dead . '' 
 i shouted to tork `` i must have missed something . 
 there must be something else . '' 
 faced with my own mortality , my mind suddenly became clear . 
 the fear was gone , and a peculiar contentment washed over me . 
 the heat scorched my skin , the searing pain travelled through my body , the burning was almost unbearable , but i no longer cared . 
 my grandfather 's final words whispered in my mind ` speak and be heard . ' 
 that was the answer . 
 `` it was never about just the code . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` anyone could press six buttons . 
 there has to be a reason only one person can deactivate them , a reason i was important enough to hide . 
 it 's because i 'm the only who can deliver the code . '' 
 `` deliver ? 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 `` speak and be heard , that 's what he told me . 
 first it was the voice of my grandfather , now it 's my voice . '' 
 `` you have to say the numbers ? '' 
 `` no-one said the code was just the numbers . '' 
 i stood and turned to the device in front of me and screamed at the top of my lungs . 
 `` a dream for one can be a dream for many . 
 if i dream of a new future , could i imagine a new present ? 
 one dream can be forgotten , two can be ignored . 
 but if there were four then six , they should never be discounted . 
 a dream for one can be a dream for all . '' 
 nothing happened . 
 trojans were still taking flight around me ; those already in the air had almost reached the gateway cavern . 
 the device in front of me began to rise from the ground . 
 it should have worked . 
 it had to work . 
 i collapsed to my knees , resting my forehead on the ground . 
 after a few seconds , the roaring began to decrease . 
 i lifted my head ; the deadly fires that surrounded us were diminishing . 
 in the distance , i could see the trojan devices that were in mid-flight , plummeting to the ground . 
 tork stared at me with strange mixture of disbelief and relief , sweat dripping from his face . 
 `` creyson ? 
 what just happened ? '' 
 the lights in dorow began to slowly power back up , flooding the wasteland with light . 
 this was followed by the surrounding areas that became illuminated by the overhead lighting . 
 it was a beautiful sight to behold . 
 the radio crackled to life again . 
 `` commander tork . 
 commander tork please respond . '' 
 he lifted the radio to his face . 
 `` tork here . '' 
 `` you did it . 
 the trojans have powered down , and energy is being redirected to all main systems . '' 
 `` it was n't me . '' 
 he took a beat . 
 `` you can thank creyson parthy . '' 
 `` understood . 
 we 'll see you shortly . '' 
 `` get that military access point open and have a medical team ready to meet us . '' 
 `` yes commander . 
 control centre out . '' 
 tork flung the radio to the ground . 
 he looked exhausted . 
 it had certainly been a full day for both of us . 
 `` how are you feeling , mr parthy ? '' 
 `` i 'm a little burnt around the edges , but i can honestly say ... i 've never felt better . '' 
 and that was the truth . 
 `` let 's get back inside . '' 
 i helped tork to his feet , and we began to walk towards the underground entrance to the hub . 
 `` creyson , '' said a voice from behind us . 
 i recognised it . 
 it was a voice that had offered me comfort in the past . 
 a voice i had n't heard for over half a cycle . 
 i looked back and sure enough standing directly in front of me , clear as the trojans around us , was my mother . 
 i could n't fathom how this was possible . 
 i wondered if i 'd lost my mind , that perhaps the stress had been too much causing me to hallucinate . 
 `` do you see her ? '' 
 tork seemed as mystified as i did . 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i was relieved this apparition was n't in my mind . 
 `` she 's my mother . '' 
 she looked the same as the day she 'd vanished . 
 her long sandy hair flowing over her shoulders , her warm eyes , and gentle smile as beautiful as the memory that was engraved in my mind . 
 `` how 's this possible ? '' 
 i stepped towards her . 
 `` mother ... ? '' 
 `` creyson ... '' started tork `` mother , i did n't think i 'd see you again . '' 
 `` creyson , '' he tried again . 
 i turned back to tork . 
 `` you see her . 
 you said you could see her . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry creyson , but she 's not really here . '' 
 `` but you see her . '' 
 `` i 've seen this technology before . 
 we use it in the military for training simulations . 
 it 's a projection . '' 
 tork explained . 
 `` it must have been programmed into the trojan devices . 
 when you delivered the code , your voice activated the program . '' 
 i knew he was right . 
 as i got closer , i noticed she did n't look directly at me . 
 she did n't react to my voice , and there was something about her physical form that was n't quite solid ; light seemed to pass through her , giving her figure an ethereal glow . 
 this was n't my mother , it was a recording . 
 my heart sank a little . 
 she began to speak . 
 `` crey , if you 're seeing this that means the veils were successful in activating the trojans , and you were successful in inputting the deactivation code . '' 
 hearing her voice again took me back to my youth and the bedtime stories she used to read to me . 
 `` it also means my father , your grandfather has passed . 
 i know he would be proud of you . 
 i 'm sorry i had to leave , but i had no choice . 
 i look forward to the day i can hold you again ; look upon your face . 
 the world you once knew probably seems a great deal larger now , but this is merely the start crey . 
 time is of the essence , and i do n't have long , so remember this ; there is war coming . 
 the order of darkness are preparing to invade , and we wo n't be able to stop them alone . 
 the veils have a plan , greater than any of us could imagine . 
 valiros is going to be caught in the middle of a battle for supremacy between these two forces , and the outcome of this war rests with you . 
 the challenges you will face will be great , and the loss even greater . 
 not everything is what it seems , but if you follow the path that is laid out before you , you can save our world . 
 i love you crey , with all my heart , i love you . '' 
 and with that my mother disappeared . 
 the ominous warning she delivered made my stomach turn cold , and her final words caused a tear to form in my eye . 
 `` okay , the veils i know , but who are ` the order of darkness ' ? '' 
 asked tork . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i took a beat . 
 `` but i intend to find out . '' 
 chapter seventeen ` the high darlon council ' i brushed off my trousers for the tenth time , and slid my hand across my jacket in an attempt to keep out the creases . 
 my tie was uncomfortable around my neck and caused the collar of my shirt to rub my neck raw . 
 my hand and arm were bandaged , but the stinging was still annoying . 
 the longer i waited , the more apprehensive i became , the more sweat my body produced , and the more it caused my burns to sting . 
 i 'd never been inside the high darlon council building . 
 i 'd stood outside its grand entrance and admired the beautiful round building that was the centrepiece of the capital . 
 the inside was magnificent . 
 never in my life had i seen such breath-taking beauty . 
 the building did n't look as if it had been built ; it looked more as if it had grown from the ground and shaped itself to become the pinnacle of all buildings . 
 arched doors flowed to smooth floors that flowed to rounded ceilings . 
 grey and white blended effortlessly throughout the entire building . 
 this place was the model from which the rest of valiros was designed , but this was the first , and everything else was merely a copy attempting to match its splendour . 
 i sat outside the main council chamber , waiting to be summoned . 
 as usual , i 'd arrived early , so a kind lady had provided me with a glass of water and told me where to sit . 
 there was a viewing terminal opposite me , and i watched a news report regarding the recent events . 
 it was the same perky reporter who had been sensationalising the trojans disappearance . 
 `` due to circumstances beyond the high darlon council 's control , trans central and the surrounding areas experienced a temporary loss of power . 
 the loss was caused by a power surge in the main energy supply feeding the capital . 
 many areas were evacuated for safety purposes . 
 the council are delighted to say this problem has now been rectified . 
 in an unrelated story , all the trojan devices were recalled by the trojan keepers for maintenance and repairs . 
 we 've been told that they will be returned to their locations shortly . 
 the high darlon council apologises for any inconvenience these events may have caused . '' 
 most would believe these stories , but i was certain it would also add to the conspiracy theories ; a conspiracy i was now a part of . 
 i wished zeal had been here . 
 she had returned to danton because she was eager to arrange the bonding ceremony . 
 `` there 's so much to prepare , '' she jabbered , `` you 'll be fine on your own . 
 i mean , if you want me there , i suppose i could make the time ... . '' 
 `` zeal , it 's okay . '' 
 `` oh , you know how i feel about the government , creyson parthy . 
 the idea of walking into the high darlon council building makes me feel sick . '' 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i 'd rather you get everything ready . 
 besides , you 'd probably manage to insult them , and get us both locked up . '' 
 `` probably . '' 
 it was crazy , but i was actually looking forward to bonding with zeal . 
 i 'd remained in the hub for several days while power was restored to valiros . 
 i met with more military officers than i care to count , each of them stressing the importance of secrecy . 
 sadly i did n't get an opportunity to speak with tork . 
 he was sent away immediately to coordinate the reoccupation of trans central . 
 as recognition of his actions , the military promoted tork from junior commander to full commander . 
 flon had been taken by the military to a secret location for further questioning . 
 i doubted he would see the light of day again . 
 the revelation of the veils ' true purpose to bring darkness back to valiros had shocked everyone . 
 once they were considered a harmless group of valirons who wanted to expose the truth , now they represented a greater threat to valiros and earth . 
 minister drake 's translator had been repaired , and i could once again understand his slow drooling tone . 
 i had not mentioned the appearance of my mother and , to my knowledge , neither had tork . 
 a few hours before zeal and i left to return home , i was summoned to the minister 's office . 
 `` you asked to see me sir ? '' 
 he sat behind his desk flicking through some paperwork . 
 he looked up at me with a smile . 
 `` mr parthy . '' 
 i lingered in the doorway , `` please , come in . 
 take a seat . '' 
 i timidly obeyed and sat in a chair opposite his desk . 
 looking around the room , i understood why the minister had n't invited me to his office before . 
 the room was filled with strange and alien things . 
 pictures hung on the walls ; images of places i 'd never seen before ; buildings , monuments , impressive landscapes , and people who were obviously not valiron . 
 all the furniture was slightly too large , making me feel small in comparison . 
 `` no doubt you 're keen to return home . '' 
 `` i am , sir . '' 
 `` then i wo n't keep you any longer than necessary . 
 firstly , i want to thank you for your help . 
 if it were n't for you , my world may very well have been lost . '' 
 `` i did n't do that much . '' 
 `` mr parthy , it 's not every day you save an entire culture from extinction . 
 accept my thanks gracefully . '' 
 `` yes sir ... . 
 and you 're welcome . '' 
 `` our team has been reconstructing the explosive device from the corridor . 
 it appears it was remotely controlled . 
 luckily for us the receiver malfunctioned . '' 
 `` seemed to work perfectly well from where i was standing . '' 
 `` but it did n't destroy what it was meant to . 
 flon sent the order to detonate from a computer in the control centre . '' 
 `` when was it sent ? '' 
 `` when you and i arrived at the hub . '' 
 `` it was meant to kill me . '' 
 `` so it appears . '' 
 `` sir , if what you 're saying is true , then i think you have a bigger problem . 
 the hub may have been infiltrated by more veils than you realise . '' 
 `` care to explain how you 've come to that conclusion ? '' 
 `` when you and i arrived here , doctor flon was n't in the control centre ; he was in the guest suite , with zeal . '' 
 drake 's expression turned grave . 
 `` also , i 've been thinking , sir . 
 flon was ... is an incredibly clever scientist . 
 he thought out every part of this plot , right down to the last detail . 
 he managed to manipulate everyone . '' 
 `` you sound like you admire him . '' 
 `` not at all . 
 my issue is there was a big hole in his plan . '' 
 `` how so ? '' 
 `` he murdered my grandfather because he had the code . 
 my mother was missing , and there was no record of me , so flon assumed nobody else could stop the trojans . '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 `` and there 's the flaw . 
 if there were no family members to pass the code onto , then my grandfather surely would have passed it on to someone else . 
 it was tork who said my grandfather would n't have left something like that to chance . '' 
 `` so the question you 're asking is why flon did n't arrive at the same assumption . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` do you have a theory ? '' 
 `` not really , but i do n't believe flon would miss something like that . '' 
 `` well , whatever his intentions , doctor flon is safely locked away . '' 
 `` locked away or not , i do n't think we 've seen the last of him . '' 
 we both sat in silence for a few seconds . 
 `` i called you here because i wanted to talk to you about your mother . '' 
 drake 's statement took me by surprise . 
 i doubted commander tork had told him about the projection , so i decided to keep quiet and see where the conversation led . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 `` as you 've probably gathered , tabar did n't simply disappear , mr parthy . 
 just as there are people from my world down here , there are people from your world up there . '' 
 `` my mother 's on earth ? '' 
 i could n't hide my excitement . 
 `` she was sent as a representative ; my counterpart if you will . 
 unfortunately , we lost contact with her nearly three phases ago . 
 we have no idea where she is or what happened to her . '' 
 to be so close to finding her and then to have her ripped away seemed unfair . 
 `` she 's missing ? '' 
 `` i assure you mr parthy , we intend to find her . 
 a group calling themselves ` the order of darkness ' claim to know where she is . '' 
 `` flon mentioned them . '' 
 `` they 're a group who believe that the human race originates from valiros , that it 's the birth place of mankind . 
 they feel humanity has a claim to your world and wish to exploit it . 
 the financial gain of valiros is obvious and desirable . 
 earth has nearly exhausted its natural resources ; your world offers a fresh supply . '' 
 `` did they take her ? '' 
 `` they say not , but they claim she 's still alive . 
 i fear her disappearance was part of a plan to expose your grandfather 's identity ; which would mean the veils are responsible for her desertion . 
 i 'm planning to return to the surface shortly . 
 i intend to find out what i can . '' 
 `` i appreciate that , sir . '' 
 drake stood from behind the desk and walked around to my side . 
 he perched himself on the edge next to my seat . 
 `` and i want you to come with me . '' 
 i was n't sure i 'd heard him correctly . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` commander tork has already agreed to accompany us as a military escort . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure zeal would be too happy with me leaving . '' 
 `` she 's welcome to come along . 
 she already knows about my world , and i 'm sure she would be an asset . 
 zeal has more than proved herself capable . '' 
 `` i do n't know what to say . '' 
 `` creyson , if i 'm going to find tabar parthy , then i 'll need you to do it . '' 
 there was no doubt in my mind . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'll come with you . '' 
 a smile beamed across drake 's face . 
 `` wonderful . '' 
 he moved back behind his desk . 
 `` there are a few arrangements to make , so i will contact you in the next few days . '' 
 `` thank you , sir . '' 
 the minister had given me hope , and for that , i was eternally thankful . 
 i began to leave . 
 `` one other thing , creyson . '' 
 `` yes minister ? '' 
 `` the high darlon council would like to see you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i 'm not privy to all the council 's intentions , but i imagine they wish to thank you . 
 tomorrow morning , first light . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 i was scared . 
 `` first light . '' 
 the next day i took a side trip to the medical building to check on benton . 
 although the charge from the jolt had caused some internal injuries , he was recovering well . 
 i invited him to the bonding ceremony , and left him with a basket of fruit , and a couple of publications to help pass the time . 
 now i sat waiting to meet the high darlon council for the first time . 
 the door to the chamber swung open , and a sprightly young male smiled at me . 
 `` they 're ready for you mr parthy . '' 
 i walked through the door into the council chamber . 
 each footstep echoed through the cavernous space . 
 the ceiling was so incredibly high i practically had to break my neck to look all the way up . 
 the twelve members of the council appeared aged . 
 there were six males and six females , all perfectly presented and impeccably dressed . 
 they sat in grand silver thrones that created a semi-circle at the end of the room . 
 each chair looked hand carved and individually , ornately decorated . 
 in front of each chair was a plinth roughly half a metre high with a white glass ball that appeared to float in mid-air . 
 a single chair of much simpler design was placed in the centre of the hall . 
 i took the seat . 
 one by one , the glass balls began to shine until all twelve radiated a brilliant white light . 
 `` the forum is now in session , '' announced a male council member . 
 a female spoke , `` creyson parthy , born in the village of danton situated in the lincoll provence , son to tabar and lowen parthy , one cycle and 11 phases old . '' 
 another male spoke `` we owe you a debt of gratitude , mr parthy . 
 thanks to your bravery you have saved both valiros and earth . '' 
 `` this debt can never be repaid , '' added a female . 
 `` you and your family will be relocated to the capital . 
 you may live in any unit of your choosing . 
 in addition , you will be granted the tile of tre creyson parthy . '' 
 ` tre ' is a title given to valirons who have contributed to the society in a significant way , such as tre broter penn. . 
 this tile has been given to less than ten living valirons and is normally reserved for the dead . 
 `` thank you . 
 it 's an honour . '' 
 `` however , '' a stern male added . 
 `` we must stress the importance of secrecy . 
 the population can not know about the humans , or how they changed our world . 
 the trojans true purpose must also be kept secret , as should the true intent of the veils . '' 
 `` do you understand ? '' 
 asked a female . 
 i thought for a moment . 
 `` yes , i understand , and i 'll keep your secrets . '' 
 `` good . 
 you may leave tre creyson parthy , '' concluded the oldest of the council members . 
 each of the lights began to fade . 
 `` but you 're wrong . '' 
 all twelve stared at me , then at each other . 
 the glass balls began to brighten again . 
 `` explain your last statement , '' said a male . 
 i moved my head from left to right , looking at each of the council members before speaking . 
 `` secrets and lies , that 's what our world is built on . 
 my grandfather was murdered for them , my mother was sent to another world for them , my friend is lying in a medical bed for them . 
 we 've become a race that finds lying far too easy . '' 
 `` the high darlon council does not lie , it protects , '' stressed a female . 
 `` you deceive , and that deceit almost tore our world apart and nearly decimated another . '' 
 `` it is an unfortunate truth , but secrets must be kept for the greater good . '' 
 `` but i do n't see any good that has come from your secrets . 
 we blame the veils , call them evil , but they were born out the lies that you created . 
 when the power failed , the people were scared , they panicked , and countless soldiers and innocent people were hurt . '' 
 a male council member leaned forward on his seat , staring at me through narrow eyes . 
 `` are you giving us a reason to doubt your loyalty ? '' 
 `` not at all . 
 i am , and always will be , a loyal valiron . 
 i love my world , and nothing will change that fact . 
 it 's difficult to accept that everything i was taught was a lie ... '' `` and that makes you angry . '' 
 `` not angry , but i 'm happier knowing the truth . 
 valiros is a beautiful place ; people have the right to know why . 
 `` can we trust you to keep our secrets ? '' 
 questioned another male . 
 `` you are the high darlon council , and i respect that . 
 i give you my word , i will never tell . '' 
 `` after what you 've said , why would you be so willing to be a part of our deception ? '' 
 `` because i have no choice . 
 however , i would rather you keep the title , and allow me to keep my grandfather 's unit on the edge of the city . '' 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 `` i 'll keep your secrets , but i wo n't benefit from them . '' 
 the council members stared at me , until the oldest male finally spoke , `` you may leave ... mr creyson parthy . '' 
 i stood from the chair , turned my back on the high darlon council , and walked out of the chamber with wobbly legs . 
 #### it was nice to be home . 
 walking through the front door was like returning home from a long trip away . 
 although only a few days had passed , it felt like cycles . 
 everything was just how i remembered it , yet it did n't feel the same . 
 the person who used to live in this unit no longer existed ; in his place was a wiser and more watchful inhabitant . 
 i sat in the living compartment , savouring the moment to myself . 
 i drifted to the passage hanging on the wall , a simple rhyme that had saved our world . 
 i was hungry but too exhausted to make food , so i remained on the sofa and closed my eyes . 
 not so long ago i was an unimportant valiron living a quiet life . 
 now i was creyson parthy , saviour of worlds , life partner , and adventurer . 
 i did n't know what awaited me in this new world , but i was looking forward to finding out . 
 there were more mysteries to solve , more secrets to uncover . 
 for the first time , my life was greater than my imagination . 
 my name is creyson parthy , and this is my story ... . 
 #### i hope you enjoyed reading this book . 
 the idea came from a documentary i watched . 
 it explored the theories regarding the planets core . 
 although scientists believe it is solid , they ca n't be certain . 
 this got me thinking and creyson parthy was born . 
 i hope this will be the first book of four . 
 i am currently working on the second book which is entitled ` creyson parthy & the map of truth . ' 
 i do need to say a big thank you to mark who 's constant encouragement -lrb- whether it 's wanted or not -rrb- is largely responsible for the completion of this book . 
 thank you . 
 also a thank you to my proof-reader -lrb- you know who you are . -rrb- 
 and of course , thank you to you for taking the time to read my book , and i hope you will follow creyson parthy in all his upcoming adventures . 
