 simon eady by adrian monico copyright 2012 adrian monico smashwords edition author 's bio adrian monico was born in australia to italian parents . 
 his family returned to italy when he was 2 years old where he was raised in the alps until the age of 14 . 
 on returning to australia , adrian was required to learn english in order to complete high school and pursue his interest in physics at university . 
 at the completion of his first year at university , adrian decided to join the australian defence force -lrb- adf -rrb- as a commissioned army officer . 
 during his 15 years of service adrian reached the rank of major . 
 the adf sponsored adrian to return to university and study information technology . 
 he also commanded surface to air missile systems and saw active service in east timor . 
 adrian is currently a successful it and telecommunications service delivery manager . 
 simon eady adrian monico marmolada first published 2012 by marmolada pty ltd copyright adrian monico 2012 the moral right of the author has been asserted . 
 all rights reserved . 
 no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted by any person or entity , in any form or by any mean , electronic or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , scanning or by any information storage and retrieval system , without prior permission in writing from the publisher . 
 isbn : 978-0-9873544-0-2 acknowledgements as i place my fingers on the keyboard , i realised that the number of friends and family that have come to my rescue to get this book published is continuously growing . 
 so i am sure that the day this book goes to print , i will be already committed to the release of a second edition of the book where the main change will be the entry of family and friends that i did not acknowledge in the first edition . 
 meanwhile , my gratitude goes out to penny for all the support , love , and the months spent proof reading ; my kids for their unconditional love ; my mother for all of the time spent re-re-reediting the book ; robyn , carl , des , and nick for proof reading it ; sandra for the book cover ; the friends who allowed me the use of their names for the characters - particularly simon for giving me the perfect name for the main character , and kevin for lending me the perfect surname - , and joe who finally gets to see one of my family 's books getting printed . 
 disclaimer this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , and incidents are the products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual events , locales , or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental . 
 prologue -- living as a ` shadow ' intelligence operative ` shadow ' felt nervous . 
 his nervousness was not driven by the fact that he was skiing at great speed down an unknown mountain in the middle of a moonless night , nor was it driven by the fact that he knew little of the target , nor was it driven by the fact that his government had ordered the assassination of the most wanted criminal in europe ; what made shadow nervous , was the fact that for the first time in 27 years , he was not going to carry out the mission himself . 
 shadow had simply been ordered to assess the best `` new era '' mi6 agent . 
 criminals have increasingly become more sophisticated than government agents . 
 in the last 10 years , spy agencies around the world have had to change focus from being `` the best equipped '' to simply `` the most ruthless '' . 
 this change of focus came at a very high cost . 
 several top `` new generation '' recruits had been killed during operations by taking unnecessary risks , or foregoing meticulous planning . 
 the main reason so many new operatives had recently died was due to an unwillingness to be ruthless , cold and calculating machines . 
 instead , they let themselves be influenced by their moral upbringing . 
 shadow 's nervousness clawed at his brain , he was concerned that 2c 's ability could compromise the mission -- 2c belonged to this `` new era '' of ` moral ' spies . 
 the soft swish of shadow 's skis , the frozen snow and the cold on his face heightened his awareness as the target area was fast approaching . 
 his study of satellite maps identified several sentry posts . 
 after years of training , his heartbeat slowed . 
 shadow passed a mission marker at 90 km/h . 
 he cleared his mind of all thoughts and became sharpened ; the first of the sentry posts was almost upon him . 
 contrary to agent 2c , whose choice of entry would be by air , shadow decided to approach the area in a more subtle and less dramatic way - by walking . 
 in fact there were numerous differences in the approaches taken by shadow and agent 2c . 
 firstly , agent 2c accepted to undertake the mission only 2 weeks after the completion of his previous one . 
 to the contrary , shadow 's mandated time between missions had to be at least 3 months . 
 secondly , agent 2c opted for a face to face encounter with the target , whilst shadow preferred to carry out eliminations , or in this case observations , by covert surveillance . 
 furthermore , agent 2c selected the limited edition walther p99 ta 9mm pistol , with mi6 's own custom made explosive rounds , whilst shadow 's weapon of choice , was the ` mosquito ' sniper rifle - originally nicknamed ` mosquito ' because of the feeling experienced by targets when hit by the poisoned needles . 
 lastly , agent 2c 's extraction plan would be to use a body harness equipped with sufficient rockets for an instant propelled launch to 2,000 meters . 
 at this point a parachute would be deployed to slow down the fall . 
 a specifically built rescue plane would then snag the long reins of the parachute and retrieve the spy into the plane using an advanced winch system . 
 to the contrary , shadow preferred to lie hidden until such time as it would be safe to walk out unnoticed . 
 it was because of the hidden and subtle approaches used by shadow over the years , that he was given his codename . 
 in fact , shadow had been so good at keeping hidden , that only two people in the world knew who he was , and only 20 other people were aware that he was a british spy . 
 to the rest of the world , shadow was a ghost that came in the middle of the night and eliminated his enemies . 
 many superstitious criminals referred to shadow as `` the death 's messenger '' . 
 at a time when many criminals had had a poor education , shadow was as real to them as the air they breathed - never seen but always there . 
 however , as years passed and criminals became more educated , shadow became a legend . 
 the story of shadow was always told as an embellished tale . 
 it still created fear and apprehension in those who spoke of him . 
 it was said that ` romulus ' , who until recently was the most feared criminal in the world , gave himself up when he heard that shadow was targeting him . 
 despite the fact that there were many stories about shadow that were fictional , romulus ' surrender was true . 
 even though many feared shadow , his reputation also made him a target for assassins who were attempting to make a name for themselves by killing him . 
 shadow never feared death ; he did fear it for those whom he cared for . 
 as the legend of shadow grew , more of his enemies tried to get to him via his loved ones . 
 it was for this reason that he made his spy world his only world , thus breaking contact with all but one person - the director of mi6 . 
 a hundred metres short of the first sentry hideout , shadow came to a slow stop . 
 he then unhooked one of his boots from the ski and placed it just above the snow . 
 immediately , two very small metal bars extended downwards from the heel and two from the toe of the boot , penetrating the snow . 
 a laser established the necessary depth for the bar to extend : this was based on his weight , the velocity his foot was travelling at , and the density of the snow . 
 once these extendable bars reached the predetermined depth , their tips opened into large metallic discs able to sustain shadow 's weight . 
 if shadow began to run , the laser would automatically adjust the depth required for the metal bars to penetrate the snow . 
 however , as shadow rarely resorted to running , he had yet to test the limits of this technology . 
 as he took the weight off each foot , the discs and the bars would retract . 
 these customised boots enabled shadow to walk on snow without leaving footprints . 
 tonight , shadow considered himself fortunate that the wind was moving snow across the forest , thus covering the small holes left by his boots . 
 as shadow moved forward towards the first sentry hideout , he quickly spotted a guard scanning the area with a set of thermal goggles . 
 shadow suspected that such a fortress would not take any chances with ` accidental ' night visitors coming via land or air . 
 for this reason , on this mission , shadow decided that this and two other sentry posts needed to be ` neutralised ' . 
 tonight shadow 's aim was to simply make the targets ineffective without killing them . 
 a dead person would be found and raise an alarm . 
 to the contrary , a sleepy target would suggest poor discipline and would result in anger and not suspicion by those who found him . 
 as the guard scanned the area , he eventually reached the point where shadow was hiding behind a tree . 
 it was at this moment that the guard was suddenly distracted by a prickly sensation on his neck . 
 he immediately slapped his neck reacting to what he thought was a mosquito bite . 
 however , upon realisation that it was too cold for mosquitoes , he assumed that it was simply his clothing irritating his skin . 
 the prick did n't feel painful enough to raise suspicion , as it was caused by a very tiny dart made of a ` micro needle ' that contained a powerful sedative . 
 shadow had set the poisoned needle propulsion velocity slightly higher than required in order to counter the wind . 
 he was pleased to see that he had managed to hit the target a hundred metres away without raising any alarm . 
 there were three types of needles available . 
 the red needle was used to instantly sedate the target for approximately 10 minutes . 
 the blue needle initially only made the target drowsy , but after approximately 2 minutes made them lose consciousness for 30 minutes . 
 the secondary advantage of the red and blue needles was that the poison only placed the targets into a deep sleep , which could still be broken by loud noises or by being shaken by someone else - hence feeling like an ` accidental ' sleep . 
 the third needle , coloured grey , was used to kill the target with a potent cyanide based poison . 
 shadow used the blue needle on both the sentry who was on watch and on the guard in the background who was already asleep . 
 a minute later , the second sentry decided to sit down as he felt tired standing up , within seconds he too was fast asleep like his comrade . 
 shadow kept an eye on his watch to ensure that the cold had not affected the timeframe for the blue sedative to take affect . 
 now satisfied with the result , he decided to move forward towards the other two sentry points . 
 back at a nato airport base in northern italy , agent 2c sat alone in a guarded hanger checking his delivered package . 
 the package included his high altitude parachuting equipment , with the new oxygen breathing pack that allowed a higher jump than currently possible . 
 it also comprised of a rocket fitted body vest and fireproof suit , an extraction parachute , a map of the target area , and a 9mm automatic machine gun with the new extended bullet magazines . 
 agent 2c had been rated as the second best agent for almost 5 years and would remain in second place until agent ` shadow ' died or retired . 
 what infuriated agent 2c was that shadow was simply a legendary story , which was leaked by the british government in order to create fear among the enemies of the mi6 agents . 
 agent 2c 's belief that no such agent ever existed was supported by three facts : firstly no mission report had ever been published by an agent codenamed ` shadow ' ; secondly , all agents were given a seniority and experience ranking designated by a number and letter ; and lastly , the fact that medical records showed that the oldest agent was currently 36 years old and subsequently could not have been around when ` shadow ' first came to be known to the criminal world . 
 shadow , had finally neutralised all outer perimeter sentries on the northern side of the fortress and was now moving towards the target . 
 he took advantage of a noticeable track used by the sentries and local animals , and followed it to within visual distance of the target . 
 he was aware that the fortress and tracks leading to it had most likely been fitted with movement and heat sensors . 
 as shadow descended the mountain , he finally spotted the hideout he had selected by satellite and began moving towards it . 
 once there he commenced digging a hole where he would lie low until agent 2c arrived in 8 hours . 
 shadow pondered the only reward that he had ever requested from the director of mi6 - at the end of this mission shadow would finally be eliminated . 
 agent 2c was fully equipped for the mission and boarded the bombardier global express private jet specifically provisioned for high altitude jumps . 
 he sat very still , absorbed in his plans . 
 2c had never failed and felt confident . 
 a sudden chill flowed through his body , but he quickly suppressed it . 
 the crew of the plane consisted of two pilots who , as always , had been ordered to remain in the pilot cabin until the jump had occurred . 
 in fact , to protect the identity of the agents , the pilots cabin door was equipped with an electric lock , which released only once the plane had reached a certain altitude and the parachuting hatch had been opened and then closed again . 
 agent 2c considered this unnecessary , as mi6 always made sure that no pilot ever flew the same secret agent more than once a year . 
 they were always told that the jump was part of an sas mission , and that during the mission their onboard cabin camera would be continuously monitored by an agent back in london . 
 shadow was quite pleased with his hideout . 
 it was half way down a small hill , and deep enough to allow him to stretch and to take a comfortable supported firing position if needed . 
 the best aspect of the hideout was that it could be completely setup in just a few minutes . 
 the tent was specifically designed to melt the snow on one side as it self-expanded , whilst providing a shield from thermal scopes on the other side . 
 this tent , called tentothermic , was certainly a long way from the days when shadow was in the special air service -lrb- sas -rrb- and was required to use a portable mini spade to dig his burrows . 
 recruitment and training of british spies has changed very little over time . 
 recruitment scouts are sent out to military and police units in order to assess reported top performers . 
 these top performers are readily identified as mi6 have access to the career reports and personal files from both agencies . 
 potential candidates would have demonstrated the necessary courage to be a spy . 
 medical and psychological records , family histories , and political nuances are thoroughly scrutinised . 
 once short-listed , candidates are directly assessed in one of two ways . 
 military candidates are kidnapped and subjected to specifically designed interrogations . 
 this is a sas tactic carried out on troops to get them ready for the worst , the mi6 candidates simply treat this as an expected `` out of the ordinary '' event . 
 the only discussion raised by those who do not progress to the next level , is that they were shocked to find out how violent and painful the interrogation was . 
 police candidates are treated differently . 
 they are approached and informed that they were identified as suitable candidates to assist on a united nations ' high-risk mission . 
 if they accept the mission they are quickly transported to a trouble zone , often africa , to assist a policing mission . 
 these candidates are kidnapped , and then subjected to the same interrogation as the military candidates . 
 those who failed to progress to the next level are released and sent home . 
 candidates who pass the interrogation test are then brought together and placed in a training environment . 
 they are given numerous missions in competition with one another . 
 during this phase they are ordered not to speak to each other or else they will be instantly failed . 
 they are also informed that they have been selected for `` fast promotion '' and their achievements would be rewarded with varying levels of recognition . 
 at this point , candidates are still not aware that they are part of the mi6 selection course . 
 once this phase is completed , those who do not pass are sent back either with promotions or prized postings around the world . 
 recruitment occurs annually and a maximum of 3 candidates are selected . 
 these candidates , upon accepting an offer to serve `` queen and country '' , are sent to a spy school . 
 here they are educated in various essential spy basics including : surveillance , weaponry , specialist equipment , and assassination . 
 assassination is always the last module covered in training . 
 each time a new area of expertise is taught , the candidates are then required to complete two ` live ' -lrb- non-training -rrb- missions using their newly acquired skills in order to move on to the next level . 
 if a candidate fails to complete either mission , the course for that candidate is terminated . 
 candidates who fail to move to the next level are relocated to work in an area that only requires their already proven skills . 
 although most candidates make it to the assassination training , only a very small percentage pass the two missions where they are confronted with the task of eliminating two targets . 
 with the exception of two spies , one being ` shadow ' , every spy since the end of world war 2 has gone through this program . 
 to date , agent 2c has been the highest rated graduate of the program . 
 as the aircraft approached the drop zone , the pilots alerted agent 2c via the use of an orange light . 
 agent 2c , already wearing his parachute , moved to the jumping hatch and awaited the green light . 
 three minutes later the parachute hatch closed as agent 2c reached terminal velocity . 
 within the visor of his helmet a display outlined his altitude , velocity , distance , and bearing from the target . 
 at 2000 metres in altitude he opened his parachute and veered his descent towards the fortress . 
 as he reached 1000 metres , several targets were identified and highlighted in his helmet display . 
 agent 2c unstrapped a pistol from his leg and instantly prioritised his targets . 
 within minutes his pistol , fitted with a silencer , commenced firing rounds in several directions , hitting each target twice before moving onto the next . 
 agent 2c then landed at the northern side of the fortress and quickly made his way to the closest door . 
 once inside he headed towards the target 's bedroom , where his thermal device showed that there was a person currently asleep . 
 all agent 2c knew about the target was that he had been on the most wanted list in 12 countries for the past 8 years . 
 the target for this mission was a person whose name had never been determined , nor had any photo or description ever been acquired . 
 in the last 8 years he had built a large empire , funded by gunrunning , stealing and selling top secret information stolen from various nato governments . 
 he had also killed several underground criminals in order to expand his empire into their territory . 
 the only information available to agent 2c about tonight 's mission , was that the target had been in this fortress for the past five weeks and every night he retired to his bedroom at exactly 8pm . 
 the agent paused in front of the bedroom door and took a deep breath . 
 a second later he opened the door and rushed into the room with his pistol already loaded and ready to eliminate the target . 
 shadow , using a high scope rifle equipped with thermal imagery , had been following agent 2c since he deployed his parachute . 
 and now , seeing the heat radiated by his body , visible through the house walls , shadow assessed 2c 's approach for the kill . 
 agent 2c had entered the bedroom and moved within metres of the bed where he had paused and for some reason had failed to fire his weapon . 
 agent 2c was astonished by the target laying on the bed . 
 it was a beautiful woman in her mid 30s who did not seem startled by the unexpected entry . 
 agent 2c was suddenly unsure if the intelligence provided was wrong , or if the targeted criminal had already left the building . 
 he then considered searching the rest of the house for the target . 
 satellite surveillance had confirmed a few minutes before that no one had left the fortress in the last 5 weeks . 
 although agent 2c had no dilemma in eliminating criminals , or anyone else for that matter , he had never killed a woman , and was certainly not going to kill one as beautiful as the one staring back at him . 
 agent 2c , although excited by the fact that he was about to accomplish another mission , could not help himself pausing and admiring the woman on the bed . 
 whilst contemplating how unfair it was that criminals always get all the best women , he removed his tranquilliser pistol and proceeded to raise the barrel in order to sedate the vision in front of him . 
 agent 2c never got to level the weapon 's barrel as the lady preceded him by firing two bullets into his heart . 
 and with the explosion of the second bullet , agent 2c 's no2 position in mi6 became available . 
 shadow , still unaware that the other person in the room was a woman , was surprised to see agent 2c failing his mission . 
 most of all , he was mystified as to the reason why agent 2c had decided to change weapons . 
 suddenly shadow realised that he must abandon his primary role of evaluator , and instead eliminate the target himself . 
 the woman in the room was pleased that once again a man had hesitated to kill her . 
 she checked the pulse of the body and , satisfied that he was no longer a threat , she commenced clearing the other rooms in the house to ensure that no other assassins were present . 
 once the house was cleared , she moved to the door leading into the courtyard where she noticed the used parachute and her dead guard . 
 her men were now running towards the fortress from their respective sentry points at the sound of the gunshots . 
 the last thought on her mind was that tonight was another lucky night where she had outsmarted her adversaries . 
 shadow gently squeezed the trigger of his rifle and fired a poisoned needle that found its target . 
 the mission was now complete and he could return home for his reward . 
 usually , shadow would hide until the next night as reinforcements might arrive shortly to look for other assassins , however , tonight he decided that he would use the hours left of darkness and quickly disappear . 
 once back at his skis , he commenced traversing the mountain and making his way to the getaway vehicle which was located 4 hours away from his current position . 
 he was excited that he could finally call it quits . 
 in london the director of mi6 , ` beta ' , received an encrypted message stating - `` target eliminated . 
 position 2c now available . '' 
 for several minutes ` beta ' stared at the message , wondering if the drastic measures currently planned would lead to the end of his career . 
 he then proceeded to make three calls -- two , to his counterparts in the us and germany , and one to another agent currently waiting for the `` go ahead '' to eliminate a british agent gone rogue . 
 once the order to eliminate ` shadow ' had been issued , ` beta ' headed to speak to the minister of defence about a newly approved mission codenamed `` peterno '' . 
 chapter 1 -- destiny 's door knock a slither of sun broke through the curtains and forged its way through a million dust particles before landing on soft skin . 
 although the warmth was only slight , simon eady was fully aware of it and decided he was not getting out of bed . 
 of course , this was what simon decided most mornings . 
 suddenly he became aware of the presence of someone else in the room . 
 before he had the chance to react , the intruder swiftly moved across towards the source of light , and with one well-rehearsed motion , opened the curtains allowing a wall of light to whiteout the whole bedroom . 
 `` muuum !!!!! 5 more minutes '' `` simon , how many times do i have to tell you : when you ... '' `` ... turn 18 , you can do what ever you like '' echoed simon . 
 simon got out of bed and changed out of his pyjamas and into a pair of bathers , shorts , t-shirt , socks and runners . 
 he opened the window and plunged towards a nearby tree . 
 on his fall he caught a branch and carried out a full rotation around it with the ability of a `` high bar '' gymnast . 
 upon completing the 360 degree rotation he released the branch , carried out a backward summersault , finishing with a paratrooper roll across the ground . 
 he then continued with the momentum and sprinted off down a busy street . 
 simon 's run had now become a routine that he carried out every morning prior to breakfast . 
 as a 16 year old , simon enjoyed being considerably taller than most other boys of his age . 
 however , since moving to malaysia two years ago , his height had become awkward . 
 to add to this standout feature , simon was the only fair skinned , blue-eyed , blonde teenager who was not a tourist . 
 these characteristics often made simon the target of school bullies and local gangs . 
 simon had been unable to make friends so he dedicated all of his time to either studying or concentrating on a fitness regime that he had set for himself . 
 over the past 5 years , despite moving through 3 schools in just as many countries , simon had become a fit athlete who was unbeaten in all of his sporting pursuits . 
 he was the fastest teenager at school , remained undefeated in all swimming events , was the pride of the current gymnastics coach , had earned a reputation as a fierce fighter in his jujitsu sparring sessions , and he wore the coveted number 9 for his local football team . 
 academically , simon was at the top of his class in most subjects including malay . 
 in fact , despite the subtle foreign accent and often misquoting local colloquialisms , his language teachers continued to be astonished at how quickly simon had learned to correctly speak malay and cantonese . 
 simon had loved foreign languages from the first day he was introduced to italian at a primary school in australia . 
 simon was satisfied that he had finally broken the 32 minutes for his 10km run . 
 each morning he would time himself , now he wondered what his next time-goal would be . 
 he was also pleased that this morning , unlike most mornings , he was not targeted by a local group of boys always armed with slingshots and shouting taunts at him . 
 once he reached the beach , he proceeded to remove most of his clothes and dove directly into the strait of malacca . 
 this was simon 's favourite part of the day . 
 he felt exhilarated . 
 the enjoyment did not simply come from the swimming , and it certainly did not come from the solitude , but from the fact that this was the time of the day that he felt closest to his dad . 
 simon 's dad died 10 years earlier in a boating accident near the antarctic coastline . 
 he was a foreman for a shipping company and was often required to travel around the world at short notice . 
 simon 's mum had regularly shown him postcards that his dad had sent from exotic locations around the world . 
 the post cards were well worn from all of the evenings that simon had stayed awake reading them . 
 in many of them his father mentioned the swims he had taken in the morning in a nearby river or beach . 
 the only vivid memory simon had of his dad was playing together in the water at the beach . 
 although , some of the details had been lost over the years , he remembered laughing whilst holding onto his dad 's back and swimming together in the deep water . 
 he remembered both of them laughing aloud and every few minutes having to hold his breath , as his dad would dive under the water . 
 he remembered those moments as the happiest he had ever been . 
 he also remembered them as the most dramatic moments in his life . 
 once whilst holding onto his dad and swimming together underwater they were brushed by a large shark . 
 simon saw the massive mouth full of razor sharp teeth barely miss him , and instantly let out a scream , releasing what air he had left in his lungs . 
 shocked by the shark and panicked by the lack of air , he had released his dad and paddled as fast as he could to the surface . 
 the second that his mouth broke the surface , he immediately took a massive breath expanding his lungs to their maximum capacity and then exhaled with an ear-piercing scream of fear . 
 as he was still not able to swim alone , he began splashing furiously , trying to keep himself from going under water . 
 his fear of the shark was suddenly replaced by the fear of drowning . 
 then , just as his efforts to keep his head above the water began to pay off , the fin of the shark appeared only a few meters in front of him . 
 it was then , that simon heard the only words that he vividly remembered from his father . 
 `` simon , never show fear to a predator as it will give it the confidence to attack . '' 
 `` but dad , i 'm scared that the shark will get me ! '' 
 `` son , i 'm scared of it too . 
 but it does n't know that until we give ourselves away . 
 grab on to my back , keep very quite , and lets keep facing the shark . '' 
 simon remembered how the shark circled them for a few minutes , how he felt reassured by his dad 's strong body and softly spoken words . 
 his dad 's presence made the world feel a safer place . 
 the shark eventually swam away and simon and his father slowly and quietly made their way back to the beach . 
 when they finally reached the beach where his mother was awaiting on a picnic rug , he remembered being very excited by the event , but being unable to clearly explain what had just occurred . 
 years later , when he retold the story to his mum , she looked shocked . 
 she explained that although she remembered that day , she had felt that both he and his dad 's eyes had showed exhilaration and not fear . 
 she simply thought that simon had a vivid imagination and that they had seen a dolphin or a large fish . 
 furthermore , his dad did not say anything about the shark . 
 simon now believed that his dad had simply not wanted to worry his mum . 
 as simon reached the halfway point of the swim , his legs began to burn which required him to change his kick-to-arm stroke ratio . 
 he started to feel sad , as he was now aware that his time spent reminiscing was coming to an end for the day . 
 as time went by , simon 's childhood memories were becoming less lucid and more infrequent . 
 fearful that over time he would forget his dad , he regularly used this part of the day to recall as many memories as he could think off . 
 recently he also started wondering if he should write them down in a diary . 
 the swim back this morning took longer than most days as he had decided to take advantage of the time gained in the run , by taking more time in the water where he felt close to his dad . 
 once he reached the beach , still daydreaming , he suddenly became aware that a group of teenagers were standing next to his clothes , which he had left behind on the beach . 
 simon was in no mood for fighting , so gave a friendly wave as he walked towards them . 
 as he reached his clothes , he politely said good morning in malay . 
 `` light boy ... '' , a nickname given to him by local gangs , `` ... we both know this not social meet lah . '' 
 smirked a malay boy of simon 's age wearing a pair of old shorts and a faded t-shirt . 
 he was smaller than simon but the tallest of the group that stood around sneering . 
 simon , in an attempt to look calm despite feeling his heart pounding through his chest , shrugged and started to get dressed . 
 he hoped that if he ignored them they would just walk away . 
 a quick unexpected thought crossed his mind about the frequency in malay the word `` lah '' was used to finish a sentence . 
 `` you think you going anywhere lah ! '' 
 sarcastically smiled the same teenager , who appeared to be the leader . 
 `` i was banking on going back for breakfast . 
 you are welcome to join me ! '' 
 simon smiled back , in an attempt to hide his fear , whilst measuring up the 6 boys who were shuffling their bare feet in the sand and moving slowly to encircle him . 
 `` you wan na go home lighty ? 
 i think that might have to wait lah . '' 
 grinned the same boy , quickly glancing at the boy to simon 's left . 
 `` before you guys beat me up , i 'd like to know what 's this about ? 
 asked simon , which not expecting an answer , continued , `` anyway , how is it a dumb guy like you got to lead this pack of idiots ? '' 
 the attempted insult , as predicted , resulted with the boy that had spoken casting another quick glance to simon 's left . 
 simon had now identified whom he thought was the true leader instantly back-heeled into the crotch the boy to his left . 
 the boy instinctively reacted by leaning forward bringing his hands to his crotch in an attempt to protect himself . 
 simon anticipating the move swung with an uppercut motion his right fist . 
 this action suddenly brought the boy 's nose into contact with simon 's swinging fist . 
 within a split second the leader found himself kneeling on the sand nursing his bleeding nose . 
 the remainder of the boys shocked by simon 's excessive response felt stunned and instinctively retreated a few steps shuffling backwards in the warm sand . 
 before they could regain their composure simon jumped on the leader , using him as a springboard for his escape . 
 the unexpected spontaneous show of aggressiveness and the quick take off , gave simon a clean getaway . 
 simon ran fast , he knew he could outrun his pursuers but expected to hear them behind him . 
 but after 50 meters he sensed he had not been followed so turned his head quickly to see what had happened . 
 what he saw made him come to a sudden halt . 
 the group of boys stood in the same spot he had left them , they seemed paralysed . 
 he then noticed a man of european appearance slowly walking towards them . 
 curious by what he was seeing , he decided to hide behind part of an old jetty and watch . 
 the man was wearing a black suit and looked like he had just walked out of a versace catalogue . 
 he was at least 6 feet tall , had bright blonde hair , and a physique like that of a boxer . 
 his movements were controlled and supple . 
 to simon he looked like a large black and gold cat slowly coming towards his prey . 
 the man kept walking ignoring all other members of the gang , his gaze fixed on the boy still sulking on the sand . 
 when he reached his target he bent down and with one hand grabbed the boy 's shirt and effortlessly lifted him until theirs eyes were levelled . 
 the boy looked mesmerized , helplessly dangling above the ground . 
 it seemed that the european was not very happy and was ready to inflict more pain on the local boy . 
 still holding the boy elevated , the man said something that made the rest of the group flee . 
 the distraught boy was noticeably terrified . 
 the european then used his spare hand and reached inside of his jacket holster . 
 the shape of the object withdrawn from the suit jacket was unmistakeable - it was a pistol equipped with a silencer . 
 simon who a few minutes earlier had been angry , now impulsively wanted to run back and somehow assist the helpless boy . 
 time was quickly ticking by . 
 simon knew that the boy had only moments to live . 
 but how could he help ? 
 he looked around to see if anyone else was witnessing the murder . 
 he scanned the beach , but there was not a person in sight , even the rest of the gang had disappeared . 
 feeling helpless he stared down at his feet . 
 it was then that an idea suddenly sprang to mind . 
 meanwhile the european , satisfied that there was nobody else on the beach , switched the pistol from ` safe ' to ` fire ' and raised it to the boy 's head . 
 just as he was about to pull the trigger , he noticed over his victim 's shoulder something that instantly made him place the pistol back into its holster . 
 simon was aware that his action would distract the european and it would place him in danger of becoming the next target . 
 he felt the adrenaline pumping through him giving him courage to stand clearly in the open , holding a brick in front of his right eye . 
 the man was suddenly infuriated . 
 a boy equipped with what looked like a hand camera was filming . 
 having little choice he placed the boy down on the sand and sat next to him facing the beach . 
 he did not want footage of the assassination ending up on the internet , as it would certainly end his career . 
 `` you are in luck my young friend . '' 
 the man gritted between his teeth with a subtle baltic accent . 
 the local boy , still feeling in shock sat trembling , too scared to move , his breathing still irregular . 
 he could feel his heart beating against his chest . 
 he had not noticed simon and was waiting for the man to pull out his gun again and shoot him . 
 he jumped as a coarse whisper broke his concentration . 
 `` young man , next time i will not be so forgiving ! '' 
 simon , satisfied that his plan seemed to be working , decided to continue with the act and pretend to be filming back and forth along the beach . 
 `` i 'll be going now . 
 i would appreciate it if you remain seated here for the next few minutes . 
 if you tell anyone of this , i will come back for you ! '' 
 and with that the european stood up and simply walked back to his rental car . 
 the distraught boy put his head between his knees and started sobbing too afraid to look up . 
 simon , feeling pleased with the outcome of his bravado , decided not to hang around in case the european wanted to drive by and retrieve the `` video camera '' . 
 what simon never realised was that the european had not witnessed the fight that had occurred earlier on the beach . 
 simon ran back home . 
 the incident on the beach had lasted longer than his usual swim and he was worried that his mother would be concerned . 
 after a hot shower he came down to join his mother for breakfast . 
 his mother had also just returned from her morning training session at the local pistol range , so had not noticed his tardiness . 
 simon sat quietly watching his mother in one of her regular sad daydreams . 
 he often wondered why his mother looked so sad . 
 he decided not to mention anything about the morning 's incident . 
 after breakfast , still feeling the need to feel close to his dad , he decided to go back to the studio and once again look at his dad 's worn postcards . 
 as he sat down on an old brown leather couch , he looked up at the yellowed photos of his dad displayed on the mantelpiece . 
 only four photos existed of his dad , the rest of them were lost in a house fire shortly after he passed away . 
 simon 's father died in a tragic accident where a freak wave caught him by surprise and threw him overboard . 
 as this happened in the middle of the night , his body was not found until the next day . 
 there was a photo of his mother and father on their wedding day , one of his father holding him minutes after he was born , and the third photo was taken of the three of them at a picnic ground in australia , just a few days before his father went on his final voyage . 
 the last photo was taken at his father 's funeral . 
 simon never liked the last photo , and on several occasions had asked his mother to put it away . 
 every time he complained about that photo , his mother replied that one day he would understand . 
 the photo showed a coffin and several people standing around a seated woman holding the hand of her son . 
 the woman , simon 's mother , was wearing a black dress , black gloves , a black hat , and a black veil , which completely covered her eyes . 
 behind her , stood several strangers all wearing dark clothing and looking more like witnesses than friends . 
 he had never met any of these strangers , and never cared to learn who they were . 
 he always felt a deep sorrow every time he saw himself as a frightened six -- year-old boy . 
 `` simon , you 'd better get going or you 'll be late for school ! '' 
 `` thanks mum !!! '' 
 called out simon , snapping out of his reminiscence . 
 the roads in malaysia were challenging and often chaotic . 
 motorcycles and cars fought each other to get to their destination , and the hot humid days only added to the frustration of drivers . 
 as simon arrived at the school entrance he noticed a familiar face waiting for him at the bike stand . 
 the boy standing there was smiling timidly at him and not displaying any of the aggressive behaviour he had earlier on the beach . 
 simon smiled back , cautiously ; he was still worried the same gang could attack him again . 
 trying to ignore the boy waiting for him , he continued to the bike rack and proceeded to padlock his bicycle . 
 `` you no have worry about me lah , '' stated the boy `` as i recall , what ever your name is , it 's not me that should be afraid '' replied simon in perfect malay whilst looking around for the rest of the gang . 
 `` simon , my is name nhat and i am here simply to thank you for saving my life '' looking embarrassed by the admission . 
 `` so nhat , how do you know my name ? '' 
 simon continued in malay . 
 `` it was given to me by a foreigner who wanted me to kidnap you '' stated the boy now also speaking in malay the thought that someone wanted to kidnap him , suddenly made simon feel like jumping back on his bicycle and riding to his mother 's workplace . 
 `` simon , never show fear to a predator as it will give it the confidence to attack . '' 
 simon could hear his father 's voice . 
 `` so nhat , are you here to try a different approach ? '' 
 `` no , i am here because i am in debt to you and wanted to repay you for this morning '' whispered nhat whilst looking down at his left toe protruding from the old pair of leather shoes passed from his older brother . 
 `` how ? '' 
 queried simon . 
 `` the man that paid me is currently staying at the park royal in penang , he had told me that my friends and i would be paid $ 1,000 us dollars , if we brought you to a warehouse near the beach . 
 we were to make sure that you were beaten up a little , so that you would n't try to escape when we handed you over to him , '' explained nhat unemotionally as if reading a newspaper article . 
 `` so , since you 've failed your first attempt , what happens now ? '' 
 `` the stranger told me this morning that he does n't tolerate failures , and he ordered my friends to leave and planned to kill me . 
 if it were n't for you i would be dead lah . 
 my friends told me what you did . 
 before the stranger left , he told me that if i , or any of my friends spoke of the kidnapping to anyone , he would not be so merciful next time . '' 
 `` nhat , is the stranger still at the hotel ? '' 
 `` yes '' `` do you know why he wanted to kidnap me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we initially thought you were simply a rich kid that would be worth a lot of money to your family . 
 but after i left the beach , i went to search for you and enquired about you . 
 it did n't take long as we do n't have too many blonde teenagers living around here , '' replied nhat with a slight hint of a smile `` and what did you find out ? '' 
 `` that you live with your mother lah . 
 your mother works at a local shop and barely makes enough money to get by . 
 you are very good at sport and compete in the local football team as the striker . 
 your teachers also admire you because of your ability to learn languages . 
 you do n't have any friends and at school keep to yourself . '' 
 `` so , again , nhat why are you here ? '' 
 `` because i wanted revenge on the stranger , but do n't want to go anywhere near him . 
 and , i wanted to thank you for saving my life . 
 i simply thought i could achieve both by giving away the stranger 's plan . '' 
 simon felt a shiver down his back as he realised that someone could be watching . 
 `` nhat , you 'd better leave as it 's not safe to be around me lah . '' 
 `` simon , ... when i was trying to find out where you lived , i saw the foreigner sitting in a car across the street from your house . 
 he knows where you live . '' 
 as soon as nhat revealed that last bit of information , he proceeded to walk away . 
 nhat walked to the corner of the school building and then disappeared . 
 simon , cautious not to do anything erratic which would show fear to the stranger that may have been watching , slowly picked up his school bag and calmly walked amongst other students into the school even though struggling not to throw up . 
 during the day , unable to shake images of a violent struggle between himself and the kidnapper , he took every opportunity to look out the window hoping of not seeing the stranger waiting for him . 
 with only 30 minutes left in the school day , simon could no longer maintain his composure and decided to fake feeling unwell but instead of visiting the school nurse , he walked towards one of the school exits . 
 he could collect his bicycle tomorrow . 
 whilst walking down the empty school corridor , he decided to take a quick detour and drop his books off at his locker . 
 students ' lockers were all located in the main corridor where they completely covered one of the walls . 
 all the lockers were painted in grey and were the height of most malaysian children . 
 simon , who was the tallest boy at the school , had to bend over so that he could see the top shelf . 
 he did not keep much in his locker , as he owned very little . 
 his textbooks were always borrowed from the school library . 
 his pencil case content comprised solely of : a pencil , a small metal ruler , a sharpener and an eraser . 
 in fact , the only other school items stored in his locker were two writing books used for the various subjects . 
 `` possessions were like ships anchors ! '' 
 would say his mother - they made it difficult to pick up and leave . 
 simon had spent most of his life moving every 6 months . 
 in the locker , at his mum 's request , simon always kept one of his passports , usually that of the nation they were currently living in , and five hundred american dollars . 
 his mother explained that it was to be used only in the event of an emergency . 
 for many years simon asked what an ` emergency ' might be , but his mother always gave a vague reply . 
 although simon no longer asked , over time he came to believe that his mum had a shady past that forced her to always be on the run . 
 he always thought that one day his mother would confide in him that she simply ran away from home from her family and did not want to be found . 
 for now , he was only worried about her safety and hoped that if the time came that her past caught up to them , what ever it is , he would be able to protect her . 
 although they lived a simple life , it was obvious to simon that his mother had access to money as they had multiple false passports and hidden money in various currencies . 
 as simon entered his combination locker numbers , he noticed two men in suits entering the corridor . 
 he instantly recognised them as the school principal and a local police inspector . 
 simon 's mother , who was able to speak fluently in 6 languages , often got extra work translating foreign correspondence . 
 simon , visiting his mother during some of her translating assignments , had met the inspector , and found him to be amicable and interesting . 
 simon decided to leave his schoolbooks and writing items in his locker . 
 he wondered if the recent kidnapping attempt would be considered an emergency . 
 he decided to simply close the locker and , as originally planned , leave the school before the `` end of the day '' bell rang . 
 as he turned towards the rear exit , the principal called out to him in malay . 
 `` simon could i please have a moment ? '' 
 `` hello simon '' added inspector lau in a heavy accented english . 
 the inspector , like many locals , was a short and thin man . 
 although his calm demeanour and continuous smile made him look simple , his eyes revealed a confident and intelligent man . 
 `` hi inspector . 
 sure mr. chin , how can i help ? '' 
 replied simon in malay with a friendly smile . 
 `` simon , inspector lau is here to ask you to go back with him to the police station lah . 
 he simply needs a favour , '' continued the principal , somewhat unable to hide a concerning look . 
 `` sure , as long as i 'm not in trouble !! '' 
 joked simon with a sheepish smile . 
 `` no trouble simon ! 
 if all kids around here were as well mannered as you , i would have little to occupy my days ! '' 
 replied the inspector with a wink taking the opportunity to switch back to malay . 
 without further words , the inspector directed simon to the police car . 
 simon was aware that the inspector had something serious on his mind . 
 as simon got into the police car , he said goodbye to the principal . 
 he then began to speculate as to the reason why the inspector had picked him up from school . 
 the first two thoughts were that someone may have reported the fight on the beach , or that the police were aware of the kidnapping attempt . 
 instead of continuing to guess , he decided to sit back , close his eyes and focus on the other issue at hand - how to tell his mum that someone had attempted to kidnap him . 
 the drive took only a few minutes . 
 to his surprise , when the car stopped he was not at the police station , but at the local hospital . 
 simon 's instant fear that something had happened to his mum was immediately confirmed in the inspector 's eyes . 
 `` simon , this morning your mother came to do some work for us and shortly after arriving she fainted . 
 although she regained her senses a few minutes later , we thought that she should come and have some tests just to be safe . 
 your mother is ok . 
 in fact she initially joked about the event and continued on with her work . 
 it was only when i threatened to handcuff her , when she agreed to go to the hospital . 
 now , your mother does not know that i came to get you , in fact she made me promise that i would never tell you about her fainting episode . '' 
 the inspector and simon sat silently in the car staring at the traffic on the road . 
 `` inspector , if mum was truly ok , you would n't have come to the school to get me . '' 
 `` simon , i am not a doctor and , to be honest , i am unsure that i should say anything as it might unnecessarily alarm you , but , did your mother say anything about not feeling well lately ? '' 
 asked the inspector . 
 `` no ! 
 in the last 5 years , she has n't even had a cold . 
 why ? '' 
 replied simon still in malay , as he did not want the inspector to switch back to english and possibly lose some of the details in the translation . 
 `` simon , before my wife died , she too had similar fainting spells and when your mother regained her senses she admitted that lately she has had headaches and drowsiness . 
 she also seemed to not remember a conversation that we had had a few minutes before she fainted . 
 as nobody initially saw her faint , i am worried that it might have been a fit . 
 my wife experienced the same symptoms lah '' , the inspector said sadly . 
 `` thank you inspector , i will do my best not to cause more worry for her '' simon said as he opened the door and without further words , got out of the car . 
 as he was walking away , the inspector called out to him `` simon , i am here if you need me ! '' 
 simon raised his hand and waved without turning back to face the inspector . 
 inside the hospital , nurses and doctors were busily going about their daily routine . 
 patients were resigned to wait to be attended to by the reception staff . 
 simon , not wanting to queue with the rest of the patients and visitors , decided to walk around the hospital until he found to one of the wards where he could ask for directions . 
 as he walked around the corner down the main corridor , he quickly took a glance towards the entrance to see if the inspector was still in his car . 
 to his shock , instead of seeing a police car , he saw a taxi pulling over with the foreigner in the back seat . 
 simon instantly broke into a run towards one of the wards that he could see at the end of the corridor . 
 once there , he found a nurse who happily informed him that her station computer showed that his mother was located upstairs in wing 2e . 
 simon , unable to wait any longer , raced down the length of the corridor in the opposite direction to the main entrance and entered an empty elevator . 
 once on the second floor , he then sprinted towards his mum 's bedroom . 
 once at the room door , he felt unable to open it as he knew his world was about to collapse . 
 after a minute , simon managed to regain some composure and entered into the hospital room . 
 `` simon ? '' 
 his mother called out surprised to see him there . 
 `` hi mum ! '' 
 replied simon struggling to sound normal . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 should n't you be at school !!? '' `` mum , if you 'd a good excuse to leave early and miss out on getting homework , would n't you take it ? '' 
 replied simon with a big smile in an attempt to hide the fear that was building inside of him . 
 `` how did you know ? 
 let me guess , inspector lau ! '' 
 stated candice before simon could open his mouth . 
 candice was a tall medium built lady with blonde hair always tied in a ponytail . 
 although she owned a few dresses , she generally opted to wear loose hemp pants and t-shirts instead . 
 `` i could kill him ! '' 
 she added looking out the window at the far side of the hospital room . 
 `` mum , he looked really worried . 
 in fact , he seems to care about you more than just a friend . '' 
 `` what are you insinuating young man ? '' 
 `` nothing mum . 
 he just ... . '' 
 but simon decided not to continue . 
 `` simon , i only have two loves in my life . 
 i lost one at sea and the other one stands in front of me . 
 i do not wish to have any others . 
 ever ! '' 
 `` mum , it 's ok . 
 i ` d be happy if you found someone else . 
 i know that you and the inspector have a lot in common , and that it 's probably the reason why you spend so much time at the pistol range with him . '' 
 `` simon , you have a vivid imagination . 
 the inspector and i are really good friends and nothing else . 
 simon , i know that you want nothing more than to finally settle down somewhere and have a ` normal ' life '' . 
 `` mum , what 's wrong ? '' 
 interrupted simon . 
 `` simon , come and sit next to me . '' 
 once simon sat next to his mother on her bed , candice placed one of her hands on his . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` there is no easy way to say this , but i have been told that i have a brain tumour . '' 
 `` a brain tumour ? '' 
 repeated simon hoping that he misunderstood . 
 `` yes . 
 the doctors think that i have 3-6 months to live '' candice lied as she had only been given 1 month . 
 `` what !? '' 
 screamed simon , feeling the room suddenly spinning at a rapid rate . 
 `` simon . 
 i know this is bad , but i need you to keep calm as i need your help . '' 
 `` keep calm ? 
 mum !! 
 i have nobody left in this world except you ! 
 how can i keep calm ? '' 
 called out simon unknowingly wiping away his tears using the back of his hand . 
 `` simon , you are not alone ! '' 
 whispered his mother , looking anxiously into simon 's eyes . 
 `` mum , what are n't you telling me ? '' 
 `` simon , what i am about to tell you is something that has been kept from you for your own safety . 
 it is the real reason why we continually move from one continent to another . '' 
 simon , prompted by the `` safety '' word , suddenly remembered the attempted kidnapping earlier that morning . 
 for what seemed an eternity he stared into his mother 's eyes and felt the confusion , anger , and pain build up inside of him . 
 he sat there on his mother 's bed unable to do or say anything . 
 outside the room , staff were moving around , talking to one another , and directing visitors to their family or friends . 
 at the end of the corridor a tall slim european stood staring at the bedroom door . 
 simon sat numb with grief eating away within him like a cancer . 
 the european , known as agent 3a and in other circles as whisper , contemplated what his next move would be . 
 just as he was analysing his options , he noticed a doctor exit an office . 
 whisper stood up and calmly walked into the office where he was pleased to find a computer . 
 to his surprise the computer had no password protection and patients ' medical records were easily accessible : it only took him 2 minutes to learn that the boy 's mother had most likely less than a month to live . 
 early that morning he also found out that arrangements had recently been made by candice to move out of her rental property within two weeks : he wondered why a patient with terminal tumour would plan to move home . 
 whisper initially assumed that they had become aware of his presence and were going on the run again . 
 but this reasoning made no sense , as only 6 people in the world knew of his existence and only 2 of them knew of his current location and his mission . 
 whisper felt uneasy as in other missions he always had ample background information . 
 however , in this case , he had only been presented with a basic report that stated that this family was linked to someone in the underworld . 
 he was also told that candice and simon might be located somewhere in malaysia . 
 five weeks of following leads had eventually brought him to butterworth , where he found the targeted family . 
 recently , whisper also realised that , years earlier whilst on a surveillance mission which required him to attend a funeral , he had already crossed paths with them . 
 although he did not recollect whose funeral it was , he remembers seeing candice and her child arriving in a black limousine . 
 whisper believed that what had kept him alive all of these years , was the fact that there were no such things as coincidences . 
 the idea that a mission carried out many years before was related to these two people was not a ` coincidence ' . 
 `` simon , please say something ! '' 
 as simon opened his mouth to speak , he heard the door opened a few centimetres . 
 simon felt his skin crawl and a chill travel through his body . 
 was he becoming paranoid ? 
 the man he saw this morning was obviously a professional and , if he attempted another kidnapping , he would wait for a better , safer opportunity . 
 simon 's thoughts then fell on the word ` kidnapping ' . 
 he started to realise that the origin of the word most probably came about from a ` kid ' having been ` napped ' somewhere in history . 
 he just never thought that one day he would be such a kid . 
 the thought , for some reason , seemed humorous . 
 not only was he becoming paranoid but was also losing all sense of reality -- how could he see anything amusing and be in so much fear and pain . 
 a young nurse of indian origin entered to check on candice . 
 she placed a thermometer in candice 's mouth , and then made a note on the medical chart clipped at the end of the bed . 
 `` excuse me madam , i just wanted to let you know that visiting hours finish in a few minutes '' stated the nurse . 
 `` it 's ok deepa , this is my son simon . '' 
 `` hi simon . 
 pleased to meet you ! ' 
 `` hi '' replied simon still thinking about the morning beach event . 
 `` madam , i was referring to the gentleman waiting outside . '' 
 `` what gentlemen ? '' 
 asked candice curiously . 
 `` there is a tall blonde man waiting at the end of the corridor who enquired in which room you were admitted to . 
 i assumed that he was a friend of yours . '' 
 `` thank you deepa , but i do not know any blonde man . 
 he might be looking for someone else . '' 
 `` mum must be a lawyer coming to see you about your will , as it seems that i have been kept in the dark about a few things , '' intervened simon in attempt to end the conversation about a person who he learned of earlier that morning . 
 `` well , that could be the case , as the gentleman is wearing a black suit that i have only seen in those american legal tv shows , '' stated the nurse apologetically . 
 `` great ! 
 i was only admitted today and already the vultures are hovering in the sky ! '' 
 stated candice attempting to turn simon 's act of rebellion into a humorous reply . 
 `` well madam , you have no fever and you seem to have some colour back in your face . 
 let me know if there is anything that i can do for you . 
 just simply press the buzzer , '' stated the nurse as she walked towards the door with thermometer in hand . 
 then , just as she started opening the door , she turned around and sadly looked at simon . 
 `` i am sorry that you are here . 
 i too was sitting in this room two years ago . 
 i will take good care of your mother and if there is anything i can do to help you , please feel free to ask . '' 
 then , before simon had the chance to reply , the nurse left . 
 candice lay quietly for a few minutes considering if the gentleman outside was a threat . 
 she had been so careful and the last thing she needed was to go on the run again at a time when she needed palliative care `` mum , why did n't you tell me about your illness ? 
 what did you mean when you said that i am not alone ? '' 
 simon asked as he fought back tears . 
 `` simon , what i am about to tell you is the only secret that i have ever kept from you . 
 although you are right in thinking that i have known for sometime that something was wrong with me , i have only come to learn of its seriousness 2 weeks ago . 
 i did n't initially go to a doctor as i was frightened of what i might find out . 
 it now seems that if i had seen a doctor a month ago , when i first became aware of my illness , it would have made no difference . '' 
 `` mum , i am not really angry about the secrets , it 's just that i do n't know how to deal with it . 
 i am scared of losing you and i am upset with myself that i am letting anger spoil what is quickly becoming our last moments together . '' 
 `` simon , you are as brave and kind as your dad is , '' candice found herself saying . 
 `` mum , do n't you mean to say as dad ` was ' ? '' 
 `` simon , this might come as a shock , but your dad is still alive . '' 
 simon suddenly felt the back of his hair stand up and his mouth instantly dry up as his mother 's words echoed in his mind . 
 `` what ? 
 but how ? 
 and why ? '' 
 asked simon shaken by the realisation that he just lost what little control he had of his life . 
 chapter 2 - caught by history candice was fortunate that the only other bed in her hospital room was vacant . 
 the room had recently undergone renovations , including new equipment and furniture . 
 although it was a public hospital , which usually meant sterile , stark white walls , brown vinyl chairs , metal bed frames and side cabinets , this room was pale green , spacious and elegantly furnished . 
 on the window 's sill sat a large bunch of multicoloured flowers that filled the room with a delicate scent . 
 to simon the room added to the surreal events that were unfolding in his life . 
 anyone looking at candice could not have imagined that she was seriously ill . 
 she was lying in bed undisturbed by the bustle outside her room . 
 the day had been tiring with numerous tests and x-rays . 
 candice had not had the time to fully come to terms with all the consequences of her illness . 
 candice 's mind wondered back to her past . 
 many years had passed since she first met kevin , but her memories were always so vivid that they kept her from feeling too lonely when he was out at sea , and especially during these past ten years - they would also need to sustain her now through her last ordeal . 
 at thirty-eight candice still looked very attractive with her soft brown eyes and dark blonde hair . 
 she was fairly tall , even though at thirteen simon was already taller than her . 
 but then simon had inherited his tall athletic build , blonde hair with blue eyes from his father . 
 every time candice looked at her son she was reminded of her husband . 
 they had met whilst candice was working in an import company . 
 the first time he entered the office she was mesmerised by those striking blue eyes . 
 that night was the first of many dates . 
 they had discovered they had many things in common . 
 candice did not have any family to speak of and had never thought of trying to find her parents . 
 she believed that if they did not want her as a baby , they would not want her now . 
 kevin had no family : when she had asked him , he replied that he had lost his family a long time ago , and would rather not talk about them - candice never spoke about the subject again . 
 one afternoon after work she had walked out of the office only to find him there , holding a large bunch of multicoloured tulips ; from that day on , tulips had become her favourite flowers . 
 that night kevin proposed . 
 they were married within a month ; and then she became pregnant with simon . 
 candice 's world was perfect . 
 simon sat quietly beside his mother 's bed and watched the different emotions cross her face . 
 she looked tired and simon did not want to disturb her thoughts . 
 he was still in shock over the discovery of his mother 's critical illness , and the news that his father was alive . 
 he was impatient to know more but , at the same time , he dreaded what he was about to discover . 
 so he silently awaited and braced for what was to come . 
 candice slowly became aware of her surroundings and looked at her beloved son , it was time to tell simon the truth . 
 she was n't sure of his reactions , but there was no more time . 
 candice tentatively began : `` when i married your father he told me he worked on a merchant ship . 
 he would be gone sometimes for months . 
 i always received lots of telephone calls , and postcards from the different places the ship visited . 
 i had my work , so i kept busy and never doubted him . '' 
 simon could see the strain on his mother , and wanted to tell her to stop , but knew that he had to know the truth about his family . 
 all the questions he had wanted to ask , could finally be answered . 
 after a lengthy pause candice explained that it was just after she became pregnant , that everything went terrible wrong and they had to leave their home . 
 simon sat transfixed and listened intently as his mother told him that his father was involved in a drug bust in germany , at the hamburg seaport . 
 drugs , money and documents were hidden in the frames of imported cars . 
 there was a lot of shooting and many men died , his father was fortunate to have survived . 
 it was during this raid that he discovered a photo of himself with `` informer '' written on it . 
 that night when he came home he told her that they had to leave , and would never return again . 
 she had felt angry and betrayed , because he had put them at risk . 
 `` i believed that nothing was worth putting us in danger . '' 
 candice stated . 
 simon could feel the sadness and fear his mother had felt at the time . 
 his parents left everything behind as they headed for india . 
 a month later they moved to vietnam , but his father felt that they had been compromised , so they fled to australia . 
 it was during the flight between sydney and melbourne that his father had first proposed faking his death . 
 `` melbourne was wonderful , '' said his mother . 
 his father worked as a kitchen hand at the flinder 's hospital , just around the corner from where they lived . 
 he even managed to return to night school and get a nursing degree . 
 she had wanted him to become a doctor , but he had explained that as a doctor people would notice him more , and increase the risk of being recognised . 
 simon could remember many things about his life during those years . 
 he wanted to ask his mother how they could afford to live in a lovely home , with only a kitchen hand 's wage . 
 although , they lived a moderate life style , money never seemed to be an issue . 
 simon remembered the fun he had in the park . 
 the picnic lunches , playing with his father hide and seek amongst the large trees . 
 `` your dad had always loved the sea and we would often go for long drives along the victorian coastline . 
 it was on one of these trips that we stopped at a popular beach called torquay and , whilst you two were swimming , you were confronted by a shark . '' 
 `` you knew about the shark !! '' 
 exclaimed simon . 
 candice only smiled and said , `` those were the happiest days of my life . 
 we thought that we could finally live a normal life . 
 no more running '' . 
 `` mum , what did dad do ? 
 who did he work for ? '' 
 asked simon impatiently . 
 `` to this day i do not fully understand what he did , or where he went . 
 when i asked him , he just said that it was better if i did n't know '' his mum replied sadly . 
 after a long pause candice continued : `` one night whilst working in the emergency ward , a critically wounded man had been brought in . 
 he had been stabbed during a brawl in a local pub '' . 
 it was whilst your father was checking the victim 's blood pressure that the man turned to him and asked if he was english . 
 your father denied it , as he had always taken care to disguise his accent , but the man grabbed his arm and looked intensely at him and said , `` there 's a large reward being offered for information leading to the whereabouts of you and your family . 
 a well-dressed englishman has an old wedding photo and is asking a lot of questions . 
 i do n't know why he 's looking for you , but i do n't think he 's the long lost friend he claims to be . 
 my friend if i were you , i ` d get my family and leave melbourne as soon as possible . 
 take it from someone that has been on the run for most of his life , do n't take any photos , as these will only help your enemies find you '' . 
 your dad had asked him why he was helping him and not claiming the reward . 
 the man just smiles wearily and said that he knew he was in a bad way and probably would not make it through the night . 
 he confessed he had done many terrible things in his life , and believed that if he did one good deed , it may help his cause . 
 the man had then smiled as if he was telling a joke . 
 that night your dad left without saying anything to anyone . 
 he was in a hurry to get home . 
 when he got home , he did n't need to speak as i had seen the same expression several times before . 
 although we had several years of living in peace , danger was always in the back of our minds , so we kept an emergency bag ready . 
 i guess you can never really feel safe once you are on the run , no matter how many years you live in peace '' , candice said wearily . 
 `` we were at the end of our street and watched our home go up in flames . 
 once again all we had were a couple of suitcases , with only clothes , some of your toys and two photos . 
 we drove to canberra and booked into a motel . 
 your dad stayed up all night making phone calls . 
 i did n't know whom he spoke to . 
 but when i woke up the next morning he told her of his plan . 
 we were to go to denmark where he had arranged to fake his death . 
 `` by the time we arrived in denmark , your dad and i had come up with a scheme to stay in touch ; until he could finally join us again . '' 
 said candice . '' 
 your dad would regularly send postcards from locations where he was staying . 
 he would sign them with different names , but i knew it was him . 
 he would post them when he had actually left these places , so even if they were to be intercepted he would have already left , but i would know he was safe . 
 the choice of destinations were the places he wanted to take us , once he was sure he had fooled his enemies into thinking that he was really dead . 
 this would hopefully only take a year . 
 in the meantime you and i returned to england and where i joined various book clubs . 
 the plan was that he would start sending me books describing were he was staying . 
 if anyone checked our mail they would most likely assume that the book was simply sent by one of my book clubs . 
 however , if i received two books describing the same location , it meant that it was time for them to relocate . 
 to ensure that your dad would always know where we were , once we arrived at a new destination , i would immediately notify my book clubs of the change of address . 
 the choice of countries was also predetermined ; it would be one of the ones shown on the old postcards . 
 `` `` your dad has also visited us when he could . 
 i am sorry you were never able to see him . 
 but he came when you were asleep and only stayed the night . 
 we did n't want to burden you with this secret , so we let you continue to believe him dead '' said candice looking worriedly at simon simon , struggling to come to grips with this information , simply sat quietly staring disbelievingly at his mum . 
 he struggled to find words to express his confusion . 
 he wanted to be angry for not seeing his father when he visited , and that his parents had not put him in the picture before . 
 but somehow he could also understand the need to keep their secret . 
 `` it now makes sense , '' simon whispered . 
 he now understood why his mother had all those books that she kept reading . 
 it also made sense why his mother would send for the subscriptions to be redirected to their new address , instead of simply buying books from the local bookshop . 
 it also made sense when his mother asked him to choose their destination based on his father 's old postcards . 
 he had thought that this was a way his mother could still feel close to his dad , knowing that he had once visited these places . 
 thirty minutes had passed since whisper had found candice 's room . 
 he became aware of the pretty nurse laughing with an older nurse whilst glancing in his direction . 
 he was accustomed to the attention of women , but now he realized that this could become a problem -- he knew they could describe him to the police . 
 he felt frustrated that his plan had been thwarted yet again . 
 `` mum where is dad now ? '' 
 asked simon `` if you look in my hand bag , you 'll find the book that i received last week . 
 your father is ... '' but candice never finished the sentence as simon raised his hand to stop her . 
 `` mum , let me find him . 
 let me read the book '' . 
 `` you are so much like your father . 
 he always loved to figure things out for himself . '' 
 simon stood up and kissed his mum . 
 he needed a few minutes to be by himself , he had to digest all the information just given to him , so the toilet seemed a good excuse . 
 when he walked outside the room , he found himself looking into the deep brown eyes of deepa . 
 they stood facing each other only centimetres apart as they almost bumped into one another . 
 both unwittingly smiled and blushed . 
 `` sorry , i ... . . 
 i was looking for the toilets , '' mumbled simon `` sure ! 
 they are right at the end of the corridor '' `` thanks '' `` simon , if there is anything you need , just let me know . '' 
 with that , deepa walked past simon into his mother 's room . 
 simon entered one of the far cubicles in the toilets . 
 and as he sat there contemplating what he had just learned , he suddenly became aware of the expensive italian leather shoes belonging to the person in the next cubicle . 
 for a moment his heart rate accelerated and he began to panic . 
 `` ... never show fear to a predator as it will give it the confidence to attack ! '' 
 simon heard his dad saying . 
 `` so , this is where you intend to try again ? '' 
 asked simon showing more bravado than he felt . 
 whisper , although not really surprised that the boy knew of his presence , was never the less startled by his confidence . 
 for a moment , he hesitated to answer . 
 `` i 'm surprised ! 
 you 're considerably taller and stronger than me . 
 you seem to have no problem pulling out your gun on a public beach . 
 and yet , you are too scared to speak ! '' 
 simon stated , still sounding more confident than he felt . 
 the stranger remained silent for a few moments . 
 simon was about to speak again when a hoarse whisper came from the next cubicle . 
 `` i give it to you kid , you 're courageous '' . 
 `` and you sir , are a fool ! 
 you wear clothes that make you stand out . 
 your shirt alone is worth more than what most people here earn in a month ! 
 you then get some of the local kids to attempt to kidnap me ! 
 and when things do n't go your way , you expose yourself by doing your own surveillance ! '' 
 exclaimed simon audaciously accusing him . 
 `` young man , i 'm impressed by your observations . 
 i have to admit , i have been somewhat careless . 
 maybe , it 's because most people around here seem to go on with their own lives regardless . 
 or maybe , it 's because i do n't occupy myself with jobs usually carried out by thugs ! 
 i have n't anything against you kid , come quietly and i promise it 'll be first class all the way ! '' 
 the mysterious european said in all honesty with a subtle german accent . 
 `` all the way to where ? '' 
 asked curiously simon `` we go to russia . 
 we will get further instructions once there , '' stated the voice in the next cubicle . 
 simon was unsure as to why someone wanted to kidnap him . 
 if they wanted to kill him they could have easily done it by now . 
 maybe they wanted him as a hostage . 
 now that he knew his father was alive and wanted , he could be the bait needed to lure him into a trap . 
 `` my mother thinks i 'm special . 
 my dad , before he died , used to think i was special . 
 the question is , why do you think other people consider me special ? '' 
 asked simon tentatively . 
 `` kid i do n't know what makes you special , but if your father is indeed dead and your mother is here , then there is someone else who thinks you are special ! 
 that , kid is the person who makes you important , '' answered the voice . 
 a thought was beginning to form in simon 's mind . 
 what if the person that thought him ` special ' , was the same one that was keeping his dad away from them ? 
 `` when would i have to leave ? '' 
 `` if you come willingly , we 'll be leaving in two days . 
 if you resist , then it 'll happen sooner '' . 
 `` in that case , i 'll see you in two days '' stated simon thinking that he could buy a little more time to think . 
 with that simon got up and returned to his mother 's room . 
 he spent the rest of the night reading ` the broker ' by john grisham . 
 when candice woke up she could see simon asleep in the armchair with the book still in his hands . 
 she could not help feeling saddened for the burden she had given him . 
 she still loved her husband and missed him terribly , especially now when she had to face the toughest ordeal of her life . 
 but simon was her son . 
 she had always asked a lot of him , always leaving behind his friends , and he had never asked questions or complained . 
 thinking about her son , she thought how over the years he had become a loner . 
 she had rarely met any of his friends , and he spent most of his time studying or doing sport . 
 maybe he had given up making friends , because he knew that sooner or later he would have to leave . 
 simon never complained about sleeping in train stations , airports or bus stops . 
 he did his best to help her settle into new places , always making it sound as if they were on an adventure . 
 she was extraordinarily fortunate to have a son such as simon . 
 now , once again she would ask so much of him . 
 she had one last wish , that the three of them be reunited again . 
 no , she would not let death defeat her ; she owed it to her loved ones to stay alive until then . 
 candice did not realize that simon was awake and was closely observing her . 
 `` good morning mum . 
 how are you feeling today ? '' 
 asked simon , brighter than he felt . 
 `` good morning sweetie , i feel great . 
 in fact i feel very hungry . 
 how about you ? '' 
 just then simon 's stomach gave out a grumble , and they both started laughing . 
 `` sorry mum , i forgot to have dinner last night '' . 
 just then , as if on cue deepa came in with a large tray full of food . 
 `` ahh , good morning '' she smiled . 
 `` i thought you must be hungry , so i brought you both a hot breakfast '' she continued , glancing across at simon `` good morning deepa , are you coming off your shift ? '' 
 `` yes madam '' sighed deepa `` in that case , would you like to join us for breakfast ? 
 i see that you have more than enough for the three of us '' . 
 deepa accepted candice 's invitation to join them in their little feast . 
 they managed to spend the next hour happily joking and laughing about the most mundane things . 
 the three of them were trying to conceal their own sadness for the sake of the others . 
 `` may i come in ? '' 
 a male voice came from behind the door . 
 `` hello !! 
 please do . '' 
 candice replied as she instantly recognised the voice . 
 inspector lau entered behind a large bunch of coloured flowers . 
 `` selamat pagi candice . 
 how are you holding up ? 
 are these two kids giving you any trouble lah ? '' 
 inspector lau smiled as he kissed candice 's cheek ' `` good morning to you too , '' replied candice `` daad ! 
 i 'm not a kid ! 
 are you checking on candice or me ? '' 
 deepa exclaimed `` dad ? '' 
 said simon thinking aloud `` small world is n't it master simon ! '' 
 smiled the inspector `` but , but ... '' commenced simon but was unable to continue as he felt confused . 
 deepa looked of indian origin , whilst the inspector looked chinese ! 
 `` deepa 's mother was indian , and deepa is as beautiful as her mother was lah '' interjected inspector lau . 
 `` deepa dear , could you please go down to the kitchen and inform chef soo-guan that i would love his `` breakfast special '' asked inspector lau with a grin . 
 `` he is an old school friend and is happy to feed me when i have to come early to the hospital '' . 
 as soon as deepa left , candice looked at her son and with a heavy heart asked `` simon , i know how these past two days have been very difficult for you , but i need to ask you to do one more thing for me ... i want to see your father one more time . 
 i know i am burdening you with this request , but i also believe that you are mature enough to ask this of you . '' 
 after a long pause she whispered , `` i have no one else i can trust . '' 
 `` simon your mother has told me everything . 
 i am here to help you lah '' `` thank you inspector . 
 until yesterday i would never have thought that i would be looking for my dad , but , . . 
 i do n't want to leave mum '' said simon sadly looking at his mother . 
 `` simon , the doctors think i have only a month to live , but they ca n't tell me how fast my tumour is growing . 
 they could attempt to remove it , but , the risks are very high , and even if the operation is successful the possibility of losing my memory is also very high . 
 my past memories are too important to me ... inspector lau 's wife also had he same type of tumour as me , and he believes that i will have more than a month to live . '' 
 candice was concerned about simon 's safety but knew that all the years of travelling had equipped him with skills no ordinary boy at his age would have . 
 she looked expectantly at simon . 
 `` i will find dad !! '' 
 stated simon determinedly . 
 those four words set in motion a chain of events that would change his life dramatically . 
 simon was torn between his concern for his mother and the thought of finding his father . 
 he also felt troubled at the thought that inspector lau knew about the kidnapping attempt . 
 he could arrest the european before simon could figure out how he could use him to get to his father . 
 but inspector lau was more helpful than simon could have imagined . 
 `` simon , do you know where to start looking for your father ? '' 
 asked the inspector . 
 `` italy ! '' 
 replied simon . 
 he went on to explain that the last book his father sent mainly covered two countries : u.s.a and italy . 
 simon continued explaining his theory . 
 his father had never sent any postcards from the u.s.a , whilst they had received numerous from italy . 
 his father knew italy well and could speak italian fluently : as he often did so with simon in his younger days . 
 the book also mentioned the city of treviso . 
 compared to other cities in italy , treviso was not a well-known tourist destination . 
 he also believed that those looking for him might also know that his father loved to live by the sea . 
 treviso was not located by the sea , but was built on the river using a similar concept as venice -- suspended on special pontoons - . 
 the city has the appearance of having been built with a river surrounding it , like a castle moat , but in fact the river also runs under it . 
 the adriatic was only a few hours drive from there . 
 `` i agree with you . 
 you are as intuitive as your father , '' said candice . 
 `` many years ago , when your father first described treviso , i said that i would love to see it one day . 
 over the years i had picked out many places that i wanted to visit ... '' but before candice could continue simon interjected `` ... the books that dad sends you are those locations ! '' 
 `` yes , they are . '' 
 `` mum are there any locations that you and dad have spoken about , but that dad has not gone to as yet ? '' 
 asked simon `` i 'm sorry simon , i spent the whole of last night asking myself that same question , but i am sad to say that i think he has been to all of my ` dream ' destinations . 
 although , he once mentioned of a town where italians supposedly go to for their honeymoon and overseas tourists do not often frequent it . 
 at least that was the case when your dad and i just met and he talked about his dream honeymoon . '' 
 `` do you remember where this town is ? '' 
 `` no , i am sorry . 
 all that i can tell you is that it is somewhere in central italy and the town is surrounded by the walls of an ancient castle . 
 i also remember him saying that unfortunately it would mean long drives to his beloved sea . '' 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 there are hundreds of castles in italy ! '' 
 exclaimed simon `` mmm , ... only that he made a joke about the skyscrapers of the 13th century '' `` it 's ok mum , as long as he continues sending you books , i will find him '' stated simon `` master simon , when do you think of leaving ? '' 
 simon looked at his mother and explained with uncertainty `` i do n't have much time , so i need to leave as soon as possible . 
 it really comes down to how i will get there . 
 i might have a way , but it is not very reliable . 
 but ... '' simon did n't finish what he was about to say . 
 he went silent . 
 the european stated that they would go to russia and then maybe somewhere in europe , which if not italy , the destination would still be closer than here . 
 he knew perfectly well that he would be a prisoner and escaping might become difficult , but he had faith in his abilities . 
 in the back of his mind he did not trust the stranger 's true intentions : would he have told him of his plans so easily ? 
 inspector lau interrupted simon 's thoughts . 
 `` master simon , the first destination is not something to be too concerned with , as i have friends that regularly fly military planes to europe lah . '' 
 `` in that case , when is the next flight to europe , preferably italy ? '' 
 simon asked excitedly . 
 `` i will give the butterworth base a call and let you know in a few minutes lah , '' replied the inspector . 
 as the inspector dialled the number on his mobile phone , candice looked at her son whilst taking one of his hands between hers . 
 `` simon , i knew that this day might come , but i thought that we would be looking for your father together . 
 at home i have prepared a suitcase that you will need . 
 in it there are several fake passports , money including euros , and a note i found in one of your father 's books , which is simply an email account that i would imagine he has access to . 
 be very careful when using an email , as the content is not very secure , and the origin of it 's and the location of its recipient can also be traced '' warned his mother . 
 at that point deepa entered the room with a tray holding mango juice , a basket full of toasted bread , vegemite and english breakfast tea . 
 `` vegemite ? '' 
 asked candice with curiosity . 
 `` i have no idea why , but dad loves it ! '' 
 replied deepa unable to hide her disgust . 
 `` a lifetime ago , i went to australia for work and over the two months that i spent there i came to love it . 
 it is quite hard to find it in malaysia but i know some of the pilots at the butterworth air force base who every so often make a trip to australia . 
 they always bring back a few jars that i then share with chef soo-guan . 
 he really does n't like it , but we have always been competitive and he refuses to accept that i have no trouble eating it whilst he struggles to even smell it . 
 having said that , he has come up with a vegemite vegetable soup recipe that is to die for . '' 
 realising too late that he accidentally used the ` d’ word , lau instantly went white in the face and looked down at his feet . 
 `` mmm , since i am already half way there , i guess that i am entitled to some of that soup '' said candice with a big grin . 
 `` i am sure that chef soo-guan will be more than happy to accommodate you , '' said lau still embarrassed by his silly oversight . 
 after the four of them had shared the breakfast accompanied by lots of jokes and laughter , deepa stood up from the chair . 
 `` best i go home and have a well deserved shower and rest . 
 candice , i ran into the doctor down the corridor and he will be coming to see you at the start of his morning rounds . 
 simon , it was really nice having breakfast with you and your mother . 
 and dad , please refrain from making any more jokes as they have gotten worse as time has gone by '' said deepa with a grin whilst winking at candice . 
 they all broke out into laughter . 
 once deepa departed , it was straight down to business . 
 `` ok master simon , we are in luck . 
 my friend was asked to fly some military officials to witness some nato manoeuvres . 
 the flight will go to a nato base in germany . 
 so , my young adventurer , as you do not have a car licence , we might have to rely on public transport between germany and italy . 
 as it is winter in europe , you will not have the luxury of catching a lift with one of the many germans who go to italy for their summer holidays . '' 
 `` thanks inspector . 
 mum , i need to leave you for a short while ; i have to go home and pack '' said simon looking at both the inspector and his mother . 
 `` selamat pagi candice her . 
 candice did not have time to answer for the inspector 's phone rang . 
 he was informed that the generals travelling on the flight to germany had requested an earlier departure . 
 they were to leave in thirty-five minutes . 
 `` can simon make it to the plane in time ? '' 
 asked candice `` i can make sure he does . 
 i will be able to bypass customs easily enough . '' 
 `` but mum , i just ca n't leave right now . 
 this might be the last ... '' but simon never finished the sentence . 
 `` simon this is your chance . 
 we do n't know how long you would have to wait until your next opportunity ! '' 
 interrupted candice looking intently at her son . 
 `` ok mum '' whispered simon as he hugged his mother tightly . 
 `` simon , keep in touch with inspector lau . 
 if anything should happen to me before you return . 
 i will leave him my will and a set of instructions . 
 other than your dad and you , the inspector is the only person i trust . 
 i love you son . 
 be safe . '' 
 simon not wanting his mother see him cry , quickly left the room with the inspector . 
 `` inspector i need to quickly stop at home '' said simon . 
 once in the police car , the inspector proceeded quickly . 
 `` simon there is a bag on the back seat . 
 it contains some ` toys ' that might be useful on your trip , '' explained the inspector . 
 simon reached back and got the bag . 
 he slowly opened it and examined the contents inside . 
 `` where did you get all of this stuff ? '' 
 asked simon whilst examining a small computer not much bigger than a small diary . 
 `` let 's say that over the years i have worked in certain operations which gave me access to special toys . 
 what you have in your hand will allow you to connect to any wi-fi network and be able to access the internet . 
 within the computer there is a program called sentinel , it allows you to keep in touch with your mother and me . 
 although i trust the encryption software , i would suggest that you still take the upmost care when communicating with us . 
 never say anything that might compromise you . 
 i would have liked to have spent sometime explaining how to use the items in the bag , but unfortunately you will have to work them out yourself '' stated the inspector . 
 simon did not stop to ask how the inspector knew that he would be leaving on his adventure and may need all the help he could get . 
 he was too excited discovering the contents of the bag . 
 `` and this ? '' 
 asked simon holding up what looked like a portable sewing kit . 
 `` that is something i hope you will never have to use . 
 those needles are actually tranquillising bullets . 
 `` bullets ? 
 but where is the gun ? '' 
 asked simon fascinated . 
 `` you will find that the mont blanc pen in the bag is actually the firing device . '' 
 `` wow ! 
 what about the cotton thread , does it also have an alternative function ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i find that it is quite useful as dental floss ! '' 
 joked the inspector `` and what 's this ? '' 
 asked simon whilst holding what looked like a synthetic skin used to treat burns . 
 `` that is an adhesive skin that can be attached to the palm of your hand . 
 within it there are needles , which contain the same powerful tranquilliser that your pen-gun uses . 
 if you ever get into a struggle , simply grab hold of the person threatening you and the needles will penetrate their skin and make them pass out within seconds . '' 
 `` i hope i do n't get to use it '' , replied simon `` master simon , i suggest that you should probably place it on now . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i know there is a certain gentleman in town asking questions about you . 
 i think , until you are safely in the air , you should wear the tranquilliser skin . '' 
 simon was taken aback by the inspector 's comment . 
 how much did the inspector know about the kidnapping attempt ? 
 `` please do n't tell mum '' , he said quietly `` i agree . 
 she does n't need to worry . 
 but i do . 
 i have been told that the gentleman comes across as a professional . '' 
 `` a professional what ? '' 
 simon asked , hoping the inspector could shed more light . 
 `` i hope that is something that we will not need to learn . '' 
 as the inspector finished his sentence , he pulled over in front of simon 's house . 
 simon jumped out of the car and ran to the front door . 
 his home was a double front white weatherboard house with a small green lawn at the front . 
 the blinds were still down from the previous morning , as they kept the heat of the malaysian sun out , and made their house somewhat cooler . 
 as he entered , he struggled to make out any shapes , as inside the house was considerably darker and his eyes had not yet adjusted . 
 he quickly made his way to his mother 's bedroom to collect the bag containing money and the false passports . 
 to his surprise the bedroom blinds were up ; he knew his mother was meticulous about putting them down every morning . 
 he then rushed into his bedroom where he collected a few items of clothing and toiletries and threw them into the bag . 
 he then returned to his mother 's bedroom and pulled down the blinds . 
 on his way down the stairs again the thought of the blinds still played on his mind . 
 when he reached the entrance foyer a sudden sensation gripped him ; he knew he was not alone . 
 he stood rooted to the ground unable to move , his heart pounding inside his chest . 
 he had to do something ; he could n't just stand there paralysed , especially as the intruder could attack him at any moment . 
 for a second he considered running out of the house and alerting inspector lau , but instead took a deep breath , put his bag carefully on the floor and turn towards the lounge room . 
 he slowly walked into the lounge room , his eyes trying to focus on the familiar objects within . 
 `` i hope you made yourself feel at home , '' he said as if speaking to a friend . 
 `` i thought i would wait for you here , as the hotel was becoming uncomfortable , '' said a hoarse whisper coming from the double couch . 
 `` but i am curious to find out why you rushed upstairs to collect your forged passports . 
 were you intending to take off ? '' 
 `` i do n't know who you are , but i am not a person who runs away very easily , '' responded simon very calmly , despite the pounding of his heart . 
 `` no kid , you are not running away from me . 
 but i think you have other plans . 
 i know my adversaries . 
 you , for instance are afraid of me . 
 yet you are able to disguise your fear , a talent that most people even in my field ca n't do . 
 you are left-handed ; you could probably outrun me if it came down to a chase ; something i would not recommend as i am armed . 
 if it came to a physical combat , you would stay and fight instead of running outside screaming to the inspector in the car waiting for you . 
 i can also tell that you are thinking of your next move . 
 so kid , what have you decided to do next ? '' 
 asked the voice . 
 simon now worried that he would not be able to make it to the plane in time , slowly walked towards the voice , hoping his martial arts training and the adrenaline he felt would be enough for what he was going to do next . 
 as he stood in front of the couch , the man stood up . 
 simon 's eyes had adjusted enough to make out the intruders outline . 
 he was taller than simon and , contrary to earlier impressions , had the physique of a world wrestling champion . 
 `` kid , i know you are considering fighting me ... '' that was all whisper managed to say . 
 simon , with a rapid movement drove his heel with all his strength into the european 's knee , bringing him down to eye level . 
 he then grabbed the stranger 's neck . 
 the devices attached to simon 's hand worked immediately . 
 he pushed the stranger to the floor and quickly turned and started running to the front door . 
 as he picked up his bag , he suddenly decided to turn around and return to the lounge room as he had an idea . 
 the inspector accelerated as simon was still closing the door . 
 `` everything ok simon ? '' 
 as simon removed the device from the palm of his hand and placed it back in his special bag , he looked at the inspector with a childish grin . 
 `` all is good inspector . 
 this device certainly comes in handy ; thanks . '' 
 the inspector now concentrating on the road ahead and swerving between the midday traffic , simply smiled . 
 `` i believe in australia there is a saying , ` never look a gift horse in the mouth ' . 
 i 'm not sure where it originated , but i think it means do n't question your good fortune , '' smiled the inspector . 
 `` are we going to make it on time ? '' 
 asked simon still perplexed on the inspector 's real identity . 
 `` whilst you were inside , i called the air traffic control tower . 
 the flight has been delayed ten minutes , '' replied the inspector . 
 `` so , is this another case about horses ' teeth ? '' 
 asked simon with a big grin . 
 `` no simon , this is a case of having the air traffic control director as my brother-in-law '' replied the inspector with a smile . 
 once they arrived at the butterworth military airfield , the guard at the front gate automatically waved the inspector through . 
 they made their way through some local houses that were supposedly initially built by the australian defence force , but were now occupied by local airport personnel . 
 within a minute they were driving along the tarmac towards one of the hangers , where a c130 hercules military cargo plane was waiting with its rear cargo ramp down and its propellers already spinning . 
 the inspector drove directly to the back of the plane and stopped a few centimetres from the ramp . 
 once the car had stopped , the inspector turned in his seat and faced simon . 
 `` young master , i wish you all the best . 
 remember that if you need anything , please use your telecommunication device to call me . 
 i would suggest that once in europe you get yourself a different ` sim ' card for the mobile phone that i have also included in the bag . 
 also , be very careful if you run into your friend from back at the house . 
 next time he will not fall for the same trick as he now knows about your tranquillising device . 
 i will go back and check if he is still there , even though i sincerely doubt it . 
 never trust anyone , especially those that claim to know you , your family or me . 
 once in italy get yourself a scooter as you are old enough to legally drive it . 
 although you might have enough money to stay in a hotel , try and find a ` pensione ' for accommodation . 
 it is basically like a home-stay where italian families rent out a room . 
 with a bit of luck they will look after you and be a great source of information . 
 when speaking to people , do n't lie if you do n't have to . 
 truth is easier to remember . 
 just do n't tell them anything about yourself . '' 
 `` yes sir !! 
 anything else that you might consider essential for my survival in italy ? '' 
 replied simon half joking . 
 `` absolutely !! 
 ` marinara ' in that region is not a seafood dish , instead it is a simple tomato base with garlic and oregano '' added the inspector with a smile . 
 `` good luck kid . 
 i wish you well . '' 
 `` thank you inspector . 
 please take great care of my mother . '' 
 `` you have my word . '' 
 `` inspector , please also say goodbye to deepa for me . '' 
 and with that simon got out of the car and walked up the ramp of the plane . 
 once inside , a short but menacing loadmaster yelled in malay `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 `` i am supposed to hitch a ride to europe . 
 or so that is what i was told , '' simon replied feeling puzzled by the inhospitable reception . 
 `` hitching ?! 
 that 's a laugh ! 
 you have exactly ten seconds to turn around and get off my plane before i throw you off !!! '' 
 yelled the loadmaster whilst taking a menacing pose . 
 simon , unsure as to what to do next , turned around toward the exit hoping to still catch the inspector before he went away . 
 to his disappointment , the inspector 's vehicle was already driving through the base exit gates . 
 realising that he had few options left to him if he was to find his father in time , he decided to try a different approach . 
 as he turned back toward the uniformed person , he took out of his bag a few hundred american dollar notes . 
 `` you are really testing my patience young man ! 
 i warned you ! '' 
 before simon had the chance to respond the loadmaster came at him with both hands forwards in attempt to grab him and most likely toss him out of the plane . 
 `` sarjan udara !!!! -lrb- sergeant in malay -rrb- '' a foreign voice suddenly yelled from the front of the plane 's belly . 
 the loadmaster immediately recognised the pilot 's voice and stopped himself a few centimetres from reaching simons khaki jumper . 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 the loadmaster instinctively called out . 
 `` i 'd like a word please , '' calmly ordered the pilot . 
 after a few minutes of quite discussion between the pilot and loadmaster , simon saw the sergeant nod to the pilot and move away . 
 the pilot then proceeded toward simon and offered a handshake . 
 `` thank you . 
 for a second i thought i be kissing the tarmac . '' 
 `` you must be simon . 
 i do not know how you managed to have lau vouch for you and frankly , i think the less i know the better it is . '' 
 the pilot then turned around and simply waved simon to follow him . 
 the two of them then proceeded to walk along the belly of the plane towards the pilot 's cabin . 
 inside the plane there were two military 4wd vehicles chained in place and a set of straps provided what looked like uncomfortable seating along both sides of the plane . 
 all of the plane 's passengers were wearing military camouflage uniforms and were curious as to simon 's presence . 
 at the front of the military plane , simon climbed up the wall using various shelves as steps , until he managed to make his way into the pilot 's cabin . 
 `` young man , inspector lau asked me to help you by offering you a lift to europe . 
 that is exactly what i will do : nothing more . 
 so , take a seat on our spare seat just to your left and for the next 24 hours try and not get in the way . 
 i am sure the ` sarge ' would love to throw you out at the next opportunity you cross him . 
 the spare seat is not much , but at least it is better than what our passengers will have to use downstairs . 
 the good news is that because of the officers travelling on this flight , we have been rationed with some delicious food . 
 are you hungry ? '' 
 `` no thank you '' replied simon in malay whilst orientating himself around the cabin . 
 `` well in that case , take a seat and strap yourself in . 
 we are taking off . '' 
 as the pilot went to sit in his own seat , the co-pilot was already moving the plane forward and calling out the pre-take off checklist . 
 in the cabin there was also an engineer who had so far paid no attention to simon and was simply checking the control panel in front of him . 
 the european found himself lying on the floor staring at one of the couch legs . 
 aware of what had happened and still affected by the tranquilliser chemical , he helped himself back onto the couch by using the available strength in his arms . 
 he sat silently for a few moments staring at the photos on the mantelpiece and thinking of what his next actions would be . 
 it was whilst staring at the photos that he noticed one was missing and had been replaced by another object . 
 he slowly stood up and moved to the object . 
 it was a tin of shoe polish with a label stating `` made with eucalyptus oil from australia '' . 
 on it there was also a hand written note . 
 `` i thank you for your offer of travel , but i have to cordially decline . 
 i thought that the shoe polish might come in handy maintaining your expensive leather shoes during the long chase that i imagine we are both about to embark on . 
 simon eady . '' 
 the european smiled at the note . 
 he then placed both the note and the tin of shoe polish into his pocket and preceded to go upstairs to check which currency the teenager had taken with him . 
 somehow , possibly based on the comment about the ` long chase ' , the european sensed that the kid was on his way to europe . 
 a few moments later , supported by the missing euros and pounds , the suspicion was confirmed . 
 the flight went smoothly with little turbulence along the way . 
 despite having now been on the plane for the last half a day , none of the crew or passengers had spoken to him . 
 simon thought that it was possibly because the flight was uncomfortable and nobody felt like a conversation . 
 during the last few hours simon managed to get some sleep and had some of the special meals . 
 in fact the time felt like it was flying by as simon was completely focussed on getting ready for his eventual arrival in italy . 
 to his fortune , shortly after simon took off from malaysia , he found that amongst his gifts from inspector lau there was an mp3 player . 
 it was loaded with numerous top 40 songs , something simon suspected deepa selected , and an italian language course called `` learn italian in ten days '' . 
 unfortunately for simon , he did n't have ten days available : in fact , by the time he noticed the language package , he had approximately ten hours before landing in germany . 
 to simon 's surprise , he had still retained most of the basic italian learned at primary school and from his dad . 
 with one hour to go before landing in germany , somewhere near berlin , the pilot took a break and came to sit next to simon . 
 `` kid , looks like you are in luck ! 
 we have just received orders to assist the military exercise by flying some equipment from berlin to a nato base called aviano . '' 
 simon , not knowing where the new destination was , simply waited quietly as he gathered by the pilot 's grin that he was about to be told . 
 `` kid , aviano is the nato base located in the province of treviso . '' 
 simon , unable to find a way to express his joy simply jumped up and gave the pilot a huge hug . 
 `` easy boy , this is a military aircraft and we do n't want to give the wrong idea to my crew ! '' 
 stated the pilot showing a hint of a smile . 
 the landing in berlin was smooth and simon was told that he had an hour before taking off again . 
 in order to allow simon to stretch his legs for a little while without raising suspicions , the pilot provided a flying suit for him to wear . 
 simon , once changed , simply used the toilet facilities in a nearby hangar and then found somewhere to sit down , go over the italian language course again , and stay out of the loadmaster 's way . 
 it was whilst waiting for the plane to take off , that a local german officer offered simon to use a computer in case he wanted to send an e-mail or use the internet . 
 at first simon declined but then decided that this might be the opportune time to attempt to send a message to the e-mail address found in one of the books sent by his father . 
 `` hi , i am finally taking my first holiday to visit family . 
 i look forward to getting to my destination as i am almost finished reading this month 's book club selection . 
 as i know you like riddles , here is one that will leave you wanting to come back for an answer : what scares a man that is not scared of sharks ? '' 
 the rest of the trip to aviano went quickly and , aware that within a few hours simon would be landing in italy , he spent the flight studying the italian course . 
 simon was wondering when the recent batch of luck was going to run out . 
 at first he thought his luck had run out when he decided to use the toilet at the back of the c130 . 
 the toilet comprised of a steel round green bin covered with a toilet seat and surrounded by a very flimsy green shower curtain which provided some privacy but allowed limited movement . 
 the experience of attempting to stay within the toilet boundary whilst moving through a bit of turbulence was at first a novelty but within seconds became annoying . 
 once simon finished cleaning up the mess that he had made , he decided to head back to the pilot 's cabin and recommence his italian course . 
 `` io ho deciso di aspettare finche ' arriviamo in italia '' simon suddenly heard as he closed the shower curtain behind him . 
 simon , now staring in the direction of where the words came from saw a grinning italian officer . 
 `` i will wait until we land '' the italian officer repeated in broken english `` l’unica cosa che ho mancato erano i miei pantaloni -lrb- the only thing that i 've missed were my pants -rrb- '' added simon with a smile . 
 `` you speak italian ! '' 
 called out the italian captain with excitement . 
 `` i am franco . '' 
 `` i am morten '' replied simon quickly thinking on his feet . 
 `` so morten , you very young to be in air forces '' mentioned franco in broken english whilst looking at the flight suit worn by simon . 
 `` i am not really in the air force . 
 i simply managed to bribe an officer in germany to get me onto a military flight heading to italy . 
 i love the language and i wanted to see italy before heading back to germany to start my university degree '' quickly replied simon whilst attempting to look embarrassed of having been caught . 
 `` no problema morten , your secret is safe with franco '' replied franco with a big grin . 
 for the next 40 minutes simon felt that his luck had returned . 
 franco , possibly out of boredom or novelty , decided to take it upon himself to provide tuition on the correct pronunciation , the introduction of colourful words regularly used in the italian language but unlikely to be found in the dictionary , local trevisian customs , mannerisms , and the best way to impress italian girls ! 
 once the plane landed , franco handed simon a business card in the event that he needed help or wanted to catch up for a tour of the local bars . 
 he also handed him a local paper where it contained advertisements for accommodation in treviso . 
 simon , before his departure , also thanked the pilot for all the help . 
 the pilot informed him that he would be back in germany in two weeks time to pick-up the malaysian officers for the flight back home and offered simon a lift back . 
 the pilot also informed simon that he could simply walk through the airport terminal as this morning there were no custom officers on base . 
 once outside the gates , simon stood silently for a few minutes staring at the chaotic traffic of cars and scooters racing one another and beeping their horns . 
 it was then that simon said to himself : `` i 'm in italy ! '' 
 chapter 3 -- searching shadows simon wished his mother was there with him . 
 treviso was just as picturesque as they had imagined . 
 the ancient castle walls surrounded the old city centre , whilst the river sile and the torrent botteniga lazily meandered through the city . 
 simon called all the accommodation listings in the local paper given to him by franco and was fortunate to find that the first advertised place still had a vacant room for rent and was situated in the centre of the oldest part of treviso . 
 that first day he also managed to purchase an italian scooter called a ` vespa , a detailed map of treviso , and some clothes to help him blend in with the local youth . 
 in spite of what could have been conceived as a fruitful day , simon still felt he had wasted precious time . 
 that evening he felt exhausted . 
 the time difference between italy and malaysia , and the events of the past few days had been draining . 
 however , not appearing to be impolite , he accepted the host family 's invitation to dinner . 
 the family consisted of luigi , a local pharmacist in his late fifties . 
 luigi was the same height as simon . 
 he had a full head of wavy brown hair that was slowly turning grey . 
 his preference for formal attire , including vest and tie , and round turtle-shell glasses was his signature amongst the local community . 
 luigi had settled into a family lifestyle after a youth filled with adventures whilst travelling to remote parts of the world . 
 he had an uncanny knowledge about little known cultures . 
 his wife franca , also in her fifties , had shoulder length black hair , deep brown eyes , and a willowy slim build . 
 franca had a quiet , warm nature and reminded simon of his mother . 
 beppe , luigi 's father , was in his seventies . 
 beppe , despite being a man of few words often followed by a soft grunt , seemed to have an unlimited amount of energy stored within him . 
 despite his slow mannerism , he moved around the house quickly and effortlessly . 
 his fast stride and fluid movements made simon wondered if he went to a gym in order to keep fit . 
 despite his fit physique , beppe 's face was considerably wrinkled from a long life spent probably being battered by unforgiving weather conditions . 
 beppe and his family had lived in the beautiful old house for generations . 
 the house was always passed down from father to oldest son . 
 simon wondered what it would be like to live in the same place all of your life . 
 no sooner had simon sat down that he found himself answering a barrage of questions : about his family , what he studied at school , where he learnt to speak italian , what food he did or did not like , if he played football , whether he liked italian girls , and what he thought about luigi 's wine ! 
 simon answered as truthfully as possible , being careful not to give out too much information . 
 that night , either comforted by a home cooked meal , or by the atmosphere of the house , he managed to get the first good sleep since he found out about his mother 's illness . 
 the next morning simon awoke still feeling a sense of peace . 
 in his dream-like state he imagined that his mother would soon come in and tell him to get ready for school , so he lay there enjoying a few more minutes of rest . 
 after a while , somewhere in the back of his mind he felt that it was getting late , so he glanced at his wristwatch . 
 he immediately sprang out of his bed , only to be confronted by an unexpected sight . 
 instead of seeing the familiar bamboo furniture of his bedroom in malaysia , he found himself staring at beautifully aged antiques . 
 his bed was twice the size and had two side tables . 
 a crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling instead of a ceiling fan , and instead of his desk there was a huge dark brown oak wardrobe . 
 between the bed and the window was a small wooden table with a glass top . 
 his eyes rested on the table where a familiar bag , with a map and several pieces of clothing could be seen . 
 simon felt a rush of emotions . 
 the events that had occurred in the past few days flooded back to him . 
 unable to hold back the rush of sadness , tears started streaming down his face . 
 he had not cried since he was a small child , as he had always had to be strong . 
 overcome by grief , he was unable to move . 
 tears kept streaming down his face as he kept staring at the items on the table . 
 then , barely visible , simon noticed on the top of his bag the book that his father had sent . 
 instantly , just as quickly as sadness had set in , a sense of purpose took over . 
 simon 's mind instinctively focussed on the activities to be carried out that day . 
 he grabbed a towel and ran to the bathroom at the end of the corridor where , whilst in the shower established a plan for the day . 
 within 15 minutes , simon had managed to shower , brush his teeth , send a quick message to inspector lau , get dressed , and pack the items he needed for the day and head downstairs . 
 he had a plan and he had no time to waste . 
 once at the bottom of the stairs , he moved to the front door and was about to open it , when he heard franca calling out from the kitchen . 
 `` simon , ho preparato la colezione per te ! '' 
 -lrb- simon , i have prepared breakfast for you -rrb- '' for a second he contemplated if he should decline the invitation or maybe use the time to ask a few questions about treviso . 
 simon 's plan for the day was to visit every advertised accommodation in the area and enquire about a family member that he was supposed to meet . 
 hopefully , his dad would be staying at one of the locations marked on his map . 
 if his shortlist of locations proved to be fruitless , at least the visits to the various hotels would allow him to become more familiar with the area . 
 `` grazie franca sono affamato '' -lrb- thank you franca . 
 i 'm famished ! -rrb- 
 replied simon in the kitchen simon found that the table was completely covered by several cereal boxes , mini toast usually used on cheese platters , ham , salami , fruit , a loaf of bread , cheese , milk , a café ' latte , a block of butter , and several jars of jam . 
 `` non sapevo cosa mangiate in australia . 
 questa mi son alzata e ho guardato sul ' internet . 
 dopo sono andata a comprare le cose che non avevo , '' -lrb- i did n't know what you eat in australia , so this morning i looked it up on the internet and then i went shopping and bought what i did n't already have -rrb- said franca looking somewhat guilty . 
 simon was amazed that his hostess had taken so much trouble for his breakfast . 
 feeling guilty for all the effort she made , he ate a little of everything . 
 he guessed that if he had a big breakfast he would n't have to stop for lunch , therefore have more time to look for his dad . 
 beppe was sitting at the table ignoring simon and inspecting all the food . 
 `` sai simon , l’unica cosa che non capisco e ' il perche ' mangiate questi piccoli pezzi di pane quadrati invece di un panino '' , -lrb- you know simon , the only thing i do n't understand is why australian 's eat these little square pieces of bread , instead of a bread roll -rrb- , stated beppe looking bemused . 
 simon looked down at the mini toasts and considered the question . 
 he suddenly burst out laughing . 
 obviously in these parts toasting sliced bread was not that common . 
 franca was in another room when simon explained this to beppe who also spontaneously , for a second , started laughing but immediately disguised it with a few deep throat-clearing coughs . 
 `` simon , se non hai dei piani , papa ' piaccerebbe farti guida per il giorno . 
 pero ' prima ha un appuntamento all ' ospedale , '' -lrb- simon , if you have no plans for today , my father-in-law would like to show you around , but first he has an appointment in the hospital -rrb- said franca , once she stopped laughing . 
 the idea of having beppe as a guide for the day certainly had its advantages , but unfortunately hospital waiting rooms often took hours before being attended to . 
 simon was about to decline when it suddenly occurred to him that his father was a nurse . 
 furthermore , beppe did not seem impressed with the idea . 
 `` franca , mi farebbe piacere , '' -lrb- franca , i would love you to -rrb- , replied simon honestly whilst offering a smile to beppe . 
 simon gave beppe a lift to the hospital on the back of his vespa . 
 once in the waiting room , he excused himself stating that he wanted to walk off his large breakfast . 
 he wondered around the hospital trying to see if he could recognise someone that might resemble his dad from an old photo . 
 some time later simon found himself back in the waiting room . 
 feeling somewhat defeated , he decided his next move was to spend some time looking up for other hotels in the local phone book . 
 beppe and simon waited patiently , both deep in their own thoughts . 
 simon instinctively looked up , every time a male wearing a uniform entered the waiting room . 
 finally , after the long wait , beppe was called into the examination room . 
 simon had barely enough time to open a magazine , that beppe reappeared with a relaxed , almost relieved , expression . 
 `` tutto bene , '' -lrb- everything is fine -rrb- stated beppe as a response to simon 's inquisitive stare . . 
 simon once again felt he had wasted precious time , and was afraid beppe would cause him to lose even more . 
 once at the scooter , simon turned to beppe and apologetically asked if it would be all right if he spent the day by himself `` getting lost '' around the city . 
 beppe smiled and agreed that getting lost was the best way to learn one 's way , but first he invited simon to share an espresso with him . 
 as beppe was always cautious of the guests staying at his house , he thought that sharing an espresso would provide him with an opportunity to learn a bit more about the australian teenager . 
 he took simon to a coffee shop located on vicolo broli ; a tiny street that could easily be missed by anyone not familiar with the area . 
 `` buon giorno professore ! '' 
 -lrb- good morning professor ! -rrb- 
 beppe called out to the man behind the beautiful silver and gold chrome coffee machine . 
 `` buon giorno dottore ! '' 
 -lrb- good morning doctor ! -rrb- 
 replied the man . 
 after sitting down , simon perplexed asked why a professor would be working in a coffee shop ? 
 beppe , taken by surprise by the question , broke out in a loud laughter . 
 he explained that in italy , men often refer to each other as ` professors ' , ` doctors ' , and ` engineers ' , it was a sign of respect . 
 soon after a waitress bought two short black coffees . 
 `` in italy we drink milk with coffee first thing in the morning , after that we only drink espresso ! '' 
 beppe said in italian reading simon 's puzzled expression . 
 simon found the idea that italians only have coffee with milk in the morning intriguing . 
 he thought that this information could come in handy if he wanted to pass as a local . 
 `` simon , i am 73 years old and i have had a great , great life '' , said beppe in english with only a slight italian accent . 
 `` you speak english ! 
 but , why did n't you ... '' simon started saying . 
 `` ... say anything before ? '' 
 continued indulgently beppe . 
 `` young man , you are obviously wanting to improve your italian . 
 i 'm simply making it easier for you . '' 
 `` so why do you speak english now ? '' 
 asked simon worriedly about the deceit . 
 `` first of all , i miss speaking english . 
 secondly , i wanted to speak to you in your own language , because i do n't want any misunderstanding , '' continued beppe looking intently at simon . 
 `` simon , i do n't think you are on a holiday . 
 i think you are looking for someone , and maybe that someone is your father ? '' 
 beppe paused allowing simon time to think . 
 `` if this is true and you want help , i am now giving you an opportunity to be honest with me . 
 if this is not the case and you are hiding from someone , then i will help you find alternative accommodation , as i do n't want your problems to find their way into my home . '' 
 simon , startled by the unexpected inquisition , felt his mouth instantly dry out . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 simon asked faintly gazing intently at his hands . 
 `` last night your answers about your mother were quick and full of colourful details . 
 to the contrary , you took your time to answer questions about your father , and often they were very vague . 
 also , you have the same maturity of children who have been raised in a broken family . 
 this morning you spent your time at the hospital staring at every nurse and doctor , as if you were expecting to recognise one of them . '' 
 simon 's sense of defeat was increasing rapidly . 
 his initial instinct was to deny everything ; he felt trapped and unable to escape . 
 for a few seconds he contemplated if it would be best to simply deny everything and find alternative accommodation . 
 however , treviso being a small city , he imagined that beppe would know most of the locals , and the last thing he needed was for gossip to get in the way . 
 `` e chi e ' questo bel giovanotto ? '' 
 -lrb- and who is this nice looking boy ? -rrb- 
 asked the ` professor ' now standing between beppe and simon . 
 simon looked up startled . 
 `` questone ' simon . 
 il nipote di mia sorella . 
 e ' venuto a visitarmi dall ' australia . '' 
 -lrb- this is simon , my sister 's grandson . 
 he has come to visit me from australia -rrb- , `` piaccere simon '' -lrb- nice to meet you simon -rrb- stated the barrista whilst offering a handshake . 
 `` piaccere professore , '' -lrb- nice to meet you professore -rrb- replied simon accepting the hand and shaking it firmly . 
 with that the ` professor ' walked back to the counter . 
 `` why did you say that i was your sister 's grandson ? '' 
 `` because i feel that you are a young man with the problems of the world on your shoulders and , for reasons i do not understand , i feel that i should help you '' replied beppe whilst shaking his head . 
 `` my mum has only a month to live and asked me to come to italy to find my dad , who i only know from a picture taken when i was young '' , stated simon looking back sadly `` does your papa ' want to be found ? '' 
 `` my father is not meant to be found . '' 
 `` so he is hiding ! '' 
 stated beppe looking intently at simon . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` i see ... . . 
 do you know who else wants to find your father ? '' 
 asked beppe . 
 `` i have met a man who i think is looking for him . 
 i managed to get away without him knowing '' , replied simon eagerly . 
 `` and you think your papa ' could be hiding in a hospital ? '' 
 `` he worked as a nurse last time he lived with us . '' 
 `` how are you planning to find him ? '' 
 `` i was thinking of searching every hotel , motel , pensione and apartment block in treviso . '' 
 `` and if he is not there ? '' 
 asked beppe curiously . 
 `` i will then have to search every ` shadow ' in this city ! '' 
 replied determinately simon . 
 `` my young friend , looking in shadows will only find you darkness . 
 i too was once hired to search shadows , but unfortunately all i found were dark spots ! '' 
 beppe , whilst staring into the depths of simon 's eyes , suddenly felt an old familiar feeling . 
 the hair on the back of his neck stood on end , adrenalin rushed through his veins , and his heartbeat quickened . 
 within the next few moments of silence , beppe without realising started daydreaming . 
 he recalled the start of his career where as a teenager he smuggled weapons between the austrian and italian borders . 
 resulting from his success in avoiding border patrols , he then proceeded to setup an enterprise that saw him spending months at sea smuggling stolen weapons from nice to algeria . 
 by the time he could legally drive a car , his gun running had grown to six boats and 12 employees . 
 unfortunately , the growth of his clandestine business also came within the attention of several interested parties : most of them competitors . 
 resulting from a botched attempt by his competitors to eliminate him , beppe decided to walk away and invest his savings into another business . 
 it did n't take long before he found himself running a small exclusive and highly covert security consultancy company . 
 in his new venture , beppe was often hired to carry out corporate espionage raids , smuggling of high tech equipment between borders in order to avoid import taxes , and the assassination of competitors of his clients . 
 it did n't take too long for beppe to learn that the most lucrative service was the latter . 
 until the age of 19 , as beppe was fully aware that no client would hire a child to carry out their sensitive work , he used a german lawyer as the front of his company . 
 it was during these years that many nato secret agencies started outsourcing their illegal work . 
 beppe 's company , already having an established professional reputation , quickly became the company of choice by many governments : particularly england . 
 by the time beppe reached 23 , he had over 45 agents working exclusively for his company . 
 by then , beppe convinced his lawyer to become a partner and the company ceo , thus allowing him to continuing satisfying his adrenalin addiction and undertaking risky missions . 
 at the age of 26 , the british government decided to source beppe 's assistance in rebuilding their own spy network . 
 beppe , with the assistance of his ceo , established the british secret agents academy and employed all of his agents as consultant instructors . 
 in addition to earning a commission from their agents ' work , now used as instructors , beppe and his ceo also agreed to a 25 year contract where , in exchange for the closure of their company , the british government would pay each of them 1.5 million pounds per year . 
 shortly there after , the ceo retired and moved to a secluded tropical island where to this day he spends his time writing spy novels and sailing around local islands . 
 beppe , with the exception of undertaking the odd assignment for the british government , instead opted to pursue his academic interests and become a pharmacist in italy . 
 beppe also looked forward to spending more time with his wife and young children . 
 `` simon , do you know if your father worked for the british government ? '' 
 beppe asked as he snapped out of his thoughts completely unaware what made him ask such a direct question . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't think so , '' simon replied thoughtfully , wondering why beppe had asked such an unlikely question . 
 `` could it be ? 
 after all these years ? '' 
 beppe asked himself whilst studying every feature of simon 's face . 
 `` could what be ? '' 
 asked simon looking intently at beppe . 
 `` nothing ! 
 just an old man talking to himself . 
 ok , let 's see if we can find your papa ' ! 
 tell me everything , '' requested beppe with a slight undertone of excitement . 
 in germany , a tall blonde man stood outside a nato base speaking to one of the local ground crew about a recent flight from malaysia . 
 the blonde man wore an expensive pinstriped suit and a pair of well polished leather shoes . 
 he seemed to be very pleased with the information . 
 after a few minutes he handed over a one hundred euro note and jumped back into the rented car and drove toward the berlin airport . 
 in england , the prime minister stood outside 10 downing street answering a barrage of questions from the media about one of the top mi6 spies who was recently killed . 
 amongst the questions another mi6 spy , disguised as a reporter , suddenly called out `` is it true that the spy was in fact agent ` shadow ' ? '' 
 most reporters , hearing the codename and being aware of the legend , instantly went quiet and closely examined the prime minister 's expression , hoping to get the answer without needing to hear his response . 
 `` ` shadow ' ? 
 boy i have n't heard that codename since i was reading spy books at university ! '' 
 replied the prime minister in accordance with the top secret brief received a few days earlier . 
 `` so , are you saying that there has never been a british spy codenamed ` shadow ' ? '' 
 asked the same fake reporter now having everyone 's attention . 
 `` thank you all for your time . 
 that is all i have to say about the matter '' , replied the prime minister , before turning around and walking back into his current residency . 
 despite a barrage of questions about agent ` shadow ' , the prime minister continued walking and ignored them all . 
 as he entered the house , he looked at a man smiling back at him and stated : `` i hate being part of your schemes tim . '' 
 `` for queen and country sir ! '' 
 replied the director of mi6 with a smile whilst annoyed for having been referred to by his first name . 
 outside of the prime minister , everyone referred to him as ` beta ' . 
 `` so , what else do you have in store for me ? '' 
 asked the prime minister passing by ` beta ' and heading towards his office . 
 `` sir , why would you think that i wanted any more assistance from you ? '' 
 replied ` beta ' . 
 `` tim how many years have i been in office ? '' 
 `` 7 years , 10 months , and 6 days sir '' replied ` beta ' , having read the prime minister 's dossier earlier that morning . 
 `` of the 7 years , 10 months , and 2 days , how many days were you in your role ? '' 
 not wanting to correct the prime minister on the point of the 6 instead of 2 days , he simply replied `` all of them sir '' . 
 `` and how many times have you come and visited me in person ? '' 
 continued the prime minister . 
 `` once when you first took office , once 4 years ago to warn you of a planned assassination attack against you , and 3 times this week . '' 
 `` three times to brief me on a statement that i have just made to help you with a cover-up story . 
 something you could have written a brief on and faxed to me '' . 
 `` so . . '' 
 the prime minister had stopped walking and turned to face ` beta ' , `` what else have you in store for me ? '' 
 `` sir , i need some black ` ops ' funding to start a new school '' replied ` beta ' with a grin . 
 `` a school for what ? '' 
 asked the prime minister now getting a tad annoyed with this questions and answers game . 
 `` sir , i know you are only too aware of the recent failures that we have been experiencing with our spies . 
 we believe that this is mainly caused by the fact that mi6 spy candidates are now-a-days too influenced by modern society morals '' stated ` beta ' , now aware that the prime minister 's patience was quickly running out . 
 `` tim , i have read the reports that have been sent to me every time one of our spies has been caught or killed . 
 i have also read your past recommendations that we need to reduce our recruitment from the police force and mi5 agents and simply increase the recruitment from our battle hardened sas . '' 
 `` yes sir . 
 but it seems that even the sas now-a-days are influenced by our social morals . 
 if you recall last week , we lost a trooper to a female suicide bomber '' . 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 asked the prime minister interested in ending the conversation as the new prime minister of australia was waiting in the next room . 
 `` i ask to be given # 20 million to start a recruitment program where suitable teenagers are identified and recruited into a secret spy school . 
 i intend to keep the knowledge of the school known to only eight people . '' 
 `` who would know of this ? '' 
 `` yourself , myself , the finance minister , two selected trainers , the director of the spy school and , at first , two teenagers . 
 after two years , if successful , we will expand the program to 5 recruits per year . 
 however , at first i would like to start with just two recruits . '' 
 `` i see ! 
 if one fails , we always have a second one able to prove the program is successful '' , stated the prime minister not surprised at ` beta 's ' lack of concern that failure would most likely mean death or capture on the job . 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 `` and let me guess tim ! 
 you have already identified the two teenagers , the trainers , and the director . '' 
 `` all we now need is to find the second trainer ! '' 
 `` ok tim , i will get you your # 17 million . '' 
 `` sir , it was # 20 million . '' 
 `` tim , although i won my first election 7 years , 10 months , and 6 days ago , i was not officially sworn in until 4 days later . 
 so , as your accuracy seems questionable , i am sure that all you need is # 17million '' , replied the prime minister , who quickly turned and walked away towards his office barely hearing the `` yes sir ! '' 
 ` beta ' then walked towards the secret exit , whilst feeling satisfied that he managed to get # 500,000 more then he actually required . 
 the added amount would come in handy at a later stage to support some `` black ops '' . 
 first things first , he had an analyst to tear strips off for making a mistake with the prime minister 's dossier . 
 san gimignano is a small walled medieval italian town near siena in tuscany . 
 there are several reasons why this town is famous . 
 one being its ability to have withstood an attack from attila 's huns , and another for its high concentration of towers which at one point in history amounted to 72 . 
 kevin eady liked san gimignano as it provided him a refuge from the rest of the world in an apartment that he had purchased and rebuilt as his headquarters . 
 to date , nobody who knew that kevin was still alive had any idea that this town was where he called home . 
 as kevin had been living there for the last 10 years , he was considered a local . 
 his neighbours , along with most of the town folks , believed that kevin was a farmer who made a small fortune selling his family land , situated somewhere along the adriatic sea , and had decided to move to tuscany . 
 in san gimignano , kevin was known as nicola squadra . 
 kevin always found it easy to adopt new names , as he had been required to do so since the age of 10 . 
 in fact kevin eady was not his birth name . 
 over the years , his apartment went through multiple renovations , including the building of four secret rooms and two underground tunnels . 
 from the exterior , the apartment looked like all the other buildings . 
 it was three stories high , with windows on the top two stories overlooking piazza della cisterna . 
 on one side , a small balcony offered a view of the surrounding undulating hills . 
 in fact , nicola went to great care to ensure that the exterior of the building did not look renovated nor completely run down . 
 the two tunnels made their way underneath the city in opposite directions . 
 one tunnel made its way to the north of the town where it linked into a hidden cave . 
 the cave was very difficult to find , as its entrance was covered by wild blackberry bushes . 
 even if it was found , a sign warning of snakes discouraged entry . 
 the cave was approximately 20 metres deep with a boulder at the opposite end . 
 the boulder could be moved out of the way by pressing on a hidden switch , revealing the tunnel behind it . 
 nicola built a room half way along the tunnel , which held his weapons and also his escape motorbike -- the bmw hp2 megamoto . 
 the motorbike was fitted with the bare essentials , in order to minimise its weight and therefore , develop maximum performance . 
 this motorbike was a limited edition developed with the latest bmw 's and mi6 's technologies . 
 it provided a quick get away or , if deemed necessary , a weapon of assault . 
 nicola 's model was equipped with the latest satellite navigational system , a 7.62 mm alloy chain-gun to the front , a gliding mines system to the rear , and a kevlar covered fuel tank able to sustain direct small arms fire . 
 a chain gun is a unique type of machine gun that uses the movement of a chain to load bullets into the barrel and fire at a very high rate - over 500 rounds per minute . 
 the other entrance to this tunnel was , via a false wine barrel , situated in the apartment cellar . 
 the second tunnel stemmed from the first one via another hidden door . 
 it headed in the direction of one of the remaining towers located to the south side of the town . 
 the tower was one of the smaller ones and was not open to the public . 
 access to this tower was via either the second tunnel or by another apartment owned by nicola . 
 although , the apartment was rented to short-term visitors via a local estate agent , the access door was always bolted shut . 
 the second tunnel made its way to a secret hatch located near the tower 's stairwell . 
 it also continued underneath the town outer ring road and into a garage built on a small block of land . 
 this land overlooked the southern countryside , and was rented by a local farmer called silvio , who used it to grow his own grape vines . 
 silvio was a very close friend of nicola , and was only required to pay $ 1 and six dozen bottles of wine per year . 
 many years ago nicola befriended silvio and asked if he wanted to look after his land , as he did not want to work on the land anymore . 
 having said that , nicola always looked forward to coming back from each mission to spend time helping silvio on the farm . 
 although , silvio considered nicola one of his closest friends , he never asked any personal questions . 
 he never asked nicola why he disappeared months at a time , why he often came back battered and bruised , or why he built a garage that he never used . 
 silvio , now in his 70s , had only a few friends , and those that he did have , he truly treasured . 
 nicola was satisfied with the final setup of his apartments and tunnels . 
 having now finished his career as a spy , he was looking forward to starting lifestyle renovations rather then lifesaving modifications . 
 this morning he was planning to make a trip to florence to check his e-mail accounts . 
 although he had access to the internet from his apartment , he always took the precaution to check his e-mail accounts from different cities . 
 today , feeling excited by his new life as a spy retiree , he would treat himself to breakfast at a little known trattoria in pisa , before heading across to florence . 
 once in florence he would also buy himself a few books to keep him entertained during the long winter nights . 
 after beppe finished hearing the whole story from simon , he remained silent for a few minutes unsure how much he should tell this teenager . 
 beppe liked simon a lot as he reminded him of his own son who had died during a mission in iraq . 
 beppe 's son had numerous special skills that made him attractive to the various nato secret agencies . 
 luca was regularly sought after , as he spoke arabic and kurdish and spent several years spying on behalf of the cia , whilst saddam hussein was in power . 
 after the collapse of hussein , luca was asked to set up a training establishment in kuwait for the coalition special forces and other undisclosed organisations . 
 fourteen months ago , after a batch of failures were experienced by mi6 , luca was asked to lead an operation in bagdad to determine where local rebels were gaining access to modern weapons . 
 shortly after arriving in bagdad , luca was exposed by one of his contacts and assassinated in the middle of the day at a local market . 
 although beppe was devastated by the loss , he knew the risks associated with luca 's choice of career : after all luca simply followed in the footsteps of his father . 
 `` simon , have you thought that the man following you might have information as to your dad 's whereabouts ? '' 
 `` what makes you think that ? '' 
 `` well , he knew where to find you and your mamma . 
 he intended to bring you back here to europe , and most likely italy . 
 and here you are in italy , looking for your father who at one point worked as a commercial sailor . '' 
 no sooner had simon finished speaking , than he realised that his father 's job could have simply been a cover-up . 
 `` signor beppe , you might be right . 
 so , what should i do next ? '' 
 `` well , i would continue developing a search plan for your papa ' . 
 but i would also plan for the scenario that your european pursuer might turn up . '' 
 `` so , plan for an escape strategy ? '' 
 `` no . 
 plan for a surveillance . '' 
 `` surveillance ? 
 why ? 
 would n't that make it easier for him to kidnap me ? '' 
 `` young man , your biggest worry is that he will approach you without any warning . 
 what better way to be prepared than by knowing where he is at all times . 
 also , he is expecting you to be on your own . 
 i might be an old man , but i have a few tricks up my sleeve that would increase the odds in your favour . '' 
 `` signor beppe , i do n't want to place you and your family in danger , more than i already have . '' 
 `` simon , i do n't know what forces brought you to our doorstep , and i do n't know if this is life 's funny way to right a wrong , but you are here , and i am able to help you . '' 
 `` right what wrong ? '' 
 `` i had a son who wanted to follow my career . 
 even though i was dead set against it , he went on and did it without my help . 
 fourteen months ago , he was assassinated on the job . '' 
 `` so , luigi is not your only son ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i have three sons and one daughter . '' 
 `` i 'm confused , i thought you were a pharmacist ? '' 
 `` i was a pharmacist . 
 but i also worked as a spy for hire . '' 
 `` a spy for hire ? '' 
 `` yes , almost like a mercenary of the spy world . 
 although , at the time , i only worked for nato governments . 
 i feel that you are a bright young man , but are inexperienced for what seems life has dealt you . '' 
 `` so by righting the wrong , you mean to do for me what you did n't do for your son . '' 
 `` yes and no . 
 i 'll simply be teaching you the skills necessary to help you find your papa ' , and outsmart your pursuer . '' 
 `` i do n't know what to say . 
 i am speechless . 
 grazie . '' 
 `` do n't thank me yet . 
 although i wrote several training manuals for the british , french and italian secret services , i only ever trained two agents . '' 
 `` how did they go ? '' 
 `` one died many years ago and i am not sure of the second one : he supposedly disappeared not long after he was recruited by the british government . '' 
 `` as in died ? '' 
 `` who knows ? 
 sometimes the best work can be accomplished when your enemy believes you to be dead . '' 
 `` and who trained you ? '' 
 `` let 's just say that i was not always on the right side of the law . 
 one day i went to bed as a criminal and the next morning i woke up fighting against criminals . '' 
 `` what changed you ? '' 
 `` nothing ! 
 europe went to war and those that wanted to arrest me suddenly needed my skills . '' 
 `` so , what do we do now ? '' 
 `` you firstly need to change your appearance somewhat . 
 although you have purchased some great italian clothes , you failed to notice that we have them fitted . 
 so we need to go to see a friend of mine to adjust them . 
 after that , we 'll need to do something about your hair : although blonde is now a days more common in italia , a change of hair colour and some local styling , will make it harder for your pursuer to spot you in a crowd . 
 we 'll also need to get you some equipment in case your pursuer resorts to the use of weapons . '' 
 `` actually signor beppe , i have already taken care of that area . '' 
 `` in that case , i 'll have a look at what you have . 
 i see no need to teach you self-defence : you walk and control yourself as someone who has been trained in some form of martial arts . '' 
 `` you can tell that ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 in fact we need to make some changes to your posture and movement in order to disguise that . '' 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 `` we also need to determine when your papa ' was last in town , and how regularly he comes back . '' 
 `` you mean to say that my dad does n't live here ? 
 and how would you know that ? '' 
 asked simon suddenly feeling nauseous . 
 whisper was not surprised to learn that a teenager matching simon 's description was seen in treviso . 
 after all , everything that he experienced in the last few days was too coincidental : there was obviously a greater plan that he was not privy to . 
 firstly , he was told by one of his underground contacts that mi6 was planning to start training teenagers . 
 then , from another agency , he was asked to find a teenager who was believed to be the son of an mi6 spy . 
 the teenager was equipped with several foreign passports and currency , and also had a tranquillising device that very few people in the world had access to . 
 lastly , once he traced the teenager back to germany , one of his contacts informed him that once the teenager was kidnapped , he would need to be taken to treviso : the town where simon was already at . 
 these were definitely not just coincidences . 
 whisper 's morning was spent driving around on a scooter looking at local eateries in the event that simon had felt hungry , and had decided to buy himself a meal . 
 he also requested a report of any locally advertised accommodation , and for his people to check if any of them had been rented by a teenager from overseas . 
 lastly , he took the time to get himself some fitted italian made clothes and to visit a hair stylist . 
 kevin 's day started well . 
 as a retired spy he no longer had to worry about risking his life for queen and country . 
 the numerous high paid jobs over his extended career meant that he did not have any financial concerns . 
 the weather during his drive through tuscany was absolutely perfect . 
 his favourite bookshop in florence had just received a new batch of recently published books . 
 the internet café that he had found on via de ' gerolami near the ponte vecchio in florence was completely empty and had no surveillance cameras . 
 kevin could not have hoped for a better day . 
 he downloaded multiple e-mails onto his usb memory drive and then proceeded to a great paninoteca : a bar specialising in toasted sandwiches located near the san marco museum . 
 whilst eating his sandwich , he attached the memory drive to a small portable mp3 player and read the downloaded e-mails . 
 among the junk e-mails , he was surprised to have also received three e-mails from ` beta ' , all sent on the same day within a period of 5 hours ; one thanking him for a great service offered over the years , another with several scanned copies of the local paper showing the suspected death of agent shadow , and the last one offering him the role of the director of a new spy school . 
 kevin had no intention of returning to the world that he had finally managed to leave . 
 next , he went on to read the junk e-mails : although he usually simply deleted them , he now had time to kill and thought reading e-mails about `` new nasal technologies '' would entertain him for a while . 
 a few hours later , kevin was on his way back home looking forward to the next phase of his life . 
 whisper , happy with his new disguise , decided to look for accommodation for himself before continuing to search for simon . 
 after all , it was 3 o’clock in the afternoon and it was unlikely that the teenager would be eating at a restaurant now . 
 he jumped on a locally rented scooter and proceeded to the maggior consiglio hotel . 
 the hotel was just outside of the centre of treviso , it was quite comfortable , discreet , and used by him many years ago whilst in training . 
 beppe was very pleased with simon 's makeover . 
 he particularly loved the fact that simon was able to quickly pick-up the ` trevisano ' dialect , thus making him look and sound like a local . 
 once simon 's makeover was complete , they both proceeded to one of beppe 's pharmacies located on piazza del duomo in the centre of the city . 
 `` so , you have not told me what we are doing at the pharmacy '' , stated simon . 
 `` simon , all good things ... . . '' 
 `` . . 
 come to those that wait !! '' 
 simon finished with a smile . 
 `` signor beppe , do you think the european will find me here ? '' 
 `` i think the question is not ` if ' , but ` when ' . '' 
 `` in that case best we both wear a helmet for the added disguise . '' 
 `` simon , that is a bad idea as unfortunately not many youths wear helmets . 
 it 'll make you stand out . 
 what we can do instead , is to get you a set of sunglasses to cover your eyes . '' 
 `` is that enough ? '' 
 `` well , remember that your hair has changed , your olive skin is already getting lighter with the lack of sun in winter , but your eyes have not changed . 
 spies are always good at identifying the shape , colour , and intensity of their enemies ' eyes . '' 
 `` in that case , i 'd better stop at the shop next door and get myself a set of modern sunglasses . '' 
 `` already taken care of . 
 here is a set of emernegildo zegna sunglasses : they are favoured by the local youths . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 they 're very trendy . '' 
 `` simon , we now need to find if there is an englishman that owns a local apartment , but lives elsewhere outside this region . 
 preferably an apartment that is on the ground floor and has access to the roof as an additional emergency exit . '' 
 `` what makes you think that my dad lives outside the province ? '' 
 `` because young man , if anyone was able to work out the `` books ' code '' used by your parents , your papa ' would still be able to keep himself out of harms way by only visiting this city when he really had to . '' 
 after visiting the pharmacy , which was managed by luigi , they were able to gain access to the internet to investigate local properties . 
 they spent the rest of the day looking for apartments that fitted the profile described by beppe . 
 they also took the time to discuss escape and evasion tactics , surveillance tactics , camouflage tricks of the trade , and how to best continue with their search for simon 's father . 
 on his return to san gimignano , kevin found himself considering the directorship offered by ` beta ' . 
 although he was happy to have quit his career , he did not necessarily believe that he could spend the rest of his life reading books and helping a local farmer . 
 unable to shake this thought out of his head , he decided to visit silvio for a glass of vino and a slice of panettone . 
 shortly after arriving at the hotel , whisper received three e-mails on his personal digital assistant -lrb- pda -rrb- . 
 the first e-mail was a reply to the accommodation checks carried out by his people . 
 the second e-mail informed him that he would be joined by another agent who would undertake the current mission . 
 the third one was a set of orders clearly specifying a new mission to be undertaken by whisper . 
 for an hour whisper sat in his room contemplating the last two e-mails . 
 he initially felt gutted that another agent was on route to replace him on the current mission , possibly resulting from his failure in malaysia . 
 however , what really took him by complete surprise , was the second set of orders . 
 despite the fact that his role had now changed , the second agent would not be turning up until the following day . 
 this meant that he still had some time to kidnap simon eady . 
 his people had reported that with the exception of three accommodations , who had failed or refused to provide a description of their tenants , all had been taken by couples . 
 as whisper left the hotel , the first snowfall for the winter arrived in treviso . 
 beppe and simon returned to the house feeling a tad deflated as none of the search results proved to be possible leads . 
 to make matters worse , during dinner , franca informed them of the phone call she had received that afternoon asking her for information about any tenant that they might had just taken in . 
 beppe and simon did not have to say anything to one another , they both knew that simon had been found by the european . 
 after a lovely dinner that started with a plate of radicchio risotto , followed by quails cooked in a delicious red tomato sauce and accompanied by polenta , beppe and simon excused themselves with a short black coffee in hand and relocated to the study . 
 `` so , he has found me ! '' 
 stated simon disheartened . 
 `` no my young friend , we have found him . 
 he simply suspects that you might be staying here but until he sees you , he will not be able to confirm it . 
 to the contrary we can be pretty sure that he is staying in treviso . 
 all we need to do now is to execute the plan discussed earlier and see if he will lead us to your papa ' or to those who might know where your papa ' is . '' 
 `` you are right beppe . 
 it is just that the odds of finding my father are already stacked against me , without this complication . '' 
 `` simon , it 's snowing ! '' 
 stated beppe whilst looking outside the window . 
 `` that 's great !! 
 hopefully in the morning it will allow us to determine if the house is already under surveillance '' added simon , once again feeling lucky . 
 `` exactly ! 
 i 'll do the checking as we do n't want to expose you if we do n't have to . '' 
 `` beppe , i still do n't understand why my dad would send us a book telling us of a location which has a population of around 82,000 . 
 how are we ever going to find him ? 
 particularly if what you say about him living elsewhere is true . '' 
 `` i have been asking myself the same question . 
 maybe , you have missed something in the book . '' 
 `` well , the book did mention a few street names . 
 maybe one of them is not fictional . '' 
 `` simon , most authors nowadays seem to use real places , as it adds to the credibility of their fictional stories . 
 if i was your papa ' i would buy an apartment one of the described locations , even if i had to rent it . 
 i would then leave behind something that would either lead you to me or alert me of your presence . '' 
 `` that 's great signor beppe !! 
 why did n't i think of that before ? '' 
 `` it 's getting late and you need to get some rest . 
 why do n't you quickly show me the weapons you referred to earlier today and then get some sleep . 
 as i only sleep 6 hours each night , i 'll read the book sent by your father and see if i know any of the mentioned localities . '' 
 `` signor beppe you are probably right '' . 
 and with that simon proceeded to show the contents of the bag given to him by inspector lau . 
 outside , whisper stood silently hidden in the shade of a doorway across the street , trying to look through the open windows with his high powered night vision binoculars . 
 unfortunately , by the time he had arrived , most of the blinds were already closed . 
 after 20 minutes , whisper decided to go and investigate the other two accommodations of interest . 
 chapter 4 -- the start of a whisper in the morning , simon woke up feeling refreshed after a good nights sleep . 
 he loved his rented room . 
 it had beautiful high ceilings and the walls were constructed from quarry stones , which had been covered internally with several frescos . 
 the floor was made of dark timber and was partly covered by an intricate carpet that depicted a battle between the romans and the barbarians . 
 simon was excited about the possibility of a new lead . 
 he decided to get up quickly and , after a shower , head downstairs hoping that signor beppe was also an early riser . 
 after his shower , simon was not surprised to find that everyone was still asleep : after all it was only 5 o’clock in the morning . 
 so , instead of waiting around for everyone to wake up , simon decided to go for a run . 
 he left via the back door in case the european was watching the house . 
 at first , he stood silently looking at the back street for any sign of his pursuer . 
 once satisfied that he was not being watched , he slowly walked along the footpath trying to step in areas where the snow was shallowest or had already melted . 
 as he walked towards a nearby street , he noticed a few footprints that had been left behind overnight . 
 at first he kept an eye out for any footprints which would suggest someone moving on the spot to keep warm . 
 unfortunately , the only steps that displayed this pattern were in front of various doorways and did not face the house where simon was staying . 
 after a while simon decided that this was a pointless exercise , as the european was a professional and would not leave such obvious tracks . 
 and so , he started his morning run . 
 as it was winter , the sun was just starting to rise . 
 although the roads were still fairly empty , simon took the precaution to jog along smaller lanes and avoid the main streets . 
 at times this was difficult as there were several dead ends . 
 eventually , simon came across piazza pescheria . 
 this was a small paved area surrounded by what looked like its own moat . 
 the piazza was already quite busy with people setting up stalls selling fresh fish . 
 simon took the opportunity to have a breather and see what local fish was available . 
 amongst the various stalls , simon found himself stopping in front of one that had boxes full of fresh octopi . 
 he bought this in addition to some other seafood that he would use to cook dinner for his host family . 
 he stayed talking to the owner of the stall for fifteen minutes . 
 they talked about the competitive seafood market caused by the imports of fish from asia , politics , and a funny story about the mayor having had a bridge built in the middle of the night to avoid a protest by the locals who were against it . 
 in the end , as simon looked down to wipe away the tears of laughter , he noticed that the heat from his feet had melted away an area considerably wider than his shoes . 
 this observation prompted simon to quickly excuse himself and sprint back home . 
 he needed to get back there before locals started leaving their houses and disturbing overnight tracks . 
 taking the most direct route , simon was back within a couple minutes . 
 now that he knew what to look for , it only took him a few minutes to find what he was searching for . 
 the tracks were those of someone with a large size foot . 
 they were located across the street from his front entrance and they indicated someone moving east to west . 
 what caught simon 's eye was the fact that the distance between the footprints and the nearby building were extremely close . 
 furthermore , at one point two of the footprints became considerably wider , almost twice the width -- similar to the prints left by simon at the fish stall . 
 simon had a gut feeling that the european had been standing there for approximately 25-30 minutes . 
 simon approached the footprints and bent down to take a closer look . 
 he noted that one of footprints actually brushed the sidewall . 
 now on his knees , he looked closer at the wall where the shoe must have brushed , hoping to find a bit of leather against it . 
 unfortunately , there was nothing there except a tiny dark mark that might have been made from the sole of the shoe . 
 as he was about to get up a thought occurred to him . 
 with one finger he rubbed the mark and then brought it close to his nose . 
 after years of living in australia , there were several smells that simon could never forget ; one of them being the smell of eucalyptus . 
 simon , pleased by the recognisable smell , felt a mixture of fear and humour build within him . 
 fear that the european had once again found him . 
 humour that had started as a clever joke back in malaysia , turned out to help him . 
 realising how much he was in danger , simon decided to duck walk slowly to a nearby car and scan the area before standing up again . 
 once he was confident that there was nobody in sight , he stood up and briskly walked back into the house . 
 inside he found all of the family already up . 
 `` what did you buy ? '' 
 asked franca in italian referring to the plastic bags in simon 's hands . 
 `` i have decided to cook dinner for you tonight '' , replied simon also in italian . 
 `` and may i ask the chef what is on the menu ? '' 
 `` sorry franca . 
 that 's a surprise . '' 
 at that point beppe and luigi walked in . 
 after the initial morning greetings and small discussions about the snowfall , they all sat down for breakfast . 
 `` so simon , what are you planning to do today ? '' 
 asked luigi . 
 `` i was thinking of taking him to see the duomo and the museum , '' replied beppe with a wink in simon 's direction . 
 `` papa ' , i am sure that simon would prefer do other things , rather than hang around with a pensioner ! '' 
 added luigi whilst slapping simon on his back . 
 `` actually , i would love to see the duomo ! '' 
 added simon in an attempt to defend signor beppe . 
 `` very well . 
 simon make sure you rug up , as it 'll be cold today and more snowfalls are predicted '' , stated luigi as he left the table for work . 
 after simon and beppe helped franca clean up , they went back into the study . 
 `` signor beppe , the european was outside the house last night for approximately 25-30 minutes ! '' 
 stated simon feeling excited and scared by his discovery . 
 `` well done my young friend . 
 he was indeed outside . 
 he stood there for 20 minutes looking through his night vision binoculars . '' 
 simon instantly realised that in his calculation had forgotten that he had been running and his body would be radiating more heat than someone who was only walking . 
 `` signor beppe , how did you determine the time ? '' 
 asked simon curiously . 
 `` well , i used my hidden cameras to take a snapshot of anyone walking by . 
 then i faxed the photos to a friend , and this morning this fax was waiting for me '' , replied beppe with a smile . 
 `` what does it say ? '' 
 asked simon impatiently . 
 `` young simon , you must always come across as patient and calm . 
 this way your opponent will never be able to read your next move '' . 
 `` sorry . 
 i am finding it difficult to keep my emotions in check '' , apologised simon . 
 `` that 's ok . 
 you are ten times more controlled than i was at your age . 
 anyway , the so called european is actually russian born . 
 he escaped from russia via east berlin , where he was severely wounded by one of the german guards . 
 he would not have made it , if it was n't for a british spy who was also in the midst of an escape and took him to a british safe house . 
 after several weeks , the young russian recovered enough to be moved to another safe house in scotland . 
 initially the secret service thought that they would simply let the boy go . 
 however , the spy that saved the teenager had other plans . 
 after a few months of intense discussions between the head of the mi6 and the spy , the request to have the teenager trained by the british secret service was denied . 
 frustrated with the response from mi6 , the spy took the teenager to italy where he asked his own master to train him . '' 
 for a few minutes signor beppe looked at simon , letting him absorb the information . 
 `` signor beppe , you were the spy 's master ! '' 
 exclaimed simon . 
 `` yes , i was the master . 
 initially i agreed to train the teenager , but very quickly was able to see what convinced mi6 that this teenager was unsuitable ; he was completely driven by anger and took revenge on any person that stood in his way . '' 
 `` so what happened ? '' 
 `` well , initially i thought that i would be able to work through his anger . 
 we would often go for long walks and discuss his past . 
 boys seem to be more open with their emotions whilst walking . 
 anyway , over a few weeks , his responses changed from loud emotional outbursts , into soft spoken logical arguments . 
 after a while , i incorrectly thought that these so call whispers were a sign that he had resolved most of his issues . 
 as a spy he showed great skills . 
 in fact after 6 months he began assisting me on several freelance missions . 
 it was during this phase of his career that he started being called ` whisper ' by our adversaries . 
 stories began to circulate in the underworld that a new assassin was making his mark , and could only be identified by his soft spoken voice . '' 
 `` assassin ? 
 but i thought you told me that you never accepted assassination missions '' , questioned simon . 
 `` you are quite right . 
 unfortunately , whisper was still very angry at the world and he took it out on his victims . 
 he took any chance he could to eliminate any person in his way . 
 his killings were always brutal and caused a lot of pain to his victims '' . 
 simon could see the sadness in beppe 's eyes . 
 `` after a while i realised that not only did i fail , but i now trained a brutal killer . '' 
 `` so , what happened ? '' 
 `` i summoned my apprentice , who was the spy that originally brought the teenager , and asked him to eliminate whisper . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 simon asked completely stupefied . 
 `` simon , whisper was not only killing criminals that were involved with our missions , but also started venturing out at night to kill any person that carried out any criminal activity : pimps , thieves , drug dealers , loan sharks , and the list goes on . '' 
 `` so , did your apprentice accept ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he refused to take the life of such a young person . '' 
 `` what happened next ? '' 
 `` my son . '' 
 `` your son ? 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 `` after spending so many months training whisper , luca my son started getting jealous . 
 initially he thought that by working at my pharmacy he would spend more time with me , but after a while he learned that the pharmacy was simply a front . 
 he also learned that whisper was not just some orphan who i had brought into our home and given a job to at the pharmacy ; he was my apprentice in a world that my son saw as a great adventure . '' 
 `` and that is why your son asked you to also train him as a spy '' , mumbled simon . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` did whisper know this ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i think it was whisper who told luca of my second life . '' 
 `` did whisper get along with your kids ? '' 
 `` at the time , both my daughter and my oldest son were away at boarding school in milan . 
 so they only saw whisper on the odd occasion when they came back for long weekends and school holidays . 
 however , luca wanted to live at home and go to the local school and then university . 
 at the time we were also renting a different house as this one was getting rebuilt and , as it is heritage listed , it took several years to complete . 
 so whisper and luca spent a lot of time together . 
 luca looked up to whisper , almost as an older brother ; even if there was only 6 months difference in their ages . '' 
 `` sorry signor beppe , but you keep on referring to whisper by his codename . 
 what was his birth name ? '' 
 `` we do n't know . 
 i forgot to mention that the german guard shot whisper twice : the second bullet hitting the side of his head . 
 not enough to do any major damage , but enough to cause memory loss . 
 at first we thought of giving him a name , but my wife convinced me that the boy seemed to care about his identity , and we should respect that by simply referring to him as ` ragazzo ' -lrb- boy -rrb- '' . 
 `` so i gather that he never remembered his name . '' 
 `` i do n't think so , but we continued to use his nickname . '' 
 `` did you try to eliminate him ? ' 
 `` one day whisper took me to the top of a building and asked me to look into the scope of a high powered rifle mounted on a tripod . 
 when i looked inside , i saw the crosshairs of the scope resting on the forehead of a teenager eating an ice-cream with his girlfriend at a local ` gelateria ' . '' 
 `` luca ! '' 
 pre-empted simon . 
 `` yes . 
 whisper told me that he knew of my intentions and unless i retired immediately and ceased planning his killing , he would make me pay by eliminating my son . '' 
 `` so that was when you retired ? '' 
 `` yes and no . 
 i immediately realised that even if i retired , this assassin would still be freely operating and able to come back and take luca 's life anyway . 
 so , i tried to kill him then and there . '' 
 `` but , he is still alive . 
 did he overpower you ? '' 
 asked simon , as if he was a child asking questions about a horrible bedtime story . 
 signor beppe smiled indulgently . 
 `` you know simon , i was not always this old frail man . 
 during that period i was at my best . 
 although , whisper was great at unarmed combat , fortunately for me he never stood a chance . 
 the fight only lasted a few minutes , but by the end he was so beaten up that he was barely able to move . '' 
 `` i do n't understand ? '' 
 `` why if i overpowered him , is he still alive ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` because when it came to it , i could n't kill him . 
 so , i carried him downstairs and placed him in the boot of my car . 
 i then drove to the austrian border , where i rented a room in a nearby town . 
 i put him in it , cleaned him up as much as i could , and left him there . '' 
 `` but were n't you worried that he would come back for revenge ? '' 
 `` simon , children often misbehave . 
 when this happens , parents need to discipline them , without letting them forget that they are loved . 
 the outcome is that the child knows right from wrong , but does not feel betrayed and unloved by the parents . 
 i did the same with whisper . 
 i punished him for his misbehaviour , and afterward showed him that i still cared for him . '' 
 `` did you love him ? '' 
 `` like a son . 
 that is probably why i tried so hard to change his behaviour . '' 
 `` did you see whisper after that ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 a few weeks later i came home from work to find him sitting at the dinner table with the rest of the family . 
 afterwards we went for a walk , during which he wept and apologised . '' 
 `` and then ? '' 
 `` after that i convinced him to leave . 
 so , out of love , he decided to go abroad and make sure that i would never hear from him nor about his missions . 
 that evening he stayed with us and then left the following morning . '' 
 `` wow ! 
 that 's amazing ! '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i still can not believe that i have travelled half way around the world looking for my dad who is possibly a spy . 
 meanwhile i have ended up staying at the home of a master of spies . 
 not to mention that i have an assassin trying to kidnap me , that was trained by the same master . 
 have i missed anything ? '' 
 gasped simon whilst shaking his head in disbelief . 
 `` i know this is a lot to take in . 
 not to mention the fact that it makes your mission even more complex '' , answered signor beppe feeling guilty . 
 `` so what is the ` but ' ? '' 
 asked simon `` i am sorry i do n't follow you . '' 
 `` signor beppe , i was hoping that your answer would follow with a ` but ' something ? '' 
 smiled simon . 
 `` i see . 
 ` but ' we now know who is hunting you . 
 and , you have me to help you , which makes it two against one . 
 i also think i know where your father 's accommodation in treviso is '' , smiled beppe . 
 whisper travelled to the airport to meet his replacement . 
 earlier that morning he received a dossier on agent 5d . 
 the photo that was sent to him was of a young man . 
 according to the dossier , agent 5d 's father was a german banker and his mother was a lecturer of law at cambridge university . 
 agent 5d spent his first 13 years in berlin and then moved to england , where he had spent four years completing an engineering degree at the same university as where his mother taught . 
 getting into university to study engineering at the age of 14 , classified agent 5d as a gifted child . 
 agent 5d also qualified as a marksman during his service in the british army cadets . 
 he had a second dan in jujitsu and , in addition to his native languages german and english ; he also spoke french and latin . 
 it seemed that he first caught the eye of mi6 when he competed at the recent downhill skiing world championships where he came second . 
 according to the dossier , at the time of the championships , mi6 had agent 5d 's father on surveillance and that was when they had noted his son . 
 two months ago , steve -lrb- surname withheld -rrb- agreed to become agent 5d . 
 as whisper was contemplating the latest orders received , agent 5d walked out of the customs area . 
 he was a tall , blonde , slim built teenager . 
 wearing a blue pin-striped suit and looked like he had just walked out of an armani catalogue . 
 he had the posture of a ballroom dancer and an air of wealth . 
 whisper had mixed emotions about agent 5d and could not make up his mind if he liked him or not . 
 either way , whisper could not deny the fact that , although still surprised , he was now pleased to have been asked to train agent 5d as his apprentice . 
 at first whisper was going to introduce himself to the apprentice , however , at the last minute he decided to simply stand back and assess agent 5d . 
 the new agent coasted to the baggage carousal and patiently waited amongst the other passengers for his luggage . 
 he did not know what his trainer was going to look like and simply assumed that someone would approach him . 
 once he had collected his luggage , he looked around for a place to get himself a coffee . 
 unfortunately , all that was visible was a newsstand . 
 making the most of it , he decided to buy a local paper and see if he could pick up the language . 
 by the time he picked up the paper , most of the passengers from his flight had departed the terminal , leaving only a few tourists who all seemed to belong to a tour group . 
 in fact with the exception of himself and two other men , the remaining people were either on the tour , or appeared to be workers at the airport . 
 agent 5d , feeling somewhat exposed , decided to go and sit next to the tour group and attempt some general conversation . 
 whisper , watching the young agent , found himself bemused by his attempt to disguise himself as part of the tour group . 
 every other passenger was carrying several bags of luggage and wearing casual clothes . 
 most had heavy coats in preparation for an extended time in the italian winter , whilst agent 5d was only wearing the suit and carrying a backpack , which could have been carried onboard instead of checking it in . 
 whisper , now bored , decided to simply walk up to him . 
 `` i guess that this suit does make me stand out '' , stated agent 5d as he noticed whisper approaching him . 
 `` well , at least i can commend you for your taste in clothing '' , replied whisper whilst giving a hint of a smile . 
 `` you 've received my dossier ? '' 
 `` yes , i have it on me . '' 
 `` so , would you mind telling me what my mother 's middle name is ? '' 
 `` adele . '' 
 `` and who sent me ? '' 
 `` c '' `` great ! 
 i just wanted to make sure that i was talking to the right person as i was given no information about you . '' 
 `` ok . 
 let 's go , you have some work to do . '' 
 and with that , both agents walked to the airport car park without saying another word . 
 once in the car , whisper gave agent 5d a map of treviso and asked him to memorise it . 
 `` steve ! '' 
 agent 5d called out . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 whisper asked , unsure as to what prompted agent 5d to state his own name . 
 `` please refer to me as steve . 
 although i understand about keeping our identities unknown , i think that my first name is common enough not to pose a big risk . 
 in fact i would be more worried about someone overhearing me being referred to as agent 5d . '' 
 whisper completely agreed with him and often thought that the whole secret agent codename structure to be unnecessary . 
 whisper envied steve , who knew his birth name . 
 `` ok '' , replied whisper . 
 `` what do i call you ? '' 
 asked steve . 
 `` i do n't care '' , whispered his trainer . 
 `` do you have a name you go by ? '' 
 `` no . 
 in my line of work the name used by the agency is ` whisper ' . '' 
 `` whisper ? 
 i thought all agents used the number and letter code system . '' 
 ` not true . 
 only agents recruited by the agency are given a code . 
 freelancers are not . '' 
 `` you are a freelancer ? 
 freelancing for who ? '' 
 asked steve bewildered by this bit of information . 
 `` whoever pays me . '' 
 `` so , does that mean you would do work for both sides ? '' 
 `` both sides ? 
 i see , you think this is nato versus non-nato countries '' , whispered the agent with a smile . 
 `` no of course not ! 
 i realise that there are many criminal organisations in the world that the agency needs to worry about . 
 but if one of the terrorist cells or an underground criminal agency requests your service , does that mean that you would work for them ? '' 
 `` firstly , i do n't work for criminals . 
 secondly , you and i might have a different understanding of who a ` criminal ' is . 
 thirdly , there is more money in keeping oneself in the good books of major world powers , so i mostly work for governments and i go out of my way not to accept conflicting missions . 
 one day i might work for the british government versus russia , and the next vice versa . '' 
 `` and they are ok with it ? '' 
 `` no they are not . 
 but it is convenient for them . 
 you see , they never tell me anything that i do not need to know . 
 i only get asked to fix issues and i am not given any strategic work ; they approach me as a last resort . '' 
 `` i have to say that i am not comfortable with this . '' 
 `` i honestly do n't care how you feel . 
 but , if it makes you feel any better , consider me a lawyer ; only one party can be represented on a case , all information is kept in confidentiality , and i only get given small cases . '' 
 `` small cases ? '' 
 `` in the movies my main role would often be referred to as the ` cleaner ' . '' 
 `` as in an assassin ? '' 
 `` although , i often have to eliminate targets , the main focus is cleaning up the mess of other agents . '' 
 `` and does the agency employ many freelancers ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 only five that i know of . '' 
 `` and are they all used in the same manner as you ? '' 
 `` well , other than myself , the latest news is that only one other freelance agent is still alive . 
 however , he is now retired . '' 
 `` so , why would i be sent to you for my training ? 
 why not send me through the same training regime as other spies ? '' 
 `` that is the first good question that you have asked this morning . 
 i asked myself the same question . '' 
 and with that response both agents did not speak again until they reached the hotel . 
 simon was travelling as fast as the legal limit would allow him . 
 he could not believe that signor beppe , a random find in the paper , turned out to be such a great asset to find his father . 
 so far , signor beppe had proven to be a great mentor . 
 he was pleasant and informative , and he had a calming effect during a turbulent phase of simon 's life . 
 simon was still unsure how everything seemed to fall into place : the assistance by inspector lau , the malaysian pilot , the italian officer on the plane , and finding accommodation in the house of an old spymaster . 
 at any other time , simon would have taken a moment and slowed down to scrutinise the recent events . 
 however , right now none of it mattered as he was finally going to be reunited with his father . 
 they arrived at the caffe ' donati within minutes . 
 as simon stepped off the vespa , signor beppe held onto his arm to indicate that he would be taking the lead . 
 as they entered the caffe ' , the owner instantly greeted signor beppe with the standard `` buon giorno dottore '' . 
 signor beppe replied with a big smile and a slap on the back . 
 after a quick introduction to simon , he asked if they could have somewhere quiet where they could speak . 
 the owner looked around his caffe ' . 
 there were only a couple of pensioners playing `` scopa '' , a local italian card game . 
 he smiled at beppe and in italian asked `` is this quiet enough ? '' 
 joked the owner in italian . 
 `` do they ever go home ? '' 
 asked signor beppe referring to the pensioners who over the years had become part of the furniture . 
 `` do n't laugh beppe , you are not far off yourself '' , replied the owner with a smile . 
 the three of them sat down and giorgio , the owner , called out to one of his staff for three espresso coffees . 
 `` what brings you this early in the morning beppe ? '' 
 `` giorgio , do you still rent your room upstairs ? '' 
 `` beppe , that room has not been occupied since you last used it after getting drunk ten years ago . '' 
 `` that was not a proud moment '' , said beppe sheepishly . 
 `` young man , make sure you keep ` grappa ' away from beppe . 
 he has a real taste for it . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i thought he only drank coffee and water '' , stated simon jokingly . 
 `` well , ` grappa ' is blessed water '' , added giorgio with a smile . 
 `` giorgio , you are the most honest person that i know . 
 but i also know that unless i ask the exact question , you are not one to give away any information . '' 
 `` come , come beppe , you make me sound like a thief ! '' 
 smiled giorgio . 
 `` giorgio , lets not get into how you made your money to buy this caffe ' '' ' beppe returned a smile . 
 `` ok , ok , what else would you like to know ? '' 
 replied giorgio raising his hands as if to signal that he was giving up . 
 `` is the room upstairs being rented out to anyone ? '' 
 asked beppe , this time seriously . 
 `` no . 
 i have n't rented it for over 15 years . '' 
 simon , thinking for a second about the two answers whilst interrupted by the waiter bringing them the coffees , suddenly realised what should be asked next . 
 `` signor giorgio , you mentioned that you do n't rent the room but you let friends use it . 
 is there a friend of yours who is currently using the room , or the room is reserved for ? '' 
 `` i do n't understand why my old room is so important to you two '' , responded giorgio avoiding the question . 
 `` giorgio , the young man here has travelled the world to find his father . 
 until a few days ago simon thought his dad was dead . 
 unfortunately , he found out the truth from his mother on the same day that she told him she was dying . '' 
 giorgio 's face suddenly saddened . 
 `` young man , i am truly sorry about your mamma . 
 before i can be totally honest with you , i need to ask you a few questions . '' 
 `` sure ! '' 
 replied simon feeling a surge of hope growing within him . 
 `` what makes you think your papa ' is using the room upstairs ? '' 
 simon , seeing that signor beppe completely trusted giorgio , told him about the book that his dad had sent to his mum . 
 `` that 's a great book . 
 i , in fact , picked it for your papa . '' 
 simon wanted to say something but all he could sum up were tears . 
 giorgio and beppe , knowing what this meant , sat quietly allowing simon time to recompose . 
 `` is my dad in town ? '' 
 asked simon still struggling to stop the tears . 
 `` no . 
 but he was here a week ago . '' 
 `` would you know when he is coming back ? '' 
 `` he is not coming back . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i am sorry but he called last night to let me know that he suspects that this location has been compromised . '' 
 `` did he tell you where he was calling from ? '' 
 asked beppe `` no . 
 beppe you should know better than to ask that question . '' 
 replied giorgio , surprised that such a question came from his friend . 
 `` giorgio , i was hoping that simon 's father would have at least left a lead for his family to find him , because right now they have a book that leads to a dead end . '' 
 `` sorry beppe , i forgot about your history with . '' 
 giorgio commenced before being interrupted by a stern stare from beppe `` history with who or what ? '' 
 asked simon alerted by the interruption . 
 `` simon , i will answer you in due time , but right now we need to determine where your papa is '' replied beppe `` ok . 
 giorgio , did my dad leave a clue to his current location ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 he said that his run had come to an end , and that next time he would see me , would be for a social occasion . '' 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 `` actually he did say something that was a tad weird . 
 he said that he could finally have his dream honeymoon . '' 
 `` dream honeymoon ! 
 what does he mean by that ? '' 
 asked simon `` i am not sure , '' replied giorgio `` giorgio , could we see the room upstairs ? '' 
 asked beppe after a moment of silence . 
 `` sure , you know where to go . '' 
 simon thanked giorgio , and then followed beppe through a door behind the bar that leads to a set of stairs . 
 at the top of the stairs there was a corridor that gave access to several doors . 
 beppe walked to the middle door , and signalled simon to lead the way into the bedroom . 
 the room was comprised of a single bed , a desk located near the only window , a closet and a small sink . 
 whilst simon stood silently in the centre of the room staring at the bed , beppe checked the closet and the desk for any clues that might have been left behind . 
 `` you know signor beppe , this is the closest i have been to my dad in a very long time , '' said simon silently . 
 `` do n't worry , i promise that i will help you find your papa if it 's the last thing that i do . '' 
 `` signor beppe , why did n't you tell me that you knew my dad ? '' 
 asked simon still staring at the bed . 
 `` i am sorry . 
 but i thought that telling you this was not going to help . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` well , when you first told me about your father , you were still frightened from your kidnapping attempt . 
 i was worried that if i told you that i had trained your father , you might have been spooked by the coincidence and made a run for it . '' 
 simon never responded , they now both just sat on the side of the bed looking out the window at the piazza below . 
 after a few minutes simon spoke . 
 `` you are probably right . 
 in fact i am still worried about all the fortunate events that have led me to this point . 
 if i was n't so desperate to find my father , i would think it was all a setup . '' 
 `` i ` ve also been thinking about this . 
 i do n't believe in coincidences , someone wanted you to find me . '' 
 `` but how ? '' 
 `` well , your family friend in malaysia gave you equipment that is virtually impossible to find outside the spy world . 
 the plane flight was initially supposed to land in germany and head back , but it was diverted to italy to an airport near treviso . 
 on the flight to treviso you met an italian officer who was very helpful and , after giving you a newspaper with local accommodation advertisement , suggested that you stay in a pensione . '' 
 `` that 's true . 
 but that does not explain why i picked yours out of all of the accommodation available . '' 
 `` i can . 
 until the day before you called , i had another man staying with us . 
 one evening he came back and told us that he had apparently won first prize in a raffle he had entered back in england and that his family had only just noticed the letter . 
 as the prize was a 3 month holiday around europe departing milan the next day , he had to leave that night . 
 the following day i re-advertised the room . 
 when franca read the paper , she noticed that the paper had made a mistake , and gave us the largest size advertisement . 
 and the ad was placed first in the listing , even though alphabetically we should have appeared somewhere in the middle . '' 
 `` signor beppe , i have to admit that you were the first and only place i called , but someone else could have beaten me to it . '' 
 `` yes , i thought about that as well . 
 someone could have simply tapped our phone to ensure that all calls received a busy tone with the exception of your call . 
 all it would have then taken was for someone to follow you , and then call the tapping agent when you made your call . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 although it does sound a bit far fetched , '' stated simon sceptically . 
 `` welcome to the spy world ! '' 
 `` does that mean , that in addition to the people wanting to kidnap me , there is someone wanting me to find my dad ? 
 i do n't know which is worse . '' 
 `` the two groups could be one and the same . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 how can someone want me to succeed and fail at the same time ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , and i 'm not saying that there are n't two separate groups of people either . '' 
 `` signor beppe , i 'd appreciate it if you could fill me in about what you know about my dad . '' 
 `` it 's funny how life plays out ! 
 yesterday i agreed to train the son of one of my previous students . '' 
 `` you taught my dad to be a spy ? '' 
 asked simon stupefied by the news . 
 `` your papa had amazing qualities that allowed him to be the perfect spy . 
 his ability to thrive in such a risky career was unbelievable to say the least . 
 i did n't train your papa ; i merely gave him confidence in his own abilities . '' 
 `` so my dad is a freelance spy like you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 although your papa initially worked for me , he only accepted missions which aided his homeland . '' 
 `` england ! '' 
 stated simon `` yes . 
 after a few years , the british secret service asked your papa to become a full-time agent for them . '' 
 `` wow ! 
 my dad is an mi6 agent ! '' 
 simon proudly said to himself . 
 `` yes and no . 
 at the time mi6 were worried about a spy within their organisation . 
 so , when they recruited your father , they decided to keep him a secret within the mi6 . 
 in fact only a handful of directors knew of your father , and only two of them knew who he was . 
 however , in order to keep him a secret , they decided to have your father remain a freelancer . 
 your father , as part of his freelancing image , in addition to mi6 missions had to also undertake ` other ' missions . 
 needless to say that the ` other ' jobs had to be cleared by mi6 first . 
 fortunately for your father , freelancing work did make him a lot of money . '' 
 `` when was the last time you saw my dad ? '' 
 `` your father used to visit me two to three times a year . 
 that was until he met your mother . 
 the day he met her he called me and informed me that he was quitting . 
 he knew that one day he would place his loved ones at risk . 
 as i was a link to his life as a spy , he could no longer visit me . 
 several years later , one of my mi6 contacts informed me that your father had died . 
 one of the saddest moments in my life . '' 
 `` although many years have passed , i still have nightmares about the funeral '' added simon remembering the sense of loss he had experienced . 
 `` as do i. i was at the funeral . 
 i remember looking at you sitting next to your mother and thinking how much you looked like your father . 
 i so wanted to come and meet you , but i did n't know how to introduce myself . '' 
 `` i have no intention of following in my dad 's footsteps . 
 i am grateful for what you 're teaching me , but i only intend to use these skills to evade my pursuer , and hopefully find my dad . '' 
 `` it 's the only reason why i have offered to help you . 
 the idea of training another spy would simply re-open old wounds . '' 
 `` i just realised something else . 
 the spy who brought you the teenager rescued from the berlin wall , was in fact my dad ! 
 and now that teenager is using all of the skills you taught him to kidnap me , '' accused simon . 
 `` i am so sorry . '' 
 `` by any chance are there any other spies who you ` ve trained and i should be aware of ? '' 
 smiled simon feeling guilty about his previous accusation `` fortunately not ! '' 
 replied signor beppe with a smile understanding what simon was attempting to do . 
 `` ok . 
 so , we now need to understand if my dad did in fact leave a clue as to his whereabouts . '' 
 `` my sixth sense twitched when i heard the mention of the honeymoon , '' stated beppe looking expectantly at simon `` before i left malaysia , mum mentioned a place my dad wanted to show her . 
 he told her that it was a place many italians go to for their honeymoons , and that it 's not frequented by many tourists . '' 
 `` i am sorry to say , there are many places that your father might have been referring to . 
 in this region alone i can think of about 50 such places . '' 
 `` he did also mention that it was somewhere in central italy , and that the town was surrounded by the walls of a castle . 
 he also told my mum that unfortunately it would mean long drives to see the sea . '' 
 `` ok . 
 now we are getting somewhere . 
 anything else ? 
 there are several castle towns in central italy . '' 
 `` yes ! 
 he made a joke about skyscrapers of the 13th century . '' 
 and with that response signor beppe burst into loud laughter . 
 `` your papa had a unique way of seeing things . 
 my dear young apprentice , your father was referring to san gimignano . '' 
 `` i ` ve never heard of it . '' 
 `` it is a beautiful town built on a hill not far from siena . 
 the town is enveloped by a castle wall and is unique by the numerous towers built over the years . 
 from memory i think the towers were built to assist with the internal battles . 
 i can see how your father might have thought of them as skyscrapers of the 13th century , as they are very close to one another . '' 
 `` what is the best way to get there ? '' 
 `` via road . '' 
 `` ok , then i ` ll leave immediately . '' 
 `` not a good idea . 
 we still have to make sure that you are not followed . 
 you 'll also need a map . '' 
 once steve dropped his bag at the hotel , he and whisper travelled to a nearby car rental place , and hired two motorcycles . 
 as steve did not have a car license he had to settle for a vespa , whilst whisper rented a powerful honda . 
 steve , armed with a photo of simon , was then told to go and scout out one of the two accommodations where whisper had been the previous night . 
 steve was also instructed to simply follow simon . 
 whisper then proceeded to the second accommodation . 
 simon and beppe entered the house via the back door and immediately raced upstairs . 
 once upstairs , beppe used the maps that they had just purchased to show the two routes they would use to go to san gimignano . 
 the plan would be for beppe to make sure simon would not be followed when he left . 
 simon would take the longer of the two routes , giving beppe time to arrive first at their destination . 
 beppe could then ensure that no agent was setting a trap . 
 once packed , they went downstairs and said goodbye to franca under the pretence of a boys ' week away . 
 franca , knowing too well not to ask questions about her father-in-law 's adventures , simply told them to have fun . 
 steve arrived at the house excited about his first mission as a secret agent . 
 he was not too pleased about being assigned to an assassin , but he was sure that mi6 had a valid reason for the decision . 
 he stopped his scooter at the front of the house and decided to squat next to it . 
 his intention was to make it look like his bike had broken down and he was trying to fix it . 
 after a while , he decided to take a walk and see if the house had a back entrance . 
 simon walked outside with beppe and helped him pack his bag into the car . 
 signor beppe owned a white bmw 525i . 
 although the car would have stood out in malaysia , in italy it seemed to be fairly common . 
 steve , standing at the opposite side of the street , immediately identified simon . 
 he witnessed the teenager help the older man with his bag and say his goodbyes . 
 steve speed dialled whisper who responded before the first ring was complete . 
 `` found him ! '' 
 exclaimed triumphantly steve . 
 `` great , i am on my way ! '' 
 `` he 's leaving ! '' 
 steve felt exuberant . 
 he wanted to prove to whisper that he could easily overtake simon . 
 `` ok . 
 just follow him . '' 
 `` i can take him now ! '' 
 `` no ! 
 just follow him ! 
 acknowledge ? '' 
 whisper shouted into his hands-free mobile as he sped down the street towards steve 's location . 
 however , instead of responding , steve feeling confident that this would be child 's play , made the decision to take the target now . 
 his plan was to knock simon unconscious and , most likely , the old man as well . 
 he would close the house gate so that no passer by would be witness to this . 
 he would then tie both of them and move them into the house , where hopefully there would be nobody else , and if there were he would take them out as well . 
 simon proceeded to start his vespa , whilst scrutinizing outside of the gate . 
 he noticed a teenager crossing the road . 
 he was wearing a suit , which in itself was out of place , but there was also something else peculiar about him . 
 however , simon was concerned about whisper and decided to ignore the alarm going off in his head . 
 he released the clutch and slowly made his way through the courtyard towards the gate . 
 as he approached the gate , he surprised himself by thinking that the teenager 's suit looked of british cut . 
 steve , trying to act as casual as possible , moved to the entrance of the gate attempting to look lost . 
 he waved simon down asking for his assistance . 
 simon , was feeling uncomfortable , all sorts of alarms going off in his head , as he noticed the teenager waving him down . 
 steve realised that he needed to strike quickly ; the old man was now also walking towards the gate at a fast pace . 
 steve 's move was swift and without warning , but somehow simon instinctively lifted his arm to block the kick from the teenager . 
 however , the impact of the kick was sufficient to knock him off the bike . 
 simon was not going to give his assailant another opportunity to strike . 
 he extended his right leg connecting his heel with knee of the well dressed teenager . 
 steve , feeling his knee giving way , went with the fall and simply rolled across the gravel back onto his feet . 
 as steve regained balance from the roll , he swung his right arm and drove his fist towards simon who was flipping onto his feet . 
 the punch connected with his cheekbone , but had minimal impact on simon , as his reflexes were quick enough for him to change direction of his body , and carry out a backward summersault in the direction of the punch . 
 steve , surprised by the change of direction , took a few quick steps to close the distance between the two of them , before simon could retreat any further . 
 simon , once again changed direction of travel , took a step forward and drove his right foot in a roundhouse style towards the assailant 's face . 
 steve , taken by surprise by simon 's aggressive manoeuvre , had little time to react and simply managed to place his right hand in front of his face in the hope to provide some cushioning from the impact . 
 this was not enough , the impact of the kick transferred through his hand and onto his face , resulting in a strong pain to his right temple . 
 trying to regain momentum , steve dropped to one knee whilst kicking the other leg up towards simon 's crotch . 
 steve , satisfied by the kick , proceeded to drive a hook punch with his right arm but missed as simon dropped . 
 simon 's advantage was then instantly lost as steve 's foot came up towards the crotch region , which instinctively made both of simon 's hands come down in order to protect himself . 
 steve , realising that his kick would not have the desired affect , instantly let himself fall completely to the ground , thus allowing him to use the other leg to kick simon 's knee . 
 simon never had a chance to react and felt his knee collapsing beneath him . 
 as he hit the ground , all of the oxygen was expelled from simon 's lungs . 
 before he could take a breath , a second blow connected with his stomach , making simon gasp for air whilst losing his senses . 
 steve , having the upper hand again , flipped himself onto his feet before simon could get up . 
 he then kicked simon in the ribs . 
 steve was determined to cause as much damage as he could , before the old man could come to his opponent 's aid . 
 he managed to kick simon a few more times both to the face and the ribs . 
 beppe 's arrival could not have been better timed ; he threw his whole weight onto the assailant , thus spoiling the kick that would have most likely knocked simon unconscious . 
 steve was prepared to counter attack the old man , but beppe 's change of pace in the last few steps had taken him by surprise . 
 the blow caused by the old man 's tackle made steve fall on top of simon . 
 simon , now completely winded , was unable to summon the energy required to stand up . 
 both beppe and steve used the momentum of the fall to roll forward onto their feet . 
 steve , realising that he had underestimated the old man , decided to attempt to neutralise his new adversary before returning back to simon . 
 steve and beppe quickly closed in , whilst throwing a barrage of punches at each other . 
 every punch was blocked and retaliated with another punch . 
 although steve was able to block every single punch , he was unable to have any of his blows find a target . 
 simon , now finally feeling air flowing back into his lungs , stood up . 
 during the ongoing barrage of blows between steve and beppe , the pair had managed to slowly move away from the gate and towards the back door of the house . 
 `` just go ! '' 
 beppe shouted as he ducked another punch . 
 `` hold on ! 
 i 'm coming ! '' 
 responded simon as he struggled to regain his balance . 
 it was then that beppe managed to grip both of steve 's hands . 
 he pulled his opponent towards himself , and managed to head-butt steve . 
 steve felt himself faint . 
 `` stick to the plan simon ! 
 i 'll be ok ! ' 
 called out beppe now standing over steve who had collapsed to the ground . 
 simon , surprised by beppe 's fighting skills , fought against his urges to go to the rescue . 
 he immediately picked up his vespa which still had the motor running and took off through the gate . 
 steve was quickly regaining consciousness . 
 he took advantage of the fact that the old man was distracted by simon 's departure and kicked his legs with all of his available strength . 
 beppe , angry with himself for being distracted , could not do anything but simply throw his arms back to reduce the impact of the fall . 
 steve , aware that he had no time to waste , took a second kick aimed at the chest of his opponent . 
 he was hoping that it would wind the old man and allow him enough time to break away from the fight and chase his primary target . 
 beppe saw the second kick , but was unable to react as he was still falling . 
 the little oxygen that beppe had left in his lungs , after steve 's foot had connected with his chest , was expelled as he fell to the ground . 
 steve started running towards his vespa , not caring to check if the second kick had had its desired affect . 
 within a minute , he was on his scooter and in pursuit of simon . 
 steve , was aware of the distance simon would have already gained , and quickly switched on his global positioning system tracking device , to determine the best way to catch up to his target . 
 whisper , frustrated by the lack of discipline shown by his trainee , found himself wishing that he could swap the two teenagers . 
 he had been very impressed by simon 's composure . 
 as whisper reached the front of beppe 's home he received a phone call from steve . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 yelled whisper feeling exasperated by his trainee . 
 `` i 'm in pursuit . '' 
 `` does he know he is being followed ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i have a tracking device on him . '' 
 `` what happened at the house ? '' 
 `` i had him , but someone else intervened . '' 
 `` what ? 
 an accomplice ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i think he was his host . 
 i have taken care of it . '' 
 `` ok . 
 do n't let yourself be seen . 
 keep your distance . '' 
 `` why ? 
 i can take him . '' 
 `` do n't be a fool . 
 you are on a scooter and the streets are busy . 
 once you have him , how do you intend to carry him without being seen ? '' 
 `` ok . 
 i 'll just follow him from a distance '' replied steve , although had no intention of doing so - it was a matter of pride . 
 `` i 'll head back to the rental company and pick up a van . 
 i 'll find my way to you and we 'll plan the kidnapping for tonight , '' instructed whisper feeling himself gaining some control over his student . 
 `` roger . '' 
 `` out ! '' 
 simon felt adrenalin flowing through his body . 
 he could also feel twinges of pain that seem to contribute to the exhilaration and driving him to accelerate . 
 simon finally managed to get onto the a27 freeway that he would take south before veering west onto the a4 to milano . 
 once there , he would again veer south onto the a35 towards san gimignano . 
 simon had no awareness that steve was only one metre behind him . 
 chapter 5 -- flight or fight the vespa gts 250 was travelling at its maximum speed of 120 km/h on the freeway , when simon first saw the other teenager in his rear-view mirror . 
 he guessed that the other vespa , which was the same model as his , was catching up , must have undergone some modifications . 
 simon knew he would be unable to outrun his opponent , so he immediately took the next exit , taking him towards a town called forlani . 
 when he reached the end of the exit he took two quick turns in an attempt to lose his pursuer . 
 as he travelled down via forlani he kept checking in the rear vision mirror . 
 feeling satisfied that he lost his tail , simon decided to take the next left , which would allow him to eventually re-enter the freeway further south . 
 simon was looking at the oncoming traffic and was shocked to recognise the bike quickly approaching from the opposite direction . 
 simon instantly veered off the road down a dirt track . 
 within minutes steve entered the same track . 
 the track was still partly covered with snow whilst the rest was mostly mud , with the odd rock or ditch . 
 simon managed to keep his bike moving forward at high speeds , whilst utilising the lack of traction to assist in drifting the vespa around corners . 
 steve , not having ridden a bike before today , kept driving as fast as he could , but was barely keeping up . 
 both bikes received several beatings from the snow-covered potholes . 
 as simon approached a corner , he suddenly noticed that he had arrived at a dead end . 
 without hesitating he drove off the track into a paddock . 
 steve , now only seconds behind , reacted to the dead end by instinctively applying the brakes . 
 this was a mistake as the bike slid underneath him . 
 although the bike fell on its side , steve managed to stand on its side whilst it slid across the mud with one of the handles acting as a brake . 
 as the bike slid into a natural gutter caused by years of land corrosion , the tyres jammed and caused the bike to jack back up . 
 steve , holding onto the opposite handlebar and using the upward momentum , landed back on the seat . 
 he then dropped down a gear , which gave the bike a forward push . 
 steve was satisfied that he had regained control of the bike , but the distance simon had gained frustrated him . 
 simon , now back on a sealed road , proceeded to head back to the freeway . 
 once there , he kept the throttle at maximum speed . 
 after 30 minutes on the freeway , to simon 's frustration , he again saw the motorbike in his rear view mirror . 
 it was then that simon decided that `` flight '' was not an option when your opponent had a faster motorbike , so quickly decided to find a suitable place to `` fight '' . 
 simon saw the exit to mestre , an industrial city near venice . 
 he turned left and travelled down via castellana . 
 once again his pursuer was hot on his tail . 
 as simon rode the bike down a set of footpath stairs , he noticed a tiny magnetic disc attached to the rear side panel of his bike . 
 wasting no time , simon grabbed what he assumed to be the homing device that was allowing his pursuer to keep track of him . 
 he threw it ahead of him so that he could ride over it and smash it . 
 twenty kilometres away , whisper saw the tracking marker disappear from his portable gps device . 
 as simon reached the next junction , steve appeared from a side street and attempted to knock him off the bike by side swiping him . 
 but simon was able to use his left foot to push his opponent 's motorbike onto the opposite side of the road and in front of an oncoming tractor . 
 steve accelerated the vespa and moved himself to the far left of the road , barely missing the oncoming traffic and scanned the traffic ahead for a gap that would allow him to reengage . 
 unexpectedly he found himself side swiped by simon that threw him off balance , forcing him to drive onto the footpath where many locals were walking . 
 at 90 km/h , steve barely managed to miss the pedestrians , instead hitting vacant chairs outside the cafés . 
 whisper , following a tracking device placed on steve 's motorbike , took the mestre exit . 
 simon knew he could not afford to let his opponent take back the initiative . 
 spotting a cross junction ahead he took advantage of the fact that there were no obstacles immediately in front of him . 
 he accelerated causing the bike to momentarily go into a ` mono ' . 
 the leap of speed gained an advantage of a couple of metres . 
 steve , who was still on the footpath , hit an intersection . 
 simon swiped him again , forcing the both of them to skid left in order to miss a bakery located on the opposite corner . 
 the two riders quickly regained control and found themselves travelling towards a construction site . 
 both riders maintained a close proximity , whilst attempting to plant blows using both their feet and their fists . 
 as they reached the end of the street , the two vespas failed to turn at the t-junction and progressed through a gate , which was meant to keep people out of the construction site . 
 mestre had recently undergone an industrial boom and its port had been expanded to take additional cargo ships . 
 one of the companies that did well from this economic boom was teltrec shipping . 
 the company had offices in several major ports in france , germany and england . 
 it had recently decided to build its new state of the art european headquarters in italy . 
 the site chosen was going to be a forty story building near the port of mestre . 
 currently the building looked like a coal mine . 
 the foundation covered a hundred metres in diameter and dropped 40 metres below ground level . 
 the foundation was so wide and deep that it had a double lane road spiralling around the perimeter . 
 this allowed easy access for large digging machinery to get to its base . 
 steve and simon , entrenched in their own battle , failed to see the warning signs . 
 they also ignored the site workers who tried to warn them of the danger ahead . 
 the two bikes suddenly disappeared as they dropped into the hole . 
 fortunately , the sidewalls of the foundation had a 30-degree incline thus preventing the two riders from free falling to the bottom . 
 both riders panicked , but managed to maintain their balance by leaning back as far as possible on their vespas . 
 they both travelled at great speed down the dirt walls of the foundation . 
 within seconds , they recommenced their attack by using the bodies of the bikes to throw each other off balance . 
 as they travelled down , they regularly crossed the access road . 
 as steve hit the road for the second time , he took the opportunity to gently apply his rear brakes and slide the back of the bike underneath him . 
 the vespa slid completely to the ground with its left side dragging through the dirt . 
 it slowed down somewhat , but not enough to stop . 
 steve took advantage of this action by sliding the rear wheel of his vespa to swipe simon 's bike from underneath him . 
 simon instinctively let his bike also slide on its side and placed all of his weight onto his right leg . 
 he then used the handle of the accelerator grip to lift himself up onto the bike into a surfing position . 
 the two bikes along with their two surfing riders , locked together as they slid further down towards the base . 
 simon and steve , both balancing on the sides of their bikes , locked into close combat . 
 each opponent used a mixture of holds , feints , punches , and kicks in an attempt to wear the other down . 
 the bikes found a section of the wall where the angle increased into a short free fall . 
 the bikes disappeared underneath their feet and both fighters held their breath in anticipation for the crash that would follow . 
 when the bikes hit the dirt again , they momentarily stopped in place . 
 the two teenagers , now off balance but still holding onto each other , hit their bikes hard . 
 they cried out in pain as various metal components collided with their ribs and thighs . 
 the force generated by their two bodies colliding with their bikes caused the dirt beneath them to dislodge . 
 they instantly recommenced the fast slide down the steep incline . 
 the boys , now in pain , momentarily let go of each other to grab onto their sliding bikes . 
 they found themselves being dragged . 
 their bodies suddenly were sliding through the dirt with one arm holding onto their vespa and the other grabbing their opponent . 
 not wanting to lose any opportunities , both combatants used their free legs to kick at each other . 
 after a few well-placed kicks , simon and steve let go of one another to protect their now much bruised ribs . 
 using their free hand , they were now able to strike blows using their fists and elbows . 
 the bikes reached the access road once again . 
 the change in angle caused them to bounce off the road twice like a rock being thrown across a lake . 
 this caused both riders to be winded . 
 the first bounce had lifted them into the air and , due to the anchoring of their spare arm , they were flipped onto their backs on top of their bikes . 
 both riders now exhausted from the physical battering lay on their backs and held on for dear life . 
 simon noticed that the base of the foundation was fast approaching . 
 steve , also seeing the end approaching , let his body relax in the hope to regain some energy and hopefully have the upper hand once the fight recommenced . 
 simon , knowing that his body could not sustain the battering much longer , looked for a getaway . 
 as the bikes bounced off the access road for the last time , he swung his foot towards his opponent making steve duck quickly . 
 using the moment of distraction , simon pushed on his other leg to detach himself from the bike . 
 the action proved to be effective as he landed on the access road only centimetres away from the final incline . 
 steve 's realised simon 's intent too late . 
 hearing the engine of one of the vespas still running , steve quickly decided that his best option would be to continue the ride to the bottom , and then use the bike to chase simon who was now on foot . 
 simon quickly jumped to his feet and chased a truck that was slowly making its way up the access road . 
 within moments simon had managed to grab onto the truck and climb onto its load of rocks . 
 at the same time , steve was attempting to regain control of his bike before the sliding came to a stand still . 
 he quickly identified that it was simon 's bike that still had the motor running . 
 he jumped across to the other bike and put all his weight onto the protruding pedal whilst using all of his strength to pull on the visible handle bar . 
 the action proved to be effective as the bike instantly heaved back up onto its wheels . 
 steve , with the agility of a gymnast , swung back into the seat and accelerated . 
 the vespa managed to get a grip on the dirt and sped up the slope . 
 satisfied that the manoeuvre worked , he accelerated towards the access road in pursuit . 
 simon , felt somewhat deflated after witnessing his opponent 's skills . 
 shaking the sense of defeat aside , he quickly again found himself choosing between `` fight or flight '' . 
 he could wait for his opponent and face another fight , or he could jump into the driver 's cabin in an attempt to gain control of the truck and flee . 
 `` simon , never show fear to a predator as it will give it the confidence to attack '' simon heard his dad say in his thoughts . 
 `` great dad ! 
 i do n't think this guy knows what fear is ! '' 
 simon called out in attempt to lighten his hopeless situation . 
 steve kept the bike at full throttle and , having now perfected the art of drifting around the corners of the dirt road , very quickly caught up to the truck . 
 he was surprised to see his opponent standing on top of the gravel waiting for him . 
 steve was exhilarated by the challenge of overpowering such a persistent opponent . 
 he took a leap from the vespa , grabbing with both hands onto a sidebar of the truck , and then used his legs to spring onto the back of the truck . 
 before steve managed to find his balance on the moving gravel , a rock struck his head knocking him unconscious . 
 simon made sure he had not killed him . 
 satisfied that the opponent was still ok , he climbed to the back of the truck and waited for it to slow down at the exit point , which was only a few metres ahead . 
 once he jumped off , he ignored the workers yelling at him for trespassing and waved down a taxi . 
 `` dove ? '' 
 -lrb- where ? -rrb- 
 asked the taxi driver . 
 `` la stazione '' replied simon . 
 simon arrived at the train station and was glad that he had not lost his backpack during the fight . 
 he decided to take advantage of the 15 minutes before the train for milan departed to buy himself some new clothes at a nearby shop . 
 the shop attendant , seeing the teenager covered in dirt and marked by spots of blood , was initially unsure if she should serve the customer or call the police . 
 simon , understanding what the shop attendant must have been thinking , quickly explained that he had tried to help a girl being hit by her boyfriend , when suddenly they both turned on him . 
 the girl immediately felt sorry for him and offered the staff bathroom to clean up . 
 whisper arrived at the construction site and immediately drove his rented car down the access road . 
 none of the workers were perturbed by the intrusion as they assumed that he was one of the foremen checking up on them . 
 as whisper drove down he noticed a vespa leaning on the side . 
 once he confirmed that there was nobody lying next to it , he continued to the bottom of the foundation that was where the tracking device was indicating steve and , hopefully , simon were situated . 
 when he found the other motorbike and failed to see either of the teenagers , he approached a local worker to ask where the motorbike had come from . 
 he was told of the fight that had occurred a few minutes earlier and how the workers had watched the two boys who had ended up on the back of a truck . 
 the workers could not tell if the boys had gotten off at the top of the access road , as they could not see it from the base . 
 whisper thanked them and , realising that they believed him to be one of their managers , informed them that he would go to the police to report the incident . 
 whisper was angry and drove back to the entrance at high speed whilst attempting to call steve on his mobile . 
 steve was woken by the sound of his mobile ringing . 
 `` hi '' said steve into his mobile . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 shouted his master . 
 `` on the back of a truck travelling though the centre of mestre . '' 
 `` get off and call me with a street address . 
 i 'm coming to get you ! ' 
 steve did n't get the chance to respond as whisper simply hung up . 
 steve then proceeded to get the truck driver 's attention . 
 on the train simon , feeling somewhat refreshed by the quick `` bird-bath '' and a set of new clothes , allowed himself to relax . 
 simon 's stomach grumbled . 
 he decided to take the opportunity to have a quiet bite in the restaurant carriage and send an update to his mum , inspector lau , and signor beppe . 
 after a rushed lunch , simon received a reply back from his mum informing him that she was still fine and she was very proud of him . 
 he also received a phone call from signor beppe , who wanted to know what had happened after the initial confrontation in treviso . 
 at the time of the call , signor beppe was on the e70 heading south . 
 although whisper and steve were not aware of the phone call between simon and his mentor , they knew exactly where beppe was . 
 `` just as well you thought to place a tracking device on his host 's car '' stated whisper , although still feeling frustrated by his young apprentice . 
 `` when the old man showed his amazing fighting skills , i had the feeling that he was no ordinary host and that he might be helping our friend '' , replied steve , aware of his master 's anger . 
 `` an old man who is able to overpower a younger and stronger fighter . 
 it is hard to believe '' , said whisper to himself . 
 `` and our target somehow has managed to find himself a place at the old guy 's home . 
 talk about luck ! '' 
 added steve . 
 `` my young friend , there is one lesson that you need to learn very fast . 
 in this line of work there are no coincidences and there is no luck . 
 it is simply planning and risk management . '' 
 `` what ? 
 are you saying that simon finding accommodation with a highly skilled pensioner in a country where he has never been , where he knows nobody , was ` planning ' and not coincidence ? '' 
 asked steve bewildered by what he had just heard . 
 `` absolutely ! 
 you are forgetting that although simon may not have planned it , it may have been part of someone else 's plan . '' 
 and with that , both agents secluded themselves into their own thoughts . 
 the train arrived in milan on schedule . 
 simon was taken by surprise by the beautiful architecture of the old train station - its size , the grandiose overarching cover , and the large fleet of bullet trains left simon breathless . 
 simon walked outside the station and caught a taxi to the nearest motorbike dealer . 
 as the taxi travelled through the city , simon allowed himself to admire the amazing sites . 
 he felt fortunate that the drive took him by the duomo and the galleria . 
 he asked the driver which model motorbike he could rent without a car licence but could provide great speed . 
 the driver suggested a few models and asked where he wanted to go . 
 simon lied and stated that he would use it to travel around italy for the next two months . 
 the taxi driver thought about it for a few moments and then offered to sell him an old motorbike that he had in his garage . 
 although , the motorbike was a kawasaki 750 purchased in the early 80s , it still had a great engine able to reach over 200 km/h . 
 simon initially declined as he did not have a car licence and was unable to legally drive such a large motorbike . 
 to simon 's surprise , the taxi driver replied that he had a friend who for 200 euros could also provide him a fake licence . 
 an hour later , simon was once again heading south towards san gimignano on a metallic dark green bike that was running beautifully and looked well maintained . 
 contrary to the vespa that reached a top speed of 122 km/h , the kawasaki was easily able to travel at the same speed as the rest of the traffic . 
 although he was now sitting on 140 km/h , he felt safer than on the vespa , as he no longer had to worry about trucks coming too close to his rear wheel before overtaking him . 
 simon was exited about the next leg of the trip as he was heading past the famous `` cinque terre '' and the famous sea town of portofino . 
 beppe arrived at san gimignano first . 
 unable to drive into town as no vehicles were allowed , he found himself a private car park on the outer perimeter of the town wall . 
 as he walked into the centre he knew that simon 's father had had plastic surgery since the last time they had seen each other and he would need to rely on other characteristics to recognise him . 
 beppe was also very excited that after all these years he was finally going to see him . 
 he walked to the centre of the town , randomly dropping into souvenir shops in order to come across as a tourist . 
 he quickly purchased a map and considered possible locations where he would live , if he had to hide in this town . 
 he made a short list of four locations which he would visit using a cover story that he was trying to locate the apartment which he had rented for his holidays . 
 firstly , he would have a coffee and get some information about the locals . 
 there was an art to this and beppe was certainly a master at it . 
 after the first coffee beppe learned that most of the locals were either retirees or people who worked in town . 
 of the retirees only one was questionable . 
 this gentleman was a farmer that sold his farm somewhere east , and bought an apartment in town . 
 he also had some land to the south , which he leased to an adjacent farm . 
 this information was freely given by a young waitress called kiara , who thought beppe reminded her of her grandfather . 
 of the information attained , beppe 's ears pricked up when kiara described this retiree , as a very attractive and well educated gentleman with well manicured hands . 
 she went on to say that she and the other two waitresses always looked forward to him coming for his morning coffee . 
 his striking blue eyes and friendly smile made him a pleasure to talk to when the opportunity arose . 
 beppe felt confident that he had found his former pupil , a highly educated farmer with manicured hands did not fit the stereotype italian farmer . 
 they would usually have a standard education , and their hands would be rough from the years of punishment from working on the land . 
 beppe laughed at the thought of a retired farmer having rented his land to another farmer , because he had had enough of working on the land , and yet , he still spent a lot of time there helping him . 
 `` kiara , thank you so much for the lovely company . 
 i might take a walk around the town and have a look at the beautiful countryside . 
 you never know , i might see this retired farmer with the manicured hands '' smiled beppe , as he winked at kiara and left her a generous tip . 
 `` thank you . 
 you might be lucky and see him . 
 this morning he was wearing a black woollen jumper '' replied kiara excited by the tip . 
 `` arrivederci ! '' 
 and with that beppe walked to the south side of the town with an extra spring in his step . 
 beppe took only a few minutes to arrive at the farm and to his delight he saw two men collecting vine clippings . 
 the older man looked to be the same age as beppe . 
 his skin was brown and his face was very wrinkled and weathered from working outside , and he had an brisk movement that showed someone who enjoyed his work . 
 the second man was wearing a pair of brown corduroy pants and a black woollen jumper . 
 although he was also concentrated on his work , he kept casually glancing around at his surroundings . 
 beppe knew that he had finally found simon 's father . 
 nicola was in discussions with silvio about the winter arriving late this year even though it was already snowing up north . 
 global warming was a topic that the two of them often discussed . 
 nicola spotted beppe as soon as he walked towards the garage on the other side of the vineyard . 
 however , it was not until he was 150 meters from them that he recognised him . 
 nicola instantly felt a joy that he had not experienced since his younger years when he was in training . 
 although he was excited to see his mentor again , he felt that it was improbable , as his master would never jeopardise nicola 's hidden identity . 
 furthermore , nicola had been taught not to believe in coincidences . 
 therefore , his master must have found out that his death was fake and that either ` beta ' or candice had given him a lead to direct him here . 
 as ` beta ' did not know where nicola was , his master had most likely found out the information from his wife . 
 the only other possibility was that stefano had given him away . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 beppe called out to the two gentlemen in italian . 
 `` good afternoon '' both farmers replied . 
 `` here to offer some help ? '' 
 asked silvio with a smile . 
 `` absolutely . 
 seeing you at work reminds me of the holidays i used to spend at my grandfather 's farm as a young boy '' replied beppe honestly . 
 `` well , then feel free to roll up your sleeves and help out . 
 but i will only be able to pay you with a free sampling of my shiraz ! '' 
 `` it 's worth it ! '' 
 added nicola with a smile and a wink at beppe nicola knew that his master would not be able to recognise his face as the plastic surgeon had done a fantastic job . 
 however , he also knew that his master was the only person in the world who could identify all of the other characteristics that distinguished nicola from any other man . 
 nicola intentionally started collecting clippings that were further away from silvio . 
 beppe was in tow . 
 `` how have you been ? '' 
 asked beppe . 
 `` i guess that i have been great . 
 thank you for asking ! '' 
 replied nicola acting as if he was answering a complete stranger . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 i 'm not bugged and i do n't believe i have been tailed '' beppe added calmly . 
 nicola looked up and surveyed the surrounding farmland . 
 once satisfied that he was not being watched , he turned to his old master and threw his arms around him . 
 `` i missed you , you old fool . 
 how the hell did you find me ? '' 
 `` it seems that you still ca n't fool your old master ! '' 
 exclaimed beppe , excited to finally see his student again . 
 `` how did you find me ? '' 
 asked nicola `` nicola , is there somewhere we could speak in private ? '' 
 nicola recognised the look and pointed his teacher in the direction of the garage . 
 `` silvio , i am just taking a break . 
 beppe here parked his car at the car park and i thought i 'd let him keep some of his pension by parking it on our land . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 see you in 10 '' replied silvio not really fussed about the departure . 
 nicola and his old master walked to the car park to get beppe 's car . 
 before getting into the car , nicola dropped his keys as an excuse to bend down and check the chassis . 
 `` it 's ok , i have long retired and most of my enemies have died of old age . 
 you will only find mud , '' beppe stated jokingly . 
 `` still , it pays to remain cautious . 
 as i was once told by a wise man , we are never given the luxury of retiring completely '' responded nicola . 
 `` i guess that i have had such a fulfilling life that i would be happy if it all came to a sudden end , '' beppe stated philosophically . 
 `` it 's not a bomb that i am worried about , '' stated nicola as he stood up holding the magnetic tracking device . 
 `` at the fight ! '' 
 beppe realised . 
 `` what fight ? '' 
 `` it 's a long story and we do n't have the time . '' 
 `` you are right , we need to get this device as far away as possible from here . '' 
 `` i have been here a few hours and it might already be too late . 
 please pass me the device , i 'll do my best to get some distance . '' 
 `` no ! 
 i have a better idea . 
 i 'll drive . '' 
 they both jumped in the bmw and sped up the road to nicola 's garage . 
 once at the garage , nicola pulled a set of keys out of his pocket . 
 on them there was a remote control with a small keypad . 
 nicola entered the predefined sequence and the garage door opened and they drove in . 
 `` time for a change '' called out nicola with a smile . 
 `` good to see that you finally listened to my recommendation '' replied beppe delighted at the sight . 
 nicola started the engine and then selected another combination on his key ring and the side wall of the garage lifted , giving way to a downhill track between two vineyard plantations . 
 the small helicopter rolled forward until it cleared the garage . 
 once sufficient distance was achieved the garage door closed and the helicopters propellers extended to their full length . 
 immediately nicola pulled on the throttle and the rotor started spinning . 
 a few seconds later they were airborne and heading south . 
 `` what do you have in mind ? '' 
 asked beppe `` i intend to travel across to the freeway and find a suitable vehicle to attach the tracking device to . '' 
 within a few minutes they were flying south above the a1 freeway . 
 it did n't take them long to find a truck with a number plate from bari -- a capital city located at the heel of italy . 
 nicola flew low and dropped the magnetic tracking device onto the fuel truck . 
 whisper monitored the tracking device with interest . 
 he was somewhat surprised at the distance the driver had travelled in the last 30 minutes . 
 whisper was about to take the exit for siena when he had to keep going toward rome as the vehicle now seemed to be back on the a1 . 
 steve was asleep in an attempt to recoup some of his strength . 
 simon was only an hour away from san gimignano . 
 `` so , what has made you try and find me ? 
 and what fight were you referring to ? '' 
 asked nicola whilst flying back home . 
 `` well my friend , a few days ago a young teenager rented a room from me . 
 he turned out to be your son '' beppe began . 
 `` i knew he was in treviso , but i would never have expected the he would find you . '' 
 `` your wife ... '' `` i know '' interrupted nicola . 
 `` this afternoon i saw the e-mail sent to me by simon . 
 i received it yesterday , but initially mistook it as junk mail . 
 i have a flight this evening that will take me from rome directly to malaysia . 
 i should be at the hospital within 24 hours . '' 
 `` that 's great ! 
 what about simon ? '' 
 `` he can not find me . 
 although i am dead to the world , i can not chance it that one of my enemies gets to my family . '' 
 `` nicola , simon has gone to great lengths to find you . 
 not to mention the fact that someone is already after him . '' 
 `` after him ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 it 's whisper and he has a young assistant '' . 
 `` whisper ? 
 is he working for the agency or for one of the others ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he does n't know that i 'm protecting simon '' . 
 `` maybe i can ask my sources about the teenager that 's with him . 
 that might lead us somewhere '' . 
 `` beppe , i need you to protect him for a while . 
 i have to go and see my wife whilst i have the chance . 
 once i get back , i 'll work something out . '' 
 `` anything for you kevin . 
 sorry , i mean nicola . 
 sorry , old habits die hard i guess . '' 
 `` that 's ok . 
 i 'm also still not used to the new name . '' 
 `` so , still working for queen and country ? '' 
 `` no , i just quit . '' 
 `` this will not be a good week for ` beta ' : loosing two of his best agents '' replied beppe . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 asked nicola perplexed . 
 `` i have heard that ` shadow ' was killed '' . 
 `` really ? 
 i always thought he was simply a cover story used by mi6 to scare their enemies . '' 
 `` what should i tell simon ? '' 
 `` tell him that you have found my place , but that you missed me by a few days . 
 also , suggest that you stake out the apartment as you 've heard i 'd be back within two weeks . '' 
 `` nicola , simon does n't have two weeks . 
 he 's trying to get you back to his mother before ... . '' 
 but beppe never continued , as he did not want to remind him of the upcoming death of his wife . 
 `` you are right . 
 what about whisper , can you handle him ? '' 
 `` i 'll give it my best . 
 i can tell you one thing for sure , the young man with him will certainly think twice before challenging me again , '' laughed beppe . 
 `` i would n't take you on ! '' 
 joked nicola `` you know , i ` m glad to have finally met simon . 
 he 's an amazing young man . '' 
 `` beppe , he 's a very mature young man , but please refrain from telling him anything else about us . 
 i think he has enough to contend with . '' 
 `` ok . 
 but i do look forward to the day when i can fill him in on all the secrets : he deserves to know . '' 
 over the rest of the flight , beppe explained to nicola the events that preceded their meeting that afternoon . 
 simon finally arrived at the town and found a parking space for his bike . 
 he then walked into one of the piazzas and decided to call beppe . 
 however , as he began dialling the number , he found himself staring at his mentor who was holding two ice-creams . 
 `` hello young man , i 've got you a gelato from the gelateria that won the world ice-cream championship in 2005 '' offered the old master . 
 `` thank you signor beppe . 
 any luck with my dad ? '' 
 asked simon in anticipation . 
 `` yes and no . 
 i found his apartment , but it appears that he has just left for two weeks . '' 
 `` so what do we do ? '' 
 asked simon finding it hard not to feel depressed . 
 `` we search his place . 
 give your body a night 's rest to recover from today 's beating , and then continue with our search for your papa tomorrow . '' 
 `` ok . 
 i also need to check in with mum and provide her an update . '' 
 `` sure , but wait until tomorrow as you look exhausted and right now the call would be difficult for you to deal with emotionally . '' 
 `` i agree . 
 i ` m exhausted , exasperated , and in need of some disinfectant and bandages . '' 
 `` i agree . 
 let 's go to your father 's apartment and see what he has in terms of first aid . '' 
 the two walked to the piazza della cisterna and headed directly to the front door . 
 `` the door does not appear to have a lock to pick ! '' 
 `` i did n't think your papa would rely on such an insecure locking system '' replied beppe , having already been briefed on the apartment security system . 
 they both looked at the door for a few minutes , before beppe spoke again . 
 `` here , on the wall near the door frame there is a biometric strip . '' 
 simon looked at the small strip of glass that was approximately the size of a thumb in width , and a quarter of that in length . 
 it was difficult to spot , as the dark glass blended in well with the colour of the wall . 
 `` great ! 
 it means that only my dad is able to get in ! '' 
 simon stated exasperated `` maybe . 
 but if your papa went to all this trouble to set up a way for you to find him , he might have thought of that too . '' 
 simon , hoping that beppe was right , brushed his forefinger along the strip of glass . 
 they both stood silently waiting for something to happen . 
 they even tried to turn the door handle to see if it had unlocked . 
 `` ok , now that we have confirmed that i 'm not registered , what do we do ? '' 
 `` actually , can you try again and this time use your thumb and your forefinger . '' 
 `` two fingers ? '' 
 `` not long ago i heard that new locks required two fingers to fight against a trend , where the owner 's finger was removed from the hand and then later used to gain access to secured sights . '' 
 `` great ! 
 now a new trend will be started where the whole hand will be removed ! '' 
 contemplated simon whilst trying with two fingers . 
 once again , there was no sound of bolts unlocking . 
 however , when beppe tried to use the door handle , to their delight , the door opened . 
 once inside , their eyes were immediately drawn to a spiral staircase leading to the second floor . 
 on the ground floor they could also see along a corridor of polished floorboards that led to set of rooms . 
 directly to the right there were three pushbikes , a coat stand and an umbrella holder . 
 beppe , aware that the car tracking device trick might not have fooled whisper and the teenager , quickly pulled simon in and closed the door behind them . 
 as soon as the door closed , a hidden panel placed at head height to their right opened , revealing a monitor behind it . 
 to the right of the monitor , there were several touch buttons that carried out various functions . 
 in the centre of the monitor numerous snapshots of the piazza started appearing in sequence . 
 it appeared that a computer was separating photos taken of people outside , and separating them into folders labelled `` identity verified safe '' , `` identity verified unsafe '' , `` identity unverified -- low risk '' , and `` identity unverified -- med/high risk '' . 
 once the sorting was completed , the unsafe folder maximised showing high definition photos taken since the last time the apartment had been accessed . 
 beppe and simon had a close look at the `` unsafe photos '' and noticed that only those of themselves were shown . 
 next to their photos , it also asked to select one of three buttons : safe , unsafe , and unsure . 
 simon selected `` safe '' . 
 `` great system dad ! '' 
 stated proudly simon `` i agree . 
 particularly handy if someone is following you or watching this building for an extended period . 
 looking at the unverified photos , it appears the system looks for photos where people are looking at this site for long periods , are taking photos of the building , or were watching us when entering '' observed beppe . 
 `` signor beppe , i forgot to ask if you spotted anyone following me . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to say that i have slipped up . 
 it appears that our young friend back in treviso , managed to stick a tracking device to my bmw . '' 
 `` really ! 
 when did you find it ? '' 
 `` sorry simon , not until i was here for a little while . '' 
 `` what did you do with the device ? '' 
 `` it is now stuck on a truck heading to the south of italy . 
 i have also hidden my car just in case . '' 
 `` ok . 
 i guess there is nothing we can do about it right now . '' 
 simon and beppe inspected the rest of the house in amazement . 
 it was furnished with beautiful antique furniture and equipped with modern appliances discretely hidden away . 
 they both agreed that the bathroom on the fourth floor was the most impressive room of all . 
 its floor was covered with white marble . 
 most of the walls were black shiny tiles with the exception of the walls surrounding the jacuzzi . 
 to one side , there appeared to be a long window overlooking the surrounding countryside . 
 however , at close inspection they realised that it was a plasma screen that showed the view possibly taken from an external camera . 
 the plasma screen had a frame made from a genuine wooden window . 
 the wall on the other side of the jacuzzi was a 2 meter high mirror . 
 even this turned out to be another technological marvel . 
 by touching a small discreet button situated in the jacuzzi control panel , the bottom half of the mirror sunk a few millimetres and then disappeared into the wall by sliding away from the plasma ` window ' . 
 instead of the mirror , simon and beppe found themselves staring at a minibar , a remote control , two loaded pistols , and a small safe . 
 simon picked up the remote control and pressed a few buttons to see what else was installed . 
 `` simon , you 'll find that it will not work until you scan your fingers on the biometric strip that i can see on the back of the remote . '' 
 simon brushed his fingers and before he could try to use the remote again , the plasma screen was suddenly populated with several framed live images taken from multiple external and internal hidden cameras . 
 the bathroom door also slid closed and locked itself . 
 simon and beppe stood there in amazement . 
 `` what else can the remote do ? '' 
 asked beppe feeling like a child in a toy store . 
 `` well , i think i might have found where the medicine cabinet might be '' replied simon as he pressed a button with a red cross . 
 behind them the cupboard doors slid open and an aluminium moulded bench descended from the wall . 
 along one wall there was a bench with a draining system along its sides . 
 on the other side of the bed another panel opened and a tray extended towards the bed . 
 on the tray lay a selection of surgical and first aid equipment . 
 beside the head of the bed there was a mini fridge containing numerous types of drugs and medications . 
 `` wow ! 
 this is like a mini operating theatre ! '' 
 exclaimed simon marvelled at the ingenuity of the well-equipped room . 
 `` sadly in our field of work , if wounded , it 's best to avoid hospitals , it 's the first place our enemies will go looking for us . '' 
 simon suddenly imagined his father lying wounded and alone on top of the bench . 
 he felt a sudden sensation of dread and grief , but quickly promised himself that , when he found his dad , he would always be there for him . 
 `` ok young man , get your gear off and let 's get you fixed ! '' 
 called out beppe as he picked up some cloth wipes and a bottle of disinfectant . 
 ten minutes later , simon and beppe were again inspecting the remaining sections of the house . 
 they found that the study and the main bedroom both had a similar security monitoring system as the bathroom . 
 the only difference was that , unlike the bathroom , the windows were real and the plasma screen , in addition to being used to view the security cameras , was also a tv . 
 in these two rooms simon and beppe found a hidden panel that gave access to a chute . 
 they assumed that they were either used as fire exits , or emergency escapes . 
 they decided to come back after dinner and investigate them further . 
 for dinner they chose to play it safe and try to find some food in the kitchen . 
 in addition to their safety , beppe pointed out that venturing outside could lead to the compromise of this hideout . 
 fortunately the conclusion to `` eat in '' did n't turn out to be a sacrifice as the `` walk in '' fridge was fully stocked with fresh local produce . 
 beppe decided to treat simon to a three course meal . 
 whisper and steve arrived at san gimignano late in the evening . 
 they headed straight to the car park where the tracking device was transmitting from for over an hour that afternoon . 
 they failed to find the white bmw they were looking for , so they proceeded to investigate the only other car park outside of the town . 
 this also led to a fruitless outcome and left them feeling frustrated . 
 `` well young man , i guess we best head back to siena '' sighed whisper , resigned to the fact that tonight they were not going to find simon . 
 `` could n't we sleep in the car and recommence our search early in the morning ? '' 
 asked the young apprentice feeling exhausted and defeated by the days events , but anxious to take-on simon again . 
 `` one thing that i have learned is that 1 hour sleep in a proper bed will allow your body to recoup more energy than 4 hours sleep in a car . 
 so driving back to siena is worth it . 
 we 'll be back tomorrow morning at 5am . '' 
 `` ok '' replied steve frustrated . 
 `` do n't let it get to you . 
 firstly , we do n't know if simon even came here . 
 secondly , his host could be anywhere by now . 
 and lastly , if we ca n't find them in the morning we know where they will eventually go . '' 
 `` treviso . '' 
 `` exactly , back to treviso !! '' 
 chapter 6 -- accepting failure for the first time in his life , simon slept in . 
 signor beppe , decided not to wake him up , but to use the extra time to come up with an action plan . 
 with a hot caffelatte in hand , beppe sat silently in the office and watched the security monitors . 
 whilst in the office he also took the liberty of inspecting the books that kevin had collected over the years . 
 kevin certainly had an amazing collection of over 400 books , including encyclopaedias and journals . 
 there were also a section of collectable antique books kept in air sealed , and most likely fireproof , bookcases . 
 all of the books were catalogued in a tablet computer . 
 beppe also noted that , although the old building had the latest technology , he could not see any telephones or internet access points . 
 this place was a black hole in the communication world , making it impossible to be found by online `` spy-catcher '' software . 
 when simon woke up , beppe had already finished searching the rest of the house . 
 he had found a secret passage in the cellar , with two tunnels leading in different directions . 
 in one tunnel there was an armoury with all the latest weapons , several ` toys ' , most likely developed by mi6 - including the same toys as those in simon 's possession , escape vehicles , and a ` uniform ' room . 
 in the uniform room there were outfits for air , desert , snow , night , and water operations . 
 simon , although pleased to wake up to a hot breakfast , was not in a talkative mood . 
 he woke up feeling guilty for sleeping in . 
 he felt deflated that he had missed his dad , and aware that there was little time left before he had to go back and say goodbye to his mum . 
 he had intended to send another message to his mum using the device given to him by inspector lau . 
 however , he decided not to , as he did not want to risk having the message traced and thus giving away his dad 's hideout . 
 `` do n't feel bad '' stated beppe , guessing what simon was thinking . 
 `` a week ago you did not have a father , and now you are in his home . '' 
 `` thank you signor beppe . 
 the fact is that despite having slept in his bed , i am no closer to him than i was a week ago , '' replied simon , whilst moving a piece of bacon around the plate as if it was a hockey puck . 
 `` have you had any thoughts as to what you would like to do next ? '' 
 asked beppe , despite having already devised a plan . 
 `` yes ! 
 firstly we need to lead our pursuers away from here . 
 secondly , we need to stop continuing on this path , i feel like someone 's puppet . 
 i keep thinking back to our earlier conversation when you highlighted that i could have been led to you . 
 and lastly , we need to devise an exit strategy '' simon summarised confidently . 
 `` great ! 
 i could n't agree more . 
 any ideas ? '' 
 asked beppe , feeling proud of his student `` well , we could get ourselves away from here and then call steve on 5555 323 525 '' replied simon with a big grin . 
 `` who is steve ? '' 
 asked beppe confused . 
 `` our young friend who we met back in treviso . '' 
 `` how on earth ... . '' 
 beppe started asking , but was not given the opportunity to finish . 
 `` ... do i know this ? 
 well , after i knocked him out , i went through his mobile phone and got his name and phone number . '' 
 smiled cheekily simon . 
 `` well done ! 
 however , we should n't waste such useful information to simply lure him away . 
 right now , if they have n't done so already , they will be heading this way to see if they can find you . 
 but i think unless they get a good lead , they 'll go back to treviso and wait for me there . '' 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 asked simon , already half knowing what the answer would be . 
 `` i trained whisper , remember ! 
 anyway , how are you planning to sever the puppet strings ? '' 
 asked beppe sheepishly , having guessed simon 's reply . 
 `` so far i 've been somewhat predictable . 
 i get news of my mum 's sickness and i run to look for dad . 
 being a teenager , ` they ' thought that i needed some guidance , so they channelled me to my dad 's ex-teacher . '' 
 `` what about whisper ? '' 
 `` i thought long and hard about this . 
 whoever is the mastermind would never have relied on a mother to send her teenager alone on an adventure around the world . 
 so they sent an experienced operative to give me a jump start by getting me to europe . '' 
 `` by kidnapping you ? '' 
 asked beppe , unsure if simon had completely assessed the situation , but suspected that he had . 
 `` i think the kidnapping attempts here in italy were by other agents recruited by whisper . 
 if he wanted to guarantee success , he would have taken matters into his own hands . 
 also , both attempts occurred in the middle of the day without an apparent getaway . 
 so it would mean that someone would have seen me being carried away . '' 
 `` so , how do you think he was going to get you to europe ? '' 
 `` he actually asked me . '' 
 `` and you think that he was just hoping that you would go along with it ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 he first paid some kids to intimidate me at the beach . 
 then , when we made contact inside the hospital , he threatened me by quoting the classic cliché `` the hard or the easy way '' . 
 and then i suspect he came to my house to use my mum 's health as leverage . 
 if he really wanted to kidnap me by force , all he had to do was to strike whilst i was asleep in the middle of the night . 
 he could have stuck me in a van and kept me sedated until a private jet delivered me to a european destination . 
 instead , by getting me to go willingly , all he needed to worry about were commercial plane tickets . '' 
 `` i 'm impressed . 
 all we now need to determine is what the motive is , '' added beppe , speaking mostly to himself . 
 `` i gather by the fact that you did n't add the ` puppeteer ' to your comments , that you already know who he or she is '' added simon , also confident that he had worked it out . 
 `` just an educated guess '' smiled beppe . 
 `` i keep coming back to the same conclusion but , as i can not work out a plausible motive , i abandon the idea , '' replied thoughtfully simon . 
 `` go on , stick with your gut . 
 i think that you 've been spot on so far . '' 
 `` well ... . 
 you , whisper , dad , and most likely steven have all worked for the same agency . 
 so , as you told me not to believe in coincidences , i think that we are all being played by mi6 . '' 
 `` but ? '' 
 beppe asked , in order to encourage simon to continue with his analysis . 
 `` but why would mi6 want to use me to find my dad when , with the resources available to them , they could achieve the same overnight ? 
 not to mention the fact that he probably still works for them . '' 
 `` yes . 
 and what makes you think he still works for them ? '' 
 `` look around you . 
 does this look like the house of a retired spy ? '' 
 `` no it does n't '' replied beppe with a smile . 
 `` and you said that dad only ever worked for ` queen and country ' . '' 
 `` kid , i think you are spot on . 
 this has mi6 written all over it ! 
 but , i am struggling to find a motive . 
 what i can tell you is that this has nothing to do with you finding your papa . '' 
 `` what then ? '' 
 asked simon , looking completely puzzled . 
 `` leave that to me . 
 so , how do you plan to stop being lead by them ? '' 
 `` stop doing what we are doing . '' 
 `` ok , you have now lost me ! '' 
 `` i ` m heading back to mum . 
 i sent a message to dad and found his home . 
 and yet , he has n't shown up . 
 he knew i would turn up here but , with the exception of having my finger prints left at the door , he has n't even left a message '' . 
 `` simon , your papa ' loves you and your mamma more than anything else . 
 all the sacrifices that he has made have been for you . '' 
 `` really ? 
 no offence , but you have n't seen him since before he met mum . 
 you 're just defending your ex-pupil . 
 anyway , i 'm not angry . 
 i 'd just rather spend what time left with mum , '' stated simon sadly . 
 `` i do n't think you should jump to conclusions about your papa . 
 but , i agree that going back to spend time with your mamma is a good idea . '' 
 `` i really wanted this . 
 mum wanted it too . '' 
 `` so your plan to stop being led is actually your exit strategy ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` ok , enough said . 
 let me show you what i 've found whilst you were playing ` sleeping beauty '' ' joked beppe . 
 whisper and steve decided to have breakfast at a restaurant in one of the san gimignano piazzas . 
 this would provide them with the opportunity to speak to a group of people who tend to have great observational skills - waiters and waitresses . 
 having found little at the first piazza , they moved to the second piazza where they met an australian waitress . 
 kiara was in her early twenties . 
 she was pretty with thick long light brown hair and intelligent hazel eyes . 
 kiara , was an only child and had been strongly encouraged to study law by both her parents who were both queen 's counsels in australia . 
 however , to their shock and disappointment , after completing a degree in law with honours , had decided to trade in a career as a lawyer , in exchange for a life as a backpacker . 
 she had found a job in san gimignano and fell in love with the beautiful ancient city and it 's people so decided to live there , and was in no hurry to return to the life that awaited her back in australia . 
 steve instantly took a liking to her rebel spirit . 
 she retained great details about most people that came to the restaurant - including that of an old italian man who had a trevisan accent and , as she discovered later , drove a white bmw . 
 unfortunately , she did not know where the old trevisan man had gone . 
 `` should we try to get away ? '' 
 asked simon , whilst staring at a portable monitor that they had been carrying around the apartment . 
 `` no need . 
 they will only find out that i was here . 
 something they already knew from the tracking device . 
 they might also find out that i was asking about the locals . '' 
 `` so kiara , what do italians look for when they come here ? 
 for example , the old trevisan , what would bring him here ? '' 
 asked whisper . 
 `` just a break ! 
 he supposedly heard about this beautiful town and decided to come and see it himself '' lied kiara . 
 `` i see . 
 i hope he was at least luckier than us in finding accommodation in town , '' stated whisper in the hope of gaining some more information . 
 `` i think he left after a stroll around the town . 
 finding accommodation with such short notice is almost impossible '' kiara lied again . 
 `` why is she lying ? '' 
 simon asked , whilst listening to her voice in the monitor , thanks to a hidden parabolic microphone installed on the roof of the apartment . 
 `` not sure '' beppe replied in all honesty . 
 both whisper and steve left a good tip and proceeded to leave the town . 
 whisper sensed that the waitress might have been holding back , but he was also grateful for the information that she provided him . 
 her hesitation in answering his questions was not uncommon as most people were intimidated by his stature . 
 he did not like her . 
 steve found himself mesmerised by the waitress . 
 as he walked away , he promised himself that he would try to come back one day and hopefully still find her here . 
 he was surprised that he felt drawn to someone he had just met . 
 on the drive back to treviso , both sat quietly contemplating the last 24 hours . 
 `` i think we should lay low for half a day and then take off . 
 they might be waiting in nearby villages , hoping that their lack of presence in town will encourage us out of hiding '' directed beppe . 
 `` i agree . 
 the only dilemma is that i have to find a way to get back to malaysia . '' 
 `` i gather that you do n't trust going back the same way that you came here , as it could alert our ` puppet ' master . '' 
 `` precisely . 
 i might have to chance it on a commercial flight . 
 hopefully i will be able to avoid having my face recognised via the security cameras located at the airport . '' 
 `` commercial flight ? 
 why not go on a private jet ? '' 
 asked beppe with a big grin . 
 `` sure , i 'll just go and break my piggy bank ! '' 
 `` who said anything about chartering a jet ? 
 in fact , we 'll most likely be compensated generously to use the jet ! '' 
 stated beppe , already recalling a telephone number he had used previously on several occasions . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` simon , there are plenty of wealthy people who travel to asia to conduct business . 
 all we need to do is find one that needs personal security , and we have a one-way flight home . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 `` i promised to help you out , and that 's exactly what i 'll do . 
 besides , i always wanted to see penang . '' 
 `` i do n't know what to say . 
 you 've already done so much for me , '' replied simon feeling overwhelmed by beppe 's generosity and care . 
 `` simon , helping you gives me more pleasure than you can imagine . '' 
 `` thank you '' stated simon looking down at his hands . 
 he felt embarrassed that a complete stranger should take this much interest in his wellbeing . 
 `` you are welcome . 
 i 'm sure that we 'll be able to get on a flight within the next 48 hours '' stated beppe confidently . 
 `` ok . 
 meanwhile , how are we going to get to a phone without being seen ? '' 
 asked simon . 
 `` fancy a drive to florence ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 let 's go and see what is stored in my dad 's garage . 
 after all , your bmw is known and i know that you do n't fancy the idea of travelling as a passenger on a motorbike '' smiled simon . 
 the two of them made their way through the tunnel leading to the garage . 
 along the way they stopped to collect a few ` toys ' that might come in handy over the next few days . 
 the garage had multiple cars and motorbikes , even though at first glance only two cars , a motorbike , and the small helicopter were visible . 
 the rest were hidden underground thanks to a ferris wheel style elevator . 
 to the untrained eye , it seemed that the visible vehicles were simply parked on metal platforms . 
 `` i was thinking of taking the silver grey m6 ... . . '' 
 `` ... . 
 bmw ` super coupé ' , 380kw , five-litre v10 , seven speed sequential smg transmission , a top speed exceeding 300km/h , and capable of doing 0-100km / h in 4.5 seconds ! '' 
 interrupted simon , unable to believe that he was about to be a passenger in his favourite car . 
 `` ok . 
 i guess you know your cars . 
 here you go ! '' 
 called out beppe whilst throwing the keys to simon . 
 `` really ?! 
 although i can drive , my driver 's licence is fake . ' 
 `` well . 
 consider this as part of your spy driver training module ! '' 
 smiled beppe . 
 once inside , simon took a moment to smell the leather , feel the steering wheel , and study the head-up display . 
 once the car started , the onboard computer system welcomed the new driver and asked to swipe his fingertip on a scanner that appeared out of the dashboard compartment . 
 simon complied . 
 ` welcome simon ! 
 your seat and steering wheel position will now adjust in accordance to your height and weight . 
 please select the suspension and gears setting for your drive '' softly stated the female computer voice . 
 simon chose ` sport ' using the turn-and-push dial located between the driver and passenger seat . 
 `` this is a specially customised version of the m6 . 
 whilst you are driving , would you like me to describe the various features ? '' 
 asked the computer . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 called out simon still not truly believing he was actually sitting in , and about to drive his favourite car . 
 simon , whilst still listening to the computer 's instructions , started driving the car towards the garage sliding door . 
 as the car reached a sensor , the door automatically opened . 
 simon felt the adrenalin rush through his veins and for an instant forgot all about his problems . 
 `` not that i 'm ungrateful , but why is it that both you and dad lean towards the bmw as your car of choice ? '' 
 `` although , performance has always been considered the key feature when selecting a car for the job , the most important aspect is in fact reliability . 
 it is pointless to have a fast car that has a high risk of breaking down . 
 so , although there are numerous fast cars available to us , several of them have delicate engines that require regular maintenance . 
 over the years the bmw has certainly proven itself as the workhorse of the spy world . 
 fortunately , as it is also a popular car , it makes it easier for spies to blend in . 
 also , as many spies like the bmw , the mi6 technology and innovation department has been able to spend a greater amount of funding on this car . 
 over time they have become experts in the development of gadgets . 
 what i particularly like about this model is that we finally have the performance of top sport cars whilst retaining very high reliability . 
 in my mind , this is the best car ` issued ' to date . '' 
 `` i 'd say !! 
 over 300km/h ! '' 
 `` not quite . 
 this model was tweaked to reach 355km/h '' `` great ! 
 355km/h and i find myself driving it in italy where i believe the top speed is 250km/h ! '' 
 joked simon . 
 `` sure ... until you are being chased . 
 then the speed limit is the last of your concerns . '' 
 for simon the drive to florence was too quick . 
 he was completely in love with this car . 
 whilst on the road he tested a few of the gadgets that did not result in bullets or rockets being fired . 
 he particularly loved the control the vehicle maintained whilst travelling around corners at high speed . 
 beppe explained to him that mi6 had asked bmw to reengineer the car to be all wheel drive and all wheel steering . 
 another feature that caught simon 's attention was the night vision system , which would be tested on the way back . 
 according to the onboard computer , at night the front screen was developed to enhance ambient light , so that the driver could drive without headlights . 
 to improve visibility , the car 's headlights would also project infrared light . 
 beppe 's favourite feature was the auto drive system where , once a destination was entered into the navigational system , the bmw would drive itself to the destination without the need for driver input . 
 `` you know , if we ca n't get a jet to get me to malaysia , we could drive there ! '' 
 joked simon , whilst looking for a car park in central florence . 
 it took only a few phone calls from a public phone booth before beppe had managed to get some bodyguard work . 
 the flight would leave rome in 2 days and head directly to kl where they would hand over to another team . 
 they would then make their way up to butterworth via train and bus . 
 beppe felt hungry and took simon to a local restaurant that he used to frequent when he began working as a spy . 
 the restaurant had been managed by four generations of the same family . 
 beppe liked it because there was no menu and you simply ate whatever was served . 
 today they found themselves being served sliced bresaola as their antipasto . 
 basically , it is air-dried salted beef that has been aged for several months before being served . 
 to add to its addictive taste , the chef also added a touch of cinnamon , juniper berries and pepper . 
 to accompany the beef , olives and fiandolone bread were also served . 
 the bread was a local speciality made from sweet chestnut flour and strewn with rosemary leaves . 
 whilst the wine of the day was a complementary glass of bolgheri - a divine tuscan red wine made from a blend of several grapes including cabernet franc , sangiovese , and merlot . 
 beppe was surprised and pleased to see the bresaola , as it was not a local speciality and is traditionally only found in the italian alps . 
 afterwards , for their first course , they were served beppe 's favourite : `` tagliatelle al sugo di lepre '' . 
 `` simon , the trick is to marinate the hare for 12 hours before cooking it with olive oil and pancetta '' beppe explained , having cooked it on numerous occasions . 
 `` you cook ? '' 
 `` only as a hobby '' smiled beppe for main course , they found themselves staring at a succulent dish of ossi buchi . 
 `` buon pomerriggio professore ! ' 
 called out a gentleman whilst approaching from a nearby room wearing a stained apron . 
 beppe immediately stood up and met him with a friendly hug . 
 `` tino , you look amazing ! '' 
 complimented beppe in italian . 
 `` ahh !!! 
 i am like wine , i get better with age ! '' 
 joked tino , who was most likely the chef . 
 `` so , what finally brings you back to firenze ? '' 
 `` i decided to take a break and show my young friend here a bit of bella italia ! '' 
 `` hello ! '' 
 said tino whilst offering his hand to simon . 
 `` pleased to meet you ! 
 eady simon '' replied simon in italian whilst shaking the chef 's hand . 
 `` eady ? 
 you are not italian ? '' 
 asked the chef , confused as simon had spoken perfect italian with a hint of a trevisan accent . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm australian '' replied simon honestly , despite the fact that he was born in denmark as a british citizen . 
 `` ahh , australia . 
 beautiful country . 
 i went 5 years ago to visit my brother who moved there when he was 18 . '' 
 `` did he go to australia looking for work ? '' 
 asked simon , guessing that his brother might be close in age to the chef and like many other italians in the 50s , migrated for work . 
 `` no . 
 he ran away from italy as he did not want to do national service . 
 once he got there , he fell in love , married , had kids and never came back . '' 
 `` so tino , what is with all the special cuisine ? 
 last time i came you were basically serving a soup , some basic pasta dish and a thin steak '' observed beppe , whilst admiring the dishes on the table . 
 `` tourism my friend ! 
 they come from overseas with a taste for rich meals . 
 unfortunately , over the years we started to lose money as many of the regulars passed away and the tourists found our meals too simple . '' 
 `` so , how did you manage to keep the prices so low ? '' 
 `` father , bless his soul , was always planning for the future . 
 in order to survive , he knew that one day we would have to compete against other restaurants for a share of the tourism market , whilst keeping our prices affordable for the locals . 
 he bought a sizeable farm just outside the city that allows us to grow our own produce . 
 we also opened an up-market restaurant near il duomo , which allows us to keep the prices down here for the locals . 
 the irony is that i rotate the chefs between the two restaurants , therefore the meals here are the same as at the other place . '' 
 `` i always thought your father was a smart man . 
 pity he did not like me '' joked beppe . 
 `` not true ! 
 he thought the world of you . 
 he was just worried that you were going to be a bad influence on me '' replied tino whilst slapping beppe on the back . 
 `` join us ! '' 
 offered simon , seeing that beppe and tino were behaving like long lost brothers . 
 `` i do n't know '' replied tino , whilst glancing back in the direction he had come from . 
 `` mum might get angry if i leave our new apprentice to cook on his own ! '' 
 `` your mamma is here ?! '' 
 beppe asked excitedly . 
 `` sure ! 
 she 's at the back doing an inventory stocktake ! '' 
 a few minutes later , tino , his mum maria , his wife pina , his sons fabio and denis , joined beppe and simon for lunch , which continued into dinner . 
 by the time they had finished , they had drunk copious amounts of wine and liqueurs and beppe was barely able to walk back to the car . 
 simon felt exhausted from all the laughter . 
 despite repeatedly having been offered to stay at tino 's home , they decided to head back to san gimignano . 
 simon promised the trassini family that one day he would come back and stay for a few days as their guest . 
 on the way back , feeling completely drained , simon engaged the auto driving system in case he fell asleep . 
 to his surprise once he started the car , the computer immediately asked simon if he wanted the auto driving system to be enabled to take them home . 
 beppe , in between slurs , mentioned that the computer request was probably triggered by the fact that it was late in the evening . 
 on the way back , simon was initially cautious as he feared that the auto driving system might fail . 
 however , ten minutes into the drive , both passengers had completely passed out . 
 `` simon ! 
 wake up ! '' 
 simon heard a distant female voice calling out . 
 `` five more minutes mum ! '' 
 `` simon , wake up ! '' 
 he heard again . 
 `` all right !!! 
 i 'm awake mum ! '' 
 `` master simon , we have arrived at your final destination . 
 do you wish to continue your sleep in the car ? '' 
 `` master ? 
 final destination ? 
 what are you saying mum ? '' 
 asked simon , realising that his mum was being very formal for some weird reason . 
 `` master simon , we are at your final destination . 
 do you wish to continue your sleep in the car ? '' 
 simon heard again as he finally managed to open his eyes . 
 he found himself still sitting in the bmw and staring at the information console . 
 as his eyes started to regain focus , he noticed that he could see graphs showing his heartbeat , brain activity and body heat on the screen . 
 intrigued by the monitoring system and feeling himself waking up and becoming more alert , simon noticed that beppe was also being monitored . 
 `` thank you . 
 i will get out of the car , '' replied simon , feeling weird talking to a computer . 
 `` good night ! '' 
 the car computer called out as it proceeded to shut down the engine and gradually increase the brightness of the interior lights to their full setting . 
 beppe was still comatose due to the amount of alcohol that he had consumed during their lunch and dinner . 
 simon tried without success to wake him so had to carry him to his bed . 
 next morning beppe woke up with the biggest headache . 
 he initially made a real effort to get out of bed and get organised for travelling to malaysia . 
 however , once he made it to his feet , he felt extremely dizzy and needed to sit back down . 
 simon felt excited about the prospect of seeing his mum again , even though he was disappointed that he would return to malaysia without his dad . 
 he needed to go for a walk . 
 as he was concerned that the apartment might be under surveillance , he decided to use one of the tunnels instead of the front door . 
 a few minutes later he found the entry to the cave . 
 from there he followed a track and made his way around the town . 
 on the eastern side he took a moment to sit and admire the sunrise . 
 `` it 's beautiful ! '' 
 startled , simon jumped to his feet raised his hands ready to defend himself . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to scare you '' apologised the intruder . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 i was daydreaming , '' stated simon , whilst admiring the beautiful girl standing in front of him . 
 `` i 'm kiara . '' 
 `` i 'm simon . 
 pleased to meet you '' simon stated , whilst offering his hand . 
 `` so simon , just passing through ? '' 
 asked kiara , whilst taking up the offer to shake hands . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm leaving tomorrow . '' 
 `` oh ! 
 what brought you here ? '' 
 `` visiting family . '' 
 `` family ? 
 signor squadra ? '' 
 `` signor squadra ? 
 what makes you say that ? '' 
 asked simon , realising that he did n't know his dad 's current alias , and there was a small chance that kiara was referring to someone else . 
 `` because you have a certain air about you that only one other man in town has - signor squadra . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i thank you for the compliment . 
 but i think that you might have me confused with someone else '' replied simon , hoping that it was a case of mistaken identity . 
 `` ok , i lied ! 
 i saw you and the older gentleman entering his house '' confessed kiara with a smile . 
 `` i see . 
 well , i guess that you got me ! '' 
 simon smiled back . 
 `` so kiara , do you always approach strangers ? '' 
 `` only the interesting ones . '' 
 `` interesting ? 
 me ? 
 really ? '' 
 `` well , not really . 
 signor squadra is interesting . 
 i found the older gentleman 's interest in signor squadra interesting . 
 i found the young man and his intimidating older friend 's curiosity about the two of you interesting . 
 so , you see , by association and your presence here , you are interesting . '' 
 although simon should have been alarmed that she knew so much about them , he found himself somewhat disappointed that her interest was not purely about him . 
 `` so , i guess that you are not going to tell me why signor squadra , who never speaks of his family , suddenly has two people arrive at his house . 
 one is acting as if he did not know signor squadra , whilst the other is referring to him as family . '' 
 `` you know kiara , you should be careful where curiosity takes you . '' 
 `` is that a threat ? '' 
 `` certainly ! 
 you might end up being disappointed when it turns out to be a boring story , '' replied simon , whilst offering her a big grin . 
 `` boring ? 
 what , when you have two professional guys tailing you ? '' 
 winked kiara . 
 `` well . 
 the truth is quite simple . 
 i am looking for my dad who went missing many years ago . 
 the person who i am travelling with is a retired investigator who i 've hired . 
 i have come across from germany and got myself into a bit of trouble along the way . 
 the two people who you refer to as professionals , are in fact themselves hired investigators . 
 they are here to take me back to some underground criminal who i have inadvertently wronged '' lied simon . 
 `` ha ! 
 ha ! 
 that 's a great story . 
 one day i 'll write a book about it . 
 you are lucky that you are so cute , otherwise i would not be so willing to swallow your lie '' winked kiara . 
 simon felt excited that she thought he was cute . 
 until recently , simon had avoided female friendships , as he knew they would make it harder to relocate . 
 however , in just the last few days , he had twice found himself being attracted to a girl and fantasising about being in a relationship . 
 `` you 're blushing ! '' 
 `` no i 'm not ! '' 
 defended simon , realising how immature he had sounded . 
 `` have you had breakfast yet ? '' 
 `` no . 
 after the dinner i had last night , i am considering not eating for the next week , '' joked simon . 
 `` come on , i 'll cook you a great breakfast . '' 
 simon felt lightheaded by her attention and found himself following her into town . 
 over the next hour they shared a delicious hot breakfast at the restaurant where kiara worked . 
 simon was delighted that he had all of kiara 's attention as it was early and the restaurant did not open for another hour . 
 `` so simon , are you really leaving tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i am afraid so '' replied simon , matching the disappointment visible in her eyes . 
 `` may i ask why ? 
 the truth ! '' 
 `` the truth ? 
 my mum is dying . 
 i was here to find my dad as it is her last wish '' replied simon , fighting back his tears . 
 `` you found him though ! '' 
 `` no . 
 we got here to late . 
 i do n't know where he went . 
 i have failed . '' 
 replied simon . 
 `` simon , you have found him ! 
 he has simply gone away for a while . 
 but he will come back ! '' 
 kiara stated , in an attempt to cheer up simon `` thank you . 
 you are lovely . 
 but i do not have the time to stay and wait for him whilst my mum is in hospital alone . '' 
 simon reflected . 
 `` i have failed '' simon repeated , accepting the truth . 
 `` you know , there is nothing stopping you bringing your mamma back here and waiting for your papa together . 
 from the sounds of it , there is little that the hospital can do for her now anyway . '' 
 despite being a great idea , simon felt unable to accept this as his next step . 
 `` no . 
 my father does n't want to be found '' . 
 simon did not want to bring his mum back to italy just to experience the same disappointed that he had felt in the last few days . 
 his mum was better off enjoying the company of those who truly cared about her - himself , inspector lau and deepa . 
 `` besides , florence has one of the best hospitals in the world ! '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` well , at least i think so ! '' 
 winked kiara . 
 `` so , enough about my depressing story . 
 what about you ? '' 
 `` not much to tell . 
 qc parents , sent to law school , graduated top of the class , and decided to become a full time backpacker instead '' confessed kiara smiling . 
 `` qc ? 
 queens counsel ? 
 you 're from australia ? '' 
 asked simon , feeling impressed . 
 `` australia ? 
 interesting . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` well , i have told this story to many people , but all of them have assumed my parents were english . 
 that is with the exception of those who were from canada who assumed my parents were canadian , those who were from new zealand assumed my parents were new zealanders , and those who were from scotland assumed my parents were scottish . 
 so simon , the fact that a supposedly german student who speaks perfect italian assumes my parents are australian raises an interesting question '' highlighted kiara , whilst tilting her head slightly and staring upwards in a thinking pose . 
 `` wow ! 
 this morning i ca n't seem to keep myself out of trouble ! '' 
 joked simon . 
 `` just as well i 'm not your girlfriend . 
 otherwise i would question if our relationship was built on lies , '' joked kiara . 
 `` just as well we 're not in a relationship '' smiled simon . 
 `` good morning professore ! '' 
 called out kiara `` good morning signorina ! 
 is it too early for breakfast ? '' 
 asked beppe , glancing at simon to convey a silent message . 
 `` no problem . 
 what would you like ? '' 
 `` something greasy to help me to recover from this terrible hangover . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 i 'll get on to it . '' 
 and with that kiara headed for the kitchen . 
 `` so young man , you have managed to get yourself half way around the world whilst being chased by professionals . 
 but as soon as you cross the path of a pretty girl , you fall apart on me . '' 
 `` i tried not to give anything away but ... . '' 
 `` ... . 
 she is a very bright young lady '' continued beppe . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 simon admitted shamefully `` that 's ok young man . 
 i was no better at your age '' reflected beppe with a smile . 
 a very long silent moment passed by . 
 `` simon , kiara was right . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 i forgot that the apartment was equipped with a state of the art listening device '' commented simon , whilst staring across the piazza . 
 `` what was she right about ? '' 
 simon eventually asked . 
 `` you should consider bringing your mum back here . '' 
 `` out of the question ! '' 
 simon instantly revoked . 
 `` ok . 
 anyway , i wanted to ask you , how did i get to bed last night ? '' 
 `` i carried you like a sack of potatoes '' laughed simon . 
 `` just as well i am a frail old man . '' 
 beppe enjoyed his greasy breakfast whilst having a lighthearted conversation with simon and kiara . 
 `` signor beppe . 
 i have failed . '' 
 `` simon . 
 the wonderful aspect about failure is that it provides a definite end to something , and the opportunity to start again with a clean slate . 
 so , forgetting about what you did n't achieve , what do you now want ? '' 
 `` i want to make my mum 's last few days comfortable and memorable . '' 
 `` so , do n't you think that that could be achieved in san gimignano ? 
 your mother wanted you to find her husband so that she could be with him one last time . 
 by bringing her here , although he might be elsewhere , she would at least be in his home and surrounded by his things . '' 
 `` to be honest , i do n't know what to think . '' 
 `` that 's ok . 
 it 's probably time to head off and pack . '' 
 as they stood up , kiara attempted to entice them to stay a while longer . 
 beppe thanked kiara for the great company but insisted that they must depart . 
 kiara refused their payment for the breakfast and politely excused herself as she had to get back to the other customers . 
 as simon and beppe left the restaurant , kiara called out to wait a moment . 
 `` i forgot to ask , will i see you before you take off tomorrow ? '' 
 asked kiara , whilst blushing . 
 `` not sure '' replied simon , in all honesty . 
 `` you know simon , if you come back with your mother , you will have the privilege of a regular hot breakfast cooked for you ! '' 
 joked kiara , followed by a quick kiss to the cheek before hastily returning to the restaurant . 
 `` ahh , ... and there would be the privilege of regular hot breakfasts ! '' 
 joked beppe as simon had his eyes fixed on kiara who was now taking an order from an elderly couple . 
 `` signor beppe , we had better go upstairs before she comes back and i completely forget to breathe ! '' 
 joked simon , as he turned and continued walking towards the apartment . 
 beppe spent the rest of the day teaching simon how to be a bodyguard . 
 they covered entry and exit of buildings , securing rooms , disarming assailants holding knives , evasion and attack tactics when under fire from small arms , travelling in vehicle convoys , body searching , and spotting threats . 
 to practice the protection of clients getting in and out of vehicles , they utilised the garage as their training ground . 
 that evening they packed their bags , including several ` toys ' that might come in handy . 
 `` signor beppe , i ` m starving ! 
 we 've been going all day and have forgotten to eat lunch . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i 'm also starving ! 
 let 's go and see if we can find something in the kitchen . '' 
 simon and beppe found themselves too tired to cook and simply settled for some bread , cheese and a glass of wine . 
 they then headed to bed where they both simply fell asleep still wearing their clothes . 
 beppe 's last thought before falling asleep was on how fortunate he was to get a second chance . 
 simon 's last thought was ` failure ' . 
 chapter 7 -- family reunion beppe and simon woke early . 
 after showers , new clothes , and a hot breakfast , they made their way to the garage via the underground tunnel . 
 once there , beppe decided that they would take his car to the airport . 
 `` so , who are we protecting ? '' 
 `` stefano reed . 
 a self made billionaire '' replied beppe `` why does he need protection ? '' 
 `` he used to be in a partnership with two friends . 
 after a while the two friends pulled out of the business . 
 that was a terrible mistake , as a few months later stefano made a successful bid for a multimillion dollar government contract . '' 
 `` so his partners now want their share ? '' 
 `` no . 
 after stefano got wealthy he went back to his friends and gave them a sizeable gift . 
 one of his friends , stuart , used the money to finance a drug deal . 
 unfortunately , the ship carrying the drugs sank in the pacific ocean , but that did n't stop the drug supplier still wanting his money . 
 stuart then disappeared in order to avoid paying and of course protect his life . '' 
 `` ok . 
 so how is stefano involved in this ? '' 
 `` the drug warlord , unable to find stuart , decided that he would visit stefano . 
 stefano , having been pre-warned that the warlord was coming to see him , withdrew the required amount from the bank in order to settle his friend 's debt . 
 unfortunately , the warlord learned who stefano was and , upon his arrival at the office , attempted to extort more money . 
 when stefano refused to pay above the already agreed amount , the warlord pulled out a knife . 
 i 'm not sure if the warlord 's plan was to simply scare him a little , but stefano drew a pistol from one of the draws in his desk and shot him in the head . 
 now , the warlord 's father placed a price on stefano 's head . '' 
 `` how much ? '' 
 `` last i heard it was $ 20 million us dollars . '' 
 `` has anyone got close to getting it ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but on average there are 5-6 attempts a year on stefano 's life '' `` how many years has this been going on ? '' 
 `` the first attempt on his life was 15 years ago . '' 
 `` wow ! 
 some people can really hold a grudge ! '' 
 joked simon `` they certainly can ! '' 
 `` other than us two , i assume there will be other body guards . '' 
 `` yes . 
 he is protected better than some of the world leaders . '' 
 `` so why would he want us to go along ? '' 
 `` he is simply doing it as a favour to me . 
 he does n't really need us . '' 
 `` tell me about his head of security . '' 
 for the rest of the drive to rome , beppe brought simon up to speed on the security measures in place , their travel arrangements , the body guards currently employed by stefano , and the type of assassination attempts carried out during the last 15 years . 
 once they arrived at the airport in rome , they made their way to a private hangar where , once cleared by the security team , were greeted by stefano . 
 stefano was approximately the same age as beppe and looked a lot like him . 
 he was wearing an armani suit and , from a barely visible bulge in his jacket , carried a pistol . 
 stefano greeted beppe like a long lost brother . 
 the two of them made several jokes about each other 's age and the amount of grey hair they had acquired over the years . 
 once introductions were over , everyone boarded the private jet and immediately set off for malaysia . 
 simon got to know everyone very quickly . 
 the bodyguards were all professionals in their 40s . 
 the security lead , boris , was a russian who was reputed as having had seen many years of active service in the kgb . 
 he did not like simon being there and was happy to voice this opinion . 
 after a quick scheduled refuelling stop in mumbai , most passengers took the chance to get some rest . 
 `` ca n't you sleep young man ? '' 
 simon looked up surprised to see stefano standing there . 
 `` i tried but i seem to be unable to keep my eyes closed . '' 
 `` i guess you do have a lot on your mind . '' 
 simon correctly assumed that beppe must have told stefano about the recent few days . 
 `` i thought finding my dad was going to be easier '' whispered simon whilst looking down at his hands . 
 `` you know , your father has never placed himself first . 
 i bet he had a perfectly good reason to avoid being found by you . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` so , 15 years ! '' 
 added simon in an attempt to change the topic . 
 `` 15 years indeed '' responded stefano whilst a melancholic tinge flooded his pupils . '' 
 `` did they ever come close ? '' 
 `` i lost my wife and my daughter . 
 my only son had to go into hiding and i have not seen him for 10 years . 
 the last time we caught up , a bomb was set off in the restaurant where we were eating and severely wounded us . 
 so , i would say ` yes ! ' 
 they have come close . '' 
 `` have you ever considered ending it by retaliating ? '' 
 `` i have often wanted to hire an assassin . 
 once i even paid someone . 
 but then i changed my mind a day later . 
 i do n't believe in cold killing . '' 
 `` but this is n't a case of cold killing . 
 it 's simply self-defence . '' 
 `` maybe , i always figured that he would be killed by someone else . 
 i now hope that whoever he is , he is close to dying of old age . '' 
 `` i 'm sad to say that i do n't think i have the morals you have . 
 i honestly would have placed a bounty on his head equating to the amount placed on yours . '' 
 `` young man , after all these years i am questioning many decisions that i have made . '' 
 and with that stefano stood up and moved back to his seat . 
 simon fell asleep thinking on how he would tell his mum that he had failed . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 asked beppe as stefano sat next to him . 
 `` he is a great kid . 
 definitely a chip off the old block ! '' 
 `` i worry a lot about him . 
 it seems that he too has had a difficult life . '' 
 `` beppe , i thank you for giving me the opportunity to have allowed me to meet him . 
 but you should not have placed yourselves at such risk . 
 i was more than happy for you to use one of my other jets . '' 
 `` i realise that , but i need to quickly train him to be able to cope with what lies ahead . 
 i thought this was a great opportunity . '' 
 `` beppe , after all these years , i have given up trying to understand you . 
 i never understood why you and stuart quit our business partnership . 
 and now i do n't understand why you place simon at risk . 
 i guess you always were the mysterious one in the family . '' 
 `` it 's good to see you brother ! '' 
 `` i agree . 
 i was looking forward to seeing you too . '' 
 after some further discussion on what lay ahead , both brothers fell asleep . 
 `` wake up ! '' 
 yelled boris mainly in simon 's direction . 
 `` we are about to land and you are wasting oxygen by having a sleep in '' he followed on . 
 simon , startled by the loud awakening , jumped in his seat . 
 `` we have a security brief at the back of the plane in 1 minute . 
 be there ! ' 
 called out boris as he walked away . 
 a minute later simon found himself attentively listening to the plan . 
 he would travel in the rear vehicle whilst beppe would travel in the middle vehicle with stefano . 
 the vehicle convoy was comprised of three land rovers with bodyguards in each . 
 in order to keep the route secret , only boris , who would travel in the front vehicle , knew the way . 
 upon landing , the jet taxied across the busy airport into a private hangar . 
 there , prior to exiting the jet , each bodyguard was given a steyr rifle , a bulletproof vest , and a radio transmitter , which allowed communication amongst themselves . 
 the issued steyr rifle was invented by an austrian company and built in australia . 
 this version of the steyr came with magazines able to hold 50 5.56 millimetre rounds and had an improved telescopic site . 
 it was able to fire up to 90 rounds per minute when used in a fully automatic mode . 
 due to the usage of the short barrel , which was initially developed for close quarter combat , this weapon was ideal to be used in vehicles . 
 `` boris , i hate to change your plan , but beppe and simon will be the drivers for their allocated vehicles '' ordered stefano in a very thick northern italian accent . 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 replied boris without displaying a hint of emotions . 
 `` kid , i assume you know how to drive a car in a convoy '' called out boris almost as a criticism . 
 `` he will be fine '' interjected beppe `` i 'll be fine '' replied simon whilst reminding himself that he did n't even have a car licence . 
 `` if you get lost or it gets too much , hand over the keys to gerry '' directed boris whilst pointing to one of the other bodyguards also travelling in the last vehicle . 
 gerry was a very quiet and tall man who regularly glanced into the distance searching for any threats . 
 his lack of expression made it difficult for anyone to assess his emotions : something that assisted him when playing poker at various casinos in his spare time . 
 gerry was in his mid 40s and , added by a scar across his left eye eyebrow , had an intimidating demeanour . 
 a few minutes later , the three vehicles left the airport . 
 driving the last vehicle proved to be more difficult than expected . 
 unlike standard convoys where drivers had to ensure that the vehicle behind was always within visual distance , in this scenario it was up to the vehicle behind to be able to keep up . 
 in order to achieve this , simon had to drive through several intersections where the traffic lights had changed to red as the second vehicle went through . 
 on two occasions he also had to drive on the opposite side of the road to overtake vehicles that had managed to force themselves in front of him . 
 despite the ongoing challenges experienced by simon as a driver , all in all , he was enjoying the experience . 
 `` we should be almost there ! '' 
 screamed gerry over the local traffic noise . 
 `` how long have you been working for stefano ? '' 
 asked simon `` only a year . 
 with the exception of boris , we are all fairly new '' gerry smiled back . 
 `` are the security team regularly changed ? '' 
 asked simon unsure why this would be the case . 
 `` no . 
 a year ago the team was caught in an ambush . 
 most of the guards died . 
 mr. stefano , boris and alex here , were the only survivors . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 simon asked looking at alex in the rear-view mirror . 
 alex was a 6-foot dutchman who looked like a guy who had got beaten up in high school but trained to make sure it was n't ever going to happen again . 
 despite a fixed smile , he had an intimidating air about him that was most likely created by his stature and the scars across his face . 
 `` we were in spain and whilst driving down a small lane , we were blocked in by two bombs that collapsed buildings at each end of the lane . 
 once trapped , we came under fire by snipers on the roof . 
 i was the driver of the second vehicle and only had enough time to drag mr. stefano out of the car and into a building . '' 
 `` they went to all that effort but left a way out ? '' 
 asked simon surprised at alex 's comment . 
 `` no ! 
 i used this baby to drill a door into the closest wall , '' replied alex with a smile as he lifted an automatic grenade launcher . 
 `` how did boris get out of there ? '' 
 `` he said he fought his way back to our vehicle and then found my escape route . 
 although , it took him a day before he knew what had happened to us . '' 
 `` really ? 
 did n't you have communication devices ? '' 
 `` it was hit by a bullet . 
 and once i got mr. stefano out of the ambush , i hijacked a taxi and drove him to the french border . 
 there we chartered a helicopter that took us to verona in italy . 
 once there , mr. beppe hid us for a few weeks . 
 boris was called from the helicopter and told to go and hire a new team . 
 he caught up with us two weeks later . '' 
 `` how long has boris been with mr. stefano ? '' 
 `` do n't know . 
 i think for quite a while . 
 he too has scars from the near misses . '' 
 `` i 've heard he took a bullet for mr. stefano whilst they were on a trip in greece '' added gerry . 
 suddenly , before gerry could continue with his story , a garbage truck appeared from nowhere giving simon no time to avoid it . 
 the truck rammed itself into the driver side of the land rover , and would have killed the passenger , if simon had not instinctively managed to initiate a handbrake turn ; this reduced the impact angle and avoided the land rover receiving the full force of a direct hit . 
 instead it was simply thrown into a spin . 
 `` kid are you ok ? '' 
 simon heard a distant muffled voice in the darkness . 
 `` i 'm ok ! '' 
 replied simon , even though his ears were ringing and everything around him was fuzzy . 
 `` then for the love of god , shoot back !! '' 
 the distant voice shouted out in distress . 
 simon 's disorientation started to fade away . 
 he realized he had been thrown out of the vehicle and was lying on the ground beside it . 
 a rainstorm of bullets was falling around him . 
 as he looked up he could see alex firing through the shattered window , the right side of his face was glittering with embedded glass shrapnel . 
 gerry was sitting on the ground close by , his back leaned against the car and was firing in the opposite direction , and simon noticed that gerry 's leg was completely covered in blood `` kid , we need your help ! '' 
 yelled gerry . 
 simon , still somewhat dazed , reached for the steyr lying by his side and sat up against the tyre and focussed on the same direction as gerry . 
 what he saw was of over 30 men running towards them firing their weapons . 
 simon felt the adrenalin build up and in a flash he pulled the trigger to the second pressure point , which spewed a shower of rounds at his assailants , cutting one down at the knees . 
 `` preserve your rounds ! 
 take well-aimed shots ! 
 only use automatic as a last resort ! '' 
 called out alex `` magazine change ! '' 
 yelled gerry simon , unsure as to the reason followed suit by also calling out `` magazine change ! '' 
 alex , hearing both of the calls , immediately turned and commenced firing in the same direction as gerry and simon . 
 `` on ! '' 
 yelled gerry . 
 instantly alex returned firing back in the opposite direction . 
 `` kid , if we want to get through this we can not afford to have the both of us changing an empty magazine at the same time . 
 keep a count of the rounds fired by all three of us , so that you can control your rate and be able to plan a magazine change ! '' 
 yelled alex `` ok ! '' 
 called simon as he recommenced firing at the assassins . 
 bullets kept on ricocheting all around them with several embedding themselves into the panels of the car . 
 all three of them were at some point either grazed by bullets or hit in the chest . 
 although , they all wore bulletproof vests , the impact of a round incapacitated them for a few seconds whilst they managed to regain their breath . 
 `` alex , we wo n't last much longer unless you can gain access to the grenade launcher ! '' 
 gerry called out seconds before another round hit his chest and winded him again . 
 `` ok ! 
 kid get up and provide me some cover whilst i try to get into the vehicle ! '' 
 simon immediately stood up and started firing . 
 alex quickly moved to the back of the vehicle and opened the back door . 
 he promptly grabbed the sniper rifle and threw it onto the ground next to gerry . 
 he then picked up the automatic grenade launcher and fired a few rounds at the spot where he had attempted to eliminate two assailants earlier . 
 simon instinctively turned , lowered one knee and opened fired a split second before gerry called out `` magazine change !!! '' 
 gerry was impressed with how quickly simon had learned to keep count of everyone 's rounds . 
 three seconds later gerry recommenced firing . 
 simon continued with his barrage of bullets . 
 `` that 's ok kid , they are no longer a problem ! '' 
 called out alex the hammer struck the firing pin and the immediate propulsion imbedded the pin into the igniting cap . 
 a loud explosion of the gunpowder compressed in the bullet casing rang out . 
 the subsequent energy instantly drove the bullet forward biting into several grooves edged along the length of the rifle barrel . 
 the bullet exited the barrel breaking the sound barrier whilst spiralling towards its target . 
 beppe , in the middle of a magazine change , heard the sound of a loud clap made by a bullet speeding passed him at close range . 
 having missed its intended target , the bullet continued on in the direction of the last vehicle . 
 100 metres later , the bullet found its flight environment change from air to soft tissue and began to tumble . 
 within a split second , the bullet is again flying through air but this time tumbling instead of spiralling . 
 however , the freedom of air flight is short lived as the bullet imbeds itself into the inside panel of the land rover 's rear door . 
 `` ah ! 
 crap ! 
 just my luck ! '' 
 alex instinctively calls out `` what ! 
 are you hit ? '' 
 gerry immediately responds `` i 'm ok . 
 my lucky shirt has just been ruined . 
 knowing my luck i will not only be unable to sew up the hole , but i will also struggle to remove the blood stain ! '' 
 alex joked whilst holding back the pain . 
 `` you 've been hit ! '' 
 yelled simon in shock from seeing the shoulder wound just sustained by alex `` kid , nothing passes you by ! '' 
 joked alex as he threw the grenade launcher to gerry . 
 gerry wasted no time and offloaded all of the grenades left in the launcher in the direction of their attackers . 
 the effect was instant . 
 the grenades detonations killed , injured and stunned the attackers within their proximity . 
 those who were not immediately killed by the shrapnel , either lay on the floor unable to fire because of injury , or were afraid of further grenades . 
 `` ok , they are all taking cover . 
 we need to take this opportunity to go to the aid of the second vehicle ! '' 
 called out gerry . 
 simon , concerned about their immediate threat , had forgotten about the other vehicles . 
 he could not see the lead vehicle , but the sight only 100 metres in front of him , left him horrified . 
 the second vehicle had also been hit by a truck and was on its side completely engulfed in flames . 
 `` gerry , i am leaving behind some proximity grenades . 
 if anyone comes within metres of their sensors they will be in for a big surprise ! '' 
 called out alex. `` go ! 
 i 've got your back ! '' 
 shouted gerry above the deafening noise , as he picked up the 30 calibre sniper rifle . 
 alex and simon zigzagged hiding behind the cars that were parked on both sides of the road , as the bullets whistled past them . 
 they staggered their movements - as one was running to the next firing position , the other provided covering fire . 
 gerry , now lying on his stomach covered his comrades with his sniper rifle . 
 `` gerry , on the roof ! '' 
 shouted simon into his communication microphone as he noticed a few armed men appearing to his right . 
 gerry wasted no time eliminating the threat . 
 on the other side of the world , agents in the mi6 control centre were watching the ambush on multiple projector screens . 
 the first view was a live feed from a satellite travelling within visual range for the last 15 minutes . 
 although the image was being captured hundreds of kilometres above the street level , they could clearly see the round cartridges being ejected from gerry 's rifle . 
 the second screen showed a closer view , taken by an agent currently hiding in an apartment near the location where the third vehicle had been hit . 
 the agent was following the convoy when the ambush was sprung . 
 on direct orders , he immediately found a location where he could film the events that followed . 
 `` situation report ! '' 
 ` beta ' ordered as he entered the room . 
 `` sir , the convoy has been ambushed . 
 numerous hostile deaths . 
 subject has received minor wounds but nothing of concern '' replied one of the analysts . 
 `` how is he responding to the threat ? '' 
 ` beta ' asked whilst closely staring at simon fighting his way up the street . 
 `` his instincts as a driver probably saved them . 
 he has not hesitated shooting at the attackers . 
 so far he has most likely taken out seven targets without hesitation . 
 he seems to be learning very quickly from the other two bodyguards covering his ` six ' . 
 he has been hit three times but fortunately all from a distance and stopped by his bullet proof vest . '' 
 `` that is great ! 
 but self defence is not what we are looking for '' ` beta ' added as he now moved to the third screen where the agency database details were appearing on every subject identified by the facial recognition software . 
 `` interesting reading about the two bodyguards in the vehicle with simon . 
 he seems to work well with them '' ` beta ' observed whilst casting his eyes across the second screen and admiring . 
 `` did any of them work for us in the past ? '' 
 `` sir , with the exception of mr. beppe , and some financial assistance by mr. stefano , nobody else has been on our books '' answered another analyst . 
 `` so , why do these two characters look familiar ? '' 
 `` sir , alex was employed for many years as a body guard for the dutch royal family . 
 you most likely saw him five years ago when they visited the queen . 
 as for ` gerry ' there are no records of him . '' 
 `` no records !? 
 i pay millions of pounds to have the database up to date , and yet we have no records of him ! 
 ok , make a new entry in the database . '' 
 `` sir , we have a situation here ! '' 
 called out the agent recording the battle in malaysia . 
 `` i see it ! '' 
 ` beta ' replied as he stared at a group of men on a roof setting up a mini-gun onto a tripod . 
 `` ok agent 3a , let 's keep the odds even ! '' 
 ` beta ' ordered the agent did not reply . 
 a split second later the staff in the control centre witnessed the men with the mini-gun simply collapsing to the ground . 
 `` even ! '' 
 reported agent 3a alex , from the corner of his eye , noticed the presence of some men directly to his top right on the rooftop of a building . 
 he immediately repositioned himself to take them out at their next appearance . 
 after 30 seconds , alex switched the sight to thermal imagery . 
 to his surprise , behind the cornice wall he saw two bodies lying down and losing body heat . 
 although their unexplained deaths were of concern , he switched back to provide cover to his two comrades . 
 during a magazine switch , he also noticed the high definition camera mounted in an apartment window to his top left but he decided to focus on the mission at hand . 
 `` i have been compromised ! '' 
 called out agent 3a `` yes you have ! 
 provide me a close-up of the second vehicle . 
 then leave the camera switched on and move to the collection point ! '' 
 ` beta ' ordered , having read alex 's expression as he looked up in the direction of agent 3c . 
 `` that 's a tough break ! '' 
 observed one of the analysts . 
 `` hardly ! 
 mr. alex taking out our agent with his rifle would have been a tough break ! '' 
 ` beta ' observed . 
 `` simon look out !! '' 
 gerry yelled as he fired at an attacker directly in front of his young comrade . 
 the attacker , who had been pretending to be dead , suddenly stood up and raised his weapon toward the teenager . 
 although the trick had worked , gerry fired just in time to prevent the attacker from pulling the trigger . 
 even though in the last few minutes gerry , alex and simon had managed to eliminate most of the attackers , the bullets kept on flying by in waves . 
 it appeared that men equipped with automatic weapons were firing most of the rounds from two points . 
 the street sounded like a gun battle in iraq . 
 the locals , who had been in hiding for 10 minutes before the ambush was sprung , could hear the gun battle taking place . 
 there were explosions from the numerous bullets being fired , wounded men calling out for help in malay , thuds from the bullets hitting building walls , the explosion of several burning cars , orders being yelled in italian , and vibrations from the explosion of grenades . 
 `` go ! '' 
 called out simon in italian as he laid several rounds down the road . 
 `` move ! '' 
 replied gerry as he took cover behind a vehicle whilst providing covering fire to alex. `` magazine change ! ' 
 simon alerted gerry . 
 `` alex can you hear me ? '' 
 gerry called out in the mouthpiece . 
 `` go ahead ! '' 
 alex replied . 
 `` i 'm not sure we can go much further before one of us gets permanently hit . 
 can you reposition to a better firing location . '' 
 `` sorry man ! 
 i have now been hit in both legs and it would take me a long time to crawl to a better position ! '' 
 alex replied disappointed . 
 `` some hand grenades would be great right now ! '' 
 gerry contemplated aloud whilst firing a few more rounds at the attackers now located only 20 metres ahead . 
 `` i can help with that ! '' 
 simon called out over the airways . 
 gerry , from across the street , looked at simon removing his backpack and pulling out what appeared to be three yoyos . 
 he then noticed the young man pressing three different locations on one of the yoyos prior to throwing it at waist height in the direction of one of the strongholds . 
 immediately after the yoyo device was thrown , two small plastic blades unfolded outwards giving greater stability during its flight . 
 the yoyo travelled evenly towards one of the targets barely losing any height . 
 at first gerry thought that simon had overshot the target area as it looked like the yoyo device passed the attackers several meters to their side . 
 however , as the yoyo device came in line with the attackers , it tilted to the left and exploded with its complete force blowing shrapnel at its victims . 
 the explosion was so deafening that everyone in the street stopped firing momentarily as they instinctively used their hands to block their ears . 
 `` wow kid ! 
 what on earth was that ? '' 
 gerry called out over the radio despite his ears being in pain . 
 `` a little toy that supposedly has infrared sensors able to detect humans within five metres . 
 i was told that it travels up to 30 metres at a fairly constant height and once it detects people it tilts to face the target and explodes . 
 the label on top of the device states that it uses microscopic lead particles in order to have a higher concentration of shrapnel in its beaten zone -lrb- area where majority of shrapnel lands -rrb- '' simon replied whilst reading the top of one of the other yoyo devices . 
 `` i have to get me some of those ! 
 ok , let 's see if you can do it again with the second strong hold ! '' 
 the attackers on the right hand side of the road , although not aware of the technology used to eliminate their comrades , did realise that their end would quickly come if the teenager threw another one of those devices at them . 
 the leader , an experienced fighter , immediately gave the order for all four of them to fire all their rounds at the boy . 
 `` now ! '' 
 simon called out in order to prompt gerry to provide covering fire . 
 as simon stood up , a wave of bullets showered the surrounding area . 
 as his arm commenced the throwing action , a bullet found the soft tissue of his bicep . 
 to simon , the initial sensation was that of a teacher hitting his arm with a wooden ruler . 
 this was instantly forgotten as he realised that he had dropped the yoyo device at his feet . 
 he reacted by diving to the left side of the vehicle which he had been standing behind . 
 after ten eternal seconds with no explosion , simon crawled behind the vehicle and noticed that the `` armed '' indicator light was off . 
 `` are you ok kid ? '' 
 alex called out who witnessed the event through his sniper rifle scope . 
 `` yeah ! 
 there must be a giro that only arms the device when it has been thrown ! '' 
 simon replied , feeling relieved . 
 once again simon attempted to stand up and throw the device . 
 however , due to the bullet wound to his right arm , he found himself unable to throw the yoyo . 
 so simon opted to use his left arm instead to throw the yoyo . 
 unfortunately simon only manage to lob the device about 10 metres in front of them where it came to a standstill after a few bounces . 
 both simon and gerry quickly realised that it must need a certain amount of acceleration before it would arm . 
 `` kid , throw me one ! '' 
 gerry called out . 
 a few seconds later , gerry caught the device and pressed the required sequence of buttons for it to work . 
 `` boy , am i glad this yoyo does n't come with a string to make it come back ! '' 
 joked gerry . 
 the attackers , now fully aware that their survival depended on keeping the teenager 's head down , completely focussed on simon 's position . 
 to their peril , they failed to see the yoyo device having been thrown across to the second shooter . 
 moments later , they helplessly watched the yoyo tilt in mid air and explode . 
 none of them survived . 
 `` ok . 
 let 's go ! '' 
 gerry called out . 
 although they provided covering fire whilst leapfrogging from one vehicle to the next , they were pleased to see that nobody was returning any fire . 
 as they reached the two positions neutralised by the yoyo devices , both bodyguards felt nauseous from the sight . 
 simon was the first to arrive at the second vehicle . 
 on the other side he was relieved to find his master and stefano still alive . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 simon asked , quickly realising that they were both injured . 
 `` yeah kid ! 
 we 're too tough to die ! ' 
 stefano joked with a smile . 
 `` simon , do n't drop your guard now . 
 secure this site ! '' 
 gerry lectured . 
 simon looked around unsure as to the meaning of the latest instruction . 
 `` kid , he means get on your guts and face out in case anyone else comes at us '' calmly explained beppe who , like stefano , was lying on his side whilst applying pressure to a bullet wound . 
 simon did as instructed . 
 `` gerry , what was the evacuation plan in the event that we were attacked ? '' 
 asked simon wanting desperately to get his master to a hospital . 
 `` i 've already called the secondary team . 
 their choppers will be here in 2 minutes '' stefano replied . 
 `` how is everyone doing for ammo ? '' 
 a radio call came from alex. `` we 're both empty '' replied beppe . 
 `` sorry buddy ! 
 we had forgotten about you ! 
 we 'll come and get you shortly ! '' 
 gerry replied . 
 `` no do n't ! 
 i am fine here . 
 you need to keep your area secure until the second team arrives . '' 
 for a few minutes everyone stood in silence listening to the moaning and crying of several wounded attackers . 
 suddenly , from the location of the first vehicle , they spotted boris walking calmly in their direction . 
 although he walked with a limp , he did n't take long to reach their position . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 stefano asked with concern whilst pointing at boris ' injured leg . 
 `` yes , thanks boss ! 
 i got pinned under the vehicle '' boris replied who was now standing in between stefano and beppe . 
 `` signor beppe , would you mind passing me your pistol as right now you do n't seem in any condition to use it and i 'm all out of ammo ! '' 
 boris asked whilst looking in the direction of the third vehicle . 
 `` it seems you got the brunt of the attack . 
 you two have done well '' observed boris . 
 `` so , how did they know we were going to use this road ? '' 
 simon whispered in anger . 
 `` that 's a good question simon . 
 boris ? '' 
 stefano asked . 
 `` you have five seconds to answer ! '' 
 boris called out as he raised beppe 's pistol towards gerry 's head . 
 `` you got it wrong man ! '' 
 replied gerry as he stood up holding his hands in the air and leaving his weapon on the ground . 
 simon followed suit and stood up also leaving his rifle on the ground . 
 once on his feet , he unholstered the pistol from under his jacket . 
 `` young man , please step away from gerry '' boris ordered . 
 simon turned to look gerry in the eyes whilst attempting to make sense of the accusation . 
 `` i was once told that as humans we mostly tend to ask questions for which we already know the answers '' simon observed as he raised his pistol at boris . 
 `` what do you think you are doing ? 
 do n't be a fool ! '' 
 boris called out . 
 simon , appearing to not have a care in the world pulled the trigger . 
 boris , having been hit in the left knee let out a scream as he placed his weight on the other leg in order not to fall to the ground . 
 `` you are a fool ! 
 i have been protecting mr. stefano for a long time . 
 and if i wanted to betray him i could have simply killed him in his sleep . 
 gerry and mr. stefano were the only other two who knew of the route ! '' 
 boris lectured simon whilst still pointing the pistol at gerry . 
 simon took a few steps placing himself between boris and gerry . 
 `` he was only told at the airport . 
 he never had the opportunity to inform the attackers as i stayed with him the whole time . 
 i sincerely doubt mr. stefano has any interest in placing his own life at risk . 
 of the three who knew of the route , you seem to be the only one who has no bullet wounds '' simon calmly explained whilst stepping closer to boris . 
 `` you might be right ! 
 we might have been tailed and once we got close to the destination point , the attackers might have quickly setup the ambush . 
 i might be over reacting ! 
 never the less , you are a loose cannon kid ! '' 
 boris lectured . 
 simon pulled the trigger once more and took out the remaining healthy knee . 
 although boris instantly fell to the ground , this time he did not show the pain that he felt from the second bullet hitting him . 
 `` simon stop ! '' 
 stefano called out . 
 `` there were no people on the street . 
 nobody has yet peeked from the offices and apartments despite being in the middle of the day . 
 i have never seen malaysian streets so empty . 
 i bet that this street was closed off to the public and the locals have evacuated before our arrival . 
 stefano , how many people are you going to let die just so that you can have a clean conscious about ordering the elimination of your threat ? '' 
 simon stated feeling the anger build within him . 
 as simon finished speaking , boris rolled on his side , pointing his pistol at simon and pulled the trigger . 
 the second that the hammer struck the pistol firing pin , boris realised that the weapon had no ammunition left . 
 simon turned to look at the man lying on the ground and shot another round . 
 this time hitting his right arm . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 boris pleaded . 
 `` boris , can you hear the helicopters ? 
 they are about to come to our rescue and take us to the hospital . 
 the way i see it you either come clean , or i will leave you here to slowly bleed to death '' threatened simon as he shot boris ' other arm . 
 `` please stop ! 
 ok ! 
 i 'll come clean ! '' 
 confessed boris , now struggling with the pain . 
 `` gerry , please go and get alex ! '' 
 ordered simon . 
 `` so , did you give away our route ? '' 
 asked simon . 
 `` yes ! 
 i have been happy to protect you for all these years stefano . 
 but i can no longer stand working for a gutless man . 
 you should have retaliated many years ago . 
 when i was offered more money to work with your enemy , someone with real guts , it was an easy decision to make ! '' 
 yelled boris feeling himself close to passing out . 
 `` i cared for you ! 
 i paid you a fortune . 
 i considered you as one of my closest friends '' replied stefano feeling completely devastated by the betrayal . 
 `` so stefano , how many more lives are you going to sacrifice ? '' 
 questioned simon again . 
 stefano forced himself to his feet and looked across the street at all of the men who had died because of a personal vendetta . 
 he then looked down at his brother and whilst focussing on his wounds stated : `` i am sorry beppe . 
 i should have listened to you when all of this started . 
 i have been a fool ! 
 you are right simon , i need to bring this to an end and it seems that i have no choice but to fight fire with fire '' stefano replied apologetically , as he looked into simon 's bloodshot eyes . 
 simon , without breaking the stare back into stefano 's eyes , fired one more round ending the pain experienced by boris . 
 `` no ! '' 
 yelled stefano in shock for the cold murder just witnessed . 
 although beppe was contemplating taking simon 's pistol and doing the same , he was completely stunned by his pupil 's actions . 
 `` i have n't killed him . 
 the last round was a special bullet that sedated its target . 
 according to the instructions boris will be asleep for 2 to 3 hours . 
 simon , was about to suggest a plan for boris when the two helicopters suppressed all other noises . 
 the helicopters landed either side of the second vehicle . 
 the downward pressure of the rotors lifted the dirt from the ground and drove it at great speed towards the survivors who had to use their spare hands to cover their eyes . 
 from the helicopters , numerous men in black uniforms came running to their rescue . 
 among them , the leader immediately approached stefano concerned about his well being . 
 simon stepped in the way before the leader could speak to stefano . 
 `` i want you to use your helicopter to take all of the wounded to a nearby hospital . 
 that includes those who are still alive amongst our attackers . 
 we also have two of our own back at the third vehicle . 
 i will stay behind with the second helicopter to make sure that the dead bodies are taken to a nearby morgue ! '' 
 ordered simon . 
 `` kid , that 's a nice gesture but our concern is only for our men ! '' 
 replied the leader of the rescue team . 
 `` i am in no mood for arguments ! '' 
 simon highlighted as he raised his arm and pointed his pistol to the leader 's head . 
 the leader , surprised by the aggressive action , looked past simon into stefano eyes . 
 stefano supported simon 's order with a nodding of his head . 
 the leader instantly turned around and commenced barking orders to his troops . 
 shortly after , alex and gerry , helped by two of the uniformed men , arrived at the first helicopter . 
 alex , once seated next to beppe , whispered something into his ear . 
 beppe , registering what he had just been told , forced himself back to his feet onto the ground and hopped a few feet forward . 
 `` what is he doing ? ' 
 asked ` beta ' as he watched the old man struggling to stay on his feet . 
 `` he seems to be looking back towards our way . 
 has he spotted the camera ? '' 
 as ` beta ' considered the comment made by one of his staff , he looked attentively at the old man now reaching for something in his pocket . 
 after a few seconds he watched the italian gentleman extending his arm in the direction of the camera whilst holding something small and rectangular in his hand . 
 `` zoom in ! '' 
 ordered ` beta ' `` it 's a mobile phone and its display has an open sms with the letter ` ' b '' called out one of the analysts whilst staring at a close-up of the object in the hand . 
 `` commander , patch me through ! '' 
 ordered ` beta ' the naval commander took a few seconds to register the order . 
 beppe held the phone in the air for a minute before it began ringing . 
 `` enjoying the show ? '' 
 beppe spoke into his mobile phone before giving the other party a chance to speak . 
 `` busy morning ! '' 
 a robotic voice replied to beppe . 
 `` i still think that if you changed to a female encrypted voice , you would have less enemies in the world ! '' 
 observed beppe . 
 `` i can see that ageing is finally doing justice to your humour ! '' 
 joked back ` beta ' `` i guess i should thank you for taking care of the guys on the roof . '' 
 `` i just like keeping the odds balanced '' stated ` beta ' not surprised that beppe had found this out . 
 `` then again , you never did me any favours . 
 i can only assume that there is something in it for you . '' 
 `` gee , your gratefulness was certainly short lived ! '' 
 ` beta ' stated into the handset . 
 `` as you can see i have to take off or else i 'll be running late for my appointment with a pretty nurse . 
 once i 'm finished i 'll expect some explanations ! '' 
 `` sure . 
 let 's say in one hour ! '' 
 `` you and i both know that you 'll be informed the instant the last bandage is fastened . 
 just call me ! 
 one more thing , send a team in to clean this mess up . 
 we 'll take the dead bodies in the street to the morgue ; you 'll have to take care of those on the roof . '' 
 beppe terminated the call before he gave ` beta ' a chance to answer . 
 he then hopped back into the helicopter that was ready to depart . 
 as the blackhawk lifted vertically he gave a quick wave to simon who was looking up from the ground whilst directing the collection of the dead bodies . 
 `` thanks alex ! 
 you were right on the money ! '' 
 `` you are welcome ! 
 by the way , hell of a kid you have there ! '' 
 `` i know ! 
 his father would be proud of him ! '' 
 `` ok commander you know what to do ! '' 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 replied the naval officer . 
 `` how is our boy in italy going ? '' 
 asked ` beta ' expecting that the screen would switch to the live footage from verona . 
 `` sir ! 
 he has passed with flying colours . 
 he is currently recovering in hospital resulting from a few minor injuries incurred during the gun battle '' replied another naval officer . 
 `` psych profile ? '' 
 `` here it is sir . '' 
 simon arrived at the hospital 20 minutes after the first helicopter landed . 
 he was immediately met by a nurse with a wheelchair : to which he cordially declined . 
 within minutes he was having his wounds attended to . 
 after some scans and medical inspections of the wounds , it was decided that he needed a minor operation to his injured arm . 
 the whole procedure took 45 minutes . 
 `` are you ok kid ? '' 
 beppe asked , concerned about his pupil 's wellbeing . 
 simon was standing at the entrance to one of the operating theatres talking in malay to the surgeon . 
 after he thanked the doctor for the update on his two older comrades , simon turned his full attention to his master . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . 
 you ? '' 
 `` the advantage of getting old is that the skin gets tougher '' joked beppe `` seriously ! '' 
 `` i 'm ok . 
 i had to have several stitches and a tetanus shot . 
 other than that , just filled with guilt . '' 
 `` do n't be . 
 you have been nothing but kind to me . 
 i do n't blame you for today 's events . '' 
 after a few minutes of silence , simon spoke . 
 `` i 'll have to go and buy some clothes . 
 mum will freak if she sees me like this '' joked simon with a smile on his face . 
 `` i think we 'll all need a new wardrobe '' winked signor beppe `` how is signor stefano ? '' 
 `` he 's in theatre as well . 
 he 'll pull through ! ' 
 `` were you ever going to tell me ? '' 
 asked simon whilst avoiding his master 's eyes . 
 `` probably not ! 
 in this industry publicising about one 's family will eventually make them a target . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 i guess that 's why dad has disappeared out of our life and now he is avoiding me . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 a few more minutes of silence passed by . 
 this time the master spoke first . 
 `` you did the right thing . '' 
 `` in regards to boris ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 i 'm sure that once he wakes up , he 'll be ready to tell all . '' 
 `` i looked into his eyes and i felt pure evil . '' 
 `` i would like to tell you that it 'll all be ok and over time you 'll forget today 's event . 
 unfortunately , the reality is that the nightmares will eventually catch up to you and stay with you for the rest of your life . '' 
 `` i always believed that people were mostly good and only resorted to being bad because life had dealt them an unfair destiny . 
 but when i looked into boris ' eyes , i knew he was evil because he enjoyed it . '' 
 `` simon , i spent my life fighting such men . 
 sadly there are more of them than the world is willing to accept . '' 
 `` did you make a difference ? '' 
 `` i 'd like to think so . 
 at first i did it because of pride , then i was distracted by the wealth it brought me for being good at it , and finally i did it because if nobody stood up to them it would quickly turn our world into chaos . 
 i did not want this for my family and friends . '' 
 `` were you ever worried that you 'd get addicted to it ? 
 or that you would without realising become just as evil as those you hunted ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 never ! 
 do n't get me wrong , at one point i loved the adrenalin rush and looked forward to the next mission . 
 that is until the night would come and with it the nightmares . 
 for years i tried hard to lose them , ... but as time went on i realised they were my saviour from insanity and evil . '' 
 `` your name is not really beppe ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i honestly do n't remember ! '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` it has been a lifetime since i used it or heard it ! 
 i honestly do not remember it . '' 
 `` what about your brother , he would remember ! '' 
 `` i was adopted into his family at the age of 14 . 
 when i was initially found by the agency i lied about my name . 
 so , as you can gather , even stefano has never known my birth name . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` me too . 
 although in this industry i have changed my name more times than i have changed my underwear . '' 
 `` well , that 's a great way to force me to change conversation . '' 
 they both burst into a belly laugh . 
 `` what did mi6 say ? '' 
 asked simon almost making his master choke on his saliva `` how did you know ? '' 
 `` basically intuition and bluffing . '' 
 `` i see , you just bluffed me into confirming it for you . 
 i am getting too old and you are too quick '' laughed beppe `` they gave me the answer to our question . '' 
 `` do i want to know ? '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 i need to take care of mum first '' replied simon after thinking about it for a while . 
 `` speaking of which , stefano is lending you one of the helicopters to get to your mamma . 
 i also got a message through to the inspector lau who you had told me about . '' 
 `` do they know about today ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` any news about mum ? '' 
 `` she is doing ok , considering . 
 she is out of hospital and staying as a guest at the inspector 's home . 
 his daughter has apparently taken some leave to look after her . '' 
 `` i need to go and get some clothes now ! '' 
 simon decided as he promptly stood up . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 an hour later both master and student returned to the hospital with a new set of clothes . 
 they then proceeded to use the staff 's change room to shower and get into their new clothes . 
 when completed , beppe come out wearing a fitted suit whilst simon decided to wear t-shirt and shorts . 
 `` i know ! 
 but wearing a suit would make me a target to petty thieves ! '' 
 `` good luck simon . 
 the helicopter is outside waiting . 
 i 'll be up there in a day or so . '' 
 `` thanks signor beppe . 
 please give my apologies to the other three . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 they 'll understand . '' 
 the flight up to penang seemed to take forever . 
 upon arrival at the butterworth base , simon found inspector lau waiting for him . 
 after a quick hello , they both headed to see his mum . 
 simon found his mum sitting on the porch reading a book . 
 although she had regained some colour since he last saw her , simon felt alarmed by the amount of weight she had lost . 
 `` simon ! '' 
 candice called out with excitement as she jumped up and hugged her son . 
 `` i 'm so sorry mum ! 
 i failed ! 
 i did not find him ! '' 
 confessed simon unable to hold back his tears . 
 `` simon ! 
 you have not failed . 
 your dad was here ! 
 he only left this morning . '' 
 chapter 8 -- the end of a chapter simon , in shock , could not find any words . 
 all that he could do was simply hold his mum in his arms . 
 after a few minutes simon could feel his mum struggling to keep her balance , and helped her back down to the chair . 
 `` how long was he here for ? '' 
 `` a few days . 
 it was wonderful . 
 he turned up at the hospital acting as a specialist . 
 although he has had plastic surgery done to his face , his mannerisms gave him away instantly . 
 i initially went along with it but , as he began listening to my heartbeat , i started flirting with him . 
 it was hilarious ! '' 
 laughed candice . 
 `` i told him that my husband had left me many years ago and that i had n't been with a man since . 
 now that i was on my death bed , i was kind of hoping he would have it in his heart to allow me to relive certain experiences . '' 
 ` what did he say ?! '' 
 simon eventually asked as his mum took too long to continue telling the story . 
 `` he looked into my eyes and said `` i could never fool you candice '' '' `` why did he leave ? '' 
 asked simon feeling impatient `` he did n't want to be here when you returned . '' 
 `` why ?! '' 
 `` he said that he had a few loose ends to tie up before it was safe for the two of you to meet . 
 he also had to get back to italy to prepare a few things . '' 
 `` italy ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` he said that you would tell me . '' 
 after a few seconds the reason came to simon . 
 `` mum , how would you feel about seeing our home in tuscany ? '' 
 `` really ? 
 i 'd love to ! '' 
 `` hello simon '' a soft calming voice called out . 
 ` hi deepa . '' 
 deepa approached simon and kissed him on the cheek . 
 `` thank you for looking after my mum . '' 
 `` you are welcome . 
 it was a great pleasure . '' 
 `` deepa , simon is taking me back to italy ! 
 we apparently have a house in tuscany . '' 
 `` that 's wonderful '' deepa replied excitedly although simon could sense an insincere undertone . 
 `` you are welcome to join us for a holiday in italy '' offered simon . 
 `` i 'll have a think about it . '' 
 after a while , once candice was satisfied by the detailed description provided by simon about the house in san gimignano , she decided to go for her daily siesta . 
 whilst his mum was asleep , simon took the opportunity to call signor beppe to arrange flights back to italy . 
 `` can i get you anything else ? '' 
 deepa asked as simon finished talking to beppe . 
 `` i 'm ok . 
 thanks deepa . '' 
 `` dad has gone to the supermarket as he wants to have a farewell feast . 
 and i was thinking of having some tea '' deepa explained in the hope that simon would get the hint . 
 `` actually , tea would be great ! '' 
 the two of them moved to the kitchen where for a while , over a cup of green tea , they discussed candice 's health . 
 `` it is a real pity that you are leaving '' deepa interjected as simon was talking about the pharmaceutical industry . 
 `` why do n't you come ? '' 
 asked simon , although unsure if it was a good idea as for some unknown reason kiara also came to mind . 
 deepa did not answer and simply stared into simon 's eyes . 
 `` deepa , i hope not to offend you when i say this , but i am at a point in my life where i have no idea what is going to happen from one minute to the next . 
 sadly , that means that for the near future i am unable to commit to any relationship '' explained simon hoping that deepa understood that by ` committing ' he was referring to getting involved with someone . 
 `` sorry simon , i think i might have given you the wrong impression . 
 i was simply insinuating that it was nice to finally have some friends . 
 since mum has passed away , my only real company has been dad '' replied deepa trying to hide her true emotions . 
 `` oh ! 
 i am the one who is sorry for embarrassing you '' simon quickly replied feeling relieved and disappointed at the same time . 
 `` would you like to give me a hand preparing dessert for tonight 's dinner ? '' 
 `` love to ! '' 
 replied simon . 
 they spent the rest of the afternoon preparing the dessert and joking around . 
 both simon and deepa inadvertently realised that it had been a long while since they had had such an enjoyable time . 
 shortly after inspector lau returned with his groceries , candice also came down from the bedroom and helped them with the dinner preparations . 
 `` that was signor beppe . 
 he 'll be getting here this evening and i 've invited him for dinner '' inspector lau informed as he hung up the phone . 
 `` i 'm sorry for the intrusion '' apologised simon whilst looking forward to seeing his master . 
 `` do n't be silly . 
 i am the one who invited him to join us for dinner ! '' 
 `` who is signor beppe ? '' 
 asked deepa feeling left out . 
 `` when i was in italy i rented a room at his house . 
 his family took great care of me . 
 signor beppe also helped me to get back here '' simon replied not wanting to tell more than required . 
 `` i that case i am glad that i 'll get to meet him . 
 from what you have told him , i am indebted to him for all of the kindness that he has shown you ! '' 
 added candice . 
 `` did n't you come back via a private jet to kuala lumpur and then caught a helicopter ride back to butterworth ? 
 he must be really wealthy ! '' 
 commented deepa in an attempt to learn more . 
 `` he owns a few pharmacies in italy and his son manages the one in treviso for him . 
 so , although he appears to have a very comfortable life , he is not that wealthy . 
 we were simply passengers on a jet that an old friend of his owns . 
 the helicopter also belongs to his friend '' replied simon rapidly searching for a way to divert the conversation elsewhere . 
 `` so , why did signor beppe also come to malaysia ? '' 
 `` he is retired and i think took me on as a project to keep himself busy . 
 i did n't mind as i needed all the help i could get '' added simon not wanting to mention the connection between his dad and his master . 
 until then , it did not occur to him that his mum might have known of signor beppe . 
 `` ok , best we get back to work or we 'll have nothing to serve to our guest for dinner ! '' 
 joked inspector lau . 
 within the hour the table was set and dinner was almost ready . 
 on the table , a platter of antipasto consisting of cured meats , marinated vegetables , olives , and various cheeses was already served in order to satisfy everyone 's hunger whilst the first course was cooking . 
 as candice was heading to the bathroom to wash her hands , she heard a knock at the front door . 
 none of the others heard the door as they were all in the kitchen busily laughing at inspector lau who had accidentally pushed the cork into the wine bottle . 
 when candice opened the door , she found herself staring at an older gentleman wearing a tailored grey suit and holding two bunches of tulips . 
 `` buona sera . 
 you must be the beautiful candice ! '' 
 beppe introduced himself . 
 `` and you must be the elegant signor beppe ! '' 
 candice replied with a smile . 
 `` my lady , please call me beppe . 
 i am still too young to be referred to as ` signor '' ' beppe joked back . 
 `` please come in ! '' 
 candice offered as she stood back to allow the guest to enter . 
 `` it is an honour to meet the mother of such a great boy ! '' 
 beppe continued as he offered candice his right hand . 
 candice accepted the invitation for a handshake but found the back of her hand being gently kissed by the italian gentleman . 
 `` beppe , you certainly know how to make a lady blush ! '' 
 joked candice whilst genuinely blushing . 
 `` in that case , please accept these flowers as an apology for making you blush ! '' 
 beppe offered , unable to hold back a huge smile . 
 `` you should n't have . 
 tulips are my favourites ! '' 
 `` really ? 
 well i guess i made a lucky choice '' beppe lied . 
 `` i see you have a second bunch . 
 are you intending to sweep another lady off her feet ? '' 
 joked candice . 
 `` well , that 's not far from the truth . 
 i have heard that there is a second lady of the house . '' 
 `` and here i thought i was special ! 
 please , do come in . 
 the others are in the kitchen . '' 
 candice led the way to the kitchen where she announced the arrival of their guest . 
 simon , excited to see his master again , quickly approached him and gave him a hug . 
 deepa , still somewhat annoyed that too few answers were given to her about the guest , stood silently in a corner observing ` signor ' beppe . 
 the shock reaction came from inspector lau . 
 `` hello signor beppe !! 
 or is signor franco !! '' 
 called out inspector lau in complete disbelief and excitement about the person standing in his kitchen . 
 `` hello lau ! 
 it has been a very long time ! '' 
 smiled beppe . 
 `` and not to mention the fact that until a few seconds ago i would have thought an ` impossibility '' ' laughed lau as he approached his guest with open arms . 
 the two embraced like long lost brothers . 
 `` i did think the voice sounded familiar ! 
 why did n't you say anything over the phone ! '' 
 asked lau looking like a child who had just opened the christmas present he had always wanted . 
 `` you know me , i always like to surprise you ! '' 
 `` ok , this is where an explanation would be great ! '' 
 interjected simon . 
 `` i 'd say !! '' 
 said deepa , accidentally speaking the thought in her mind . 
 `` you must be the lady of the house ! '' 
 beppe stated , as her comments took his complete attention . 
 `` it is an honour to see you all grown up deepa ! '' 
 beppe followed on as he gently took deepa 's hand and proceeded to kiss it . 
 deepa simply stood frozen in place unsure what to say . 
 `` my dear , these are for you ! '' 
 `` tulips ! 
 they were my mother 's favourites ! '' 
 `` really ? 
 well i guess i made a lucky choice '' beppe lied again . 
 `` how do you know me ? '' 
 asked deepa , feeling uncomfortable that a stranger knew her . 
 `` signor beppe , well at the time he was signor franco , was based at the hong kong english embassy while we were living there . 
 `` we lived in hong kong ? '' 
 asked deepa stupefied . 
 `` yes ! 
 shortly after you were born , i was offered a transfer for two years lah . 
 signor beppe here was our neighbour and a close family friend lah . 
 in fact he lied about the lucky pick of flowers . 
 shortly after your mum and i arrived in hong kong we were invited for dinner by our neighbours , signor beppe and his wife maria . 
 over dinner your mum mentioned that she would love to travel to europe , particularly to see the tulip fields in holland . 
 a few days later , your mum received a special delivery of 100 tulips with a book on the history of the flower lah '' explained lau with fond memories . 
 `` the book in our library ! '' 
 deepa realised , connecting the dots . 
 `` i got the book as i thought that your mamma would love to know the history of the flower . 
 i got the 100 tulips delivered all the way from italy . 
 interestingly tulips are not a native european flower , but in fact they are traditionally from a mountain range located between afghanistan and pakistan '' explained beppe . 
 `` so , why the two names ? '' 
 asked deepa feeling pleased that more information was coming her way . 
 `` well my young lady , i was working in hong kong for the british government under the name of signor franco . 
 once the contract ended i returned home and reverted back to my true name '' `` and why did dad use the word ` impossibility ' ? '' 
 asked deepa feeling that she was on a roll . 
 `` well , let 's just say that i was doing some work that , if found out by one of the local asian neighbours , would have gotten the english government into a bit of a political mess . 
 unfortunately , it seems that someone got suspicious of me being there and approached our embassy armed with lots of uncomfortable questions . 
 so the british government , in all their wisdom , sent us back home ... . . 
 and published a report about a plane crash where two of its victims were a mr. and mrs bonetti . 
 i only got to find out about the ` fake ' plane story once i was back home '' explained beppe . 
 ` ok ! 
 let 's all move to the lounge room where i 'm sure beppe will continue to get the third degree by deepa '' lau ordered , whilst winking at deepa . 
 the rest of the dinner was a combination of european and malaysian cuisine . 
 the food was accompanied by great wine , lots of laughter , and serenity not felt by any of the guests for a long time . 
 at the end the night , beppe hesitantly agreed to stay in the guest room . 
 everyone but beppe retired shortly after 11pm . 
 signor beppe had some e-mails to read that he had printed earlier that day . 
 it was whilst he was sitting alone in the lounge room , that candice entered with two glasses of grappa . 
 `` care to join me for a night cap ? '' 
 asked candice , aware that beppe was deep in thought about what he was reading . 
 `` i would love to ! '' 
 replied beppe , unsure if his nose was betraying him . 
 `` i thought you 'd appreciate this . 
 i do n't have much left . '' 
 `` pretty soon you will be swimming in it ! '' 
 joked beppe after a few quiet sips of what signor beppe referred to as `` grape nectar '' , candice spoke again . 
 `` you know , it took me a while but i eventually remembered where i 'd seen you before . '' 
 `` really ! 
 we 've met before ? '' 
 beppe replied acting surprised . 
 `` now , now signor beppe ! 
 i do n't have much time left in me to play games ! '' 
 candice replied with a smile `` you were at my wedding . 
 i remember you standing at the door of the church whilst we were reciting our vows . 
 i would not have remembered you if it was n't for kevin turning at one point and smiling at you . 
 i remember it as if it were yesterday . 
 the second he smiled , you smiled back and left . '' 
 `` you caught me ! '' 
 replied beppe whilst holding his hands up in a gesture of surrender . 
 `` ... and it was you who covered our honeymoon suite in tulips ! '' 
 `` mia culpa again ! '' 
 `` ... and it was you who every year would send a bunch of tulips for our anniversary ! '' 
 `` guilty as charged ! '' 
 joked beppe `` who are you ? '' 
 asked candice mesmerised by her discovery . 
 `` my dear , i have been waiting to be introduced to you for a very long time . 
 what i am about to tell you , for the time being , simon can not know . 
 as all good stories go , this one must be told from the beginning . '' 
 for the next hour candice sat in silence listening to the most amazing story she had ever been told . 
 in that one hour she learned more about her husband , and beppe , than she had ever known whilst married to kevin . 
 although she initially felt a tad angry that her husband had never told the story himself , including his true birth name , as the story went along she understood . 
 when signor beppe finished , he sat in silence allowing candice to come to terms with all that she had just been told . 
 `` so , you are ... '' `` si ! '' 
 interjected signor beppe before she could finish the sentence . 
 `` you are right ! 
 simon has enough on his plate without being burdened by this . 
 although one day he will need to know the whole story ! '' 
 `` i agree and i will make sure that it happens . '' 
 `` that 's amazing that out of all the houses in italy simon found yours ! '' 
 `` amazing ! '' 
 repeated beppe now knowing better . 
 candice stood up and approached beppe who , out of courtesy , also stood up . 
 she hugged him and without a word went back to bed . 
 signor beppe sat back down , where he remained for the next 40 minutes thinking about what had just transpired . 
 the next morning nobody was in a talkative mood . 
 the hosts were saddened by the departure of their guests , and the guests did not want to show their eagerness to return to italy . 
 at 10am , they all jumped into inspector lau 's car and headed for the butterworth air base . 
 once there , they found that instead of boarding the helicopter back to kuala lumpur , the private jet was already waiting to take them directly to italy . 
 after a few minutes of farewells , simon , candice and beppe found themselves sitting inside a luxurious learjet 85 flying towards europe . 
 `` wow ! 
 this is living ! '' 
 candice remarked admiring the interior of the aircraft . 
 `` good morning madam '' called out a lady in her mid 30s who looked like a catwalk model . 
 `` good morning '' replied candice aware that she was not the only one who had noticed the beauty of this lady . 
 `` i 'm doctor bianca casina . 
 i am a physician at saint maria nuova hospital in florence and i 'm here to assist you during your flight back to italy '' introduced the beautiful lady who was wearing a corporate suit comprising of a white blouse , charcoal jacket , matching short skirt , and prada high heels . 
 `` were you flown here from italy just for me ? '' 
 asked candice feeling silly for asking . 
 `` no madam . 
 i was on an exchange program in kuala lumpur and signor stefano offered me a free flight back in exchange for my services '' `` i do n't know what to say ! 
 let me simply start by introducing you to my son , simon , and a friend , signor beppe '' proceeded candice . 
 once the flight levelled at 48000 feet , an air hostess served them refreshments and a selection of nibbles . 
 the three of them spent the initial hours of the flight playing cards . 
 signor beppe and dr bianca showed mother and son how to play briscola and tresette - two popular card games played in treviso . 
 by the evening , all four of them let their tiredness take over and at varying times fell asleep . 
 `` signor beppe , are you awake ! '' 
 simon intruded in italian , having just finished watching a movie and not being able to sleep . 
 `` yes my young friend , i am '' signor beppe lied , waking up at the sound of his name being called . 
 `` i am unable to fall back to sleep '' added simon as he sat next to signor beppe . 
 `` you are thinking about your papa '' stated beppe . 
 `` yes ! 
 mum said that he came to see her but took off just before i got there . 
 why is he avoiding me ? '' 
 `` i do n't think your papa is avoiding you . 
 i do however think that he is keeping his distance from you for a very good reason . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 asked simon unable hide his disappointment . 
 `` your papa has been extremely successful in his career . 
 unfortunately that means that he has most likely built up an extensive list of enemies . 
 i would think that he is protecting you two , '' replied beppe whilst looking across the isle at candice sleeping . 
 `` so , it means that potentially i will never meet him ! '' 
 replied simon feeling frustrated . 
 `` maybe . 
 or , maybe your papa is already working at bringing your reunion forward . '' 
 `` somehow i think that the only way that that will happen is if he takes actions to reduce the list of enemies ! '' 
 `` that is certainly one way , '' reflected beppe `` by any chance is the drug cartel that is chasing signor stefano also on my father 's list of enemies ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 asked beppe unable to understand the source of the question . 
 `` i know that this sounds silly , but if they are , it would mean that the battle which took place in kuala lumpur might have brought forward the day that i will meet my dad ! 
 it also means that i have helped ! '' 
 observed simon feeling somewhat embarrassed by his feelings . 
 `` i see ! 
 well , in that case , you did help him ! '' 
 replied signor beppe with a smile . 
 simon sat silently thinking about the response he had just received . 
 `` signor beppe , i will never be able to repay you for all of your kindness . 
 what you have done for mum and i is something that i would not have expected in my wildest dreams . 
 particularly as mum and i have never received help from anyone ! '' 
 `` it is me who is grateful to you for letting me be part of your life ! '' 
 replied beppe in all honesty . 
 `` signor beppe , when i told you about my story back in treviso , you told me that you would help me find my dad ! '' 
 `` and i will continue to help you my young friend ! '' 
 `` but we both now know that my dad will go to great efforts not to implicate me in his world until he has taken care of any potential ` risks ' ! '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 replied signor beppe , getting an inclination as to where this conversation was heading . 
 `` so , the best way to bring forward the day when i will finally meet my dad , is to continue assisting him '' observed simon aware how critical it was for signor beppe to support his idea . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 replied signor beppe , now sure as to the question that he was about to be asked . 
 `` signor beppe , would you train me to rectify the risk currently keeping my dad at bay ? '' 
 asked simon aware of what would be required from both of them . 
 `` are you asking me to train you to be an assassin ? '' 
 asked beppe with the sole purpose of accentuating the seriousness of the request . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 replied simon feeling guilty and expecting a rejection . 
 `` simon , i will need to think about it for a while '' replied beppe although he already knew what his answer was before he was even asked the question . 
 simon wanted to highlight the fact that he would embark on this path with or without anyone 's help but , by making such comment , he knew that he would have offended his master . 
 instead he decided to pick up the deck of cards and started dealing a game of briscola . 
 they spent the next hour playing in silence . 
 in london , just a few hours later , `` c ' was provided with the recording of the conversation that took place between simon and his master on the jet heading back to italy , and a psychological analysis . 
 `` this is turning out to be a great opportunity for a smooth transition into his new life '' commented ` beta ' to his deputy as he read simon 's latest profile . 
 dinner was served shortly after their refuelling stop . 
 to everyone 's amazement they found themselves staring at divine seafood chowder which included candice 's favourite - australian morton bay bugs . 
 the bugs were not a coincidence as signor beppe placed an order for them shortly after simon left kuala lumpur . 
 they then moved onto lobster thermidor for main course and a tiramisu ' for dessert . 
 to accompany their liqueurs , they were also served a mouth-watering cheese platter . 
 at one stage simon , in an attempt to be clever , informed their flight attendant that he was allergic to seafood . 
 as a reply he was informed by ` clive ' , who was not just the flight attendant but was also signor stefano 's personal butler , that simon could select any of the 8 main courses available on the aircraft . 
 simon stuck to the lobster . 
 for their meals , as for when they played cards , they swivelled their leather seats to face each other whilst eating at a central round dining table . 
 whilst devouring the cheese platter and sampling the selection of liqueurs , signor beppe decided to teach them another card game called scopa . 
 once the cheese platter was completely eaten , the butler replaced it with several small bowls of nuts . 
 `` my lady , welcome to the italian life . 
 although we certainly do n't eat lobster regularly , we do cherish our sit-down meals ! '' 
 explained signor beppe to candice . 
 `` i am not sure that my body could cope with eating so much at dinner ! 
 the funny thing is that although i am about to explode , i am addicted to these nuts ! '' 
 joked candice whilst extending her stomach out and patting it with both of her hands . 
 `` for years i thought that nuts were the most addictive food . 
 that was until i first travelled to the city of pescara on the adriatic sea . 
 i stopped at a bar by the beach where , instead of nuts , they offered free fried white bait . 
 i have been hooked ever since ! '' 
 explained beppe as he felt his saliva building up just at the thought . 
 15 minutes later , as the nuts were running out , clive placed two wide trays full of fried white bait in the centre of the dining table . 
 beppe was completely surprised . 
 `` signor beppe , compliments from signor stefano ! '' 
 announced clive as he retreated back to the kitchen . 
 `` this is heaven ! 
 all that i now need is ... . . '' 
 `` your prosecco '' interjected clive as he commenced uncorking a bottle of dry sparkling wine that is only produced in a small region in northern italy . 
 the look of surprise on signor beppe 's face triggered hysterical laughter from the rest of the passengers - including the butler - . 
 the next few hours continued with several card games accompanied by the odd remark about the feast they had just consumed . 
 conversations mostly remained about the locations candice should visit when in italy . 
 bianca even offered to be their tour guide for florence and rome . 
 as the sun began setting again , they all took advantage of the main cinema screen and watched a movie . 
 clive ensured that the experience was not dissimilar to that of a real cinema by providing popcorn and ice cream . 
 both candice and signor beppe declined the offered treats and decided to sample the cherries preserved under grappa , which beppe knew were always available on his brother 's jets . 
 feeling exhausted from all of the food , the warm climate , and the laughter , all passengers went back to sleep as they were heading toward athens for another refuelling stop . 
 they were over the adriatic sea when signor beppe finally gained the courage to ask candice how long she had left . 
 the question did not come as a surprise to candice . 
 she was grateful that it was asked while the other passengers were getting a tour of the jet cockpit . 
 `` a month is what they have told me '' replied candice , now having come to terms with the unavoidable . 
 `` what do you feel ? '' 
 `` i feel that i have at least two months left in me before i 'll need continuous medical attention '' responded candice having regularly asked herself the same question . 
 `` signor beppe , i wish for my son to have a positive lasting memory of his mum . 
 unfortunately , the doctors have informed me that the reality is that at the end i might be completely incapacitated . '' 
 `` my lady , i hope you are not asking me what i think you are ! '' 
 replied beppe recognising the conversation that he had had with his wife many years ago . 
 `` no i 'm not ! 
 i have already taken care of that . 
 the dilemma is that i may become incoherent overnight , in which case i will not be able to administer myself certain medicines . '' 
 `` medicines ? '' 
 asked beppe knowing better . 
 `` yes ! 
 if it does eventuate , could you please contact kevin ? '' 
 begged candice . 
 `` you have my word ! '' 
 replied beppe feeling his stomach turn inside out from the memories of the day that preceded his wife 's death . 
 `` i am sorry . 
 kevin has told me how your wife died . 
 that 's why i knew you 'd understand . '' 
 `` i do '' reflected beppe still missing his wife terribly . 
 `` what are you two contriving ? '' 
 asked dr bianca aware from their expression that the discussion they were having was possibly something that simon should not be witness to . 
 `` so , how was the tour ? '' 
 asked candice grateful for the warning . 
 `` loved it ! '' 
 called out simon who was following a few metres behind bianca . 
 `` excuse me , would you like some breakfast before we land ? '' 
 interrupted clive . 
 `` more food ! '' 
 joked simon . 
 `` yes please ! '' 
 called out beppe aware that he had to keep candice 's energy high and great food did that . 
 with the exception of signor beppe , they all had a traditional full english breakfast . 
 instead signor beppe took advantage of the luxurious service and asked for grilled polenta served with milk and a cup of caffelatte . 
 they landed in florence early in the morning where one of signor stefano 's limousines was waiting for them . 
 after an exchange of addresses and telephone numbers , dr bianca departed and headed home . 
 signor beppe also initially declined the limousine service as he wanted to drive his bmw back to san gimignano . 
 `` signor beppe , your car has already been driven back , '' the butler informed him . 
 beppe instantly knew who had driven the car back as only one other person knew the alarm code . 
 beppe wondered if they would run into kevin at the house . 
 candice was glued to the windscreen for the duration of the trip to their new home . 
 she could not believe that she was finally seeing tuscany with her own eyes . 
 when they arrived at san gimignano , simon suggested that they should walk into the centre of town . 
 when candice looked up at the towers breaking the skyline , she immediately broke into laughter . 
 `` the skyscrapers of the 13th century ! 
 your dad has a warped sense of humour ! '' 
 the walk to the apartment took a while as candice regularly stopped to admire the buildings , the shops , the paved streets , and the tourists . 
 when they arrived at the apartment , they found it completely adorned with tulips in every room . 
 the kitchen was also completely restocked . 
 the main bedroom had the bed fitted with a reclining mattress that was completely covered with rose petals . 
 also , at the opposite corner of the room , there was a new bookshelf filled with a variety of books . 
 that evening they decided to go to a local restaurant for a relaxing dinner . 
 it also provided candice with another opportunity to soak up the atmosphere . 
 simon felt a tad deflated as kiara was not there . 
 the next morning , beppe cooked breakfast for everyone . 
 whilst enjoying their eggs benedict , the main conversation focussed on destinations that they would travel to in the coming weeks . 
 during the next month , they travelled as far north as fiera di primiero in the alps just across the austrian border , and as far south as pizzallo in sicily . 
 most of the travel was taken using kevin 's bmw . 
 on some of the longer trips they stayed in beautiful hotels and villas . 
 on three occasions they travelled and stayed for a few days in treviso . 
 although candice was always in good spirits , her fading health was becoming more noticeable each day . 
 eventually the travelling ceased and a nurse was hired to stay with them . 
 they spent most days simply walking around san gimignano . 
 the three of them would often walk to the land maintained by silvio . 
 on a few occasions they also accepted dinner invitations by signor silvio where they would spend the evening sampling his wines . 
 simon often checked the restaurant for signs of kiara - to his disappointed she was never there . 
 two months after their arrival in san gimignano , candice passed away in her sleep . 
 although simon knew that this day would come , he was not prepared for the tsunami of emotions that hit him . 
 signor beppe took care of all of the funeral arrangements that were to be held in pisa . 
 simon , feeling completely devastated , simply retreated into his own world . 
 to simon 's surprise , it was not just signor beppe and himself at the funeral . 
 inspector lau , deepa , dr bianca , signor stefano , silvio , luigi and his wife franca , clive the butler , kiara , alex , gerry , and a few curious onlookers also attended . 
 unbeknown to simon , hidden in a dark corner of the narthex , kevin stood completely motionless staring at his wife 's coffin . 
 from his location he could not see his son . 
 at the back of the church , dressed as a priest and wearing a dark wig , whisper also sat quietly wondering what his next orders would be . 
 in addition to the two hidden secret agents , a third spy was also hiding in the shadows . 
 `` i 'm surprised to see you here '' whispered kevin . 
 `` i am sorry for your loss '' replied ` beta ' whilst stepping out from behind a pillar . 
 `` i hope this is not an official visit '' warned kevin never taking his eyes of the coffin . 
 `` no . 
 i am here solely because we used to be friends . '' 
 `` is whisper here on orders ? '' 
 asked kevin having spotted whisper in his disguise earlier on . 
 `` no , i think he is here out of curiosity . 
 i honestly never thought that i would see the day where you , shadow , beppe , and whisper would all be under the one roof again . '' 
 `` shadow ? '' 
 asked kevin surprised by the name being mentioned by the mi6 director . 
 `` i am surprised about your comment . 
 in any case , i thought that we had agreed to eliminate shadow ! '' 
 observed kevin as he glanced at the opposite side of the church scanning for movement within the shadows . 
 `` you know i have my theory on that . 
 anyway , i am not here to discuss this . 
 i simply wanted to pass on my condolences in person . '' 
 `` when do i start ? '' 
 `` i 'll leave that up to you kevin . 
 i think that they are both ready . 
 i am happy with your plan . 
 the two instructors have now both agreed to it . 
 in terms of the first mission , although i was surprised and somewhat concerned , i am true to my word and will let you have complete control . '' 
 `` ok . 
 i 'll be in touch '' replied kevin `` you know where to find me '' whispered the director as he moved away . 
 `` c ! '' 
 `` yes '' `` thank you . '' 
 `` you are welcome . '' 
 kevin stayed for the duration of the funeral but did not follow the procession to the cemetery . 
 that evening , as simon lay awake in his bed and in tears , kevin slept next to the grave . 
 chapter 9 -- loose ends in the morning signor beppe decided to serve simon breakfast in bed . 
 he prepared poached eggs on toast , pan-fried mushrooms , cooked tomatoes , continental sausages , and freshly squeezed mango juice . 
 the master , whilst holding the silver tray in one hand , used the other to gently knock the door . 
 it was 1pm and he thought that some food in simon 's stomach would do him wonders . 
 when signor beppe opened the door and entered the bedroom , he found the bed already made and simon nowhere to be seen . 
 signor beppe picked up his mobile and made a call . 
 `` it 's me . 
 as you predicted he has taken off . 
 i 'll make the necessary arrangements and see you there ! '' 
 `` yes , i do have time . 
 it will take simon approximately 24 hours to get to london '' . 
 signor beppe simply hung up as he knew no reply would be coming . 
 simon was racing at 230 km/h on his motorbike towards treviso . 
 during the sleepless night his feelings of sorrow were replaced with a strong surge of anger . 
 he started by feeling upset that he did not have a ` normal ' life . 
 he then progressed to feeling angry that his dad was avoiding him . 
 in turn it eventually made him furious that his mum was taken away so early . 
 by the early hours of the morning , he had found himself feeling livid that someone was playing with his life . 
 so , not knowing what to do about switching between the various shades of depression and anger , he decided to confront his puppeteers by a strike of aggression against them . 
 he would start with his kidnappers . 
 other than being able to focus on venting his anger and hopefully getting his mind off his mum 's death , he figured that he would expose the puppeteers by forcing them to reveal themselves . 
 once he arrived in treviso , hoping that steve and whisper were still there , he took the communication device given to him by inspector lau and began using a software application that he had spotted whilst flying back from malaysia . 
 the application allowed him to enter a mobile phone number and have the location of the handset shown on a google map . 
 simon entered steve 's mobile number that he had stolen a few days before during their fight at the quarry . 
 to his disappointed , he was shown that the phone was no longer being operated out of italy . 
 he now had to find a way to get himself to london . 
 steve , having just agreed to be part of a new mi6 training program , left his ` mentor ' at the restaurant and decided to enjoy his day off by walking along the thames river . 
 he contemplated how much his life had changed within the last two weeks . 
 he went from hating the british secret agency to working for them . 
 his father would laugh at the notion that out of all of the teenagers that the mi6 could have selected for their strategic plan , they chose the son of one of their enemies . 
 steve certainly had to be extra cautious about his actions from now on . 
 what he also found amazing was that his trainer was most likely a double agent - steve knew that this would come in handy one day . 
 the walk along the river was pleasant and , as most of the lunch crowds were now back in their offices , the walking track was fairly empty . 
 other than infrequent requests by tourists to take their photo , steve was left to his own thoughts . 
 steve , satisfied that everything was going according to plan , eventually allowed himself the freedom to smile at his recent good fortune . 
 the fist came flying from behind a tree too fast for steve to prevent the contact . 
 the strike was direct to his temple , making him lose balance and fall to the ground . 
 feeling the throbbing pain in his head , steve took advantage of the fall and used the momentum to roll back away from his attacker . 
 as steve 's roll brought him back onto his feet , a foot connected with his chin driving him back into a tree . 
 the tree trunk abruptly stopped steve from travelling backward . 
 instantly he used one of his feet to propel himself forward toward the assailant in the hope that the aggressive move would allow him the opportunity to gain the upper hand . 
 the move simply provided him the ability to finally see the face of the aggressor . 
 simon was prepared for steve 's counter attack and side stepped his opponent to the right whilst driving his left fist on a direct course to steve 's face . 
 the fist connected directly with steve 's left cheek , making him tumble to the ground . 
 this time simon was not going to stop until the anger he had inside was completely gone . 
 simon took advantage of his opponent being on the ground used his right foot to drive a kick into the opponent 's ribs . 
 although steve managed to raise his left arm in time to prevent any likely injury to his ribs , the connection with the leg was severe enough to temporarily paralyse his arm due to the pain . 
 simon also felt a sharp pain in his shin that caused him to stop his attack for a split second . 
 steve knew that this was his first real chance to gain the advantage . 
 therefore , he grabbed simon 's striking leg with his right arm whilst kicking at his other leg in the hope to throw simon off balance . 
 simon knew that in a split second he would also be on the floor and reacted by directing his fall on top of steve . 
 as his body weight crushed steve below him , simon felt the air explode out of his opponent 's lungs . 
 steve immediately felt himself blacking out due to a sudden reduction of oxygen supplied to his brain . 
 steve glanced around in the hope of seeing an object that he could use as a weapon , but instead found a potential way out . 
 simon , satisfied that the battle was about to be won , clocked back his right fist so that additional momentum could be gained for the final strike . 
 `` not here ! '' 
 yelled steve in the hope that simon would register before driving forward the fist that he saw being set for the final blow . 
 simon instantly understood . 
 he was so caught up by `` white line fever '' that he had failed to see a small number of tourists watching the fight in shock . 
 the driving fist stopped a split second before connecting with steve 's temple . 
 simon stood up slowly and offered a hand to help steve get up . 
 `` i ca n't believe it worked ! '' 
 contemplated steve knowing that the same would not have been the case if the roles were reversed . 
 he accepted the hand and he gave a friendly wave to the tourists in the hope that this might undermine their own perception of what had just unfolded . 
 `` where ?! '' 
 barked simon not wanting to let go of his anger just yet . 
 steve looked up at simon and , as he stared into his opponent 's eyes , felt a chill run down his spine . 
 steve 's mind immediately went into overdrive to identify a better venue to continue this battle . 
 unable to keep eye contact , steve instinctively glanced just to the right of simon 's shoulder where the answer was suddenly clearly in focus . 
 `` the london eye ! '' 
 simon looked over his right shoulder and could see the famous london ferris wheel . 
 `` once we are inside one of the capsules , nobody will be able to interfere for 30 minutes '' steve added whilst feeling confident that within minutes he would knock out his opponent . 
 simon did not answer and simply started walking towards the 135 metre high tourist attraction . 
 steve simply followed him whilst contemplating what his first strike would entail . 
 `` i am sorry about the death of your mum ! '' 
 offered steve in honesty . 
 simon ignored him . 
 within 10 minutes , the two teenagers were among the crowd waiting to get onto the next capsule . 
 the london eye capsules never stopped moving which means that , although not required to rush in , tourist have a limited time to board . 
 as simon stepped into the empty capsule , steve stopped at the door and took an aggressive stance directed at those behind him . 
 the intimidating behaviour worked as planned as a young family , out of fear , decided not to insist on getting into the capsule with the boys . 
 the crowd behind were not able to clearly see what had caused the pause , but simply assumed that the attendant at the entrance had directed everyone to wait for the next capsule . 
 the attendant , having been completely involved with an argument with his girlfriend on his mobile , looked up a few seconds too late and simply assumed that the family needed some encouragement . 
 by then , the capsule with only two passengers in it was already commencing to ascend . 
 the ferris wheel has 32 capsules that at the peak of the rotation reach a height of 135 metres . 
 each capsule is able to carry approximately 25 people and in addition to standing room it provided an oval bench in the middle for those who preferred to sit down . 
 not dissimilar to a bicycle wheel , the london eye was developed with multiple tie rods that shoot from its centre outwardly towards an outer rim . 
 the outer rim , where the capsules are attached to , is a crisscross of numerous steel beams . 
 the two teenagers stood on opposite sides of the capsule staring at one another . 
 `` let me guess , who ever winks first loses '' joked steve . 
 `` so , you 're mi6 ? '' 
 asked simon ignoring the joke . 
 `` looks that way . '' 
 `` so where do i fit in ? '' 
 `` i could tell you , but i 'd have to kill you ! '' 
 smiled steve . 
 simon turned to face the view of the thames river . 
 steve did likewise . 
 for the next 10 minutes , simon stood in silence contemplating the events that lead him to london . 
 he felt his anger slowly subside . 
 simon understood that steve was simply following orders and that he had nothing to do with his mum 's death . 
 he could not believe that she was gone . 
 `` i should have never left her behind whilst on a wild chase for a man that did not want to be found . 
 i should have stayed in malaysia '' simon thought to himself whilst fighting back the tears . 
 simon thought back to the time when inspector lau picked him up from school . 
 the first time he saw his mum lying in a hospital bed . 
 the time she told him that she did n't have long to live . 
 the time he found out that his dad 's death was a lie . 
 suddenly , in a succession of flashes , simon also remembered the time that some stranger tried to take him away from his mum . 
 followed by the time that the same stranger arrogantly threatened him at the hospital . 
 and finally the time that the stranger broke into his house , followed him to italy , and sent his apprentice to prevent him from returning home . 
 simon exploded ! 
 without warning , simon turned on steve . 
 as he prepared to somersault over the bench separating him from his opponent , simon feared for his life at the sight in front of him . 
 steve pressed a button on his mobile phone that triggered a firing mechanism hidden within the handset . 
 the bullet exited the mobile via the aerial , which also acted as a barrel and travelled at high speed across the chamber towards its target . 
 simon never felt the bullet penetrate his shirt just below his right armpit . 
 the bullet travelled through the various layers of clothing never finding any skin tissue . 
 upon exiting the last layer of cotton , the bullet continued on its travel whilst beginning to drop height . 
 upon impact , a glass panel behind simon shattered outwardly allowing the cold winter wind into the chamber . 
 simon landed perfectly on his feet . 
 although he heard the sound of the bullet being fired , he had no idea where it had landed . 
 he also had no idea if the firing device in steve 's hand had more bullets : but he was not going to wait and find out . 
 simon used the momentum from the roll to launch himself forward tackling steve and driving him into a frame behind him . 
 steve , although acknowledging the sharp pain in his spine , drove his right knee upwards connecting with his adversary 's jaw . 
 simon 's teeth vibrated from the contact . 
 simon clenched his fist , trapping steve 's clothing . 
 using all of his energy , simon then dug his heels into the floor of the capsule and drove himself backwards pulling steve with him . 
 as he took a second step , simon let himself fall towards the floor but continue to hold on to his enemy . 
 steve felt that the weight and strength of his opponent was too much to resist and simply let himself fall forward hoping to take advantage of the situation . 
 as his opponent hit the ground , steve suddenly felt a set of heels drive into his hips . 
 simon pushed his legs with all his energy throwing steve over his head and over the bench . 
 steve was unable to react and let himself fly through the air whilst preparing to soften his landing and immediately launch a counter attack . 
 although he had managed to carry out a paratrooper roll across the floor , his hope of regaining the advantaged was cut short by a blow to the back of his kidneys . 
 steve , arched backwards in pain . 
 simon felt nothing but anger . 
 even though he knew how much pain he had just caused his opponent , he simply felt no remorse or pity for him . 
 he proceeded to inflict a second blow to the same region when he felt his legs being swept out from underneath him . 
 steve initially held his weight up by leaning on the side rail . 
 at the same time he slid his legs between his opponents ' . 
 he then extended his feet outward and retracted his legs with all the energy he could muster . 
 as his legs moved back in , the tops of his feet connected with simon 's heels sweeping them from underneath him . 
 as his opponent fell backwards to the ground , steve let himself fall on top of him whilst rotating mid-flight . 
 simon felt himself pinned below his adversary . 
 in an attempt to force himself clear , he placed a downward force through his shoulders and his heels . 
 to simon 's dismay he found no floor to press against with his heels . 
 glancing around , simon spotted shattered glass everywhere . 
 he immediately realised that one of the lower panels had also shattered by the bullet and his feet were now hanging outside the chamber . 
 the two teenagers had several failed attempts at head butting one another . 
 as simon 's arms were pinned back by steve 's , neither were able to throw any blows at the other . 
 simon , realising that steve was most likely stronger , turned his head to one side and using his tongue and upper lip , managed to collect a few shards of glass in his mouth . 
 as he turned his head back to his adversary , he received a harsh blow to his nose . 
 although it did not break , simon felt the extreme pain and his eyes started filling up with tears . 
 simon saw steve smiling and took advantage of the pause by filling his lungs with air and blowing the glass at his opponent 's eyes . 
 although simon did not manage to hit steve 's eyes , he did manage to send one piece of glass into his throat . 
 steve , aware of what had just happened , quickly forced himself to gag and cough the glass back out . 
 the distraction allowed his opponent to free his hands and drive them towards his temples . 
 steve spontaneously ducked . 
 the downward motion initiated by steve was enough for his body to start sliding out of the chamber . 
 probably out of fear , steve attempted to slow his slide by grabbing onto simon . 
 simon felt steve slowly sliding outside and he knew that if his opponent grabbed hold of him , he would be dragged outside as well . 
 steve could feel a sense of panic setting in as he feared he was about to go for a fall . 
 but suddenly he was relieved to feel something solid underneath his feet . 
 with most of his body now outside the chamber , steve found himself standing of one of the struts that composed the outer rim . 
 it never occurred to him that at some point the chamber would be resting on the rim instead of hanging from it . 
 as they were now almost at the highest point of the ride , the chamber was now suspended over the rim . 
 simon felt himself being dragged out . 
 at first he assumed that steve was hanging in the air and holding on in order not to fall . 
 but once he was almost completely out , simon also realised that they were resting on the rim and not hanging from it . 
 immediately simon let himself slide completely out and come to rest on the same rim as his opponent . 
 both teenagers wasted no time and commenced throwing a barrage of blows at each other . 
 both simon and steve , whilst maintaining their balance 135 metres above the ground , managed to continue the duel and successfully found their targets on numerous occasions . 
 simon , confident in his own gymnastic ability , proceeded to tackle steve , aiming to overbalance him . 
 the manoeuvre worked . 
 steve fell backwards between two struts whilst simon , with the agility of a gymnast , caught onto one of the side beams and rotated himself back onto his starting position . 
 simon felt satisfied that the move had worked and felt no guilt or regret . 
 simon stood on the beam looking across the thames river in the direction of west minster . 
 steve took advantage of the lapse in his opponent 's concentration and used one of the beams in the lower layer of the rim to spring upward and grab hold of his adversary 's ankle . 
 simon once again felt his feet being swept out from underneath him . 
 the move caused him to fall backwards onto a steel beam that cracked one of his ribs . 
 simon was momentarily taken over by the pain , and fell through the top layer of the beams , hitting a cross beam beneath which caused a second fractured rib . 
 again , whilst drifting into a world of pain , simon 's fall continued through the last layer . 
 in a split second , an instant before going into a 135 or less metre free-fall , simon shot an arm out in time to grip the last beam . 
 as a result of the sudden hold , his body began a pendulum movement that allowed simon to bring up his spare hand and get a second firm hold . 
 using the pendulum momentum , simon brought his feet up so that they ended in between his hands resting on the under section of the beam . 
 he then used a move he had learned whilst doing the high bar in his gymnastics class . 
 at the top of one of the pendulum swings simon let his legs drop in order to gain extra speed . 
 as simon reached the peak of the motion , he heaved himself up in order to gain the extra speed required for an effective drive of his feet into steve 's chest . 
 the blow to the chest was strong enough to clearly knock steve off his feet and make him fall backwards in between the various beams . 
 this time steve was too late to react and simply speared past the outer rim into a free-fall . 
 once simon had connected with his opponent 's chest , he allowed his feet to continue in an upward movement , allowing him to gain enough height to safely place his hands beneath him into a handstand position . 
 having found the centre of balance , simon held the handstand position whilst staring down in between beams to witness his adversary 's plunge . 
 to his amazement , his opponent had managed to grab onto one of the wheel spikes that connected the centre rim to the outer one . 
 as he looked down in amazement at the resilience shown , simon considered quitting the fight and getting back into the capsule . 
 just as quickly as the thought of quitting came into his mind , so did the thought of ending this battle once and for all . 
 simon knew that the years of gymnastics provided him with the advantage . 
 if he let steve go , he would simply come back at a later date in an environment more suitable to his skills . 
 simon opened his legs into a split as he let his body collapse in half and fell backwards in between two beams . 
 as he cleared the beams , using the momentum initiated from the fall , simon extended himself out and prepared to grab onto one of the spikes . 
 as steve was sliding closer to the centre rim , he allowed himself an upward glance . 
 to his horror , he saw simon walking down the spike in the same manner a tropical islander would walk down a palm tree . 
 despite steve 's hands burning from the friction caused by his body slide down the spike , he immediately increased the rate of his decent . 
 never the less , steve knew that it would only be a matter of seconds before simon would catch him . 
 simon 's adrenalin began to increase as the distance between the two adversaries decreased . 
 within a few moments , simon was directly on top of steve . 
 simon saw steve jump the last metre onto the centre rim - often referred to as the wheel hub . 
 the hub was not dissimilar to those built for bicycle wheels . 
 it comprised of an axle , bearings and a hub shell . 
 steve knew that his opponent would have the upper hand if the fight recommenced whilst descending the next section of the spikes . 
 therefore he decided to make a stand at the hub section . 
 simon saw that steve was not continuing his descent , and instantly knew that he was taking a stance where the odds would be more even . 
 aware that continuing his quick descent would provide steve an opportunity to take the initiative , simon slowed down his pace . 
 steve felt concerned that simon could once again leap at him and potentially push him off the hub . 
 therefore he decided to take a few steps backwards and allow his opponent to find his feet before recommencing the battle . 
 although the two teenagers were now almost half way down , they both knew that a fall from this height would result in their death . 
 simon did not waste any time reengaging into combat , doing so the second both feet were firmly placed on the hub . 
 steve , concerned about his balance , opted to strike mostly using his fists . 
 he also moved forward whilst maintaining a defensive boxing posture . 
 simon was confident in his proven acrobatic and gymnastic skills and therefore had no concerns with balance . 
 simon knew that if he fell , he would simply lunge towards one of the several spikes below them . 
 steve , a golden glove lightweight boxing champion , commenced his attack with several fast jabs towards simon 's face . 
 although simon 's reflexes were finely tuned , his initial focus on blocking the punches exposed his ribs . 
 steve 's plan worked - the second that he saw the ribs exposed , he took the opportunity to feint another blow to the head but at the last minute driving his fist downwards . 
 the scream from his opponent confirmed steve 's suspicion that one or more ribs were damaged during a previous fall . 
 the blow to the ribs caused excruciating pain and forced simon to give in to instinct and place his hands in the injured area . 
 simon , unable to stop himself from dropping his defences , knew that the next blow would be targeted at his head . 
 despite his accurate premonition , he did not have the ability to prevent it . 
 steve saw that the next three successive blows to the head resulted in the desired affect - his opponent collapsed on all fours on the metal surface . 
 steve , not wanting to lose the advantage , took a step forward on his right and swung the left leg towards his adversary 's head . 
 simon was barely able to remain consciousness but at the last second managed to lean back enough to be able to cross his hands in the path of the oncoming kick . 
 although the move prevented the kick reaching its target , the strength was sufficient to throw simon backwards against the spikes at one end of the hub . 
 steve not only felt disappointed that his kick did not have the desired affect , but suddenly he felt pain shooting up his shin from the point where the contact had occurred . 
 despite the pain , steve took a step forward on his left leg whilst driving his right heel down towards his opponent who was now on his knees . 
 this time around simon managed to avoid the contact by twisting his torso . 
 steve , surprised by the sudden change of his opponent 's bodyline , attempted to stop his action in vain . 
 as the right foot passed simon 's torso , steve felt a strike to the inner side of the opposite leg . 
 steve was at first relieved that the opponent did not take advantage of the exposed crotch area . 
 however , as his knee collapsed underneath him , he suddenly would have preferred the groin pains instead of free falling to his death . 
 steve 's fear came to fruition . 
 simon knew that he had to regain the advantage by forcing steve back onto the wheel 's spikes . 
 as steve fell to his knees , simon swung his right leg out in a sweeping motion . 
 steve 's feet were swept out from underneath him causing him to fall to his right . 
 for a second steve felt fortunate that he was still on the hub and had not fallen off it . 
 this was short lived as simon used the leg that was still extended from the previous kick and drove it backwards in the direction it had come from . 
 simon 's heel connected with steve 's jaw , momentarily disorientating him . 
 the momentum of the kick was also sufficient to launch steve off the hub making him plunge headfirst . 
 as steve cleared the hub , he managed to throw his right arm out . 
 although it was too late to stop the fall , the limited grab allowed him to swing the legs around and change the direction of the fall towards one of the wheel spikes . 
 simon was satisfied with the manoeuvre and proceeded to stand up and see if steve had fallen all of the way or if he 'd again managed to grab onto something . 
 as simon brought his feet underneath him , the agony caused by his damaged ribs made it difficult for him to retain his balance . 
 as he stood up , he took the opportunity to look over the hub to see of the whereabouts of his opponent . 
 `` why ca n't you just die ! '' 
 called out simon as he saw steve 10 metres below him . 
 simon , for the first time since this battle commenced , also noticed that there were hundreds of tourists looking up . 
 some of them stood silently in disbelief at what they were witnessing , whilst others were either photographing or filming the event . 
 simon , now fully aware of the surrounding environment , also spotted the police cars in the distance speeding in their direction . 
 the law did not concern him as right there and then he felt that he no longer had anything to live for . 
 simon dived off the hub . 
 steve also became quickly aware of the spectators below and the police cars heading their way . 
 he knew that if he made it to the ground alive , he would be arrested and subsequently released by the mi6 . 
 steve had to beat simon to the ground . 
 as steve looked up to determine how much time he had left , to his horror he saw simon losing altitude at a great rate whilst continuously swinging himself around one of the spikes . 
 steve immediately loosened his grip and let himself slide down as fast as possible without losing complete control . 
 simon 's swinging movement was initially unintentional as his legs simply flew past him as a result of the speed reached when he finally caught onto a wheel spike . 
 however , instead of fighting the momentum and potentially losing his grip , he took advantage of it by driving into a circular horizontal motion around the spike . 
 as simon felt himself dropping at a rapid rate , he remembered seeing parachutists use the same technique when wanting to descend quickly . 
 although the swinging manoeuvre proved to be very effective , simon knew that he would only have a limited time before gravity would take over and bring his legs down . 
 steve was now only 5 metres from the outer rim at the bottom of the wheel . 
 initially he contemplated letting go and simply jumping down , but then thought against it as he could not afford to injure himself and be unable to finish the rest of the decent . 
 two metres later , steve 's freedom to jump was taken away from him . 
 simon , only two metres above steve , suddenly released himself from the spike and drove his fall towards his opponent . 
 the momentum gained by the fall proved to be sufficient to dislodge steve from the spike and drive them both towards the outer rim . 
 the free fall only lasted a split second . 
 at the time of the collision against the first beam , both teenagers were interlocked . 
 both boys managed to release one arm and used it to strike one another . 
 despite the heavy hit with the first beam , amazingly both combatants only sustained general bruising . 
 as their fall continued through the outer rim , steve collided with a cross beam resulting in his right shoulder dislocating . 
 to add insult to injury , steve saw that simon had come through unscathed . 
 in addition to the sustained injury , steve bounced on top of simon , where he found himself welcomed by a right hook to his cheekbone . 
 both teenagers flew in between two outer beams escaping any potential injury . 
 simon hit the ground first , instantly breaking his left leg and concussing himself on the hard concrete . 
 steve managed to remain upright during his fall but lost his balance as he landed on simon 's forearm . 
 he subsequently fell forward breaking both wrists . 
 both boys laid in agony on the ground unable to continue the fight . 
 after a few minutes , just as the police were making their way through the crowd , simon attempted to stand up and flee the scene . 
 he barely made it a few centimetres above ground when he felt a small pricking sensation in his neck . 
 in a split second he was sprawling painfully on the ground and then mercifully simon 's world went black . 
 steve , not concerned about being arrested , simply decided to lay still until an ambulance was called . 
 concerned that the police might be a bit too rough at first , he decided to roll onto his side and call out that he was an undercover agent . 
 as he rolled to his side , steve too felt a prickling sensation . 
 within 2 seconds , steve was completed sedated . 
 chapter 10 -- a new beginning `` wake up ! '' 
 `` simon , wake up ! '' 
 simon , hearing the distant voice , began waking up . 
 at first , he was simply staring at a painting of the queen . 
 however , after a few seconds , as his drowsiness commenced to wear off , he realised that he was sitting on a leather couch . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 the familiar voice asked in italian . 
 ` i 'm ok ! '' 
 replied simon whilst attempting to get himself into a more upright sitting position . 
 although the events that preceded were at first sketchy , the excruciating pain from various areas of his body ensured that his memories came flashing back . 
 `` gently ! 
 you need to take it easy ! '' 
 simon turned toward the voice and saw his mentor standing there with a concerned look . 
 `` i 'm ok signor beppe ! 
 just a few bruises ! '' 
 explained simon barely able to stop himself from screaming in pain . 
 `` here ! 
 i 've got you some painkillers ! 
 the doctor said that you need to take them four hourly '' explained beppe `` doctor ?! '' 
 `` yes . 
 after your fall , the both of you were taken to a hospital to get fixed up ! 
 you needed surgery for your ribs as they were piercing your lungs . 
 in terms of your broken leg , unfortunately you 'll be out of action for a while and you 'll need to use these '' added beppe whilst pointing to the crutches leaning against the wall . 
 `` how is steve ? '' 
 asked simon solely out of curiosity . 
 `` multiple bruises like you kid . 
 he also has two broken wrists and a dislocated shoulder . '' 
 `` where is he now ? '' 
 `` probably still in the briefing room . '' 
 `` briefing room ? '' 
 asked simon confused . 
 `` kid , we are in an underground section of the mi6 . 
 steve is one of them ! '' 
 `` really ? 
 i did n't know mi6 recruited agents of our age ! '' 
 reflected simon . 
 `` what do they want with me ? '' 
 followed simon before signor beppe could comment . 
 `` simon , i think it would be best if you asked them that question . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i do n't want to influence your decision '' replied signor beppe in all earnest . 
 ` decision ?! 
 what is the question ? '' 
 asked simon stupefied . 
 `` i am happy to answer you simon ! '' 
 replied an older gentleman who suddenly appeared out of nowhere . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 asked simon unsure if he truly wanted an answer . 
 `` kid , you can refer to me as ` beta ' . 
 i am the director of the mi6 . 
 and this is mr. black ! '' 
 replied the older gentleman pointing to another man who simon had not noticed until now . 
 `` what do you want with me ?! '' 
 barked simon , already feeling frustrated with the question and answer session . 
 `` where should i begin ? '' 
 replied ` beta ' which was more of a question to himself than a reply to the young man sitting in front of him . 
 `` do n't bother with the beginning ! 
 i 've already worked out that it was you guys who have been playing me since the day that your versace man turned up at the beach . 
 i would appreciate it if you would just cut to the chase ! '' 
 `` my young man , i suspect that eventually you will want to know more about the beginning . 
 but since you put it so politely i will get to the point . '' 
 before ` beta ' continued , he stood silently for a moment assessing the teenager . 
 `` simon , i know all about you and what you have done so since your birth . 
 as you know by now , your father was also an mi6 agent . 
 in fact , he was one of my best agents , ... . 
 and friends . '' 
 ` beta ' paused once more allowing simon to register the last comments . 
 `` i am the one who made sure that you and your mother were always taken good care of . 
 it was the least i could do for the family of a man who had given everything for this country , its queen and its people . 
 in the last ten years mi6 has been losing numerous good agents to an increasing number of crime syndicates . 
 part of the problem has been that our enemies are now better equipped than we are . 
 the other main reason has been that now-a-days agents seem to be morally less flexible . '' 
 `` less flexible ? '' 
 `` becoming a good mi6 agent requires an innate ability to work independently , carry out orders without questioning , and execute the mission without hesitation . 
 agents need to be able to trust that what is asked of them will make this a better world - even if at times this means being a cold hearted killer . 
 traditionally we recruited agents from the military , the police and mi5 units . 
 unfortunately , in recent years our rate of failure has been on the increase because of what we refer to as `` moral inflexibility '' . 
 it is for this reason that mi6 has now undertaken steps to recruit orphan teenagers . 
 we feel that recruiting agents at such a young age will give us the ability to break with their morality . 
 simon , you meet our criteria ! '' 
 explained the director of mi6 whilst staring into the soul of the young candidate . 
 `` i assume that steve is the other candidate '' simon guessed correctly . 
 `` yes ! 
 you two are the preferred candidates . 
 steve has already agreed to it . '' 
 `` what if i refuse ? '' 
 asked simon even though the idea of being a secret agent appealed to him . 
 `` simon , i am giving you the opportunity to take the fastest road to meet you father . 
 i will make sure that your missions will lead to the termination of those who keep your father at bay . 
 if you do n't want to take my offer , then we will simply find someone else ! '' 
 replied ` beta ' . 
 `` how long will the training phase last ? '' 
 `` for as long as your master deems it necessary '' replied ` beta ' whilst casting a glance in signor beppe 's direction . 
 `` do you know where my father is ? '' 
 `` yes i do ? 
 and before you ask , no i will not tell you ! '' 
 `` when would i complete my training and start your missions ? '' 
 `` your training will run in parallel to your missions . 
 so , i would say that you would commence the second you are able to dispose of these '' replied ` beta ' whilst staring at the crutches . 
 `` do you already have a mission in mind ? '' 
 asked simon , feeling excitement building deep within . 
 `` yes ! 
 an italian friend of mine has asked us to assist him with some personal issues with a notorious drug cartel . 
 it just so happens that this drug cartel has now been listed as a british national threat . 
 so , i have been authorised to take any measures deemed necessary to address this issue . 
 i was hoping that you would help us out by continuing on what you have already started . '' 
 `` already started ? '' 
 replied simon , already knowing which drug cartel ` beta ' was referring to . 
 ` beta ' turned toward one of the walls and pulled out a remote control from his suit jacket . 
 he then proceeded to open a panel on the wall exposing a large plasma screen . 
 within a few seconds simon was witnessing the recording of the gun battle which he was part of whilst in malaysia . 
 the screen showed one view taken somewhere close behind him , whilst the other was a close-up from the air . 
 the video footage started from the moment simon threw the first yoyo grenade . 
 as the video footage played , ` beta ' simply stood in silence . 
 after a few minutes , the clip automatically froze showing the moment simon shot boris with the sedative dart . 
 `` so ! 
 what do you say ? '' 
 asked ` beta ' pushing for a commitment . 
 `` i am glad that someone removed the strings from the yoyo grenades ! '' 
 joked simon in an attempt to stop himself throwing up . 
 `` young man , i do not have time for jokes ! 
 if you agree to join us i will send you and your master back to italy where you will commence life as a spy '' replied ` beta ' in all seriousness , despite the fact that he found the comment humorous . 
 `` and steve ? '' 
 asked simon , not wanting to cross paths with his counterpart . 
 `` do n't worry kid ! 
 although you two will be regularly working on the same mission , i have no vested interest in making you spend more time together than you have to . 
 steve and his tutor will be training out of berlin . '' 
 `` so , will i answer to signor beppe or to you ? '' 
 `` mr. black here will be the director of this program ! '' 
 replied betabeta to simon 's question although mr. black 's eyes seemed to convey warmth , simon felt intimidated by the presence of the tall man now standing silently in a dark corner of the room . 
 simon stood for a few seconds in silence waiting to hear the voice of mr. black . 
 the comments never came . 
 `` i need an answer ! '' 
 restated ` beta ' simon looked at his master hoping for some sign . 
 unfortunately for simon , signor beppe sat quietly looking back without a hint of an expression . 
 ` ok ! 
 i 'll agree to it ! '' 
 simon eventually replied , knowing that this was most likely the quickest way to be with his father again . 
 `` great ! 
 i 'll have a car take you to heathrow airport as i realise you have some friends back in italy waiting to say their farewells . 
 simon went completely white as he remembered all of the friends who he had travelled to tuscany for the funeral . 
 `` it 's ok simon ! 
 i have rented a villa for them near siena and told them that you 'd be back within a few days ! '' 
 explained signor beppe reading his apprentice 's mind . 
 `` thank you '' replied simon now wanting to be on the first flight back . 
 `` simon , i need just a few more minutes to process your registration . 
 please follow me ! '' 
 ordered ` beta ' . 
 simon followed ` beta ' out of the room assuming that mr. black and signor beppe would also follow . 
 `` good luck ! 
 i will see you in a months time ! '' 
 mr. black finally spoke . 
 simon turned surprise at the comment and , still wanting to rush back to italy , simply threw his hand in the air in an attempt to give a farewell wave . 
 `` i 'll be there in a few minutes ! '' 
 added signor beppe . 
 `` ok ! '' 
 replied simon as he turned to walk up a dark corridor on the tail of the mi6 director . 
 once alone , signor beppe spoke first . 
 `` mr. black ? 
 you have got to be kidding me ! '' 
 signor beppe joked as he broke down into laughter . 
 `` i guess that beta is trying to be funny ! ' 
 kevin eady smiled back . 
 `` so , you 'll now be my boss ! '' 
 observed beppe finding the role reversal ironic . 
 `` and do n't you try to pull the wool over my eyes ! 
 i am no fool , i have learned from the best ! '' 
 replied kevin with a wink . 
 both men broke into laughter . 
 `` so , when are you going to tell him ? '' 
 asked beppe suddenly changing the mood of the room . 
 `` not yet ! 
 i still fear for his safety ! 
 i also think that he still needs to gain control of his anger . 
 telling him now might simply result in him rebelling and possibly becoming irrational ! ' 
 observed kevin , feeling guilt for the suffering that he had caused his son . 
 `` i do n't think you give him enough credit . 
 simon is an amazing teenager . 
 you 'll find that he 'll surprise you as he has me ! '' 
 `` maybe ! '' 
 `` kevin , are you sure that you are not doing this for you and not for your son ? 
 i think that you have been away for so long that being a ` dad ' frightens you ! ' 
 correctly observed the old master . 
 `` maybe ! 
 when it comes to balancing family and ` work ' , i so wish i could have been like you ! ' 
 replied mr. black in all sincerity . 
 `` you would think so ! 
 and yet i have not been able to love and care for all my family '' observed signor beppe feeling sadness wash over him . 
 `` i guess this is a second chance for the both of us ! '' 
 concluded kevin `` ready to go ! '' 
 called out signor beppe to his apprentice . 
 `` with a bag of new toys , passports , and a new swiss account , according to the mi6 , i 'm ready to take on the world ! ' 
 joked simon feeling a genuine sense of excitement about his new future . 
 mentor and apprentice , both excited that their friendship would continue to grow , jumped in the back of a limousine and headed for the airport where they would fly to the next phase of their lives as spies . 
 from the buildings across the road a shadowy form had been observing the scene . 
 the end 
