 memoirs of a vending machine published by james pollard at smashwords copyright 2011 james pollard copyrighted material . 
 all rights reserved . 
 please do not reproduce in part or in whole without the express prior written consent of the author . 
 all characters and events in this work are fictitious . 
 any resemblance to persons living or dead is coincidental . 
 this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 part i addressing the queen in japanese mythology , the youngest pair of deities was ordered to make solid land out of the materials floating in the oceans of the earth . 
 from the floating bridge linking heaven and earth they stirred the primeval ocean with a jewelled spear . 
 lifting the spear from the ocean , a drop of seawater fell back , forming the first island of japan . 
 they left heaven to live on the island of onogoro , marrying and producing eight children , who became the islands of japan . 
 `` what a load of bullshit , '' thought mike as he put down the travel guide he had been reading . 
 he looked out the window of the plane as it descended to kansai international airport . 
 he could see tree-covered mountains and ocean through the clouds . 
 the engine noise cut slightly and the plane dropped a few metres , interrupting his concentration . 
 he bravely looked out through the window again as the plane continued its descent , finally gliding over the water , parallel with the coast that was the edge of the city of osaka . 
 the travel guide had made a big deal of the fact that the airport was built on a completely man-made island in the middle of the bay . 
 it also mentioned that a lot of the fill was local refuse and mike wondered if any of it had been found floating in the sea . 
 while mike drew parallels between onogoro and kansai airport , he hoped the latter was made of more than a drop of water off the blade of a spear , as the plane was now no higher than a few metres above the tarmac . 
 the plane landed with a gentle bump and a reassuring roar as the airbrakes slowed the plane 's speed as it taxied on to the terminal . 
 within a short space of time , mike was lined up waiting to pass in front of a heat-sensing camera before moving on to immigration . 
 the large arrivals area was split into japanese passport holders and non-japanese passport holders . 
 there was no time to consider this arrangement any further as a short , old man in a uniform using broken english , ushered mike and the other fifty or so obvious foreigners through to the correct line . 
 after waiting for about fifteen minutes , mike found himself standing behind a thick red line waiting to be called to a counter . 
 a bored looking man , hunched over and sunk low in his seat motioned to mike to move forward . 
 he walked to the counter and was confronted by a digital camera and a screen displaying two little pads with an animated picture of a person placing their index fingers on the pads . 
 the message was pretty clear . 
 mike had no criminal record but still felt nervous as he handed over his passport . 
 the man took the passport without smiling and started punching keys on a computer keyboard . 
 he looked up and motioned with his hand for mike to look at the camera for a full facial shot . 
 mike thought it might be funny to pull out some spare eyeballs from a plastic bag in his pocket just to try and throw the camera off , but kept this to himself . 
 he started smiling though and caught the attention of the immigration officer . 
 the man held up his extended index fingers motioning for him to place his own pointers on the pads for a scan . 
 taking the hint , mike did this with a more serious expression as the man flipped through the pages of the passport and punched a few more keys on the keypad . 
 while he waited , mike glanced to the left at the counters for japanese passport holders . 
 not surprisingly , they were all japanese in appearance , but he was a little affronted as he realized that they did not have to endure the eyeball scan and the fingerprint check . 
 before he had time to dwell on this , the man handed back his passport and thanked him in accented english . 
 mike followed the pack to the baggage collection area . 
 locating the carousel for his flight , he was soon presenting his passport , this time to the officer at the customs counter . 
 as if he were back at the immigration counter the officer began an interrogation in well-practiced , contrived english . 
 `` what is the purpose of your stay , '' asked a young uniformed officer abruptly with a heavy accent . 
 `` orm eea ta teach english , '' mike replied cheekily , hamming up his australian accent . 
 the customs officer seemed confused and paused , frowning at mike . 
 `` teach english ? '' 
 he repeated with an awkward , rising inflection . 
 `` yup , english . '' 
 `` anything to declare ? '' 
 mike was sure that he had nothing more than some clothes , a few toiletries , an ipod , a cell phone , a wallet full of yen and a travel guide . 
 `` nah , nothing mate . '' 
 the officer looked back at mike with a quizzical frown . 
 mike knew that he had n't understood . 
 `` no , nothing , '' repeated mike , only this time over-emphasising every vowel and ending each consonant crisply . 
 he felt like he was addressing the queen as he adjusted his accent , but realized that he really was out of his comfort zone and needed to lift his game . 
 without responding further , mike 's passport was checked through more thoroughly , the officer taking his time to consider the details of each page . 
 finally , he handed it back . 
 then , with one hand placed behind his back , the officer stood erect and authoritatively waved mike through . 
 `` thanks mate , '' said mike with a slightly irreverent smirk and a sideways nod of the head . 
 the officer smiled politely then ignored him . 
 pushing the trolley laden with all his luggage through a set of automatic sliding doors , mike ventured out into the land of the dripping jewelled spear . 
 vending machine crumbs `` so this is it , huh ? 
 i can do this , '' mike kidded himself . 
 he took in the panorama of the landside of the arrival gate . 
 faces ... japanese faces all smiling in anticipation ... then neutral expressions as eyes scanned his physique and features ; realizing in a nanosecond that he was not familiar . 
 mike had travelled before and so was not feeling all that stressed about waiting around the arrivals area in a strange airport in an asian country . 
 he shuffled around making eye contact with any non-japanese passport holder who happened to walk past , hoping that each one would be the company employee that he was to meet . 
 without much luck , he decided that he must be a little early , so he found a seat and pulled out the travel guide from his backpack stacked on the trolley . 
 he flicked through the contents pages until he found a reference for osaka . 
 osaka : osaka is the working heart of kansai , famous for its down-to-earth citizens and hearty cuisine . 
 almost bombed flat in wwii , it appears an endless expanse of concrete boxes punctuated by pachinko parlors and elevated highways . 
 but the city somehow manages to rise above this and exert a peculiar charm . 
 at night the city really comes into its own ; this is when those drab streets and alleys come alive with flashing neon , beckoning residents and travellers alike with promises of tasty food and good times . 
 with wide eyes and raised eyebrows , mike decided to get exploring as soon as he was able when a man wearing a stylish , black leather jacket appeared . 
 he had his hands in his pockets as he approached mike . 
 he was smiling with a confidence that was reassuring in this unfamiliar environment . 
 taller than mike , thin , with a neat appearance the man held out his hand as he announced in an american accent who he was . 
 `` paul , paul jackson , icee -- -- international cultural exchange and english ... are you mike ? '' 
 `` yeah , cute company name . '' 
 `` i know , it makes for a cute acronym , '' replied paul . 
 mike stared blankly at paul , waiting for instruction . 
 paul broke the ice . 
 `` welcome to japan . 
 i 'll take you to your accommodation by taxi . 
 got ta go now though , i 'm kinda busy . '' 
 with no time for small talk , paul took mike 's right hand with his right hand shaking it vigorously whilst grabbing mike 's forearm with his left hand , quickly whisking him off through the exit doors then on to the nearest taxi rank . 
 paul raised his arm politely hailing the first cab in the line . 
 the back door had swung open by itself before mike had a chance to even attempt to hold the door latch and the boot had already been popped open , ready for someone to load the luggage . 
 mike wheeled his airport trolley to the back of the taxi and lifted the heaviest suitcase first . 
 paul just watched , silent , checking his watch every couple of seconds until mike had loaded his last case and then motioned with a nod of his head for mike to get in . 
 he shuffled across to the end of the bench seat nearest the unopened door of the taxi and sat nervously , feeling a little out of his depth . 
 paul followed confidently , getting in to the back seat of the old-model black toyota crown taxi then promptly engaged the driver in a conversation that seemed to be fluent japanese . 
 mike knew a little of the language but this was all way beyond his level of comprehension . 
 he gave up listening after a while and just stared in awe at paul as he continued to give instructions . 
 the driver engaged the gear lever in a controlled , almost elegant movement , any mechanical stiffness cushioned by the white gloves that the uniformed driver wore proudly and professionally . 
 the car gently exited the taxi rank into the main car park , eventually entering the main stream of traffic of the road that led to the exit from the airport . 
 they talked only a little as mike took in his new surroundings . 
 paul took a few calls on his keitai denwa -lrb- mobile phone -rrb- , again speaking in japanese . 
 the journey took them onto long freeways then onto huge , longer overpasses that turned into aerial concrete freeways rising high above tinsel-town . 
 mike felt as if they were gliding around buildings as the urban freeways and overpasses began to compete with the surrounding glass fronted high-rise buildings for height . 
 eventually , they began their descent via a steep off-ramp that led to a ground-level labyrinth of weaving , narrow roads that existed in the shadows of the very structures constructed to enable quick access . 
 a few turns under the freeway , a quick adventure over and through a railway crossing and it was only a very short time before they arrived at the apartment complex that would be mike 's home for the next few months . 
 after paying the driver without tipping , paul helped mike with his luggage by picking the lightest case and leading on the way to the entrance of the apartment block . 
 paul paused for a moment , taking the time to introduce mike to the superintendent who occupied a small room to the side of the entrance . 
 mike smiled at him and felt awkward as paul bowed to the man , low enough to reveal a balding spot at the top of his scalp that he was possibly not aware of . 
 he said something in japanese then accepted a small card , presumably with the apartment 's address on it . 
 paul gave mike the card , looking him straight in the eye in a way that implied that the card was quite important . 
 he glanced at it quickly but could n't read anything as it was all written in japanese characters . 
 he put it in his wallet for safekeeping . 
 paul escorted mike to the nearby elevator and they rode to the thirteenth floor . 
 `` jyuu san gai de gozaimasu , '' -lrb- this is the thirteenth floor -rrb- the elevator announced in polite but nasal sounding female voice . 
 on opening , the lift revealed a fairly desolate looking corridor of brown-coloured metal doors and small aluminum framed windows with frosted glass panes , a pattern repeated for the length of the corridor . 
 they walked along the corridor briefly before arriving at the door of mike 's apartment . 
 paul opened it with a key . 
 `` i got ta warn you mike , it 's a little small . '' 
 he stepped back to allow mike to walk in first . 
 as he did , he was immediately struck by the smell of straw . 
 in front of him was a small area of floor space covered in linoleum with a set of shelves to the side . 
 mike hesitated . 
 `` the area is called a genkan . 
 you take your shoes off here , '' instructed paul . 
 `` then you step up to the raised area and leave your shoes . '' 
 mike put down his luggage and awkwardly bent down to take off his shoes . 
 luckily they were not laced shoes so they came off with relative ease as mike maneuvered his ankles , shifting from side to side while prizing them off by placing the front of his right shoe on the back rim of the heel of his left shoe . 
 paul did the same , only with more ease and poise than mike . 
 they stepped up from the genkan , paul first , to a slightly elevated floor area made of a tough kind of plastic molded and coloured to look like wood . 
 mike walked on while paul squatted down , picked up his shoes and placed them together neatly with the toes pointing towards the door . 
 `` you 're a pretty neat bloke , '' remarked mike . 
 from his squatting position paul looked up at mike . 
 `` it 's what you do in japan , mike . 
 when you leave the room you do n't have to rearrange your shoes . 
 you just slip them on and leave . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' replied mike , feeling a little patronized . 
 paul took the lead , showing mike around the apartment . 
 the genkan area led immediately right . 
 straight ahead was the bathroom and toilet -- to the right , the kitchen . 
 next to the kitchen was a room that could be separated by sliding doors , making it either a part of the kitchen or a separate room . 
 at the end of the kitchen and to each side , were two rooms one larger than the other , the larger with a small balcony . 
 the floors of these rooms were covered with tatami mats , rectangular square mats made of straw . 
 `` ya know this whole apartment would fit into my living room back home . '' 
 `` yeah , small is n't it , '' replied paul in a perfunctory manner . 
 `` might get even cozier in a couple of weeks when two more teachers arrive . '' 
 `` you 're joking , are n't you ? '' 
 `` look mike , i 've got another group of new teachers to meet and i 'm running late so i got ta get to the nearest train station . 
 you 've got all the information you need in that file next to the kitchen sink over there so if you 're good to go , i think i 'll get moving '' feeling a sense of urgency in paul 's tone , mike agreed with a compliant nod of the head and a country dumb smile . 
 a little overwhelmed , he scratched the top of his head , took a deep breath and looked around the room with a vacant expression . 
 `` the room mike ... which one , i need to get going . '' 
 `` yep , no worries , i 'll just get me stuff in there . 
 wo n't be a tick . '' 
 while paul flicked through the file next to the kitchen sink , mike quickly chose the room with the balcony , put his suitcase in the cupboard in the bedroom and put the rest of his things in a corner of the room on the tatami mat floor . 
 not looking forward to spending time alone , though , he considered taking a walk around the neighborhood to get his bearings . 
 he yelled out to paul from the room . 
 `` i 'm feeling a little stiff after a twelve-hour trip on the plane , paul , so if you do n't mind ... how ` bout i come with you to the train station for a look around ? '' 
 `` ya , sure , '' replied paul . 
 `` we got ta get going though -- just to the station right ? '' 
 `` i should n't need much should i ? '' 
 `` no mike , just your valuables . 
 oh and your key -- -- very important . '' 
 `` yeah , i 'd hate to be locked out . '' 
 planning a brisk thirty-minute tour before coming home to a shower , mike decided to leave everything but his wallet and key in the room . 
 they left the apartment block and made their way to the nearby train station . 
 `` so how far is it paul ? '' 
 `` not far . '' 
 `` yeah , but i have n't got a clue where i am . '' 
 `` ya , you better make sure you take a look around so you can get back to the apartment mike . 
 i 'd hate for you to get lost . '' 
 remembering that he would have to make his own way home , mike made a point of finding some things that might provide him with clues as to how to do this . 
 although the station was n't far , the roads twisted and turned and were not at all logically organized . 
 this would make it difficult to just count left and right turns , for example . 
 it struck mike however that the roads that they took were lined with vending machine after vending machine . 
 in a classic ` hansel and gretel ' moment , he decided that a trail of vending machine crumbs might help him to find his way home . 
 he remembered the street , confident that the vending machines would lead him home . 
 they quickly arrived at the train station . 
 paul was polite but offered no more information . 
 he shook mike 's hand , turned abruptly then disappeared through the kaisatsuguichi -lrb- ticket gate -rrb- without looking back . 
 from in front of the station , mike could see that there were more vending machines lining the bare concrete walls of the station building . 
 he walked over to them out of interest , noting that they sold everything from soft drinks , beer and cigarettes to hot noodles and magazines . 
 across the road , in the surrounding streets , there were quaint little cafes next to traditional steamy noodle bars full of men standing , staring and slurping . 
 every nook and cranny seemed to be occupied by small bars not yet open , with odd names such as the ` gay time snack ' or the ` joy bar ' . 
 he crossed the road , drawn by curiosity and walked around , immersing himself in the visual cacophony and savoring the aromas . 
 although a little uncomfortable , he was overtaken by the vibrant energy in the air and decided that after a little more exploration , he would come back in a few hours to see how the evening would transform this area . 
 he walked on further , exploring for about half and hour then decided to go back to his apartment to collect his thoughts , center his mind and freshen up . 
 his limbs were starting to ache from all the walking and he needed a shower and a change of clothes , as he was still wearing the same clothes in which he had boarded the plane about twelve hours earlier . 
 he had crisscrossed the area at least a dozen times already and found it easy to get back to the station and paused for a while in front of the entrance . 
 people streamed past him , one after the other , staring momentarily but obviously in a great hurry to get somewhere . 
 he searched in the distance from the station for the street with the vending machines that would lead him home . 
 there were a number of streets leading to the station , all visible from where he was standing but one stood out from the others , as there was a huge collection of vending machines on the corner . 
 the street was on the opposite side of the spot where he was standing , so he walked over to what was obviously a crossing area where people were milling around a red sign flashing an icon of a walker in a circle with a line struck through it . 
 he joined the crowd and stared ahead , pretending that he knew where he was and what he was doing . 
 suddenly there was a loud and rapid tick-a-tick-a-tick sound ; like a machine gun , only one-sixteenth the volume . 
 this immediately gave way to a traditional japanese-sounding melody in an oppressive minor key amplified to an unnecessary volume that was synchronized to the flashing sign changing to green . 
 the people walked off in one mass movement . 
 caught up in the eddy of this movement , so did mike . 
 spirited away to the other side of the road , he immediately made his way towards the vending machines , presuming that he would be home in about ten minutes . 
 the machines looked familiar and so did the street , so he continued on down it in search of his apartment . 
 although lined with vending machines , a few more seconds of walking revealed a street lined with not only vending machines but glass walled buildings , stones arranged in miniature zen gardens , fake wood poles made of concrete that lined what seemed to be a park built on a sand pit , side streets no wider than driveways and an overhanging vineyard of ugly electricity wires supported by uniform concrete poles extending to the horizon . 
 none of this was familiar at all . 
 more than a little confused , he quickly backed out of the street to where he had entered it , happy at the familiar sight of the train station but confused as to where he was and how he was going to get home . 
 he stood on the corner for some reason , pretending to be confident but howling inside with loneliness and fear at the prospect of being lost in japan with no friends , no address , no possessions and no way home . 
 `` think , '' his inner voice demanded . 
 `` you dickhead , '' it added . 
 quietly conversing with his inner self , he caught himself whispering the word dickhead aloud as he shook himself back into the moment . 
 people stared at him as they veered out of their way to avoid bumping into him . 
 he was standing in a stream of traffic of people who knew where they were going and were determined to get there no matter that a strange foreigner , mumbling to himself , was standing in the way . 
 anxiety began to rise through his legs , settling somewhere in his lower torso , readying itself to rush towards the primal center of fear in his brain . 
 he was suddenly acutely aware of the moment as the world moved in slow motion around him , adding further impact to an anxiety that was rapidly moving towards panic . 
 the fear began to diminish slightly as his reacquainted himself with his logical brain . 
 he reasoned that home must be by way of one of the other streets that fed the entrance to the station . 
 they all led to the station , so it was only logical that he had travelled along one of these streets to get from the apartment to the station . 
 a smile formed and the whispering ceased , while a feeling of warmth and satisfaction welled up from his aching feet , settling in his chest as his heart rate slowed and his composure normalized . 
 a smug smile appeared . 
 he chose to explore the street next to the one that he had just been down and resolved to explore each of the streets that he could see from the station in a logical and systematic fashion until he had found the right one . 
 walking along the front of the station area and entering the first street along , he immediately noticed that it was lined with vending machines . 
 again the appearance was familiar until he had walked a little further along the street . 
 he noticed a restaurant and a small train bridge and a river , none of which he seen on the way to the station . 
 he turned back again , this time crossing the road to the opposite side of the station entrance before choosing another of the streets . 
 he checked the streets to the right , the left , a bit further over , a bit further back , a bit out of the way and a bit further out of the way . 
 all of them were lined with vending machines , none of them looking in any way familiar . 
 each time , he returned to his reference point , the station , the only place at all that was starting to look familiar . 
 there he stood staring at the traffic light flashing the ` do n't walk ' light and mused that the sign must be a message . 
 `` shit , shit , shit , '' yelled his inner voice . 
 `` shit , '' he said out loud . 
 passers-by stared fleetingly but quickly turned and ignored him . 
 he began to pine and whimper inside , too embarrassed and uncomfortable in this unfamiliar social environment to show these emotions publicly . 
 stoically , he watched person after person after person walk by . 
 he tried not to stare but it was difficult . 
 a few people stared back and he managed a nanosecond smile from them . 
 quickly reverting to neutral faces , however , they all continued on in a rush , showing no more than a fleeting interest in a foreigner standing at the base of a stairway leading to a train station . 
 mike remembered the cell phone in his jacket pocket and wondered if he would be able to find a network to call someone . 
 he fished around in his pocket for the phone he had purchased before coming over . 
 pressing the ` on ' button at the top of the phone , he checked the coverage to find there were no bars showing . 
 a subsequent scan of the available networks revealed a network called ` doco demo ' . 
 he selected then waited for the thing to set itself up and smiled with childish glee when all the bits came together and five golden bars of coverage appeared . 
 he felt a little isolated when he checked to find no messages and realized he had no one to call in japan . 
 since he had left the file that paul had given him with the company details on it at the apartment , there really was no one to call . 
 he put the phone back in his pocket . 
 mike noticed that passers by had started staring at him a little longer than before . 
 he realized that he was again verbalizing parts of his inner dialogue and that to strangers he must have appeared to be a frantic , babbling lunatic . 
 he was also involuntarily nodding his head and staring at one spot , the crosswalk light . 
 he needed to leave this spot , as he was now feeling a little uncomfortable with his behavior and needed to release some of the nervous energy that was swirling in his veins . 
 `` walk , '' interrupted his inner voice . 
 he snapped to attention and walked ! 
 without looking , mike walked straight , perpendicularly across the pavement and on to the road . 
 luckily , the traffic was stopped already , the crosswalk sign was flashing green , the machine gun was whirling and the melody of misery was playing . 
 he paced the streets , thinking and humming as he walked but not knowing at all where he was headed . 
 all he could think of to do was to walk . 
 he turned into a street that split into two , leaving a triangular section between them . 
 there was a triple story building built between the two streets with a large red sign out front that made it easily identifiable as a fast food store . 
 the electric sign read ` moz burger ' and flashed orange . 
 the sign triggered the emergence of a new influence on mike 's inner dialogue : his stomach . 
 `` eat food quickly , '' it ordered in a low , masculine voice . 
 the stomach quickly took control of the situation , forcing mike to gather the courage to enter the building and attempt ordering some food . 
 he walked in bravely , and immediately noticed that everything was somehow familiar , yet very strange and unfamiliar . 
 the layout was very much typical of any fast food hamburger outlet that he had encountered to date , but it was much neater . 
 as soon as he walked in , the staff stood to attention , standing very alert and erect , politely bowing and smiling very cheesy smiles . 
 they called out what seemed to be a welcome while motioning to mike to move towards the counter . 
 he walked towards the counter but stopped about two meters away , realizing that he had n't yet worked out the language he needed to order . 
 looking around for some clues as to how to go about ordering , he had the foresight to look up , noticing a collection of photographs of the set menus and individual orders that were on offer . 
 the photographs were all labeled in japanese katakana . 
 mike had studied a little japanese before coming here but he was as rusty as hell and had n't spent as much time studying katakana as he had on hiragana . 
 nevertheless , while staring at the photos , he managed to make sense of what was on offer and decided to order the ` moz burger set ' . 
 this included a beef burger wrapped in a rice pocket , a cola and fries . 
 he walked up to the counter and was greeted by a shy , petite and fragile young girl who , although obviously not wanting to talk to him , summoned the courage to smile a genuine-looking smile and ask him something in japanese . 
 `` kyou koko de nani o omeshi agarimasu ka ? '' 
 -lrb- what would you like to eat here today ? -rrb- 
 mike remembered that to eat in japanese was taberu , a word that just did n't appear in what had just been said , so he just gave up , smiled and pointed to the picture of the ` moz burger set ' on the counter . 
 the girl at the counter smiled , relieved that they had communicated effectively , and then placed the order by punching the appropriate buttons on the cash machine . 
 she smiled radiantly -- probably just a few degrees too radiantly -- then rang up the price on the cash register , announcing the total price in a high-pitched whine , as if someone was holding her nose for her as she talked . 
 although her mouth was moving , her words seemed to exit from her nose in a long , but thin stream of sound that rose up , spiraling above his head and level of comprehension . 
 `` ryopyaku go jyu en ni narimasu , '' -lrb- that 'll be 650 yen -rrb- . 
 mike was gob smacked . 
 sensing confusion in mike 's expression , she motioned politely while bowing rigidly , buttocks clenched , for him to look at the figure displayed on the register . 
 it was easy for mike to read 650 yen , as clear as daylight in hindu arabic numerals , and it made him wonder why he had bothered to try communicating in japanese . 
 he took out his wallet and fished around for some money . 
 he had changed some before coming over and managed to find a 1000-yen note amongst the others . 
 quickly yanking it out of the wallet , the card he had received from the superintendent fell out and floated to the floor . 
 he gave the money to the girl then picked up the card . 
 a flash of insight sliced through his thoughts as he lent down . 
 why had n't he thought of it already ? 
 the card -- -- the card that the superintendent had given him back at the apartment -- -- it had the name of the apartment complex on it . 
 feeling clever and sensing resolution , he held the card in his right hand and repetitively tapped the open palm of his left hand with it while he waited for change . 
 taking the three , one hundred yen coins and single fifty-yen coin in his left hand , he glanced again at the card , noticing that it was all written in japanese . 
 the girl at the counter smiled again . 
 `` shou shou o machi kudasai , '' -lrb- please wait a moment -rrb- she said . 
 without understanding a word , mike responded with a cheeky smile . 
 sensing his ignorance , she resorted to simple body language . 
 she raised her hand , showing him the flat of the palm of her hand and pushed gently through the air in his direction , hesitantly poking the space in front of her . 
 `` wait ... yes , wait , that 's what she means , '' mike waited . 
 his order arrived and he picked up the tray , smiled at the girl one more time then walked over to a nearby available table . 
 devouring his snack quickly , he sat contented for a few minutes thinking . 
 `` lost ... but i 've got the address ... a pretty girl smiled at me . 
 maybe she could read this card for me ? '' 
 he finished his meal and still feeling acutely foreign , looked around to see if other people had left their rubbish on the table or had thrown it away . 
 as no one was leaving he just stood up and took his rubbish and tray to the bin . 
 the girl at the counter looked at him and smiled , bowing at him in anticipation of him leaving . 
 the smile turned to a look of terror , however as he changed direction and walked towards the counter . 
 there were other customers lined up so he had to wait his turn . 
 while he waited , he did some mental japanese practice and tried to work out how to ask what he needed to ask in japanese . 
 `` where , in japanese is ... doko . 
 yes , that 's it . 
 doko ni arimasuka ? 
 yeah , yeah that 's it . '' 
 he took the card out of his wallet and stared at it , trying hard to make sense of what was written , but could n't understand a thing . 
 he had begun to study kanji , the writing system imported from china and used mainly to express content words but was n't familiar with any of the characters on the card . 
 `` no problem , '' he thought . 
 `` i 'll show her the card , ask the question and point . 
 she should understand that . '' 
 the people in front had been served and had moved on , so mike walked forward , stood at the counter and smiled at the girl . 
 she already knew that his japanese was crap , so she just stared and smiled back nervously , waiting for him to take the lead . 
 he showed her the card and pointed at it . 
 she laughed loudly but nervously and seemed embarrassed . 
 `` nani kore ? '' 
 -lrb- what 's this ? -rrb- 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` dou iiu koto ? '' 
 -lrb- what are you up to ? -rrb- 
 she cupped her hands over her face while tears of disbelief and embarrassment welled in her eyes . 
 mike could n't help but sense that there was something on the card that was n't quite right . 
 nevertheless , he had her attention so he decided to go ahead with the question . 
 `` doko ni arimasu ka ? '' 
 -lrb- where is this ? -rrb- 
 he asked hesitantly . 
 she just stared at him . 
 mike looked around noticing that some other staff did the same , while one of the male staff members was shaking his head in disbelief . 
 mike was alarmed . 
 he felt like a bull in a china shop -- albeit a japanese china shop -- clumsily knocking down and smashing the surrounding social conventions . 
 he glanced around . 
 everyone was staring at him . 
 embarrassed , he turned and raced out of the store , feeling the sting of the imagined laughter on the back of his neck as he exited . 
 when he was sure that he was out of sight he pounded his forehead with his open hand as he walked . 
 `` dickhead , '' said his inner monologue . 
 `` dickhead , '' he said out loud . 
 passers-by stared at him fleetingly in terror then promptly ignored him . 
 ebisu the day was flying by and it was now late afternoon . 
 the shadows were cool and long and the sun warm and low in the sky . 
 evening was not far away . 
 mike noticed that the people walking around -- both men and women -- were wearing suits and were walking in groups . 
 the atmosphere of the area was beginning to change . 
 the light from the many restaurants and bars was beginning to illuminate the streets while the sun began to take its leave , deferring to the evening . 
 neon lights began flashing and swirling , advertising products in animated characters that seemed to have a life and meaning separate to the advertised products . 
 mike had walked back towards the train station and was standing again at the now familiar entrance where he could see the vending machines he had mistakenly relied upon . 
 to the left was a taxi rank and about six black toyota taxis were parked , one behind the other , waiting for customers . 
 he decided to walk up to the first taxi and ask for directions . 
 given that his last try at speaking japanese was particularly unsuccessful he decided to make sure that he was well prepared for the next attempt ; practicing , he formed the sentences in his mind . 
 `` to be polite i should start with sumimasen . 
 -lrb- excuse me -rrb- ... and then maybe an anno -lrb- ummm -rrb- to make me seem fluent . 
 then show him the card and ask , koko wa doko desu ka ? 
 -lrb- where is this ? -rrb- 
 he made his way over to the first taxi in line . 
 the taxi driver was sitting and staring blankly into the distance when he noticed mike out of the corner of his eye . 
 he turned his face towards him through the open front passenger door window and smiled nervously . 
 the driver quickly regained his composure , his face turning stony cold . 
 he bowed his head slowly and then raised it again , defiantly staring mike straight in the eye . 
 mike fumbled his first words . 
 `` sumimummummm ... shit ! '' 
 exclaimed mike in frustration . 
 the taxi driver cocked his head slightly left , as if positioning himself to hear more clearly . 
 `` ee ... sheeto ? '' 
 -lrb- what did you say ? 
 seat ? -rrb- 
 it seemed that he had interpreted mike 's expletive ` shit ' as ` seat ' . 
 mike quickly realized that he was already in trouble and had n't even managed to ask what he had come to ask . 
 in desperation , he just flashed the card at the driver through the window and asked him , `` doko ni arimasu ka ? '' 
 -lrb- where is this ? -rrb- 
 the taxi driver laughed heartily right in mike 's face . 
 mike blushed red . 
 `` nan de ? 
 nan de ? '' 
 -lrb- what the hell ? -rrb- 
 the taxi driver repeated over and over . 
 a japanese man appearing to be in his early thirties walked up to the rear door of the taxi . 
 catching the taxi driver 's eye he waved and nodded , signaling to the taxi driver that he wished to hail this cab . 
 the rear door flung open automatically , the driver engaged the passenger in a quick and trite exchange that mike did n't understand then the door slammed shut . 
 the driver , with his face pointed about three degrees shy of mike 's direction but with his eyes looking straight ahead , smiled forcedly . 
 he slowly bowed his head . 
 `` sumimasen , '' he mumbled . 
 then , without flinching or changing expression he slowly drove off leaving mike abandoned on the sidewalk . 
 he had never been snubbed so politely . 
 the next taxi did not advance and none of the drivers would make eye contact with him . 
 mike shoved the card back in his wallet , giving up on the idea . 
 he decided to pace the streets a little more , firstly to leave behind another particularly embarrassing situation and secondly to work off the energy and rising stress levels . 
 late afternoon had given way to early evening by this stage and the streets now seemed to be spilling over with different kinds of people . 
 with time on his hands , mike started looking at the people . 
 he found himself peering deeply into the many asian faces , noticing a degree of variation he was surprised to have not yet seen . 
 as he continued on he began seeing patterns of variation in bone structure , head shapes and sizes , walking styles , physiques and expressions . 
 his focus soon narrowed , however , due to the abundance of elegant , skinny , shapely , fashionable and sexy women . 
 mike reasoned that at least , for the time being he was distracted and able to focus on something other than the dire situation he was in . 
 it had now been about eight hours since he had left his new apartment . 
 he had n't slept in twenty-four hours and was in a strange country with no useful language or literacy skills . 
 `` at least the girls are pretty , '' he thought . 
 allowing time for a little chuckle , he felt the layers of stress begin to peel off his shoulders as he laughed . 
 a small , old , frail woman shuffled along the street at a snail 's pace . 
 she was bent over almost horizontal with the pavement , supporting herself with a thin walking stick . 
 she saw mike chuckle and frowned at him . 
 a feeling of hopelessness again took hold of him . 
 he walked and walked , filling his time by staring at people , ogling girls , counting vending machines , mumbling to himself , laughing at his predicament and thinking . 
 he wanted to talk to people but was obviously not competent enough to communicate even the simplest of messages . 
 `` hang on , '' he thought , suddenly realizing that there must be people here who could speak at least some english . 
 `` that 's why i came here , to teach english . 
 there must be someone ! '' 
 excited by this revelation and with no better plan , he decided to solicit strangers as they walked past and ask them for directions in english . 
 he stopped walking and stood by a low chain barrier next to the pavement of the long busy street he was in . 
 the first person to stray past was a man , tall with a rather stoic appearance . 
 mike moved towards him , smiling a pathetic , nervous smile . 
 he looked him in the eye as he approached and said in as friendly a voice as possible , `` excuse me . '' 
 the man veered around him , ignoring him entirely and not even turning to look back as he continued on down the sidewalk . 
 mike gathered his composure and picked out another man to ask , but the same thing happened . 
 he tried again and yet again , each time being skillfully avoided . 
 it became obvious that , from a distance , the people he was approaching had seen the actions of the person preceding them . 
 `` group mentality and social conformity is obviously alive and well in japan , '' mike thought , as he gave up asking . 
 there was not a lot he could do about human nature , he realized , and it seemed he had a lot to learn about japan . 
 his ego bruised but now feeling much wiser , mike walked on a little , finding himself standing in front of one of those snack bars he had encountered so many times on his random rounds of the area over the last couple of hours . 
 the osaka big luck snack seemed to beckon . 
 mike was tired , depressed and alone . 
 in need of a diversion , alcohol now seemed a reasonable option given the circumstances . 
 he stood and pondered his predicament for a while as hundreds of people streamed past him with out so much as a bump , a nudge or a stare . 
 at this stage a bump or a nudge would have restored his faith in human nature as he stood on the pavement , alone and craving human contact and communication . 
 next to the snack bar was a vending machine that sold cigarettes . 
 it caught mike 's attention . 
 `` bloody vending machine , '' he cursed out loud . 
 `` if it was n't for you i 'd be home now . '' 
 mike realized that he was talking to a machine but at this stage it was all that he had . 
 none of the passers-by paid him any attention . 
 next to the vending machine was a rock . 
 not a small one that he could throw at the vending machine but a large one that he could sit on . 
 mike fished out all of the change from his pocket , walked up to the vending machine saw that a price of 250 yen was printed below an image of an attractive looking box of mild seven light cigarettes . 
 he put in the 250 yen , a light lit up and he pushed it . 
 with an echoing bang followed by a dull thud , the pack of cigarettes was ejected from the shelf to the collection tray at the bottom of the machine . 
 fascinated by the machine , mike marveled at the design and faultless function . 
 he took the pack of cigarettes from the tray then sat on the rock breathing a sigh of relief , staring at his new friend the vending machine , before realizing that he had no matches . 
 `` you fucking indian giver ! '' 
 he yelled at the machine . 
 `` who the hell do you think you are , you fucking vending machine ? '' 
 this time he did n't even bother to see if people had noticed him talking to a machine . 
 the vending machine did not respond . 
 mike stared and considered his position a little further . 
 `` i bet you 've seen it all , '' he said to the vending machine . 
 `` standing here , day after day , watching and waiting , day and night . '' 
 mike knew he was getting a little weird but he was used to disappointment and just did n't care that people might see him ` lose it ' . 
 with no help or communication so far , he had nothing to lose by relying on a vending machine for companionship . 
 mike sat there and imagined all of the action that had passed by this vending machine over the years . 
 in his mind , he saw young people with pink and blue hair on the way to , or back from , night venues ; businessmen in cheap but comfortable , perfectly-cut grey and black suits on their way to an important meeting or to a tachiguisoba -lrb- stand and eat noodle bar -rrb- ; university students on the way to buy some ramen -lrb- japanese noodles in a soup -rrb- heading off to their arubaito -lrb- part-time job -rrb- . 
 `` you should publish your memoirs some time , '' mike suggested . 
 the vending machine gave him a wink as a red lamp backlit some important looking kanji characters and flashed on and off . 
 temporarily snapping back to reality , mike stretched him arms and back . 
 yawning , he looked around . 
 next to the rock was a small statue of a rotund and happy looking man with a tall hat and big ears . 
 there was plaque at the bottom that was first written in japanese and then in english . 
 with nothing better to do , mike read the plaque . 
 ebisu : ebisu was originally named hiruko , meaning `` leech child '' . 
 he was the first child of izanagi and izanami , born without bones due to his mother 's transgression during the marriage ritual . 
 hiruko struggled to survive but , as he could not stand , he was cast to the sea in a boat of reeds before his third birthday . 
 he eventually washed ashore and was cared for by the ainu ebisu saburo . 
 the weak child overcame many hardships , grew legs and the rest of his skeletal structure at the age of three and became the god ebisu . 
 he remains slightly crippled and deaf , but mirthful and auspicious nonetheless , hence the title , `` the laughing god '' . 
 mike laughed . 
 the god ebisu , the ` leech child ' could do it . 
 despite adversity , he was happy , mirthful and auspicious . 
 he loved this little guy . 
 the bones though ... pretty much a jellyfish for three years before he grew a backbone ! 
 he reflected on his predicament . 
 `` this is all nothing more than a test of character , '' mike reasoned . 
 his mood lifted significantly as did his posture , as his backbone seemed to become more rigid . 
 `` hang on , '' he thought , as he sat on his little rock with his new friend and mentor . 
 `` the snack bar , there 's got to be some matches or a lighter or something in there ... a beer ! 
 perfect ! '' 
 mike stood up , giving his left ear a scratch as it had suddenly become unusually itchy . 
 projecting the god ebisu , he opened the reinforced , brown aluminium door of the snack bar and walked in . 
 daichi heights a young , skinny man stood leaning at the service side of a bar with his arms spread on either side of his body supporting his weight . 
 he was holding a cloth , scrunched up in his right hand and had another draped over his left shoulder . 
 he smiled a nervous smile at first but quickly swung into public service mode , bowing as he bellowed in japanese . 
 `` irashaimase . '' 
 -lrb- welcome -rrb- . 
 mike almost felt comfortable as the young man motioned to a barstool for him to sit down on . 
 `` dozo , dozo '' , -lrb- go ahead -rrb- repeated the barman with a reassuring smile . 
 mike had long since lost any confidence in his ability to speak japanese , so he just smiled and in his most polite accent said `` thank you , '' in english , as he took a seat . 
 the next problem was how to order . 
 `` nihongo ga dekimasu ka ? '' 
 -lrb- can you speak japanese ? -rrb- 
 asked the man . 
 not understanding him , mike used one of the few japanese words that he could remember . 
 `` wakarimasen , '' -lrb- i do n't understand -rrb- he muttered in japanese , with a shrug of his shoulders . 
 the man seemed perplexed . 
 without speaking , he smiled again and pointed in an elegant fashion to a page with photographs of alcoholic drinks with japanese written all over it that had been placed on the bar . 
 mike immediately recognized a bottle of beer and pointed to it . 
 `` kore kudasai , '' -lrb- this please -rrb- he said hesitantly . 
 the man smiled again , wondering why mike had said that he could n't understand japanese , in japanese , and was now ordering his drink -- also in japanese . 
 without dwelling on this conundrum , he gave a quick bow and replied with a short , sharp and compliant reply . 
 `` hai . '' 
 -lrb- ok then . -rrb- 
 he retreated from the bar a little , leaned down and pulled a bottle of beer from a magic space behind the bar . 
 flipping the lid , he expertly placed a glass immediately in front of mike and poured the beer leaving a perfect head . 
 he then placed the beer bottle next to the glass on mike 's left with the label facing towards mike . 
 mike looked at the label out of interest and nearly fell backwards as he read it . 
 ye-bi-su . 
 `` the goddamn beer 's name is yebisu ! 
 how close can you get ? '' 
 he smiled and shook his head in disbelief , marveling at this auspicious coincidence . 
 the barman just stared at the counter . 
 mike felt warm and welcome as the first sip of beer washed away all of the previous stress and confusion . 
 he looked around the bar and noticed that he was the only one there . 
 the bartender had retreated to a corner of the bar and was preparing some kind of snack . 
 mike deduced that it must be early and looked at his watch . 
 it was 6:30 but he quickly remembered that he had forgotten to wind his watch forward from singapore time where he had been in transit for a couple of hours . 
 it was actually 7:30 pm . 
 he took the time to wind his watch forward . 
 mike sat silently yet content , temporarily forgetting about his predicament as he finished the glass . 
 he put it down and reached for the bottle to pour his next drink , but the bartender raced over and took the bottle from mike 's hands . 
 `` iee , iee , '' -lrb- no , no -rrb- he insisted . 
 he poured mike 's next glass while smiling a most hospitable smile while concurrently summoning courage and silently miming words . 
 he made a few odd movements of his mouth before spitting out what appeared to be some words in english . 
 `` whhhear aru eeyu foorommu , '' he mumbled . 
 mike just stared . 
 he did n't understand one word of what he had just been said . 
 there was a rather long moment of embarrassing silence . 
 after applying a little logic to the situation , mike managed to come to the realization that the bartender was trying to communicate with him in english and that he had just asked , `` where are you from ? '' 
 mike jumped at the chance to speak in english . 
 `` australia , '' he answered gleefully . 
 the man nodded and smiled signaling that he understood . 
 he then proceeded to list all that he knew that was australian . 
 `` koala , kangaroo , shidonee , '' -lrb- sydney -rrb- he reeled off in a succession of unconnected single utterances . 
 mike nodded and replied using the other japanese word that he knew . 
 `` hai , wakarimashita . '' 
 -lrb- yes , i understand -rrb- the two continued on in this manner for quite some time and a few more beers . 
 over a series of mispronounced and sometimes irrelevant english and japanese words and phrases , both men 's stories emerged . 
 the bartender had visited australia on his honeymoon and had had the time of his life . 
 he had been well looked after and loved by the australians he had met . 
 he had not studied english very hard at school but he kept it up as a hobby . 
 mike was enjoying the beer and the conversation and had almost forgotten the predicament he was in when it flashed violently back to the forefront of his memory . 
 tsuyoshi , the bartender , asked mike where in japan he lived . 
 mike could n't say , so he took out the address card from his wallet that he had shown to the girl at ` moz burger ' and to the taxi driver . 
 he showed it to tsuyoshi . 
 `` nan de ? 
 nan de ? '' 
 -lrb- why ? 
 why ? -rrb- 
 he exclaimed . 
 `` what ... why ? '' 
 mike pleaded desperately . 
 `` why is this strange ? '' 
 tsuyoshi could see the genuine concern in mike 's face . 
 it was obvious that he was a foreigner in a strange country and way out of his depth . 
 he seemed to take pity on mike as he mentally prepared the vocabulary he would need to explain the situation . 
 `` this is a girl , '' he began . 
 `` a sex girl , '' he added punctuating this with raised eyebrows while leaning forward into mike 's personal space to add effect . 
 things began to fit in to place . 
 tsuyoshi slowly and painfully explained to mike that the card was for advertising sex services and that the address was for a company in the middle of the city , far from where they now were . 
 he pointed out though , that on the back , written in pen using katakana characters was the name of mike 's apartment block , daichi heights . 
 mike laughed loudly then almost cried with relief . 
 at least he knew how to explain where he lived now . 
 `` but why on the back of a card like this ? '' 
 tsuyoshi explained to him that this whole area was a nightlife hot spot and that a part of it was a lively and vibrant sex industry . 
 it was likely that the old superintendent did a sideline job distributing these cards and taking bookings as well as other more salacious activities . 
 mike was happy for this resolution but now more that just a little worried about where he was and were he lived . 
 `` where is daichi heights ? '' 
 he asked tsuyoshi . 
 `` do n't you know ? '' 
 mike had no response . 
 he did n't know . 
 he thought about how stupid he must have looked and started to feel like a country bumpkin on his first trip to a big city . 
 `` i 'm lost , '' he admitted sheepishly to tsuyoshi . 
 tsuyoshi was concerned for mike and his face radiated empathy for him . 
 mike was surprised , but welcomed his sympathy . 
 his level of concern exceeded his level of responsibility towards mike , his customer . 
 he could sense that tsuyoshi was looking at him through the eyes of a responsible japanese citizen and he was concerned that mike was not enjoying his first experience of japan as he had done in australia . 
 although tsuyoshi had said nothing , it made sense , as it was the only way to explain what he did in response . 
 tsuyoshi put down his towel , put on a coat , then took a set of keys from a hook on the wall next to the snack preparation area . 
 `` ikou , '' -lrb- let 's go -rrb- he said as he offered to drive mike home . 
 he closed up shop and led mike to his car . 
 gob smacked but tired and humiliated enough to accept the offer unconditionally , mike agreed . 
 tsuyoshi 's car was a new model , square-shaped nissan cube sedan . 
 the backs of the seats were covered in fluffy fake fur and there was a dice dangling down from the rear-vision mirror . 
 there was a state-of-the-art sound system , navigation system , cell phone interface and a non -- standard , glowing plastic extension indicator arm with bubbles at its center . 
 the car smelled like a pine forest and was immaculately clean and tidy . 
 mike 's bum made a squeaky noise , just a few hertz higher in frequency than a high-pitched fart , as he settled into the shiny leather passenger seat . 
 `` nice car , '' mike said as tsuyoshi fired up the engine , barged onto the road in reverse and slipped into the stream of traffic . 
 they did n't speak much as tsuyoshi pushed a few buttons on his nabi -lrb- navigation system -rrb- , presumably looking for daichi heights.the traffic was a blur of red , green and yellow light . 
 everywhere it was light . 
 there was no dark . 
 it was a surreal contrast to the low-lit snack bar where mike had spent the last hour sitting . 
 negotiating the traffic skillfully , tsuyoshi turned off the main road onto a side street that was just wide enough for the car to enter without getting the wheels stuck in the open drains on either side . 
 `` god help us if a car comes the other way , '' mike thought as a car came the other way . 
 tsuyoshi found a space to veer over , next to a sidewalk that mike was sure was n't there when they had entered , and the other car passed -- the driver smiling , nodding his head and waving his hand in gratitude for their deference . 
 a little further up the road , past a group of vending machines stocked with beer , tsuyoshi turned into a small alcove in front of the street entrance to an apartment block . 
 although mike had spent all of thirty minutes at the apartment block when paul showed him the way , he could tell immediately that this apartment block was not the right one . 
 tsuyoshi stopped the car and gave mike an inquisitive look . 
 he felt like he was imposing now , as he knew that tsuyoshi had to get back to the snack bar , but mike could n't lie . 
 he was n't going to get out and become even more lost . 
 mike shook his head and smiled . 
 `` hai , hai , '' said tsuyoshi with a hint of resignation in his voice . 
 he put the car into gear roared off to another location . 
 they weaved in and out of little side-alleys flanked by rickety old houses made of corrugated iron that contrasted with state-of-the-art japanese two-storey apartments . 
 mike was a little surprised to find that in amongst all of this big city hustle and bustle , they were actually at one stage travelling on a road that ran straight down the middle of a series of rice fields . 
 it was a serene experience and a welcome break - a left turn at the end of the rice field and serenity succumbed to opulence . 
 they were back into the action hot spot again -- -- lights , traffic flashing neon lights and people . 
 they came to another apartment block and tsuyoshi pulled over at the front entrance again . 
 it was not mike 's apartment . 
 he began to get the feeling that for all his good intentions , tsuyoshi was guessing . 
 after the third , then the fourth apartment , tsuyoshi seemed also to lose heart . 
 he looked at his watch , said ` sorry ' in english then drove directly to the snack bar , arriving within minutes . 
 without another word , they walked in to the bar . 
 mike paid his bill and said ` thank you ' and ` goodbye ' . 
 tsuyoshi just silently bowed a few times . 
 both of them were a little too embarrassed to say or do much more . 
 kinki karaoke it was now about 9.00 pm . 
 although mike 's situation was hopeless , he did n't feel at all the pressure that he had felt earlier . 
 at this stage , there really was no imperative to get home . 
 as much as he had n't planned any of this , it was an education and he felt that he was experiencing a lot very quickly . 
 he did n't need to contact the english conversation company for two days , as the training began on monday and it was now friday night . 
 he walked on from the car park of the snack bar to a corner where a small stairway led to the glass-door entrance of a building that was closed for the night . 
 next to it were a group of vending machines that sold cigarettes . 
 he had inadvertently left his cigarettes at the snack bar so he decided to buy a new pack . 
 they were so cheap it did n't really matter . 
 he purchased the smokes and using a packet of matches that he had kept from the snack bar , lit one up . 
 smoking slowly , he stared for what seemed to be a number of hours , sitting on the steps , looking very much out of place and yet attracting nothing more that the most fleeting of stares . 
 he watched people come and go . 
 at one stage , a group of forty-something men , many of them balding and a little chubby , accompanied by several young and attractive twenty-something women , all slim , pretty and wearing office attire , left the restaurant on the opposite corner and gathered in a group outside its entrance . 
 they stood in a circle and led by the oldest-looking of the group , loudly chanted , `` banzai , banzai , banzai , '' -lrb- hoorah , hoorah , hoorah -rrb- raising their arms and then letting them drop to their sides between ` banzais ' . 
 a pair of young girls wearing fluffy , clip-on bunny ears was giving out what appeared to be small individual tissue packets to passers-by . 
 girls in skirts that left nothing to the imagination and shoes that doubled their height paraded about inelegantly yet exuding a certain exotic form of cuteness . 
 they were holding mobile phones with little blue lights and fluffy little bunny shaped things dangling down from the phones . 
 young men looking and walking ` just so ' in fashionable suits moved in and out of the multitude of restaurants and bars lining the streets . 
 mike sat there mesmerized , as if he were watching a movie . 
 he snapped out of it , though , when he saw three happy western-looking faces in the distance , coming towards him . 
 he squinted a little as he looked again to confirm that walking his way were three people of western appearance . 
 sure enough , a man in his late twenties and two women , possibly in their early twenties , were walking amongst the crowds in mike 's direction . 
 he jumped up and startled a young woman walking along the footpath , who promptly frowned at him . 
 weaving in an out of the constant stream of people , he gradually made his way closer and closer until he was a little less than three meters in front of them . 
 they stopped and they stared at each other for a moment . 
 `` thank god i 've found you guys , '' mike said with a smile and a sigh . 
 with puzzled expressions on their faces , they stared at him momentarily . 
 one of the girls launched into a lightning-fast series of questions and comments in what appeared to be fluent german . 
 stunned , mike stared back at them with a forlorn and hopeless expression . 
 the three of them shrugged , the girls giggled , the man smiled and they continued on their way , leading off ahead of mike and leaving him standing where he was . 
 pouting and slouching , mike swaggered back to his stairway , sat down and took out another cigarette , realizing just after he had put it in his mouth that he had dropped the matches in his haste when he had raced to meet the three germans . 
 he imagined his little mate the ebisu god laughing and the thought made him feel a little better . 
 `` it must be getting late , '' thought mike . 
 he looked at his watch -- it was 10.30 pm . 
 he returned to his steps and resumed his new pastime of people watching for a while , until the happy , engaged faces of the crowds started to make him feel a little lonely and sad . 
 he switched to staring at objects for a while and became fixated on , of all things , a public telephone booth . 
 he could see it from the front as it was fairly close to him on the sidewalk . 
 stuck on the wall next to the booth was a series of cards with pictures on them . 
 bored , with nothing better to do , he decided to investigate things a little further . 
 he stood up and walked over to the booth and was surprised at what he saw . 
 the photographs were of young girls presumably for sale . 
 the pictures were not particularly provocative but the fact that there were no other products in the pictures encircled by pink love hearts made it fairly obvious . 
 he marveled at the beauty of the girls and wondered if the woman advertised could possibly be the same as the woman available . 
 he decided in the negative . 
 just at that moment , mike heard a magical , musical , sweet sound that immediately arrested his interest in the photographs and forced his mind back on task . 
 english ! 
 it was a manchester accent and quite loud but it was nevertheless music to mike 's ears . 
 he glanced from the booth to his right and immediately recognized that there were three tall , western-looking young men walking towards the booth . 
 he quickly turned away and focused on what his situation must have looked like to a passing expatriate englishman and his two friends . 
 a man in his early thirties , on his own in japan in an established nightlife area ogling pictures of young girls for sale in a public telephone booth ! 
 `` not a pretty picture , '' thought mike . 
 he had been hoping all evening for such a moment of salvation and now that it was here ... mike became terrified at the thought of missing this chance . 
 he formed a plan where he would just wait until they had walked past and then call them from behind as if he had been chasing them . 
 he turned with his back to the street and waited and listened intently for the right moment . 
 unfortunately , time must have warped under the strain of the imperative to seize the opportunity . 
 miscalculating , mike turned around and walked out of the telephone booth and straight in front of the three guys . 
 they stopped abruptly in front of him , a little startled but nowhere near as startled as mike . 
 he smiled and feigned surprise . 
 no one said anything . 
 it felt like hours . 
 mike reasoned that it was minutes but in all probability it would n't have been much more than a second of awkward silence before he managed to utter a monosyllabic , `` oh ! '' 
 in a reserved manner , the english man that he had heard talking from a distance greeted him , saying nothing about the telephone or the cards . 
 `` good evening , i 'm jon , '' he said politely breaking the ice . 
 mike managed a quick , `` hi '' before spewing out the story of his entire ordeal in what must have seemed like one continuous sentence . 
 he must have breathed on the way , but he certainly had no recollection of it . 
 `` well , '' said jon , pausing and smiling briefly , the others just staring , `` where is it that you said you were staying ? '' 
 `` a place called daichi , '' mike began . 
 `` heights , '' interrupted jon . 
 `` yes , yes , '' mike repeated excitedly . 
 `` that 's it . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` well my dear man , '' said jon patronizingly , `` that 's where we 're staying , we arrived today . '' 
 `` paul , paul jackson ! '' 
 mike exclaimed . 
 `` yes , that american chap , '' scoffed jon . 
 `` we had the pleasure earlier ; he escorted us from the airport to the apartments . '' 
 jon introduced mike to mark , a canadian of roughly the same age . 
 he was quite tall , handsome and muscular . 
 dressed in fashionable dark coloured jeans and wearing a black leather jacket , he exuded an air of confidence and a sense of unrealized sophistication -- -- a rough diamond . 
 and then there was jeff , a thin and awfully polite english man from london with the same middle-class mannerisms as hugh grant , but without the looks . 
 jon himself was an interesting chap . 
 self-confident yet nerd-like in appearance , he wore what could only be described as ` specs ' and wore jeans that hung too high and clung too tight . 
 jon continued to explain that the three of them had arrived in japan on the same day as mike , only a little later . 
 they had eaten already and were walking around looking for something to do . 
 `` amazing ... same company ... same apartments ... i ca n't believe my luck . '' 
 `` how ` bout we head off somewhere for a drink ? '' 
 mike suggested . '' 
 `` well '' , remarked jeff . 
 i 'm sure that would be fine , if only we knew of some place good . '' 
 `` hell yeah , '' added mark . 
 `` a couple of beers sounds good -- but where ? '' 
 mike interrupted suggesting that they all head on to the snack bar that he had been to earlier . 
 it seemed like the right thing to do for tsuyoshi , the barman , as a way of returning the kindness he had shown him earlier . 
 no one else had a better idea , so with mike at the lead , off they went . 
 on the way , they chatted about england , canada , australia and japan -- their plans for the next few days and impressions of japan so far . 
 there was no shortage of conversation , as they all seemed to get on pretty well . 
 when they arrived at the snack bar , tsuyoshi was a little overwhelmed at first , not knowing exactly where to sit such a loud and rowdy bunch of foreigners . 
 the bar had become more crowded since mike had been there earlier and tsuyoshi seemed a little preoccupied with all his other customers . 
 two young , attractive japanese women in their early twenties were now also working the bar in addition to tsuyoshi and there were another two working as waitress for the folk sitting at tables . 
 smiling politely , tsuyoshi sat the boys in a corner , off to the side , at first paying them little attention . 
 one of the waitresses came over to take their orders . 
 happy to be in each other 's company , their mood was lively and flippant . 
 jon was the first to speak . 
 `` i love you , '' he blurted in his most refined manchester accent . 
 not expecting this , they all smiled , embarrassed , then waited to see how the waitress would react . 
 she stood silently poised , smiling , pencil in hand held a couple of millimeters above the order book but obviously confused . 
 jon , sensing that his brazen remark was not being taken in context , tried for some attention again , this time ordering a drink in japanese . 
 he had studied a little japanese while at university in england and felt reasonably confident that he could negotiate this simple task . 
 he remembered that big in japanese was ookii and that beer was beeru . 
 he strung the two together and , adding a little samurai theatrics to his accent demanded , `` ooki beeru arimasu '' the waitress maintained her silence . 
 the other three glanced at each other , while jon smiled . 
 embarrassed , he tried to pretend that everything was still okay . 
 smiling , the waitress did n't flinch . 
 mark , the mysterious canadian , who had told the others stories of a previous trip to japan while they walked towards the bar , took on an air of confidence as he motioned to the waitress and smiled . 
 the others watched on , jaws agape , intrigued by this development . 
 he immediately caught her attention and she turned to him , cocking her head ever so slightly to the side while changing her expression to one of polite anticipation . 
 `` ano ne , '' -lrb- umm -rrb- he began . 
 her expression quickly changed to one of relief . 
 `` dai jocky yotsu onegaishimasu , '' -lrb- four large beers please -rrb- continued mark . 
 `` dai jocky yotsu , '' -lrb- that 's four large beers -rrb- she repeated . 
 `` hai , '' -lrb- yes -rrb- said mark as she smiled at each man in turn , twirled elegantly in the opposite direction then walked off to the bar . 
 `` well , that was impressive ! '' 
 exclaimed jeff in a toffy english accent . 
 jon , obviously outdone , sat silently stewing , while mark sat beaming , explaining to the others that jon had confused the waitress by simply stating that there was a big beer somewhere . 
 imagining how ridiculous this must have sounded to her , all of them except for jon burst out laughing , while jon retained his composure . 
 the waitress quickly returned holding two huge jugs of beer in each hand . 
 with a gentle and attention-getting curtsey , she placed them on the table , smiled again , bowed , twirled then elegantly moved on to another group of customers . 
 the four just watched her continuing on with her orders , stunned by her cuteness , the measure of which none of them had obviously ever experienced before . 
 they downed the beers in a matter of minutes without much dialogue . 
 feeling the need for more effect with less effort , they next decided to order an expensive whiskey , ostensibly with the intention of becoming even drunker -- yet each of them imagining another brief encounter with the waitress . 
 however , after the third and then the fourth drink , the novelty of the waitress started to wear off as it became obvious that being cute was just a part of the job and she was just as cute at every table she attended . 
 their attention soon turned to the karaoke in progress at the bar , as a rather dramatic , strings -- dominated , traditional-sounding melody floated over to their table . 
 it was being sung by a rather old-looking man , who appeared to be drunk and was warbling with his eyes closed in short , mono -- melodic , arbitrarily musical phrases , in a low voice . 
 `` what the hell is that ? '' 
 exclaimed mike . 
 mark jumped in and explained that it was a style popular with the older generations , called enka and involved warbling slowly and nasally to a banal , yet ubiquitous , melody with string sounds and a set , dynamic structure . 
 `` the subject matter always changes but it 's usually just a matter of splitting hairs between a tragic love story or a very tragic love story , '' he added . 
 with no reason to contest this , the other three just nodded in agreement , leaving mark yet again to retain the intellectual high ground . 
 `` so how is it that you really know so much about this country , mark ? '' 
 asked mike . 
 `` oh , i do n't know ... you know ... you kinda pick things up . '' 
 the others just stared , urging mark to divulge just a little more . 
 `` well ... i 've been around kansai before , you know . '' 
 `` yeah , what is that ? '' 
 interrupted mike . 
 `` what ? '' 
 asked mark . 
 `` you know ... kansai ... the airport ... kansai airport ... just kansai ? '' 
 continued mike . 
 `` oh , i see ... well they split japan into a few different regions . 
 the two big ones are kanto , the tokyo area and kansai , the osaka area , '' mark explained authoritatively . 
 `` just google , mark , '' mocked jon , more than a little annoyed with mark 's emerging position of intellectual alpha male . 
 mark waved jon down with his left hand and leaned forward as something came to mind . 
 `` you know there is another name for the greater kansai area , '' he said with a hint of mischief in his voice . 
 the others just waited in anticipation . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 urged mike . 
 `` it 's the kinki region ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 exclaimed mike . 
 jeff seemed a little embarrassed for some reason and stayed silent . 
 `` so this is kinki ? '' 
 mused jon . 
 `` i 've had better . 
 `` hey ... so that sad old man is singing ` kinki karaoke ' then , '' he added . 
 they all laughed . 
 it must have become obvious that they were going to spend some serious time and money at the bar , as tsuyoshi seemed to relax a bit , showing his approval of the way they were conducting themselves by inviting them to the bar , handing out tambourines all round and reorganizing the seating to allow them a place to sit . 
 the four of them were drunk enough to assume that being handed tambourines at a bar then being told to sit and perform was quite a normal thing . 
 willingly they agreed to participate as kinki choristers . 
 kinki kanji jon was seated at the end of the bar , next to a young , attractive girl and her date for the evening . 
 mark was next to jon ; mike next to mark and jeff next to mike . 
 the old drunken man was next to the girl 's date and was still singing passionately , but without melody , in enka style . 
 he finished his song and several people sitting to the right of the boys clapped for a moment , seemingly pandering to his ego . 
 he looked at the boys one by one as if seeking some validation of his talent , expecting them to motion their approval -- but all they could do was politely smile . 
 the man quickly turned to tsuyoshi and muttered a word in a mocking tone . 
 `` gaijin . '' 
 -lrb- foreigner . -rrb- 
 mark looked at mike , jon , then jeff confirming a shared acknowledgment of comprehension . 
 none of them liked the old man 's tone . 
 tsuyoshi seemed to notice the tension . 
 he quickly put out an open invitation to all of them to sing a song , possibly to diffuse a potentially difficult situation . 
 as had become the pattern , jon put up his hand first and a songbook emerged from behind the bar and was placed in from of him . 
 it contained a list of various outdated songs in english , which included many hits of the beatles and the carpenters , with a smattering of obscure hits by deep purple and bon jovi . 
 jon flicked through , picking out a beatles song , then put his index finger on a code printed next to the selection , so as not to lose his place . 
 `` so how do i get it to come up on the screen then ? '' 
 none of the others were listening . 
 the pretty girl , sitting between jon , her boyfriend and the drunken old guy , understanding the situation but not the language , motioned to jon . 
 she seemed to be suggesting with a reassuring smile that she help him select the song . 
 without hesitation , jon smiled back reassuringly and possibly a little lustfully , nodding enthusiastically in agreement . 
 she leaned over , using jon 's forearm that was resting on the bar to stabilize herself with her right hand as she stretched over to pick up a remote control that was on the other side of the bar , slightly to the left of him . 
 her loose fitting top flopped to one side , revealing her petite breasts cupped by an elegant bra . 
 this caught the immediate attention of not only jon , but of all the other gaijin at the bar . 
 the whole action seemed to roll out in slow motion , angled to perfection to achieve the maximum possible effect of seduction , eroticism , and nubile playfulness -- all innocently performed in the name of retrieving the remote . 
 no one else , including her date , seemed to notice a thing ! 
 she elegantly retracted her body , at one stage being within millimeters of brushing her breasts against jon 's face . 
 she proceeded to punch some numbers into the remote with the thumb on her left hand . 
 the next song title came up on the screen , but it was in japanese , so no one was sure if it was jon 's song . 
 the four looked at each other in confusion , shrugging shoulders and gesturing ignorance . 
 the pretty girl picked up a radio microphone , flicked the switch and handed it to jon just as the music-in-a-box style introduction to yesterday by the beatles began . 
 jon took a breath and then , out of time , appeared to bray like a sheep , the sound enhanced with some expensive-sounding reverb and echo . 
 the remaining three laughed in unison as he continued on in monotone sheep voice , dismembering what would otherwise have been a very beautiful song . 
 expecting everyone to be in stitches , jeff glanced around only to be amazed that most of the patrons continued private conversations . 
 the pretty girl , her date and the drunk man were singing together to the tune while others at the bar swayed in time to the music , apparently captured by the mood , despite the out of context farmyard sounds . 
 stunned , the other three stopped laughing , falling silent as they each took a humbled sip from their glasses . 
 the song ended with a ritardando section , decreasing in tempo and throwing jon 's timing out completely , turning the ending of the song in to a cat-and-mouse style , catch-the-appropriate-beat game that neither the karaoke box nor jon could ever hope to win . 
 the song finished with a quick drum roll and a sizzling cymbal crash . 
 there was a round of polite clapping and the room returned to the familiar sounds of polite chatter and laughter . 
 jon , obviously unaware of just how poor a singer he actually was , looked at mike with a cheeky , childish grin . 
 `` that was alright then , '' he uttered rhetorically . 
 mike said nothing and just nodded with a strained controlled grin . 
 mark just jumped in . 
 `` that was absolute shit . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 protested jon . 
 `` well , for a start you sing like a sheep , '' retorted mark . 
 he looked around with a confident grin , searching for agreement in the faces of both mike and jeff , but neither of them was willing to take a side in this . 
 mark turned away from the two and , with a taut smile that bordered on aggressive , tried to take the microphone from jon . 
 skillfully , jon maneuvered the microphone in such a way that mark was unable to grab it . 
 he continued to taunt him until , on the fourth attempt mark managed to snatch it away from him . 
 others at the bar noticed and began to smile , albeit nervously , for fear that the apparent playfulness might develop into a physical altercation . 
 with this on her mind , the pretty girl at the bar picked up the book of songs , turned to mark and , speaking across jon , said in the most disarming of voices , `` nani ga ii ? 
 eigo no uta utaimashyou ka ? '' 
 -lrb- what song would you like to sing ? 
 would you like to sing a song in english ? -rrb- 
 mark became mesmerized , quickly forgetting the game he was playing , falling under the alluring spell of the kinki karaoke bargirl . 
 it would not be true to say that mark was entirely sober , nor that he had honorable intentions -- but none of that mattered . 
 what he did next trumped jon 's efforts tenfold , as he answered her in japanese . 
 `` iie , nihongo no uta ga ii desu yo . 
 urufuruzu no uta ga aru no . ? '' 
 -lrb- no thanks ; i 'll sing a japanese song . 
 is there a song by urufuzu ? -rrb- 
 the girl leapt back in surprise , holding her hands to her mouth while enunciating a sound of surprise that rose in pitch to a glissando of astonishment . 
 other people at the bar stopped talking , cocked their heads and stared at mark . 
 the drunken man at her side was making sounds with the intention of them being words , but seemed to be mismanaging the interface between thought and production , with the net effect being a muffled sort of drone with the hint of social function as evidenced by appropriate body gestures . 
 notwithstanding this spectacle , the focus , however , had well and truly moved to mark . 
 it was an unavoidable challenge to mark who , sensing the moment , took a quick pause to contemplate his next move . 
 `` eto , '' -lrb- umm -rrb- he mumbled . 
 the crowd collectively appeared to twitch in unison in anticipation of mark 's next utterance . 
 `` banzai to iu uta o utaimasu , '' -lrb- i 'll sing a song called banzai -rrb- he stated with confidence as the girl frantically and compliantly flicked through the pages at the speed of a ` category five ' typhoon until , punctuated by a maniacal and childish repetition of the word `` mitsuketta '' -lrb- found it -rrb- she punched in the number and the first chord was struck . 
 to everyone 's surprise , mark seemed to be unfazed by the situation . 
 he waited patiently until cued by the drum roll and the beginning of the first cadence . 
 in the penultimate bar of the introduction , he raised the microphone to his lips . 
 `` yeah , '' he roared melodically , in a rough but rounded male rock growl , absolutely appropriate for the melody and the style . 
 there was an electric guitar introduction to a basic rock beat that highlighted the vocals . 
 then , with a spectacular rock and roll drum -- roll , ending with a splash of cymbals , the beat was laid down with drums , bass and guitar in preparation for the body of the song . 
 jeff quickly jumped in , while there was a quick melodic pause , to try and spoil mark 's moment . 
 `` that was in fact an english word that mark has just sung , '' he blurted sarcastically . 
 without time for others to comment , mark continued on like a rock legend , neutralizing jeff 's comments in an instant . 
 `` kimi o suki de yokatta , '' -lrb- i 'm so glad i like you -rrb- he waxed lyrically . 
 everyone in the place , except jon and jeff , spontaneously cheered as he continued on and crooned his way through some of the most convincing japanese any of them had ever heard a non-japanese passport holder produce . 
 mike was captured and watched , jaw agape at something that he had never imagined he would ever see live . 
 the young girl was simultaneously swaying , singing and smiling and the drunken man was still trying to finish what he was saying earlier , only the disparity between his thoughts and the sounds he produced seemed to have widened . 
 with a final , suspended fourth chord mark sang the last of the lyrics . 
 `` ra , ra ra , futari de . '' 
 -lrb- la , la , la , the two of us together -rrb- mark finished his song to cheers and claps . 
 the girl clapped , childishly repeating in japanese , `` sugoi , sugoi . '' 
 -lrb- fantastic -rrb- she repeated this over and over until the atmosphere in the room normalized . 
 her date stared at an ashtray with a neutral expression and the drunken man had finally connected thought with speech . 
 `` ee , gaijin san da kedo , nihongo de hanaseru , '' he stated in gruff , gravel like voice . 
 -lrb- wow , despite being a foreigner , he can speak japanese . -rrb- 
 no one responded to him . 
 next up , jeff had a go at bon jovi 's living on a prayer , mauling every note and every lyric as the rest of the bar tapped on tambourines giving shouts of encouragement as he dug himself deeper into a melodically vacuous hole . 
 finally , it was mike 's turn . 
 he chose a song that would allow him to skillfully shout his way through the melody , hiding his lack of control and quality of voice . 
 the beatles song she loves you seemed an appropriate vehicle for his level of talent . 
 mike also received some cheers of support as he launched into the rock and roll ` shouty-bits ' . 
 the night , however , was definitely mark 's -- and they all knew it . 
 they sang on to their heart 's content , congratulated each other on their vocal skills , bought another round of drinks , then turned their attention to the pretty girl at the bar that some of them had impressed . 
 she was glancing over in anticipation of a conversation that none of them , bar mark , was able to effect . 
 jeff , in a deflated but drunkenly honest tone , decided to give them all a realistic summary of their predicament . 
 `` there 's a lovely girl here but how do you talk to her if you ca n't speak a word of japanese ? '' 
 `` i guess that puts you ahead of the rest of us , '' mike said directly to mark . 
 the others looked on silently , waiting for a reply , anticipating some pearls of wisdom from mark to enable them to bring to reality some of the thoughts that seemed to be preoccupying them with regards to the fairer sex . 
 `` fuck it , '' said an obviously drunk mark , `` just try . '' 
 `` look , '' he said in the most authoritative of tones and gestures , as he slipped comfortably into his newly adopted role of gaijin group kinki love guru . 
 `` to tell you the truth , the less japanese you can speak , the better off you are . '' 
 `` so ... what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 questioned mike . 
 `` it 's a bit of fun , '' lectured mark . 
 `` you know , it puts you , the guy , at a disadvantage to her . 
 she gets to call the shots ... to be in control . 
 it makes you seem cute and vulnerable to them . '' 
 `` whoa , whoa , slow down there , '' demanded jon in his peculiar manchester accent . 
 he pulled out a pocket dictionary that he had picked up at the airport when he boarded the plane at heathrow . 
 `` so let me get this straight , '' he continued , waving the dictionary centimeters from mark 's face . 
 `` if i try out a conversation with her and i use this dictionary , i 'm in with a chance ? '' 
 jon paused in anticipation of a response , with the book held motionless in his hand , mid-gesture . 
 mark was quite drunk and was struggling to keep up with what he had said in the previous sentence . 
 what it looked like to everybody else was that he was calculating his response and was carefully considering the consequences for both jon and the girl in question , if jon were in fact to act on his advice . 
 he drew breath , ready to speak . 
 everybody leaned forward just a little ; jon , in particular , was captivated . 
 mark exhaled , speechless , staring at the counter . 
 no one uttered a word nor dropped their stare . 
 `` fuck it , '' he slurred . 
 `` fuck it , '' he repeated . 
 `` just try . '' 
 and with that , he sculled the remainder of the scotch and soda he had been swilling and slammed it on the counter . 
 with a shrug of his shoulders , jon immediately turned his determined attention to the girl who was still playing innocent stares . 
 the drunken man had apparently managed to further interface thought with action by this stage and was talking to the girl across her date but she was not looking at him nor replying . 
 the drunken man was apparently not aware of this . 
 jon leaned across to the girl and uttered in staccato japanese , `` sumimasen , '' -lrb- excuse me -rrb- within earshot of the girl . 
 he was holding a notebook that he taken from his top pocket with various lists of handwritten japanese kanji characters with explanations in english of each written beside them . 
 he looked like an amateur anthropologist as he tried to communicate with the girl using the redundant and repetitive japanese phrase , `` ano '' -lrb- umm -rrb- while smiling and pointing at a character with a pencil that he had extracted from the spine of the notebook . 
 mike and jeff just cringed as they watched this play unfold , wondering if they should nominate jon for a bafta award for his performance , while secretly hoping that this was actually a miscalculated drunken seduction routine and not the real jon . 
 mark just continued to drink , staring at the karaoke screen miming to the japanese words , oblivious to jon 's antics . 
 she looked at the notebook then motioned backwards on her seat while holding the side of her face with her hands . 
 she looked somewhat like a bad mimic of the famous munch painting the scream , although her face was put together in a much more aesthetically pleasing way . 
 `` kanji ga yomeru no ? 
 sugoi ! '' 
 -lrb- so you can read japanese characters ? 
 amazing ! -rrb- 
 not understanding a word of this , jon pointed , mimed and smiled his way through some embarrassing moments of what appeared to range from stop-start random and monosyllabic japanese utterances , to purely jabberwocky-inspired moments of irrelevant and contextually inappropriate lexical aberrations that inspired laughter and joy in the japanese girl . 
 she seemed to thoroughly enjoy the experience , captured by jon 's disarming incompetence with a second language . 
 helping jon with explanations in a mix of japanese that jon could n't hope to understand and punctuated with english and japanese , she lost all fear of proximity and moved closer to jon . 
 he seemed to be floating in heaven as he conversed , engaging her in an exclusive and unique linguistic experience that involved the notebook , the pencil and many , many grammatical errors . 
 it appeared to jon that the japanese girl was showing what seemed to be signs of attachment as she laughed , joked and slapped jon playfully on the shoulder . 
 her date sat smiling uncomfortably and silently staring at the ashtray and ignoring the drunken man sitting next to him . 
 bored with what could only be described as an intercultural mating ritual that did n't involve them , mike and jeff stuck up a conversation , while mark became disturbingly silent and contemplative . 
 `` so where have you been posted to ? '' 
 mike asked jeff . 
 `` not sure yet , we 'll be told after training is finished at the head office next week . '' 
 `` i did n't know that we had to wait , '' said mike with a hint of surprise in his voice . 
 `` why , do you already know ? '' 
 enquired jeff . 
 `` not really , '' replied mike with a guarded tone . 
 `` but i thought i might be posted to senri chuo in the north . 
 when i was being interviewed for this job back in melbourne , the guy ... the recruitment guy said something about if we got the job , we 'd probably be posted to the ritzy end of town . '' 
 `` i know senri chuo said jeff . 
 i 've a friend posted there : marley . 
 that 's how i came to find this job . 
 she has a boyfriend , an australian guy ? 
 umm , josh something . 
 so you know this city then ? '' 
 `` no ... no ... i just thought it through and worked it out ... you know ... after a look at my travel guide on the way over . '' 
 `` you 're so lucky you ran into us tonight then , '' jeff reminded mike . 
 `` yeah , it must be auspicious . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 enquired jeff . 
 `` oh , you know , the big ears ... me getting lost ... walking around with the card and everything ... meeting you guys . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure of exactly what you mean , but did you realize that we all got one of the cards from the superintendent ? '' 
 asked jeff . 
 `` that superintendent really does the hard sell . 
 i 'm looking forward to getting out of there as soon as i can . 
 so dodgy , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` nup , i did not know that , '' remarked mike . 
 `` you know , you better not flash it around . 
 nothin ' but trouble , that card . '' 
 `` yes , i 'd imagine so , '' jeff replied politely . 
 the night started to wind down as mark sank lower towards the bar and jeff and mike began flicking through the songbook without selecting a number . 
 mike decided to order one last drink and motioned with a short , sharp wave of the hand to tsuyoshi . 
 a beer magically appeared , poured into a glass with a perfect head of awa -lrb- foam -rrb- by the ever-attentive bartender . 
 people began to pay their tabs , grab their coats and with a quick , short bow and a smile , leave . 
 jon 's fledgling romance was also winding down , as the young japanese girl started to organize her immediate environment , starting with her scarf . 
 she began wrapping it around her neck , making sure that her long , shiny , silky black hair was not caught between the scarf and the collar of her blouse . 
 jon had n't seemed to notice that she was readying herself to leave until she leant down to pick up her bag that had been placed at her feet . 
 he was visibly affected by alcohol and was finding it hard to conceal his disappointment at her imminent departure . 
 jon 's expression became suddenly aggressive . 
 `` no , no , no , '' he repeated and began pointing to kanji characters again . 
 the novelty of the linguistic exchange had obviously worn thin , as she smiled , shaking her head and waving her hand politely in front of her chest to signal in the negative . 
 her date was already standing and had wrapped a scarf around his neck in readiness . 
 it was obvious to everyone that she wanted to leave after having had an enjoyable and interesting experience of international social intercourse . 
 like all busy and vibrant , attractive young city girls however , time had elapsed and she needed to get moving to the next appointed place with her date . 
 jon kept pointing the pencil that he was still holding , striking the notebook and eventually snapping the lead . 
 mark seemed to take notice , turning his head and looking a lot less drunk than the thirty seconds before jon had started with the pencil and the notebook . 
 the girl moved to position herself ready to stand from the bar stool but jon put his hand on her right shoulder and began to push down . 
 the girl gently shook her shoulders from side to side in order to shake off jon 's grip . 
 jon , apparently not perceiving the reality of the moment due to excessive alcohol consumption , kept his grip firm causing the girl to show an awkward , fearful , forced smile . 
 mark awoke ! 
 `` jon , '' he barked loudly and authoritatively . 
 `` put your fucking kinki kanji away and stand down . '' 
 those left in the room immediately turned towards the aggressive sound . 
 the old drunken man sat upright and stared at jon 's eyes . 
 the date gave an evil yet introspective stare . 
 tsuyoshi also became transfixed , smiling a superficial smile , paused in anticipation of jon 's next move . 
 no one in the room moved or spoke . 
 a moment settled and hovered and remained for much more than a moment . 
 jon , finally noticing the tension , slowly moved his hand away from the girl . 
 she quickly gathered her bag , moving from the stool , alighting without a word . 
 jon said nothing as the girl , escorted by her date , walked behind him on to the front of the bar near the door . 
 one of the female staff quietly stepped towards the register , picking up a small clipboard as the girl fished around in her bag , presumably looking for her purse . 
 people began to turn their attention away from jon and the girl as the icy mood of the snack bar began to thaw a little . 
 jon looked to mark , shrugging his shoulders . 
 mark shook his head and frowned at jon , motioning to him to stay quiet . 
 mike and jeff just looked around slowly to try and get an idea of what was going on and what to do . 
 the girl at the register rang up the girl 's bill , glancing at her every now and then while the kinki karaoke bargirl kept bobbing her head apologetically . 
 `` sumimasen , '' she repeated several times . 
 `` ichiman nisen san byaku en ni narimasu , '' -lrb- 12,300 yen please -rrb- chimed the register attendant in a perfunctory tone that only comes after repeating the same action a million times . 
 the girl quickly counted out the exact amount . 
 she neatly placed the bill in her bag , clipped it shut , then turned and without looking behind , walked out the door , her date in tow . 
 `` what the hell were you thinkin ' ? 
 do n't touch the locals in public like that , '' lectured mark . 
 the old drunken man was still staring at jon . 
 he started waving his finger at him like a school headmaster scolding a misbehaving child . 
 jon , mark , mike and jeff were transfixed . 
 the drunken man had begun nodding his head and intermittently shaking it while mumbling something unintelligible . 
 after a short time the noises seemed to take form as he managed a word in english . 
 `` no , '' he managed -- -- then again . 
 `` no ... no ... touchy , '' he continued -- -- and again . 
 `` no touchy jap ... panesu garu . '' 
 he punctuated his final utterance by slapping his hand on the counter and turning his back on jon . 
 he picked up his glass of beer , sculled the remainder , then stood , paid his bill and left without turning back to look . 
 all four watched as this defiant exit played out . 
 welcome to japan the bar was beginning to look like a japanese ghost town occupied by four foreigners . 
 mike was the first to speak . 
 `` makin ' friends and influencing people in osaka . 
 what a great start , hey ? '' 
 he lifted his glass of beer , sculled it and placed it on the counter heavily with a thud . 
 jon apologized . 
 `` sorry about that . '' 
 `` you fucking twat , '' said jeff aggressively . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 mark was keeping out of it for the time being , but was shaking his head in judgment as the others spoke . 
 `` i just love these girls . 
 i do n't know , she just seemed so into it , '' jon said by way of excuse . 
 `` good lesson , i suppose , '' he added . 
 `` i think we 've all got a lot to learn , '' pontificated mike . 
 `` except maybe mark , '' added jeff . 
 jon went quiet and just stared at the bottles of whiskey on the shelf behind the bar . 
 `` they 're called keep bottles , '' mark said , while placing his hand reassuringly on jon 's in a friendly gesture aimed at breaking the tension . 
 `` they 're what ? '' 
 `` keep bottles , '' mark repeated . 
 `` guys who come here a lot buy a bottle and pay the snack bar owner to keep the bottle here . 
 that way , they do n't have to pay each time they want a drink and it looks cool when they are chatting up a girl . 
 it 's kakkoi ... you know ... cool , sharp . '' 
 mark now seemed to have changed his cap to that of a communication coach , the way he was voluntarily lecturing the others on social etiquette and linguistics . 
 `` is there anything that you do n't know ? '' 
 mocked jon . 
 `` well you do n't seem to be doing that well without my help , '' retorted mark . 
 `` enough for tonight , '' jon declared . 
 `` are you guys ready to go ? '' 
 he nodded at mike and jeff while ignoring mark . 
 all three nodded . 
 `` right then , '' said jon , `` i 'll just get the bill . '' 
 with a slight grin , mark nodded in agreement while mike and jeff just stared in anticipation . 
 jon seemed to hesitate , nodding oddly while whispering a couple of words , obviously practicing the sentence needed to effect the desired action . 
 mark offered to help but jon brushed his offer aside . 
 after an awkward silence , however , jon had still said nothing . 
 he looked to mark and in a forced , conciliatory tone asked for a little help . 
 `` well , i 've got most of it but i 'm not sure how to say ` the bill ' ... you know , the receipt . '' 
 `` easy , '' replied mark . 
 `` just say kanjo . 
 kanjo , '' he repeated . 
 `` right , '' said jon , obviously not afraid to rise to the challenge . 
 he motioned to tsuyoshi , who hesitantly moved towards the general vicinity of the end of the bar where jon and the others were sitting . 
 `` sumimasen , '' jon said proudly followed by a conversational `` anno ne , '' -lrb- umm -rrb- , a trick he had picked up from mark during the first linguistic exchange in japanese with the waitress a little earlier . 
 all three were watching in an excruciating sort of anticipation . 
 jon seemed unaware of this as he launched in to the next and most important bit -- asking for the actual bill . 
 `` kanojo ga hoshi , '' he demanded . 
 it was a bit fast and heavily accented , so tsuyoshi needed to check , as he had n't understood . 
 mark , however , had understood perfectly because he was holding his mouth with his left hand in order to stop himself from laughing as he began to turn red in the face . 
 jon quickly turned to mark but instantly dismissed this as a childish attempt to throw him off . 
 tsuyoshi looked confused . 
 `` eh ? '' 
 -lrb- what -rrb- jon took a deep breath and repeated slowly , taking care to mouth each syllable with perfect inflection . 
 `` kanojo ga hoshi , '' he repeated slowly . 
 an instant expression of confusion then surprise appeared on his face . 
 mark , however , was beyond this . 
 he had begun to laugh uncontrollably and appeared to be choking . 
 he released air simultaneously though his nose and from the sides of the hands at great pressure , making audible snorting and farting sounds . 
 he was falling apart . 
 jon 's eyes darted from tsuyoshi to mark in confusion . 
 `` what , '' he asked mark nervously . 
 mark could n't take it any longer . 
 `` kanjo , you dick , not kanojo . 
 kanojo means girl . 
 you just told tsuyoshi that you want a girl . '' 
 mike and jeff burst into laughter spontaneously and uncontrollably . 
 tsuyoshi , who had been watching mark 's reaction had worked things out by now and was beaming . 
 milking the moment at jon 's expense he asked , `` nani ga hoshi desho ka ? 
 -lrb- what is it you think you want ? -rrb- 
 kanjo desu ka ? 
 kanojo desuka ? '' 
 -lrb- a receipt or a girl ? -rrb- 
 other staff that had overheard the exchange , smiled broadly at the innocent but hilarious mistake , erasing any of the previous tension and restoring the equilibrium . 
 without any further discussion , tsuyoshi presented the bill . 
 mark picked it up and did a quick mental calculation . 
 not too surprisingly , jon left him to it , sitting quietly flicking through his notebook , defeated . 
 `` that 's twelve thousand yen apiece , '' announced mark . 
 mike did a quick mental calculation himself . 
 `` that 's about a hundred and thirty bucks each ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 `` fucking expensive lesson tonight , then , '' complained jeff . 
 `` some big money to be made in japan , then , '' chimed in jon . 
 `` come on fellas , just cough up and let 's get out of here , '' ordered mark . 
 they all handed over the cash to mark and stood up . 
 mark walked ahead and waited for tsuyoshi at the register while the others exited the snack bar and waited outside next to the vending machine and the god ebisu . 
 mike glanced over at the statue and gave silent thanks for the help . 
 exhausted , mike checked his watch and was n't too surprised to find that it was 4:30 am . 
 `` my god it 's late ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 `` or is it early ? '' 
 mused jeff . 
 mike looked at the god ebisu again . 
 `` you know , i think it 's early ... just the beginning ... an auspicious beginning . '' 
 mark was listening as he walked out of the snack bar . 
 `` you 're right , mike , '' he said , slapping mike affectionately on the shoulder . 
 `` welcome to japan . '' 
 they all nodded and laughed . 
 together they walked back to the apartment block . 
 it was past the station , then on to the second road that mike had ventured down . 
 past the vending machines , they moved on to a small train bridge . 
 following a small path under it , the apartment was about ten meters on to the left . 
 mike realized that he had n't recognized the bridge , as this was the view of the other side of the bridge , the side he had n't seen when walking to the station . 
 they walked in through the well-lit entrance past the unoccupied superintendent 's office and paused in front of an even more brightly lit vending machine in front of the elevator . 
 feeling thirsty , mike fished around in his right trouser pocket for some change and pulled out a handful . 
 picking out the required one hundred and twenty yen he rolled the coins into the slot then stalled as every row of buttons lit up . 
 `` try this one , '' suggested mark as he pushed the button for cold oolong tea . 
 in no mood to complain to mark for denying him any choice , he took the bottle out of the bottom tray just as the elevator door opened . 
 a smiling man in his late fifties walked out , together with a woman in her early twenties dressed in similar fashion to the women in the picture of the card that mike had received from the superintendent . 
 they bowed politely as they continued on and out a door to the right of the superintendent 's office . 
 stunned , all four entered the elevator together and collectively wondered where the hell they were shacked up and how quickly they could get out of here . 
 mike pushed the button for the thirteenth floor . 
 `` oh , just below us , '' remarked jeff as he pushed the button for the fifteenth floor . 
 they rode silently , exhausted and drunk . 
 `` jyusangai de gozaimasu , '' announced the elevator as the door opened . 
 mike walked out and turned to say goodbye . 
 the door began to close but mark quickly held it open with his foot . 
 `` see you guys then . '' 
 `` ya , maybe late tomorrow , '' replied mark . 
 `` what 's your apartment number ? '' 
 `` 1503 ... later , '' said mark as he removed his foot , allowing the doors to shut . 
 back at his apartment and on his own , mike finally got a shower . 
 although it was like taking a shower in a kitchen sink , at that time of the morning , size did n't matter . 
 mike dried off , put on some pyjamas then prepared his bed . 
 he pulled a futon -lrb- japanese mattress -rrb- from the oshiire -lrb- bedroom closet -rrb- , placing it on the tatami mat floor . 
 then , he laid the kakebutton -lrb- japanese quilt -rrb- on top and climbed underneath . 
 with his mind racing and the light still on , he stretched over to the travel guide for a quick read to help him sleep . 
 still fascinated by the god ebisu he went straight for the index , finding it listed under the alternate spelling , yebisu . 
 ebisu -lrb- yebisu -rrb- : origin japan - in a nation fond of fish , ebisu is not surprisingly one of the most popular of the seven lucky gods . 
 ebisu is also the only deity among the seven to originate in japan . 
 today he symbolizes not only safe sailing and plentiful fishing but business prosperity for merchants in all trades and success to people in any occupation . 
 mike smiled , placed the book on his chest and exhaled . 
 he was asleep in a matter of seconds . 
 part ii old friends mike was a lovely guy but over the last ten years of working in japan he had become dumpy . 
 being short did n't help but it did n't stop him trying for the corporate look . 
 these days , he wore cheap , japanese salary man-priced black suits that he assumed was the mandatory uniform of the straight-jacketed society to which he aspired to belong . 
 at the top of his game , he was working for one of the highest paying corporate training and translation companies in japan . 
 he split his time between being dispatched to companies to train staff in language and culture and doing simultaneous translation , japanese to english . 
 mike and miyako had just finished a corporate training session for the staff at the hotel granvia . 
 `` well , i skipped lunch today and the ramen upstairs is pretty good ... i am , after all , a bit of a ra ... man but it is starbucks and i do like to sit and look ` corporate ' in my suit . 
 so , which is it then ? 
 the star or the ra ? 
 let 's make astro boy choose ? '' 
 suggested mike . 
 `` mike , are you still with me here ? '' 
 joked miyako . 
 `` what the hell are you talking about ? '' 
 `` atomu to the right . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` up and right ... atomu the statue . '' 
 `` oh , astro boy up there ... the statue . 
 i forgot we were at kyoto station . 
 look , on second thoughts , i 'm gon na take a rain check on the star and the ra . '' 
 `` oh , was it something i said , then ? '' 
 `` ha ... like i give a damn what you say ... especially after that astro boy thing . 
 no , i 've got some friends coming in from the states tomorrow and ... you know , i 'm just tired and want to get going , you know ? '' 
 `` yeah , to tell you the truth , i 'm pretty stuffed as well , '' conceded mike . 
 `` but i was thinking of catching up with some old friends myself , tonight . '' 
 `` oh , yeah , anyone i know ? '' 
 `` just these guys . '' 
 `` mike , stop nodding your head and pouting , '' demanded miyako affectionately . 
 `` oh , sorry , '' apologized mike . '' 
 no , no ... you would n't know them . 
 they go way back ... back to the day i landed here for the first time . 
 wow , it 's been such a long time . '' 
 `` no seriously , i mean stop this guilt-trip look you give me every time i am too busy to go somewhere with you . 
 you 're a nice guy and all but i just do n't ... got ta go mike . 
 see you on monday at kiyobashi station . '' 
 `` yeah , later , '' replied mike . 
 they parted ways at the top of the pedestrian walkway exit of kyoto station not far from the entrance to the hotel . 
 miyako rode the escalator down to the jr central entrance to catch the shinkansen hikari and mike walked back to the other side of the station via the pedestrian walkway to get to the karasuma subway . 
 it was two stops to shijo station . 
 there , he could change to the hankyu line at karasuma station then on to umeda in osaka , where he had a 2ldk apartment . 
 mike had been in touch with his old friend mark recently and knew that he would be in town . 
 mark was coming back from sydney sometime today , after finishing some marketing for his new online shopping venture . 
 he was n't sure , but mike suspected he might be staying with jon . 
 the train carriage was almost empty , as peak hour had long since passed , but mike still felt a twinge of guilt as he breached train etiquette , using a keitai denwa -lrb- cell phone -rrb- within earshot of other passengers . 
 `` moshi moshi , '' answered jon . 
 `` hey mate , mike here . 
 i was going to text you but you know how it is ... i mean with you and checking your messages and all . 
 up for a meeting of the brethren at the cantaloupe ? '' 
 `` need to confess do you ? '' 
 joked jon . 
 `` yeah , yeah , me and everybody else . 
 is mark coming ? '' 
 `` well he 's due at my house later on this afternoon but i have n't had a chance to put it to him yet , '' answered jon . 
 `` having said that , though ... no ? 
 ... to happy hour in osaka ? 
 what are the chances he 's changed that much ? '' 
 it was friday and jon and mike arranged to meet that evening at 6:00 pm precisely , in order to get as much from the hour as was possible . 
 after finishing with jon , mike put his keitai in his coat pocket and picked up his copy of the japan times , the headline catching his attention . 
 japan 's whale meat stockpile hit record last year : activists tokyo - japan 's whale meat stocks likely hit a record level of more than 6,000 tons last year , conservationists were quoted as saying in a report wednesday , suggesting it is becoming less popular with consumers . 
 `` makes sense , '' thought mike . 
 `` have n't seen any kujira -lrb- whale -rrb- at the supa -lrb- supermarket -rrb- for ages . '' 
 he scanned the article to keep abreast of the developing issue but quickly moved on to other news . 
 mike had found it prudent to avoid thinking and talking too much about kujira and iruka -lrb- dolphin -rrb- over the years . 
 as an australian living in japan , the issue always ended up forcing him to either take the australian side or prove his loyalty to his japanese friends and associates . 
 eventually , finding himself reading the entertainment listings , mike occupied himself with movie and band reviews , his mind wandering forward to the meeting at the cantaloupe later that evening . 
 the house mark had arrived at kansai airport at around 11:00 am . 
 customs had been a breeze and he had been able to catch the nankai express to tennoji then the osaka loop line to hachijo station . 
 dressed in dark denim jeans , a dark blue shirt and a black leather jacket , he towered over the twenty or so other people who rushed to alight ahead of him . 
 thankful that the morning peak hour had passed , he stood alone at the platform , positioned his sunglasses on top of his head then took a moment to check that he had all his baggage . 
 as he bent over , a droplet of water from the roof of the platform hit the back of his freshly shaven neck and he became aware of the fact that he was outdoors . 
 it was overcast and cold . 
 he stopped momentarily and stared , bent over his luggage as feelings of regret and self-doubt began to emerge . 
 quickly though , he psyched himself back into a positive frame of mind . 
 he was n't too worried about anything in particular -- -- it was just that he did n't really want to stay with jon . 
 having spent the last six years in this country , he had really seen and done all the things that were to be seen and done . 
 he was almost a local . 
 for mark , a single room in the more affluent north would be a more serene and restful way to spend the next three months . 
 history had taught mark that staying with jon would be anything but serene or restful . 
 still , he felt obliged to stay , as it was the tanaka family who had suggested he stay and he really owed a debt of gratitude to kenichi , who actually owned the house . 
 mark knew the house well . 
 it was the official ` house of fun ' from the early days when mark , mike and jon had first arrived in japan . 
 the house -- if you could call it that -- was small . 
 it was located in a downtown area called hachijo , not too far away from minami , the south and was just off the main shopping area of a shotengai -lrb- shopping street -rrb- . 
 hachijo station was located on top of a fairly sizeable overpass with escalators and a lift that waited patiently to take the passengers to and from the shadowy area below . 
 underneath , a road ran on either side of an island made from the giant columns that supported the train line and the freeway . 
 it had been a couple of years since mark had descended into the local shadows and he hesitated a little before he boarded the escalator . 
 baggage in hand he began the long journey down to the dark concrete island . 
 although , technically now at ground level , there was a certain subterranean feel as he alighted from the escalator . 
 without looking back , he paused a couple of meters in front of it in order to orient himself . 
 he looked left then right and reminisced as he gazed the length of the shotengai . 
 yet again he became dazzled by the hive of trading activity illuminated by coloured lights in overstocked window-displays full of cheap junk . 
 he looked ahead , noticing the tinsel-town pachinko -lrb- japanese pinball -rrb- parlor and saw a short man dressed in a casual trainer tracksuit , wearing fluffy women 's slippers . 
 yakuza , mark 's intuition warned him . 
 he turned instinctively in order to avoid making eye contact with the man . 
 others had told him , that as long as you kept your distance from the yakuza , there was no need to worry about them . 
 mark stood much taller than the man and was at least three times larger , purely by muscle weight -- and yet he was intimidated . 
 he cast his mind back to the early days and how confident his height and build had made him . 
 the passage of time and the experiences lived , however , had qualified this raw confidence and he now knew that the real power was not just with one 's individual size . 
 he had heard many stories from other gaijin -lrb- foreigners -rrb- . 
 in his early days of exploration , mark had made the traditional pilgrimages to most of the bars and clubs frequented by other expats . 
 there always seemed to be an older-looking , slightly built yakuza man in residence at any one of the so called gaijin bars , ubiquitous to the major cities in japan . 
 often drunk , a harem 's worth of attractive foreign women would swoon around the man who sported a full skin canvas of irezumi -lrb- tattoos -rrb- and the persona of charles bronson . 
 it was n't hard to strike up a conversation with other foreign men about the spectacle but the code name in english had become the ` y ' . 
 according to the grapevine , it seemed that every now and again a foreign person would go missing , the disappearance being attributable to the ` y ' . 
 word was that this only happened if you got to know one of them and got in the way . 
 if it happened , the police were predisposed to sweep it all under the carpet , particularly when it came to the disappearance of a foreigner , as it was not worth the risk of facing the yakuza for the sake of gaijin , given the possible consequences . 
 having avoided drawing any attention to himself , mark stared at the three-storey macdonald 's to the right of the pachinko parlor . 
 the memories of a thousand late breakfasts leapt into his conscious thoughts . 
 he contemplated a quick teriyaki burger for old time 's sake but he decided against it , as he was keen to see the old house and to reacquaint himself with jon . 
 the house was to the right , and it was necessary to cross traffic , over the concrete island and over to the other side . 
 there was a break in the traffic so ; rather than wait for the green ` walk ' signal with the accompanying morbid minor-key walk-melody , he decided to scoot across without the wait . 
 passing a koban -lrb- police box -rrb- located on the island , he noticed a policeman sitting at a desk . 
 he gave a fleeting glance then continued on to the other side . 
 mark 's emotions were conflicted as he entered the familiar shotengai . 
 he was happy to remember his humble beginnings in this wonderful country but felt confronted by the realization that he had grown considerably since he had lived in this area . 
 he walked on , passing the sanwa bank , the store that sold kimonos , the tofu maker and yasai ya -- -- the vegetable store where he first purchased his now favorite japanese cabbage , hakusai . 
 he passed the izakaya , mark 's favorite japanese pub of old . 
 it was located opposite a side road a little to the left and mark remembered that he should turn here . 
 hastening his pace , a quick right turn at the all-too-familiar jidouhanbaiki -lrb- vending machine -rrb- and he was on the home stretch . 
 memories of the many cans of asahi super dry beer purchased at the eleventh hour at this very machine came flooding back and he quickened his pace , subconsciously trying to run away from his past . 
 the street was far narrower and darker than he had remembered . 
 the two-storey houses did not seem at all to be of a livable size and the electric wiring was perched precariously atop the second-storey balconies , twisted together like strands of liquorice . 
 it contrasted with the crisp cleanliness of the futons hanging on second-storey clothes-lines . 
 together , they stole away the purifying rays of sun at the expense of the lower street area , forcing the inhabitants to live in shadow . 
 he paused at the entrance , a powder-coated brown aluminum sliding door with frosted panes of glass . 
 there was a doorbell with an intercom but he presumed that , after six years , it still did n't work . 
 he collected his thoughts for a moment then knocked and waited . 
 after a short pause that seemed to mark like an hour , he heard footsteps coming down the hall . 
 the door slid open and an attractive woman in her mid-twenties , with a fashionable , short , red , elfin hairstyle appeared wearing tight black pants with a half-top that revealed a perfectly shaped stomach . 
 mark did n't know her and was quite taken back by her enticing appearance . 
 he stuttered a little as he tried to explain why he was here . 
 `` um ... j ... j ... jon . '' 
 the woman filled in the gap . 
 `` why did n't you use the doorbell , silly ? 
 are you looking for jon ? '' 
 she asked in an english accent . 
 mark gave his head an imaginary shake from side to side in order to reboot his brain and focus back on the topic and away from her belly button . 
 recovering quickly , he enquired about jon 's whereabouts . 
 `` hi , i 'm mark , an old friend of jon 's and i was wondering if he was at home ? '' 
 `` oh you must be that mark , '' she replied warmly . 
 `` i 've heard so much about you . 
 jon says you might be staying for a few months . 
 come in ... come in , '' she insisted . 
 `` i 'm kimberly . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , '' replied mark . 
 his mind privately sidetracked as he recalled the countless japanese language students that he had taught this exact adjacency pair to over the years in which he had taught the function of introductions , as an english language teacher . 
 `` jon 's not home yet but he just called me to say he was about fifteen minutes away . 
 he 's on his bicycle , silly git , '' she added with a cheeky smile . 
 mark accepted her warm proposal with just a little more than a spring in his step and followed kimberly into the house . 
 he took off his shoes in the genkan area , like any other long-term resident of this country would , and proceeded on to the kitchen area on the right . 
 the hallway was particularly narrow and dark , allowing enough space for a body and one raised elbow , without space to swing a cat . 
 mark remembered that the shower was at the end of the hallway to the left and the laundry area to the right . 
 the entrance to jon 's room , between the two , no more than about six quick paces from the genkan . 
 he followed her in to the kitchen area without talking and noticed furniture that had not been there when had lived here . 
 there was a flat-screen tv on the bench space that separated the kitchen area from the lounge area , with some speakers on the floor and a konro -lrb- portable gas cooker -rrb- placed on a glass-topped coffee table in front of the sofa sitting flush against the back wall . 
 a phone was on the wall , surrounded by a thousand numbers , hand-written directly on the wall in different ink colors . 
 forcing the conversation a little , mark enquired about kimberly . 
 `` so you live here with jon then ? '' 
 he asked rhetorically . 
 `` ya , '' she replied a little elusively , immediately looking to the side , away from mark 's gaze . 
 mark could n't help but notice the paucity of her responses and her body language , suspecting secret relationship issues between her and jon . 
 `` working as an english teacher ? '' 
 he pushed . 
 `` not exactly , i help out in the office at a private school and do a few ` privates ' myself ... you know . '' 
 the conversation moved to perfunctory so mark , losing interest , politely suggested that he sit down and wait for jon . 
 kimberly was more than happy to accommodate . 
 she motioned to the more than adequate supply of dvds strewn across the shelf under the glass coffee table . 
 making her apologies , she told mark he was welcome to wait but she was already a little late for work and needed to get going . 
 he made no objection but thought it a little irresponsible that she would leave a virtual stranger alone in the house , wondering if she might just be keen to leave in a hurry for other reasons . 
 the front door rattled and mark recognized the familiar sound of the aluminum door sliding along the track coming to an abrupt halt as it crashed in to the end stop . 
 `` taidaima , i 'm home , '' chimed in jon . 
 mark looked at kimberly , their eyes meeting just in time for mark to notice a hint of joy in her expression . 
 without speaking , mark stood up , following kimberly out of the kitchen door , and back in to the hall way . 
 `` hello young man , '' said jon jokingly , as he ritualistically attempted to prise his shoes off , toe to heel with much effort , no dexterity and minimal success . 
 without further elaboration of the standard salutation , he quickly switched his attention to kimberly nodding his head and making eye contact with her to signal the transition . 
 giving up on prising his shoe off the traditional way , jon switched to leaning with one hand on the wall , while he raised his foot and began yanking the shoe off with the other . 
 `` how did you go with the rent ? '' 
 she asked jon . 
 `` well it was difficult but what can i do ? 
 i mean ... we had the money , i handed the envelope to them , so if they ca n't remember getting all the fucking money what can i do ? 
 i 'm not paying any extra . '' 
 `` so we do n't owe them anything ? '' 
 `` well ... they did n't actually say that , but that 's the way it looks . '' 
 turning his attention to mark after successfully taking his shoes off and stepping up from the genkan to the hallway , jon explained what was going on . 
 `` the tanaka 's ... they think i 've ripped them off ... fuckers . '' 
 mark thought this to be pretty typical of jon . 
 mark had been the controller of the house and the reliable one when he had lived here . 
 he kept it to himself but filed the thought not too far back in his memory . 
 `` ya , '' added kimberly . 
 `` we all know that we gave the money to jon and we saw him put it in the envelope . 
 they 've lost it if they think we could rip them off ... fucking hell ... i mean ... what do they think ? '' 
 kimberly 's phone rudely demanded her attention . 
 an old-style telephone bell ring tone was surprisingly low-key , considering what was available these days in japan as far as keitai denwa technology went . 
 she answered in english and immediately slunk away , climbing the narrow stairway leading off from the side of the hall way to one of the bedrooms on the second floor . 
 jon nodded towards the kitchen , virtually pushing mark through the door as he made a beeline for his collection of pirated dvds . 
 it had been a while but jon just continued on as if no time had elapsed since mark had lived here . 
 swept up by the momentum , mark followed the mood and just sat down on the sofa in front of the tv -- -- just the way they used to . 
 `` what have you got ? 
 `` he asked . 
 `` how about this one ? 
 lock , stock and two smoking barrels . 
 it 's a corker , '' he noted , holding up the disk . 
 `` put it on , '' demanded mike . 
 while jon was powering up everything in his construction of recycled audio-visual devices , he continued with small talk . 
 `` so , how have you been , then ? '' 
 there was no need to re-explain the return-to-australia story , as they had been through this over the phone when mark had organized to stay at the house . 
 without much more to add to this , mark turned it back on jon , asking him how things were . 
 `` not bad , how about you ? '' 
 `` well , i 'd have to say , a little complicated , '' began jon . 
 `` you mean with alison ? '' 
 asked mark . 
 `` yeah ... it 's probably nothing but ... well ... i called her on monday night and when she answered the phone she was breathing heavily . '' 
 `` so what ? 
 did you think she 'd just had sex or something ? '' 
 `` well , yes ... i ... i ... it was the way she was breathing . 
 i asked her and she said she 'd just run up some stairs to get to the phone ... but she said it so quickly and she did n't question me ... it was just strange , i thought . '' 
 mark had met alison about a year ago and was pretty sure that she was n't the type to cheat . 
 she was a model from mexico and came to japan to strut her stuff . 
 she had met jon in a nightclub . 
 unfortunately , the modeling had n't worked out that well because her skin was a little blemished with freckles . 
 it was cute and did n't affect her employment prospects in any other country , other than the country in which jon , most wished she could stay . 
 `` so , does she still do that stuff for greenseas ? '' 
 asked mark . 
 `` yeah , she 's posted a shed-load of info on her blog and has a couple of links to some you tube rants about the dolphin thing in taiji . '' 
 `` wow , she sure was pissed that she could n't get much work here , '' suggested mike . 
 `` that 's not it at all , '' responded jon defensively . 
 `` oh , come on ! 
 you ca n't buy that sort of politically correct publicity . 
 tell me that 's not why she 's getting all that work in sydney right now . '' 
 `` nothing to do with it , '' said jon , defending alison 's honor . 
 `` still the same old jon , never letting a beautiful girl with an altruistic and plausible motive get in the way of the truth , '' taunted mark . 
 `` what truth ? '' 
 questioned jon angrily . 
 `` that no one in this country really gives a fuck about eating moby dick and his friend flipper , except those fucking nationalists . '' 
 jon fell silent and mark got the feeling that he might have overstepped the mark a little . 
 `` so , you 're really worried about her , are you ? 
 is it still on ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' said jon with a hint of sadness about him . 
 `` we keep in touch , but recently her emails and texts are a bit cold ... nothing in them ... just , i did this and i did that ... nothing close or ... you know ... personal . '' 
 `` ah , we 're up , '' he interrupted , as , lock , stock and two smoking barrels finished loading . 
 they had been watching the movie a while and were at the part where the gangsters smash in on the dealers to take the money , when the real kitchen door swung open and in walked kimberly . 
 without asking , jon paused the dvd and looked at her . 
 paranoia `` yeah , it was marley , '' she answered without being asked . 
 jon sprang to attention . 
 `` how was she ? '' 
 `` so fucking paranoid . 
 i spent the whole time calming her down . '' 
 `` what ... what ... what ? '' 
 jon could n't quite form a sentence but kimberly knew what he wanted to know . 
 `` she was after peter and michelle . 
 she said she 'd give them up to the police if anything more happened . 
 i just talked and talked to get her off our backs . '' 
 `` what do you mean ... does she want to take us down ? '' 
 asked jon , a quiver in his voice revealing his fear . 
 mark 's ears pricked up . 
 both kimberly and jon stared at him , trying to gauge his reaction , while they continued their conversation . 
 `` yeah kind of ... but just leave it ... i talked her down ... she 's fine for now but she 's getting worse . '' 
 mark just could n't stay silent any longer . 
 `` talk to me folks , '' he ordered . 
 jon and kimberly stared at each other for a moment until jon took the lead . 
 `` look mark , it 's a long story but if you 're going to stay here you need to know . '' 
 kimberly sat down next to mark on the left , legs angled towards mark 's direction while jon turned a little , legs angled towards mark from the right . 
 boxed in , mark knew he was in for something . 
 jon proudly boasted that he would go out on friday night and finish up on sunday evening , crashing before work the next day , having not slept the entire weekend . 
 he also said , matter-of -- factly , that in order to say awake , he was living on speed but insisted that he could handle it . 
 kimberly pretty much matched jon 's version of things action for action . 
 they bounced off each other , telling stories and filling in each other 's conversational gaps . 
 `` ok then , '' interrupted mark . 
 `` so you 've been busy destroying brain cells and avoiding sleep . 
 you know me , too old and too used to eight hours a night sleep . 
 so how is this going to be a problem ? '' 
 `` ah ... that 's just the thing , '' began jon . 
 `` it 's not us . '' 
 kimberly nodded then looked to jon for reassurance . 
 `` not you ? '' 
 echoed mark . 
 `` where does it go from here ? '' 
 `` well , '' continued jon . 
 `` about a year ago , we met marley and josh . 
 they used to go clubbing a lot and we just got to know them as part of a circle of friends that we used to meet there every weekend . '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' interrupted kimberly . 
 `` we used to get most of our ` e 's ' from them ... and our friends too . '' 
 `` they used to supply all of us and it started to get bigger and bigger , '' continued jon . 
 mark was beginning to get the picture . 
 marley and josh had started off pretty small , just getting ` e 's ' for friends from some local supplier . 
 but as things ballooned , they started making mystery trips to tokyo to ensure that supply magically kept pace with demand . 
 jon and kimberly explained that the two had started to wield a little power and influence , first within the group of friends at the nightclub and then to a much wider group of foreigners as they started supplying to a wider group . 
 at the same time , older men with tattoos accompanied by younger chimpira -lrb- young punks -rrb- were seen at the club in the company of both marley and josh . 
 `` so who were marley and josh ? '' 
 asked mark . 
 ` what did they do other than ... you know ? '' 
 `` they were just a couple of english language school teachers from a small school in senri chuo , '' explained kimberly . '' 
 `` nothing special really , '' added jon . 
 mark started to become a little annoyed with the turn that things had taken but he pressed on . 
 `` ok then , i get it so far . 
 we 've got a couple of english language teachers ... they sell drugs ... you buy them and they get to know the ` y ' . 
 i 'm almost scared to ask , but how bad does it get from here ? '' 
 jon and kimberly started to shuffle a bit and again stared into each other 's eyes as jon continued to explain . 
 `` well , it got really bad a couple of days ago , '' continued jon . 
 mark raised his eyebrows expressing alarm as he hung on to jon 's every word . 
 jon explained that marley and josh had started to burn the candle at both ends , both supplying and using and working during the day ; they had started to use a lot of speed just to keep up . 
 kimberly explained that what had started off as a once-in-a-while thing had turned into a couple-of-times-a-day habit and that this had affected marley and josh 's personalities . 
 they had started fudging time sheets and stealing things like ipod docks , small pieces of furniture , milk from the fridge -- -- anything they could lay their hands on at the english language company in senri chuo where they worked , in full view of other staff and without remorse . 
 it turned out that no-one wanted to say anything because they had become powerful with their ` y ' connections and most of the staff had bought at least something from the two over the past couple of years . 
 mark was engrossed in the story , keen to see how it ended yet at the same time was becoming aware of a rising tide of panic festering in his stomach . 
 he kept a straight face , continuing to nod , punctuating jon 's narrative with occasional grunts of acknowledgement . 
 as he listened , he questioned the wisdom that had led to his decision to spend the next three months here and he was already starting to bargain with himself , looking for a way out . 
 `` ok then , '' said mark with an audible quiver in his voice . 
 `` how is this connected to the phone call you just took , kimberly ? '' 
 `` she 's gone all loopy ... paranoid . '' 
 `` who ... who 's gone loopy ? '' 
 demanded mark . 
 `` marley ... she 's paranoid ... thinks we 're all trying to put her away with josh . '' 
 `` put her away with josh ? 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` the police have his keitai , '' interrupted jon . 
 `` they 've got all his friend 's numbers . '' 
 the three fell silent , and mark 's gaze alternated between jon and kimberly . 
 mark did n't need to ask the question . 
 adrenaline surged through his veins as kimberly answered . 
 `` we do n't know if they have our numbers or if josh managed to delete them . '' 
 keitai friends work was boring that day . 
 the temperature was a constant 25 0c outside and a constant 25 0c inside . 
 staring out the window of the 18th floor from his teaching cubicle on the 18th floor , he could see that there was n't a cloud in the sky . 
 the air was crisp and he could see clearly to the horizon . 
 he became lost in the detail of the vast metropolis that rolled out in front of him . 
 high-rise apartments , freeway overpasses and advertising billboards as far as the eye could see . 
 it was only a morning shift today and a couple of students had cancelled their lessons , giving him some free time . 
 mrs hashimoto , the doctor 's wife , had already been in for her dose of repetitive low-level , low-function english conversational practice and yamamoto san , the alcoholic business man , had finished his usual 40-minute session of random language generation , booking several more lessons on the way out . 
 the cancellations meant that he could finish up early if he wanted to and on a day like today it was the only option expected of him . 
 as he left the back part of the floor space inhabited by culturally iconic young men and women from america , england and oceania , he brushed past a couple of middle-aged japanese women who giggled like little girls then shied away with embarrassment , eyes to the ground . 
 he smiled at them as he continued on . 
 it was a routine that had started to become tedious because it reminded him that this was all just a set up to cater for a demand for cultural showpieces able to speak english and nothing to do with learning . 
 it was easy -- a gravy train -- but lately , he was just finding it difficult to keep the faith , relying on his developing social life and widening circle of friends to keep him positive . 
 josh stuffed a jar of coffee he had taken from the staff room supply into his back pack , clocked out just after 2:00 pm , took the elevator to the first floor , walked out into the front foyer and headed out of the automatic glass sliding doors into the rest of the day . 
 life had been confusing recently and was in a stage of transition and re-evaluation . 
 he had begun life in japan as a starry-eyed , naive english language teacher but was now beginning to uncover a world that he did n't know could even exist . 
 he had more friends now than before in australia , had each and every one of their numbers in his contact file on his keitai -lrb- mobile phone -rrb- and had a thriving business that was starting to eclipse his salary as a teacher . 
 although still young , he needed to pause on a small stairway to take a breath and shake off the tiredness that was starting to overtake him . 
 the stairs led to a large shopping square that lay in the shadow between three large multi-storey buildings . 
 across the paved area in front of him and over to the left in a small alcove , josh could see the toilet that had become a familiar stop-off for him on the way to the local underground train station . 
 he walked over , quickly glancing behind as he walked in the toilet , choosing the western toilet cubicle . 
 he shut the door behind him , put down the seat and without undoing his trousers , sat down , placing the backpack that he was carrying down on the floor in front of his knees . 
 he unzipped the backpack and foraged around until he found the little zip-lock bag containing the tiny crystals and the straw he had saved from his last visit to wendy 's to buy a vanilla shake . 
 a quick but short burst of vacuum strength suction put things back into a new perspective . 
 recharged , josh sat for a while , pondering nothing more than the thought that it was pretty cool to just to sit and ponder . 
 after an inconsequential period of time , he packed up , zipped up and left the cubicle with an entirely new take on what was , after all , a perfectly ordinary setting on a perfectly ordinary day . 
 soon josh was on his way to the station . 
 with a little more energy and determination than he had before , he rode down the escalators towards the osaka-bound entrance for the midosuji line . 
 passing his favorite electronics store , he resisted the urge to go in and browse the latest in technology , but was sidetracked as he arrived at the entrance to kinokuniya bookstore . 
 he wanted a copy of the kansai break out to read on the train as he headed to tenoji where he was to meet a former student , prepared to purchase the little tablets he had in the other zip-lock bag in the pocket of his back pack . 
 his mood was relaxed . 
 he had conducted similar business transactions on many previous occasions and had become an old hand at it . 
 his clients were the nervous ones -- he was cool and collected . 
 without much thought , he slunk through the entrance of the bookstore and made a direct line towards the english language section . 
 it had moved and was now tucked away in a far corner , no longer close to the exit that led immediately to the main meeting area at hankyu station . 
 he remembered some friends telling him that they thought the section had been moved as a lot of foreigners were stealing magazines and books and just walking them out the door . 
 `` typical , blame the foreigners , '' he thought bitterly . 
 `` an interesting theory , '' but he was sure it was young japanese students on limited budgets needing texts to study . 
 ten years as a cultural showpiece in this country was taking its toll on his perspective and he started to revisit a latent sense of injustice accumulated over time . 
 josh 's mind started to question everything that had happened in his life recently , then moved to dwell on other bitter feelings . 
 his mood darkened somewhat as he recalled countless conversations ; police arresting foreigners on bicycles without reasonable cause , presuming the bikes to be stolen ; english language teachers being ripped off by unscrupulous employers , only to be summarily sacked on a word of complaint to unions ; foreign bodies turning up dead in apartments and no investigations being launched . 
 `` what would the police do if he were caught supplying ? 
 yeah , i go to jail and the japanese guy walks . 
 bloody japanese , '' he muttered under his breath through clenched teeth . 
 he had been so absorbed in his own bitter thoughts that he had n't noticed his arrival at the english language section . 
 having been to the store so many times , he was pretty much on autopilot . 
 he snapped back to reality , noticing how close he was to the main sales counter . 
 there were three people at the counter being served and two in front of him . 
 he entered the appropriate roped-off opening labeled in english , ` enter ' . 
 the first person being served finished and the line continued on to be replaced by the next in line and then the next . 
 the magazine he wanted was on the right hand edge of the counter , stacked one on top of the other near the line 's exit . 
 the saleswoman at this position finished off counting the change for her customer who promptly thanked her with a respectful bow and a fictional smile then departed to her right . 
 next in line , josh made eye contact with the sales woman , who made a polite gesture to indicate that he should wait . 
 she then walked quickly to the back the counter and out the back exit , turned right and disappeared . 
 on any other day , he would n't have thought anything of this . 
 it was usual behavior for sales staff in a busy store in japan . 
 however , for whatever reason , josh decided it was insulting to have been kept waiting . 
 so he went to the counter , picked up the magazine he wanted and started flicking through in an agitated manner -- the noise attracting a modest amount of attention . 
 the saleswoman had n't returned after what seemed to be an unacceptable amount of time . 
 in reality it was no more than about a minute and half . 
 in his agitated state , he began to feel he needed to make a stand against what he was beginning to perceive as discrimination against foreigners . 
 `` who do they think they are ? 
 if i was japanese they would n't make me wait ! '' 
 he looked around at other customers , lined up behind him . 
 he was sure that they were laughing at him although they were n't looking at him . 
 no one was making eye contact but he felt he just knew what they were all thinking . 
 he could tell they hated him , just because he was foreign . 
 a racist diatribe began swirling and expanding in his mind . 
 he had n't noticed that he had begun to flick the magazine pages with a force that was nearly tearing the pages . 
 thoughts kept darting through his head -- bitter , angry and resentful thoughts . 
 frustration accumulated , begging him to act ; to make a stand ; to show these people how they had made him feel over the years . 
 josh 's mood snapped viciously and without warning . 
 he broke away from the counter , still holding the magazine . 
 without thinking , he slipped the magazine into the inside pocket of his black leather jacket , continuing on , at pace , through the maze of aisles , bookshelves and people , towards the exit . 
 steaming with anger and wearing a serial-killer expression , he dodged and weaved through the last crowded walkway . 
 a joyous sense of triumph grew in his mind as he approached the exit leading to the hankyu station meeting area , where there would be a crowd of hundreds . 
 he could blend in with all the other foreigners , escaping with the magazine and satisfying his sense of justice . 
 his pace slowed as he crossed the boundary between the store and the exit . 
 a sense of anticlimax took hold as he realized that no one had noticed nor cared . 
 he walked out into the crowd and felt insignificant , his mood slipping down through a series of gears almost to a state of depression . 
 no longer angry , he paused at a vending machine , staring at the cans -- but really staring at nothing . 
 he fished around in his right-hand pocket for some change and yanked out a handful , choosing a 100 and a 10-yen coin . 
 feeding in the coins , he waited until a red lamp flashed and he pressed it , releasing a small brown bottle of dekavita -- an energy drink . 
 he hoped it would snap him out of the depressive mood that had taken him over . 
 the thud as the drink hit the dispensing tray triggered a sense of the familiar , shifting his mood closer to equilibrium . 
 he picked up the bottle , snapped the aluminum twist top and sculled a good third of the refreshing drink . 
 still facing the vending machine , wiping his mouth on his sleeve , he turned slowly to face the crowd . 
 out of the corner of his eye he saw them coming in his direction and knew instantly that his number was up . 
 there was no place to run in the underground world of the largest train station in osaka . 
 umeda station was monitored by hundreds of cameras and he stood out as a foreigner in a homogenously asian city . 
 defiantly , he put the bottle to his lips as the first officer grabbed his left arm , forcing him backwards into the vending machine . 
 his head hit the glass panel as he dropped the bottle , spilling the contents over his jeans . 
 the crowded train station did n't miss a beat as uninterested passers-by continued on hurriedly to their destinations , unfazed by the heavy-handed arrest of a foreigner , intent on minding their own business . 
 restrained by two large and non-communicative enforcers , he waited as a short , stocky policeman walked up and stared at him . 
 the policeman 's mouth was moving to form words , yet he was not uttering a sound -- he was practicing . 
 it was surreal as josh began to interpret the words . 
 `` what is you name ? '' 
 the policeman mimed . 
 silently , josh corrected the policeman 's english . 
 `` what is your name ? 
 your name , '' his inner voice repeated angrily . 
 `` josh , '' he answered out loud , leaving the moment hanging . 
 the policeman , not sure of what was happening linguistically , took time to organize the next utterance . 
 `` magazine , do you have magazine ? '' 
 the policeman blurted in a heavily accented , abrupt voice . 
 josh was dazed now . 
 publicly humiliated , roughed up and unrepresented , he just could n't process his situation coherently . 
 `` magazine , what bloody magazine ? '' 
 he replied , shaking his head in defiance . 
 the policeman did not respond immediately but made eye contact in succession with the policeman on the left and the policeman on the right . 
 still restrained , josh leaned as far forward as he was able . 
 craning his neck , he moved his head as close to the policeman 's face as possible and one syllable at a time shouted . 
 `` no - fu - cking - ma - ga -- zine . '' 
 the policeman , expressionless and without moving his head , made eye contact with the other officers one more time , only this time with a more assertive and authoritative glare . 
 the policeman on josh 's right strengthened his grip , the one on the left taking a step forward , ripping josh 's jacket open , shoving his hand in the inside pocket . 
 he withdrew the magazine from josh 's jacket as if withdrawing a katana -lrb- sword -rrb- from its saya -lrb- casing -rrb- . 
 dangling the magazine in front of josh 's face , he swung it from side to side to taunt him . 
 `` resheeto wa ? '' 
 -lrb- where is the receipt ? -rrb- 
 asked the policeman in japanese with a rising and playful inflection in his voice . 
 josh said nothing . 
 full of contempt , he adopted a neutral facial expression and avoided eye contact . 
 the police , sensing his declaration of non-cooperation , pushed him forward in the direction of a waiting police van , parked on the verge just outside the hankyu station . 
 in what seemed like a blur of images and sensations taking place in the space of several seconds , he was in the main holding cell at sonezaki police station at umeda . 
 the cell door slammed shut , the sound of the electronic lock snapping in to place echoing through his head . 
 the cell was painted white , was well lit and fitted with stainless steel benches on either side . 
 he shuffled over to the right-hand side bench and collapsed into a sitting position . 
 leaning down , face in his hands , he groaned in a low voice , then fell silent . 
 he remained like this for some time , listening to the muffled sounds of the traffic outside , the trains exiting and entering the subway system , people talking in japanese , all of it unintelligible to him . 
 finally , josh sat up , more relaxed but feeling the weight of his backpack . 
 in a flash he remembered : the drugs ! 
 ` the drugs ' . 
 panicking , he looked from side to side quickly , realizing that there was no one in sight or within earshot . 
 he wriggled as he took off the uncomfortable encumbrance , placing it on the floor in front of him . 
 `` fuck , '' he cursed out loud . 
 `` what to do ? '' 
 he thought . 
 his mind quickly ran through a thousand scenarios in a split second , whirring through the possibilities and the penalties . 
 he began to realize that in a closed holding cell , there were very few options available to him . 
 he had to get rid of the drugs . 
 he looked around the cell , there was no toilet , there were no holes in the concrete floor and only a tiny little porthole window . 
 swallowing the drugs would kill him . 
 stamping them into powder would just make a trail of pink powder on the floor . 
 he sat , slowly deflating ; his only solace was the thought that at least they were n't on to him . 
 he slowly realized how likely it was that he would soon be found out . 
 his only option was to shove the stuff down his pants or into an orifice on his body but the bag ... the pills ... sharp corners ... it all began to seem a bit impractical . 
 he noticed a concealed security camera in the opposite corner of the cell and was thankful that he had not acted on any of his hasty and ill-conceived ideas , realizing that the police had been watching him the whole time . 
 josh sat for a moment and tried to work out what to say so that the police would n't go near the bag . 
 before a plan had emerged , the lock on the door recoiled with a loud echoing flick of metal on metal . 
 a short , slight , and nervous policeman opened the door and walked in . 
 there was a meaningless exchange of glances between them before the policeman stood in front of josh who was sitting , his bag at his feet . 
 he looked over the shoulder of the policeman at the camera , concerned that the police would pick up on his nervous body language if he made any further eye contact with the policeman in the cell . 
 there was an awkward silence until the policeman asked in controlled and heavily accented english , `` why did you steal a magazine ? '' 
 without thinking and grasping at straws , josh surprised himself by responding in the emotion-laden , helpless voice of a victim . 
 `` i thought it was free , '' he pleaded . 
 `` no , no free , '' replied the policeman , patronizingly adopting the persona of an anime superhero , reaffirming the position any truly law-abiding citizen should take . 
 `` i made a `` mistake , '' josh declared , `` i can pay . '' 
 `` you have money ? '' 
 asked the policeman . 
 `` yes , yes , i can pay , '' josh reiterated . 
 the gravity of his situation lifted as a way out of his situation came within reach . 
 his eyebrows shifted horizontally as his expression changed to one of composure . 
 `` why did you steal magazine , you have money ? '' 
 continued the policeman . 
 shattered by the policeman 's logic , josh sat silent and expressionless . 
 the gig was up . 
 he had the money , had just stated that he knew he had the money and he had n't used it to pay for the magazine . 
 `` burden of proof discharged , '' he thought to himself . 
 he did n't answer the policeman , choosing to look randomly around the room while nervously rubbing his chin . 
 his gaze rested on his bag in front of him until , in a flash of awareness , he realized he was drawing attention to it . 
 he quickly jerked his gaze up to the ceiling , then fleetingly at the policeman . 
 josh realized the policeman had detected a change in body language and was now looking at the bag on the ground . 
 josh stopped gazing randomly , focusing on the far corner of the cell , not realizing that he had further confirmed the policeman 's suspicions that there was something in the bag . 
 without a word , the policeman walked out of the cell . 
 josh could hear him barking out what seemed to be orders to others , judging by the volume and curt nature of the words . 
 he could understand that several other officers were responding . 
 hai , wakarimashita -lrb- yes , i understand -rrb- reverberated in his ears like alarm bells , signaling imminent action that he quickly reasoned would involve the bag and then the drugs . 
 terror raced through his body ; his life ; his dreams ; his job ; his friends . 
 he remembered that all his friend 's numbers were stored on his keitai . 
 instinctively he pulled his phone out and opened the address book . 
 in a frantic yet concentrated effort , he selected delete and confirmed the action as fast as he could , one by one down the list . 
 he became unaware of the call to arms developing in a conference room outside his cell as tears began to well in his eyes . 
 he began to feel a sense of loss for each number deleted as if he was deleting a part of his life . 
 he then felt despair as the phone was yanked out of his hands by a young policeman and his backpack was picked up by another . 
 josh had no idea how many of his friend 's numbers he had deleted and how many he had n't as the cell walls seemed to move closer and the ceiling became lower . 
 tears began to flow freely and anxiety pooled in his lower stomach as he realized that this day had been and was now ended -- spent -- never to be revisited or changed . 
 unable to look and too petrified to express emotion , his mind screamed insanely as he heard the excruciating sound of the zipper of his backpack being ripped open . 
 muzukashii `` look mark , it 's not as bad as you think , '' jon said reassuringly . 
 all of mark 's instincts were telling him to flee the house . 
 jon 's reassurances meant nothing to him . 
 although he had not really spent any time with mark since he had moved out of here five years ago , he knew jon . 
 it 's why he decided to move out in the first place . 
 jon was stuck in a time warp . 
 he still taught english in a junior high school as an assistant language teacher . 
 translated , this meant that he turned up late , left early and had lots of holidays -- all for a comfortable salary and no responsibility . 
 he had n't grown . 
 mark knew he could n't rely on jon to make a responsible decision . 
 `` look jon , this is all a bit heavy for me , you know . 
 i 've got this new business going and any police involvement ... my investors ... you know ... any hint of impropriety and they would just pull out . '' 
 `` we do n't even know if the police have anything yet , '' said kimberly . 
 `` what 's with this marley , then ? '' 
 questioned mark . '' 
 `` well , '' said jon . 
 `` ok then ... good point , she is still eating speed for breakfast , so we do n't know how paranoid she is going to get . '' 
 `` or what she 's going to do , '' added kimberly . 
 `` you should 've told me , '' complained mark . 
 `` kenichi , '' does he know ? '' 
 `` not likely , '' replied kimberly . 
 `` good , '' said mark . 
 `` i 'm sure he does n't deserve any of this -- the police on his doorstep and drugs in his house . '' 
 jon and kimberly fell silent again . 
 they were looking at each other , exchanging cheeky grins . 
 it was as if they were children being scolded by a parent , unrepentant and unable to argue back . 
 mark noticed the exchange and stopped mid-sentence ; realizing that nothing he could say was going to change the way these two saw the situation . 
 `` look , the best thing to do ... look ... on second thoughts , is kenichi still at the tanaka 's ? '' 
 `` yes , but you 're not going to tell , are you ? '' 
 implored jon like a pleading child . 
 `` no , no ... i just need a little space to think , that 's all . '' 
 jon sensed that there might be a little bit more to it than just ` space to think ' . 
 his mind raced as he tried to come up with a way to keep mark away from kenichi . 
 `` oh yes , by the way , i 've been in touch with mike today . '' 
 `` hey , mike ... yeah how 's mike ? '' 
 asked mark . 
 `` he 's fine . 
 he called a little earlier on and we 've arranged to meet at the cantaloupe for happy hour . '' 
 the doorbell rang and kimberly raced off to answer it . 
 `` takyubin -lrb- delivery service -rrb- mark , your suitcases have arrived , '' yelled kimberly from the doorstop . 
 `` come and sign , mark , '' she continued in a singsong voice . 
 both mark and jon walked out of the living area towards the genkan and once in sight , kimberly reminded them both that she had been on her way to work when mark had arrived . 
 `` i 'm off then , '' she yelled as she waved goodbye . 
 `` see you after , mark . '' 
 and without time to hear a reply , she was gone . 
 taking his cue , mark signed for his luggage , hauled it over the genkan area and placed in just next to the stairs in one movement . 
 still in the genkan area , he started wiggling his feet into his shoes . 
 `` look jon , the cantaloupe sounds great . 
 can i leave my luggage here while i drop in on kenichi ? 
 i 'll ask him along to happy hour if you like and we 'll all meet up at six ? '' 
 `` sounds like a plan then , '' replied jon reluctantly , as mark slipped out of the front door and headed off to the tanaka 's three-storey house about 600 meters down a road , that ran perpendicular to the shotengai . 
 it was good to get out of those oppressive shadows , thought mark as the shadow of the long roof of the shotengai gave way to the less oppressive diffusion of light from the grey clouds . 
 the grey of the clouds did nothing to differentiate the concrete structures from the sky , but the road did seem to open up and widen . 
 a sense of freedom and safety began to overcome mark the closer he got to the tanaka 's . 
 he rang the doorbell at the concrete brick entrance and waited out on the street . 
 a high-pitched , older female voice crackled through the intercom . 
 `` hai , dochira sama desu ka ? '' 
 -lrb- yes , who is it ? -rrb- 
 `` long time , no see , this is mark from canada , '' replied mark in japanese . 
 `` oh , mark , long time , no see . 
 just a moment please . '' 
 he heard the thumping of footsteps on wood descending a stairway as he anticipated being greeted by okaasan , tanaka san 's mother . 
 the door opened slowly revealing a short woman dressed in slacks and a tartan top . 
 she sported a sort of middle-aged woman 's grey afro and bowed politely many times before asking how mark had been . 
 `` genki desu , '' -lrb- i 've been well -rrb- replied mark reassuringly before being invited in . 
 mark prised his shoes off with skill and ease at the genkan then walked up on to the main floor , turning backwards skillfully and leaving his shoes pointing neatly towards the door as he stepped up . 
 it had been years since mark had been here but he immediately walked to the left and up the stairs to the second floor . 
 okaasan followed him up after rearranging his shoes in the genkan area . 
 standing in the kitchen area was kenichi . 
 they both smiled . 
 mark thought about giving him a huge hug but resisted his barbarian urge , smiling instead while bowing respectfully . 
 kenichi did the same . 
 kenji motioned to a room adjoining the kitchen with a balcony and a view out on to the street . 
 the floor was covered with tatami mats and there was a big long table set low in the middle of it surrounded with cushions . 
 mark sat on the side with his back to the balcony and kenichi sat opposite mark . 
 although mark was fluent , they rarely spoke in japanese , preferring english . 
 `` you are surprise me mark , i expect you next monday . '' 
 `` yeah , i just dropped in to see jon and decided to come on over . 
 are you ok ? '' 
 `` yes , yes ... ok , ok , '' replied kenichi , nodding and smiling reassuringly . 
 okaasan walked in with a tray and some warm mugichya . 
 -lrb- barley tea -rrb- both kenichi and mark were silent as they sat respectfully allowing okaasan to ritualistically pour them tea . 
 as their cups filled , they each in turn gave a respectful bow . 
 although a far cry from an authentic tea ceremony , she nevertheless reversed and kneeled as she exited . 
 placing the empty tray to the side of the open shoji , -lrb- japanese sliding door -rrb- she closed it in front of her while gently bowing , allowing the two privacy . 
 the sound of wood on wood as the door closed produced a sharp clap as mark began to speak . 
 mark went over the business strategy that kenichi had come up with to start up an online service to supply japanese food to consumers in australia . 
 kenichi was the rich son of a grocery chain mogul in osaka . 
 recently , however , the ebisu shokuhin chain was experiencing a slump in sales and was desperate to increase revenue . 
 kenichi was put in charge of the online marketing project and mark was the cultural in-between . 
 the plan was simple . 
 start slow , with an internet advertising assault in conjunction with a social networking blitz , and then move to more traditional marketing media as things picked up . 
 they were planning on starting with a range of dried ingredients and some cooking implements , moving to the full range of products as the idea took hold . 
 public image was number one and mark was to be ` the face ' in australia . 
 `` so ... sydney was good ? '' 
 asked kenji . 
 `` well , '' began mark . 
 `` there 's a big market for this stuff down under . 
 i spoke with some government people and they gave me a good lead in to some advertising and some local online sellers that we could work with . 
 i was lucky enough to land an appearance on the morning sun . '' 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 queried kenichi . 
 `` you know , that free-to air tv show out of sydney ? '' 
 `` what do they ask ? '' 
 mark 's mind reeled back to the previous wednesday morning . 
 his australian friend shannon worked in publicity for channel 12 . 
 they had a history dating back from her time teaching english in japan and she knew mark from the tokyo days . 
 he had called her up while he was shacked up in bondi and things had been pretty cozy . 
 she had the day off but drove him in , dropping him off at the main gate , leaning out the window and making sure his name was on the guard 's list allowing him entry . 
 she gave his tie a little adjustment as she kissed him gently on the lips before he got out . 
 `` see you in an hour , '' she 'd said , as she flattened the accelerator and sped off . 
 in the green room , mark 's thinning hair was given a quick brush and spray before his face was powdered . 
 he soon found himself standing in the wings of the set , waiting for a break , before being led on to the set and sat down opposite the host , reggie post . 
 staff floating around the set told him to relax , wait for the cue and to try and not speak too fast as he was introduced to the host reggie post or postie as he was affectionately known . 
 `` g’day , umm ... mark is n't it ? '' 
 asked postie as he leaned over to shake mark 's hand . 
 `` yeah , umm mark -- mark barnes . '' 
 `` good mark , look , i just want to do an overview of what you are intending to set up between japan and australia today , if that 's ok ? '' 
 `` of course , sure , not a problem . '' 
 `` good then . 
 look , there might be one or two sticky questions , but i can assure you that the rest will be standard , run-of-the-mill stuff ' . '' 
 before mark had time to respond , the cue was given and he was ` on air ' . 
 `` welcome back , folks , '' began postie . 
 `` our next guest has spent the best part of ten years living and working in japan and is in australia to promote his new business in the emerging market of on-line-shopping , a topic i know we are all interested in . 
 mark barnes is the face of nihon online and i believe it is a joint venture between some australian investors and some japanese investors ... is that right mark ? '' 
 `` why yes , postie . 
 it 's a tie-up between some aussie and japanese investors who are interested in building on the emerging online shopping market to supply quality japanese products at an affordable price , delivered safely to your door . 
 all with the convenience that online shopping has to offer . '' 
 the interview moved on through the types of product to be offered , the technical know-how involved and mark 's unique knowledge of japanese culture and his ability with the language . 
 things progressed smoothly until , postie , clearing his throat , interrupted the flow with the first of his sticky questions . 
 `` now mark , as you would be aware , there has been tension recently between japan and the rest of the world -- including australia -- in relation to , what most see , as the unnecessary killing and consumption of whales . '' 
 mark sat erect and shuffled to the front of his seat as he responded with a neutral `` ya , '' signaling to postie that he had mark 's attention . 
 `` i am sure our viewers would like to know , is your company in any way at all connected with the sale of whale meat in japan ? '' 
 `` fuck , '' thought mark , `` that 's a bit direct . 
 one wrong turn here and the whole thing collapses . 
 are we ? '' 
 he questioned himself . 
 in the months of intense research , meetings , networking and technical set up , he had n't once thought to ask kenichi if the company had any connection with the trade . 
 knowing that even a slight flinch here would land him in the affirmative , mark applied every pulse of brainpower into the search for an appropriate and speedy response . 
 `` no not at all postie , '' he responded . 
 `` that 's good to hear mark . 
 as you know there has been a lot said about the unnecessary slaughter of the whales in australian waters , a topic dear to our hearts here in australia . '' 
 `` yes , i can understand how people must feel , '' mark reflected . 
 `` well thank you for your time and for appearing on the morning sun . 
 we wish you well ; and i believe you are back in japan in the next couple of days ? '' 
 `` yes , back in osaka on friday morning . '' 
 `` nihon online , folks -- -- mark barnes . '' 
 mark 's interview finished and postie introduced the following ` info-mercial ' segment to follow . 
 mark breathed a sigh of relief , realizing that he had gotten out of that one by the skin of his teeth and that he would have to make some subtle enquiries when he returned to japan . 
 kenichi listened intently as mark recounted his story about the interview on sydney tv . 
 `` well ? '' 
 asked mark . 
 `` do we ? '' 
 `` kenichi audibly drew breath as he considered his response . 
 he picked up his cup and slowly drank some tea . 
 `` to tell you the truth , '' he began , `` not any more . '' 
 `` any more ? '' 
 `` yes , '' responded kenichi . 
 `` it is muzukashii -lrb- difficult -rrb- . 
 my father 's business very old and during war and after , yes , he sold . '' 
 `` what about now ? '' 
 asked mark almost frantically . 
 `` mmmm ... again muzukashii . 
 the government ... i mean , not illegal ... i start again '' . 
 kennichi carefully considered the rest of his response . 
 `` two years ago ... maybe ... about two years ago there was many , sorry , much meat ... so much meat ... so , yes we sell at some supa . 
 but not so popular ... only in some store . 
 so , saikin , uumm recently , there is no one who buy , not popular . 
 japanese people do not know about whale meat . 
 they do n't want to eat whale meat . '' 
 `` so we do n't sell it any more ? '' 
 questioned mark . 
 `` no , no whale , '' kenichi responded emphatically . 
 `` great , '' i am not a liar . 
 `` that 's good to hear , then . 
 so , by the way ... . 
 uumm ... what do you think ? '' 
 `` think what ? '' 
 responded kenichi . 
 `` about whaling ... you know ... should japan kill them ... the whales ? '' 
 `` i think japanese people do n't need to kill whales . 
 why we need to eat whale ? 
 i do n't eat whale . 
 most japanese people do n't know about whale . 
 let 's have not whale , '' he said firmly . 
 `` i gotcha , '' said mark sympathetically . 
 `` so what about jon then ? '' 
 kenichi rocked forward towards the table , shaking his head from side to side . 
 `` mmm , muzukashii . 
 he did not pay ... rent was not pay . 
 this is strange . 
 jon is always pay . 
 i do n't ' need money but he say ... no , no , i pay ... but no ... i know ... he not pay . 
 mmm , muzukashii ne ? '' 
 `` i ca n't understand jon , '' continued mark . 
 `` is he ok ? '' 
 `` very strange , saikin ... strange ... he has a big change ... strange talking ... no money . 
 i am worry about jon , '' said kenichi with a tone of paternal concern in his voice . 
 mark did n't want to burden kenichi with any more stressful information , so he decided to skip the problem with jon and kimberly and the police . 
 he did n't want to stay at jon 's any more , deciding to ask mike if he could put him up for a couple of nights while he found a place . 
 kenichi was n't too keen on the idea of going to the cantaloupe so mark said a fond goodbye to him and okaasan , promising to be back in the next couple of days to talk over the business plan . 
 the cantaloupe the hankyu train line was mike 's favorite . 
 the green velvet seats and the powerful heaters made for a very comfortable journey . 
 the train was just pulling in to umeda station as mike sent a quick last-minute text to jon , asking if mark was coming to happy hour . 
 within the minute , jon had replied . 
 `` mark with ken now will cum 2nite cu at 6 . 
 j '' the message flashed on to mike 's keitai screen , confirming the arrangement and that mark would be there . 
 mike alighted with the masses and walked with the flow towards the exit as he had done many times before . 
 he inserted his ticket into the slot of the kaisatsuguchi , -lrb- ticket gate -rrb- exited , and then proceeded on to the escalators leading down to the hankyu station building and thousands of people . 
 the not-too cryptic brush-off by miyako was still playing on mike 's mind . 
 he was feeling alone in a big city and did n't really want to go home to an empty apartment . 
 he walked back towards kinokuniya bookstore , veering to the left of the huge big man screen , then down the stairs to the hankyu san ban gai , the entrance to the elegant food hall below . 
 passing by ` fountain square ' , which emulates milan in italy , mike was overcome with a sudden urge for pasta . 
 a small wooden bridge over a small waterway with running water lead led to an authentic-looking italian restaurant that was more than likely a japanese-style italian restaurant . 
 it was good enough for mike , though . 
 he had skipped lunch and did n't want to do happy hour on an empty stomach , so he decided to spend a little money on looking after himself . 
 sat at the counter , alone , he thanked the waitress , opened out his oshibori -lrb- hot hand-towel -rrb- and wiped his forehead before wiping his hands then the back of his neck . 
 he threw the spent towel on to the counter , downed the water in the glass that had been placed next to the oshibori , then picked up his menu . 
 taking a little time to decide , he finally settled on the gnocchi with a local-style tomato and basil sauce . 
 while he waited , he picked up his keitai and tried texting mark using the latest number he had stored . 
 `` long x no c how was syd ? 
 ru cumin 2nite ? 
 j '' his meal arrived quickly and with no one to talk to , he had consumed the lot in a matter of minutes . 
 his developing beer belly was stretched to the limit as he sat contentedly , picking his teeth with the peppermint-tipped tsumayouji -lrb- tooth pick -rrb- that had accompanied his oshibori and glass of water . 
 mike 's keitai vibrated angrily on the counter as the screen lit up with mark 's reply . 
 `` at jons cu soon wats kaori chan up2 '' kaori was an old colleague of mike 's who had transferred to another branch in osaka about six months ago . 
 mark had met her about a year ago at a bonenkai -lrb- end of year party -rrb- that mike had invited him to . 
 mike still kept in touch , as she was a good friend of miyako 's . 
 mark had skillfully acquired her telephone number at the bonenkai but had become so busy with the new business project that he had n't had a chance to follow up . 
 mike knew via the grapevine that she had just finished up with some loser doctor from the local university hospital who turned out to be married , so he thought he might do them both a favor and invite her along for drinks . 
 still holding a torch for miyako , he was sure that mark and kaori could be good for mike and miyako . 
 he sent her a text . 
 `` hi kaori . 
 are you free ? 
 do you want to come to the cantaloupe at 6 ? 
 my friend mark is coming . 
 mike . '' 
 mike tended to use correctly phrased and spelt english with his japanese friends to avoid errors of time and place , although most of them could compose a text in two languages before mike could even say , `` tsumayouji . '' 
 `` cu @ 6 , '' came the reply in under 15 seconds . 
 mike decided to leave this as a surprise for mark as he stood , collected the kanjo -lrb- the bill -rrb- and walked up to the register to pay . 
 the cantaloupe was on the other side of umeda and would take a good half an hour to get there . 
 it was about five in the afternoon now , so mike decided to spend about thirty minutes browsing the magazines in kinokuniya bookstore , as it was on the way . 
 walking up the stairs to exit from the hankyu san ban gai , stairway , he turned left and walked in to kinokuniya . 
 weaving through the aisles towards the english language section , mike remembered some foreign colleagues telling him of an australian guy who was detained for stealing a magazine then arrested for possession of drugs . 
 he caught himself , shaking his head in judgment at such a stupid act and thanked the gods that he did n't have friends like that . 
 he browsed for a short time , made a mental note of what he might buy next time , then made his way back out of the store and on to the cantaloupe . 
 mark had returned to jon 's place and had just entered the genkan . 
 the door was open , so he did n't make any noise as he walked in . 
 no one came to greet him and he could hear the sound of male voices , laughing and japanese speech coming from the living area . 
 he finished his special shoe trick , stepping up from the genkan -- this time , however , no one was trailing him to correct the imperfections of the orientation of his shoes . 
 walking in through the door he was confronted by a confident looking japanese man in his mid-thirties . 
 he was sitting on the edge of the seat and was smoking a cigarette . 
 he smiled , light instantly refracting from a number of gold-capped molars , but he did n't stand . 
 jon jumped to attention and introduced tsubasa to mark . 
 mark responded in japanese . 
 `` hajimemashite marku desu , yoroshiku onegaishimasu . '' 
 -lrb- nice to meet you , i am mark . -rrb- 
 `` oh , you speak very good japanese , '' replied tsubasa . 
 mark had encountered this many times before and knew that tsubasa would insist on speaking english from now on , so he just switched over . 
 `` yeah , thanks . 
 are you a friend of jon 's ? '' 
 enquired mark . 
 tsubasa began to draw breath , but jon interrupted . 
 `` yes , yes . 
 we 've been friends for a couple of years now . '' 
 `` oh yes , for quite a long time , '' , added tsubasa . 
 tsubasa was particularly well dressed in a fashionable armani leather jacket , superior quality , well-fitted armani casual outfit and leather shoes . 
 a rolex watch and chunky gold jeweler added to an appearance that placed him a little out of context in jon 's living room . 
 mark had already decided that this was about the drugs but decided to continue humoring their little routine . 
 `` do you live nearby ? '' 
 mark continued . 
 `` no , i am from kyoto . 
 i am a businessman . 
 i own many business in kyoto and in osaka . '' 
 with tsubasa volunteering so much information and so freely , jon realized that it would n't be long before mark got to the truth . 
 he stood up and ` cut to the chase ' . 
 `` we are thinking of doing some business together . 
 well ... we are doing some business together . '' 
 `` oh yeah , ca n't wait to hear this , '' said mark . 
 `` well , you might not be impressed but it 's a little like your line of business ... an internet venture , in fact , '' jon continued . 
 `` do n't tell me ... it 's porn , '' speculated mark , half joking . 
 jon did n't respond , nor did he smile . 
 `` do n't ... do n't tell me . '' 
 sensing mark 's morally judgemental attitude , tsubasa stood up and smiled nervously . 
 `` yes , mr mark , jon is my man . 
 we are business partners . 
 he gets me the best foreign girls in japan . '' 
 he moved over to jon and put his arm around his right shoulder , patting his left shoulder affectionately with his hand . 
 jon seemed to defer to tsubasa , so mark decided to skip the moral lecture , yet again deciding that jon was just incapable of being reasoned with . 
 `` well , good luck , '' mark said . 
 he had already decided to never talk to this man again , but knew that he might have to endure just a little more in order to get out of this house cleanly . 
 mark knew jon was a wannabe , right from the start -- the first day they met and got to know each other all those years ago , back at the karaoke bar . 
 mark was relieved that it was n't about the drugs , but to stoop so low ... mark shook off his concerns , reasoning that in the grand scheme of things , it did n't really matter because he had already decided to flee . 
 nevertheless , he was a little concerned for jon and decided to interrogate him later at the cantaloupe , while under the influence of alcohol , and try to talk him out of this madness . 
 `` anyway tsubasa , nice to have met you . 
 it 's getting late jon , are we still making our way to happy hour ? '' 
 asked mark . '' 
 i have a new mercedes , '' interrupted tsubasa . 
 `` yes , it 's brilliant and parking is no problem near the cantaloupe , '' said jon with a sense of childish enthusiasm . 
 mark was unable to come up with a half - decent excuse to avoid inviting tsubasa that did n't involve his telling him straight out that he was too creepy . 
 they all left the house for tsubasa 's car , parked about a hundred meters up the road . 
 mark was not at all surprised as tsubasa put on a pair of very dark sunglasses as they walked . 
 he was , however , more than a little alarmed as they walked past the yakuza guy he had seen in the shotengai earlier that day . 
 he bowed low , deferring to tsubasa , who gave no more than a short downwards nod of the head . 
 they climbed in to the mercedes , mark in the back , and set off for happy hour in umeda . 
 chin chin mike arrived pretty much on time , at about ten past six . 
 he walked down the stairs looking around to see if anyone had arrived before him . 
 the place was alive with foreigners , so he did n't have much chance of running straight into anyone he knew . 
 heading straight for the bar , he ordered a drink before scouting around . 
 mike wiggled out of the bar area and slunk on over to a high table that was free , making sure not to spill any of his 300-yen pitcher of sapporo black label beer . 
 feeling conspicuously alone , he waited , drank and watched . 
 in one corner there was a group of young foreign men in suits , drunk and flirting with a japanese office lady -lrb- ol -rrb- with what appeared to be a modicum of success . 
 at the table next to him were a group of japanese men and women in their mid-thirties , happily engaged in conversation and alcohol consumption . 
 over at the bar were three cool-looking foreign couples keeping to themselves , sipping spirits and talking . 
 he glanced around a little more , settling on the stairway in time to notice mark , jon and a japanese guy walking down the steps . 
 mike waved from his table and caught mark and jon 's attention . 
 they walked over to the bar before joining mike at the table so mike just waited , glancing at the stairway to catch the attention of whoever walked down next . 
 the door opened and in walked kimberly and alison , jon 's model girlfriend . 
 they were n't alone , as about four others walked in with them -- two stunningly attractive slender women and two particularly handsome , square-jawed men with stubble and designer clothes . 
 mike 's gay radar immediately flashed red , before he was distracted by mark , jon and tsubasa , who had come to sit at his table . 
 jon greeted mike with his traditional salutation . 
 `` hello young man . '' 
 `` hey jon , long time and all that shit ... '' he stood to shake mark 's hand , beaming as he clasped his right hand with both of his . 
 `` good to see ya mate , it 's been too long . '' 
 `` fuckin ' aye , '' mark replied , a private joke between the two from the old days . 
 mike 's eyes moved to tsubasa and jon made the introduction . 
 `` a new friend of mine , tsubasa . '' 
 `` hajimemashite maiku to moshimasu . 
 yoroshiku . '' 
 -lrb- hi , nice to meet you . 
 i am mike . -rrb- 
 he gave a polite bow . 
 tsubasa responded and introduced himself in english without bowing , extending his arm in order to shake mike 's hand . 
 `` i am tsubasa ... yamamoto tsubasa . '' 
 mike 's eyebrows rose slightly as he heard this familiar surname . 
 he decided to check , just in case . 
 `` are you related to yamamoto keita ... the ceo of kansai shyokuhin , the grocery chain ? '' 
 mike asked . 
 mike had done training at most of the big companies in the kansai region and knew his stuff . 
 he was a little star struck when tsubasa responded . 
 `` yes , my father is keita . '' 
 impressed , mike could feel a networking moment developing and was a little frustrated as mark tried to divert the opportunity . 
 `` so let 's drink then shall we ? '' 
 mark suggested . 
 ignoring this , mike continued . 
 `` a big supermarket chain , you must be a very rich man . '' 
 tsubasa played this down , portraying his involvement in his father 's empire as minimal . 
 `` i only have small company , no supermarket . '' 
 `` that 's your line of work , is n't it mark ? '' 
 mark was trying hard to shut mike down by glaring at him , but it was impossible to battle mike 's networking instincts . 
 `` i thought you were involved in the internet business , mark ? '' 
 questioned tsubasa . 
 not wanting to continue with the conversation , mark also tried to play things down . 
 `` just a small little venture , '' he chuckled , `` nothing very big . '' 
 `` nothing big , just the first ever online marketing operation for nihon shyoukuhin , '' exclaimed mike . 
 `` this is a big venture mark . 
 i know this company , '' said tsubasa . 
 `` online marketing to internationals ? 
 my father 's company is also looking at this . '' 
 at this point , both mark and tsubasa realised that with so much in common , it was probably not a good idea to be sharing company information , so the two left the conversation hanging . 
 they both paused , smiling at each other , then just kind of turned away , politely snubbing each other and finishing the exchange . 
 the group sat without a word , everyone taking a long drink while checking each other 's expressions . 
 mike was the first to speak , finally breaking the ice and changing the topic . 
 `` well , here we are again , just like that first night . 
 what was it ? 
 ... ah ... yes ... the osaka big luck snack . '' 
 `` kinki karaoke , '' interjected mark , chuckling . 
 `` there is a big beer somewhere . 
 i want a girl . '' 
 mark was in stitches at jon 's expense . 
 `` ok , ok , '' responded jon . 
 `` we 've all come a long way . '' 
 `` some of us at least , '' said mark , staring at jon . 
 `` so , i know this place , '' said tsubasa . 
 `` what ... this place ? '' 
 questioned mark with a disrespectful smirk on his face , a beer held to his lips hiding the true degree of contempt in his expression . 
 `` no , osaka big luck snack . '' 
 mike and mark froze , beers in hand , lost for words , eyes on each other . 
 jon just looked at a coaster sheepishly , then stretched and looked to the side to see what alison and kimberly were doing . 
 `` oh really , '' mike finally responded . 
 `` yes , i have a business in this area . '' 
 mark and mike were starting to feel more than a little uneasy about tsubasa . 
 mark put on his detective cap and asked him a seemingly innocuous question . 
 `` so , do you have a business card then ? '' 
 he asked with just a hint of suspicion in his voice . 
 `` yes ... please wait a moment , '' he answered obligingly . 
 tsubasa put his hand into his coat pocket and took out a business card , presenting it to mark with a skillful flick of the wrist and fingers . 
 mark raised his eyebrows as he took the card . 
 he looked it over for what seemed to be an appropriate period of time then , with a poker face , put it in the top pocket of his suit jacket . 
 mike , noticing mark 's expression , waited for some comment but mark said no more as alison , kimberly and the other four made their way over to the table . 
 there were n't enough spaces at the table , so the others began sitting at the next table . 
 tsubasa had already eyed off the two models and had said hello to alison and kimberly . 
 seizing the opportunity , he stood up , insisted they wait and began to move the table towards the other in order to join them together . 
 mark , mike and jon took his cue , stood and helped to organize the area , moving chairs and glasses . 
 kimberly pitched in and helped while the others stood back , chatting while things were organized . 
 once the tables were together , tsubasa began herding the models , gently coercing them towards his side of the table , the others left to fend for themselves . 
 he sat them down , along the long side of the newly enlarged rectangular table then placed himself at the smaller end , next to one of the most attractive of the girls , leaving the other two sides free . 
 the rest just fell into a place that was most convenient . 
 alison sat next to tsubasa , then jon , kimberly , mike and mark . 
 that left the other small end free , mike mentally reserving it for kaori , if she eventually showed up . 
 tsubasa , obviously in his element , took the lead . 
 `` let 's all order some drinks , '' he suggested , looking directly at the female models . 
 the guys -- -- the male models -- -- ordered water without hesitation and tsubasa did n't bother to argue the toss . 
 he indicated to the girls that they should order and they just looked at each other , undecided . '' 
 `` ok , ok , ok , wakatta , '' -lrb- i 've got it -rrb- tsubasa said authoritatively . 
 taking the lead , he suggested they order japanese chu-hai . 
 the girls seemed impressed . 
 he waved his hand in the air and caught the attention of a young waiter who no one else at the table had even seen . 
 he raced over and stood next to tsubasa . 
 wearing an apron and holding an electronic device , he took tsubasa 's order then looked to the rest . 
 alison ordered a semillion blanc while the others just ordered a beer . 
 drinks ordered , tsubasa immediately turned his attention to the girls . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 he asked , as mike and mark , tuning out , turned to each other and sighed . 
 mike leaned forward . 
 `` what was on the card ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 `` you 're not going to believe this , '' replied mark , turning his right shoulder in to mike to avoid anyone noticing him taking it out of his pocket . 
 `` remember the first night we arrived ... you got lost ... the card ? '' 
 `` yeah , go on , '' urged mike . 
 mark flashed the card at him . 
 `` fuck , '' whispered mike . 
 `` daiichi heights ... the superintendent ... the stuff that went on there ... is this jon 's mate ? 
 what the fuck is he into ? '' 
 `` no fucking way , '' yelled alison , stopping everyone in their tracks . 
 mike and mark 's heads swung around to see what had happened , as did everyone else at the table . 
 `` you ca n't just fucking kill them , you barbarians . 
 they are intelligent , thinking , feeling mammals . '' 
 jon was doing his looking-around-the-room trick again , reluctant to defend his maiden 's honor . 
 the models were also politely looking around the room . 
 mark , mike and kimberly were just stalled , watching with fascination . 
 `` why ? 
 you kill cows and sheep ... and kangaroo , in australia . 
 what is different ? '' 
 questioned tsubasa in a controlled , yet slightly agitated , manner . 
 `` you ca n't tell me that 's the same , '' screamed alison . 
 tsubasa smiled , obviously attracted to her . 
 `` it is our tradition of the japanese people . '' 
 `` bullshit ! 
 it was just during the war ... no one eats it any more , '' screamed alison at an even higher pitch . 
 kimberly jumped in to calm the mood . 
 `` look guys , people are staring . 
 let 's just move on . 
 i think we all know what we all think . '' 
 mark shook his head . 
 `` not the fucking ` w ' word again , '' he cursed to himself ; it just wo n't leave me alone . 
 the others looked around for guidance . 
 tsubasa , feeling a little wounded , did n't quite want to let it drop . 
 opening up the debate and surveying the faces of the others , he asked what they thought . 
 `` so , do you eat kujira ? '' 
 the models , neither of whom had said a word for quite some time now , just shook their heads and looked down at the table . 
 the others , one by one looking directly at tsubasa , indicated in the negative by shaking their heads and not speaking . 
 quickly realising he did not have the numbers , tsubasa changed tack as the drinks began to arrive . 
 `` let 's drink , '' he shouted with a smile , raising his glass . 
 he clinked glasses with the model next to him . 
 she was impressed to hear him use the european phrase ` chin chin ' until mark , overhearing the exchange , told her what it meant in japanese . 
 `` it 's a colloquial japanese phrase meaning penis , '' he informed her with a childish snicker . 
 she looked awkward as the others , including tsubasa , burst out laughing . 
 the ice broken , mike clinked mark 's glass , yelling ` chin chin ' at the top of his voice , the others repeated this loudly and laughed as the great whale debate was forgotten , and tsubasa moved his attention back to the models . 
 the male models had well and truly finished off their water and were getting a little bored by now , as mike tried to strike up a conversation . 
 it quickly wound down however , as mike knew nothing about protein drinks , fashion or working out . 
 he tried hard but both teams conceded after only a few minutes of ` stop and start ' topic searching that it really just was n't going to fly . 
 the taller of the two announced politely that he needed to get going because he had a shoot early in the morning and the others also made a move , possibly because they really did n't belong with this kind of group . 
 this left alison in conflict , as she was still technically ` out ' with jon . 
 tsubasa seemed a little disappointed but bowed politely as mark , out of the corner of his eye , noticed kaori walking down the stairway . 
 he waved with joy as if guiding a 787 dream liner in for a landing . 
 she spotted him then beamed with joy as she quickened her pace down the stairs . 
 avoiding the bar , she came straight to mark 's end of the table . 
 the models had begun shuffling out by now , as alison stood and picked up her bag . 
 she looked at jon and had obviously made up her mind . 
 `` i 'm sorry jon . 
 i jus ... i just ca n't do this . '' 
 jon 's expression changed to one of alarm as alison turned dramatically and began walking out with the others passing by kaori . 
 jon hesitated , not knowing what to do . 
 `` go jon , go and talk to her , '' urged kimberly . 
 jon raced up the stairs as alison walked out the door with the others . 
 jon followed . 
 mark , more interested in kaori than jon 's train wreck of a life , paid no attention to jon 's drama . 
 `` this has got to be your work , mike . '' 
 `` well , i might have had something to do with it . '' 
 as kaori arrived , mark stood to greet her . 
 `` ohisashiburi desu ne , '' -lrb- long time no see -rrb- started mark . 
 `` you have n't changed mark , you still sound like a child when you speak japanese , '' she said playfully . 
 a glint in mark 's eye signaled that time had not diminished his romantic intentions . 
 `` you know i 've missed you too , '' he retorted as kaori laughed joyfully at what was , after all , a pretty lame response . 
 `` how are you mike ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 glad you could come . 
 umm ... you did n't happen to hear from miyako , did you ? '' 
 `` sorry , i think she 's meeting friends tonight but i 'll tell her i saw you . '' 
 subconsciously zoned out of other conversations , mark ignored mike 's sad and obvious denial of unrequited love , continuing to attempt humor with kaori . 
 she giggled , regardless of what he said . 
 mike too zoned out for a while , with no alternative other than to eavesdrop on other conversations . 
 `` so , yeah , marley is ... loopy at the moment and no one knows what she 's going to do next , '' kimberly was explaining to tsubasa . 
 mike thought nothing of this , as he had not yet been filled in on the topic . 
 not trusting tsubasa , however , he continued to listen as he pretended to look around the room . 
 `` this is very big news , '' said tsubasa looking down and avoiding eye contact . 
 `` if they have the keitai , they can find you and jon -- -- they can find me . '' 
 `` yes , but nothing connects you with ... you know ... '' she leaned a little closer to tsubasa to finish . 
 `` the trade . '' 
 tsubasa said nothing more , starting into space and stroking his chin . 
 mike 's eyes were darting from side to side and he knew he would give away his listening position if he could n't seem to be involved in conversation with someone so he leaned over to mark . 
 `` you have a face like a rabbit , '' he overheard kaori saying to him . 
 mark just laughed and made carrot noises at her . 
 options when he was first arrested josh had been allowed a phone call and had first called marley , his partner . 
 he assumed that she had let his folks back in melbourne know , but he had no way of knowing for sure . 
 it had been a week now and he was haggard . 
 the small cell he was being kept in was tiny and it was difficult to get used to sleeping on a thin mattress on the tatami mat floor . 
 everyone around him spoke japanese and he was n't quite sure of what was happening from one moment to the next . 
 his meals were barely adequate , consisting mainly of rice , and the early mornings and early evenings were getting to him . 
 he was as agitated as hell but scared to question anything . 
 he feared the guards . 
 the way they looked at him -- he could tell he was a target . 
 going ` cold turkey ' was churning his stomach inside out and he was in a kind of daze now . 
 he knew that back at home he was entitled to some form of representation but he did n't know what to do here . 
 marley had said something about consular representation but he still had n't heard anything . 
 the cell door was opened and a prison officer greeted him . 
 `` tate , '' -lrb- stand -rrb- he ordered , saying nothing more . 
 josh was used to this order , so he stood and was cuffed by the officer , the cuffs pinching the skin around his wrists . 
 he flinched a little but did not dare complain . 
 the officer walked in and grabbed him by the wrist from behind , signaling for josh to walk forward . 
 he escorted him about two hundred meters or so to what appeared to be an interview room , then left him alone , sitting on an aluminum chair at the head of a rectangular table , facing the window . 
 a japanese man dressed in a suit walked in . 
 he was thin and quite dark skinned and looked as though he was in his mid-forties . 
 the man said nothing as he looked around . 
 he walked straight for the chair next to josh , picked it up and turned it so that the back faced josh , then sat , legs either side and stared straight into josh 's eyes . 
 `` you have many friends , '' he said coolly , in accented english . 
 he smiled . 
 josh looked down . 
 `` we know you use drugs , we tested your blood and we think you sell drugs . 
 do you sell to your friends ? 
 ... to your keitai friends ? '' 
 `` you have to charge me with something , '' said josh , as a rush of frustration took hold . 
 `` ah ... you know japanese law , '' the detective asked playfully . 
 `` is it the same as australia ? 
 did you know about twenty-three days without charge in japan ? 
 eh ? 
 did you know ? '' 
 `` you have to let me see a lawyer , '' demanded josh . 
 `` ok ... do you know one ? '' 
 the detective laughed heartily as he saw josh 's will break . 
 josh fell silent . 
 `` the penalty for drug supply is severe . 
 do you have some spare time ? '' 
 asked the detective . 
 `` maybe ... how about ... 10 years , or maybe some more ? 
 you can stay here in japan , for free ? '' 
 the detective laughed at josh . 
 `` maybe you could teach us some english ? 
 we have confession in your interview at sonezaki station . 
 look , you signed . '' 
 he showed josh an official looking piece of paper and josh 's signature . 
 `` it 's about a refund for the bookstore . 
 there was no confession when i read this , '' pleaded josh . 
 `` but you signed , '' repeated the detective . 
 `` i did n't write this , '' josh protested . 
 `` you did n't have to , but you did . 
 you are guilty of supplying drugs . 
 you signed . 
 you signed . '' 
 josh was defeated -- a week without charge -- -- the futility of any argument . 
 he knew that they had him . 
 he had done well so far , refusing to reveal any information that would incriminate his friends . 
 `` but where were they now ? '' 
 he thought , as his mood darkened . 
 the detective took out the keitai that was confiscated from josh earlier at sonezaki police station . 
 tossing it up and down in his right hand , he stared at josh to gauge his reaction . 
 `` this is a very cheap keitai . 
 old model , '' said the detective . 
 `` you have many names and numbers . 
 penny , is she your friend ? 
 do you sell her drugs ? '' 
 josh did n't react . 
 `` who is jaimie ? 
 what about yutaka ? 
 eh ? '' 
 `` they are nobody , they are my friends . '' 
 `` honnmani , tomodachi dake ka ? '' 
 the detective asked in the osaka dialect . 
 `` uso ya ro '' he grumbled . 
 -lrb- bullshit , they are not friends -rrb- josh did n't understand and stared silently at the floor . 
 the detective turned on the phone . 
 it beeped loudly , startling josh . 
 the detective noticed that josh seemed to be rattled , so he continued on with his psychological assault , sensing that he was close to breaking him down . 
 `` who is this gaijin , jon ? 
 many , many , many times he has sent a text . 
 you have replied many , many times . '' 
 `` just a friend , '' answered josh . 
 the detective noticed a change of tone in josh 's voice . 
 `` what is trade ? '' 
 asked the detective , reading from one of the texts . 
 `` this is very common word . 
 can we trade today ? 
 do we trade at six ? 
 many , many times ... trade ? '' 
 `` it 's nothing , just another word for meet , you know to have drink ... nothing . '' 
 `` do you think japanese police are stupid ? '' 
 asked the detective politely . 
 before josh had a chance to answer , however , the detective began to review his situation for him . 
 `` josh san , '' he began . 
 `` if you tell me who the main person is that you sell to , we maybe can think about your time in jail . '' 
 he had josh 's attention . 
 `` we can sometimes change jail time to deportation in the case of a foreigner . 
 maybe you ca n't come back to japan but you can leave here . 
 you will not go to jail . '' 
 josh 's mood lifted considerably , as he could now see that he had some options . 
 soro soro jon appeared at the top of the stairs looking very sad and depressed . 
 all conversation stopped as he walked down slowly , one heavy footstep dragging the next . 
 finally , he sat . 
 all eyes were on him as he confirmed everyone 's suspicions . 
 `` well , that was heartless , '' he said , almost on the verge of tears . 
 `` it was n't the disagreement over the whales , if that 's what anyone is thinking . '' 
 `` so , she 's gone then ? '' 
 asked kimberly , rubbing his back affectionately in a wide circular motion . 
 `` well , she just needs time to think , '' said jon . 
 `` the argument ... well , she was angry in a way . 
 she said she ca n't respect anyone who sits on the fence over this issue . '' 
 `` she 'll come ` round . 
 just give her some time to think ... you know ... on her own and all , '' said kimberly reassuringly , now scrunching the back of his hair . 
 jon seemed reassured , the sadness in his eyes fading as he placed his hand on kimberly 's lap and squeezed . 
 mark and kaori were now also in pretty close proximity , leaving mike and tsubasa in a conversational void . 
 mike stared into his pitcher of beer and began swirling the dregs to make a whirlpool of beer . 
 he began thinking about how close to tsubasa jon had become . 
 he now suspected that jon was dealing in drugs and was working out how many years jon must have been connected with those people down at daiichi heights . 
 the card , that tsubasa gave mark -- it irrefutably connected the guy with that apartment . 
 his mind wandered back to that first day and his introduction to the apartments . 
 `` paul ... , paul , jackson . '' 
 the name flashed into mike 's mind . 
 that company guy ... he introduced me to the superintendent . 
 did he introduce jon , and mark ? '' 
 he put down his beer as he decided to do a little detective work himself . 
 he made eye contact with tsubasa , who was looking a little ` out of sorts ' . 
 mike smiled and got one back , so he proceeded with his idea and put an innocent question to him . 
 `` so , did you and jon meet up in kyoto ? '' 
 he asked across table . 
 although able to hear , jon now had his elbows on the table , the palms of his hands supporting his face as he rubbed his eyes and kimberly rubbed his shoulders . 
 jon , seemingly unwilling or unable to join in the conversation , said nothing as tsubasa responded directly to mike . 
 `` no , no . 
 my other friend , paul -- he gave an introduction . '' 
 the penny dropped as mike realized that all those years back , paul was not only greeting new arrivals but also scouting and recruiting for other , less legitimate activities in conjunction with the superintendent . 
 he wondered why , after being given one of those cards , he was never contacted . 
 and then he realized that he himself had never contacted any one with any of the numbers on the card . 
 he had thrown it away years ago . 
 `` who the hell would respond to a number on one of those cards , '' he thought to himself ... then glanced over at jon , answering his own question . 
 `` so now you and jon are good friends , '' mike said , looking directly at jon . 
 `` yes , of course , '' responded tsubasa with very little emotion and a forced smile . 
 this sent shivers running up mike 's spine and he resolved to take jon aside sometime in the very near future and talk some sense into him , before he got himself into something he could n't get out of . 
 things kind of ground to a halt after this and there was a long silence -- perfectly acceptable in japan , although awkward in any other country . 
 `` soro soro , '' -lrb- well , it 's time -rrb- said tsubasa eventually , as he lightly slapped the table with his hands to support himself as he stood . 
 the others took the ` cue ' and also stood . 
 kaori began to bow but the others were a little too drunk to follow cultural etiquette , as they put on their jackets and began the ascent to the top of the stairs . 
 with no conversation as they assembled in front of the exit door , tsubasa noticed a restaurant entrance to the left and stood in front reading the menu . 
 the others kind of milled around , rubbing their arms and shaking them to keep warm in anticipation of that final round of bows and goodbyes , so common in japan . 
 tsubasa turned around to the others . 
 `` hairo ? '' 
 -lrb- shall we go in ? -rrb- 
 he suggested . 
 kimberly , who was holding jon 's arm and rubbing it for warmth , was the first to accept . 
 `` ya , '' she said . 
 `` i could do with a bite to eat . '' 
 jon agreed with a quick nod of the head . 
 this made it difficult for the other three to say no . 
 mark and mike just wanted to get the hell away from this guy , but kaori , not knowing any of the history , thought it a reasonable suggestion and indicated in the affirmative . 
 `` sou shiyou ? '' 
 -lrb- shall we ? -rrb- 
 , she said , looking at mark and then mike for agreement . 
 it was hard for them to say no . 
 they looked at each other and realizing there was no way out , reluctantly agreed . 
 `` just a quick meal , '' mark added as they all followed tsubasa into the restaurant . 
 they were seated fairly quickly at a large square table in the middle of the restaurant . 
 again , tsubasa raised his hand and the staff snapped to attention . 
 he ordered drinks without asking this time , pausing momentarily to check with kaori that she wanted beer . 
 with no objection , the drinks were ordered . 
 everyone unwrapped their oshibori and relaxed momentarily as they wiped away their discomforts and apprehensions . 
 the drinks arrived in lightning time , the conversational dynamic repeating the previous pattern . 
 tsubasa picked up the menu and summoned another waitress . 
 mike wondered what he was ordering but could n't hear him or see him as he held the menu up high in front of his face . 
 mike turned to mark and kaori . 
 she was teaching mark how to fold a chopstick holder with the paper chopstick wrapper . 
 `` did you realize that jon was probably dealing drugs , '' he whispered to mark . 
 `` how did you ... never mind , you do n't know the half of it . '' 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 exclaimed mike . 
 `` i know there is a guy in jail with a keitai , possibly with jon and kimberly 's number in its memory . '' 
 `` fuck , '' exclaimed mike under his breath . 
 `` probably got this guy 's number too , '' he added , motioning to tsubasa with a flick of the head . 
 `` jon 's just using though , is n't he ? 
 why do you think he 's dealing ? '' 
 `` later , '' said mark . 
 `` let 's just eat then get the hell out of here . '' 
 `` i 'm with you , buddy , '' agreed mike . 
 karori had finished her beer and was happily humming random sounds into mark 's ear . 
 she was pretending to be a spoilt little girl and demanded a video of mark . 
 she took out her keitai but just as she had set it to take video , the food started arriving . 
 `` no one remembered ordering but it did n't seem to matter as tsubasa asked for another round of drinks . 
 an army of waitresses placed large shallow earthenware pots supported by blackened cast iron frames with a chunk of what looked like paraffin wax placed underneath on a plate . 
 the paraffin was lit as plates filled with meat , vegetables and condiments were placed around the flaming pots . 
 kaori took a video of mark drinking from his pitcher and then panned to the food , making a sweep of the food then the others at the table . 
 the others , drunk and mischievous , all made peace signs with their right hands while making faces . 
 in a short space of time , the fish stock in the pots began to boil and tsubasa took the lead . 
 he first placed the vegetables in the pot closest to him . 
 kaori had put down her phone by now and had taken over the food preparation at mark and mike 's end of the table . 
 she did the same as tsubasa , then they both picked up some flesh with chopsticks -- a marbled , red-and-white-looking meat that mike and mark recognized as wagyu -lrb- japanese beef -rrb- -- and placed it quickly in the pots with the vegetables . 
 leaving no time to overcook the food , tsubasa and kaori began serving the meal , placing vegetables and broiled beef in small bowls that were placed in front of each person at the table . 
 with almost ravenous intensity , each person picked up some freshly cooked beef and vegetables from the bowl , dipped it in a sauce and then ate it . 
 they all fell silent as the sounds of food being consumed echoed around the table , the intensity of it returning them to a state of near sobriety . 
 tsubasa ordered more drinks as a few more clay pots of stew-like food arrived -- only this time , they were pre-cooked . 
 kaori picked up her keitai again and began a new video . 
 the others , on cue , did peace signs and made silly faces again while mark hogged in into the second round of delicious food . 
 this time it was fish , and mark was still ravenous . 
 kaori continued her video , making commentary as the others around the table gorged themselves . 
 she stopped taking video and began working with her keitai with intense concentration as the others continued consuming . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 asked mark . 
 `` can you order a beer with a keitai in japan now ? '' 
 dismissing mark 's silly remark , she explained that she was uploading the video to her blog on mixi , so her friends could be jealous . 
 `` mixi ? '' 
 he asked , a little confused . 
 `` what is mixi ? '' 
 `` it 's like japanese facebook , '' she answered . 
 `` wow , '' so japanese people do n't use facebook ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` oh , there is facebook , '' she explained `` but ` mixi ' is better . 
 it 's in japanese only , '' she added . 
 `` hey mike , did you hear that ? 
 most people here use a thing called mixi and not facebook . 
 did you know ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 replied mike . 
 no one had spoken to him for a few minutes and he appeared to have lapsed in to a catatonic state of contentment . 
 the others had slowed and were looking spent and ready to roll home . 
 `` how was your meal ? '' 
 enquired tsubasa to the collective attention of the group . 
 `` oishikatta , '' -lrb- it was delicious -rrb- said jon . 
 his keitai made a bubble sound and he quickly fished around in his coat pocket to check for messages . 
 mark , mike and kaori complimented tsubasa on his osusume -lrb- recommendation -rrb- . 
 `` was that wagyu ? '' 
 asked mike . 
 `` yes , '' tsubasa replied . 
 `` the best beef in the world . '' 
 they all agreed , possibly in anticipation of tsubasa picking up the tab . 
 `` that second one , though ... the fish ... i do n't think i know that one . 
 what was that ? '' 
 asked mike . 
 `` no , '' exclaimed jon . 
 he was staring at the screen of his keitai . 
 `` what ... what is it jon ? '' 
 asked kimberly . 
 `` it 's formal , then -- she wants to split . '' 
 `` i am so sorry jon , '' said kimberly with an over - theatrically concerned expression . 
 mike winked at mark , causing mark to smirk . 
 he quickly turned towards kaori to hide his face . 
 kaori made a poker face but spoiled it by puffing up her cheeks . 
 mark nearly choked as he tried not to laugh . 
 jon appeared devastated and became quiet and introspective . 
 kimberly nestled her head on his shoulder and stroked his hair . 
 mark was on the verge of bursting out laughing again so he tried to change topics and reminded tsubasa about the fish . 
 `` what was the fish , tsubasa ? '' 
 he yelled across the table . 
 `` it was not fish , '' he replied . 
 mark and mike sat erect . 
 `` not fish ? '' 
 mark questioned . 
 he did n't want to ask but he had to know . 
 `` what was it then ? '' 
 it was like slow motion as the word emerged . 
 he felt like he was in some kind of japanese anime and the words were coming out of tsubasa 's mouth as individual letters then fading and disappearing as the next letter emerged . 
 `` ku-ji-ra . '' 
 mark thought he had better check . 
 `` kujira , you mean whale ? '' 
 he asked , half expecting to be corrected . 
 `` did you like it ? '' 
 tsubasa asked , smiling . 
 jon and kimberly did n't react . 
 engrossed in jon 's emotional upheaval , jon was looking quite sick now and kimberly seemed to be making good progress . 
 not knowing what to say , mike looked at mark . 
 mark looked at kaori , who repeated , `` kujira ... whale . '' 
 `` you knew ? '' 
 questioned mark , surprised at her response . 
 `` mmm , '' she replied . 
 , `` kujira is whale . 
 i do n't like it . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 mark demanded . 
 feeling a little confronted , kaori responded strongly . '' 
 `` you ate it and you did n't ask ? 
 i do n't tell you what to eat . 
 are you a child ? 
 i did n't eat any ? 
 do n't get angry at me . '' 
 the logic was hard to argue with , particularly as mark had spent the last half an hour working out how he might get kaori to let him stay at her house , in her bed . 
 he quickly calmed down realizing that he had been a part of a second-hand payback joke . 
 `` alison , '' he thought angrily . 
 `` she set up the argument , left the scene of the crime and then left us to bear the brunt of the wrath of the man she had offended . '' 
 he turned to mike , raised his eyebrows and stared him in the eyes . 
 `` i ate whale . 
 oh my god . 
 i ca n't do that . 
 the business ! 
 if this gets out ... '' mark did n't want to think about the consequences for the business . 
 `` look mark , it was an innocent mistake on your part . 
 no one could hold it against you and it 's just us who know about this , '' said mike reassuringly . 
 they both looked at kaori for reassurance , the word forming in their minds at the same time . 
 `` mixi , '' they said simultaneously . 
 kaori stared back , ducked a little and waited for the verbal assault . 
 instead , mark went straight for the bargaining stage , electing to skip the anger . 
 `` you can pull it down , ca n't you ? 
 ca n't you ? '' 
 he added a little frantically . 
 the tension subsided as kaori explained reassuringly that all she had to do was delete it . 
 she already had the phone in her hand as she worked the necessary magic required to save mark 's arse . 
 `` there , did it , '' said kaori with a self-satisfied smile , as she skillfully snapped shut her flip phone , still a popular style of keitai in japan . 
 mark looked at her , beaming with respect , remembering why he had been so goddamn attracted to her in the first place . 
 `` well , shit folks , i ate whale too , '' mike reminded the two . 
 the lovebirds failed to respond , preferring to continue the game of under-the table-drunk-couple-footsies in which they were engaged . 
 tsubasa stood . 
 `` soro soro , '' , he said with no further consultation . 
 kimberly and jon just fell into line . 
 they both glanced at mike , mark and kaori with a wounded expression , saying nothing and looking forlorn . 
 mark was contemplating how to tell tsubasau that he could pick up the tab , then where he could shove the receipt . 
 resolving mark 's dilemma , tsubasa walked straight over to the register and paid leaving mark to imagine the rest . 
 the others -- still preparing to depart -- said nothing , assuming it was all part of the natural order of things . 
 mike , unable to resist the urge to do the culturally appropriate thing , placed his hand in the inside of his coat pocket , pretending to take out his wallet but was quickly waved down by tsubasa , who had already paid by now . 
 without a word , tsubasa led the group out the door , past the top of the stairway then out the main exit . 
 they all assembled in a circle outside the door in anticipation of a typically overextended exchange of ` thank -- yous ' and ` goodbyes ' but were surprised as tsubasa , raised his right hand , waved , and with no more to say than `` ja '' -lrb- well -rrb- , he turned and walked to the right without turning back . 
 jon and kimberly were a little surprised , as they had been expecting a lift home . 
 `` moody fucker , '' exclaimed jon . 
 `` let 's get a taxi then , '' suggested kimberly . 
 mike explained that he lived quite close and could walk , while mark and kaori mentioned something about ` kicking on ' at the nearest karaoke station . 
 with a final goodbye , the group went on their separate ways , ending the night with a fizzle . 
 the last day mark woke up to sunlight streaming through a window straight into his eyes . 
 his head throbbed as he realized there was a body clinging on to him from behind . 
 quickly remembering who it was , he placed his hand on kaori 's thigh and smiled . 
 his first thought was to quench his enormous thirst , but he was always reluctant to drink any water from a tap in osaka . 
 he sat up , looking for something in a bottle and noticed that he was n't at an apartment at all . 
 the hotel room was a little cramped but there was a mini fridge under a writing desk . 
 it was not quite in reach so he wiggled forward on the bed , taking half the futon with him . 
 kaori did n't move . 
 opening the fridge , he found a small bottle of mineral water . 
 he took it out and drank the lot , placing the empty bottle back on the writing desk and noticing that his keitai was full with messages and that it was now 11:30 am . 
 his vision was fuzzy , so it took him a little time to notice the messages were all from kenichi , his business partner . 
 he selected the first and waited for it to load , noticing that it came with an attachment . 
 `` you made nhk news . 
 we have to talk '' mark read it over a few times , too terrified to open the attachment . 
 realizing that it was a video file , he thought the worst as he opened the file and watched a you tube video load . 
 the caption was in japanese and read : `` kujira o tabete iru gaijin '' -lrb- whale-eating foreigner -rrb- he played it reluctantly , terror racing through his veins as he watched himself gorging on whale meat , while laughing and drinking with mike . 
 the others came into view every now and then but kaori 's camera work was true , capturing her mark kun in all his glory , with his finger in the pie for the entire world to see . 
 he slunk to the bed and sat with his shoulders hunched over , the keitai held in two hands rested on his lap . 
 he was naked but did n't give a damn . 
 he opened the next text . 
 `` we have much trouble . 
 we have to talk '' and the next : `` nhk want an interview . 
 mark '' and the last : `` mark , where are you . 
 this is very bad ? '' 
 mark shook kaori gently on the shoulder . 
 `` kaori , kaori ... i have to ask you . '' 
 kaori awoke . 
 puffy faced , she rubbed her eyes , stretched and groaned . 
 `` nani ? '' 
 -lrb- what ? -rrb- 
 she asked in a little-girl voice . 
 `` the video , did you delete it ? '' 
 `` yes , of course . 
 why ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` it looks like it 's gone viral . '' 
 `` eh ? 
 viral ? 
 what is viral ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 said kaori , shaking her head in disbelief . 
 `` oh my god , how ? '' 
 `` your blog , mixi -- you said you deleted it . '' 
 `` well , i did , but i suppose someone could have downloaded while it was up . 
 i think more than ten million people use it , so i guess it was popular . '' 
 `` popular ? '' 
 mark pulled up yahoo japan on his keitai and did a search . 
 `` gaijin kujira '' the very first hit was him , on you tube . 
 `` fuck , this is bad ... this is very bad . '' 
 `` the video was up to 550 000 hits already and it was only just past 11.30 am . 
 realizing the scale of the problem , mark summoned the courage to call kenichi on the hotel 's landline . 
 `` hai , moshi moshi , tanaka desu . '' 
 -lrb- this is mr tanaka -rrb- `` kenichi , it 's mark here . 
 look i do n't know what to say . 
 i did n't know about the kujira . 
 i was drinking , you know ... ahh ... '' mark was lost for words as kenichi intervened . 
 `` mark , this is serious problem . 
 japanese tv , nhk -- they want to talk . 
 you are celebrity but ... you must to be very careful . '' 
 `` look , i just do n't know what to do ... i mean ... umm should i do it ... the interview i mean ? 
 ... is it in english ? '' 
 `` come to my office , '' demanded kenichi . 
 `` where are you now ? '' 
 `` where am i now ? '' 
 mark repeated , staring around the room . 
 `` where the fuck am i ? ' '' 
 he whispered angrily to himself . 
 he noticed stationery on the writing desk that read : umeda os hotel , sonezaki kita ku umeda . 
 `` ahh , umeda , '' he said loudly , almost yelling . 
 `` ok , ok , it is nearby . 
 are you at train station , mark ? '' 
 asked kenichi . 
 `` no , no , at a ... a hotel ... umm the umeda os hotel . '' 
 `` ah , i know it , it has good restaurant . 
 i will change to you . 
 we will have lunch , '' he stated , with no hint that this was merely a suggestion . 
 without questioning why he was there , or whom he was with , kenichi asked that mark wait there while he came to him . 
 `` how long will you be ? ' 
 asked mark , sitting naked , unshaven and in need of a shower and some sustenance . 
 `` i will walk . 
 my office is about fifteen minutes away . 
 what is room number ? '' 
 he asked . 
 again mark looked around , for a clue , finally putting his hand over the phone and asking kaori . 
 `` 505 , '' she whispered gently , as kenichi interrupted . 
 `` ok ... so does n't matter . 
 just let 's meet at restaurant saizeria ? 
 is next to the reception area , ok ? '' 
 `` yup '' , replied mark obediently . 
 `` in fifteen minutes , ok ? '' 
 he hung up , leaving mark holding an empty phone . 
 stopping in his tracks , mark fell silent for a moment , looking perplexed . 
 `` so , why are we at this hotel ? '' 
 he asked kaori . 
 `` too much karaoke ... we missed the last train , '' she said with a cheeky giggle . 
 *** mike had woken at about 10:00 am , spending an inordinate amount of time staring at some salt and pepper shakers on his kitchen table before managing to put together some breakfast . 
 he liked a slow start on a saturday . 
 he had enjoyed last night in and around osaka and decided that he was in a bit of an osaka mood . 
 he stood up from the table and walked over to his 3d flat-screen tv unit and cranked up his ipod dock , which was placed on a shelf to the side . 
 mark had introduced him to this band urufuzu years ago and mike had grown to love the home -- grown , osaka based rock outfit . 
 he danced momentarily , looking at his reflection in one of the glass windows of a side cabinet , but stopped when he realized that he resembled a top heavy and unstable pogo stick with a small beer belly covered with ridiculous pyjamas . 
 he promised himself yet again that he would stop drinking beer or join a gym or something , then felt better about his appearance as he assured himself it was only temporary . 
 mike took a long shower , emerging a new man , fresh and ready to waste the rest of the day . 
 he dressed in his favorite pair of crap jeans , then matched it with the shittiest t-shirt he had . 
 feeling well and truly ` at-home ' , he booted up his computer , singing along to urufuzu 's banzai as he waited . 
 using yahoo japan , mike did his first and most important internet task of the day -- his horoscope . 
 leo you will first start to notice the effects of this transit around saturday . 
 you will continue to experience this influence until sunday after which time it will rapidly diminish . 
 do you really mean what you are saying ? 
 can you really believe what you are hearing ? 
 are you really ready for what seems to be about to happen next ? 
 i may not have listed them in the right order but these are undoubtedly the questions you will be repeatedly asking yourself during this period . 
 the sky will finally facilitate a change that has been trying to take place for a very long time . 
 at an amazing speed , to an impressive depth , due to an almost uncanny convergence of coincidental circumstances , a new phase of your life will begin . 
 `` mmmm , '' thought mike . 
 `` happen next ... new phase ... mmmm . '' 
 not really enjoying the uncertainty of the forecast prediction for the day , mike decided to cut his celestial consultation short and check out the news at home . 
 he punched in an ` a ' and from the ` most-frequently-visited ' section , abc -lrb- australian broadcasting commission -rrb- popped up , allowing him to just select and click . 
 the headlines featured the same old recycled political rhetoric , so he scrolled straight down to the ` just-in ' sections and noticed that the whaling issue seemed to be escalating as greenseas began the annual chase-the-japanese-whaling-vessel mission around the pacific . 
 this jogged his memory and he revisited the events that took place last night at the restaurant . 
 remembering how tsubasa had fooled them into eating some whale meat , he wondered why the hell he had done it . 
 at home and safe in his shit clothes , mike did n't really give a damn about who was right and who was wrong , but he could n't help feel that none of that mattered to the whales . 
 the caption read : whales the real winners in david v goliath confrontation he started reading the article , which seemed to be arguing that no matter which side claimed the moral or ethical high ground , as long as the hunt was delayed , the whales were the winners . 
 mike let out an audible ` mmmm ' this time , as he noticed an odd-looking link to the right of the article . 
 there was a you tube link from a still-shot of a couple of men in suits , who appeared to be sitting at a table in a restaurant . 
 an idea stirred in his mind but quickly dissipated as the ripples of thought bounced off the sides of his hung-over head and back across to the other side , returning his brain to a numb sort of equilibrium as they cancelled each other out . 
 he looked again , this time reading the photo 's caption . 
 whale meat on the menu for online shopping entrepreneur he clicked the link immediately and knew it was about mark . 
 horrified , he replayed the video three more times , watching in despair as he saw mark 's business dreams fade further away with every mouthful of meat consumed . 
 *** mark was up and in the shower ahead of kaori . 
 he had explained the situation as best he could and was apologetic about taking off in a rush . 
 although she could n't quite work out what the fuss was all about , an important meeting with your business partner was as reasonable an excuse as you could come up with in japan to take off quickly . 
 dressed , showered and apologetic , mark tossed over ichiman en -lrb- ten thousand yen -rrb- to kaori to cover the room . 
 she threw it back , but without time to ` argue the toss ' , mark adjusted his tie and left the money at the foot of the bed . 
 `` ja , mata , denwa suru ne , '' -lrb- i 'll call you later , ok ? -rrb- 
 he said as he walked out the door towards the elevator . 
 the elevator announced mark 's arrival at the second floor as the doors opened to the lobby . 
 a balding businessman in a grey suit glanced at him momentarily as he walked past the reception desk then on to the restaurant . 
 the reception staff smiled at him and bowed slightly as he continued on , politely paying them no attention . 
 entering the doors of the restaurant , mark could see kenichi sitting on his own at a window table , smoking a cigarette . 
 mike smiled a little as he was happy to see someone who could help him make sense of this mess , but was a little worried about how this was going to go . 
 as mark arrived at the table , kenichi stood and greeted him . 
 `` ohaiyou gozaimasu , '' -lrb- good morning -rrb- he said quickly in a very serious tone . 
 mark responded with the same and they both sat . 
 the waiter came quickly and mark was glad to get his oshibori . 
 it was hot and refreshing on his forehead . 
 they both ordered salmon and miso soup , the waiter refilling their glasses of water before moving on . 
 `` this is big problem , '' started kenichi . 
 `` my company ... my father ... they are worried about this image . '' 
 `` i am so sorry , '' responded mark . 
 `` i did n't order it . 
 this guy ... umm tsubasa ... he was angry i think . '' 
 `` angry ? '' 
 interrupted kenichi . 
 `` well ... jon 's girlfriend was there . 
 she is with greenseas and she ... '' `` greenseas ! '' 
 exclaimed kenichi . 
 `` they are very large group , also in japan . '' 
 `` yes ... well , they argued about whaling and then after , at the restaurant , he ordered it and we did n't know , '' mark continued . 
 `` did she eat ? '' 
 asked kenichi . 
 `` well no ... she was n't there so ... '' `` what ? 
 not there ? '' 
 exclaimed kenichi . 
 `` no ... well she left after the argument , but i think ... tsubasa just wanted to make some foreigners eat whale . 
 you know ... a kind of payback after the argument , '' explained mark . 
 `` mark , you have to do better , '' lectured kenichi . 
 `` tsubasa ... who is he ? '' 
 `` i do n't really know him that well . 
 he 's a friend of jon 's , '' replied mark . 
 `` he and jon have some connection -- -- maybe some business connection , i 'm not really that sure . '' 
 `` so jon was also there ? 
 did he eat ? '' 
 asked kenichi . 
 `` well yeah ... he did but he ... i mean it was nothing to him . 
 this guy ... uumm ... tsubasa ... yamamoto , he ... '' kenichi cut mark off . 
 `` yamamoto ? '' 
 kenichi repeated . 
 mark 's keitai buzzed . 
 he looked at the screen and saw that it was mike but declined the call . 
 `` yes , he was yamamoto , tsubasa . '' 
 `` you know mark , this is so serious . 
 he is ... how to say ... '' mark 's heart raced as his keitai buzzed again . 
 he glanced down quickly , expecting mike , but was surprised to see his australian friend shannon from channel 12 on the screen . 
 he declined the call , but thought it strange . 
 `` does jon know him ? '' 
 asked kenichi while shaking his head , drawing breath and frowning . 
 `` what is connection ? 
 do you know ? '' 
 mark did n't really want to explain his suspicions but was finding it too difficult to defend jon . 
 he knew that he should have told kenichi yesterday but thinking it was better late than never , he decided to ` spill the beans ' . 
 `` look kenichi , there is some strange stuff going on with jon . '' 
 mark told kenichi about the drugs , marley and josh , the card connecting tsubasa to that seedy downtown apartment and jon 's new internet business . 
 this was the first time that mark had mapped out jon 's mess in his own mind and he started to see connections . 
 `` this is all at my house ? '' 
 sighed kenichi . 
 the question needed no answer , so mark just nodded then looked down . 
 `` yamamoto , '' continued kenichi `` is a friend of many yakuza . 
 his father , my father , are friends . 
 tsubasa is bad son ... he is spend , spend , spend father 's money . 
 his father stop money so ... tsubasa is need new business ... maybe he sells . '' 
 `` sells ? '' 
 questioned mark . 
 `` the drug , '' stated kenichi bluntly . 
 mark 's mind raced through the possibilities . 
 he realized that jon was either supplying tsubasa or selling for him . 
 he tried to see where marley , josh and kimberly were placed in all this but his concentration was broken as kenichi continued . 
 `` mark , mark ... are you listening ? 
 about the kujira : i think that maybe we can talk to nhk reporter together . 
 me and you . '' 
 mark was paying attention . 
 `` so ... you say , i just want to try . 
 it 's all . 
 just try and thank you ... it is taste like a fish or something and finish . 
 i think you can make some new friends in japan . 
 you are special foreign guy ... you know . 
 this could be good for you ... for nihon shyokuhin business . '' 
 without thinking things through , mark 's eyes lit up . 
 the plan sounded like it could net him a great deal of cash and a new role in the company . 
 `` yeah , i think that could be ok . 
 we just have to be sure that australian people do n't get the video . 
 they do n't care about japanese news , so i think maybe we are ok . '' 
 `` so , i will make a call to reporter . 
 we can maybe talk at my office on skype ? '' 
 concluded kenichi . 
 `` you know , mark , maybe my company can have a great benefit from this . '' 
 mark could n't help but feel that he was being pushed into this , but what could he do ? 
 there really was n't time to think . 
 he felt bad about not telling kenichi about jon earlier and he had to make sure that the nihon shyokuhin 's reputation remained in intact for his own sake . 
 *** josh had been woken at around 5:00 am . 
 he was n't entirely sure , but he was fairly certain that it was saturday . 
 he ate rice and some fish , washing it down with a bowl of cheap miso soup . 
 he put on some jeans that marley had brought along on her visit the day before , glad that remand prisoners were only required to wear the grey uniforms once sentenced . 
 although , he had been allowed a daily visit , with the exception of consular staff , he was not able to say anything that a prison guard could not understand and had to get permission to speak in english . 
 the guard took notes and sometimes stopped them when he did n't like the topic of conversation . 
 this made communication almost impossible with marley , who had visited every day . 
 they could n't mention any of the keitai friends , nor the drugs . 
 marley had told josh that she was thinking about leaving japan , as she was feeling uneasy about everything . 
 the possibility of a jail term for josh and the police breathing down her neck were ` doing her head in ' and she was finding it hard to cope . 
 all her friends had stopped calling and she was starting to feel isolated and vulnerable . 
 josh understood and was feeling the same . 
 the thought of losing his only reliable ` confidante ' was weighing heavily on his mind , particularly in light of his last conversation with the detective . 
 the choice had become clearer for josh and he was now ready to talk to the detective and escape to australia . 
 *** kenichi picked up the tab as he and mark left the restaurant at about 12:30 pm . 
 they rode the long escalator down to the first floor and exited the building , immediately turning left . 
 kenichi 's office was actually a few blocks up from the cantaloupe , so the area was familiar to mark once he had his bearings . 
 it was a sunny day and the temperature was in the mid-twenties . 
 as they arrived outside the naniwa central building , mark looked up and noticed several fluffy clouds floating by , low in the sky , lifting his spirits . 
 the elevator announced their arrival at the fifteenth floor , opening to a modern office and reception area . 
 the receptionist bowed politely as the two walked straight past and into kenichi 's office . 
 he made a call on his office landline from his desk while mark sat and waited on the client side of the desk . 
 picking up enough of the japanese conversation , mark was able to understand that kenichi was suggesting an appropriate couple of questions and an appropriate couple of answers . 
 mark was feeling a little manipulated but was fairly certain that this would work out well and that , in the end , he would come out ahead . 
 kenichi finished the call , then immediately booted up his computer as he talked to mark . 
 `` takenaka san will log on to skype and we can do this three-way , '' he announced . 
 he clicked a few times , while mark was left staring at the back of a computer screen . 
 he wondered what the hell he should say as takenaka san logged on . 
 `` atta , '' -lrb- it 's here -rrb- , he remarked , as he motioned for mark to come to the other side of the desk . 
 takenaka san 's headshot was on screen . 
 she was attractive and thirty-ish looking , presenting a serious face . 
 kenichi and mark appeared on the one screen . 
 `` konnichiwa , takenaka desu , '' -lrb- this is ms takenaka -rrb- said the reporter . 
 `` sore ja , eigo de hanashimashou ? '' 
 -lrb- shall we speak in english ? -rrb- 
 `` ok then , let 's begin , '' said kenichi in english . 
 `` so , mark , we have seen a you tube video of you eating kujira at a restaurant with your friends . '' 
 mark nodded . 
 `` do you do this often ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , that was the first time , '' answered mark confidently . 
 kenichi nodded in approval . 
 `` it is quite rare for a foreigner to eat whale meat . 
 are you ok ? 
 i mean , do you agree with eating whale meat ? '' 
 kenichi shuffled on his seat a little and looked at mark with a sincere and trusting sort of glare . 
 mark knew that the idea was to avoid getting bogged down in any of the moral or ethical issues surrounding whaling , so he carefully considered his answer . 
 `` well , '' he began . 
 `` i mean , i did n't really order it but i was ok with it . 
 it was fine and i enjoyed the taste . '' 
 both mark and kenichi were fine with the line of questioning so far and started to relax . 
 then , just like the time he appeared on tv in sydney , the reporter decided to throw one at him , from left of field . 
 `` so , do you agree that japanese people are ok to kill the whales to eat ? '' 
 kenichi looked surprised but ` kept his cool ' . 
 he looked at mark and nodded , motioning him to answer in the affirmative . 
 mark was n't so sure , though . 
 there would be no more ` fence-sitting ' if he answered in the affirmative , and to answer in the negative would entice the reporter to ask more questions that would alienate him from the japanese public . 
 he started to regret agreeing to the interview and looked at kenichi who , from the wings , was frantically urging him to answer . 
 too much time had elapsed and the reporter repeated . 
 `` are you ok for japanese people to kill whales and eat the whale meat ? '' 
 kenichi was now tearing his hair out and was on the verge of jumping in and taking over . 
 mark knew he had to say something . 
 `` umm ... well ... i know it is a tradition for japanese people and i think that probably a little is ok . '' 
 `` well that is a very flexible attitude for a foreigner , especially from australia . 
 so , thank you , i think many japanese people will agree with you . '' 
 kenichi breathed a huge sigh of relief . 
 she switched to japanese , thanking kenichi for the contact and advising him that the quick interview would air with other commentary regarding nihon shyokuhin in the evening news at six . 
 kenichi thanked her emphatically , mark also offering thanks . 
 `` arigatou , '' -lrb- thank you -rrb- he said as kenichi returned to his chair . 
 `` well , that was good for us mark , '' said kenichi . 
 mark was not so sure and was feeling a little uneasy about his comments , worried how the interview would look if it made its way back to australia . 
 `` well , if it does , at least kenichi and nihon shyokuhin would be off his back , as he had done them a great service today earning them good nationalistic coverage on a national network , '' he thought . 
 `` good for business means good for mark , '' he affirmed to himself . 
 he thought about what to do now that the two of them had managed to quell the crisis . 
 sitting back in his comfortable chair , mark stretched his arms about his head and yawned . 
 `` otsukare sama deshita , '' -lrb- you 've worked hard and must be tired -rrb- he said to kenichi as the latter took out his keitai and began checking all his messages . 
 kenichi made more calls , while mark relaxed . 
 *** the policeman at the koban in hachijo was finishing off some paperwork . 
 there had been a break-in at one of the new apartments near the shotengai this morning and he had attended the scene . 
 his phone buzzed and interrupted his train of thought . 
 `` hai moshi moshi , '' he answered . 
 although there was no one else present at the koban , he snapped to attention and listened obediently . 
 he had n't said a word as the call ended . 
 `` hai wakarimashita , '' -lrb- yes , i understand -rrb- he said as he hung up the phone . 
 he clicked on his two-way radio that was fastened to a cross-belt on his left-hand side , as he exited his little box under the subway and mounted his bicycle . 
 he headed off and up the shotengai in the direction of jon 's house to do a quick drive-by to check and see if there was anyone at home , before reporting back to the detective that had called . 
 as he rode past , he could see through an open window and noticed a man -- matching jon 's description -- and a woman , walking about the kitchen . 
 he continued on so as not to attract their attention , then turned right in order to do a loop back to the koban . 
 as he entered the shotengai from the side street , he almost ran into a short , tough-looking man wearing fluffy bunny slippers . 
 the man wore irezumi that stretched over most of his visible skin and was not afraid to yell at the policeman for being so inattentive . 
 he grabbed the front of the young policeman 's bicycle , nearly forcing him to fly forward over the handlebars . 
 the bicycle and the rider came to an abrupt halt . 
 `` where are you going in such a hurry ? '' 
 he said to the young policeman in japanese . 
 `` deferring to the much older gang member and trying hard to not show how intimidated he was , the policeman replied . 
 `` oh , just routine police business . 
 excuse me while i continue on , sir . '' 
 `` bullshit , you little bastard , '' continued the man . 
 `` he shook the bicycle . '' 
 `` i wonder what i might do tonight , '' mused the man in a playful , yet sinister voice . 
 the young policeman looked confused . 
 `` maybe a date ? 
 what is her name ? 
 she is so cute . 
 ah , that 's it , mae chan ... yes i will call on mae chan . '' 
 the policeman froze . 
 he had been at the koban long enough for the local yakuza to find out the names of his family members and did n't want this slime anywhere near his sister . 
 he weighed the odds and came to the conclusion that he would rather protect his sister 's privacy , in preference to a foreigner implicated in a drug-dealing operation . 
 `` what would it matter anyway ? 
 it 's was just some foreign guy , '' he thought . 
 `` ok ... ok , '' he said . 
 `` i am just checking to see if that foreigner is at home . 
 a detective had his name given to him by another foreign guy they are holding in jail . 
 that 's all -- just checking . '' 
 `` ah , you are the clever one -- but your sister is still very cute . 
 ja ogenki de . '' 
 -lrb- have a nice day -rrb- he let go of the handle-bars and the young policeman continued on back to the koban to make his report . 
 the man took out his keitai , immediately making a call . 
 *** jon was down in the dumps and just shuffled around the kitchen and living area , pouting . 
 kimberly was understanding , but was getting a little sick of it . 
 she continued on preparing a lunch for herself and for the now incapacitated jon . 
 he had been like this since last night -- since alison had dumped him -- and he was obsessing about it . 
 `` look jon , '' she said . 
 `` you 've got to snap out of this . 
 it was always going to happen . 
 you are different people . '' 
 jon did n't respond . 
 through the kitchen window , a passing bicycle quickly caught his attention but he quickly returned to obsessing about alison . 
 sitting in the living room he was stalking her facebook profile . 
 he noticed that she had already adjusted her status to ` single ' . 
 `` oh fuck , '' he exclaimed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 replied kimberly , a little alarmed by jon 's tone . 
 `` she 's changed her relationship status to single , '' he wailed . 
 `` jon , '' shouted kimberly . 
 `` just fucking get over it , you do n't need her . 
 look jon , i ca n't stand you at the moment . 
 i 'm going out soon and i am worried . 
 look , i 'm not here to look after you . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 do n't worry about me , '' he said in a low , controlled tone . 
 `` ok then ... look , i 'm going to go into shinsaibashi to do some shopping and i 'll be catching up with marley . 
 i 'll give you the latest when i get back ok ? '' 
 `` ok , '' replied jon in his monosyllabic best . 
 kimberly served lunch to jon , and then took hers to her room . 
 she ate quickly , showered , dressed then came down downstairs , leaving the dishes in the sink on the way out and left without saying goodbye . 
 *** mark left kenichi in the office and rode the elevator down to the first floor . 
 as the elevator announced his arrival , a call came through from australia . 
 `` hello shannon , i got your message but i have n't had a chance to read it . '' 
 `` well , you shoulda . 
 you are in the middle of a ` shit-storm ' and it 's getting worse . '' 
 `` well , i 'm fine thank you , how are you ? '' 
 he said playfully . 
 `` mark , it 's all over the news . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` look , it 's really none of my business , but how can eating whale at a restaurant be good for your new business , anyway ? '' 
 `` well ... yeah , but how ? 
 how did you know ? '' 
 `` the video at the restaurant . '' 
 `` oh shit . 
 it 's made it to australia -- already ? '' 
 `` yeah , according to postie ... remember that ? 
 ... well , they 're calling you the ` godzilla gourmet ' . 
 you can kiss your internet business goodbye . '' 
 `` well , thanks for letting me know , '' said mark sarcastically . 
 `` to tell you the truth , mark , the network is interested in an interview . 
 you know ... i get the finder 's fee thing . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , i understand . '' 
 `` well , do you want to defend your honour ? '' 
 `` look , i just did an interview with nhk over here and that went pretty well . 
 but to tell you the truth , we 've had a bit of a change of heart over here and the internet business is n't really that important any more . 
 i 'm just wondering if it 's worth doing an interview . '' 
 `` so , you do n't want to defend your honour , then ? '' 
 questioned shannon . 
 `` to tell you the truth , it 's not just the business at stake here , '' she continued . 
 `` hey , what do you mean ? '' 
 demanded mark . 
 `` well , do you want to be able to travel to australia freely ? '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` greenseas . 
 they 've posted your name . 
 this model , she jumped on the bandwagon -- alison someone -- got a ton of publicity for it . 
 it 's your name , mark . 
 you are greenseas ' environmental enemy number one . 
 it 's all over the news . '' 
 `` shit , '' well i just did an interview on skype ... uumm . 
 ... i 'll talk to some people here and get back to you . '' 
 he hung up , cutting shannon off and stood on the pavement , trying to collect his thoughts . 
 he was being pulled in so many directions and could n't see a clear path . 
 he thought a bit of downtime might be in order but was n't sure where he could go . 
 kaori was probably well and truly back on the way to her apartment in kyoto and there was no possibility of down-time at jon 's , with alison , tsubasa , drugs , the guy in jail , the porn business -- what the hell had he done to deserve all this ? 
 there was only mike . 
 mark remembered that he had received a few texts from him . 
 he checked through and was happy that mike had taken the time to warn him about things ; although the game had changed somewhat in the short space of time since mike had texted him . 
 nevertheless , it was good to have a true friend in the world , especially at a time like this . 
 he called him but he was not picking up , so he left a message and promised to be in touch . 
 remembering that he had left his luggage at jon 's , he decided to get over there and pick it up while he had time . 
 he was sure that mike would n't mind him staying a couple of days , so he decided to just pick up the luggage and check with mike later . 
 he walked along midosuji drive towards the kintetsu building and climbed up the walkway towards the jr station . 
 there was an entrance for the midosuji subway at the jr station . 
 if he changed at bentencho station he could ride the chuo line and get off at hachijo . 
 in thirty minutes , mark was walking down the familiar stairway that led to the shotengai and hachijo . 
 he paused at the bottom of the steps . 
 looking around , he was surprised to see kimberly walking past the koban a couple of metres in front of him . 
 he called out but she did n't hear . 
 mark ran towards her , calling out and attracting some attention . 
 she turned around as she heard him run up from behind . 
 `` hello then , '' she said in a friendly voice . 
 `` you never know who you are going to run into in downtown hachijo these days , '' joked mark . 
 the policeman in the koban noticed them through his little window , quickly looking down to avoid eye contact as they looked into the window . 
 `` on your way home , are you ? '' 
 asked mark . 
 `` yeah ... are you back , then ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` well , no actually . 
 just came to pick up the luggage i left here yesterday . 
 mike asked me to stay with him so i thought it might be a bit easier on you and jon . '' 
 mark thought it was just easier to lie than to say what kimberly had probably worked out for herself . 
 they both settled for this ` polite fiction ' as they walked on together towards the house , awkwardly swapping small talk until they arrived at the open door . 
 `` strange , '' said kimberly . 
 `` door 's not usually left open like that . '' 
 mark could see his luggage still stacked up next to the stairway . 
 `` this is kind of creepy . 
 is jon home ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` well , yeah , he should be ... jon , '' she yelled as she entered the genkan . 
 `` it 's chilly in here . '' 
 she called out jon 's name again but he did n't reply so kimberly scouted around , looking for him first in the living room and the kitchen . 
 not intending to stay , mark started to stack his luggage in the genkan area . 
 `` jon , jon , '' kimberly yelled as she doubled back past the genkan and then on towards jon 's bedroom . 
 `` must be asleep , '' she mumbled as she walked past . 
 she knocked on his door but he did n't answer . 
 she looked at mark cheekily as she slowly and quietly began to slide open the door for a peek . 
 mark turned his attention to the luggage , hauling the heaviest one into the genkan . 
 he lost eye contact with kimberly and when he turned back she was gone and the bedroom door was open . 
 he continued on with the luggage , stepping down into his shoes then lifted the suitcase out onto the street , stacking it all carefully so that he could wheel it all without having to carry anything on his shoulder . 
 `` ready to go , '' he thought . 
 `` but i better say goodbye . '' 
 he called out from the street , through the open door . 
 `` i 'll see you guys ... i better get going then . '' 
 no one answered , so he called out again . 
 still no one answered . 
 he paused for a while , contemplating leaving without saying goodbye , then reneged as he again entered the genkan and began taking off his shoes . 
 *** his flesh was cold to touch , the contrast heightening her awareness of the temperature of the first warm , salty tear . 
 it travelled down her cheek , slowly at first and then rolled over her quivering lips . 
 drawn between them by surface tension , the taste of the salty tear spread evenly along them . 
 she was numb , nothing more than a cold and objective realization that he was not alive occupying her thoughts , suppressing for the moment the outpouring of barely controllable emotion that she was temporarily able to contain . 
 she touched his hair and entertained the idea that his spirit was lingering and watching her . 
 she glanced at his body . 
 he was leant forward in a kneeling position , upright with his arms slumped to the side , a wire wrapped around his neck . 
 the wire supported his weight and was stretched out from the top of the weights bar of his exercise table , suspending him in an upright position . 
 his head was cocked to one side , expressionless , motionless -- neck broken . 
 she focused on his eyes , glazed and still . 
 suddenly she snapped into an abrupt sense of reality , the gravity of which began to grow in her mind , larger and louder . 
 a typhoon of emotion overwhelmed her as mark walked into the room . 
 she burst into tears , gasping for breath as she sobbed erratically . 
 he looked around the room . 
 it was spotless . 
 jon 's laptop was on and displaying a message . 
 dazed , he walked over and noticed that it was from alison to jon 's ` in-box ' . 
 it read : `` jon , i ca n't be with you . 
 you 've changed too much and i know you will never get out of japan . 
 i do n't love you any more , please forget me . '' 
 mark did n't read any more , nor did he browse through jon 's account . 
 it was sacred , now , as the events could not be erased . 
 it belonged to jon . 
 a keitai denwa was placed in a full glass of water on a desk in jon 's room . 
 the room itself seemed cold and there was a disturbing sense of some kind of presence . 
 he walked over and placed his hand on kimberly 's shoulder as she sobbed , face down on the tatami mat floor . 
 she gradually rose as mark embraced her then hugged her as hard as he could . 
 a salty tear rolled down his cheek and fell back to earth . 
 finally releasing each other , mark took out his keitai and made a call to kenichi . 
 epilogue mark stayed that night at mike 's apartment . 
 kenichi had taken over the organization of jon 's affairs out of a sense of obligation , as the death occurred at the house that he owned . 
 still , he was n't exactly communicative and he made it clear that mark 's business association with him was over . 
 kimberly stayed with marley that night . 
 she managed to deal with alison , who was pretty much in shock , but after that mark and mike did n't hear from kimberly or alison again -- they just sort of disappeared . 
 mark and mike drank beer that night and speculated into the early hours of the morning as to whether it was murder or suicide . 
 mark did manage to contact kenichi a couple of days later and found that the official police version of events was suicide . 
 they did n't keep in contact . 
 the investigation was conducted by local police , probably the young policeman at the koban at the end of the shotengai . 
 according to mike , not much was made of the death in local foreigner circles . 
 he heard that people were nervous talking about it . 
 with no job and no reputation , mark drifted for a week or so , using mike 's apartment as a base before deciding to leave japan for good . 
 mike was happy to get a text from him a couple of months later . 
 he was in papua new guinea , working for an aid organization and he was happy . 
 he found the job through one of mike 's contacts in australia . 
 kaori was glad to hear that he was doing ok . 
 *** i dedicate this ebook to my old friend jon good , esq. . 
 oppressor of champions soldier of fortune world traveller bon vivant all round good guy international lover casual hero philosopher a legend in his own time wars fought bears wrestled equations solved tigers castrated orgies organized bars quaffed dry governments run test rockets flown gene pools enriched user friendly trends set cigars savored a man for all seasons charlatans unmasked part-time oracle vaccines proven rest in peace my friend . 
