 the last big one by dan anthony published online in 2014 by dan anthony productions limited , 22 charlton place , pembroke dock , sa72 6ay , uk . 
 smashwords edition . 
 published by dan anthony at smashwords . 
 © copyright : dan anthony 2014 dan anthony asserts his moral rights under the copyright , designs and patents act , 1988 to be identified as author of this work . 
 all rights reserved . 
 no part of this book may be reproduced , stored in a retrieval system , or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic , electrostatic , magnetic tape , mechanical , photocopying , recording or otherwise without permission from the above publishers . 
 cover design : eifion jenkins -lrb- www.eifionjenkins.co.uk -rrb- ` there was things which he stretched , but mainly he told the truth . ' 
 mark twain , the adventures of huckleberry finn table of contents 1 . 
 spartan 2 . 
 missile 3 . 
 serious sally 4 . 
 c.c.c. 5 . 
 back home 6 . 
 night running 7 . 
 parchman farm 8 . 
 preston 9 . 
 horses 10 . 
 the letter 11 . 
 training 12 . 
 mistakes 13 . 
 dexter 14 . 
 riding for the man himself 15 . 
 racing 16 . 
 the human boomerang 17 . 
 solitary 18 . 
 the last big one 19 . 
 the end acknowledgments about the author 1 . 
 spartan i am not writing this story so that one day i can read it and be reminded of what happened . 
 i know what went on and there are times , even now , when i 'd rather forget . 
 i 'm writing this down because i was asked to by serious sally . 
 she wants me to put it on the record for mad keith who keeps forgetting things . 
 she tells me that the knowledge of the story , locked somewhere in the back of his mind , frustrates him and he ca n't concentrate on anything for days . 
 i suppose it began with the knife . 
 or maybe it was when we moved from the big city to the new place . 
 my dad kept saying things were going to be different in a small town way out west . 
 the new place was by the sea , it did n't have a big roads , it did n't even have its own buses . 
 it was just rows and rows of little grey houses and one great big dock . 
 instead of motorways it had a wide , deep estuary and on the water there were oil tankers -- big ones . 
 i guess that if i had n't had the knife nothing else would have happened the way that it did . 
 it was the knife , not the place , that kicked things off ; perhaps it was the place that finished them . 
 we had n't been in the new town long , just a couple of weeks . 
 my folks said it would be quieter in the flying boat than it had been at the greyhound , back in the city , less of a strain . 
 dad and mum ran pubs . 
 we 'd lived in wolverhampton , birmingham , where dad was from , telford , where i was born , manchester : ` you name it we 've pubbed it ' , that 's what dad used to say . 
 the last place had been up north and it was the biggest . 
 if you include security , we had seventeen people on the books . 
 it was in a massive estate called the meadowlands . 
 it sounded pretty , but it was n't . 
 no matter how often you repeated the word , there were no meadows . 
 with that pub came a shed-load of trouble , if you know what i mean . 
 in the end my dad could n't take it anymore . 
 he started to get sick , or sicker than he already was . 
 so he and mum went for a change of scene ; a big one . 
 the flying boat was a little pub , in a terrace of houses , on the side of the main road . 
 twice a day the windows used to rattle as the lorries zoomed past to catch the ferry or to drive away . 
 we sold beer and meals to working men from the port , business people stopping by while they waited for the ferry and a fair few gamblers who spent their days flipping from our pub to the bookies just around the corner . 
 the flying boat was n't what you 'd call a place for fine-dining people , our punters were eaters . 
 that 's what dad called them : ` got to feed the eaters ' , he 'd say . 
 i 'd help out in the evenings . 
 it was one of the eaters who gave me the knife . 
 i 'd just finished collecting up the glasses from the table . 
 there was a man , maybe about thirty-five years old . 
 his face was brown and his nose was crooked , like it had been broken , more than once . 
 he wore a tight t-shirt stretched across his chest . 
 his arms were thick and strong and he had a tattoo of a dragon coiling all the way up one of them . 
 he had long straight black hair . 
 i thought he looked very mean so i tried not to look at his eyes as i collected up his stuff . 
 i knew my mum would have her eye on him , she 's got what dad used to call ` a good sense of trouble ' if you know what i mean . 
 i took his empty plate . 
 he held his steak knife in his hand and picked the dirt from underneath his nails with it . 
 he made me wait for him to finish . 
 ` put the knife down , do n't be so disgusting , ' shouted my mum from the bar . 
 the man looked at her , then me . 
 he frowned and tossed the knife onto the plate . 
 then he pulled something from his pocket and flicked it open . 
 he started to pick again with his own knife . 
 ` i do n't want any knives in this public house , ' said my mum from the bar . 
 a few of the other men turned and looked . 
 things went quiet . 
 the man smiled . 
 he handed me the flick knife . 
 ` bring me another beer , ' he said . 
 i could feel the knife in my hand , it felt heavy , strong . 
 ` do you want me to take this ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` it 's nothing , ' said the man . 
 i collected up his glasses . 
 i could see his other arm had a tattoo on it too . 
 it was a horseshoe and under it was the name ` spartan ' . 
 he must have sensed the fact that i was loitering over his empty plate , trying to read his arms . 
 he grabbed mine . 
 ` it was nothing , boy . 
 now fetch me a beer before i break your arm . ' 
 i took his plate and the empty glasses and hurried back with his drink . 
 the flying boat inn was n't a crazy place , not like the greyhound , it was steady . 
 between about six and eight , my mother would serve up beef dinners and pies : after that , there were just a few regulars who came in to drink and play pool , watch sky tv and smoke out the back . 
 when i 'd finished serving the dinners my mum asked me about the knife . 
 i said i 'd put it safe in the kitchen then i went upstairs to see dad . 
 he 'd been in bed all day . 
 dad was sitting with his pillows plumped up , listening to music on radio 2 and reading his copy of the racing post . 
 when he saw me he smiled . 
 he put the paper down and i sat on the bed . 
 he said he was feeling better . 
 he had two visits from the nurse every day . 
 he laughed , he was always laughing . 
 he reckoned that , although we 'd only been there for a couple of weeks , he 'd sorted out a nice routine . 
 every morning he 'd give the nurse his tips and a tenner and every evening she 'd come back with his winnings -- if there were any . 
 and there usually were . 
 dad knew horse racing inside out . 
 when he was well , when i was about ten , he sometimes took us all out to the races . 
 i never understood it myself . 
 a horse to me was like a big , dumb dog . 
 why would you carry someone around on your back if you were n't a bit cracked ? 
 ` you looking forward to school tomorrow ? ' 
 he asked . 
 i could see he was getting tired : his eyes were closing . 
 ` first day , clint , got to make a good impression on your first day . ' 
 when he was tired his voice just sort of faded out , as if someone was turning down his volume . 
 when dad wanted to sleep -- he did n't hang around . 
 i said that i was , although i ca n't say i was really looking forward to going to school again . 
 dad smiled , he said : ` another day another deutschmark . ' 
 he was always saying things like that . 
 he had these little expressions . 
 then he fell asleep . 
 - - - my mum said that the school , which was the only one in the town , would be much different from my last . 
 but i was n't taking any chances . 
 in my last school you had to be smart or you got into two types of trouble : with the teachers or with the kids . 
 although the teachers could n't hit you , they could make your head hurt with their reports and their detentions and their attitude , if you know what i mean . 
 that 's what got me , their attitude . 
 it was as if they all thought that they were great -- like they 'd won the champions league -- when really i knew that they were people who could n't do anything else but hang around in my crappy school shouting at crappy kids like us . 
 why would anybody with anything about them want to do that for a living ? 
 ` those who ca n't do , teach ; those who ca n't teach , drink , ' dad used to say as he polished his pint glasses . 
 i 'd just gone into year eight when i realised something : that teachers knew how to wind you up , to mess with your mind , to rile you and to get you mad . 
 they liked doing that to kids who they did n't appreciate , ones like me . 
 for them it was like a game . 
 they 'd make a kid mad , watch him flip and then -- bop -- put him on report , expel him or even get the cops onto him . 
 i never let them get to me , although i made a few mistakes . 
 the dangerous kids , the ones who were smart enough not to get caught , just kind of held back . 
 they did n't say anything to stand out . 
 those were the ones who gave out the violence . 
 we had all sorts in the last school : kick boxers , cage fighters , martial arts experts , guys with death stars , nunchuks , dusters and knives , guns and ammunition . 
 the only way to stop these guys from cutting you up was to look like you were with them -- so you might take a flick knife along just to show that you were no pushover . 
 it usually worked . 
 you learned pretty quickly how to stay out of trouble . 
 i do n't think my last school had a very good reputation -- they do say that it was one of the worst in the country -- which in some ways is quite an achievement . 
 at least we were good at something . 
 so on day one in the new school i packed my new flick knife from the spartan guy . 
 it was too dangerous to leave lying around in the kitchen . 
 i arrived in school , clean and neat with an entirely new uniform . 
 the teachers all said how nice it was to have me there . 
 i even went to see the head teacher . 
 she said it was a pleasure to meet me . 
 she was n't like my old head . 
 she had clear blue eyes and a strong smile . 
 i liked her . 
 i liked everything about the place . 
 she said they 'd fitted me into a good class . 
 and it was . 
 it was a good laugh . 
 nobody in my class tried anything on and the teachers seemed to actually like the kids . 
 i remember sitting at my desk thinking : ` this is different ' . 
 in break nobody came to put one over . 
 the boys even asked me if i 'd like to play football with them ; and , when i said yes , they asked me which side i 'd like to be on . 
 in my old school we were n't allowed footballs because they got put through windows . 
 it happened in the lesson after break . 
 it was maths . 
 the teacher , mr podcast , or podster , or -- ` pod ' something-or-other podmore i think , anyway -- the pod guy had just said how nice it was to have me there . 
 he 'd asked me what i thought of maths and i 'd said something dull like , ` it 's all right ' . 
 i was n't very good at maths . 
 he played a trick and said : ` eight sevens ' and i said , without really thinking : ` fifty-six ' . 
 he smiled and nodded , then he said : ` nine twelves ' and i said : ` one hundred and eight ' . 
 the kids laughed -- they thought i was cool . 
 i took my jacket off . 
 the room was on the second floor and the windows looked straight at the sun . 
 i was getting hot . 
 ` eight thirteens , ' said the maths teacher . 
 the teacher laughed out loud when i said : ` one hundred and four . ' 
 i told him i was good at numbers because i worked in the pub adding things up all the time . 
 what i was n't so good at was maths , if you see what i mean . 
 school maths is different . 
 i hung my jacket on the back of my chair and then it happened . 
 i 'd taped the flick knife onto my arm under my shirt , just in case . 
 because it was hot in that room with the sun coming in and because i was maybe moving my arm around a lot talking to this maths teacher , the tape slipped and the knife fell off . 
 it landed on the desk . 
 the teacher picked it up . 
 he was a young guy . 
 maybe about twenty-five . 
 he wore a blue suit and a shirt with no tie . 
 he had little black eyes and a sort of smiley , pasty face -- like he ate a lot of chips . 
 he looked at the knife . 
 he did n't know what it was . 
 so i showed him . 
 i flicked it and it flicked . 
 the teacher and everybody in the room gasped . 
 it was as if i 'd pulled a shrunken head out of my lunchbox . 
 ` oh my god , ' said the teacher . 
 his hand was shaking as he took the knife . 
 ` what 's this ? ' 
 i took the blade off him . 
 ` a flicky , ' i said . 
 the teacher stepped back almost as if he thought i was going to have a go . 
 i could see the circumferences of his eyeballs . 
 before you could say ` nine fourteens ' i was back in the smiley head teacher 's room , except this time her face was sad , but not really angry . 
 she called my mum on the phone . 
 then she spoke to me , and , without actually getting mad , she told me that they had never had a knife in the school , let alone in a maths class . 
 she said that she was extremely concerned not to let the standards in the school slip and that it was a regrettable fact that she would n't be able to allow me back , given my track record . 
 i found myself back home . 
 mum went mad with me . 
 she took the knife away and she cried . 
 ` i did n't know they were going to expel me , ' i said . 
 ` they ca n't expel me -- they have to put me on report first . ' 
 ` if you were a normal kid that would be true , ' she said . 
 ` but the statements from the old school say that you 're already trouble . ' 
 mum just went on about how this was supposed to be a new start , how she 'd told me not to keep the knife and how i could n't be trusted . 
 so far dad had hardly got out of bed and i 'd spent precisely three hours thirty-three minutes in my new school . 
 life in this town appeared to be just like all the others . 
 it was smaller , with a lot of oil tankers hanging around in the background , but i was still in trouble . 
 i did n't say anything . 
 i just tried to help out in the bar but she told me to go away . 
 later , i went up to see dad . 
 he was in bed , half-asleep . 
 he opened his eyes when i came in and he pushed himself up on the bed . 
 he asked me what the trouble was . 
 i told him as best i could . 
 he just smiled and said that i was ` mad , bad and dangerous to know ' . 
 that was another one of his expressions . 
 he closed his eyes and went back to sleep . 
 i said goodnight . 
 2 . 
 missile the next day dad died . 
 the nurse had visited in the morning . 
 she came downstairs and she looked really scared . 
 she was n't much older than me . 
 she told us to call an ambulance . 
 but they could n't save him . 
 when we came back to the pub in the evening that spartan and some of the other contractors were waiting for their dinners . 
 i thought mum would close the pub . 
 but she did n't . 
 she could n't . 
 the front door had already been opened and they were already in there . 
 the flying boat was always open . 
 ` if we stop now , we 're in real trouble , ' she said . 
 ` he would n't of wanted us to stop . 
 we 've got to keep going . ' 
 so we got to work at the bar and served the dinners . 
 i took the plates out , collected the glasses . 
 mum did her best to work at the bar . 
 people asked her what the matter was . 
 she told them . 
 they tried to help her . 
 the only guy in the place who gave me the creeps was spartan . 
 when i took his pint glass he grabbed my arm again . 
 ` boy , ' he said , ` i 'm sorry about your dad . ' 
 i looked at the bar ; mum was sitting on a stool talking to a woman at on the other side . 
 i could see she was crying . 
 i looked at spartan ; he still looked mean . 
 i shrugged my shoulders . 
 ` i want you to do something for me , ' he said , still gripping my arm . 
 ` what ? ' 
 i said . 
 ` i gave you a present , boy , the least you could do is tell me your name . ' 
 ` clint , ' i said . 
 ` clint southgate . ' 
 ` well here 's a fiver for your trouble , ' said the man . 
 i took the note . 
 ` now , ' said the man , ` you 're in here a lot , helping your mum and that . 
 so you hear all kinds of stories i would think . ' 
 ` not really , ' i said . 
 ` i just collect the glasses and bring out the dinners . ' 
 he squeezed my arm , i could feel his fingers pressing into my flesh . 
 ` i 'll snap you in two like a chicken bone , ' he said , keeping an eye on the bar . 
 ` i want you tell me if you hear anything about a horse . ' 
 ` a horse ? ' 
 i said . 
 maybe it was too loud . 
 mum looked over from the bar . 
 ` hurry up with those dishes , clint , ' she said . 
 ` you catch me in here -- or if i 'm not around call this number . ' 
 he squeezed a piece of card into my hand . 
 as i walked back into the kitchen with the empty plate i sighed with relief . 
 if the man had asked about anything else i might have been in trouble . 
 but a horse ? 
 apart from my dad , who read the racing post every day of his life , i did n't know anyone who knew anything about horses . 
 remember , to me a horse was just a big dopey lump of meat that some people say finishes up in pies . 
 my mum says they 're a waste of money . 
 it was just my dad that said horse racing was ` the sport of kings ' . 
 if you 're interested in my opinion , i liked cars for racing and skateboards for riding . 
 i 'd learned to drive in the city . 
 we used to race around the meadowlands and give the cops a run for their money . 
 it was only when i got the dishes back to the kitchen that i looked at the piece of paper spartan had given me . 
 alexi , the chef , was frying sausages in a big , black frying pan . 
 ` stack them plates in the washer and do it proper this time , ' he said without taking his eyes off the sausages . 
 but i 'd put the plates down next to the sink . 
 alexi took his eyes off the sausages and looked at me fiddling with my note . 
 his fat round face looked like a sausage , sweating in the heat . 
 ` what you got boy ? 
 another note from the school ? 
 they gonnna lock you up and throw away the key . ' 
 i did n't like alexi much . 
 he was cocky , with no reason . 
 he was old , he was n't really a proper chef and he stole meat from the freezer . 
 we just kind of found him when we took over the pub . 
 he was the one who kept opening up . 
 on day one we walked in and heard this noise in the kitchen . 
 when mum looked in there he was already oiling up his pan . 
 because dad was ill and we did n't know anybody in the town she decided to keep him on . 
 so he just carried on cooking . 
 the men seemed to like his food , but mum said he nuked the vegetables and dad could n't eat his stuff . 
 ` manna from heaven , or in our case -- alexi ' , dad would say when he saw a plate of sausage , peas , chips and gravy ; or beef dinner , or pork dinner or his other one , chicken dinner . 
 ` bung ’em in the machine and get out , i 'll call when i want service , ' snapped alexi wiping sweat from the tip of his nose . 
 ` we got ta keep going . ' 
 but i was n't listening ; i was turning this little note from spartan over in my hand . 
 spartan 's phone number was written in blue pen on the back of a bookmaker 's ticket . 
 i could see from it that spartan had put ten pounds on a horse called deputy dog earlier that day . 
 he obviously had n't won . 
 he had , however , written another name on the ticket : the name was missile . 
 that must have been the name of the horse he was interested in . 
 at the time i could n't understand why he 'd picked on me . 
 all i knew was that a very big guy -- with a red and green dragon crawling up one arm and the name spartan stamped on the other -- had asked me to look out for a horse called missile . 
 it made me feel important and it stopped me thinking about dad . 
 ` go on , get out , ' said alexi , then he changed his mind . 
 ` here , plate up these sausages . 
 do n't give ’em too many chips . ' 
 it was only at the end of the day , when we locked the door of the pub , that me and mum realised how horrible things were . 
 my mum cried . 
 i said for her not to worry . 
 i ca n't believe this now , but i said everything would be ok . 
 when i got to bed l could n't sleep . 
 it was all too sudden . 
 i did n't cry , i did n't feel sorry for me and mum . 
 i just wanted to see dad again and at the time it did n't really feel as if he 'd gone . 
 in the end i got to sleep by thinking about spartan 's missing horse . 
 3 . 
 serious sally i do n't really remember very much about the next few days , other than the fact that the pub only opened because alexi kept arriving for work . 
 mum got up late . 
 she wandered around the bar in a kind of daze . 
 i cleaned the glasses and changed the barrels and did as much as i could . 
 so when the social worker came to talk about me and the fact that i did n't have a school to go to , mum just kind of nodded . 
 we were in the bar , sitting in the chairs near the pool table . 
 ` i know this is a bad time , ' the social worker kept saying . 
 ` well that makes three of us , ' i said . 
 ` i know , ' said the social worker , ` this is a bad time . 
 but we do need to look after you , clint . ' 
 i did n't think i needed looking after . 
 i thought my mum was the one who needed some help . 
 it would have been nice if the social worker had washed a few glasses and told alexi to stop nicking the belly pork . 
 ` i 'm afraid there really is no chance of getting him back into the school and the other comprehensives in the county have all responded negatively . 
 they simply do n't have room for someone with clint 's special requirements . ' 
 that made me feel mad . 
 i did n't have any special requirements . 
 all that had happened is that i 'd spooked a maths teacher with a knife given to me by a loony looking for a horse . 
 ` i 'm not listening to this , ' i said . 
 my mum kind of shivered and drank some white wine . 
 ` please , clint , ' she said , ` do n't go off on one . ' 
 i sat in my chair and gritted my teeth . 
 ` i know this is a bad time , ' said the social worker , ` and i have come up with a temporary solution . 
 none of the schools in the area are prepared to take clint on . 
 he 's got a serious record of anti-social behaviour . 
 quite apart from his most recent incident , which occurred after being in school for just a couple of hours . ' 
 ` three hours and thirty-three minutes , ' i said . 
 ` precisely . ' 
 the social worker flashed a thin smile ; she went on , almost as if to prove that she knew more about me than me . 
 ` he 's been in trouble before , he 's been cautioned for driving under-age , without a licence , he 's been in trouble in school for non-attendance and , most worryingly , for his attitude . ' 
 ` that 's crap , ' i said . 
 ` the teachers were the ones with the attitude . 
 the only reason why they said that was because i did n't fall for their games . 
 i never hit one of them . 
 i never even shouted at one of them . 
 i never did anything to any of them . 
 who said i had an attitude ? ' 
 ` i ca n't go into specifics , ' said the social worker . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 ` look , ' she said , ` i think we all need to calm down . 
 i have found you a new place , clint . ' 
 ` bully for you , ' i said . 
 i remember looking at my mum . 
 she 'd stopped listening . 
 she was staring out of the window . 
 ` it 's a place at the child conduct centre . 
 it 's a kind of halfway house for young people who 've had difficulty adjusting to education in the mainstream . 
 you 'll do well there and i 'm sure i 'll be able to find you a place in the mainstream -- probably before the term 's out . 
 you just need to prove yourself , clint . ' 
 i knew what a child conduct centre was . 
 the kids in my last school who were too stupid not to get caught ended up in the c.c.c. -- lots of them . 
 ` the c.c.c. is a dive full of losers , wasters and nutters , ' i said . 
 ` is that what you think i am ? ' 
 ` i know this is a difficult time , ' said the social worker . 
 ` it 's not ideal , but to be frank it 's the only place we 've got left . 
 and i ca n't leave a teenage boy in a pub all day . ' 
 ` why not ? ' 
 i asked , ` my mum needs all the help she can get . ' 
 something must have flipped with mum . 
 maybe she did n't like me talking about her . 
 perhaps she did n't like what i 'd said . 
 she kind of woke up . 
 ` you 'll go where she says . 
 you stole the knife , you took it to school , you 'll do what you 're told . 
 we ca n't change anything now . ' 
 - - - mum said the funeral would be correct . 
 and i suppose it was . 
 mr watkins , the undertaker , was very old-fashioned . 
 we sat with him in his little grey office on bush street , just opposite the dry cleaners . 
 on the walls of his little office he had pictures of black cars and funeral processions . 
 there was no computer on his desk , just a big black book in which he wrote the details : the name of the deceased , his place of birth , whether he would be cremated or buried , where we would like his ashes to rest . 
 he 'd asked us what dad was like . 
 i could tell my mum did n't know what to say . 
 it was a stupid question . 
 she was trying to be polite , to answer all the questions , but what do you say when someone asks you what your dead husband was like ? 
 she mentioned that he liked the horses . 
 mr watkins , who already looked pretty dead to me - like he was advertising being a corpse , sat up . 
 his drooping shoulders suddenly filled up his dusty old grey jacket . 
 a strange smile cracked across his skinny jaw and his sunken brown eyes began to twinkle . 
 ` would you consider a traditional funeral cortege ? ' 
 he asked . 
 mum and i did n't really know what he meant . 
 ` i 've got a horse-drawn carriage , a real hearse , ' he said . 
 ` i keep it for nostalgic reasons . 
 it wo n't cost you any more , it 's just that if you 'd like to do things properly , in the old-fashioned way , i 'd be delighted to oblige . 
 these days most people prefer the black limo . 
 but in your case : would n't a horse-drawn affair be more suitable ? 
 i know which one i 'd prefer . ' 
 mum said that she supposed it might . 
 mr watkins , suddenly started talking about all the things we could have , as if we were sitting in a travel agent 's buying a holiday . 
 he had a black carriage and he knew where he could find a black horse . 
 he said he could get mourners along to lend dignity and gravitas to the procession and that he thought a lot of people would want to come . 
 he said that people in this town liked funerals . 
 he said that even though dad had n't been here long , a lot of the punters from the pub would come along to show respect . 
 and then there were friends and relations from back home . 
 mr watkins looked chuffed to bits : he even said that the he would dig out his old plumes of black feathers . 
 he told us not to worry -- this funeral was going to be special . 
 to be honest , me and my mum did n't care . 
 she thought dad would like a horse . 
 so we had the traditional funeral . 
 on the day , i found myself walking down the high street in this little town , overlooking the oil tankers , behind a black hearse drawn by a single black horse with huge black feathers stuck to its head . 
 mr watkins the undertaker , tall and thin , walked at the front of the procession ; he wore a black suit with long dracula tails and a black top hat . 
 he walked proudly in front of the carriage and we walked sadly behind it . 
 the carriage was driven by a woman . 
 that was serious sally , she was the one who lent the black horse . 
 behind that there were , as mr watkins promised , a lot of people -- a proper parade of boozers , betters and brothers . 
 we tramped and clopped down diamond street . 
 there were a few passers-by around . 
 some of them stopped and watched . 
 a couple of old men took their caps off . 
 but the kids playing on their boards on the corner of kelpie street just carried on grinding the kerbs . 
 i felt weird , almost as if i was acting in a play . 
 i was dressed from head to toe in black . 
 i had my new black school trousers on , my black blazer -lrb- minus the school badge -rrb- and a black shirt with a black tie . 
 i had black socks on and i even had black boxers on . 
 i could n't have been blacker . 
 after we 'd gone into the church on the corner of charlton place and sung the songs and prayed , there was some time while mum and the relations waited in the little yard outside . 
 they puffed on their fags and looked at the ground . 
 they had to wait for mr watkins to load the coffin into the hearse . 
 he said that the crem was too far off to get to in the traditional way . 
 i did n't want to talk to anyone . 
 the guys who visited our pub kept slapping my back and telling me how sorry they were , as if i 'd lost a game of football . 
 my uncles and aunties from back home just kept crying and making me feel that the whole world had come to an end . 
 i just wanted to be on my own . 
 everything had happened too quickly . 
 i did n't know what was going on : i was in a strange town , full of weird people , i 'd been slung out of school and i was burying my dad . 
 i still did n't believe it was real . 
 i stepped out onto the street in front of the church and stood at the street corner , the junction of bush street and charlton place . 
 that 's where i first got a glimpse of serious sally . 
 she was unbuckling the straps that held the black horse to the black carriage . 
 i can remember the moment as if it had only just happened . 
 sally was wearing a black skirt , a black jacket and black shirt , her boots were black , her hat was black . 
 she probably had black knickers and a black bra on . 
 but she was n't totally black . 
 her hair , which was tied in a tight bun , was red . 
 ` you must be clint , ' she said . 
 ` i must be , ' i said . 
 i walked a bit closer . 
 ` he 's called blackie , ' she said . 
 ` not very original , ' i said . 
 ` do you want to pat him ? ' 
 ` i 'm not seven , ' i said . 
 ` go on , ' she said . 
 ` he 's not going to bite . ' 
 so i patted the horse on its head . 
 just a bit . 
 the horse lifted his head . 
 it was huge , it had watery , black eyes that looked straight at me . 
 ` i hate funerals , ' she said . 
 ` so do i , ' i said . 
 then i asked her about blackie . 
 she told me she had a stable . 
 she 'd been mad about horses since she was a girl . 
 then she laughed . 
 ` god knows how long ago that was . 
 i just like horses . 
 old blackie here 's no good to anyone now . 
 he 's knackered after pulling this carriage around town . ' 
 she patted blackie . 
 ` i was given this one , ' she said . 
 ` it was a case of living with me or a funeral of his very own . ' 
 she laughed again . 
 ` you can come out to see him if you like , ' she said . 
 i looked at her , dressed all in black and standing tall next to the horse in the street full of grey terraced houses . 
 ` i do n't like horses , ' i said . 
 ` that 's not the point , ' she said . 
 ` they like you , i can tell . ' 
 then she put her hand on my shoulder . 
 oh no , i thought , another pat on the back . 
 ` are you all right ? ' 
 she asked . 
 i did n't say anything . 
 i patted blackie again . 
 then there was a shout from outside the church . 
 everyone was ready to go to the crematorium . 
 ` thanks , ' i said , ` for doing the driving . ' 
 she smiled and i hurried back to the others . 
 then i turned . 
 i do n't really know why . 
 the question just kind of came out . 
 it was as if i 'd been thinking about it all day without ever realising it . 
 i ran back to sally as she led blackie out of the carriage . 
 ` listen , ' i said . 
 ` have you ever come across a horse called missile -- or something like that ? 
 maybe , a racehorse . ' 
 i said helpfully . 
 something changed in sally , almost as if a switch had been flicked : she became serious and old like a teacher or my mum . 
 then she looked furious , like spartan . 
 she grabbed me by the arm . 
 i tried to pull away . 
 but she was strong and quite a lot bigger than me , it 's hard to believe now , but when i was fourteen , i was a small kid -- small and fast , if you know what i mean . 
 ` whoever it is that 's put you up to this -- you can tell them to get lost . 
 and so can you , you lousy little creep . ' 
 and she shoved me away , so hard that my back slammed into the wall . 
 i called out to her as she led blackie away . 
 but she did n't look back . 
 i brushed myself down and went back to join the others cursing myself for getting on the wrong side of her . 
 4 . 
 c.c.c. . 
 at first i did n't feel bad about dad . 
 i just felt sorry for mum . 
 i 'm sorry to say this , but to begin with , i did n't even miss dad . 
 up until the funeral it was like he was still around . 
 well he was . 
 it was only after the funeral that i started to miss him but only at certain times . 
 it 's hard to say when you notice that someone is n't there . 
 for a while it seems like they 've popped out to the shop and they 'll be back soon . 
 slowly , when they do n't come back , you start to realise that they 're gone , that they really are never coming back . 
 now it seems that the more time that goes by without him the more i miss him . 
 today , as i 'm putting this down on the page , i 'm doing the maths . 
 i was fourteen when dad died so that means that i 've spent as much time without him as with him . 
 and every day i miss him a little bit more . 
 it does n't get easier : it gets harder . 
 but at the time i do n't think i quite understood the fact that he had gone . 
 the day after the funeral the social worker called mum on the phone . 
 she 'd found me a place in the child conduct centre . 
 the social worker said she was extremely anxious to get me out of the pub so they put me in the unit the next day . 
 on my first day my mum ordered a taxi and we went together in style . 
 she explained that after that i 'd have to find a bus or walk . 
 the c.c.c. was about ten miles away . 
 in the end i decided to take the bus . 
 that meant getting up at half-past six every day and it meant that i would n't be home until half-past seven because the buses were n't so good in this part of the world . 
 in meadowlands buses rumbled on all day and all night . 
 here they were scarce and they disappeared into the countryside for hours . 
 so i was n't going to be much use plating up the dinners and collecting the empties , helping out my mum in the pub -- which is really where i wanted to be . 
 ` do n't worry , ' said mum , as we drove to the c.c.c. . 
 ` if me and alexi ca n't manage , i 'll just have to get some new help in . ' 
 i did n't like that idea . 
 i wanted to help . 
 the taxi pulled up outside the new building . 
 it was on a green hill , near a huge bridge with a big road taking traffic over the estuary . 
 from the c.c.c. you could look down the river and see the ferry port and the jetties where the tankers came and in the other direction you could see the countryside : there were no docks up there , just forests and fields , and in the distance , mountains . 
 the c.c.c. was modern . 
 it looked a bit like a travelodge , but the people who visited it were n't exactly travelling salespeople -- they were guys like me , troublemakers who could n't be trusted . 
 me and mum sat in the back seat for a minute . 
 neither of us knew what to say . 
 ` it 's nice and new , ' said mum . 
 it was new , i 'll give her that . 
 ` tell me if you need help in the kitchen with alexi , ' i said . 
 ` you 're not mitching off here to work in the pub , ' said mum . 
 ` that 's what they 're worried about -- they do n't like you being in the pub all day . 
 they reckon that 's the reason why you 've got a bad attitude . ' 
 i did n't say anything . 
 but i knew this : i did n't have a bad attitude . 
 i had a good attitude . 
 everybody else had a bad attitude towards me . 
 ` this place is going to help us , ' said mum . 
 ` you 'll be back in that school before you can say ... ' ` another day , another deutschmark , ' i said . 
 i do n't know why i said that -- it just came out . 
 mum started crying . 
 the taxi driver started moaning . 
 i did n't see the point in hanging round . 
 i got out of the car and ran into the c.c.c. . 
 straight into pearson . 
 mr pearson , i should say . 
 they called him the receptionist but i 'd say he was more like a bouncer . 
 he wore a tight-fitting blue suit , a vest , and he had shiny , policeman 's shoes . 
 his head was shaved and , perched on his little nose - which seemed to float on his big face like a chip on a carton of curry sauce , was a little pair of glasses . 
 i suppose he must have been about fifty , a bit podgy , but i could tell he knew how to handle himself . 
 you could see his biceps bulging underneath that thin little suit . 
 ` mr southgate , i presume , ' he said . 
 ` we 've been waiting for you . ' 
 i was sent straight to the head . 
 she was another smiley woman but she 's was n't like the one in the last school . 
 she was n't as nice . 
 she had straight black hair and she wore one of those frilly blouses some women wear with their suits . 
 she had a green suit on . 
 she had high red shoes , bright red nails and red lips . 
 ` clint , ' she said , shaking my hand . 
 ` i 'm so pleased to meet you . 
 i 'm so glad you could come . ' 
 that was a lie for starters . 
 i just looked at the floor and grunted . 
 the reason why i was there was because i 'd screwed up ; the only reason why she was there was because people like me screw up . 
 she could n't have been glad to see me -- not if she was a good teacher . 
 if she was a good teacher she 'd be extremely sad to see anyone screw up and so would n't be at all glad if anybody took the taxi ride to her door . 
 ` my name 's mrs doctor penrose , i 'm the head here and i really hope you enjoy your time . 
 i 'm sure you 've heard a lot about the c.c.c. , some of it good , some of it not so good . 
 all i can say is that this is a wonderful place and we 're so happy you 've agreed to join us . ' 
 i looked more at the floor . 
 ` clint , i 'd like to take you to meet your mentor now , andrew sergeant . 
 you 'll really like him , all the boys do , he 's young and he 's great and he gets excellent results . ' 
 i suppose she was referring to exam results . 
 i sneaked a glance at her desk . 
 there was a picture of a young girl in a frilly blouse . 
 that must have been mrs doctor penrose 's daughter . 
 there was a picture of a man with a pair of binoculars around his neck , holding a kite , standing in front of a castle . 
 that must have been her husband . 
 there were files and papers , a computer . 
 on the walls were postcards from all over the place . 
 mixed up with all the mountains , castles and pyramids , there was a smiling koala bear holding onto a tree . 
 i did n't like him . 
 ` do you like the cards ? ' 
 asked mrs doctor penrose . 
 ` my husband and i bring one back whenever we go away . 
 we love to travel . ' 
 ` great , ' i thought . 
 ` she sends postcards to herself -- how nuts is that ? ' 
 she led me down a little corridor ; it had little rooms leading off of it . 
 these were called the study rooms and they were smaller than classrooms . 
 i could see a boy in one sitting at a desk . 
 he had his feet on the desk and he was talking to pearson . 
 pearson was laughing . 
 ` that 's carlos . 
 you 'll meet him soon enough , ' said mrs doctor penrose . 
 we arrived at an empty little room . 
 ` here we are , clint , this is study room 5.766 . 
 andrew will be along presently . 
 would you like to wait ? ' 
 i did n't think she really meant i had a choice . 
 i went in and waited . 
 andrew did n't come . 
 in the end i stepped out of the room and walked back down the empty corridor to mrs doctor penrose 's office . 
 i knocked the door and pushed it open . 
 she was talking to someone on her mobile , she was giggling and laughing , telling someone called rexy not to be so silly . 
 as soon as she saw me she went quiet . 
 she clicked the phone off . 
 ` i thought i told you to wait , clint . 
 andrew 's running late -- as soon as he gets here you 'll see him . 
 go back to your room . ' 
 eventually andrew showed up . 
 he was a smiley and fit-looking young guy with sandy hair . 
 he wore jeans and a t-shirt . 
 he told me he lived by a beach and he liked surfing . 
 he said that he liked having barbecues on the beach with his mates on the weekend and that in the summer he practically lived on the beach not just by it . 
 he took me to get some dinner . 
 we had sandwiches from the coffee bar . 
 a guy called royston ran that . 
 he 'd walk slowly from the kitchen to the till every time a customer wanted something . 
 all he did was sandwiches , just cheese ones and coffee and tea -- i think that he was supposed to cook us all hot meals . 
 after the sandwiches me and andrew went back to the study room and he told me about surfing on the beach . 
 then it was time to go home . 
 the c.c.c. was n't like a normal school . 
 there were only about twenty kids there . 
 at break we hung about in the canteen or we went out onto the front of the building where they had wooden benches and tables looking down at the big bridge over the estuary . 
 the kids in the c.c.c. were aged between about eleven and sixteen . 
 carlos was the oldest , the biggest , the strongest and the dumbest . 
 he was king of the c.c.c. , he even told pearson what to do . 
 that made carlos feel like he was quite something . 
 i just thought if you really do want to be king , pick something that 's worth kinging . 
 my dad used to say : ` in the land of the blind , the one eyed man is king ' . 
 well carlos had two eyes , but he still could n't see the problem -- he was head honcho of wet ponchos . 
 carlos thought he was hard . 
 he 'd been expelled from loads of schools for fighting , drinking , swearing . 
 he did n't like me . 
 he did n't like anybody who he thought was badder than him , because for carlos , the only thing that he was any good at was being bad . 
 i guess the kids had been talking and they must have thought that i was pretty bad . 
 somebody had found out about the knife . 
 they all kept away from me . 
 they thought i was going to slash them . 
 that suited me . 
 the truth was , although carlos pretended to be hard , he was basically just a snitch . 
 he was n't really any good at fighting . 
 he was just excellent at getting other people into trouble . 
 the thing about carlos i could n't quite work out was why they 'd put him in the c.c.c. in the first place . 
 he was sneaky -- just the kind the teachers in my old school liked . 
 underneath all the bull , all i ever found was this : carlos thought he should be number one ; but he did n't know why . 
 because carlos knew i 'd been done for carrying a knife he was interested . 
 a lot of the kids in the c.c.c. thought that what i 'd done was more out of order than anything carlos or anybody else could do . 
 they 'd made stuff up . 
 they all thought i 'd stabbed someone . 
 that got to carlos . 
 he talked to the other kids and he did n't like the fact that they were more worried about me than him . 
 in the second week , or perhaps it was the third , i was eating my sandwiches in the coffee bar when three of them came up : dexter , louise and harris . 
 harris and louise were going out together . 
 all they did was whisper to each other in corners and snog . 
 when louise was n't with harris she was chopsy and when harris was n't with louise all he did was text her or chops about her . 
 dexter was a little weedy kid with thick glasses . 
 he wore old-fashioned clothes and his hair was always scraggy because his gran , who must have been blind , cut it for him . 
 nobody knew why dexter was at the c.c.c. because he never swore , he did n't have a bad temper , he always came on time and was n't particularly dumb . 
 i think he just got picked on a lot . 
 it was easier for the teachers in dexter 's last school to chuck him in the bin rather than all the people who 'd kept duffing him over . 
 i reckon all the people dexter had ever known had had a go at him . 
 carlos was always shoving him around . 
 dexter had a stammer too . 
 later i found out that it was n't just kids that beat dexter up . 
 he told me his dad and his mum had a go too . 
 that 's why he lived with his gran . 
 or at least that 's why he was supposed to live with his gran . 
 but she never liked him much either . 
 so dexter spent most of his time living at his uncle 's , and his uncle was away a lot . 
 dexter never said where , but i reckon he was in the slammer . 
 so , actually perhaps they were right to put him in the bin . 
 at least in the c.c.c. it was only really carlos who had a go at dexter . 
 outside it was a lot worse . 
 ` c-c-c-carlos has a message , ' said dexter . 
 i was eating a beef and gravy sandwich . 
 alexi had been asked to make me sandwiches at the end of every day with whatever meat was left from the dinners . 
 they were good -- maybe the best thing he cooked . 
 i looked at dexter . 
 he thought i was going to hit him . 
 he closed his eyes . 
 louise shoved him forwards . 
 she wanted me to hit him . 
 harris stood behind with a smirky grin on his face . 
 he was in year eleven , he was tall and thin , with long straggly black hair . 
 he had a chin-stud . 
 most of the time he had his face in his phone . 
 i did n't like him , he thought he was smart and he always wanted the last word . 
 he kind of slouched around . 
 he looked like a question mark . 
 i carried on eating . 
 ` he s-s-s-says he wants to s-s-s-see you , ' said dexter . 
 dexter had done his job . 
 he ran away . 
 ` ca n't he come over himself ? ' 
 i said . 
 ` he 's sitting over there in the corner , stuffing his gob as usual . ' 
 i pointed at carlos who was sitting by the till with his back to us , chatting to royston . 
 ` you 're eating , ' said harris . 
 ` how come it 's ok for you to eat ? ' 
 louise interrupted . 
 ` carlos has got knife . 
 he 's going to cut you up . ' 
 then she flashed a smile and skipped off . 
 i glared after louise . 
 i decided to ignore them all . 
 i just finished my sandwich and went to my lesson with andrew . 
 it was supposed to be english , but he just talked about surfing . 
 at about three o’clock he finally asked me a question which i 'd been dying to answer : ` do you like surfing ? ' 
 he was looking out of the window , probably trying to work out how long it would take him to get to the beach . 
 ` no , ' i said . 
 it did n't make any difference . 
 ` we 'll see about that , ' he said , as if i was wrong not to like surfing . 
 ` surfing is the most awesome thing ever . ' 
 and he spent the next half-an-hour talking to me about the barbecue he was planning on broad haven beach . 
 when i reached the bus stop there was a crowd . 
 all the kids from the c.c.c. were there . 
 carlos walked up to me . 
 ` you ever seen a knife like this ? ' 
 he pulled out a bread knife . 
 he must have taken it from the coffee bar . 
 he waved it in front of my face . 
 louise laughed . 
 dexter ran back towards the c.c.c. . 
 i could see harris standing behind carlos making throat-slitting actions with his finger on his neck . 
 carlos looked weird . 
 his brown eyes flitted from side to side . 
 his fat lips were pink . 
 his cheeks were red . 
 his short hair was sweaty and spiky . 
 looking back it was like one of those moments when everything slows down . 
 people say that about accidents , time seems to almost stop . 
 they can remember all the things that happened in very great detail . 
 i can remember thinking : ` there 's about twenty kids here on carlos ' side , he 's got a knife and they want to get me : run . ' 
 and then , as i looked at their faces , especially harris . 
 i got angry . 
 i thought carlos was overstepping the mark . 
 i did n't want to be king of the c.c.c. but i did n't want him to cut me with the bread knife either . 
 and i also knew he was a wimp . 
 so i turned , pretending to look for somewhere to run . 
 then i span around , really fast and hit carlos so hard in the face that my hand nearly fell off . 
 the knife fell out of his hand . 
 he grabbed his face . 
 so i kicked his leg so that he fell over . 
 i grabbed the knife and sat on him . 
 all the other kids stepped back . 
 i remember seeing harris smirking as he fiddled with his mobile . 
 i did n't really want to cut carlos . 
 but harris grinned , he was still standing behind louise . 
 i 'd love to have smashed his face in . 
 i held the knife in front of carlos . 
 i could feel his big fat body wriggling and writhing under mine . 
 i knew i would n't be able to hold him down for long . 
 the bus was coming . 
 ` i 'll take the knife back to the canteen , ' i said . 
 ` do n't mess with me in future . 
 if you do i 'll stick you . 
 got it ? ' 
 carlos nodded . 
 i jumped off him . 
 the bus pulled up . 
 the kids got on . 
 i went back to the unit . 
 i found dexter there . 
 he 'd been trying to find andrew , but the teachers had all gone . 
 pearson was around , but i do n't think dexter liked him very much . 
 maybe pearson was another one who liked beating dexter up . 
 ` i 'm s-s-s-sorry , ' he blubbed . 
 ` i w-w-w-wanted to get help . ' 
 he cried . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 so i put my arm around his shoulder . 
 then i had to think of something to say . 
 ` come on man , ' i said . 
 ` it 's ok . 
 that carlos is a wimp , he wo n't be giving us any more trouble . 
 we 'll just put the knife back where it came from and nobody 'll be any the wiser . ' 
 dexter and i made our way back to the canteen . 
 i was pretty good at breaking through locks so we flipped up the grille and i stuck the knife back onto its magnetised strip . 
 we left the canteen and the c.c.c. , just as pearson began locking up . 
 ` you 've missed your bus , boys , ' he shouted . 
 ` what a shame . ' 
 we flicked him the vs and ran away laughing . 
 dexter 's uncle lived near the flying boat , so we walked home together . 
 it took hours . 
 when i got there mum was fed up because she 'd had to do all the plating and collecting herself . 
 but when i introduced her to dexter she changed , i think it was the first time i 'd brought someone from the new place home . 
 i think she was pleased i 'd found myself a friend . 
 she fixed him one of alexi 's dinners . 
 dexter loved it . 
 then he went . 
 the next day i was called in to see mrs doctor penrose . 
 she and andrew sergeant and a police man in uniform were sitting behind her desk . 
 they had a smart phone . 
 ` sit down , ' said mrs doctor penrose . 
 i sat . 
 i looked at the postcards . 
 ` andrew and i are devastated by your behaviour , ' she said . 
 she handed me the phone . 
 on the phone there was a photograph . 
 i realised that harris must have taken the picture . 
 it showed me , holding a knife in carlos ' face . 
 he looked terrified . 
 i looked mean . 
 i could n't argue with that . 
 ` i 'm afraid you 've let us down , clint , ' said mrs doctor penrose . 
 ` it did n't take you long . 
 carlos has been traumatised by your violence . 
 this is a criminal matter . 
 i have to call your mother and ask police constable williams here to escort you home . 
 you 'll be put on special measures . ' 
 carlos had stitched me up . 
 i hung my head . 
 5 . 
 back home i was driven home in a police car . 
 mum was n't exactly over the moon to meet me . 
 i tried to explain that it was n't my fault . 
 but i found myself saying stuff even i did n't really believe . 
 i hated the c.c.c. . 
 i was glad to be out of there . 
 i did n't want to go back . 
 they explained that because i 'd been so bad i 'd have a teacher come to me instead . 
 in a way , this was better because i could plate up the dinners and keep an eye on alexi and i did n't have to put up with guys like carlos , louise and harris . 
 for about a week they left me alone . 
 then on monday my teacher arrived . 
 me and mum opened the door at about half-past nine . 
 there he was , in his jeans and sneakers with his floppy hair : it was andrew , the surfer . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 nor , i think , could he . 
 he did n't want to be with me . 
 he did n't really want to be with anyone . 
 he told me that for a couple of weeks he 'd been given the job of teaching me at home . 
 they could n't afford to send him all day . 
 it was just a couple of hours in the morning . 
 he said that the social worker felt that it would be wrong to spend all day in a pub with nothing to do . 
 i thought it would have been better if they 'd left me alone , then i could have worked in the pub . 
 we 'd cleared a table in the pool room as mum had agreed to keep it shut during the morning so that i could study . 
 i tried to tell her that this was n't necessary because all that happened was me and andrew sat at the table and he talked about surfing . 
 we did a bit of english . 
 i was better than him at maths , so we did n't do that . 
 and after a while andrew got into the habit of having a pint of cider at lunchtime with mum and the others in the main bar while me and alexi worked in the kitchen . 
 andrew started to come back in the evenings too . 
 it looked to me that he preferred our cider to surfing . 
 i was growing to quite like alexi . 
 i realised that although he was n't perfect he was n't lazy either . 
 he arrived on time , he worked hard ; he just made sure that every day he went home with a little extra in his bag . 
 i began to think that , given how bad everyone else was , he was n't exactly an awful guy . 
 sometimes he made me laugh . 
 we were working in the kitchen once and he turned to me and said : ` clint , british food is rubbish , i ca n't believe i 'm making this crap every day . 
 beef dinner , pork dinner and chicken dinner with vegetables that have been boiled for so long that you ca n't tell the difference between a cabbage and carrot . 
 apart from the fact that one 's green and one 's orange . ' 
 i laughed , i thought that was ridiculous . 
 so he tied a teacloth around my head and blindfolded me . 
 ` this is blind tasting , clint . 
 i 'm going to give you two vegetables : a spoonful of carrots and a spoonful of cabbage . 
 i want you to tell me which is which . ' 
 you wo n't believe this , but he was right . 
 i got the answer wrong . 
 ` where i comes from , if you serves this kind of junk , you 'd be fired , ' laughed alexi . 
 ` you boys over here should try a taste of some serious food -- hungarian food . ' 
 ` for hungry ' uns , ' i said . 
 alexi laughed his head off . 
 i did n't think my joke was that funny . 
 but he really liked it . 
 ` hungarians are hungry ' uns , ' he said as he untied the blindfold , ` that 's funny , very funny . 
 they says that you 're a dumb , not-to-be-trusted kid . 
 but , i 'm not so very sure . 
 now , you put the towel on me . ' 
 i tied the tablecloth around alexi 's head . 
 he could n't tell the difference between the pork and the beef . 
 i mistook the chicken for roast potatoes and he mixed up the gravy with the vegetable soup . 
 so we decided to try not to cook everything for so long . 
 and d’you know what happened ? 
 the punters complained . 
 they said that our vegetables were so raw you could feed them to rabbits . 
 then one evening spartan came back . 
 i took him a plate of especially overcooked food . 
 he did n't say hello or anything . 
 he just ate his dinner , drank his beer and watched the people in the bar . 
 when i went to collect his plate he grabbed my arm again . 
 i looked at the bar , but mum was still chatting to andrew . 
 i think mum liked him . 
 she enjoyed listening to the surf stories . 
 i think it took her mind off things . 
 ` i 'd love to be able to get down the beach , away from this place , ' she 'd say . 
 ` what have you found , boy ? ' 
 asked spartan . 
 ` nothing , ' i said , i tried to reach for his plate . 
 ` i 've been all around . 
 i 've talked to a lot of people . 
 he 's here somewhere , ' said spartan . 
 ` you ca n't hide a racehorse like missile , not for long . ' 
 ` look , ' i said , ` this is n't a horse racing kind of pub . 
 the people who come here go to the betting shop around the corner . 
 they do n't own horses . 
 they do n't own anything . 
 they keep losing . 
 they live in bed and breakfasts and work on the docks . ' 
 spartan finished his beer . 
 ` you have n't seen anyone strange in here ? ' 
 i laughed . 
 i sat down next to spartan . 
 ` what do you mean ? 
 they 're all strange in here . 
 there 's not one person who 's not strange . 
 what exactly are you looking for ? ' 
 ` i 'm waiting for someone , ' said spartan . 
 ` who ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` someone to tell me where to find my horse . 
 they said that they 'd be here . 
 you must have seen something , you 're hiding something . ' 
 ` i 've only been here a few months , ' i said . 
 ` maybe they came before . ' 
 ` if they 'd come before they 'd have found me . ' 
 ` who are you waiting for ? ' 
 spartan thought for a moment . 
 ` he 's called preston , ' he said . 
 ` he used to ride for my boss . 
 he looks like a leprechaun . ' 
 i must have seemed particularly dumb . 
 i had no idea what a leprechaun was . 
 spartan 's eyes flashed . 
 he was getting bored with my dumbness . 
 ` preston 's a jockey , an old one . 
 he 's like a shrivelled bean with bandy legs . 
 you do know what a bean looks like ? ' 
 i felt safe . 
 i knew i had n't seen any walking , shrivelled beans . 
 ` never seen or heard of anyone like that . ' 
 ` the last i heard from him he was working for a woman called sally , ' added spartan in a throwaway kind of way . 
 i tried not to react , not to give any clue that now i thought i knew who spartan was talking about . 
 i remembered sally and her horse blackie . 
 i did n't want to drop sally in it . 
 i do n't really know why . 
 maybe it 's because i 'd learned from school that you never drop anyone in anything . 
 i kept my eyes on the plate . 
 but spartan sensed something . 
 ` you owe me , boy . 
 what do you know ? ' 
 he growled . 
 i just reached for the plate and shook my head . 
 ` what do you know ? ' 
 shouted spartan . 
 he went for my arm but i pulled it away knocking the plate and two glasses to the floor . 
 they smashed . 
 ` nothing ! ' 
 i shouted . 
 ` hell 's teeth boy , you 're lying to me now , ' roared spartan , rising out of his seat , ` i 'm warning you , i got a short fuse . ' 
 he stood up and took a swipe at me . 
 but i swung away and stepped out into the bar . 
 heads turned , andrew stepped forwards . 
 he grabbed my shoulders . 
 ` calm down , clint , ' he said . 
 ` what 's the problem ? ' 
 i could see spartan was mad , his face was trembling and his eyes were flashing with rage . 
 behind me alexi popped his head out of the kitchen to see what all the fuss was about . 
 mum shouted from behind the bar as i tried to wriggle away from andrew 's grip . 
 ` if there 's a problem with your dinner , i 'd be grateful if you took it up with me . ' 
 ` this boy 's a liar , ' said spartan , he stepped towards me . 
 andrew gripped me harder . 
 i did n't feel safe though . 
 he was n't trying to protect me . 
 he was stopping me from running away . 
 ` he 's got issues , ' said andrew . 
 ` can you tell us what he 's done ? 
 i 'm a teacher . ' 
 spartan stepped closer , laughing at andrew . 
 his biceps were bulging and his eyes were on fire . 
 i did n't want to hang around . 
 i did n't care what happened to andrew . 
 i knew what spartan meant by a short fuse . 
 he was way over six feet tall and i did n't really want to get mashed by him . 
 i stamped on andrew 's toe with my heel as hard as i could . 
 he bent over in pain and i slipped out of his grip and dived into the kitchen behind alexi . 
 ` clint , ' shouted my mum . 
 ` come back here now ! ' 
 andrew spun on his sneakers but spartan shoved him out the way so that his head bashed the bar . 
 it must have touched a soft spot . 
 he crumpled onto the floor . 
 out cold . 
 i knew spartan was strong but i did n't really appreciate that he really was the kind of guy who could crush a man with just one blow . 
 mum rushed from behind the bar ordering one of the other men drinking beer at the bar to call the police . 
 she bent down to see how andrew was . 
 alexi stood by the kitchen door . 
 i hid behind him as spartan rushed up to him . 
 alexi did n't move . 
 he was n't a tall man but he was pretty wide . 
 he made sure he filled the doorway . 
 spartan snarled at him : ` get out of my way old man . 
 i want that boy -- now ! ' 
 i cowered behind alexi , i could see his hand fumbling for something on the work surface inside the kitchen . 
 i could n't believe what he did next . 
 he wrapped his fingers around the biggest meat cleaver we had . 
 alexi pulled the cleaver from behind his back . 
 i was impressed with alexi . 
 he spent all his time cooking and eating . 
 he was n't exactly fit if you know what i 'm saying : more fat . 
 and i could see that he was scared because inside his checked chef 's trousers his legs were shaking . 
 ` nobody comes into my kitchen , ' he hissed , ` apart from the sous chef . ' 
 i took one last look at alexi as he stood by the door tapping the meat cleaver in his hand , sweat running off his bald head . 
 spartan stood in front of him glaring past him at me . 
 ` you comes in here and i chops your head off , ' said alexi . 
 spartan stopped and stood in front of him snarling like a dog . 
 ` you hear me ? ' 
 screamed alexi . 
 ` i never butchered a man before , but tonight i feel like making a pie . ' 
 ` boy , ' shouted spartan , ` i 'm going to come after you , and when i catch you i 'm gon na kill you . ' 
 there was a door at the back of the kitchen . 
 alexi kept it open all the time to let the heat and the steam from the boiling vegetables out . 
 i ran . 
 i scuttled through the beer garden , past the smokers and out into the back lane . 
 i heard the police car sirens and the scream of tyres . 
 they 'd arrived . 
 alexi had saved my life . 
 - - - i sprinted across town through the streets . 
 i bolted up the hill past laws street and out into the fields at the top . 
 i decided then that it would be best to stay off the roads . 
 i thought that it would be easy for the police or spartan to find me because they 'd be driving around looking for me . 
 so i climbed over a gate and ran across a field . 
 then i broke through a hedge and ran across another , and another , and another . 
 the sun set and i just kept going , on and on , even though my lungs were bursting . 
 i went skittering away into the night , always keeping the lights of the town at my back . 
 6 . 
 night running you 'd think the countryside at night would be kind of silent and safe . 
 it was n't . 
 the place was full of strange screeches and yelps , shapes , shadows and background beasts . 
 i ran as fast as i could , always moving further from the flying boat . 
 when i wanted to stop , i made myself go on . 
 i knew i had to put double the expected distance between me and spartan . 
 he was after me and i was n't going to let him find me . 
 finally , in the middle of the night i had to stop . 
 the streetlights of the town were just a smear on the black horizon . 
 in front of me the moonless sky was pin-pricked with stars . 
 around me , low trees swayed and swooshed in a stiff breeze . 
 and there was this other sound . 
 i guess i 'd been in too much of a rush to notice it before . 
 it was a constant roar , almost as if i was approaching a motorway or factory . 
 i knew that was n't possible , because , aside from the trees , the stars and fields , the only shapes i could dimly make out , were a herd of cows , sleeping like beached boats on the side of a hill . 
 i could n't work out what this sound was . 
 it was all around me . 
 it spooked me . 
 i must have been so tired that i was n't thinking straight . 
 i remember that , at the time , i started to think that it could be the noise of some alien space ship , dipping down to the land . 
 the truth is , i did n't know what the sound was and i did n't want to find out . 
 i scurried to the corner of the field and found the gate . 
 i climbed over that and found a stone building next to it . 
 i felt my way to the hole in the wall where the door once was . 
 i stepped into the black space . 
 although the building was cold and dark , i felt i 'd be safe . 
 it was quiet in there . 
 i found some old plastic sacks . 
 i pulled them around me and tried to work out what to do next . 
 i must have fallen asleep in the little building because , when i opened my eyes , daylight flooded in . 
 the walls of my shed were made of stones and the roof was metal . 
 around me there were some rusty old bits of iron , some pallets , some old petrol cans , big chunks of fire wood and some bales of hay . 
 the place smelled of oil and mud . 
 so did i. i clambered out of my nest of plastic sacks and stuck my head out of the door . 
 my building was actually part of a rickety old stable block . 
 i could see a big farmhouse a little way down the hill . 
 i could hear voices nearby . 
 someone started a car . 
 i heard it drive away . 
 i pulled back into the dark , cool shed and tried to think . 
 i knew that the most sensible thing to do would be to just walk home . 
 but i did n't want to . 
 it was n't that i did n't want to see mum . 
 to be honest , i would n't have minded carrying on doing my lessons with andrew in the pool room or working with alexi in the kitchen . 
 but spartan had really scared me . 
 he had a screw loose . 
 he wanted to kill me . 
 he thought that i was hiding something , and the truth is -- i was . 
 i watched a farmer pull up in his big 4x4 a few fields away . 
 from my open doorway i saw him park on the side of a lane , open a gate and stroll into his field of cows . 
 i had to wait for ages for him to herd them all up , move them into another field , close the gate , wander back to his vehicle and drive away . 
 all the time i kept thinking , trying to put things into some kind of order . 
 there was something really messed up about that pub we 'd moved to . 
 it was a scary horrible place and i did n't want to go back . 
 i 'd lost my dad , been kicked out of two schools , started a fight , got my teacher knocked out and found myself my very own homicidal hit man , without even trying . 
 mum , alexi , andrew even the crazy spartan would all be better off without me . 
 it would be good for them if i kept out of the way . 
 as the farmer 's 4x4 disappeared from view , i stepped out of my shed for a better look at things . 
 i tried to figure out what dad would have done : sleep , probably , he was a very chilled sort of guy , my dad . 
 so i sat in the shed and waited for some kind of idea to come . 
 it did n't . 
 i just got hungry . 
 in the end , that 's what got me moving -- i needed something to eat and drink . 
 i skulked around my shed , checking the field and the farm buildings . 
 there was a farmhouse , some stables , a cowshed . 
 someone kept rumbling around in a car down in the yard . 
 i snuck further from my building . 
 on the other side of the shed i was amazed to see the sea . 
 the fields rolled down a hillside to a great big beach with white sand and surf crashing in . 
 i realised that the roaring sounds i 'd heard the previous night were simply the sounds of the rollers crashing up the beach . 
 in the ocean i could see the tiny dots of surfers in their wetsuits waiting for waves . 
 this must have been one of the places andrew kept talking about . 
 perhaps it was broad haven . 
 i decided that the best thing to do would be to go to the beach and hang about with the surfers . 
 i was pretty sure i could get some water and maybe something to eat from them . 
 i 'd listened to andrew go on about surfing for so long that i reckoned i could easily pretend to be one . 
 i was going to say that i 'd forgotten my board and ask them to lend me some money . 
 i looked to my left . 
 i could see a lane leading down from the farm to a road that went right along the side of the beach . 
 now my plan was really taking shape . 
 all i had to do was to sneak to the lane , crawl through the hedge and walk down the road to the beach . 
 so that 's what i did . 
 i sneaked , i crawled and i walked . 
 i brushed myself down , rubbed my face with my hands and told myself that i was a surfer . 
 my plan lasted for about thirty seconds . 
 just as i reached the road down to the beach , a mini sped around the corner and almost ran me over , i had to jump into the hedge to avoid getting hit . 
 the car skidded to a halt . 
 my heart hit the floor as the driver climbed out to see if i was ok . 
 but it was n't andrew , spartan , my mum or the cops . 
 it was the woman i 'd met at the funeral , serious sally . 
 ` hey , ' she said , ` what brings you out here ? ' 
 ` i , er , i 'm going to go surfing , ' i said , not very convincingly . 
 ` you look like you 've slept in a hedge , ' she said . 
 ` wan na come back for a cup of tea first ? ' 
 i looked at the beach . 
 it was close enough to smell the salt spray in the air . 
 but i was dying of thirst and i was incredibly hungry . 
 i pretended to think . 
 ` well , the surf 's up at the moment , those waves are really gnarley , ' i said , remembering the way andrew spoke about surfing . 
 ` i want to catch some waves some before it goes too glassy . 
 but there 's no rush , i 've always got time for a cuppa . ' 
 that last one was n't andrew , dad used to say that . 
 ` hop in , ' said sally . 
 it was one of those old minis , not the new ones with the fat tyres . 
 it had thin tyres and it bumped along the lane like a tin can blowing in the wind . 
 ` how 's it going ? ' 
 said sally . 
 ` oh fine , ' i said . 
 ` surfing ? ' 
 ` yeah . 
 i like surfing . ' 
 ` where 's your board ? ' 
 ` oh ... down there . 
 i lent it to someone . 
 he 's out on the ocean . ' 
 we arrived back at the farm . 
 ` well , let 's see what we can find , ' said sally , stopping the car and stepping out . 
 i followed her to the farmhouse porch , glancing slyly up the hill . 
 i could see the stable block and the shed i 'd slept in was only a little way away . 
 ` is this your farm ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` every bit of it , ' said sally , ` not bad , eh ? 
 blackie 's up there . ' 
 sally pointed up at the stables . 
 for a minute i could n't think who she was talking about -- then i remembered the funeral . 
 ` oh , ' i said , ` the horse . ' 
 now , when i look back , it seems as if something pushed me to that place : as if , somehow , i was meant to be there ; as if the knife , the school , the c.c.c. and the meat cleaver were all placed in my path to get me to turn into sally 's farm . 
 i felt as if i belonged there . 
 perhaps it 's better to say i did n't belong anywhere else . 
 7 . 
 parchman farm ` welcome to parchman farm , ' said sally proudly . 
 i remember standing on the front porch staring at it all . 
 the old buildings were bent , all the roofs were wonky , even the trees looked old and crooked . 
 at the time i thought that the farmhouse was just a bit rundown , but really it was falling down . 
 the stones on the outside of the main building were crumbly , like old bread . 
 the roof had slates missing , the windows were rotten and most of the outbuildings were held up with metal poles and bits of scaffolding . 
 ` you 'd never believe that this building is over three hundred years old , ' said sally . 
 ` no , ' i said . 
 i thought it looked older . 
 ` do n't just stand there , boy , ' said sally , kicking off her boots , at the threshold : ` come in . ' 
 i took my trainers off and left them by the wooden front door . 
 inside it was cool , the hall was wide , with a dark wooden floor and painted wooden panels on the wall . 
 the ceiling was high and cobweb grey . 
 ` muddy boots are not allowed inside . 
 i keep this place spotless . ' 
 an arched window looked out over the back . 
 the panes of glass were so dusty that they almost blocked the light out . 
 although the hall was big , it felt cramped , it was half-full of cardboard boxes , jam jars and junk . 
 there was even an old bicycle in there , leaning against the banister of a great , wide staircase . 
 sally led the way through to the kitchen which was at the side of the house . 
 it was hot in there . 
 there was a weird kind of coal-powered cooker with a sack of coal leaning on the wall next to it . 
 the whole thing was hot to touch . 
 on the shelves there were boxes of vegetables and more empty jam jars . 
 sally filled a kettle up from a big square sink with enormous brass taps and put it on top of the cooker . 
 ` biscuits ? ' 
 she asked . 
 i was starving . 
 i shrugged , trying to make out i did n't mind if i had one or not . 
 ` look , boy , ' she said . 
 ` i 'm not your mother . 
 if you do n't want a biscuit you can bugger off . ' 
 ` i 'll have a biscuit , ' i said quickly . 
 sally smiled as she watched me eat . 
 in the end she gave me the packet . 
 as i munched sally told me that her dad owned the place , and his dad before him . 
 parchman farm had been in sally 's family for ages . 
 she took it over when her dad died a couple of years ago . 
 ` trouble is , ' she said , ` dad was n't much of a farmer -- more of a drinker and a gambler if you know what i mean . ' 
 i said i did . 
 my dad used to run pubs , and he liked the gee-gees . 
 ` he kept selling the fields to pay for his debts , so now the farm 's too small to make any money . 
 we just try to keep going as best we can . 
 once , this place was the biggest farm in the whole county . 
 now , it 's not safe to go in some of the rooms upstairs because the floor 's gone . 
 but we carry on . ' 
 i remembered the land rover in the cow field . 
 i guessed the farmer had bought sally 's fields . 
 sally poured me some tea . 
 i asked her exactly how she carried on . 
 sally explained that although they only had a couple of fields left , where she kept her horses , there was one part of the farm that still made money : the garden . 
 i did n't think this sounded very much . 
 farms are supposed to have herds of cattle or acres of wheat . 
 it seemed that all sally had was a few pet horses and some radishes in a kitchen garden . 
 ` it 's a big garden , ' said sally . 
 ` i 'll show it to you if you like . 
 it depends if you 'd rather go surfing . ' 
 i 'd almost forgotten about the surfing thing . 
 ` who 's got your board ? ' 
 ` oh , er , a mate , ' i said , trying to think of a name . 
 ` splish , ' i added . 
 ` splish ? ' 
 said sally , she choked and sprayed tea from her mouth all over the table , and then she laughed . 
 ` splish ?? ' 
 ` yeah , ' i said , wishing i was better at making stuff up . 
 i kept my face straight and did n't look at her , as if i was talking to spartan . 
 ` splish is a really good surfer . 
 he 's about my age -- seventeen . ' 
 ` you do n't look seventeen , you look about twelve , ' said sally , still smiling to herself about splish . 
 ` i know , ' i said , ` but some kids are like that -- they grow late . ' 
 sally stopped giggling ; she looked at me , almost as if she was trying to work out how tall i was . 
 i was five feet three inches tall in those days . 
 now i 'm almost as big as spartan . 
 we finished the tea and , after putting on our boots and shoes , we stepped back into the yard . 
 sally pointed towards the hill . 
 a man was leading a horse into one of the stables . 
 ` that 's preston , ' said sally . 
 ` he helps with the horses . 
 he 's another short one . 
 now , come this way . ' 
 i shivered as i looked at the little man in the distance . 
 now spartan 's voice jangled in my head : ` a shrivelled bean with bandy legs . ' 
 ` what 's up ? ' 
 said sally as we made our way through an overgrown orchard . 
 ` you look like you 've seen a ghost . ' 
 ` nothing , ' i said , as we arrived at a high wall made of dusty , crumbling , oversized red bricks . 
 we followed it until we reached a wooden door covered in flaky green paint . 
 it was cool and damp under the trees . 
 i could see hard , green apples sprouting on the branches around me . 
 ` this , ' said sally as she pushed the door open , ` is the garden . 
 this is how we keep the place going . ' 
 i tried to look interested , but really i just wanted a second view of the shrivelled bean with bandy legs . 
 the door swung open and we stepped through it and into the light . 
 the garden took my breath away . 
 it was a bit like going from a 2d movie into a 3d one . 
 it was enormous , maybe the size of five or six football pitches and it was surrounded by this old , orange wall . 
 it was a weird place -- it kind of pulled you in and made you feel as if you were standing in the middle of the pitch with all the floodlights on . 
 except there was no grass , there were straight rows of plants running off in all directions like leafy corridors . 
 in the orchard it was cold and dank and green . 
 here it was hot and light . 
 the place was buzzing with bees and life . 
 it was like stepping off a spaceship , or perhaps it was like walking into one . 
 as we walked along the rows of peas and beans , broccoli and melons , sally told me that the garden had been built years ago when the farm was really big . 
 it had everything : potatoes , lettuces , courgettes , sweetcorn , cabbages , strawberries . 
 there was n't one leaf out of place and all the plants looked strangely big . 
 almost as if they were the ones who were going to eat you . 
 ` keith , the gardener , is one of those people who 's got green fingers , ' said sally . 
 ` picks his nose , does he ? ' 
 i muttered . 
 sally ignored me and walked on through the rows calling for keith . 
 ` that 's his favourite , ' she said , pointing to a big zinc watering can . 
 ` he 's got to be around here somewhere . ' 
 half the things growing there i did n't recognise . 
 i could see greenhouses full of tomatoes and cucumbers , there were grapes and plums . 
 there was even a chicken run , with about thirty birds all pecking around in the sunlight . 
 ` dad was going to sell this too , ' said sally , ` then we 'd have been in real trouble . ' 
 i followed sally as she walked through the neat rows of plants thinking to myself that the garden was strangely warm . 
 sally stopped . 
 ` this is keith , ' said sally . 
 ` he 's my other helper . ' 
 i could n't see anyone . 
 i looked where sally was pointing and then i turned back to sally . 
 ` she 's mad , ' i thought . 
 ` she 's a mad woman with a weird house and a crazy , stripy garden . ' 
 ` you think i 'm nuts do n't you ? ' 
 ` no , ' i lied . 
 ` you can get out now , go on , go and find splosh , ' sally looked angry , serious . 
 ` splish ? ' 
 i said . 
 she smiled , she could n't help it . 
 ` oh yes , how could i forget ? 
 splish . 
 now you see those blackcurrant bushes ? ' 
 i followed a line from sally 's finger ; someone had laid out rows of picked vegetables all neatly placed on the floor next to each other . 
 there was a line of carrots stretching off towards the distant wall and a line of courgettes all carefully sorted into size order . 
 ` keith 's got a thing about lines -- he likes things in order , ' said sally . 
 i spotted a shape , rustling around among the green leaves of the bushes . 
 there was a man wearing green and black camouflage trousers , a green jacket with a green hat on . 
 he was crawling around the green stems of the bushes -- weeding , i guess , but he might have been looking for something he 'd lost , a carrot maybe . 
 ` hi there , keith , ' shouted sally . 
 keith stood up . 
 he waved and said something i did n't understand , then he just bent down and kept weeding . 
 ` mad as cheese , ' said sally , ` but he works hard . ' 
 then she added . 
 ` if you ever want to lend a hand you 're more than welcome to help keith out . ' 
 sally went to the long line of carrots . 
 she started popping them in a wooden crate keith had left next to them . 
 i looked at keith . 
 he was thin , maybe about twenty-five years old . 
 his sandy hair was straggly like a hippy and i could hear him muttering to himself as he tied the blackcurrants . 
 i could n't make out what he was saying though . 
 ` is he really mad ? ' 
 i asked . 
 sally looked at me with her serious face : ` mad , bad and dangerous to know , if you know what i mean , ' said sally . 
 i gulped . 
 sally gave me one of those serious looks . 
 then she smiled . 
 ` you all right boy ? 
 you look like you 've seen a ghost . 
 come on . 
 are n't you going to help ? ' 
 we filled a couple of boxes full of carrots . 
 then sally led me out of the garden back to the house . 
 we stored the carrots in the hall , above the stairs down to the cellar . 
 then she opened the front door . 
 ` off you go then , ' she said . 
 ` have a good time with splish . ' 
 i stood next to sally on the threshold . 
 i did n't want to leave . 
 there was no splish . 
 i had no board . 
 i felt like telling her the truth . 
 ` thanks , ' i said . 
 i stepped forwards and walked across the yard past the old mini . 
 i reached the path that led to the road and the beach . 
 i was n't exactly hurrying to get away . 
 ` you come back here if you get fed up of surfing , ' said sally . 
 ` you can help keith lift some cabbages . ' 
 i turned and shouted back , with great relief , ` ok , i 'll see you later . ' 
 i felt fantastic . 
 it 's amazing how just a couple of words can change the way you feel . 
 one minute i was thinking , ` this is a disaster . 
 i 've got to hang out on the beach trying to find a surfer with some money ' . 
 the next moment i knew what to do . 
 i had a plan again . 
 i went to the beach , lay in the sun on the sand , watched the surfers and waited for some time to pass . 
 i did n't want sally to think i was n't surfing so i made sure i stuck it out on the beach for a long time . 
 i even went in the sea to get salt in my hair . 
 then i went back to the farm and sally put me working on the cabbages with mad keith . 
 she gave me a little hooked knife for cutting the cabbages . 
 i never knew this before , but cabbages have got really strong stems . 
 i worked with keith until the sun started to dip down over the wall . 
 he never spoke to me . 
 he just mumbled under his breath . 
 the words he was using were really hard to understand . 
 after a while , i realised something freaky . 
 he was speaking a foreign language . 
 i guessed he might have been spanish or polish . 
 sally told me later that it was n't any of these languages . 
 he 'd made the whole thing up . 
 he had his own language . 
 it had verbs and nouns and tenses just like english , except it was n't english , it was keithish . 
 he 'd even taught sally a few sentences . 
 mad keith much preferred talking in keithish than english . 
 he lived in a different world . 
 for keith it was all happening for him in that garden . 
 as the sun set mad keith and i wheeled barrowloads of cabbages into one of the sheds outside the garden . 
 they all had to be boxed up . 
 sally came in . 
 she had a ten pound note . 
 ` it 's all i can afford , ' she said , handing it to me . 
 i took the money . 
 ` off you go , ' she said . 
 ` i 've missed my lift , ' i said . 
 sally looked serious . 
 ` splish and the others went hours ago . 
 i do n't mind staying here though . ' 
 the tenner was still in my hand . 
 sally took it back . 
 ` if its board and lodgings you want you 'll have to pay . ' 
 - - - i spent my first night in parchman farm , high up in the roof rooms of the creaky old house . 
 i remember setting off up the wide wooden staircase . 
 ` just keep going until you ca n't go any higher , ' said sally when i asked where my room was . 
 ` do n't go in any of the others -- you might break the floorboards . ' 
 my bedroom was just a little bit bigger than the bed inside it . 
 it had a tiny window looking straight out over the sand dunes at the sea and the stars in the night sky . 
 ages ago , when they had servants , this is where they slept . 
 i jumped on the bed and fell into a deep sleep . 
 i was glad not to be out in the shed again , with the plastic sacks , and i knew that somehow i 'd turned up in the only place where i was safe from spartan . 
 if preston , the shrivelled bean with bandy legs , was here , i knew spartan did n't know where it was . 
 my plan had changed : now it was to stay on parchman farm -- if necessary , forever . 
 8 . 
 preston when i awoke i did n't know where i was . 
 i blinked at the tiny little square window at the foot of the bed . 
 lying there , watching the sun rising over the distant sea through the wobbly old window , it seemed as if my whole life before had been a dream , or a nightmare , and this bit was real . 
 i remembered what spartan said : ` boy , i 'm going to come after you , and when i find you , i 'm going to kill you . ' 
 i hurried downstairs . 
 sally was in the kitchen standing by the range eating a piece of toast , talking to a man of about my size . 
 so this was preston . 
 he was really odd . 
 i mean , mad keith was pretty peculiar , with his camouflage outfits and his own private language but preston , this little wrinkly old hobgoblin of man , with his flat cap and his brown trousers tucked into his socks , took the biscuit . 
 preston stayed at the farm because , like sally , he loved the horses . 
 preston was the one who looked after the stables , made sure the horses were fed , kept the two fields in order and took them out for gallops . 
 preston , you see , used to be a jockey . 
 ` preston , ' said sally , ` this is clint . ' 
 preston shook my hand . 
 his eyes were the thing . 
 they were n't still . 
 they darted around as if they 'd been electrocuted , they were like little blue tadpoles . 
 ` pleased to make your acquaintance , ' said preston . 
 ` know anything about horses ? ' 
 ` no , ' i said , adding helpfully : ` i 'm a surfer . ' 
 preston shrugged and turned away . 
 he was only interested in horses and people who were interested in horses . 
 ` that 's not true , ' said sally sternly . 
 ` here we go , ' i thought . 
 sally had rumbled me . 
 but sally did n't question my surfer story . 
 i think she really did believe it . 
 and judging by the size of preston , i think she probably did think i was telling the truth when i said i was seventeen . 
 preston must have looked very young indeed , before his face got brown and wrinkled and his legs , arms and fingers got broken from falling off horses in races . 
 ` he knows about one horse at least , ' said sally with a serious smile playing on her lips . 
 preston turned back to me . 
 ` what 's that then boy ? 
 are you a stable lad ? ' 
 i did n't even know what one of those was . 
 ` he knows about missile , ' said sally . 
 and then i remembered the funeral . 
 the last question i 'd asked sally , the one that had made her really mad about spartan 's horse -- missile . 
 preston took a step back . 
 he cocked his head on one side . 
 suddenly his eyes stopped moving and they burned straight into me . 
 ` what , boy , do you know about missile ? ' 
 he said slowly . 
 ` nothing , ' i said . 
 sally leant with her back on the silver rail where the dishcloths were hanging to warm on the range . 
 she folded her arms and waited for me to answer the question . 
 and then i remembered what spartan had said : he was looking for a man who looked like a shrivelled bean , or a leprechaun -- for preston . 
 i had to think quickly . 
 i wanted to stay at the farm . 
 i decided to tell as much of the truth as i could . 
 so i left out the knife , the school stuff , the c.c.c. , the police , the fight with spartan , the fact that i 'd run away -- but i did tell them that i used to work in a pub . 
 and i said that one night this guy had come in and asked me about a horse . 
 ` what kind of guy ? ' 
 asked preston . 
 ` was he a big guy ? ' 
 everybody must have seemed big to preston so i said yes . 
 that was n't giving too much away . 
 ` did he have a tattoo ? ' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded . 
 ` a dragon on one arm , and horseshoe on the other , ' i said . 
 ` it 's him , ' sighed sally . 
 preston stepped forwards , his eyes still burning into mine . 
 ` what did you tell him ? ' 
 he demanded . 
 ` nothing , i did n't know what he was talking about . 
 i still do n't . 
 why is everybody so interested in this horse ? 
 i do n't know anything about horses . 
 i just plate up dinners , collect the empties and do the washing up . 
 he just asked me because he knew i hear about a lot of stuff in the pub . ' 
 sally nodded . 
 ` i believe him , ' she said . 
 preston kept looking at me . 
 ` he 's a liar , ' he said , ` there 's no doubt about that . 
 he 's a bare-faced , gold-plated liar of the first order , ' he added . 
 ` then again , he clearly knows nothing about horses -- i think that part is true . ' 
 ` there 's only one way to find out , ' said sally , pushing herself off the rail on the range . 
 ` you can work with preston today , clint , we 'll find out if you 're as useful as you pretend to be . ' 
 sally looked very serious -- she focussed on preston . 
 ` i 've got to take the vegetables to town . 
 let me know how he gets on . ' 
 sally left the kitchen . 
 i heard her pick up a bunch of keys and the banging of her boots as she shoved her feet into them . 
 preston nodded towards the door . 
 i walked in front of him into the hall ; we put our shoes and boots on and stepped outside and towards the stables . 
 i was in . 
 i wanted to stay and they were letting me stay . 
 what i realise now is that it was n't really my decision . 
 sally and preston would n't have let me go . 
 i was , perhaps , a prisoner -- not a visitor . 
 9 . 
 horses i did n't like horses . 
 the only horse i 'd ever seen close up was blackie and i was n't impressed . 
 preston took me to the stables . 
 there were four of them in a row and each contained a horse . 
 blackie was in the one nearest the farm buildings . 
 he stuck his head over the door and watched us as we marched up . 
 preston told me blackie had been rescued . 
 he said the horse was n't good for riding but he was good for pulling carts . 
 the last job blackie had done -lrb- apart from towing my father 's coffin -rrb- was working in the seaside town of fishford where blackie dragged tourists around the cobbled streets in a buggy . 
 ` blackie , ' said preston , ` is a bit like me . 
 he 's retired . 
 but the thing is , ' he added with a twinkle in his eye , ` i 've got a plan and blackie has n't . ' 
 i asked him what he meant . 
 ` i do n't want to end up like blackie , ' said preston . 
 i thought this was weird . 
 preston was talking about the horse as if it was a person . 
 ` blackie 's got no pension , ' said preston , almost as if blackie had messed up in some way . 
 ` blackie 's done nothing to look after his security in his old age . 
 now he 's just hanging on because sally 's taken pity on him . 
 i 've got bigger plans . ' 
 ` oh yes , ' i said . 
 ` i 'm getting a cottage , ' said preston , ` a nice one , out in the countryside . ' 
 in the next box was sally 's horse . 
 their names got to me . 
 they were stupid . 
 sonny was a big brown horse , young and strong . 
 preston said that sally rode sonny in races called point-to-points , where they had to jump over fences . 
 i was impressed -- to me sonny looked like a racehorse . 
 preston leant on the door and patted sonny 's face . 
 ` you do n't know much do you ? ' 
 i shrugged . 
 preston told me why sonny was n't a racehorse . 
 basically he was too big , too wide , too long in the neck and too short in the leg to win a real race . 
 ` you know about dinosaurs ? ' 
 asked preston . 
 ` yes , ' i said , ` what 's that got to do with anything ? ' 
 ` sonny is a great big diplodocus . 
 he sees a hedge and he does one of two things . 
 he eats it , or he ploughs straight through it . 
 he 's not got any class . ' 
 ` ok , ' i said , ` we do n't like sonny . ' 
 ` it 's not that we do n't like sonny , ' said preston . 
 ` it 's just that riding him is like taking a trip in a tank . 
 he smashes through . 
 he 's only any good if the going 's heavy and you 're running up a hill . 
 as a sprinter he 's like a bloody elephant . ' 
 preston scowled at sonny . 
 i felt sorry for the horse . 
 preston patted him on the nose . 
 ` he 's not a bad old lump , ' said preston . 
 ` there 's a time and place for a character like sonny . ' 
 ` i 'd never take him out in a race , ' he added . 
 ` people who know me would ask me what the hell i was doing . 
 i 've ridden for the man himself , did you know that ? 
 i was a stable lad when i was eleven . 
 i won my first race when i was thirteen years old . 
 i 've ridden some of the fastest animals in the world . ' 
 ` who 's the man himself ? ' 
 i asked . 
 preston swore as he walked to the next box . 
 ` piggott , ' he said , ` lester piggot , you 've heard of him ? ' 
 ` no , ' i said . 
 preston smacked his head in frustration and swore . 
 he took a long time to recover . 
 ` he was the best -- flat you understand , not jumps . ' 
 i knew that much -- there was flat racing and jump racing . 
 one was like a sprint for horses that ran like the wind , and the other was over fences , that was a more risky game . 
 dad preferred the flat racing -- he said that it was the true sport of kings . 
 preston told me that when he worked at the big stables it was his job to train and ride some of the horses lester piggott rode . 
 that 's how he got his nickname -- some people said he looked more like the real lester piggott than lester piggott himself . 
 ` they called me , ' said preston proudly , ` the short fellow . ' 
 i blinked and looked at preston . 
 it did n't seem a great name to me . 
 ` piggott was the long fellow and i was the short fellow -- how good is that ? ' 
 preston seemed proud of his name . 
 ` great , ' i said , ` it sounds really good . ' 
 ` i was the short fellow , ' said preston , leaning on the stable wall . 
 ` do n't you forget that . ' 
 to stop myself from laughing i asked him if he knew lester piggott . 
 ` of course i did , ' said preston , ` a great guy , a genius , but he kept himself to himself . 
 he was n't like me . 
 he was n't always talking . 
 lester let his horses do the talking . ' 
 the next stable had a pony in it which they were keeping for a girl in town called tamsin . 
 the horse was small and it had big brown eyes . 
 preston said the pony , who was called willow , was cute . 
 i nodded , wondering whether it was really necessary to learn all the sappy names of the horses . 
 then we reached the last box . 
 ` this is the one , said preston . 
 ` this is the one all the fuss is about . ' 
 he put his eyes on me . 
 they gleamed in the sunlight . 
 ` this is my security . ' 
 i looked into the box . 
 in the back , standing in the darkness stood a horse . 
 it was different , even i could tell . 
 its legs were strong , its neck long , with muscles rippling under the dark hair . 
 it was big like sonny , but it also looked lean and mean , like a boxer . 
 ` that , ' said preston , ` is what they call a true thoroughbred . ' 
 ` missile ? ' 
 i whispered . 
 the horse twitched and kicked . 
 ` four years old , faster than anything i 've ever ridden . 
 he 's a winner , boy . 
 he 's the one i 've been waiting for . ' 
 ` you 've retired . 
 you 're not going to ride him ? ' 
 i asked . 
 preston looked too old and skinny to control an animal like missile . 
 he laughed . 
 ` i was practically born on a horse . 
 i 'll die on one and in the time in between , i sit on them . 
 did you know about our race ? ' 
 i shook my head . 
 preston put his face really close to mine . 
 ` if you 're lying , boy , i can tell . ' 
 i told preston i did n't know anything about any race . 
 he nodded . 
 ` we took missile for an outing , a small race at a local course . 
 he won by eight lengths over a distance of well under a mile . ' 
 ` is that good ? ' 
 ` boy , you really do n't know anything , do you ? ' 
 i shook my head . 
 ` he 's a champion , a world-beater . ' 
 next we came to the place preston called the shed . 
 when he walked into the dilapidated room he muttered about the mess and put the empty plastic bags i 'd slept among back into a pile behind the rusty remains of old farming machines . 
 i did n't tell him that i knew the place already . 
 - - - they put me to work . 
 i had to muck the stables out , change the hay , give the horses the feed and put the bags in my old shed . 
 preston showed me how to look after the tack , all the things you need to ride horses . 
 if i was n't polishing old leather saddles with saddle soap or cleaning bridles and bits with metal polish , i 'd be brushing out the stables , hosing them down or just working with the horses in the fields . 
 at first i did n't like it -- i smelled like a horse . 
 but the smell wore off or i got used to it . 
 preston and i worked like that for days . 
 we did n't see much of sally , we just laboured with the horses . 
 missile had top-dollar treatment . 
 every morning at five am preston took missile out training on the beach . 
 it became my job to go with him . 
 preston would gallop the horse up and down the sand , then he 'd take him for laps of the field . 
 we had to go out that early to be sure nobody spotted us . 
 as the sun rose , preston and i would lead missile down the little lane , across the empty road and onto the beach . 
 i can remember the sound now , the clatter of missile 's hooves on the ground , preston chatting about horses he 'd ridden and how this one was the best he 'd ever seen and the ever-present roar of the surf . 
 i can still feel the sea air blast out all that hay , horse dung and saddle soap that seemed to cling to our skin . 
 we did n't talk much on the beach . 
 preston told me that horse racing was a really dangerous sport : more dangerous than motor racing , rugby or boxing . 
 a jockey like preston would pick up a lot of injuries . 
 he could n't always get the rides he wanted so very often he 'd find himself on an inexperienced horse or maybe one with a problem , like an injury or a flitty mind . 
 then preston would get thrown off , trampled on and busted up by the horse 's hooves . 
 to prove it he told me that four of his fingers were snapped , one of his shoulders was metal , his hips were held together with tungsten pins , his left leg was bent because it had n't re-set properly , his right foot was crushed in the middle and his back had been broken when a horse reared and fell on him . 
 he was a crooked stick man . 
 he told me about the racing too . 
 it was n't all about being trodden on . 
 it was about winning and preston had won a lot of races . 
 on one evening after i 'd watched him taking missile around the field , he told me something important : he 'd never won a really big race , like the derby or the oaks , he called them ` conditions races ' . 
 ` a conditions race , boy , is what i always wanted , that 's where the big money is -- but i never got the ride . 
 people like the man himself were always ahead of me . 
 and when i was in the frame , i was unlucky , i 'd get a hoof in the gob , or broken femur , or something like that . ' 
 the way preston rode missile made you think that he could never fall off . 
 it was like he was glued onto missile 's back . 
 neither missile nor preston seemed to make any effort as they flew over the ground together . 
 they 'd come at you , kind of floating silently over the ground . 
 you 'd hear the thunder of hooves , but only when they were on you . 
 and , in an instant , they 'd be gone , slipping away like a silent missile . 
 but whenever they finished they were always both out of breath , snorting like dragons . 
 i remember one evening i had to help preston get down from his saddle . 
 preston leant on my shoulder , wheezing . 
 ` how old are you , preston ? ' 
 i asked . 
 his eyes shifted around . 
 ` dunno , ' he said , grabbing missile 's bridle . 
 ` about fifty , at a pinch . ' 
 i guessed he was much older than that . 
 ` give me a hand , will you ? ' 
 he said . 
 he handed me the bridle and put his arm around my shoulder and leant on me so that i took some of his weight . 
 he was surprisingly heavy for such a small man . 
 it must have been all the metal , i thought . 
 after we 'd put missile away for the night we walked slowly back down to the yard . 
 i could see by the way preston twisted his face in pain as he stepped over the old slate flagstones that the pins and the things in his legs hurt . 
 i did n't think it was very good for preston to do all that riding . 
 but he just laughed . 
 ` i ca n't do anything else , ' he said . 
 that evening i washed down the yard , shifted the hay and barrowed off the horse dung to the big pile for mad keith to spread on his garden . 
 preston went into the house for a bath and a long sleep in front of the old telly that sally kept in the big living room . 
 10 . 
 the letter preston and i did n't see all that much of sally . 
 she was busy with the garden and selling vegetables . 
 she was always driving off in her mini with boxes of tomatoes and lettuces or beetroots and peas for restaurants and shops around the county . 
 in the evenings the three of us would eat together and then i 'd go to bed in my room at the top of the house . 
 keith preferred to cook for himself outside in the garden ; he only ventured into the house once in a while . 
 i remember that i was so tired at the end of the day , that i 'd crawl up the staircases to my room and sleep until it was time to start work on the horses again . 
 i 'd be up at half-past four in the morning . 
 i did n't watch tv , i did n't have a mobile , the house phone had been cut off years ago . 
 i could have been in outer mongolia and nobody would have been any the wiser . 
 things went on like this for a couple of weeks and , although i did n't know it at the time , i was happy . 
 i had n't forgotten about mum and the pub and all the school stuff . 
 i just did n't want to go there , if you know what i mean . 
 i knew that mum would be worried about me but i reasoned that i was actually in a much safer place with sally , preston and mad keith than i was with her . 
 the last thing spartan said to me was that he wanted to kill me . 
 i did n't want mum to have to deal with him actually doing that as well as everything else . 
 perhaps what i did was wrong but i thought that if mum knew that i was safe she would n't worry . 
 so one day i wrote her a letter . 
 i did n't want to give anything away so i made it short and simple : ` mum , i 'm ok , in fact i 'm better than ok . 
 back soon . 
 no worries . 
 another day , another deutschmark . 
 love clint ' i stuck the letter in an envelope from the desk in the big living room and then i asked sally to post it for me . 
 i knew that the police or the social worker or , at the very least , mum and spartan would be looking for me , so i made sure i asked her on a day when she was going far away in her mini . 
 she went miles in that thing . 
 that way if they traced the letter to the post office it was sent from they would n't be anywhere near parchman farm . 
 i only found out afterwards . 
 she never even posted the letter . 
 sally was happy to let me believe that i was the smart one . 
 she knew mum and spartan were looking for me . 
 she knew how old i was , she knew that the cops and the teachers were practically tearing up the county looking for me . 
 but she never said anything to anyone . 
 she was cool like that . 
 sometimes sally would ask me questions about where i was from and what i was going to do next . 
 from time to time she 'd try and catch me out with questions about surfing and my friend splish . 
 she even asked me to bring him around for tea . 
 i 'd said i would , although i knew this would be difficult because there was no splish . 
 i was beginning to think that preston almost counted as a friend , but he was different , he was too obsessed about his own ` security ' to be a real friend . 
 sally and i were playing games . 
 she 'd try to trip me up with her questions and i 'd try to trip her up with mine . 
 sally knew i was hiding things from her and i knew there were some strange things going on at parchman farm -- and i do n't just mean the people . 
 we were in the kitchen one evening . 
 sally was clearing ash out of the range . 
 i 'd just come in for a cup of tea . 
 she 'd been asking me questions , you know the kind of thing -- where i 'd gone to school , did i have any brothers or sisters , where were my surfing mates ? 
 ` so who is this spartan ? ' 
 i asked as i put the old kettle on the hot plate . 
 sally pretended to be really interested in the dust from the fire . 
 ` just a guy , ' she said . 
 ` was he your boyfriend ? ' 
 ` do n't be daft . ' 
 ` where did you get missile from ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` found her on the side of the road , ' said sally , hiding her head in the hole where the ash comes out . 
 ` like blackie , ' she added , as she poked around the fire . 
 ` you know me , i ca n't let a stray horse suffer . 
 how many times have i told you ? ' 
 ` why do we have to keep missile so secret ? ' 
 ` to keep the odds down , he 's got to come from nowhere . ' 
 ` but why does spartan want missile ? ' 
 i persisted . 
 ` would n't you want a great horse like that ? 
 he 's probably jealous . ' 
 ` yes but who is he ? 
 how do you know him ? ' 
 ` i know a lot of people , ' said sally , still pretending to clean out the fire . 
 ` he 's not his horse , is he ? ' 
 i asked . 
 that was all sally could take . 
 she twisted around and stood up , still holding the poker . 
 ` of course he 's not his bloody horse , missile is mine , got it ? 
 now shut up asking stupid questions . ' 
 sally pointed the poker at my face . 
 she looked really mad . 
 ` sorry , ' i said , ` i was only asking . ' 
 after that sally stopped talking to me about surfing and i stopped asking her about spartan . 
 - - - a couple of days later , in the evening , i was in the big living room in the farmhouse . 
 it was a massive room with high ceilings . 
 there were bookcases filled with yellowing farming books and on the walls there were fading paintings of horses and fish . 
 there was even a stuffed pheasant in a glass box . 
 the chairs were saggy , with holes where the stuffing fluffed out ; there was a huge wooden table in the window covered in old newspapers , letters and bills from years back , and two brass candlesticks on it . 
 above everything hung a fat light bulb , dangling down from the yellowing ceiling on a cobwebby cable . 
 there was a tv in the corner -- a really ancient one . 
 the round screen was in a wooden box , and it only worked if you left it on for five minutes to warm up . 
 and even then , we did n't get programmes , because the aerial had blown off the roof in the storm . 
 the tv was plugged into an old vcr video recorder . 
 sally had about ten films . 
 they were all rubbish . 
 one of them was called black beauty , i was watching that . 
 it was super rubbish . 
 oh , and one other thing , the picture was black and white -- how weird is that ? 
 sally came in . 
 ` listen , ' she said . 
 i looked up . 
 ` if you breathe a word of this to anybody you 'll be in real trouble . 
 not like the trouble you 're probably already in . 
 i mean serious trouble . ' 
 i nodded . 
 i did n't think sally 's trouble could be anything like as bad as my trouble . 
 ` it 's about missile , ' she said . 
 i sat up . 
 i went to the telly and switched it off . 
 ` we 're entering for a race , ' she said , ` a big one . ' 
 i felt a rush of excitement . 
 i 'd listened to preston talking about horse racing so much that i felt i almost knew all the tracks . 
 i knew their names from dad and the racing post , but then they were just names . 
 from preston i 'd learned about the hill at cheltenham , the sound of the crowd in the york , the right-hand turn at ascot , the dip at newmarket , and the great looping circuit at fairyhouse . 
 i wanted to see those places -- to be there . 
 i wanted to win . 
 ` which one ? ' 
 i said . 
 ` where ? 
 when ? ' 
 ` it does n't matter , ' said sally . 
 ` we 've got to get missile racing fit . 
 this is our only chance , clint , preston 's told me -- this is going to be his last big one . ' 
 11 . 
 training before i tell you what went wrong i need to put down what went right . 
 preston was an expert . 
 he 'd spent his entire life with horses . 
 he kept missile well . 
 the horse was on a good diet . 
 he was lean but strong . 
 but he was n't race fit . 
 preston told me , as i brushed out all the old straw from missile 's stable , that to get race fit you 've got to turn the volume up -- right the way to number eleven . 
 so that the horse is just about bursting with strength and energy and can only think about one thing -- running . 
 ` you ca n't keep an animal like that for long , ' said preston , as i shovelled everything into my wheelbarrow . 
 ` it 'd wear ’em out , give ’em nervous problems . 
 horses are no different to us , ' he added , ` they get stressed out -- jumpy . 
 that 's when they make mistakes -- just like us . ' 
 i looked at preston , he always looked a little nervous to me . 
 he was fidgety , he never knew what to do with his hands and his eyes were always looking over your shoulder , as if he was watching out for horse thieves . 
 ` i 'm talking about olympic sprinters or premiership football players -- you have to rest them up every now and again , and then slowly you got ta turn the screw , so that one day they 're ready . 
 you just have to hope to god that the day they 're ready is the same as the day the game is on . ' 
 so that 's what we did . 
 gradually preston and i increased missile 's training . 
 instead of a half-an-hour splashing along the beach in the surf , we did longer sessions at full pace . 
 and , if the coast was clear in the evening , we took him back for a second gallop just before sunset . 
 preston and missile practically flew across the sand . 
 every morning after the gallop he 'd dismount and lead missile as i stood by the waterline with preston 's old stopwatch . 
 ` how fast , clint ? ' 
 he 'd say , snorting and panting just the same as missile . 
 ` faster , ' i 'd say . 
 ` two seconds up . ' 
 he 'd hand me the bridle and i 'd throw a blanket over missile 's back and walk him home to the yard . 
 preston would hang back , sit on a bench and smoke a cigarette . 
 the stress was getting to him more than the horse . 
 apart from gallops , which was like sprint training , it was pretty much like going to a gym , but horse-style , if you know what i mean . 
 we did long walks for endurance . 
 missile was n't so keen on them . 
 missile was like preston , all he wanted to do was go fast . 
 one morning we were walking back to the farm along the little lane . 
 ` so it 's the derby we 're going for ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` do n't get your hopes up , we ca n't enter for a group one classic , missile has n't got the form . 
 a middle one , maybe even a group two at a reputable course , with a good pot at one of the big flat meetings , is what we want . 
 we 've picked a race with a good pot . 
 we 're entering him in the sultan 's stakes and if we win we pocket a cool # 87,000 . ' 
 ` wow , ' i said . 
 ` and if we back the horse with enough money -- because she 'll be at very long odds -- we can make that closer to a million , ' grinned preston . 
 my jaw dropped , my face must have looked incredibly dumb because preston started laughing . 
 ` you did n't think we were doing all this for the good of our health ? 
 we 're going to win . 
 we 're going to pay back all the debts on the farm , sort out sally a gas cooker and i 'm walking away with my share -- enough to buy myself a nice little cottage in the countryside . 
 i 'm too old for all this charging around . ' 
 ` a million , ' i said . 
 ` i knew missile was good , but i did n't realise he was that good . ' 
 ` you 'll get some , ' smiled preston . 
 ` do n't blow it all on cars and girls . ' 
 i laughed out loud . 
 ` you know what , preston ? ' 
 i said . 
 ` what ? ' 
 said preston . 
 ` the most money i 've ever had is a twenty , and that was from my dad when he won a hundred quid on a horse . ' 
 ` which one ? ' 
 asked preston . 
 the more we worked the fitter and better we all got . 
 even i could tell . 
 i was getting stronger . 
 my shoulders were filling out . 
 my hair was longer . 
 sally used to say that i was starting to look like a real surfer . 
 12 . 
 mistakes it 's a law of nature -- when you think things are balanced up nicely , something will unbalance it . 
 when i was fourteen , and living in parchman farm , i did n't know this . 
 it was about five o’clock in the morning . 
 i 'd just got downstairs . 
 it was midsummer . 
 there was no problem waking in the morning . 
 i could n't sleep at the top of the house , with the dawn rays of the sunrise splashing in through my little window . 
 i walked down to the kitchen to find sally already there . 
 ` morning , sally , ' i said . 
 ` take a seat , ' said sally . 
 sally was cooking up some bacon on the big range , there was toast popping out of the toaster and tea on the go . 
 she was wearing her ` going to town ' clothes : her best jeans , brown boots and bright check shirt . 
 her long orange air crashed down her back like a waterfall . 
 maybe i 'm not poetic enough . 
 because i was going to say : ` like a waterfall of molten lava ' because that 's how her curly red hair looked . 
 she did n't look like a volcano . 
 she looked like serious sally . 
 always a serious look on her face with just a hint of a half-smile . 
 just enough so that you could n't tell what she was thinking . 
 i was sitting at the breakfast table eating some toast , listening to the sound of serious sally 's bacon spitting . 
 i watched her and thought that really , she was dead fit . 
 i mean she was old -- maybe even older than my mother , but she was fit , if you know what i mean . 
 i must have just lost track of time or forgotten what i was doing , because i found myself still staring at her arse and the curve of her jeans , even though she 'd turned around from the cooker and was facing me . 
 ` you 're a good-looking boy , ' said sally , plopping the bacon down on my plate . 
 i can still smell that smell : bacon and sally 's perfume , or maybe it was her shampoo . 
 i looked up at sally . 
 her eyes were really pretty . 
 the little wrinkles around the edges and the blue make up she had on her eyelids made them starry and bright . 
 ` but you 're too young for me , ' she said . 
 i went red . 
 it was as if she 'd read my mind . 
 ` how old 's your mother ? ' 
 asked sally . 
 ` thirty-seven , ' i said without thinking . 
 i did n't like sally asking questions about who i was , so i used to make stuff up . 
 mum was actually thirty-nine . 
 ` so she had you when she was twenty . 
 that 's very young . 
 you know what , clint , i 'm even older than your mother . 
 you ca n't possibly fancy me . ' 
 ` you 're dead pretty , ' i said . 
 it just came out . 
 i was surprised . 
 i still am . 
 ` that 's very kind of you , ' she said , ` but there 's only one pretty person around here and guess what ? 
 -- that 's you . 
 now take a bacon sarnie out to keith in the garden before he starts complaining . ' 
 sally put a couple of slices of bread around one of the bacons . 
 then she looked at me . 
 that same serious look with the smile inside it . 
 she bent down and kissed my forehead . 
 then she ruffled my hair . 
 ` you 're a good kid . 
 i wish i 'd had one like you . ' 
 i looked up at her . 
 i wanted to kiss her properly . 
 but i stopped . 
 she was brushing a tear out of her eye with the tip of her finger . 
 ` dust , ' she said , leaving me with mad keith 's sandwich . 
 i ran into the garden . 
 i felt really stupid , more like embarrassed . 
 as i listened to sally 's mini screeching off i felt like i 'd done the wrong thing . 
 because the truth was i did really like sally , but telling her , trying to kiss her . 
 what a pathetic move ! 
 i was sure she thought i was crazy . 
 as crazy as keith . 
 it was already hot in the garden . 
 the sun was baking up the walls . 
 i knew keith was in there but i could n't find him . 
 i shouted for him as i walked through the rows of redcurrants and raspberries set out on the ground like soldiers on a parade ground . 
 i walked through the lines of leeks and potatoes holding out his sandwich until i finally came to the peas . 
 there , sitting on the ground between two lines of pea plants was keith , muttering to himself . 
 he was popping pea pods . 
 he was placing each pea carefully next to the plant it had come from in a series of long lines -- he really did like things neat , did keith . 
 if it was n't in a line it was n't right . 
 i did n't see them at first . 
 i trod on them , scattering the little round green peas . 
 i held out his sandwich . 
 ` sally says sorry it 's late , ' i said . 
 ` noooooooh , ' shouted keith , pointing at my feet . 
 i looked down and suddenly saw i 'd accidently disrupted the long lines of peas . 
 ` woah , sorry , keith , ' i said , ` i did n't realise you were , er -- lining up the peas . ' 
 keith jumped up and dived at me . 
 he tackled me and drove me off the peas and we crashed into the rhubarb in the next row . 
 my head smashed into the earth and i wriggled up sputtering earth out of my mouth . 
 ` all the peas are gone , ' he shouted as he hurried back to the spot where i 'd broken the line . 
 ` sorry , man , ' i said , ` i did n't know . ' 
 ` and the sky is grey , ' he muttered as he started to search for the peas i 'd kicked or squashed . 
 i scrambled out of the rhubarb . 
 i knelt down to try to help . 
 ` i 'm sorry , mate , ' i said . 
 all the peas are gone , and the sky is grey . 
 that 's what he said . 
 then he started speaking in his own language . 
 i understood him pretty well now . 
 to people who did n't know him it must have sounded incredibly weird -- almost like an alien language . 
 but actually it was n't so difficult to understand and it helped that keith spent most of his time in the walled garden so he did n't have much to talk about that was n't to do with what went on inside the garden . 
 he was talking about the peas . 
 ` you ok ? ' 
 he asked . 
 mad keith was n't mad at all , you see . 
 there was the language thing , the garden thing , the not-washing thing , the bad clothes thing , the weird thing about lining up the vegetables , but in some ways he was really clever . 
 he knew everything about some stuff and absolutely nothing about others . 
 and no matter how many times you told him other stuff , he 'd forget . 
 practically every morning i told him stuff about manchester united . 
 if you asked him five minutes later -- he 'd have forgotten . 
 the fact was keith was the only one who knew how to make that garden grow . 
 that was clever . 
 it was keith who kept sally , preston , me , missile and all the other horses going . 
 keith was the smart one and the mad one , both at the same time . 
 ` oi , ' i said , rubbing my head . 
 keith just looked at me . 
 he muttered something in his own language . 
 i think it meant ` dick-head ' . 
 we straightened out the lines . 
 - - - i went back to the house , fixed preston 's breakfast and then we set out to bring missile down to the beach . 
 that would usually have been at about five or six in the morning . 
 but we were very late that day because of the pea thing in the garden . 
 i stood on the shore as usual with the blanket for the horse and two buckets of water , one to throw over the horse -lrb- the salt sea water clogs a horse 's coat -rrb- and one for missile to drink . 
 i was thinking about that little scene with sally that morning . 
 i did n't care anymore . 
 i was glad she knew i thought she was fit . 
 the tide was out so i suppose i was about half-a-mile from the sand dunes and the little lane that led back to the farm . 
 i was in the middle of the flat , sandy beach , watching preston and missile zoom towards me . 
 i kept thinking about sally , my mind was n't on the job . 
 i was thinking to myself : ` what would have happened if i had kissed her ? ' 
 preston and missile had started miles off with the cliffs behind them and slowly they were galloping nearer and nearer . 
 i held the stopwatch in my hand , they were going well . 
 it was going to be a good time . 
 at this time of day the beach was still usually empty . 
 occasionally a few surfers would show up ; or maybe some campers from the dunes . 
 but today the sea was calm . 
 we had the place to ourselves . 
 preston and missile could charge around in any direction they cared to without anybody seeing us . 
 i 'd drawn a line in the sand . 
 i always did . 
 that was the finishing line . 
 preston and missile had to go until they crossed the line . 
 it was no good slowing up before it . 
 that was something missile had to learn . 
 he 'd only had one race and he 'd won it by so much he 'd practically stopped to chew on the grass before he crossed his first finishing line . 
 preston and i were concentrating on getting missile to keep going until after he crossed the line . 
 the horse came nearer . 
 i could hear the pounding of the hooves and the snorting . 
 i could see preston crouched low and small on missile 's back . 
 they were so close now i could see preston 's face . 
 i was still thinking about sally though . 
 whichever way i looked at it -- it was n't going to work for us . 
 she was about forty and i was seventeen -- well , fourteen . 
 that 's too big an age difference . 
 ` keep going , ' i shouted , without really paying attention . 
 ` go for the line . ' 
 then , out of nowhere a kid stepped onto the track -- well , the sand if you see what i mean . 
 he just sauntered in front of my line almost as if he did n't know what we were doing . 
 he appeared from nowhere . 
 preston and missile were crashing up towards him . 
 i suppose he thought they 'd swerve to avoid him but they were going at full tilt . 
 or he did n't see them . 
 he must have been blind . 
 i suppose the kid did n't realise we 'd trained the horse to go for the line and he was standing right in front of it . 
 i did n't think . 
 i did n't have time to . 
 i ran at the kid . 
 i knew there was no chance of preston pulling missile up . 
 so i dived at the kid and kind of rugby-tackled him . 
 i drove him out of the way of missile and we rolled into the sea . 
 missile must have been spooked by this because i heard a scream from the horse . 
 i twisted and saw missile rising up on his back legs and preston flying off into the air . 
 missile charged away up towards the dunes . 
 preston smacked onto the beach and lay there , groaning . 
 ` what do you think you 're doing ? ' 
 i shouted . 
 i still had the little kid in my hands . 
 the kid struggled and splashed and swore at me . 
 he was really wriggly . 
 he 'd almost got himself killed , he 'd nearly killed preston and missile was scared out of his wits . 
 i punched him , bang on the nose . 
 he stopped wriggling . 
 i stood up . 
 picking the kid out of the water . 
 he was about twelve . 
 then i paid attention . 
 it was dexter . 
 blood was pouring out of his nose . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' he blubbed , ` do n't hit me . 
 i did n't mean to do it . 
 i was just standing by the sea . ' 
 he bent down and picked his broken glasses out of the water . 
 i suppose dexter was shocked . 
 after all , as far as he was concerned , he 'd just almost been run over by a racehorse , he 'd been chucked in the sea and beaten up . 
 not a good start to the day , even by dexter 's standards . 
 i dragged dexter with me as i hurried towards preston who was still flat on his back . 
 ` what the hell are you doing here ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` c.c.c. trip , ' he said . 
 ` end of term . ' 
 then i twigged . 
 andrew must have decided to take his team of roughnecks to a surfing beach for a bit of a day out . 
 i did n't let dexter out of my grip . 
 i dragged him to preston . 
 he still had n't moved . 
 he groaned when i tried to pull him up . 
 ` nothing broken , ' whispered preston , ` i think . 
 get after the horse . ' 
 dexter and i yanked preston onto his feet . 
 his right side was all cut and bruised . 
 his eye was black and he had a bleeding nose too . 
 i told dexter to help preston back to the farm . 
 i ran after the horse . 
 then i turned and hurried back . 
 ` dexter , if this is a beach fun day , where are the others : carlos , the teachers ? ' 
 dexter pointed at the road . 
 i could just about make the shapes of the kids shambling onto the beach from a white minibus right at the top of the beach . 
 they had n't spotted us . 
 i ran for the horse . 
 i kept as far away from the road as possible . 
 dexter and preston limped back towards the farm as best they could . 
 it was n't hard finding missile . 
 he 'd run up the beach and into the dunes . 
 by the time i reached him he was pacing around in the long marram grass . 
 he looked huge and out of place , almost like a dinosaur or an alien creature . 
 not a diplodocus though , something lean , mean , angry and strong . 
 i crept into a sand hole and stuck my head over the top . 
 missile looked nervous , breathless , he kept shaking his neck and almost snarling . 
 i do n't think he appreciated working with amateurs . 
 sweat was pouring off his neck and he banged the sand with his hooves . 
 i watched and waited . 
 slowly he began to cool down . 
 i could see he was still a bit jumpy but gradually his breathing began to come down and then , after a bit more head-tossing and hoof-stamping , he began to chew on the long dry grass . 
 i guessed that was a good time to make my presence felt . 
 i decided to be upfront . 
 i did n't want to surprise him again . 
 ` missile , ' i said , in my happiest voice , without showing my face , then i stood up so that he could see me . 
 he just munched the grass , pretending to be cool , as if i was the one who 'd lost their rag in a crisis , so i walked up to him as if nothing had happened . 
 ` how you doing ? ' 
 i said , in the most conversational way i could think of . 
 ` i 'm ok , bit of a problem on the beach with preston and dexter , but , speaking personally , i 'd say i was fine . 
 apart from with sally . 
 you 'll never guess what i said . ' 
 i told the horse about me fancying sally missile raised his head and looked at me . 
 he kind of cocked his head on one side : ` you dick-head . ' 
 i laughed . 
 ` oh , and the guys from the c.c.c. have showed up on our beach . 
 if they find me i think i 'll be locked up . 
 prison . 
 you know what i mean ? 
 throw away the keys sort of thing . ' 
 i patted missile 's head . 
 for a big horse he was a bit of a softy . 
 he pushed his head into my shoulder . 
 he rubbed his nose on my neck . 
 ` man you 've got a wet nose , do n't sneeze , there 's a good boy . ' 
 missile made a noise , almost like a cat 's purr . 
 i laughed . 
 i was n't pretending now . 
 the horse was making me laugh . 
 ` i never realised you were such a soft touch , ' i said , patting his neck . 
 ` look , ' i said , ` i 've got to get us back to the farm without the geeks on the beach spotting us . 
 can we go round the back ? ' 
 then i led missile by the bridle to the edge of the dunes and into the fields . 
 that way we skirted the beach and landed up coming down to the stables from exactly the same direction as i did when i first ran away , past the cows and the farmer with his posh 4x4 . 
 i could n't help thinking how friendly missile was . 
 i talked to him and he seemed to like it . 
 the funny thing was -- i liked talking to him . 
 i was going to say that he was the first person i 'd really spoken to for ages . 
 but he was a horse . 
 he felt like a person . 
 i thought that he really was listening to me . 
 i got him back to his stable . 
 ` there you go . ' 
 i said , ` now , i 'm sorry about this morning . 
 i 'm going to see if that kid you nearly trampled on is ok . ' 
 missile seemed cool with that , so i closed the bottom stable door and set off for the house . 
 as i walked into the yard i could see preston and dexter slowly limping slowly towards me . 
 preston was in a bad way . 
 he could only do about three steps , then he 'd have to take a breather leaning on dexter 's shoulder . 
 they were both covered in blood . 
 as they entered the yard sally 's mini zoomed into view . 
 she was back from her first veg delivery . 
 she sprang out of the car , she looked at me , then the other two . 
 ` what the hell 's been going on ? ' 
 she yelled . 
 her face was black with anger . 
 ` where 's missile ? ' 
 she demanded . 
 ` missile 's fine , ' i said , ` he 's in his stable . ' 
 ` so what 's with these two ? 
 you been fighting ? ' 
 shouted sally . 
 ` they look like refugees from a war zone . ' 
 ` this kid spooked missile on the beach , ' said preston . 
 ` who the hell is he ? ' 
 snarled sally . 
 i could see dexter was nearly crying . 
 i knew i needed to shut dexter up . 
 so i ran down to him and shoved preston 's arm off his shoulder and onto mine . 
 ` this is splish , ' i said , ` my old surfing buddy . ' 
 dexter knew better than to disagree with me . 
 the one thing being in the c.c.c. teaches you is you never tell anybody anything until you figure out exactly what 's going on . 
 dexter just nodded . 
 ` splish ?? ' 
 snarled sally . 
 ` if his name 's splish i 'm miley cyrus . ' 
 i just carried on pulling preston towards the house . 
 ` he was down on the shoreline checking out the waves . 
 he did n't see the horse . 
 he could have been killed . ' 
 dexter nodded . 
 ` can he speak ? ' 
 asked sally . 
 ` of course he can , ' i said . 
 but dexter did n't say anything . 
 he just looked around trying to stop the blood dripping onto his t shirt . 
 ` come on , sally , ' i said . 
 ` help me with preston , he 's bad . ' 
 sally could see that . 
 she stopped complaining and helped me and dexter get preston inside . 
 we laid preston out on the settee in the big sitting room . 
 preston passed out . 
 sally went mad . 
 now she was really serious . 
 ` i ca n't believe you 've done this . 
 i let you in my house . 
 i feed you . 
 i help you out and this is how you repay me . 
 you kill my bloody jockey . 
 who 's going to ride missile now ? 
 ` preston will , ' i said , ` he 's tough as nails . 
 he 'll be back in the saddle by race time . 
 we 've got weeks . ' 
 sally glared at me , then dexter . 
 dexter looked pathetic . 
 dried blood was caked around the end of his nose . 
 his t-shirt and jeans were soaking . 
 he held his broken glasses in his cold clammy hand . 
 his skinny little arms were covered in grazes . 
 ` who is this crappy little twerp ? ' 
 asked sally . 
 i had to think quickly . 
 i could n't let dexter go . 
 i could n't risk it . 
 there was a good chance he 'd just run to the beach and bring everyone back to get me . 
 for all i knew there was a reward out for me . 
 ` splish , ' i said . 
 ` he 's had a shock . ' 
 preston let out a strange gurgling sound . 
 his body twitched . 
 he was out cold . 
 sally shouted at me , ` you 're a dead loss , clint , ' as she rushed out of the room . 
 i heard the jingle of her car keys . 
 ` you 're a waste of space . ' 
 13 . 
 dexter i led dexter into the kitchen . 
 i told him to wash his face . 
 i gave him some clean clothes and a roll of masking tape to stick his glasses back together . 
 then i went back to the room to see how preston was doing . 
 he did n't look good . 
 he was breathing . 
 but his whole body had gone white , and his muscles kept twitching . 
 dexter came in . 
 ` clint , man , i thought you were dead . ' 
 ` wrong again , dexter , ' he said . 
 ` preston 's the one who 's breathing his last . ' 
 i heard sally 's mini screech back into the yard . 
 i guess she 'd been up to the farmer 's house to call for doctor . 
 she rushed into the living room . 
 ` get him out of here , ' she yelled , pointing at dexter . 
 i did what i was told . 
 i left sally with the half-dead jockey and set off towards the beach with dexter . 
 ` good to see you , clint , ' said dexter , after a while . 
 i laughed . 
 there was something about dexter . 
 he said the dumbest things . 
 he 'd just half-killed a man , been punched in the face and nearly got trampled by a race horse and all he says is : ` good to see you ' . 
 ` they 're searching for you , man , ' said dexter . 
 i smiled at dexter . 
 he was a nice guy , but he was n't the brightest banana in the bunch , if you know what i mean . 
 ` dexter , they 're looking for you , ' i said . 
 ` as far as they 're concerned you 've just done a me . ' 
 dexter blinked at me . 
 he did n't get it . 
 ` you 've just disappeared off the beach -- they think you 've done a runner . ' 
 a smile crossed dexter 's face . 
 ` nice one , ' he said . 
 ` you better go back , ' i said . 
 ` look , i 'm sorry i smashed your nose . ' 
 dexter shrugged . 
 ` you saved my life . 
 i 'd be dead if it was n't for you . ' 
 i thought about this for a minute . 
 i supposed he was right . 
 in a way it made me feel kind of proud . 
 ` i owe you one , i 'll keep quiet , ' he said . 
 ` do n't worry . ' 
 i remember wondering about dexter at the time . 
 could i trust him ? 
 ` i want you to do me a favour , dexter . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 asked dexter . 
 ` it 's nothing bad . 
 i just want you to check on my mum . 
 make sure she 's ok . 
 but do n't tell her where i am . 
 if you do that i 'll have to kill you , simple as that . ' 
 dexter nodded seriously , as if he really did think that i made a habit of killing people . 
 his eyes were wide behind their stuck-together glasses . 
 i was quite pleased actually , dexter looked scared . 
 that was good . 
 he 'd be much less likely to drop me in it if he was scared . 
 then dexter ran off towards the beach . 
 i kept low and watched him . 
 i saw him talking to the other kids . 
 i saw him pointing at the sea . 
 he kept his word . 
 he kept them all far away from the little lane to parchman farm . 
 i walked back slowly . 
 seeing dexter and the other guys from the c.c.c. changed things . 
 by the time i reached the yard i have to say i did n't know what i was doing there . 
 it was n't my place . 
 sally was right . 
 i did n't know the first thing about horses or vegetables or anything to do with parchman farm . 
 i was a stranger from a different town . 
 i should have been with dexter and the kids on the beach . 
 i understood them fine . 
 another car zoomed into the courtyard . 
 this was a silver beamer , one year old , worth about # 50k . 
 a smart-looking guy in a blue suit stepped out . 
 it was the doc . 
 given the state of preston i thought it might have been better to have called the vet to have him put down . 
 the doc stepped out of the car . 
 he looked at me . 
 i looked at him . 
 he reminded me of a teacher . 
 ` is this parchman farm ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` yes , ' i said . 
 ` good , ' he said . 
 ` i 'm the doctor . ' 
 i felt like saying ` bully for you ' . 
 but i did n't . 
 ` go in through the front door , ' i said , ` but make sure you take your shoes off . ' 
 he hurried past me . 
 he did n't take his shoes off . 
 that afternoon i just walked missile around the field . 
 if he 'd hurt himself i wanted to give him plenty of time to recover . 
 then i went down to help keith in the garden . 
 i found him in a corner burning hedge trimmings . 
 well , that 's what i thought he was doing . 
 i started to help him throw sticks on the fire . 
 ` you killed preston , ' said keith . 
 i poked the fire with a stick . 
 it turned out keith could talk perfectly well when he wanted to . 
 ` of course i did n't , ' i said . 
 ` he fell off missile . ' 
 keith laughed . 
 ` it 's not a joke , he 's really bad , ' i said . 
 ` preston 's not dead ? ' 
 i shook my head . 
 then keith stuck his hand in his pocket . 
 he was wearing his big green army coat . 
 it had big pockets . 
 ` wan na rabbit ? ' 
 he asked . 
 before i could answer he pulled out this dead animal . 
 it was a little grey one , floppy and limp like a flannel . 
 he pulled out another one . 
 ` let 's eat rabbits , ' he said . 
 using his vegetable cutting knife , he slit his rabbit down the middle . 
 then he slipped its skin off , almost as if it was a coat . 
 then he cut its guts out . 
 then he shoved a stick through it and held it over the fire . 
 he handed me the knife . 
 ` that 's preston , ' said keith pointing at the pink creature slowly starting to blister up over the fire . 
 i felt sick . 
 i looked at mine : it had floppy ears and big wide eyes . 
 although it was dead i did n't really want to cut it open . 
 ` you scared of rabbits ? ' 
 asked keith . 
 ` no , ' i said . 
 i cut the skin and with a bit of difficulty i pulled it off . 
 i did n't do it as well as keith . 
 then i cut its belly open and flicked the insides out with the knife . 
 ` oi , ' said keith . 
 we sat there for half-an-hour cooking the rabbits . 
 then we ate them . 
 i hung around with keith until it started to get dark . 
 he did n't say much . 
 when we heard the doctor 's beamer go keith kept going on about how preston was dead like the rabbits and i kept telling him preston was n't dead . 
 as dusk fell i left keith in the garden and went back to the house . 
 i did n't want to talk to sally or preston . 
 they were in the big living room . 
 i could hear them talking in low voices . 
 preston could n't have been that bad because the doctor never sent him to hospital . 
 i went upstairs to the top of the falling-down house , lay in bed and watched the sunlight drain out of the day through my window . 
 i could n't sleep . 
 i just lay there looking up at the clouds skidding past the moon . 
 they made shapes . 
 some looked like fingers . 
 some looked like faces or fish or trees or eyes . 
 it was mum who was on my mind . 
 the more i thought about her , the more worried i became . 
 i should have been with her in the pub helping her , not lounging around in a farm by the seaside with a crazy jockey , a mad gardener and serious sally . 
 i mean , i wanted to help them but i wanted to help mum more . 
 she had to run a pub on her own and all she had for help was alexi the hungry ' un chef . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 but it seemed to me that the only thing for it would be to run away from the farm . 
 even at the time the idea seemed kind of cooky to me . 
 i mean how do you run away straight to the thing you 're actually really supposed to be running away from in the first place ? 
 the problem was simple -- if i went back to mum i reckoned i 'd either be killed by spartan or be arrested and put away in juve . 
 so in fact doing an un-run back to mum was n't an option . 
 you can see how my thoughts were going round and round . 
 no sooner had i decided to stay put then i 'd think : ` i should be helping mum . ' 
 i 'd go through the whole thing again . 
 realise that i could n't help her and ... until i thought about dad . 
 it 's strange how things catch up with you . 
 remember i said i missed him more and more ? 
 how when he died i did n't really notice ? 
 well , it was on this night that i really started to miss him . 
 i stopped thinking about mum and i thought about dad . 
 that made me cry . 
 i could see him in the clouds , in the moonlight -- there was one that went sailing past that reminded me of his nose . 
 i felt incredibly sad . 
 it 's very hard for me to describe this feeling , but it was as if my whole body was a ball of sadness . 
 i remembered him , not just at the flying boat , propped up in his bed with his radio on and his betting . 
 i remembered him before he got sick , when i was a kid , playing footy in the back lane with me , doing the commentary . 
 you know , he 'd give us names . 
 they were n't players i knew . 
 he was always steve coppell , i was kevin keegan . 
 ` coppell 's on the wing , ' he used to shout as he kept the ball from me . 
 ` he 's beaten one , he 's beaten two , oh my goodness ... it 's a goaaaal . 
 unbelievable ! 
 that 's what i call poetry in motion . ' 
 i watched the nose . 
 was he up there ? 
 i could hear his voice . 
 ` your kick-off , clint . ' 
 i just could n't believe he 'd gone . 
 the cloud blew away . 
 i scrambled to the window to see if i could see any more . 
 but all i saw was the shapeless night . 
 i felt completely lost . 
 i did n't know where i was or what i was doing . 
 or why . 
 the one thing i really wanted i knew i could never have . 
 perhaps i was only just starting to realise this . 
 i still do n't think it 's completely sunk in . 
 now when i see dad 's nose on a cloud , or when i hear someone using one of his expressions , i smile . 
 i even laugh out loud . 
 because now things like that show me that he really is still here . 
 that the more i remember him the more here and now he is . 
 one of dad 's expressions came back to me time and time again that night . 
 ` it 's never too late to duck . ' 
 what he meant was this . 
 keep your head down when something goes wrong . 
 if you move when things are going bad you 'll probably get shot . 
 he said it was the first thing they told him when he joined the army years ago . 
 even if a bullet has just missed your head , do n't stick your head up to have a look where it came from -- that 's when they get you . 
 14 . 
 riding for the man himself when the sun came up i 'd had no sleep but i 'd decided what to do , or rather what not to do . 
 i was n't going to run away back home . 
 i was going to stay put and wait to hear from dexter . 
 i was going to try to pretend that all the stuff that had happened the day before did n't matter . 
 at breakfast i found sally . 
 she was making toast and bacon , as usual . 
 ` hi , ' she said , she was wearing her jeans and one of her check shirts , with her brown boots . 
 she was looking good again . 
 ` hi , ' i said , yawning , pretending not to notice . 
 i asked after preston as sally presented me with a bacon sandwich . 
 ` nothing he has n't done before , ' said sally . 
 ` bruised and cracked ribs and a spot of concussion . 
 the doc reckons he ca n't ride for at least a month . 
 if he does he 'll dislocate the pins in his shoulder and hips . 
 as it stands , he ca n't really walk . ' 
 i bit into my sandwich . 
 ` when 's the race ? ' 
 ` less than a month , ' said sally . 
 ` well that 's it , ' i said . 
 i was almost relieved . 
 ` we ca n't enter missile . ' 
 sally nodded . 
 she had her back to me . 
 she was frying more bacon , putting together a tray for preston who had taken to his bed . 
 she seemed strangely happy . 
 ` hmmm , ' she said . 
 i could hear keith kicking off his boots at the front door . 
 keith hardly ever came into the house . 
 he must have been curious to find out whether preston was alive or dead . 
 keith slid into the kitchen in his socks . 
 before giving him his sandwich sally handed keith the tray and asked him to take it upstairs to preston 's bedroom . 
 then she brought me a cup of tea . 
 she sat close to me . 
 she looked straight into my eyes , half-serious , half-laughing . 
 ` you could do it , ' she said . 
 ` what ? ' 
 i asked . 
 she put her arm around my shoulder . 
 she whispered in my ear . 
 it was like she was filling my head up with honey . 
 ` train missile . ' 
 i could n't speak . 
 i just crammed as much bacon sarnie into my mouth as could . 
 even then i thought it was a mad idea . 
 but i wanted to trust sally . 
 maybe she knew something about missile i did n't . 
 maybe missile really was an easy horse to ride . 
 maybe she thought a lot of me . 
 ` that 's how preston earned his bread and butter , keeping horses race-fit for the big names -- he rode for the man himself , ' she said , as if i was supposed to be impressed . 
 ` i know , ' i said , ` he tells everybody the same story , they called him the short fellow and lester piggott was the long fellow . 
 a bit pathetic really . ' 
 ` come on , clint , we need you , ' said sally . 
 ` we really need you to keep missile in training so that preston can finish the job off . 
 what do you say ? ' 
 she put her face close to mine and stared straight into my eyes . 
 ` i dunno , ' i said , swallowing my sandwich . 
 ` i 'll teach you to ride . 
 we 'll have you galloping on missile in a couple of days . 
 preston reckons you can do it . 
 all you 've got to do is keep him galloping on the beach so that preston can ride him in the race . 
 he 's a quick healer . 
 he 'll be ready for it . ' 
 the idea of spending more time with sally sounded good to me . 
 i liked her when she was nice . 
 ` i dunno , ' i said , ` i ca n't ride horses and missile -- he 's big . 
 i 'm not sure i could do it . ' 
 i thought about preston clinging on to missile 's back . 
 sometimes when they galloped even he seemed to be hanging on for dear life . 
 what chance did i have ? 
 ` it 's very nice of you to ask , sally , ' i said , ` but i ca n't do it . ' 
 keith came back into the room and sally went back to the cooker where she fixed him a sandwich . 
 ` how 's the patient ? ' 
 she asked . 
 keith looked at me , then at sally . 
 ` morto , ' he said . 
 sally shrugged -- she did n't believe preston had just pegged it . 
 nor did i. ` oi , tea , ' said keith with a grin . 
 ` did preston tell you our idea ? ' 
 asked sally , handing keith another cup of tea for preston . 
 keith looked at me , shaking his head . 
 ` it 's brilliant , ' said sally . 
 ` he 's about the same size as preston , he 's got no weight on him , he 's perfect . ' 
 ` except i ca n't ride . ' 
 ` he 's a fast learner , ' said sally , ` and besides , we 've got nobody else . ' 
 keith 's eyes flashed with anger . 
 ` what about me ? ' 
 said keith , talking clearly in english to make sure we all understood him . 
 ` oh my goodness , ' she giggled , ` do n't tell me you 're jealous ... of him . ' 
 she pointed at me . 
 i felt embarrassed , not angry . 
 now sally seemed to be laughing at me . 
 i did n't like the pair of them talking about me as if i was n't there . 
 i took another bite of my bacon sandwich . 
 ` you 're too big , keith , ' said sally , ` there 's nothing we can do about that . 
 i 'm too big too . 
 if we 're going to keep missile 's training programme going we ca n't have his back squashed by great big lumps like me and you . 
 the reason why it has to be clint is simple : he 's short , he 's light and he 's strong . 
 all he 's got to do is learn to hang on . ' 
 that seemed to do it for keith . 
 he walked out of the kitchen . 
 i heard him stuffing his feet back into his shoes . 
 ` i 'm not doing it , ' i said . 
 ` no way . ' 
 15 . 
 racing i remember the first time i sat on a horse . 
 it was in the afternoon . 
 sally had been off delivering vegetables : beef tomatoes i think . 
 in the afternoon she came and found me . 
 i was with missile , brushing him down . 
 she marched up with keith in tow . 
 ` time for your first lesson , ' she said . 
 keith went into one of the stables . 
 he reappeared leading the pony , the one called willow that belonged to the girl , tamsin . 
 it was one of those splodgy horses , blotches of brown on white or perhaps splashes of white on brown . 
 compared to missile it looked like a cow . 
 i considered the horse , then sally , then keith , then missile , watching from the stables . 
 ` this is pathetic , ' i said . 
 ` it 's never going to work . ' 
 ` riding a horse is like riding a bike , ' said sally . 
 ` you 'll be fine , we 'll start you off on this one -- she 's a real doll . 
 we 'll just walk you round the field . ' 
 ` i 'm not doing it , ' i said . 
 i felt like a real idiot . 
 they were asking me to go pony trekking . 
 keith spoke to the horse in his own language . 
 ` come on , clint , there 's nobody around to see . 
 hop on , ' said sally . 
 i took a step back . 
 the horse turned its head . 
 it blinked at me . 
 ` you 're not scared of willow are you ? ' 
 she added with a smile . 
 i stepped forward . 
 i put my foot in keith 's hand and he bunked me up into the saddle . 
 it did n't feel too bad . 
 it was strange . 
 even on that little horse i felt high up , like i was in the cab of a transit . 
 sally and keith led me around the field . 
 that was weird too . 
 it was n't like riding a bike , although you had to stay balanced . 
 what was different was the thing underneath you . 
 when you pedal a bike it just rolls forwards . 
 this thing went up and down and swayed from side to side . 
 maybe it was more like being in a boat but i 'd never been on one of those either . 
 once , in school , they took us canoeing . 
 it was a bit like that . 
 oh yes -- there was another thing : when you ride a horse you 're sitting on an animal . 
 you suddenly realise that where you go depends on where it wants to go . 
 you do n't start a horse by turning the keys -- you 've got to persuade it to shift . 
 on the second lap sally let go of the bridle and she and keith just walked with me . 
 quietly they gave me instructions . 
 slowly i picked up what to do with my feet in the stirrups , what to do with reins : how to turn , how to stop . 
 keith helped me down . 
 ` how cool was that ? ' 
 i shouted . 
 keith nodded in approval . 
 missile watched . 
 sally told me not to shout . 
 the training on willow went on all day and the next day and the next . 
 after willow , i rode blackie and then sally 's point-to-pointer . 
 every night i 'd go to bed with aches in places i did n't even know i had . 
 you have to use your legs a lot on a horse : to steer , to position your body and to let the horse know which way to go . 
 i found myself walking around the house just like preston , bow-legged and bent . 
 preston stayed in bed . 
 sally would spend half-an-hour with him at the end of the day . 
 but most of the time he was left alone behind his closed door . 
 he did n't want to be disturbed . 
 then one day , sally took me up to see preston . 
 he was sitting propped up in his bed . 
 he had a radio on and a cup of tea next to him . 
 when i saw him i was shocked . 
 it was as if he 'd become an old man . 
 his skin was dry and wrinkled . 
 his eyes kind of rolled around the room as if he was still half knocked-out , his hair had gone white and wispy and his face was grey and gloomy . 
 the worst thing about visiting preston was this : he reminded me of dad . 
 although he did n't look like him and he certainly did n't say things like dad , he had his copy of the racing post , spread over his pink duvet and he was listening to radio 2 on an old radio . 
 i felt terrible , so incredibly sad and unhappy . 
 looking at this old jockey , who was n't my dad , thinking that i should have been with my dad and knowing that he 'd gone , made me feel small , wrong and lonely . 
 i brushed my arm across my nose and tried to hide the fact that my eyes were full of tears . 
 sally looked at me . 
 i think she thought i was crying over preston . 
 ` it 's ok , clint , ' she said , ` do n't beat yourself up . ' 
 preston was n't quite so reassuring . 
 ` you could have killed us all , ' he hissed . 
 ` you were going to hit my mate , ' i said . 
 ` it was your job to keep a look out , ' he said . 
 ` stop arguing , ' said sally , ` preston 's getting up today . ' 
 ` so ? ' 
 i said . 
 ` we 're going to the stable with preston and you 're going to sit on missile . ' 
 ` get him used to you , ' added preston , ` until i get back in the saddle . ' 
 i remember looking in disbelief at preston . 
 he looked about a hundred years old . 
 a feather would have knocked him over . 
 he could only just sit up in bed . 
 i did n't say anything . 
 i just felt bad . 
 the reason why preston was in that mess was me . 
 getting preston into the chair was n't so easy . 
 keith and i had the job of shifting him . 
 but when we lifted him off the bed he shouted and swore . 
 when we put him down into a chair his joints cracked . 
 then me and keith had to lift the chair up and carry it down the stairs . 
 it was n't easy , we bumped him around a lot and every time we did he yelled : ` you clumsy good for-nothings . 
 i 'm a medical emergency and all you can do is chuck me round like a bag of swedes . ' 
 finally , we marched out through the front door and carried preston , in his chair , like a tribal king across the yard and up towards the stables . 
 when we reached the field sally pointed to the ground where she wanted preston positioned . 
 we set him down gently . 
 sally tucked his pink duvet over his legs and he sat there , watching . 
 ` you boys need to be more careful , ' said preston . 
 ` i 've got cracked ribs and the pins in my hips are practically busting out of my legs . ' 
 sally led missile out of the stable . 
 preston ground his teeth . 
 ` ok , boy , now you owe me so do n't go getting scared , ' he said . 
 ` you 've got to ride this horse and that 's all there is to it . ' 
 i nodded . 
 i suddenly realised how different from any other horse missile was . 
 he made all the other horses i 'd tried look like toy poodles . 
 ` missile is a thoroughbred racehorse , not a nag , you 've got to understand that , ' said preston . 
 sally led missile out of his stable . 
 now that i knew i was going to ride missile , he suddenly seemed massive . 
 he shone like a conker in the sunlight . 
 his brown mane fluttered in the breeze . 
 he sniffed the air , arching his neck . 
 he looked at me . 
 i 'll swear he kind of nodded at me . 
 he was huge . 
 his back was higher up than the cab of a truck . 
 keith had to shove as hard as he could to get me up there . 
 i did n't sit on missile 's back . 
 i landed on it . 
 now i understood what preston was talking about . 
 missile did n't feel like the other horses . 
 missile felt more like a motorbike : 1000cc with fat tyres , so fast that it leaves your guts behind when you open the throttle up . 
 i could feel the power beneath me . 
 missile was like a machine . 
 he was pure muscle , tense and waiting to run at breakneck speed . 
 i patted missile 's back . 
 ` nice missile , ' i whispered into his ear . 
 missile turned his head . 
 ` strange , ' said preston from his chair . 
 ` i 'd have thought he 'd have thrown him straight away . ' 
 sally and keith nodded . 
 they watched me and the horse , almost as if they did n't understand what was happening . 
 ` right , ' said preston . 
 ` give him a little tap , with your heels , a tiny one . ' 
 i tapped . 
 slowly missile walked forwards . 
 ` holy smoke , ' said preston . 
 now i knew that he was expecting the horse to throw me . 
 sally stood with her mouth wide open . 
 keith made up a new word -- it sounded something , i 'm sure he was swearing . 
 ` i got to tell you , ' shouted preston , ` you 're doing great . 
 nobody else apart from me has been able sit on that horse 's back for more than a few seconds . ' 
 i looked down at them . 
 they should have told me that before i got on . 
 ` see if you can take him round the field , ' said sally . 
 i tapped missile gently with my legs . 
 i pulled with the reins just like i 'd done on the other horses , remembering , as best as i could , what sally had taught me . 
 missile walked calmly out into the field . 
 ` that boy is a natural , ' whispered preston . 
 ` he 's a bloody , bleeding natural . ' 
 keith and sally clapped and cheered . 
 to be honest i do n't know what all the fuss was about . 
 riding missile was n't so different from the other horses . 
 it was just that missile was so big i could see over the hedges and right down to the beach -- and he felt strong . 
 we trotted about the field and i brought him back to the others . 
 i swung myself out of the saddle and jumped down . 
 i patted missile 's face . 
 now i wanted to see how fast he could go . 
 i felt incredibly grateful to missile . 
 he 'd been nice to me . 
 i whispered in his ear . 
 ` thank you . ' 
 ` tomorrow we 'll try the beach , ' said sally . 
 - - - missile and i ripped up the beach . 
 it was n't difficult . 
 i just whispered ` go for it ' in his ear and bang -- we were off . 
 the hard work was in the staying on . 
 i 'd watched preston enough times to know what to do : crouch low behind missile 's neck , keep my head still , my eyes ahead and use my feet and hands to guide him over the sand . 
 we galloped to the end of the beach . 
 i had to pull hard to slow him down . 
 all the time i kept talking to missile . 
 i honestly think he could understand me . 
 ` ok that 's enough , any more and we 'll crash into the cliffs . ' 
 when we turned i could see the three of them in the distance . 
 sally and keith standing , old preston sitting in his chair under his duvet . 
 ` you see them over there ? 
 let 's show them what we can do . ' 
 we were off again , even faster than before . 
 the timing was better . 
 i was getting used to missile 's stride patterns . 
 i was learning fast . 
 the sound of his breathing , the thumps of his hooves on the sand , the power in his muscles ; you see riding a horse is n't really like driving , pedalling or running , it 's more like playing a piece of music or dancing . 
 you find the rhythm and you go with it and you just use your weight to guide him along . 
 it 's hard to explain , there 's two of you doing this one thing together -- you 're connected . 
 we came back so fast that preston and sally looked almost scared . 
 i 'm telling you , missile and i were fast , seriously fast . 
 and you know what ? 
 it was easy . 
 we liked it . 
 it was the best thing i 'd ever done . 
 it was way more exciting than driving cars around meadowlands . 
 to be honest , from the moment i clambered into the saddle , the only place i felt happy was riding that horse . 
 it was the only time when i really forgot about everything else . 
 and i 'd found something out : i was good at it -- riding horses -- or at least , riding one special horse , missile . 
 now it was just me and missile all day . 
 i galloped him , brushed him , cleaned his stables out . 
 i was with him practically all of the time . 
 i did n't think it was like work . 
 like i said , missile was the first person i 'd met for ages who i liked and i knew really liked me . 
 sorry , i said ` person ' . 
 i meant horse . 
 but he was like a person . 
 my best mate was a horse . 
 i used to talk to him all the time and we 'd ride up and down that beach so fast that i thought we were flying . 
 the more we did it the better we got . 
 in the end i could practically turn missile through a hundred and eighty degrees just by using my mind . 
 as the race day came closer , the training went better . 
 by now preston was back on his feet . 
 but with two days to go , preston still had n't got back in the saddle . 
 it 's true he was looking better , his face was n't so white and he could just about walk without a stick . 
 he 'd started coming with me out on the beach , pretty much doing what i used to do , cooling the horse down with buckets of water or stopping him from getting a chill with warm blankets . 
 i remember lying awake in bed one night , staring out through the skylight watching the skittering clouds in the moonlight . 
 i realised that i had grown as loopy as the other residents of parchman farm : sally , the crazy vegetable seller ; keith , the mad vegetable grower ; preston , the deluded jockey , and me -- the guy who hangs out with a horse . 
 i 'd become as cooky as the set-up i found myself in . 
 but although i missed mum and i worried about the cops finding us , dexter keeping his mouth shut or spartan finding me and doing me in , i still did n't want to go . 
 and i had another good reason to stay -- missile . 
 i loved that horse . 
 16 . 
 the human boomerang dexter came back . 
 i noticed a small figure , with thick glasses , shambling up the lane to parchman farm . 
 dexter had some news . 
 but before he could tell me , i was on him , pulling him up to the stable to show him missile . 
 i think he thought i was nuts . 
 well , i suppose i was . 
 i opened the stable door and led missile out . 
 dexter looked at the horse and then at me . 
 ` it 's a horse , ' he said . 
 he did n't get it . 
 missile did n't like dexter much either . 
 dexter told me why he 'd come back . 
 this is what he said . 
 dexter had had a lot of free time . 
 he was supposed to be staying with his gran not far from the flying boat inn . 
 so he 'd looked in there , just like i 'd asked . 
 he said it was difficult because andrew from the c.c.c. was working behind the bar with my mum . 
 i asked him who was cooking the meals . 
 dexter described an old sweaty guy . 
 i smiled -- alexi was ok . 
 dexter had walked around the pub to the back and spoken to alexi . 
 he pretended to be selling stolen vegetables . 
 alexi would have bought loads off him . 
 dexter asked alexi about me . 
 alexi said that it was very sad . 
 he said that he thought i 'd gone missing . 
 he said that andrew and mum believed i was dead . 
 it was in all the papers and on the telly . 
 i looked at dexter . 
 then i turned to missile . 
 all that time i 'd been enjoying myself riding on the beach , my mum had thought i was dead -- like dad . 
 ` dead ? ' 
 i whispered . 
 ` yep , ' said dexter . 
 ` they reckon you topped yourself , man . 
 they reckon a lot of kids like you do . ' 
 i tried to think . 
 had i ever thought about killing myself ? 
 no i had n't . 
 i wondered why not . 
 ` well , ' i said to dexter , ` i suppose i could have killed myself -- when things were at their worst . 
 but somehow i pulled through . ' 
 i stood up . 
 dexter stood up . 
 ` nice one , ' he said . 
 i knew what to do . 
 we had to leave . 
 missile was fit , preston reckoned he was ready to ride again and sally could enter her race . 
 she did n't need me anymore . 
 my mum , on the other hand , had to know the truth . 
 she had to see that i was alive and well . 
 if spartan found me all i had to do to get him off my back was to tell him where missile was . 
 as dexter and i hurried back down towards the farmhouse i felt light on my feet , as if i 'd just put down a big , heavy rucksack . 
 i felt like running and punching the air . 
 i 'd realised something important -- i did n't belong on parchman farm . 
 i never belonged there . 
 maybe even missile did n't belong there either . 
 sally had tricked us all . 
 she never told me anything about being in the papers and in the news . 
 she 'd pretended to believe me just to keep me at the farm . 
 ` you know what ? ' 
 i said to dexter . 
 dexter looked at me through his thick glasses . 
 ` what ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` i ca n't wait to go home . ' 
 preston walked past . 
 he was dressed in his riding silks , carrying his old saddle . 
 ` time to get back in the saddle , boy , ' he said , making his way gingerly up towards the stable . 
 ` you 've done a great job on missile . ' 
 just as dexter and i stepped out onto the lane leading to the beach , sally 's mini came bouncing down the road . 
 she pulled up in a cloud of dust as preston rode slowly out onto the field . 
 sally jumped out of the car and stood in front of us . 
 she looked at dexter , then she fixed her eyes on me . 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 i did n't speak , dexter looked down at his trainers . 
 ` what does splosh want ? ' 
 ` splish , ' i said . 
 ` i do n't care what he 's called , what does he want ? ' 
 ` i 'm going home , ' i said . 
 ` splish came to get me . ' 
 sally looked serious , then furious . 
 she gazed at the field where preston was moving missile , painfully slowly , up and down the field . 
 preston looked stiff and in pain . 
 every step seemed to make him wince . 
 ` you ca n't , ' she said . 
 ` i 've got to , ' i said . 
 ` my mum thinks i 've killed myself . ' 
 i did n't see any point in lying any more . 
 i 've done a good job for you . 
 now i 've got to go home . ' 
 sally took one last look at preston then she grabbed me and dexter and practically pulled us towards the house . 
 she yelled at keith in the garden and he came running out too . 
 she ordered him to grab me , while she dealt with dexter . 
 i guess keith was n't going to argue with the boss . 
 i felt his strong hands pull both my arms behind my back and they both marched us into the house . 
 sally slammed the kitchen door shut . 
 she glared at me and dexter . 
 ` you ca n't go now , ' she said . 
 ` but my mum ... ' ` if she thought you were dead yesterday , a couple of days is n't going to make any difference , ' said sally . 
 ` why does she think you 're dead ? ' 
 ` suicide , ' said dexter , shaking his head sadly . 
 sally banged her fist on the table . 
 ` he 's not dead , ' she yelled . 
 ` is your name really splish ? ' 
 dexter shook his head . 
 ` dexter , ' he said sadly . 
 sally stood by the window and buried her head in her hands . 
 dexter and i edged towards the door . 
 ` the race is in two days ' time , ' said sally , turning to face us . 
 ` i know , ' i said . 
 ` the sultan 's stakes , 4.15 , one-and-a-half miles -- it 's worth thousands . ' 
 ` more than that , ' said sally . 
 ` missile will be worth much more than that ... if he wins . ' 
 ` he 's the fastest thing on four legs , ' i said . 
 ` look at him , ' said sally . 
 the three of us peered out through the window up at the field . 
 preston was tip-toeing missile around . 
 ` preston ca n't race , ' said sally . 
 ` his body 's broken . ' 
 i watched as preston tried to dismount . 
 it was embarrassing . 
 he had to use both hands to pull his leg over . 
 as soon as he hit the ground his knees buckled and he collapsed onto the grass . 
 i could see him looking around to make sure nobody had seen . 
 he pulled his way back to his feet using the stirrups . 
 ` he is n't ready to race , ' said sally , adding , ` but missile is , and you are . ' 
 i gasped . 
 i was n't expecting that . 
 dexter looked at me . 
 ` what ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` the horse is entered , we ca n't pull out now and we ca n't go with preston , it 'll kill him , and more importantly -- he 's going to lose . 
 you 've got to ride missile , clint , ' said sally . 
 i shook my head . 
 ` i ca n't , ' i said . 
 ` i 've never run a race before in my life . 
 preston 's told me there 's all sorts of things i do n't know : how to find a position on the track ; to keep my line ; not to be put off by the others ; how to control the horse so that it does n't just run out of steam . 
 most important -- how to beat the others . 
 all i do is gallop on sand . ' 
 dexter 's eyes widened . 
 he was impressed . 
 ` preston 's told me , ' said sally . 
 ` he says you 're the most natural , gifted and talented rider he 's ever seen . 
 he says you remind him of piggott -- the long fellow . ' 
 ` who ? ' 
 said dexter . 
 ` rode his first race when he was twelve , ' said sally . 
 ` my age , ' said dexter proudly . 
 ` i thought you were seventeen ? ' 
 said sally , giving me a suspicious eye . 
 dexter laughed . 
 ` how old are you ? ' 
 sally addressed the question directly at me . 
 ` fourteen , ' i said . 
 sally looked serious . 
 ` you said you were seventeen , ' she said . 
 i shifted uncomfortably in my trainers . 
 ` and your mum thinks you 've killed yourself ? ' 
 ` yes , ' chirped dexter . 
 he seemed to like this piece of information . 
 sally thought for a minute . 
 she pushed her hand through her red hair . 
 she looked full of rage . 
 she spat when she spoke . 
 ` i found that horse . 
 it had been abandoned like all the others . 
 they 'd thrown him out of the stables because they thought he was no good . 
 i picked him off the side of a main road . 
 if he 'd have stayed there any longer he 'd have been squished by a lorry , ' screamed sally . 
 ` they 're like that in the big stables . 
 they could n't be bothered to pay for him . 
 now they know he can win , they want him back . 
 ` spartan says you stole him , ' i said . 
 sally was n't just serious , she was mad . 
 she was out of control . 
 she slapped me across the face . 
 it really stung . 
 then preston limped in . 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 sally was shouting her head off about missile being hers , not anybody else 's . 
 but it sounded to me that spartan might have been in the right . 
 all sally seemed to be saying was that because she 'd found the horse wandering around on the side of a road outside the stable that made missile hers . 
 even i knew that that sounded dodgy . 
 but sally was convinced that because she 'd rescued missile , and given him a good home , that made her the new owner . 
 she turned on preston . 
 preston thought that she was going to ask him how his ride had gone . 
 ` not bad , not bad at all , i 'll really crank him up tomorrow , ' he said through clenched teeth . 
 i could see he was completely out of breath and shaking with the pain from his joints . 
 ` preston , ' she said , ` you 're not fit , you ca n't race . 
 clint 's going to ride . ' 
 preston stopped in his tracks . 
 this was his last ride . 
 this was preston 's ` security ' . 
 winning this race was preston 's last chance to make something of his life . 
 he was n't going to give it up . 
 he started going mad too . 
 dexter and i looked on as sally and preston yelled at each other ` spartan and me were sent to find missile . 
 when i sniffed him out you and i made a deal , ' said preston . 
 ` disappear onto parchman farm , then come back and win the biggest race of my life -- on missile 's back . 
 ` you could walk then , preston . 
 you were a real jockey , ' shouted sally , ` now you do n't need a horse -- you need a bloody zimmer frame . ' 
 as preston and sally argued about who owned missile i edged towards the door . 
 this was my chance to escape . 
 ` oh no you do n't , ' screamed sally . 
 she barged past us into the hall . 
 when she came back she was holding a shotgun . 
 ` nobody 's going anywhere , ' she said . 
 ` you can stay down here till race day . ' 
 sally locked us in the cellar . 
 17 . 
 solitary so dexter and i began our thirty-two hour stint in the slammer . 
 there was no way out of there . 
 it 's strange . 
 i ca n't really remember very much about the actual time down there . 
 it 's almost as if , because nothing much happened , there 's nothing to remember . 
 but the fact that sally took a gun and held us in the cellar for two days sticks in my mind . 
 what kind of woman would do that to a couple of kids ? 
 all she really cared about was winning that race . 
 i still wonder about that now . 
 what did she think of me ? 
 sometimes i come to the conclusion that she did actually quite like me . 
 and then i hit this problem . 
 when sally pulled the shooter i did n't think she was joking . 
 and looking back at it now -- i still do n't . 
 she 'd have let fire on me and dexter if we 'd tried to run away . 
 at first it was terrible . 
 we fell down the rotten wooden stairs onto a dusty old floor . 
 we could n't see anything . 
 dexter cried -- i could n't believe that . 
 he did n't really have anything to cry about . 
 it was n't as if he was missing anything . 
 i knew he did n't live with his mum and dad and i knew he was only with his gran sometimes -- at the moment he was with his uncle . 
 dexter 's uncle was only seventeen . 
 he was in more trouble with the cops than dexter and he was never around either . 
 that meant that dexter basically had a flat of his own . 
 he watched tv and played the xbox and when he needed to eat he just walked across the road to megakebab next to the dry cleaners opposite the undertaker 's . 
 it would be weeks before any of dexter 's lot would realise he 'd gone missing . 
 ` i want to go home , ' he blubbed . 
 i could n't see dexter 's face , it was too dark , but i could hear him pull his glasses off and wipe his nose . 
 ` no you do n't , ' i said . 
 ` this is all your fault , ' muttered dexter . 
 slowly i was getting used to the dark . 
 i had some matches in my pocket which i used for lighting the fire in the big room . 
 i could see from the glow of the first match that it was n't too bad in the cellar ; it was more like a big damp living room with no windows and piles of stuff in it . 
 there were old tools for the farm , a pile of house coal , sacks of potatoes and a couple of rusty old sun loungers . 
 we put the sun loungers up and used them for beds . 
 ` you have n't got a home dexter , ' i said , stretching out on my sun lounger . 
 ` nobody wants you . 
 you may as well stop crying . ' 
 but dexter continued to blub . 
 maybe that was the problem . 
 perhaps being locked up in the cellar made the fact that nobody cared two hoots about him come to life for dexter . 
 looking back i can see now that even though i never really bothered with dexter until i ran off , i was probably the nearest thing he had to a friend . 
 ` i 'm going to kill myself , man , ' said dexter . 
 ` like you . ' 
 i remember lying on my sun lounger , striking one of the matches and seeing dexter 's face in the gloom . 
 his red face was all smeared with tears with his big magnified eyes misting up behind his glasses . 
 ` i did n't kill myself , dexter . 
 they just believe i did . 
 you do n't want to do that . 
 it wo n't make anybody like you more . 
 they 'll just think you were a bit of a drama queen . ' 
 dexter nodded and sniffed . 
 ` what are we going to do ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` we could be down here for weeks . ' 
 i shook my head . 
 the race was on thursday , two days ' time . 
 i told dexter we 'd be out of there on thursday morning and then he should get ready for a day out at the horse races . 
 ` what happens if she shoots us with the shotty ? ' 
 said dexter . 
 ` sally 's not going to shoot anybody , ' i said , ` so long as we do n't make her angry . 
 if she gets angry there 's no telling what she 'll do . ' 
 ` so we just sit here ? ' 
 said dexter . 
 ` got any better ideas ? ' 
 the match spluttered out , burning the tips of my fingers . 
 everything went black . 
 pretty soon neither dexter nor i had any idea what time of day it was or where we were . 
 once in a while i 'd strike a match so that we could get up and stretch our legs . 
 after a long time -- i 'm talking hours here , maybe ten hours , i could n't tell exactly -- sally came back . 
 it 's strange if you 're in the dark for a long time . 
 you really ca n't tell whether five minutes or five hours have passed . 
 sally brought us bacon sandwiches and mugs of tea . 
 that meant it was morning . 
 she gave us a bucket for a toilet and told dexter that he was in charge of emptying it . 
 ` i 'm sorry about this , boys , ' she said , as she descended from the light of the hallway . 
 ` i promise you , as soon as the race is over you can both go . 
 i just ca n't risk letting you out now . 
 i ca n't trust you . ' 
 ` you can , ' pleaded dexter . 
 ` i 've got nowhere to go . ' 
 ` i do n't care about you , ' said sally . 
 you see , dexter had this thing -- absolutely nobody liked him or cared about him and they were n't afraid to say so . 
 but the amazing thing was , almost as soon as sally pulled the gun and shut us in the dark , dexter started to talk properly . 
 no , i think that 's when i first noticed it . 
 in fact , i think it was the accident . 
 almost getting flattened by missile did n't do preston any good , but it put some fast talking into dexter 's mouth for the very first time . 
 i guess it did something to him . 
 he could n't tell the difference in the way he was speaking himself . 
 to him , i guess , he sounded normal . 
 but to me it was obvious . 
 he had n't stammered since preston got crunched . 
 i was really fed up with sally . 
 what she was doing was wrong . 
 but she was right -- she could n't trust me . 
 not anymore . 
 if she 'd have let us out of that cellar i 'd have been history . 
 sally left us . 
 we ate the bacon sarnies and drank the tea . 
 then we lay on our sun-loungers in the cold black room . 
 ` clint ? ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` i 'm scared . ' 
 ` why ? 
 ` i ca n't see anything . ' 
 ` well put your glasses on . ' 
 ` they 're already on . ' 
 ` well there 's nothing to see . 
 what you 're seeing is what there is , do n't worry . ' 
 ` i ca n't even see my hands , clint . 
 there could be anything in here : spiders , rats , aliens . ' 
 ` there probably are spiders and rats , ' i said , ` but they wo n't bother us . ' 
 ` what about aliens ? ' 
 i just sighed . 
 dexter was making things worse . 
 i lost my temper . 
 ` dexter ! 
 there are no aliens around here . 
 there 's definitely none in sally 's cellar . ' 
 dexter sniffed . 
 ` it 's so dark , man . 
 i keep thinking they 're there . ' 
 ` who ? ' 
 ` the aliens . ' 
 i lit my last match and held it high so that the light spilled around the room . 
 we saw the same sacks of spuds , the same pile of coal , the same rusty old tools and the same cobwebs hanging from the ceiling . 
 ` talk about something else , ' i said . 
 ` i ca n't , ' sniffed dexter . 
 so i started to talk . 
 just to stop dexter thinking about aliens . 
 he was depressing me . 
 i told him to imagine we were on his xbox . 
 he was man u and i was barcelona . 
 it took a while for him to get it . 
 i did the intro : ` champions . ' 
 ` hello and welcome to the nou camp where today manchester united , english league premiership winners on five occasions are taking on the legends from spain : barcelona . 
 the players are in position . 
 manchester united just won the toss and the game 's about to start . ' 
 i stopped . 
 there was silence . 
 ` well , ' i said . 
 ` go on , ' said dexter . 
 ` what do you mean , go on , it 's your kick-off . 
 what happens next ? ' 
 dexter went quiet . 
 eventually he said , ` i dunno . ' 
 ` look dexter , this is your team , i ca n't make the whole game up , you must have a plan . 
 who 's kicking off ? ' 
 ` i dunno , ' said dexter . 
 ` it could be anybody . 
 who 's your favourite man u player ? 
 ` robin van persie , ' said dexter . 
 ` fine , ' i said . 
 ` van persie kicks off . ' 
 there was silence . 
 ` go on , say it , ' i said . 
 ` what ? ' 
 said dexter . 
 ` say van persie kicks off . ' 
 ` van persie kicks off . ' 
 silence . 
 ` then what ? ' 
 i asked . 
 silence . 
 ` who does he pass to ? ' 
 ` i dunno , er ... ' said dexter . 
 he was beginning to get the idea , he knew he needed more players . 
 but before he 'd worked out who robin van persie passed to , i went straight in . 
 ` and lionel messi , always looking for an opportunity , sees the ball run loose . 
 he alters his stride pattern and sneaks the ball before van persie can do anything . 
 he 's away . 
 the manchester united players are asleep . 
 past one , past two , past three : just the keeper to beat . 
 it 's messi all the way . 
 he strikes the ball and bang ! 
 like a bullet it flies into the top corner . 
 one-nil -- messi . 
 the crowd are going ballistic . ' 
 i looked at the black space where dexter was lying . 
 ` there , ' i said , ` one-nil to me . ' 
 on the second manchester united kick-off dexter did a lot better . 
 his team strung a few passes together but they had to deal with puyol in defence and he was n't having any nonsense that day . 
 we both lay there on our sun-loungers looking upwards into complete blackness and we played champions league football for about twenty-four hours . 
 barcelona : scored two hundred and thirty-nine goals . 
 looking back on it now it 's weird . 
 that time in the cellar , locked in the dark with nothing to eat apart from what sally brought us and nothing to do but talk in the dark -- it was the best laugh dexter and i had had for ages . 
 i ca n't honestly remember another time when i laughed so much . 
 dexter was really funny . 
 once he 'd got his team up and running he kept making substitutions . 
 he was the new man u manager , he got himself sent up into the stands for arguing with the ref . 
 he had a fight with some barcelona fans , he bought pizzas for his team at halftime and he did an interview on spanish television . 
 one time sally came to the door and asked to us to keep the noise down . 
 they could hear us upstairs . 
 we just laughed . 
 well , i remember us laughing . 
 but slowly i guess we got cold and the darkness started to get to us . 
 i 'd used my last match . 
 we lost track of time . 
 ` maybe she 's forgotten us , ' whispered dexter . 
 it must have been late . 
 i was tired . 
 i just tried to sleep . 
 now the noise was coming from upstairs . 
 i could hear sally and preston arguing . 
 i knew it had to be about the race . 
 but i could n't hear what they were saying . 
 sally was really yelling at preston . 
 i could hear their feet on the floorboards above the cellar . 
 dexter was asleep . 
 he snored gently . 
 18 . 
 the last big one the door opened . 
 light filled the cellar . 
 dexter sat up and blinked . 
 sally stood above us holding her gun . 
 she was wearing her jeans , her brown boots and her checked shirt -- her going out clothes . 
 she looked pretty , serious and now the look was complemented by a mad wild glint in her eye . 
 ` you two -- come on we 've got to go . ' 
 we hurried up the stairs into the burning bright light . 
 dexter and i blinked and wobbled in the glare . 
 we 'd been living like blind moles for almost two days . 
 i felt stiff and starving and my throat was dry . 
 but sally did n't offer us any breakfast . 
 i ran to the tap in the kitchen and began to gulp down as much water as i could . 
 i was so thirsty . 
 sally let us drink , then she shoved us outside . 
 there in the yard was the tiny mini with a horsebox resting on the towbar . 
 inside the horsebox was missile . 
 she pushed us into the car . 
 dexter and i sat in the back . 
 mad keith took a position in the passenger seat , he looked kind of crazy , by that i mean crazier than normal . 
 sally sat in the driver 's turned the key and floored the accelerator . 
 the mini was n't big enough to pull the horsebox properly . 
 it was completely overloaded . 
 the engine whined and we crawled down the path to the beach , we took a left at the road and began to creep up the hill . 
 now the engine in the mini sounded like it was going to explode . 
 sally swore at the car . 
 then she said something about preston . 
 ` where is he ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` gone , ' said sally , ` i told the stupid idiot that he was n't going to ride missile -- you know what he did ? ' 
 i looked at dexter . 
 he shrugged . 
 i shrugged . 
 one thing i was sure about : preston was n't going to like losing his ride . 
 his whole life depended on him riding that last race . 
 ` he did a runner , ' she said , ` and we 're not staying around here to find out where he went . ' 
 ` where did he go ? ' 
 whispered dexter to me . 
 i knew exactly where preston would have gone . 
 to find spartan and , thanks to me , he knew spartan hung around in the flying boat inn . 
 there was no doubt in my mind that 's where preston was heading . 
 preston did n't care who owned missile : all he wanted was the ride . 
 for preston sally was n't the boss , she was just a way to get to ride the last big one . 
 and since she 'd dropped him for me he had no reason to stay with her . 
 ` he 's gone for spartan , ' snarled sally . 
 ` that pair will never get their hands on my horse . ' 
 ` how far is it to the racecourse ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` miles , ' snarled sally . 
 i looked at the speedo . 
 we were doing eight miles an hour . 
 ` how many ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` lots , ' she screamed . 
 ` we 'll never make it , ' i said . 
 ` got any better ideas ? ' 
 ` yes , ' i said . 
 i 'd seen something in the distance . 
 the farmer was checking on his cows . 
 sally drove on and slowly we climbed up to the top of the hill . 
 parchman farm , the fields , the beach and a beautiful beguiling blue ocean lay behind us , as if this was some kind of paradise . 
 from the top of the hill i could see the route to the main road . 
 ` we need a bigger car , ' i said . 
 the farmer had parked his land rover by the gate . 
 i told sally to stop . 
 i got out and climbed into the land rover . 
 it was massive , it had a four-litre engine , three rows of seats and it would go like a bomb . 
 even with missile in tow . 
 the keys were in the lock . 
 i let the handbrake off and the 4x4 rolled silently back down onto the little lane . 
 ` we 'll borrow this , ' i said , as i clambered out . 
 ` has it got leather seats ? ' 
 asked dexter , ` or is it the dlx version with canvas upholstery and heated rear seats ? ' 
 sally stared at me . 
 she was still holding her shotgun . 
 she pointed the gun at dexter , then she pointed it back at me . 
 then a big broad smile spread across her face . 
 we worked quickly . 
 we parked the mini , hitched the horsebox onto the 4x4 and drove off . 
 the farmer must have had a nasty surprise when he returned from his precious cows . 
 i left dexter with sally in the 4x4 and travelled in the horsebox with missile . 
 sally could drive fast now and i did n't want missile to panic in his box . 
 i just stood with him , patting him and chatting to him like we usually did . 
 we drove all the way to the racecourse , flat out . 
 sally must have got us up really early because we arrived at around 10am . 
 when we got there things really started to happen . 
 for a start sally put the gun down . 
 i suppose even she thought it was n't sensible to wander around the racecourse poking me and dexter in the back with a shotgun . 
 and remember , i was her jockey . 
 she was supposed to be nice to me . 
 ` if you two do a bunk now , i wo n't be able to shoot you , ' said sally , ` but i 'll get you later on -- so no funny stuff or i 'll kill you both . ' 
 dexter nodded . 
 i shuffled and scuffed the floor with my trainer . 
 she threw me a plastic bag . 
 in it was a pair of riding boots and preston 's silks : a bright red top with a gold star on it . 
 there was a hard hat with a gold top . 
 i got changed in the horsebox and came out looking like ... preston , i suppose . 
 now , you 've got to remember i 'd been locked up for a day-and-a-half in sally 's cellar . 
 i ca n't say i 'd forgotten about my mum , but it was n't exactly in the front of my mind . 
 somehow sally had done it . 
 she had this way of pushing all the things you wanted out of your head and filling it with all the things she wanted . 
 i remember standing in my silks outside the paddock at the racecourse . 
 i felt like a different me , one who had a real chance . 
 i could ride a horse , i could win a race , i could make a million pounds . 
 i knew how to do something most other people could n't even imagine . 
 i looked at sally and , instead of hating her for lying to me , cheating me and threatening me i just wanted to help her . 
 after all , somehow she 'd got us to the course , she had a horse with a jockey and a race to run . 
 not just that , but at that moment , as we hurried around filling the forms in for the race , seeing all the other jockeys and horses milling around , all i wanted to do was ride missile , race missile and win . 
 i knew i could do it . 
 even though i 'd never raced in my life . 
 preston had taught me everything . 
 i even knew the course : you must n't let the horse run away down the hill , because the ground rises towards the finishing line . 
 you have to keep something in the tank . 
 so as i walked with sally into the owners ' enclosure and keith led the horse and dexter down to the stables , we gave everybody the impression that this was just a normal day at work for us . 
 we were team missile and were quietly confident that we all knew what we were doing . 
 i 've been racing since that day many times . 
 for a while i actually did become a real jockey . 
 but it was never the same , and anyhow , i grew too big for a start . 
 by the time i was sixteen i was too tall and heavy to ride flat races . 
 but i kept in touch with it all . 
 even now , when i go to a course , i still remember that first day at a race track . 
 it was bright , the stands were filled with people decked out from top to toe in colours . 
 nobody was still and the noise of the talking rumbled in your head like the drone of a million bees . 
 everywhere you looked people were doing things : the punters and the bookmakers -- they reminded me of my dad , all that talking and racing form and throwing cash around . 
 then there were the owners -- stiff and rich , there were the jockeys , the stable lads , the waiters serving meals in the restaurants , the bacon flippers in the burger vans , the race officials in their bowler hats checking out the surface of the turf , all of them scurrying around in different directions doing their separate things at the same time for one reason -- to get a race on . 
 the only time the commotion stopped was for a race , then silence came down like a sheet settling on a bed . 
 the whole crowd concentrated on the track or the screens showing horses in the distance . 
 then , slowly at first , this far away group of runners and rider would move closer and closer , sweeping in as the horses hurtled towards the finishing line in front of the grandstand , hooves pounding the ground like thousands of drums . 
 sally told me to stay cool and wait with the other jockeys for my race to come up . 
 then she left me in a room with all the other riders . 
 i kept myself to myself , and pulled my cap down as low as i could over my face . 
 i remember preston telling me about the long fellow . 
 apparently he was a man of few words -- i decided to follow in his footsteps . 
 then they weighed me . 
 it was probably a good thing that i 'd been starved in a cellar , it had made me lighter . 
 at about half-past one it was time for us riders to come out and meet our horses . 
 i walked out into the open and blinked in the light . 
 i managed to find sally , keith and dexter with missile . 
 they 'd brushed him down and platted his mane . 
 he was looking bright and strong . 
 after parading around in the paddock in front of the crowd it was time for me to ride out with the others to the starting gates . 
 ` good luck , ' said sally . 
 ` luck does n't come into it , ' i said . 
 ` come to think of it , good does n't either . ' 
 i remember hearing my dad 's voice in my head , almost as if he was there . 
 ` luck does n't come into it , ' he 'd say with a smile , as he counted his winnings . 
 dexter shook my hand . 
 he was such a weird little kid . 
 keith said something incomprehensible to me . 
 i guess it meant ` good luck ' as well . 
 sally gave me a leg up and i was on missile 's back . 
 now i could really see what was going on . 
 i could see the posh ladies ' hats , the tweed caps of the owners ; i could see high into the stand where the crowd was building up ; i was able to make out the rows of burger vans near the car park . 
 far away i saw the car parks stretching off over the low rolling hills into the distance . 
 i do n't know why but something in among all those parked cars caught my eye . 
 it was a black car . 
 some guys were getting out . 
 i watched them as sally gently led missile out of the paddock . 
 the guys were too far away to recognise , maybe half-a-mile or so . 
 sally was shouting advice up at me . 
 but all i could look at was the distant car in the car-park . 
 there were four men , and they were hurrying towards the course . 
 one of the guys was small . 
 the rest were big . 
 we turned towards the racecourse . 
 sally practically pulled me out of my saddle . 
 ` pay attention , ' she shouted . 
 ` get off , ' i said . 
 ` i 'm trying to look at something . ' 
 ` you 've had plenty of time for sight-seeing , ' she said . 
 ` now , remember , do n't let missile run away with it . 
 you 've got to hold him back so he 's got plenty of gas at the end . ' 
 ` i know , ' i said , ` listen ... ' but sally was full of talk . 
 ` i put our stake on , ' she said , ` holding up a fistful of tickets . 
 you 're on at fifty-to-one . ' 
 ` how much did you bet , ' i asked . 
 ` everything , ' she shouted , this time she did n't look so serious . 
 she was laughing . 
 ` i 'm putting my house on you , ' she said . 
 ` you must be mad , ' i said . 
 sally shrugged . 
 the other horses were pushing in on us as we reached the racetrack . 
 the commentator on the loudspeakers was rattling through the race card . 
 i heard him mention missile . 
 ` a fifty-to-one shot ridden by preston carlow ' . 
 i pulled my cap down even lower and i scanned the car park , searching for those guys . 
 then i looked at the turnstiles leading into the racecourse . 
 i spotted them . 
 i did n't recognise the two big guys . 
 the third one was unmistakable : it was the spartan . 
 he stuck out like a lighthouse , and he had the same effect -- his entire body was like a big warning . 
 if you saw spartan you knew you needed to keep as far away from him as possible . 
 the fourth , a slight little man , who moved like an ache up and down your back , was preston . 
 ` sally ! ' 
 i yelled , she turned and hurried to the railing separating her from the track from the crowd . 
 ` they 're here ! ' 
 i shouted . 
 i saw her face . 
 serious did n't come in to it . 
 she kind of froze on the spot . 
 then missile saw another horse galloping off towards the stalls and he just kicked off . 
 i had to pull hard on the reins to stop him going into overdrive . 
 sally , dexter and keith were behind me and i was on my own . 
 - - - the stalls are like cages . 
 they 're in a line . 
 the horses and jockeys go into the stalls -- when it 's time to race , the doors open and you just kick for the line . 
 some of the horses did n't want to go into the stalls so , while the stable boys and race hands were getting them in , i rode missile away , just a few yards , to the white fence at the edge of the track -- to keep him nice and calm . 
 the race official , a posh-looking guy in a jacket with bowler hat balanced on his head , nodded . 
 he thought i was the real deal . 
 someone grabbed my bridle . 
 i thought it was my turn to get into the stalls . 
 i thought they 'd just wheel us round and lead us in . 
 but when i looked down i saw it was n't the scrubbed face of an on-parade stable boy . 
 it was an old face , like a dried-up bean . 
 it was preston , somehow he 'd squeaked through onto the track after he came in with spartan . 
 he grinned up at me . 
 he looked half-crazy . 
 his fierce , flinty little eyes were letting off sparks . 
 i do n't think i 've ever been so un-pleased to meet anyone in my entire life . 
 ` going somewhere ? ' 
 hissed preston reaching up at me . 
 he yanked me off the horse and i fell to the floor . 
 missile reared up . 
 but preston would n't let go of me or the bridle , he calmed him down . 
 ` you spoilt everything , you miserable little roach . 
 we 're all dead beats now , cos of you . ' 
 preston spat . 
 ` you busted up my insurance , you busted up everyone 's lives . 
 i 'll tell you what they should do with vermin like you . ' 
 ` it was n't my fault , ' i pleaded , as i scrambled to my feet . 
 ` i 'm going to kill you for this . ' 
 preston pulled the horse and me towards the horseboxes lined up way to the side of the track . 
 then i saw spartan marching sally and keith up the rail . 
 he held each of them in an armlock -- one per fist . 
 ` you took my knife , boy , ' shouted spartan , before turning into the crowd and forcing his way back towards the car park . 
 ` you owe me , you should have told me . ' 
 ` you got two minutes to get that ride sorted out , ' shouted the race official . 
 i could see the last of the horses being pushed into one of the stalls . 
 the horse did n't want to go . 
 three or four stable lads were trying to shove the animal in . 
 the race official did n't know what a mess we were in . 
 ` and another thing , boy , ' said preston as he pulled missile away from the stalls . 
 ` this really is n't sally 's horse . 
 it belongs to spartan . 
 or at least , he works for the stable who owns it . 
 sally 's a damn thief . ' 
 i looked at preston . 
 what a stupid man , i thought , as if i had n't worked that out . 
 he did n't look so crazy now . 
 he just seemed old and angry -- like a million other nasty , grumpy old geezers . 
 another sucker who knew he 'd blown his last chance . 
 we were making our way from the stalls and the racetrack towards the horseboxes at the back of the stadium . 
 as preston pulled missile away from the track , i tapped him on the shoulder . 
 there was only one way i could think to get that horse into that race . 
 if missile did n't run , sally was going to lose everything and i was n't going to have that . 
 i do n't know why . 
 i just wanted her to win . 
 i pulled my riding hat off , the one with the gold circle on the top , and i shoved it on preston 's skinny old head . 
 i pulled my red shirt with the gold star off my back and stuck it in preston 's hand . 
 ` you ride him , ' i said , ` this is your last big one -- do n't screw it up . ' 
 a look of anger flashed across his face . 
 but as i shoved the silk into his hand it changed into astonishment . 
 preston stared at me , then missile , then he turned to the stalls . 
 they were almost under orders . 
 preston kind of sniffed the air almost like he himself was a horse . 
 he glanced over to where the spartan and the others had been standing , but they 'd left the side of the track . 
 i could just make out sally 's red hair next to spartan as she was pushed back through the crowds . 
 ` hell 's teeth boy , make your mind up , will you ? ' 
 i could see the race official as he watched the last horse reluctantly entering its stall . 
 as preston pulled the silks on , i shoved him up into missile 's saddle . 
 ` do n't go too early , ' i said , ` and do n't fall off . ' 
 preston grunted and swung missile back towards the stalls . 
 he made it just in time , the race official was n't pleased . 
 i ran into the spectators ' enclosure , pulling preston 's shirt on as i ran . 
 i shoved through the crowds of punters , desperately searching for one big , stand-out lighthouse with two small , but highly distinctive prisoners in his hands . 
 finally , just as they brought the horses under starter 's orders , i found them . 
 spartan , sally and keith were almost off the racecourse . 
 ` spartan , ' i shouted , ` you 'd better take a look at this . ' 
 he turned , keith turned , and then , slowly , as if asking what i was bothering her with now , sally turned , just as the horses set off . 
 they watched the start in astonishment . 
 missile was running . 
 i reached sally just as spartan lost it . 
 he landed a punch on sally and sent her flying . 
 i threw myself at him punching anything i could . 
 to be honest , i think i just sort of bounced off , but it was enough to cause a ruckus . 
 some people in the crowd got jostled and they tried to grab spartan , then dexter appeared and -- this is most unlike dexter -- he had about six big strong stable lads with him . 
 he 'd given everyone the slip and when he 'd seen spartan grab sally , he 'd set about finding some help . 
 then the security guards came . 
 then the cops came . 
 there must have been about fifteen of us all fighting like mad . 
 i 'm sure half of them did n't know who they were hitting or why . 
 finally , they managed to get the monster under control . 
 i do n't think i 've ever come across a stronger man than spartan in my life . 
 sally picked herself off the floor . 
 all she cared about was the race , she turned towards the track and started running . 
 i followed . 
 ` clever boy , ' she shouted as we crashed back to the rail . 
 ` very clever indeed . ' 
 all four of us reached the rail and we gazed at the bright colours of the jockeys ' silks as they hurtled up around the long looping bend and prepared for the final straight . 
 missile was going well , in fifth . 
 i could n't see much through the other runners and riders , just the gold circle on preston 's hat . 
 i could hardly bring myself to watch him ride . 
 the pins in his hips could ping out at any moment . 
 i felt he might literally break apart in the saddle . 
 but he stayed tight to the rail and crouched behind the horse 's neck . 
 just like the others . 
 the track was huge . 
 but preston just gritted his teeth took missile up the inside rail , carefully moving up the field as they took the bend . 
 i could see missile was moving well , gliding over the ground . 
 now he was in third place , there were just six furlongs to go . 
 i could see the packed grandstand the finishing line . 
 four furlongs left and the gold circle on preston 's back was in second place . 
 ` now , ' i yelled , ` let him go now . ' 
 i was almost mad with excitement screaming at the top of my voice . 
 but preston could n't hear me . 
 the noise of the crowd in the grandstand , the pounding of the hooves and preston 's deaf old ears would never have picked up my cries . 
 ` oh my god , ' whispered sally . 
 ` let him go , preston , now . ' 
 i glanced at sally , she looked truly , deadly serious . 
 there was no smile on her jaw , just a fist mark . 
 preston let him go . 
 bang -- missile accelerated towards the line , i 'd never seen him move like that . 
 he eased past the favourite and took the lead . 
 he moved further ahead . 
 he left the lot of them for dead and smashed across the line like a bullet . 
 the crowd went ballistic . 
 there must have been a few other punters who backed him , because there was a massive cheer . 
 keith , sally and i jumped for joy . 
 we 'd won . 
 dexter blinked through his thick glasses . 
 i do n't really think he saw it . 
 ` what 's up , clint ? 
 did we win ? ' 
 sally and i laughed , we both grabbed dexter and danced around . 
 - - - the rest is a bit of a haze . 
 we went to the winners ' enclosure . 
 keith helped preston off the horse . 
 he looked half-dead . 
 as his feet touched the floor his legs just buckled . 
 keith and sally had to practically hold him up . 
 missile , on the other hand , had hardly broken a sweat , i suppose , for him , nothing unusual had happened -- he was the best : he 'd won the race . 
 how hard can that be ? 
 i was worried in case they realised we 'd swapped the jockey at the last minute . 
 it was keith who explained -- they never knew preston was n't riding . 
 when i 'd weighed in they 'd assumed i was him . 
 so when they did their checks at the end they found the right man on the right horse . 
 i guess if i had ridden and won we 'd have lost all the money anyway , for posting an unlicensed jockey . 
 although i 'm sure sally would have figured out some way around it . 
 as it stood , we had won fair and square . 
 nobody could touch us . 
 for about ten minutes . 
 19 . 
 the end in the end sally lost missile . 
 he was n't hers . 
 she 'd spotted him wandering untethered on the side of the road while she was on one of her vegetable delivering trips . 
 she pulled over and before long she was walking the long-legged youngster home . 
 she still says she never saw the gate to the field carelessly left open and she never knew that the field in question , indeed the whole piece of land she was driving through , belonged to a successful riding stable . 
 sally still claims that she never stole missile . 
 but she did her best to stop his owners from finding him -- she would n't deny that . 
 sally could see , as the horse grew bigger and stronger , that what he had was rather special and so she kept the name that they 'd stamped on his hoof : missile . 
 when preston showed up everything kind of clicked into place . 
 one day he arrived at the farm , demanding the horse back . 
 she offered him the ride and spartan was left searching for a missing runner and its rider . 
 about a week after the race they came down with a box to collect missile . 
 but sally was ok . 
 she 'd bet so much on missile that she 'd made enough to fix up the farm . 
 preston was chuffed . 
 he 'd won enough to buy himself a cottage and , perhaps more importantly , he 'd won his last race . 
 i went back home , with dexter . 
 believe it or not , everybody was pleased i was n't dead . 
 i promised my mum i 'd never run away again . 
 and i did n't . 
 i worked with alexi in the kitchen for the rest of the summer . 
 then they put me and dexter back in the conduct centre . 
 carlos had left and so , in a weird way , i suppose we became the kings of the c.c.c. . 
 it was n't so bad . 
 after a while , i got an apprenticeship at the big stables where missile came from . 
 dexter took my job in the kitchen with alexi . 
 he 's still working there . 
 i worked with missile until he stopped racing . 
 sometimes i 'd see serious sally around the place -- still delivering vegetables in her old mini . 
 she 'd always give me a wave or a friendly beep on the horn . 
 i can remember her smile now . 
 it 's the one thing about her that never changed : i still ca n't decide whether it was serious or not . 
 now , looking back , there 's just one thing i wish could be different about the story of what happened to me when i took my knife to the new school . 
 it 's not what you 'd think . 
 i 'd love to have ridden in that last race . 
 but maybe if i had we would n't have won . 
 it takes years to learn how to ride a real race and preston won because he knew how to do it . 
 the thing i really wish is this : i just wish i could tell it to my dad . 
 that 's what happened , keith . 
 i ca n't believe you do n't remember all this . 
 but maybe serious sally was telling the truth when she asked me to write this down for you . 
 perhaps the story of how missile and preston really did win the last big one is getting mixed up with all the cabbages and peas in that garden of yours . 
 all i can say is this ; i 'll never forget any of it . 
 i wo n't forget you , or preston or missile . 
 and i ca n't forget serious sally . 
 i 've put it on the page for you as accurately as i can . 
 i hope it 's useful and i hope things are going well for you in the garden at parchman farm . 
 all i know now is this . 
 i caught the horse-riding bug off preston , but i became too big to be a jockey . 
 then i went into the army . 
 that 's where i am now . 
 i 'm twenty eight , i 've seen a hell of a lot of stuff -- but nothing like the expression on serious sally 's face when missile crossed the line . 
 another day , another deutschmark . 
 clint southgate acknowledgments i would like to thank eifion jenkins -lrb- www.eifionjenkins.co.uk -rrb- for his help in editing and publishing this book . 
 dr barbara daniels deserves special thanks for her diligent editing and strident encouragement . 
 pam anthony should be thanked too , for adding yet more editorial advice and finding record numbers of mistakes . 
 needless to say , i make a lot of mistakes . 
 just like clint . 
 dan anthony about the author picture by keith morris , artswebwales dan anthony is a scriptwriter and author . 
 his rugby zombies trilogy -lrb- gomer press -rrb- is a big hit with young readers and he is a director of firefly press . 
 he has written scripts and short stories for bbc radio and tv -lrb- including cbbc 's hit series the story of tracy beaker -rrb- . 
 as well as running workshops in schools , he teaches creative writing at undergraduate and postgraduate level and is currently researching a phd in creative writing at cardiff university . 
