 something rotten : volume 1 of the mercenary 's guide to ruined seattle by will hose smashwords edition copyright 2014 by will hose background image courtesy of d. sharon pruitt cover art by tim hose this ebook is licensed for personal enjoyment only . 
 it can not be re-sold or copied for others . 
 if you 'd like another copy of this ebook , please buy one to support the hardworking authors . 
 if you 're reading this without having paid for it , please go buy a copy . 
 thanks for your support and respect . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental . 
 i swung my axe and split a goblin from skull to waist , encoring with a burst from my shotgun that did the job on his buddy . 
 the blast tore the little fucker in half with a thunderclap burst , the pieces smoking from contact with the iron in the shot . 
 goblins are allergic to iron , one of several ingredients in my special shells . 
 i felt an thump on my helmet and turned long enough to see raine glaring at me . 
 he snarled , `` ward ! 
 what part of ` no guns ' was too hard for you to comprehend , asshat ? '' 
 before turning back to the fight . 
 he used a pair of steel hammers , each about a foot and a half long and covered in the green crap that goblins used for blood . 
 i did n't bother to apologize : there was no time and he was right . 
 the boom from my gun set off a howl down the street as a dozen more goblins came to see what was going on . 
 i swore mightily and raised my dripping axe . 
 yes . 
 i 'm a half-dwarf who uses an axe . 
 forgive the shit out of me for sticking with traditions . 
 the goblins did n't care about tradition ; the moment they saw the six of us and saw that we were taller than three feet and not green , they screamed something and charged into what already felt like a crowded battle . 
 fighting with an axe is n't that hard , especially when there 's one edge to it , especially when the enemy comes in a flood . 
 there 's a sharp side and a dull side , and generally you just want to pretend you 're chopping wood . 
 there 's more to it than that , and probably some viking descendant is being all indignant about this , but come on . 
 artistry is for sabers . 
 not to say that birgitte and her sabre-dagger combo was n't getting the job done . 
 she was n't quite as heavily armored as i was , and it worked for her . 
 she made it look good , too , spinning and jumping in and out of the fight and all . 
 i did n't have names for half of what she was doing ; mostly i regretted not being able to watch her as she fought . 
 birgitte 's ass was the eighth wonder of the broken world . 
 the goblins closed around me just then , panting and screaming and smelling like copper while they tried to stab me with blades they 'd basically made out of old street signs . 
 the weapons were ugly and not very effective but they could kill me just as dead as an atomic-age rail gun if they got through my armor . 
 if i let them . 
 i had to drop the shotgun . 
 it swung back behind my shoulder on its strap . 
 then i swung hard , chopping into anything i saw that had a green tinge to it . 
 since that made up something like ninety percent of my environment it was n't hard to find a target . 
 i lost track of time and everything else except for killing . 
 another part of my dwarf heritage : berserking . 
 takes me a little longer than some of the true masters but when i get there i 'm in for the long haul . 
 it 's almost relaxing to settle into that haze of crimson , the blood spattering on my face and the enemies exploding off my axe . 
 i was vaguely aware of the others fighting around me but i was safe and secure in the cocoon of raw rage . 
 i was so safe and secure that by the time i woke up again i found myself killing the shit out of an old volkswagen van . 
 in my defense , it was baby-crap green . 
 the others stood around , panting and watching me go to town ; by the time i realized what was going on and stopped attacking it the vehicle was covered in gouges and punctures . 
 i had a lot of sharpening to do . 
 i was surrounded by a low wall of goblins , more warriors who 'd come to see who was killing a volkswagen . 
 my shotgun was nowhere to be seen , apparently torn from my back somewhere along the way . 
 `` proud of yourself , fuckstick ? '' 
 said baran . 
 `` just could n't stand not using that shotgun , huh ? 
 i knew it was a mistake to bring a newbie . '' 
 he spat to the side . 
 baran was tall and slim and had the cold eyes of a confirmed killer . 
 he had n't liked me from the start and the feeling was wholeheartedly reciprocated . 
 `` hey , heat of battle , '' i said , stumping toward him . 
 i only came up to his chest but i was a lot broader than he was . 
 he stood to his full height and drew one of his short swords , and i wondered if we were going to throw down right there . 
 exhaustion voted no but that psycho who lived in the back of my head licked some blood from his own arm and whispered yes . 
 `` shut up , all of you . 
 newbie , stand down . 
 find your gun . '' 
 ethan was the leader of breakers incorporated . 
 i did n't know his last name or what he 'd done before taking on jobs like this , but he 'd been doing scary things for a long time . 
 dark-skinned and handsome , he was n't as tall as either raine or gunner and was n't as lithe as birgitte or quick as baran , but there was no doubt that he was in charge . 
 i had never seen him change his expression from the polite interest that he usually wore , but something in his stare made baran put his sword away and me turn to find my fallen shotgun . 
 ethan watched to make sure that we were n't going to go back to growling at each other before turning to gunner , his second-in-command . 
 gunner was the biggest human i 'd ever personally met , and the cast of his features made suspect that there was some ogre in his background . 
 he carried a genuine claymore sword on his back in a special sheath , and like me he wore the heavy armor of the front-line fighter . 
 he 'd been on the other side of the group , protecting our rear while i 'd freaked out in front . 
 his voice was a low rumble as he consulted with ethan . 
 both of them threw glances in my direction from time to time . 
 i found the shotgun buried under three bodies ; it was full of goblin blood , which sets like molasses when it dries , so i started stripping it out to clean it as best i could before we got moving again . 
 mossbergs are some of the best shotguns in the world but if you dip a gun in syrup it 's just not going to work well . 
 raine sat down on the curb next to me . 
 of all the others , he was the only one who 'd made an effort to treat me as something other than expendable . 
 tall and broad in the shoulders , he was the largest of the breakers save for gunner . 
 he had a latticework of scars up his left arm ; he 'd told me that he cut a new one for every life that he took . 
 apparently goblins did n't count . 
 none of the scars were fresh . 
 `` should switch to a hammer , newbie , '' he said . 
 `` easier to clean , do n't have to sharpen it . '' 
 he took a polishing cloth and wiped the blood off of his hammers , leaving them good as new . 
 when i looked at the remains of my axe 's blade , i could see his point . 
 `` maybe . 
 i 've been using this a long time , though . 
 maybe i just like the history of it . 
 lots of my ancestors used axes like this , '' i said . 
 i wiggled a part of the gun loose and cleaned it ; the blood was n't setting quickly , which was my only saving grace . 
 `` yeah , well , something all your ancestors have in common . 
 they 're all dead , '' he replied . 
 i grinned but dropped it when birgitte approached . 
 her armor was damn near spotless , without a single scratch on it . 
 she moved like she had something in her background , too , like some elf or a valkyrie or something . 
 i had n't asked , of course ; it 's rude . 
 and it 's not like my case , where my heritage is stamped on every feature . 
 `` were you trying to get us killed ? '' 
 she said , her gorgeous face set in stone as she stared at me . 
 that was the other reason i had n't asked : birgitte thought of me as one step below a pile of dog crap . 
 `` aw , c 'm on , ` gitte , '' said raine . 
 `` like you never fucked up when you were starting out . '' 
 `` was n't talking to you , hammerhead . 
 newbie . '' 
 she reached out with the toe of one boot and prodded me . 
 `` no guns , that was the plan . 
 you 're supposed to know your shit . '' 
 `` heat of battle . 
 wo n't happen again , '' i said , looking up at her finally . 
 she towered over me but i was used to that kind of crap . 
 everyone towered over me . 
 birgitte scared me for other reasons , like the fact that she moved fast enough that i was n't sure that i could take her in a fight even with the new armor that the breakers had given me before we 'd started into town . 
 `` these were the new tribes , the ones who are n't strong enough to make it on the inside , '' she said , still glaring . 
 `` when we get in there , a shot like that could bring down half the city if it 's at the wrong time . 
 wait for your order , newbie , or we 'll leave you for the fucking crows . '' 
 she turned and walked toward gunner and ethan . 
 this time i did watch her ass . 
 so did raine . 
 `` she ai n't wrong , but it ai n't like you did it on purpose , '' said raine . 
 `` just wait , next time . 
 stick with that fucking axe until ethan says different . '' 
 he got up and sauntered off to find a wall to piss on . 
 i finished stripping and cleaning my shotgun and tested the slide a few times before slinging it back behind my shoulder . 
 i stood and started working the whetstone over the blade of the axe , trying to get it back to the point of usability . 
 it would n't do to get caught without some way to defend myself , not here . 
 i spit on the blade and listened to them argue with each other . 
 i glared up at the sign next to me , rusty and pocked with bullet holes , the remains of a crossbow bolt sticking out of one giant e. i shook my head as i read it . 
 `` fucking seattle . '' 
 sixty years ago , the large hadron collider at geneva , created by a group called cern , was supposed to usher in a new era of scientific achievement . 
 granted , more than a few people were convinced that the damn scientists were going to usher in a new era of the universe collapsing on itself , but trying to get a really passionate scientist stopped is harder than stopping a runaway train . 
 they insisted that there was no danger and at first there was n't . 
 they even found that god particle that they were always going on about , something that would something something the entire field of whatever . 
 i 'm not gon na pretend that i understand any of it , even now . 
 two days after finding the god particle , cern found something that they had n't expected . 
 there 's some special name for it but most of us call it the o-s particle . 
 that 's because the person on the recording where it showed up got to say `` oh sh - `` before he turned into the world 's most disgusting coat of paint on the nearest wall . 
 the os particle was n't even a thing , really . 
 someone told me that it was more like opening a doorway than finding a physical object . 
 but seriously ? 
 the only thing that mattered is what screwed up the entire world for the next sixty years . 
 magic came through . 
 at the time no one could believe it . 
 even when they were staring down a chimera or whatever , only a few people even knew what they were seeing and even fewer of them believed it . 
 one estimate says that half the world 's population died , but it 's hard to tell because of the way that the magic changed some people . 
 not all humans were human . 
 some of them were what i 've always thought of as leftovers . 
 the theory right now is that human history is a lot longer than we used to think , and that sometime in the misty past there used to be magic . 
 it got sealed off or turned off or whatever , and some of the races there got de-magicked , and they turned into humans . 
 the point is that when the magic came back , a lot of humans suddenly turned back into whatever their ancestors had been . 
 the world was subject to more than just european myths walking around , even with dwarves and goblins and all that weird crap that they had in ireland suddenly real . 
 africa had its share of problems , though with more people living a little closer to the old traditions they at least had a fighting chance . 
 half of australia went dark immediately . 
 india had turned completely to shit , and the civil wars there showed no sign of abating . 
 it happened to a lot of animals , too . 
 what , you think a platypus or a giraffe came from normal evolution ? 
 a lot of the problems in the civilized world centered around zoos in the big cities . 
 there were plenty of things that showed up that no one had ever heard of before , which just added to the fun . 
 i 'm part of the third generation after cern . 
 geneva itself is just gone , wiped from the map . 
 some of the races did n't waste any time setting up old-school governments ; apparently , the old stories were based on the kind of truths that came through in the genes when they reactivated . 
 dwarves quickly arranged themselves in terms of kingdoms , elves and other fey grouped up in their courts , and so on . 
 mom said that the dwarf she met down in the mines was some kind of prince . 
 i hear there are all kinds of settlements way down in the deep . 
 guess there was one down under that coal town in pennsylvania , anyway . 
 all i know is that she came up out of the mine that day pregnant with me . 
 i grew up without a dad , mom blaming me for every fucking thing that had ever gone wrong in her life , and i could n't wait to get out of there when i turned eighteen . 
 i joined a commune for a while , a group that called itself the sons of the particle and traveled around scavenging , but i could only eat so much `` elven granola '' before i had to move on . 
 from there i mostly wandered , earning my way with my axe when i could or my unskilled labor when i could n't . 
 two weeks ago i 'd managed to sign on with a cleaner crew . 
 the big cities are still screwed sideways , a lot of them , and most of the cleaner crews try to unfuck them . 
 you know how well that works if you know that old joke . 
 anyway , there are hundreds of these crews , mostly hired by what remains of the government . 
 it 's a pretty familiar situation for most of the world , though some of the more primitive parts seemed to do okay . 
 now the parts of the world that used to wish they were america are just fine with letting us rot . 
 places like seattle , where everything was big and modern and no one was superstitious , got eaten . 
 some places were just gone , or no one could get to them . 
 washington dc , built on all kinds of symbols that no one understood and that did n't mean anything until magic turned real again , was one of those . 
 no one could get within five miles of it without just disappearing into the dark cloud that surrounded it . 
 sometimes people would leave care packages outside the cloud . 
 offerings , too . 
 ethan ran breakers incorporated , the five-hand crew i 'd joined two weeks before . 
 none of them were real happy to see me , though i did my best to make myself useful . 
 they took me because i fit the armor and knew how to handle a weapon ; apparently the last temp had been attacked and killed somewhere along the way . 
 i had signed on as a little added firepower but if i 'd known that we were planning to hit seattle then i never would have joined up . 
 seattle was n't as bad as washington but it was full of plain meanness . 
 goblin tribes were just the tip , if the stories were right . 
 teams went in there sometimes but they did n't come out very often . 
 ethan planned to change that . 
 still , it was work . 
 breakers was a good crew , well-thought-of online and likely to be able to bring me out alive . 
 and hell , when else would i get to use my axe ? 
 well , when would i get to use it as much , anyway . 
 traveling mercs did n't get the good jobs very often anymore . 
 with breakers i would get a percentage of the fee and whatever we found inside that was valuable . 
 they paid in gold , bullets , and a promise that i could keep the armor if i survived the trip . 
 good enough for me . 
 i had n't counted on being treated like one of the fucking monsters myself . 
 you had to have a little magic in you to survive the kind of thing that they did but outside of gunner i did n't see anyone on the crew who was obviously a descendant . 
 birgitte 's ass was magical but i was n't sure if that counted . 
 my part of the job was simple . 
 i was supposed to keep the others alive . 
 we were trying to find out why there was another one of those dark clouds gathering around what was left of the space needle ; the people in charge thought that it might be useful to see what was causing it so that they could maybe figure out how to get into washington again . 
 the american government had relocated to chicago in the wake of cern , and they had a major hard-on for getting back into washington . 
 like i cared . 
 i mean , interesting , but seattle was just nasty . 
 i mostly wanted to get in , get out , and get paid . 
 `` newbie ! '' 
 birgitte yelled . 
 i looked up and saw that the rest of the team was gathering . 
 team . 
 what a fucking joke . 
 i was cannon fodder . 
 still , i wanted to be living cannon fodder when everything was finished , so slung my axe up onto my shoulder and hurried to join them . 
 ethan had a map . 
 maps were n't a hell of a lot of good anymore , since the terrain changed from time to time and the last really good ones were sixty years out of date , but it was marginally better than nothing . 
 he 'd blacked out the part of the city that had just split in half and sunk into the earth during the earthquakes sixty years before , and had used the same marker to make new lines that i guessed were the altered streets . 
 he pointed at the place where the new lines sort of intersected . 
 `` the needle . 
 that 's where we 're going . 
 and now i 'm gon na let everyone know about the second part of the contract . 
 we 're not just here to scout . 
 we 're also here to check out reports about a new warlord . 
 he 's supposed to be in the same place . 
 he 's got a bunch of people in there and he 's supposed to be taking charge of a lot of the tribes , consolidating power . 
 the brass does n't want that . 
 says that it 's a threat to their precarious power balance . '' 
 gunner snorted , sucking a huge volume of air out of the atmosphere . 
 we all knew what he meant ; the government was just as out of date as the map but no one wanted to admit it . 
 still , they paid , mostly in gold . 
 they 'd stopped trying to use paper money after the hysterical laughter had died down . 
 `` so what do we do when we get there ? '' 
 said baran . 
 `` save the people he 's got trapped , if we can . 
 at least figure out what he 's up to . 
 if we 're real lucky we might get a shot at the bounty on him , but i 'm not sure that 'll happen . '' 
 baran nodded and glanced at me , then back to ethan . 
 `` so now what ? '' 
 ethan pointed at a line . 
 `` we 're here . 
 just follow this . 
 kinda twists and turns , but that 's how everything is now . 
 baran on point , gunner on rear guards , no guns unless i say . '' 
 `` fucking got that , newbie ? '' 
 birgitte muttered . 
 `` fucking got that , '' i muttered back . 
 she looked surprised and then narrowed her eyes at me . 
 raine grinned . 
 we headed out , baran on point . 
 he liked his knives but while he was on point he stuck with his bow . 
 i did n't ask ; this crew had been together a while so i figured they knew how everyone operated . 
 i just stuck with my role and hoped that they would n't leave me to die somewhere . 
 we moved out of the mess that we 'd made of the goblin tribe , and i tried not to think about what might be waiting for us . 
 ever since cern day it could be literally anything . 
 i 'd even heard stories of dragons . 
 i did n't want to face down a dragon with just an axe and a shotgun . 
 that was a job for a full division backed up with attack helicopters and magicked anti-aircraft equipment . 
 we stopped at an intersection when baran put up his hand . 
 he pointed to his eyes and then up at an outcropping that had once been part of a skyscraper . 
 we looked . 
 a sphere floated above it . 
 i could n't see anything but white . 
 raine grabbed my arm and dragged me to a car , forcing me down below the edge of the door until i could n't see the sphere . 
 `` sauron 's eye , '' he whispered . 
 i stared at him for a moment , trying to figure out what the hell he was talking about . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that globe up there . 
 we were just lucky enough to see it before it saw us . 
 baran 's gon na take care of it . '' 
 i looked around the side of the car and saw that the rest of the team taking shelter behind other chunks of the landscape . 
 baran had an arrow nocked to his bow and appeared to be counting to himself . 
 i wanted to look at the eye but i did n't move . 
 i 'd screwed up enough for one day . 
 baran suddenly stood and loosed his arrow , then another . 
 he dropped to the ground and we all waited for the space of a heartbeat or two . 
 then there was a sudden burst of greenish light from the direction of the eye , bright enough to make us all squint . 
 the rest of the breakers stood , so i figured it was safe for me to do so as well . 
 i looked toward the outcropping and saw the sphere . 
 it was n't floating anymore ; it was stuck to the wall with two arrows . 
 `` okay , move fast , people , '' said ethan . 
 `` they ca n't see us now , but they 're gon na come out here and find out why . '' 
 `` who 's they ? '' 
 i asked raine as we moved out , walking quickly . 
 `` hags , probably , '' said raine . 
 `` they 're the ones that use the eyes . '' 
 `` so not sauron . '' 
 he rolled his eyes and i snickered slightly . 
 my snickering died down when we felt the ground shudder . 
 `` fuck , '' said birgitte . 
 `` they 've got a cyclopes . '' 
 the five of them immediately started scanning the area , two of them looking at the skyline while the others looked at the buildings nearby . 
 i was n't sure what to do , so i stood there holding my axe . 
 `` put that thing away , '' said gunner , speaking softly . 
 `` ai n't gon na do any more than piss a giant off with that . '' 
 i slung my axe behind my shoulder without a word . 
 i 'd never even seen a living giant before ; what did i know about fighting them ? 
 raine pointed down the road to our right . 
 `` there , '' he said . 
 we looked where he was pointing and saw the remnants of a pair of buildings that had collapsed together across a shared alleyway . 
 they had left a small cave between them , barely large enough to see . 
 the others took off , running toward the entrance . 
 i followed , not wanting to be left alone to meet whatever was making the ground shake . 
 gunner went in last , barely able to squeeze his bulk through the entrance to our hidey-hole . 
 he and baran looked nervous , glancing at the walls and ceilings as if they wanted to be anywhere else in the world , but i found the little cave to be nice and cozy despite the circumstances . 
 part of it was having birgitte pressed against my left flank , but honestly it just felt a little like coming home . 
 i had always felt at-home in confined spots , another part of my mixed heritage . 
 the others did n't appear to share my ease . 
 i could have told them that it was an incredibly stable configuration but i found that i enjoyed their discomfort a little bit . 
 the ground-shaking footsteps came closer and closer , heralding the stench of a thousand bodies long unwashed and turned rancid . 
 a few bricks shifted above us , bringing mutters from gunner and glares for quiet from ethan . 
 a foot the size of a fire truck slammed down into the street in front of our cave . 
 screw you and your square-cube law ; i 'm telling you how big it was . 
 magic can mess with physics like that sometimes . 
 we held our breath both as a means to keep quiet and a way to keep from breathing the giant 's rank scent . 
 there was a terrible silence and then another enormous footfall further down the street . 
 the foot by our doorway picked up and moved off , but not too far ; the giant came to a halt at the same intersection we 'd just used . 
 after a moment the creature let out a deep groan that echoed through the broken buildings and vibrated a few more bricks loose . 
 `` where are you , blinders ? '' 
 it said , the voice even louder . 
 i was surprised to hear a touch of anguish in its mighty roar . 
 there was anger there , even rage , but there was a note of desolate sadness as well . 
 ethan put his finger over his lips in a totally unnecessary gesture toward us . 
 `` come out and get what 's coming to you ! '' 
 a few loose bricks fell . 
 we did n't come out . 
 we huddled , hoping that it would leave . 
 instead the giant threw a tantrum . 
 he raged and roared , stomping and swinging fists at nearby buildings . 
 it was like standing near a really angry tornado , and by the time he was done i was surprised that we had n't been buried . 
 finally he was done and he headed back down the street the way he 'd come . 
 gunner waited for the footsteps to fade away and then headed for the mouth of the cave , but ethan grabbed his arm . 
 we waited in there for almost an hour before we felt the ground shaking again . 
 the footsteps were heading away from us . 
 when they faded the second time ethan said , `` it waited to see if we 'd come out . 
 they 're smarter than they sound . '' 
 this time he allowed gunner to lead us , into the afternoon light . 
 the giant 's tantrum had rearranged quite a bit of the surrounding skyline , knocking holes in some buildings and simply collapsing others . 
 a car was embedded in the third floor of an office building across the street . 
 there was no sign of the floating eye . 
 `` probably works for the hags , '' said baran . 
 `` when i shot out its eye , she sent him to find out what had gone wrong . '' 
 `` he was a scout ? '' 
 i said , incredulous . 
 baran 's expression said that it was a stupid question , but he answered anyway . 
 `` more like cleanup . 
 still better than fighting a hag . '' 
 i blinked and ethan turned to look at me . 
 `` we get into fight with a giant , best thing is to hide . 
 they 're smarter and faster than they look but they 're not very maneuverable . 
 if you get a chance with that axe , cut the tendon on the back of its heel . 
 once they 're on the ground it 's a lot easier . '' 
 i nodded nervously . 
 i told myself that my discomfort was the result of seeing a giant and not just from the fact that ethan was telling me how to kill one . 
 it implied that we might see more of them . 
 `` let 's get the hell out of here before it comes back with its friends , huh ? '' 
 said raine , grinning . 
 i could see the nervousness lurking behind the grin and did n't blame him even a little bit . 
 `` just glad we 're not going the same way as that thing , '' said birgitte . 
 she checked her loads and followed baran when he started off . 
 i followed after , settling back into my role . 
 the ambush came ten minutes later . 
 we 'd been so busy checking the skyline for giants that we had n't been paying close enough attention to the ground and the buildings around us . 
 the initial volley of arrows was hard to see but it felt like i 'd walked into a swarm of bees . 
 i growled something in warning but it was n't necessary ; the others had all been stung by the same things . 
 i had enough time to pull one of the stingers out of the back of my hand before things turned to shit . 
 it was n't a stinger , not exactly ; it was a tiny arrow , the shaft perhaps three inches long . 
 the wound , and the others around my arm , hand , and right side of my face , started to tingle and feel numb . 
 `` fuck ! 
 tinks ! '' 
 birgitte cried , and then we were engulfed in a swarm of fluttering creatures about six inches high . 
 there were all kinds of things that size , pixies and fairies and nixies and brownies and other things in all colors of the rainbow , but we did n't have time to identify our attackers so precisely . 
 they were tinks , and they were pissed at us . 
 it was n't my favorite kind of fight , since it was more like killing a swarm of bees than battling something that could hit back , but my axe would do well enough if i swung precisely . 
 i felt myself slipping into the rage as i drew the weapon but i fought it off . 
 flipping out would n't be a good thing in a tight formation like this one . 
 i soon found that sweeping the flat of my axe through the swarm was a lot more effective than using the blade . 
 i heard gunfire , the more swearing over the buzzing wings . 
 i did n't know where anyone else was or what they were doing , so i fought on . 
 the problem was that they did n't fight fair . 
 the tinks tended to stay away from my axe and swoop in from behind , stabbing for tender spots in the chinks of my armor and still firing those tiny arrows anywhere that they could get to . 
 whatever they 'd coated the arrows with , it was good stuff . 
 i fought it off for a minute , maybe two , before i stumbled over something on the ground . 
 it was gunner , fast asleep with his face bristling with the arrows . 
 i kept swinging , barely even fighting now but determined to kill as many of the little bastards as i could . 
 it took me a little while to realize that i was hanging upside down when i woke up . 
 it was dark , and wherever i was smelled absolutely foul . 
 it was worse than the giant 's stench . 
 then a light flared and brightened until i could see the rest of the room , and i realized that i was wrong . 
 it was precisely as bad as the giant 's stench had been . 
 a face the size of a gas station grinned at me , and its breath washed over me when it spoke . 
 i 'd stood downwind of a dump once when they were burning tires , and i wished i was there again . 
 `` hello , blinder , '' it said , glaring at me with a single eye set in the middle of its forehead . 
 fuck . 
 the wind from the giant 's breath set me swaying . 
 the vertigo was not a good combination with the stench , and i felt my stomach go into a slow roll . 
 i forced myself to focus and look around . 
 the others were hanging nearby , all of them apparently unconscious . 
 we were hanging from ropes ; other ropes swaying nearby held the skeletal remains of previous occupants . 
 other bones were scattered over the floor . 
 i was not encouraged . 
 the tink arrows were mostly gone , leaving welts like wasp stings behind all over us . 
 `` now clash , '' said another voice . 
 `` be nice to our guests , dear . '' 
 the voice came from behind me , and it sounded like it came from a throat that had n't drawn breath in centuries and was n't used to english anyway . 
 the giant 's face wrinkled in irritation before it withdrew . 
 it revealed a nighttime view of seattle , lit here and there with fires and even electric lights . 
 we were many stories above the ground , probably in an abandoned office building with part of the walls ripped off . 
 the owner of the ancient voice stumped around in front of me so that we stood face to face . 
 i immediately wished for the return of the giant . 
 she was larger than gunner , though not nearly as large as the giant named clash . 
 she wore tatters and rags sewn together from other , smaller sets of clothing over her wrinkled , greenish flesh . 
 no one had ever explained to me why so many of the supernatural races were greenish , but it was often true . 
 this one also happened to look like she was made out of cottage cheese . 
 the worst part was the single socket in the middle of her forehead where an eye was supposed to be . 
 it was raw and empty , and a few tiny white things wriggled down deep . 
 i focused on not throwing up . 
 `` one of the rock kin , i smell , '' she said , that horrible voice rasping at my ears . 
 `` would see . 
 ca n't see . 
 tree kin arrows took my eye , did n't it . 
 blinders . 
 blinders , the lot of you . 
 tasty . '' 
 `` i hear dwarves taste terrible , '' i said , my dry throat rendering my voice almost as bad as hers . 
 i felt awful , almost welcoming the idea of being eaten . 
 `` hmm . 
 tell you when you 're eaten , maybe . '' 
 she moved past me , toward the others , and i took stock . 
 panic gnawed at the back of my brain , jumping up and down and screaming to get my attention . 
 i ignored it and did my best to breathe deeply in spite of the smell . 
 i was n't in a good spot . 
 i hated heights , disliked open air , and loathed the sensation of dangling instead of being solidly planted . 
 the hag drifted between the hanging bodies , idly tearing a legbone out of one of the dead and gnawing on it as she did so . 
 while her attention was focused on gunner and she burbled to herself about making soup stock for her whole family , i did a midair sit-up that damn near made my head explode . 
 i reached down my boot and withdrew a small knife . 
 i looked up at the ropes holding me and took a deep breath . 
 this would suck . 
 i was trying to get into a sitting position again when a quick `` hsst '' cut through the air . 
 i rolled back down and looked around to find ethan staring at me . 
 he very deliberately looked at the knife in my hand and then directed his gaze toward birgitte , who hung nearby . 
 i looked at her and saw that she was awake as well . 
 her mouth was set in a grim line but she was awake . 
 i glanced at ethan again , who nodded , and i started to swing my arms back and forth . 
 as i built momentum , i got closer and closer to birgitte with every pass . 
 unfortunately , i also got closer to a hanging skeleton on the other side . 
 the rope started to creak as well , not particularly loud at first but gaining volume ; i 'm not a light guy , especially weighed down with all my armor . 
 i turned the knife around in my hand so that i gripped it by the blade , and when i was close enough to birgitte i reached as far as i could . 
 she missed it . 
 i swung back the other way , wobbling in the air thanks to my gyrations , and i crashed into the skeleton on the other side . 
 it exploded as if i 'd hit it with a grenade , bones scattering all over the floor amongst their brethren . 
 at the same time , the ropes around my ankles slipped , causing me to cry out as i gave in to the panic for a moment . 
 i cried out again when i clamped down on the knife in my hand and the keen edge bit through the leather and into my palm . 
 i swung closer to birgitte as the hag turned toward the god-awful noises i was making . 
 birgitte calmly reached out and pulled the knife out of my hand , slicing the hole wider and making me roar at her . 
 she ignored me utterly , bending upward as smoothly as if lying flat on the ground . 
 i made mental note of the way her body moved as she cut herself free , knowing that my hormones would want to refer back to that image when i was n't bleeding out in a charnel pit . 
 birgitte made no noise at all when she dropped to the floor , her armor and natural grace working together as she dodged behind raine . 
 the hag found me swinging and caught me with one hand that was almost as big as my torso . 
 she leaned in for a sniff . 
 `` rock-kin blood , i smell , '' she whispered . 
 `` poor thing 's hurt itself . 
 wo n't do , wo n't do . '' 
 i lost track of what birgitte was doing as the hag pulled my hand toward her mouth and reached out with a knobbled , warty tongue to lick at the blood that dripped out of my glove . 
 her spit stung like nettles but i could n't get loose of her no matter how i howled and jerked my arm around . 
 finally she tired of it and let me go to swing again . 
 i was all set to bellow at the residual pain when i realized that the cut did n't hurt anymore . 
 i looked down and saw that the hag 's spit had sealed the wound . 
 granted , it looked greenish and unhealthy , but at least the cut was closed . 
 i managed to look up just as one of raine 's hammers slammed into the side of the hag 's knee , toppling her with the sound of splintering bone . 
 she let out an agonized cry with that horrible voice . 
 birgitte had been busy . 
 she 'd found our weapons , and while her muscles were n't as prominent as raine 's she 'd had plenty of time to set herself up for a five-foot swing at the hag 's knee with his hammer . 
 the monster screamed and squalled , sounding like a tin roof in a tornado . 
 birgitte threw the knife she 'd taken from me , slicing through the ropes that held baran . 
 when he landed and she passed him his own knives , he set to work freeing the others . 
 i was last ; i probably was n't an important part of the equation now that i 'd given them the means to escape . 
 the important parts were the other hags coming up the stairs in response to the noise the first one was making . 
 they were n't coming quickly ; the stairs were sized for normal humans , and the hags had to stoop and maneuver , but they were coming . 
 it sounded like approximately a thousand of them rumbling up the stairs . 
 that we were probably only listening to a half dozen was no comfort . 
 i tried not to look or feel too desperate as the sounds got louder . 
 once gunner was free and had his sword again , slicing through the ropes went a lot faster . 
 i hit the ground in a heap and fought to pull in breath as i struggled to my feet . 
 none of it was easy , all of it was necessary . 
 birgitte tossed axe and knife my way , barely nice enough to aim them so that they did n't slice through my lungs . 
 i picked up my weapons as the first of the hags burst through the doorway . 
 the one on the ground writhed and cawed at them and they answered in the same not-language . 
 baran went after the one on the ground as gunner ran to meet the oncoming horde . 
 i joined gunner . 
 i heard a mighty clang behind me when raine 's hammer connected with the floored hag 's skull and simply bounced off . 
 it did n't seem to do the hag a lot of good but he did n't go straight through like he should have . 
 `` they 've got iron bones ! '' 
 ethan yelled . 
 `` go for the joints and soft spots ! '' 
 with that , he aimed and neatly drilled a hag through the eye socket with one pistol . 
 apparently we were allowed to use guns again . 
 i did n't have time to celebrate . 
 while ethan 's downed hag was causing trouble for the others on the stairs , a pair of them had gotten to the top already . 
 gunner swung madly , his sword clattering on his target 's bones whenever he struck . 
 his hag blocked with her forearms , apparently unconcerned with the cuts that he opened up there , and she struck with all the super-sized power at her command . 
 gunner 's sword was becoming chipped and dull , snagging in the hanging ropes and their awful burdens as he swung again and again . 
 i did n't have time to contemplate the situation for long . 
 a hag bore down on me , screaming like a mountain lion caught in a wood chipper , and i abruptly had my hands full . 
 i had to fight the urge to slip into the soothing rage , that berserking that would let me rest in the midst of its warm embrace . 
 the quarters were too cramped and i would be likely to hit the wrong target if i let myself flip out . 
 instead i chopped at her legs to try to slow her down . 
 it did n't work as well as i 'd hoped , though my axe did sink a couple inches into her thigh before coming to a stop on her iron femur . 
 she snarled at me and took a half-step back , twisting her hips , and the handle of the axe slipped out of my hands like it was greased . 
 i immediately reached for my shotgun , realized it was in the pile in the corner , and instead pulled out my knife . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 come get some , '' i said . 
 four inches of knife versus five hundred pounds of pissed-off hag . 
 this was going to go well . 
 fortunately , i was n't the only one there . 
 an arrow appeared high in my opponent 's chest , followed by another an inch lower . 
 one clinked off of a rib bone , but the lower one slid in smoothly to about half its length . 
 the hag felt at it , her empty eye socket blinking in astonishment , and i took the opportunity to follow orders . 
 i lunged forward and whipped my knife around the back of her leg , sawing at the achilles tendon as hard as i could . 
 the knife bit deep but she bucked me off before i could sever it entirely . 
 another arrow slammed into her chest , forcing her back , and when she put her full weight on the wounded leg i actually heard the damaged tendon snap . 
 she went down screaming , and the breakers swarmed her . 
 i struggled to my feet and looked for my axe , noticing along the way that raine and birgitte had taken care of the first hag . 
 unfortunately , the others hags had cleared the stairs and were starting to pop through the doorway . 
 `` fuck me , '' said ethan . 
 `` okay , breakers ! 
 time to get the hell out of here ! '' 
 we withdrew toward the sound of his voice , gunner fighting to hold off the hags with a sword that was little more than a steel bar by that time thanks to hag bones . 
 he was puffing hard but he did n't quit . 
 we got to the far stairwell , thus far clear of enemies , and baran held off the hags with a storm of arrows just long enough for gunner to withdraw as well . 
 i added a few punctuating arguments with my shotgun , glad to get a chance to use the damn thing , and we headed up the stairs . 
 up the stairs ? 
 i wanted to protest , to ask where the hell ethan thought he was going , but i was crushed into the middle of our abbreviated horde and could n't have stopped if i 'd wanted to . 
 gunner followed us up the stairs ass-first , holding back the approaching hags with little more than a metal stick . 
 he obviously did n't feel like stopping . 
 i just went along , hoping that ethan had an actual plan . 
 we went up three stories before ethan broke through the doorway and into another floor of the building . 
 it looked a lot like the one we 'd just left , though with fewer ropes and more wall . 
 he led us to the side , heading into the bowels of the darkened floor . 
 i hoped his plan did n't involve hiding ; even though some of them were blind , i suspected that the hags could sniff us out . 
 his plan did n't involve hiding . 
 he got to the far wall , which was partially crushed by an impact from something on the other side . 
 the windows were all broken out and covered , so i could n't tell what was going on out there . 
 ethan kicked at the dark material covering the windows , and when i heard glass shatter i placed what i was looking at . 
 another building just next door was leaning against this one . 
 he leapt across a small gap into the sloped twentieth floor of the neighboring building and gestured at us to come on after him . 
 we did , jumping one by one as the sounds of the pursuing hags got louder . 
 we stopped for a moment in the other building as raine took something the size of a paperback book from a pouch and started tying strings to it . 
 he winked at me and said , `` figure they wo n't see this surprise coming . '' 
 when he pulled away , i saw that he 'd set up a claymore-style mine . 
 they 're wonderful little things , full of ball bearings and high explosive and geared to fire in a huge arc in one direction . 
 raine had it pointed away from us , back toward the oncoming hags . 
 we took off for the second building 's fire escape , heading down this time . 
 it was n't the easiest climb , but it beat the shit out of the last one . 
 we made it down a floor and a half before a massive boom made the whole stairwell vibrate . 
 the hags started screaming again , this time in pain , and we laughed ourselves down to ground floor . 
 it was dark down there between the blacked-out windows and the nighttime , and we turned on our lights after a moment 's debate . 
 sometimes the reason an area was dark was because the inhabitants like to sleep late . 
 we moved slowly , and this time it was birgitte who held up a hand to stop us . 
 we froze and looked around , doing our best not to make a sound . 
 that time we all heard the whimper , and we loosened our weapons in their sheaths . 
 this , we knew , was an occasion that did n't call for guns . 
 birgitte moved toward an office 's door , making about as much noise as your average shadow , and she held up her hand with four fingers extended . 
 she counted down , three two one , and reared back to kick the door open . 
 `` fucking freeze ! '' 
 she cried , her sword out and pointed at a quivering lump on the floor . 
 the lump did n't seem to be in the mood to offer any resistance . 
 as we filed into the room , gunner taking rear guard , birgitte stepped forward and used the tip of her sword to flip the blanket off the lump . 
 it turned out that it was actually two lumps , a woman protecting a boy who looked as if he had n't had a good meal since ever . 
 they stared at us with the dull eyes of those without hope , and birgitte gave a disgusted snort . 
 there was something wrong with the boy 's eyes ; they were too wide . 
 it was hard to tell from where i was . 
 ethan moved forward to squat next to our catch . 
 `` what 're you two doing here ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 the woman was silent . 
 the boy said , `` waiting for day . '' 
 she pulled him tighter and made a shushing sort of noise , though her heart was n't in it . 
 `` what happens then ? '' 
 said ethan . 
 `` less monsters . 
 we find food . 
 go hide again , '' said the boy , matter-of-factly . 
 this was his life , after all . 
 he did n't know any different , and seemed a little surprised that there were adults who did n't get it . 
 ethan turned his stare on the woman . 
 she flinched , and i did n't blame her . 
 ethan did n't glare or threaten , but that stare was cold . 
 `` what 're you doing here , then ? 
 why are n't you at a stronghold ? '' 
 she started to shake her head , unwilling or unable to answer . 
 the little boy looked at her and then held up one hand , his fingers spread . 
 a thin membrane stretched between the fingers , and visible scales snaked down the top of his forearm . 
 his bald head bore more scales instead of hair , and his wide eyes looked even wider now that i could see that they were almost completely black . 
 i had no idea how old he was . 
 raine swore quietly and crossed himself . 
 `` boy 's a half-breed , ethan , '' said baran . 
 `` they wo n't take him in any stronghold i 've heard of . '' 
 i kept my face neutral . 
 everyone knew about the strongholds . 
 they were the places in the cities that were full of people too brave or stubborn or trapped to get out . 
 most of them had n't worked , and had fallen to either internal or external pressures , but a few had struggled into life and remained viable . 
 they tended to be made entirely of full-blooded humans , or at least those who could pass . 
 there were n't many visitors or refugees , but i had to assume that a kid who was part fish would n't be welcome . 
 nor would i , most likely , though my own ancestry was a lot easier to hide . 
 `` most likely caught outside the walls and raped , '' said birgitte , whispering to ethan but close enough for me to hear . 
 `` kicked out when the baby was born . 
 probably happens all the time in this shithole . '' 
 ethan nodded and turned back to the woman and her son . 
 `` tell me where your stronghold is , miss . '' 
 `` ai n't got one , '' said the woman , speaking for the first time . 
 `` said we had to go , could n't come back if i still had virgil with me . '' 
 ethan nodded . 
 `` well , maybe we can help with that . 
 we 're here to help , miss . '' 
 she looked up at him and i saw something spark down deep in her eyes . 
 perhaps there was a bit of hope left in these people after all . 
 she said , `` wait ` til day . 
 fewer monsters around . '' 
 he nodded and turned to us . 
 `` okay , we 're going to wait here . 
 catch some sleep if you can . 
 birgitte and i are going to see if we can do something about our scent trail , and then we 've got first watch . '' 
 i slumped against a wall , suddenly aware of how tired i was . 
 still , i took the opportunity to clean and reload my shotgun before i sharpened my axe . 
 the others did the same , gunner even managing to work his sword back to usability . 
 by the time he was done i was asleep , soothed by the sound of the whetstone on the metal . 
 it seemed like i 'd only blinked before someone was shaking me awake . 
 `` newbie . 
 moron . 
 wake the fuck up . '' 
 i looked around and found birgitte leaning over me , frowning at me . 
 `` time for your watch . '' 
 i sat up and groaned softly . 
 my muscles reported back about various aches , each of them eager to make its voice the loudest in the chorus . 
 i stood and stretched as birgitte gave me a scowl and headed off to lie down next to the far wall . 
 i did n't know what i 'd done to her in the first place but it did n't look like giving her means to save us all from being eaten was going to be enough to make us friends . 
 i went to the watchpoint near the door and was glad to find that i was teamed with raine . 
 he nodded to me as i took my spot . 
 `` good job with that knife , '' he said . 
 he had a pair of new cuts on his left arm , already clotted , adding to the design there . 
 i tried not to look . 
 i glanced at my palm where birgitte had cut me . 
 `` thanks . 
 wish that hag had n't frenched me there , though . '' 
 the wound was closed , still , though the greenish tinge remained . 
 at least it had n't spread . 
 `` no shit . 
 still , got another day fulla heartbeats . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 what 'd ethan and birgitte do to cover the scent , anyway ? '' 
 `` beats me . 
 something he learned from scary people , i figure . 
 little more subtle than my claymore . '' 
 `` that was intense . '' 
 `` no kiddin ' . 
 probably did n't even need to cover the trail . 
 they 're probably eatin ' their own up there , forgot all about us . '' 
 `` would you two kindly shut up ? '' 
 said ethan . 
 `` unless you want them to un-forget about us . 
 we 're too close for comfort right now as it is . '' 
 we shut up . 
 the next morning , well before dawn , we got up and readied our weapons . 
 the boy and his mother watched with wide eyes as we did our work , neither of them offering a word . 
 as the sun started to rise , ethan sat down next to the two of them . 
 they looked scared , and i could hardly blame them ; he was an intimidating guy at the best of times , and these were hardly that . 
 ethan looked back and forth between them and settled his gaze on the mother , who looked a little more together than she had before . 
 `` we 're going to need you to show us the way to your stronghold , '' he said . 
 she shook her head . 
 the boy just stared , half-hiding behind her . 
 ethan said , `` my team and i are here to stop what 's going on in the middle of town , around the needle . 
 we 're going to need your help to do that . '' 
 `` they ... they wo n't let us back in , '' said the woman , her eyes starting to go glassy again . 
 he shook his head and put his hand to her jaw , bringing her back around to focus on him . 
 `` we 'll make sure that you get inside . 
 both of you . 
 we need you for a guide , ma’am . 
 we 'll feed you and protect you along the way . '' 
 `` you 'll help us find a home ? '' 
 she said . 
 the boy seemed less hopeful than she did and i did n't blame him . 
 it was hard to get excited about a place you 'd never seen and was full of people who hated you . 
 `` that 's the plan , yeah , '' said ethan . 
 his tone said that it was n't the entire plan , and birgitte 's eye roll at his words seemed to confirm that , but it was enough that the woman reached out and took his hand . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered , the hope rising in her eyes again . 
 ethan gave her a surprisingly charming smile . 
 `` thank us by getting us to your stronghold . 
 we 'll keep you safe . '' 
 her name was lynette . 
 the boy was virgil . 
 she and the boy were right : most of the supernatural creatures that were really dangerous avoided the sunshine . 
 according to erasmus , an old vodoun priest i knew , it had something to do with the sun being an agent of cleansing . 
 `` at least that 's what i think when it comes to vampires , '' he 'd continued , giving me a shrug . 
 whatever the reason , the sun seemed to act like a heavy-duty laser on a lot of the undead . 
 it repelled a lot of other creatures , too , so i was fine with walking around in the light as long as i had my sunglasses available . 
 no , i 'm not a vampire-kin or anything like that . 
 dwarves are a subterranean bunch . 
 strong light just hurts my eyes , that 's all . 
 in spite of the urge that had led the two of them to hole up for shelter next to a hag 's lair , lynette knew her stuff when it came to avoiding danger in seattle . 
 she led us through a tortured maze of alleys and caves , each block taking five times as long to travel as they would have normally . 
 ethan was content to go along with it , apparently fine with the slow pace as long as we did n't run into anything else . 
 the greenish spot on my hand made me tend to agree with him . 
 it was noon when we finally stopped in the remains of a bus shelter . 
 the bus itself was actually wrapped around the small building , providing enough concealment that we felt safe in stopping for some dried lunch . 
 fuck travel rations ; i had lived on enough hard bread and cheese to last me the rest of my life . 
 we went with jerky and trail mix , crunching our way through a couple handfuls each . 
 lynette and virgil did the same , virgil 's eyes widening when he came to a piece of chocolate in the trail mix . 
 he took it out of his mouth and showed it to me . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` chocolate . 
 wizards make it . '' 
 it was true as far as i knew . 
 he stared at it for a few more seconds before putting it back in his mouth , reverently licking his dirty fingers to get every last smidge . 
 i grinned . 
 it was hard not to enjoy his simple delight in something i was so used to . 
 he gave me a shy smile in return . 
 `` so 're we gon na make it to the stronghold today ? '' 
 said baran . 
 he stared at the two of them , his cold eyes reflecting nothing remotely human . 
 lynette shrank beneath his gaze . 
 `` n ... not today.tomorrow noon . '' 
 baran swore in some language i had n't heard before . 
 he turned to ethan and said , `` let 's just ditch ` em and push through . '' 
 ethan 's look shut baran up . 
 `` that 's something i 'd expect the newbie to say , '' said ethan . 
 i decided not to protest . 
 `` she 's been alive here a lot longer than we have . 
 we follow her lead . '' 
 he did n't look at lynette , either before or after his speech , but i saw her spine straighten a bit . 
 birgitte rolled her eyes again but said nothing . 
 two hours later , we stopped in front of a billboard that had three goblins nailed to it in a floral pattern . 
 two of them were dead . 
 the other one just looked at us , his ribcage moving weakly and his tongue hanging out . 
 he was n't even strong enough to summon a cry of alarm . 
 above them , carved into the top of the sign , there were eight curving slash marks . 
 `` eight claws , '' said virgil . 
 they were the first words he 'd spoken since the chocolate . 
 `` werewolf gang . '' 
 `` are you fucking ... ethan , is he fucking kidding ? '' 
 said raine , looking around as if trying to see through the ruins around us . 
 ethan shook his head . 
 `` i 've heard of the eight claws . 
 supposed to be one of the powers in this part of the city . '' 
 `` well that 's the best news . 
 are we gon na go through that ? '' 
 said raine . 
 `` how about i ask the guide and find out ? '' 
 said ethan , shutting raine up with a glare . 
 i noticed that none of the other breakers ever gave ethan any shit after he glared at them . 
 given the level of danger that the others brought to the table , it was a sobering thought . 
 `` could go through today , but it would leave us in the naga territories , '' said lynette . 
 `` nagas , '' said birgitte , her voice flat . 
 her fingers tightened on the hilt of her sword . 
 lynette nodded . 
 `` timber rattlers . 
 harder to fool than the wolves . 
 they can sense body heat . '' 
 `` so it 'd be harder to find a place to hide at night , '' said ethan , nodding . 
 `` wolves 'd sniff us out anyway , sir , '' said gunner , sounding utterly unbothered by either prospect . 
 `` caught between the devil and the deep bl - `` said baran . 
 he was cut off by ethan 's hand appearing around his throat . 
 ethan lifted the larger man with one hand , his face caught in a snarling rictus that i had n't seen before . 
 i gaped at the sight of baran scrabbling at ethan 's arm with both hands , making no headway . 
 `` do n't talk about shit you do n't understand , '' said ethan . 
 he sounded a pissed-off as i 'd ever heard anyone sound . 
 baran gargled out something that could have been enthusiastic agreement and ethan let him drop . 
 he turned back to lynette and virgil , his face neutral as usual . 
 i took a careful step away . 
 `` sorry ` bout that , '' said ethan , not sounding sorry in any way . 
 `` now , you were saying about hiding from the nagas ? '' 
 lynette held perfectly still , her eyes darting from ethan to where baran lay crumpled on the ground . 
 finally she said , `` we ... we can do whatever you like . '' 
 her voice was hardly more than a whisper . 
 ethan nodded . 
 `` fair enough . 
 all right , i think we should push through the eight claws territory and take our chances with the snakes tonight . 
 it 'll put us that much closer to the stronghold tomorrow . '' 
 no one argued . 
 apparently taking our silence as elated approval , ethan shouldered his assault rifle and nodded to lynette to show the way . 
 we passed under the sign , leaving the goblin to expire in the afternoon sunshine . 
 the route that lynette took through the eight claws territory was even worse than the previous one ; it had to have taken us ten blocks ' worth of walking to make one block of progress . 
 some of the boltholes and trails were small enough that gunner and raine had to crawl on their hands and knees while the rest of us stooped almost double . 
 i secretly enjoyed the sight . 
 there were advantages in being a short guy whose ancestors knew about tunnels . 
 still , it was n't a lot of fun . 
 it also did n't work . 
 we made it about halfway through when we came to a place where a smaller tunnel opened onto a partially collapsed street . 
 lynette took a few steps out , looking around , and baran followed a step behind . 
 virgil was back in the tunnel with me and the others were spread out along the way , gunner taking the rear . 
 ethan followed baran out into the street and then there was a clang loud enough to wake up everything in a ten mile radius as a huge metal grate slammed down over the tunnel 's entrance . 
 a lesser clang echoed from behind us , muffled by gunner 's bulk . 
 a similar grate was blocking our escape that way . 
 we were trapped . 
 grates started to rise all around us , sealing off the tunnel in sections as human-form werewolves dressed in bright colors flooded into the street around the three trapped outside . 
 werewolves , were-anythings , ca n't take their animal forms unless it 's nighttime or unless they 're very strong . 
 no one that we saw was in animal form , so either they were n't strong enough or they did n't see us as enough of a threat to shift . 
 given that we were caged , i could see their point . 
 outnumbered five to one , ethan put his gun down and held his hands out as he tried to talk them down . 
 i could n't hear much of what was going on out there thanks to the distance and the way that virgil was shrieking for his mother . 
 the eight claws leader called us things like rats and little snacks , but i was busy trying to figure a way out of the trap we were stuck in . 
 `` raine , '' i said . 
 `` hammer ! '' 
 the big man did n't argue , just unclipped one of his hammers and slid it to me through a gap in the grate that separated us . 
 i picked it up and put my hand out flat on the wall next to me . 
 there are legends about the old dwarves , the ones who came before cern . 
 some of them could walk through rock , or cause cave-ins by breaking the tunnel walls from the other side . 
 i had never met anyone who could do that but i knew that i was able to feel the rock around me when i was in a cave . 
 i could tell sometimes when there was an open space nearby , and once i swore that i could smell the crystals in the walls of a cave in arkansas . 
 i hoped that a collapsed-brick tunnel was close enough for my senses to help me . 
 i worked hard to filter out virgil 's screaming and the laughter from the end of the tunnel where ethan was trying to negotiate . 
 i tried to push my senses out through the bricks , into the space beyond to see what was there . 
 i felt bricks beneath my hands , and beyond them something else . 
 calling up all of my hope and the power of my heritage , i gave the hammer as much of a swing as i could in the cramped space . 
 raine 's protests died when the wall me crumbled and revealed an even smaller tunnel . 
 it was too small for me , but i could tell right away that virgil would have no trouble . 
 i turned to the boy , whose wailed had turned to tearful moans , and i said , `` virgil . 
 kid . 
 hey ! '' 
 my shout got his attention for a moment , and i pointed at the hole i 'd made in the wall . 
 `` get in there and see if you can find out how they dropped these grates . 
 you 're the only one who can do this . 
 look for a chain or a rope or something . '' 
 it took me a few more seconds to make him understand what i was looking for , but eventually he crawled into the tunnel and started looking around . 
 i passed him my knife . 
 `` i see ... there 's a rope . 
 um . 
 there are a lot of ropes . '' 
 `` start cutting them . 
 cut ` em all , '' i said . 
 there was n't time for engineering considerations . 
 the werewolves were getting louder outside ; i could see that ethan was surrounded by a shrinking circle and that baran 's bow was bent even further back , the string trembling under the strain . 
 they would n't survive him shooting someone ; the assembled forces would tear them apart . 
 we had to get out there to back them up . 
 there was a twang in the wall and i felt the grate next to me shift downward an inch before stopping . 
 `` good job ! '' 
 i told virgil . 
 `` keep going ! '' 
 i turned just in time to see birgitte unclipping a grenade from her vest . 
 `` what 're you going to do with that ? '' 
 i said . 
 she nodded toward the hole where virgil had vanished . 
 `` get us out of here sooner , '' she said . 
 i shifted my weight around and pulled my shotgun up to bear on her . 
 `` you pull that pin and it 'll be the last thing you do . '' 
 `` you fucking newbie idiot , '' she snarled . 
 `` you think we 're going to live long enough to have that kid cut those fucking ropes ? '' 
 another twang punctuated her words , and the grate next to baran shifted downward . 
 the grate between me and baran fell back down into the ground , giving me a little more room to maneuver . 
 it also gave baran the chance to grab my shotgun and wrench it upward so that it was n't pointed at birgitte anymore . 
 i swore and struggled with him , but he had leverage on me . 
 `` if she does that she 'll bring the whole tunnel down on us ! '' 
 i protested , trying to pull my gun out of baran 's hands . 
 `` you pull that pin i 'll shoot you myself , '' said gunner , his deep voice rumbling through the tunnel from behind birgitte . 
 we stopped long enough to see him at the end of the tunnel , his greenish face hanging like a moon in the gloom but the muzzle of his pistol clearly visible . 
 it was aimed at birgitte 's head . 
 she snarled something and put her grenade back , and then baran let go of my shotgun after i relaxed . 
 `` this is n't over , '' said birgitte , glaring at me . 
 before i could respond there was a series of twangs in the wall and both baran 's grate and the grate that covered the front of the tunnel fell down . 
 he and i changed plans without talking about it . 
 i handed his hammer to him and surged out the hole after him . 
 i called back , `` virgil ! 
 cut the other ropes the same way ! '' 
 as i crawled out . 
 the werewolves had been distracted by the giant grate falling . 
 ethan had taken advantage of that distraction , correctly interpreting the sound and reaching down to pick up his fallen gun . 
 the werewolves recovered quickly , drawing various firearms and hand-to-hand weapons , so i opened up with the shotgun as soon as i had a clear line of fire . 
 mossberg makes wonderful weapons , and i had n't had to modify anything but the loads . 
 after cern , a lot of the old stories were suddenly true , and i loaded my rounds accordingly . 
 each one was still about half lead , but i had added a few pieces of shot made from silver and a few more made from iron to each one , capping them off with a sprinkle of good old rock salt for its cleansing and preserving abilities . 
 werewolves could recover from damn near anything but fire and silver , and their supernatural healing was a lot slower in the sunlight . 
 i did n't have to kill them so much as incapacitate them long enough for my axe to get to work severing parts . 
 i shot for the legs , blowing out knees as raine waded in , bellowing . 
 people have the idea that a shotgun covers a huge area , and when you 're standing far away enough that 's true . 
 from fifteen feet , you 're talking about an area the size of a baseball , so even close-up you 've still got to aim a little unless the gun 's cut down to ridiculous lengths . 
 between the bits of silver and the sheer impact of the other ingredients , the wolves that went down were n't very interested in getting up again . 
 i 'd read somewhere that the salt interfered with the healing as well . 
 all i knew was that physics was enough to stun the shit out of your average werewolf . 
 raine had obviously read the same books . 
 again , a hammer to the head was n't going to kill one , but it would keep the wolf 's mind off of current events while it tried to heal the damage . 
 anything that could n't heal instantly from a wound was going to feel it when one of those hammers hit . 
 if it had been nighttime , it would have been a different story , but during the day we were able to hold our own . 
 ethan shot mechanically , his gun moving from point to point without seeming to cross the space in between . 
 he looked like a trick of robotics , every round hitting something either fatal or painful enough to draw a wolf 's attention away from us . 
 he even shot weapons out of hands , something i 'd never seen before . 
 baran was simply magical , aiming and firing his bow at targets that i did n't even realize were around . 
 he stood back from the carnage , apparently unaffected by it , aiming at distant targets before they became serious problems . 
 my only warning that birgitte had joined the battle was a low whoosh as she moved by me . 
 she was obviously used to working with the others , darting in and out of raine 's fight to land blows with her sabre and a dagger that , to judge by the reactions that the werewolves had to it , was at least edged in silver . 
 still , the four of them seemed unbalanced somehow , struggling to close the flank until gunner got there . 
 with his enormous sword flailing , he protected the other half of the battlefield the same way that raine did his . 
 with gunner and raine holding them off , ethan landing shot after shot , birgitte stabbing through the holes in the defense , and baran sniping anything that he saw , the werewolves simply could n't sustain their assault . 
 their return fire was pitiful , disorganized ; they were used to killing with teeth and claws , not pistols . 
 i could n't see the best place for me to lend an axe or a shotgun without hitting one of my own people , so i concentrated on making sure that lynette and virgil were all right . 
 lynette was screaming into the tunnel for her boy and she would n't get out of my way . 
 i finally had to lift her by both shoulders and move her aside so i could get in there . 
 she struggled and tried to fight me , but i ignored her ; against my armor , her blows were as effective as strokes from a butterfly 's wing . 
 the gunfire and screaming faded as i crawled back in , taking comfort in the walls of cinder block and wood . 
 i found the entrance to virgil 's tunnel and called down it . 
 `` hey kiddo ! 
 it 's ward ! 
 your mom 's looking for you ! '' 
 virgil 's dust-streaked face appeared , startling me a little , and i helped him out of the tunnel . 
 by the time we got out into the open air , the battle was pretty much over . 
 werewolves lay badly hurt all around use , and the only indications that the breakers had been in a fight were the streaks of blood and occasional scratch on their armor . 
 ethan saw us crawl out and nodded to us . 
 `` okay , let 's get the hell out of here before more of them show up . '' 
 `` anyone bit ? '' 
 said baran . 
 i felt a chill . 
 the bite of a werewolf can pass on its curse , even if the wolf in question is in human form at the time . 
 fortunately , no one seemed to have been bitten . 
 `` we were lucky , folks , '' said ethan . 
 i was n't sure about that ; birgitte 's glare promised me a slow death . 
 i did n't have time to worry about her brand of crazy at the moment , though . 
 i made sure that virgil was okay and walking , and i got my knife back from him . 
 we fled the eight claws territory . 
 i was n't sure if lynette was sticking to her original route but i doubted it ; the new one involved a lot of straight lines and quick travel . 
 it was a while before we stopped to take stock . 
 as soon as we stopped in the storefront of a blasted-out gas station , birgitte took two quick steps and slammed me into a wall . 
 she leaned her full weight on me , a situation that would have been pleasant another time , and snarled , `` do n't you ever throw down on me again , you fucking worm . 
 not unless you mean to finish it . '' 
 i struggled to push her away , managing to get a little space . 
 she was a lot stronger than she looked . 
 i said , `` hey , you were going to collapse the whole damn tunnel down on top of us . 
 best-case , you would have killed the kid , you psycho . '' 
 lynette gasped when i said that . 
 i realized we had an audience . 
 raine and baran looked amused at the altercation . 
 gunner appeared the same way he always did : impassive , as if the world bored him but what 're ya gon na do ? 
 ethan was the only one glaring at us . 
 i was glad he looked irritated with both of us instead of just me . 
 i said , `` sir , she was going to unpin a grenade down in that fucking tunnel . 
 i drew on her to make her stop . '' 
 before anyone could say anything , gunner rumbled , `` ' strue , ethan . 
 lookit him . 
 dwarves know tunnels . 
 she was gon na kill the kid or us . '' 
 birgitte 's voice came out in a screech . 
 `` i was going to blast down the fucking gates ! '' 
 `` shut up , all of you . '' 
 ethan had that trick of being able to cut through noise without raising his voice . 
 he pointed at birgitte . 
 `` you , we need to keep our guide and her son alive , and we do n't need you collapsing tunnels or any other stupid shit . 
 get it together . '' 
 he pointed at me . 
 `` if you draw on one of my people again i 'll kill you myself . '' 
 birgitte shoved me one more time and stalked away , muttering . 
 i just let her go , unwilling to meet anyone 's eye . 
 ethan turned to lynette , who was watching the proceedings with wide eyes as she held virgil close , and he said , `` now we have to find shelter from the snakes and the wolves before night gets here . 
 where should we go ? '' 
 neither his tone nor his expression changed the entire time . 
 it was n't reassuring . 
 lynette must have been aware of her situation , though , as she nodded and looked down the street . 
 she pointed . 
 `` there 's a safe spot that way . 
 we 're going to have to climb a little to get to it . '' 
 ethan nodded and then gestured toward the road , indicating that she should lead the way . 
 baran took his spot next to her , on point , and the rest of us followed . 
 we returned to our usual circuitous method of moving forward , walking back trails and arcane paths that i did n't see before we were on top of them . 
 i stayed as far from birgitte as possible , taking heart in the fact that she was ignoring me now that ethan had snarled at her . 
 i could n't wait for this mission to be over with . 
 maybe i would go back to arkansas or something when we were done here . 
 god knew that there was nothing to keep me here . 
 lynette 's new path took us a couple of stories above the street . 
 a series of telephone poles , broken buildings , and other materials formed a fragile road there above the streets of seattle . 
 everything smelled of papery scales , indicating that this was a naga passageway , and we moved as quickly as we could to avoid them . 
 nagas were n't horribly dangerous but there were usually a lot of them and it did n't take many of their bites to get overloaded with poison . 
 they tended to sit very still , blending into the background even if you used a thermal scope because of the way that they took on the surrounding area 's temperatures . 
 a nest of nagas striking by surprise could ruin our day . 
 even with the sun up it was a cool day , guaranteed to make the nagas a bit sluggish . 
 they had magic they could fall back on but it was basically enough to stay alive until some outside heat came along . 
 that was the prevailing theory , anyway , which did n't account for why so many naga-related deaths happened at night . 
 i made a mental note to ask raine about it while we camped . 
 the safe area was a relatively cleared spot on top of a three-story building . 
 it was free of most rubble but alongside one wall stood stacks and stacks of wood from every source i could imagine : chair legs sat next to tree limbs sat next to joists from broken houses . 
 the wood was covered with scraps of tarps weighed down with broken cinder blocks . 
 ethan pointed to several spots on the roof that appeared to be the remains of large fires . 
 `` start piling wood , breakers . 
 stack it high . '' 
 i did so , wanting to know why but figuring that i would find out if i just watched . 
 the others worked with a minimum of talk ; i figured they were either exhausted or in the know . 
 virgil struggled with a log about the size of his leg and seemed content to work without any help . 
 lynette just sat in the middle and watched , her eyes dead with fatigue . 
 once the wood was piled high , ethan had baran light it with the fire starter in his pack . 
 i did n't like the look in his eye when he stared at the flames , but baran knew his work and the four bonfires were soon burning merrily . 
 the others seemed content to just lay out their bedrolls in the middle of the circle of fire . 
 `` why are we doing it this way ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` wo n't this just be a beacon ? '' 
 ethan looked at me a moment and nodded . 
 `` all right , newbie . 
 the walls will shield the light . '' 
 he pointed to the sides of the building and i saw that what i had assumed as the top was actually the remains of an upper floor ; there were walls all around us about waist-height on me . 
 `` it is n't perfect but it 's better than nothing . 
 nagas are invethermic . 
 when it 's cold , they move faster than when it 's hot . 
 so these fires are gon na drain their energy and slow ` em way down if they find us . '' 
 i guess that explained why the snakes seemed more active at night . 
 `` and they will , '' said baran , grinning a grin that i did n't like . 
 `` and they will , '' ethan agreed . 
 `` so we 'll have watches . '' 
 `` how come no one 's mentioned this before ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` about the thermic thing . '' 
 `` most people do n't know . 
 most people figure they 're more like snakes . '' 
 i sure had . 
 `` keep your eyes open , newbie . 
 learn things , '' said gunner . 
 there was a liquid chuckle from one of them that made me shiver in spite of the heat from the fires . 
 this expedition was starting to feel like a worse and worse idea , but i was in too deep now to just leave . 
 `` okay , whoever 's on watch needs to keep those fires going , '' said ethan , not reacting to gunner 's words . 
 `` if ... when the snakes get here , they 're going to be our only chance . 
 got it ? '' 
 we did . 
 ethan assigned watches and i settled down to sleep in my bedroll on the opposite side of the fire circle from birgitte . 
 i did n't think she was going to kill me in my sleep , not with so many witnesses around , but she had been crazy enough to consider popping a grenade in a tunnel . 
 there was no telling what she might take it into her head to do . 
 i did n't want to fight her if i could help it ; the memory of her fighting the goblins was still fresh in my mind . 
 i watched long enough to see her loosen her armor . 
 she gave a small groan ; she was a well-curved woman , so i figured it was uncomfortable for her to stay compressed in the armor all day . 
 i did n't say anything , though ; i liked my liver where it was . 
 when i woke , lynette and virgil were asleep between me and raine . 
 ethan was kicking at my leg to wake me up , and i reached out to wake raine once i was conscious . 
 we got up as ethan and baran were going down . 
 baran gave me a considering look , as if trying to figure out where to shoot me that would cause the most damage , but ethan just turned in without any comment beyond , `` all clear so far . '' 
 i stood on one end of the circle , between two of the bonfires , and raine stood at the other . 
 sentry duty is the worst . 
 i 'd rather clean latrines . 
 most of the time it 's just hours of staring off into the darkness while trying to stay awake . 
 i have better night vision than the standard human , though the flickering fires eliminated a lot of that advantage . 
 from time to time we 'd go out and pull in more wood to rebuild the fires , but that was the extent of the excitement . 
 toward the end of the watch i kept glancing at raine to see if it was time to wake up gunner and birgitte , and while i was distracted with thoughts of my bed the nagas slithered out of the dark . 
 they came the same way we 'd come earlier , sliding over the gap in the walls with barely a sound besides the thump of their landing . 
 they were about eight feet long , with two thirds of their bodies appearing to be regular snakes . 
 they had human-shaped torsos , heads , and arms , though they were obviously not human . 
 they had scales all over their bodies , with slits for ears and noses . 
 they carried blades for weapons , and some of them had spears . 
 they smelled awful , like rotting meat . 
 i watched in shock as five of them appeared . 
 then i turned to scream for the others . 
 raine had another half-dozen on his side , and both of his hammers out . 
 the rest of the breakers and our guides woke immediately ; it was hard to sleep deeply when you might be attacked at any time . 
 by the time i looked back , the five nearest me had become ten . 
 `` permission to use firearms , '' said ethan , sounding calm . 
 that was all i needed ; i pulled my shotgun up around my shoulder and started firing . 
 all around me the others did the same . 
 the problems were twofold : we could barely tell when we hit the damn things and more were piling in with each passing moment . 
 i struggled to remember what i 'd heard about the snake-folk . 
 they were supposed to be bulletproof ; if that was the case then we were screwed anyway . 
 i noticed that they were n't thrilled about coming close to the fires . 
 the bonfires were burning a little low , and the snakes blocked the way to the rest of the fuel . 
 i soon found that they were n't bulletproof . 
 they were fast . 
 shooting at them was like trying to use a bb gun to hit a housefly , but a shotgun has a natural advantage in that situation . 
 they hissed at us and spears started to rain into the clearing between the fires . 
 i checked and found gunner standing over lynette and virgil . 
 i only looked away for a moment but it was long enough for a naga to sneak in and stab me in the back . 
 the cut was n't deep thanks to the armor , but it was enough to get my attention . 
 i turned with a bellow and fired , but the naga had already disappeared into the writhing mass . 
 our gunfire started back up as we attempted to cover all four gaps in the fire line , but it faltered and then fell silent as we ran out of ammunition . 
 the others switched out magazines but i had to drop my shotgun and ready my axe instead . 
 the wound in my back ached and burned with each movement , and i could feel blood trickling down my ribs on that side . 
 another spear got through my guard and gouged my upper leg . 
 for the first time i felt scared that i might not survive . 
 `` baran . 
 do it . '' 
 ethan 's voice remained calm , cutting through the gunfire and cries without apparent effort . 
 i kept swinging , hitting nothing . 
 the nagas were moving so quickly in the cold night that it was impossible to tell where they were going to be from moment to moment . 
 i could n't tell what was happening behind me , could n't take my eyes off the nagas as they moved closer . 
 they were toying with me , grinning at me with their lipless mouths and dripping fangs . 
 behind me i heard a sound that made me think that someone had switched on the world 's largest vacuum cleaner . 
 the light from the fires flared , brighter than anything i 'd seen since the sunset . 
 the nagas reared back , hissing , and i got a chance to see what was going on . 
 i looked back and saw baran facing away from me , a bloom of flame ten feet high and twenty feet wide pouring from his face . 
 it roared over the nagas on that side , the snakes screaming as frost bloomed on their skins . 
 i gaped as the fire played out . 
 it left the nagas frozen solid , only a few body parts twitching on the edges before going as still as the main body . 
 baran leaned down to the nearest fire and made the vacuum noise again as he inhaled . 
 the fire whipped down his throat until the flames were gone . 
 he turned in my direction . 
 `` newbie get away , '' yelled raine . 
 i dodged to the side as best i could as the fire rolled out of raine 's mouth . 
 he opened wider than he should have been able to , wide enough to swallow my foot without chewing , and again i heard the roar of the flames . 
 i got a little scorched but i was okay with that as the flames froze the nagas . 
 birgitte and baran held the others off as raine froze the main body of the attackers . 
 i took the opportunity to reload the shotgun as i scrambled to join birgitte 's side of the fight . 
 she was dangerous as hell and faster than me , but with her lighter weapons she was barely holding her own . 
 she struggled with holding three of them back at once , but there were another dozen trying to sneak by her as she did so . 
 i was able to at least plug that hole , standing in the gap between her and the fire . 
 whatever she felt about me , for whatever stupid reason , i realized that she was one of the factors keeping me alive in this place . 
 she apparently felt the same way , because she concentrated on the nagas instead of stabbing me . 
 baran did his trick again , freezing the nagas by raine , and between the five of us we were able to fight off the others . 
 baran moved slowly , as if he was sick , but since he was n't a front-line fighter he did n't cause any problems by slowing any of us down . 
 his shooting was just as sharp as before and soon we were surrounded only by dead or frozen nagas . 
 baran sat down with his forearms on his knees , his head bowed as if he was asleep . 
 the bonfires he 'd inhaled were just embers now , with no flames visible . 
 the other breakers gathered around him to check on him , pointedly excluding me from the group . 
 i decided not to say anything . 
 i checked on virgil and lynette . 
 they were okay , if wide-eyed . 
 i could relate . 
 i took the time to haul some more wood and restart the depleted bonfires . 
 by the time they were burning again the breakers had resumed their previous places . 
 there did n't seem to be any more nagas coming in so i edged around to raine 's side of the clearing . 
 `` so , '' i said . 
 he nodded , staring off into the darkness . 
 a few frozen snakes littered the ground , broken into pieces . 
 `` what , ah ... the fuck , you know ? '' 
 i went on . 
 i trembled from the aftermath of the adrenaline and winced a little as i became aware of my wound . 
 before raine could say anything i opened my armor and dropped it . 
 `` could you take a look at that , man ? '' 
 raine nodded and came around behind , prodding at the wound with his thick fingers . 
 he took out a small first aid kit and rummaged through it while . 
 while he was doing that , i said , `` so what the fuck was that all about , again ? '' 
 `` ai n't my place to talk about it , '' said raine . 
 his tone was strange . 
 i was used to him being garrulous , talking all the time , but now he seemed unable to answer a simple question . 
 `` you 're the only one who 's going to . 
 seriously , what was going on there ? '' 
 he sighed as he put a bandage on my wound . 
 when he was done with that i had him take a look at the one on my thigh . 
 i was good at some things , but first aid was n't one of them . 
 `` fine , look , '' he said . 
 `` he 's just more than he seems , you know ? '' 
 `` another half-blood ? '' 
 i said . 
 he stopped , then went back to what he was doing . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` oh , do n't give me that argh . '' 
 raine pulled the bandage tight around the gouge . 
 i rubbed at it a moment and then said , `` do n't give me that shit . 
 i can tell gunner 's not totally human just looking at him . 
 i figure part troll . 
 birgitte ... i do n't know what she is . 
 is she another one ? '' 
 he put his kit away and looked at me . 
 even on his knees , he was the same height as me . 
 `` you got a problem with that , ward ? 
 way out here in the middle of fucking nowhere , you , you are going to start some shit about someone 's bloodline ? 
 half-dwarf ? '' 
 i was surprised to hear the venom in that last word . 
 `` no , i 'm not gon na start anything . 
 i wanted to know who 's on my side , that 's all . 
 might come in handy . '' 
 `` it 's not your concern , man . 
 just know that he does n't have any problem breathing fire . 
 and remember that he just saved all our asses . '' 
 he got to his feet and resumed his station . 
 i squinted up at him . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 `` three out of five breakers are half-blooded and you are n't ? 
 what 're the odds , right ? '' 
 he looked at me , and the force of his stare set me back half a step . 
 it reminded me of the way that ethan had looked at lynette and virgil when we 'd first met them : empty of all human feeling . 
 it was the stare of someone who would kill without considering it , because he did n't think that he was looking at another living being . 
 `` ward , '' he said quietly . 
 `` fucking drop it . 
 stick with the mission and you 'll be fine . 
 promise . '' 
 i went back to my station and stood staring into the darkness . 
 i thought about waking up birgitte or gunner to take over , since it was time , but i did n't want to approach either of them right now . 
 i stood there and waited for the shaking to die down . 
 eventually gunner and birgitte took over , neither of them saying a word to me . 
 i was okay with that . 
 i went to sleep watching baran and wondering what raine 's secrets were . 
 for that matter , i wondered about ethan 's . 
 the next morning we pushed past the piles of frozen nagas . 
 they were wound together too tightly to pull them apart now that they were frozen , and it would have been too dangerous anyway thanks to the way the pile bristled with spears , fangs , and knives . 
 we left it to their relatives and moved on toward the stronghold . 
 the day was cold but clear , and we made good time . 
 now that we were closer to the stronghold , lynette gradually abandoned the back-paths and winding roads until we were walking almost a straight route . 
 we had to pick our way around collapsed buildings from time to time but those were the only detours . 
 we saw the stronghold well before we got to it . 
 originally a whole block of offices , the buildings had been connected and walled up until there was only one obvious entrance . 
 girders of steel and wood stuck out of the walls , sharp and intimidating . 
 a small accretion of makeshift buildings huddled around the bottoms of the walls . 
 the gates were at least a story high , stretching much higher in spots . 
 sally ports were visible in the bottom of the main gates , though everything was closed . 
 the whole place looked still and silent , which is what we expected : one of the best ways for a stronghold to remain unmolested by the surrounding creatures was to attract as little attention as possible . 
 i suspected that it showed a little more animation at night , if only to remind predators that it was a concentration of humanity and a tough nut to crack . 
 for all that it appeared halfway deserted , when we got within a block of the stronghold the main doors opened and a group of a dozen guards came out . 
 they were on foot except for one barely-armored man on a motorcycle . 
 i assumed he was a messenger . 
 they double-timed to us , their footsteps in synch . 
 they were armed with a variety of weapons and everything gleamed in the sunlight . 
 we could probably take them , particularly since we had armor and what they had seemed makeshift , but i did n't think that it would be an easy job . 
 we stood and waited , ethan and gunner standing together in front . 
 gunner was slightly in front of ethan , ready to become a wall if the situation called for it . 
 when the soldiers arrived they stopped about twenty feet away . 
 the man with the most trim on his uniform stepped forward and raised one hand . 
 he had eyes that looked as though they 'd been stolen from an eagle , and his neck was a mass of scar tissue on one side . 
 i suspected a vampire attack . 
 that he 'd survived could still walk in the sunlight was testament to his toughness . 
 `` captain linneman of stronghold aegis , '' he said . 
 his voice was rough , as if whatever had hurt him had gotten a fang into his vocal cords . 
 `` state your business . '' 
 ethan introduced himself and the breakers in his typical mild tone . 
 `` we seek shelter in the stronghold , captain . 
 we 've been hired to deal with the warlord and the dark cloud spreading from the needle . 
 we seek shelter and as much information as possible . '' 
 something glinted in the captain 's eyes at ethan 's words . 
 `` really ? 
 you mean to go after him ? '' 
 ethan nodded . 
 `` we do . 
 we 're well outfitted and trained . 
 any information that your people could give us would be incredibly useful . '' 
 the captain nodded . 
 `` very well . 
 but we do n't need half-breeds inside the walls . 
 you can just leave that and that outside in the shanties . '' 
 he pointed at virgil and then me . 
 i was surprised ; people usually were n't sure that i was half-human upon first glance . 
 i concentrated on the surprise rather than the surge of anger . 
 it would n't do to lose myself in the rage now . 
 ethan looked at me and virgil , his face unreadable . 
 finally he turned back to the captain and said , `` they 're part of our party , captain . 
 will they be safe in the shanties ? '' 
 linneman shrugged . 
 `` safe as it gets outside the walls , i suppose . '' 
 it was n't a ringing endorsement of the shanty way of life but it appeared to be the best that we were going to get . 
 ethan held up a finger and walked to me , pulling me further from the group to talk privately . 
 `` can you protect the boy ? '' 
 he said , his voice still quiet . 
 i swallowed my anger and gave him a curt nod . 
 i said , `` yes . 
 lynette will probably want to stay with him as well . 
 i can protect them both . '' 
 `` good . 
 you 're the only one they 've got tonight . 
 we 're going to try to get as much intel out of these peasants as we can . 
 be careful . '' 
 he turned and went back to the captain , me trailing behind . 
 some of the soldiers gave me looks of open hostility , and i just grinned at them . 
 ethan held his hand out to linneman . 
 `` we accept your offer , captain . '' 
 linneman turned and gestured toward the stronghold . 
 `` then welcome to aegis . '' 
 the soldiers led our crew to the gates , where i took my leave of the breakers . 
 virgil stayed with me , clinging to my leg , and lynette looked torn . 
 finally she turned to me and said , `` i 'll go in , find food for us tonight . 
 will you watch him ? 
 i 'll find you when i get back . '' 
 i nodded and she turned to follow the rest of the breakers into aegis . 
 i looked down at virgil , who looked at me with a resigned expression . 
 `` time to find a place to bed down for the night , kiddo . '' 
 the shanty town was probably the size of aegis itself but it was more spread out . 
 it hugged the walls , spilling into the streets around aegis . 
 i was surprised that the townsfolk would let such a growth persist , especially when it grew to block possible access points and lines of sight , but then i saw evidence of massive fires that had swept through the town in the past . 
 i suspected that they were n't all of natural origins . 
 the shanty town bustled and stank , people going about their business as quickly as possible so as not to attract predators . 
 most of them seemed to be at least partially human , but it was often difficult to tell thanks to the layers everyone wore to ward off the chill . 
 they lived in anything that would shelter them . 
 i saw shacks built out of plastic bags , broken boards , and cracked asphalt torn from the streets . 
 one home that appeared to house six was held together with bent and shaped street signs . 
 everywhere , i saw dull eyes and hostility . 
 i deflected the hostility with my own empty gaze and made sure that the predators saw my weapons . 
 i could be overwhelmed but there were easier pickings . 
 i did n't know where i was going until i saw a larger building and headed for it . 
 a sign had been made from old street signs , the building labeled stop zone in . 
 like the sign , the entire place had an air of good enough about it . 
 judging from the sounds and smells drifting from the open door , it was some kind of tavern . 
 i looked down at virgil and said , `` stick with me . 
 watch my back . '' 
 he nodded and squared his slender shoulders , and we went into the strange building . 
 i felt vaguely ridiculous taking a scrawny kid in with me but i had n't had the chance to pick my own backup . 
 the main room was dark and low-ceilinged , just my kind of place . 
 smoke from dozens of guttering candles and one large cook fire at the end drifted against the ceiling . 
 a bar staggered along one wall , the top of it never the same level for more than a few inches . 
 a dirty collection of tables and chairs was scattered around the room , many of them occupied . 
 everyone turned to see who had come through the door . 
 a few stared , most of them with expressions that said that they could n't care less about us or the world around them . 
 one or two had anger or predatory interest scrawled across their faces . 
 the bartender had his hands below the bar ; if i knew anything about places like this , he had them on a weapon of some kind . 
 no one was fully human . 
 the bartender himself had the look of a naga about him but he did n't have the snake 's lower body . 
 i lifted my chin and stumped into the main room , glad for once that i was n't taller ; i would have had to duck and twist to keep from braining myself on the uneven roof if i 'd had another six inches . 
 virgil followed along , clutching at my belt . 
 interest waned and most of the patrons turned back to what they 'd been doing before we entered . 
 a few kept watching us , trying to be subtle about it and failing miserably . 
 i decided not to take issue . 
 `` beer , '' i said to the bartender . 
 he sneered at me . 
 `` money first . 
 bullshit walks . '' 
 i put a dollar bill on the bar and he turned his sneer to it . 
 he worked his mouth and spat on it , the liquid burning a hole through the middle of the dollar and then eating into the bar . 
 `` something valuable , not that shit . '' 
 it had been worth a try . 
 i considered what would work , and then i pulled my shotgun around into the ready position . 
 the entire bar went silent . 
 staring into the bartender 's eyes , i racked the gun . 
 a single shell popped out of the side and tumbled toward him . 
 he reached out and snagged it from the air before it landed . 
 he looked at it , saw that it was unfired , and reluctantly nodded . 
 `` good enough . '' 
 he filled a dirty mug and set it on the bar in front of me while i re-slung the shotgun . 
 i reached out and grabbed his wrist . 
 `` good enough for a beer ... and a little info . '' 
 he glowered but did n't make an issue of it . 
 i said , `` where can i find lodging for myself and one more tonight ? '' 
 he shifted his glower to take in virgil , who was attached to my leg and staring around the room with those wide eyes . 
 `` swing that way , do ye , '' said the bartender , his tone saying that he was n't surprised . 
 `` none of your damn business , '' i growled back . 
 to my surprise , he nodded . 
 apparently he was aware that it really was n't any of his business . 
 he got to polishing a mug with a filthy piece of cloth , pushing the dirt around a bit so that it could see new parts of the world . 
 i sipped at my beer and was pleasantly surprised again . 
 the alcohol content was high enough that my taste buds simply crisped and died , expiring before they could send messages of bleak horror to my brain . 
 the bartender said , `` might be a room or two here , in fact . 
 ten more of those shells should reserve it . '' 
 i almost spewed out my latest mouthful . 
 `` not unless it 's got hot and cold running gold , bucko . 
 three . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` sure , it 's not the prettiest , but it 's clean and safe enough for someone like you . 
 eight . '' 
 `` for eight i 'd want the prettiest of everything . 
 still , here 's something to be said for clean . 
 five . '' 
 `` aye , and what 's to be said is that it 's worth more ’n that . 
 seven . '' 
 `` six . '' 
 `` done . '' 
 bargain struck , we both relaxed a bit . 
 virgil carried on staring at everything around him . 
 without a word , the bartender took my mostly-empty mug and refilled it . 
 i nodded , satisfied that i 'd the best deal i was going to get in that shithole . 
 i thought about spending another round to get us some food but i had my supplies and i trusted them a lot more than i did the grill in this place . 
 the grill , actually a car door laid flat and pounded into a semblance of a grill , was caked with burned grease and the remnants of poorly-cooked meat . 
 i did n't want to know what they ate here . 
 `` ah , new travelers ! '' 
 said a voice behind me . 
 i turned my head to look at who was speaking . 
 then i turned the rest of the way , intrigued by the speaker 's appearance . 
 he was only slightly taller than me , and i was short compared to the average human . 
 where i was broad and stout , he was slim enough to be called slender or even fragile . 
 i would have been shocked to learn that he weighed much more than ninety pounds . 
 he wore the brightest clothing that i 'd seen since entering the city limits of seattle : his shirt was a tie-dye color wheel of primary and secondary colors , and it was in a raging war for visual dominance against his plaid flannel pants . 
 neither of them looked as though they 'd ever seen dirt . 
 his hair was long and the color was hard to tell in the gloom , but it was dark . 
 he wore sandals made of wood and rope . 
 on his belt he wore a large black plastic box . 
 above his head , a crystal sphere the size of an orange floated serenely . 
 he held his fingers up as if forming a frame around my face and said , `` new travelers , a half-human and a half-human child , enter the shittiest bar in shantytown , oh do relax , otto , this is n't going into the documentary . '' 
 this last was directed at the bartender , who growled something and moved away from us . 
 `` what are they here for ? 
 why did the half-human try the shittiest beer in shantytown , and what will be the outcome of same ? 
 what 's with the armor and the scowling and above all , the child ? '' 
 `` are you trying to get killed ? '' 
 i asked , finally working past the shock of the newcomer 's appearance . 
 virgil just stared , his eyes and mouth wide open . 
 `` not this time . 
 hi there ! 
 fraser blodwyn . '' 
 he held out his hand until he could see that i was n't going to shake . 
 `` i 'm doing a documentary of the shantytown way of life . 
 well , i am now . 
 i started out trying to do one of the cyclops way of life , but it turns out that they like trying to kill and eat documentarians . 
 safer here . '' 
 i looked around the dark room at the forms huddled around the tables . 
 none of them were staring directly at us but they did n't radiate an abundance of good will . 
 `` marginally . '' 
 fraser grinned . 
 `` well done . 
 so what 's your name ? 
 how about you , you little button ? '' 
 he stooped down slightly to put himself on eye level with virgil . 
 virgil took a half-step to hide behind me , peeking out at the brightly-colored small man with apprehensive eyes . 
 `` i 'm ward . 
 he 's none of your business , '' i said . 
 most humans puff up to be intimidating , trying to overbear the other person by sheer volume . 
 i do n't have that option , so i 've practiced a glare that i feel makes it very clear that i know how to use the axe on my back and have a tentative grasp on my self-control . 
 generally it works . 
 fraser did n't seem to notice . 
 `` fair enough ! 
 ward ! 
 tell me absolutely all about yourself and i promise to buy you as much beer as you can drink . 
 alternately , if you 've already tried the beer , i promise to refrain from buying any for you . 
 whichever is more attractive to you . '' 
 he had a point about the beer but i was n't about to let him know that . 
 `` fuck off , fraser . '' 
 he did n't move , just kept that manic grin on his face . 
 `` it would be a true shame for the local gangs to hear about how much wealth you carry on your person , friend ward . 
 say if my documentary fell into the wrong hands . '' 
 he patted the box at his belt . 
 `` it 's been known to happen . '' 
 i stared at him a moment longer , hoping that the glare would work , but it continued to make no impression on him . 
 finally i sighed and turned back to the bar . 
 he took the sigh as a sign that i was going to talk , and he hopped onto the stool next to me . 
 i signaled for another beer . 
 `` i 'm here with breakers incorporated , '' i said . 
 i figured it did n't hurt to tell part of the truth . 
 `` the fine , fine humans of aegis wo n't let me or the boy into the walls of the city , so we 're out here trying to find a room for the night . 
 then this crazy whatever you are came up to extort information . '' 
 in truth , i was n't sure of fraser 's ancestry . 
 he looked fully human , but his eyes were a little large and from time to time he seemed to move with a jointless precision that reminded me of birgitte . 
 fraser nodded , his head and shoulders joining in on the movement . 
 `` fascinating , fascinating ! 
 so how are you finding this fair city of ours ? '' 
 despite myself , i found myself wanting to talk . 
 it had been a while since i 'd seen a friendly face outside of raine 's . 
 i told the story of being captured by the hags and then an altered version of our fight with the naga . 
 i did n't mention baran 's unexpected fire-breathing skill ; instead , i spun a story about how we 'd set the nagas ablaze with brands from the bonfires . 
 `` and now here you are ! '' 
 said fraser , delighted with the information . 
 `` and here you 'll die , '' a whispery voice said from the gloom nearby . 
 i had drawn an audience during the telling of the story so it was hard to see who had spoken , but i was n't looking to make friends . 
 i jumped sideways , pushing the stool over behind me as i went . 
 something big slammed into my shoulder and bounced off of the armor plate there to hit the bar with stunning force . 
 virgil squeaked and ran to hide behind fraser , who looked more confused than anything . 
 my audience scattered . 
 i thought they ran kind of quickly for the tough guys who were supposed to frequent a place like this . 
 when i was finally able to focus i saw that i had been attacked by a naga . 
 this one had different colors than the others , with brilliant red and yellow stripes framed by black . 
 i immediately understood why the others around us had drawn away . 
 all nagas were either venomous or constrictors , and it had become a matter of routine survival to be able to identify them after cern . 
 the naga that was hissing to itself and trying to shake the cobwebs out of its skull after the collision with the bar was descended from a coral snake , one of the deadliest snakes in north america . 
 i had run into two of them during my time in arkansas , and while the snakes themselves were shy the same did n't seem to apply to this specimen . 
 what it was doing in seattle was anyone 's guess but i did n't have time to think about it . 
 i pulled my axe out as the circle around us widened . 
 i realized my mistake when the naga stood up and struck at me ; the thing was just as fast as the others that we 'd fought the night before , faster than i was . 
 i blocked its first strike and felt its fangs skitter off the gauntlets that protected my fingers . 
 i did n't know how much longer i could count on luck to keep it from finding a gap in the plates ; i would only last a few seconds after an accurate bite pumped me full of its venom . 
 the naga reared back for another strike and paused , a strange expression crossing its face . 
 it half-turned and took a swipe at something behind it with one hand , and then it collapsed to the ground and started to writhe . 
 it kept thrashing for a few second before shuddering and falling still . 
 a small hole leaked blood from the middle of the back of its neck . 
 fraser stood there , looking surprised and innocent at the same time . 
 i trusted neither expression , but when he spread his hands and shrugged i could see that he was n't carrying anything that might have put the hole in the naga . 
 he said , `` so ! 
 you were saying ? '' 
 he pulled a handkerchief out of his pocket and wiped at something on his hand ; i thought that i saw a spot of blood but he moved too quickly for me to be sure . 
 the crowd resumed its original state of surly indifference as i slowly put my axe away . 
 virgil stared at me from behind the downed stools . 
 i said , `` i think we 're going to take a walk before bed . '' 
 fraser shrugged again . 
 `` i 'll come with ! 
 remember to stay in the lit areas . 
 makes it easier to strip you of your possessions once they 're done killing you . '' 
 `` great . 
 thanks . 
 i just need to see if there 's news about the breakers , if you do n't mind . '' 
 `` sounds perfect ! 
 i 'll be right along . '' 
 he set the stools back up , gave them a light polish with his handkerchief , and then led virgil over to me . 
 i was n't sure that i wanted fraser along but i had to admit that whatever he 'd done to the naga had been effective . 
 i preferred to have him on my side than otherwise . 
 i resolved to keep him where i could see him . 
 the tavern was n't far from the main gates . 
 the streets were largely deserted but for those who did n't have anywhere else to go . 
 i got hostile stares from behind fires burning in garbage cans and circles of rubble . 
 i did n't envy them the cold and exposure to the creatures that came out when the sun went down . 
 fraser kept up a whispered commentary as we walked . 
 `` no less than six ogre-kin huddle around the makeshift campsite in the middle of shanty town . 
 are they here for food , for work ? 
 will they come to a violent end , or are they among the few who eke out a life here in savage seattle ? 
 and there we see a young minor wendigo , separated from its tribe and no doubt trying to figure out how to make more of itself out of the creatures around it . 
 oh , someone figured out what it is and now he 's in real trouble from the ogre-kin ! 
 life is cheap here in shanty town , even if it 's unlife . '' 
 finally i said , `` who the hell are you talking to ? '' 
 he pointed upward and it took me a moment to realize that he was indicating the sphere floating above his head . 
 `` my camera . 
 i call her millicent . '' 
 `` millicent ? 
 why ? '' 
 said virgil , his first spoken words since we 'd entered the tavern . 
 `` an excellent question ! 
 she just looks like a millicent , does n't she ? 
 totally indestructible . 
 i 'm told that one of them was caught in that nuclear exchange three years ago , did n't get a scratch on her . 
 her operator was a blackened skeleton by that time , of course , but she was unharmed . 
 inspiring . '' 
 neither virgil nor i knew how to respond to that one . 
 i just let it go . 
 when we got to the gate i had fraser and virgil stand back while i went to talk to the guards . 
 no one was going in or out as far as i could see , and the guard tower was warded with magic inscriptions in salt , chalk , iron , and silver . 
 none of it did anything to me , of course , but i kept a respectful distance anyway . 
 never knew when a well-made inscription might be set to launch lightning at an intruder . 
 `` hello the tower ! '' 
 i called . 
 i was sure that the guards were already watching me , but i figured that it would n't do to let them know that i knew . 
 they probably knew already anyway . 
 a door opened in the side of the tower , a shuttered nook no larger than a man 's hand . 
 `` what do you want , half-breed ? '' 
 i did n't recognize the voice . 
 `` i 'm trying to find out if the breakers are doing well in there . '' 
 `` breakers ? 
 what 're breakers ? '' 
 `` the six who went in there earlier with captain linneman . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 the voice suddenly got more enthusiastic . 
 `` you mean the warriors and their guide ? '' 
 `` that 's them . 
 are they doing well ? '' 
 `` they 're doing great . 
 in fact , there 's a feast going on right now . '' 
 `` is there . '' 
 i tried to keep my enthusiasm up but i was n't fooling anyone . 
 `` yep ! 
 just about to finish my shift and head over there . 
 i heard they roasted a dozen boars and deer , and there 's mead . '' 
 `` that ... that sounds great . '' 
 `` yep . 
 good luck out there . 
 stay away from the gates and the tower unless you want to get riddled with arrows . 
 cheers ! '' 
 the small shuttered door closed and left me alone with my thoughts . 
 most of them involved creative uses of fire . 
 `` ah , '' said fraser , giving me a sympathetic look when i reported back to him and virgil . 
 `` well , that 's sort of a kick in the teeth . 
 still , it could be worse ! 
 there could be wasps . '' 
 his efforts to cheer me up did not succeed . 
 he noticed this and prattled on as we turned back to head for the tavern . 
 `` there 's a species of wasp that 's so dangerous that they 're one of those kill-on-sight species . 
 you know how some bees have a barb on their stinger and it rips their guts out when they sting ? 
 same with these wasps , but they heal so quickly that they just regrow the stinger and sting you again , and leave that one you , and so on . 
 terrible . 
 the corpses look most unhappy . '' 
 my thoughts of fire grew and deepened to encompass fraser . 
 i was just imagining him running around in a circle with his ridiculous shirt engulfed in flames when virgil said , `` what 's that ? '' 
 he pointed back toward the wall . 
 i turned to look , and then i squinted to see . 
 something was climbing down the wall , heading for the ground from a high window . 
 `` beats the shit out of me ... let 's go check it out , '' i said . 
 i relished the opportunity to do something . 
 we moved closer , staying out of the firelight as best we could . 
 i frowned when we got closer ; the figure was jumping from handhold to handhold as it scaled the wall in reverse , moving much faster than a regular human . 
 we stopped in a pool of darkness and watched as it came closer . 
 `` the mean woman , '' virgil breathed , and i felt a thrill of surprise when i realized that he was right . 
 it was birgitte . 
 i 'd recognize that ass anywhere . 
 her face was covered , but other than that she wore her usual light armor . 
 `` what 's she doing ? 
 who 's the mean woman ? '' 
 said fraser . 
 i jumped ; i had forgotten that he 'd followed us into the shadows . 
 `` shut up , '' i snapped , glaring at him and then back at birgitte . 
 she did n't appear to have heard ; she was embroiled in her own affairs . 
 `` she 's wearing the same sort of armor as you , though she wears it much better . 
 is she one of your breaker people ? '' 
 he said , his voice so quiet that i could barely hear it . 
 i nodded , not trusting myself to the same level of stealth . 
 birgitte was perhaps twenty feet above us and twenty feet closer to the gates , and i did n't want her to spot us . 
 it crossed my mind that she was here to consult with me but i quickly dismissed it ; there was nothing that the breakers needed from me outside of being able to hurt things with a pointy stick . 
 if things were going as well inside the walls as the guard had said then there would be no need to sneak out the way she was doing . 
 she was doing something secret and i wanted to know what . 
 `` i 'll send millicent to follow her , '' said fraser . 
 before i could protest , he spoke a few words to the sphere above his head and it zoomed soundlessly into the darkness . 
 `` what if she sees it ? '' 
 i said , risking discovery . 
 he shook his head , his grin still in evidence . 
 `` she wo n't . 
 millicent will stay far away enough to be safe . 
 and even if she does see her , she wo n't know what millicent is . 
 she ca n't hurt millicent , so who cares ? '' 
 i could n't think of a good response so i just turned back to watch the wall . 
 i managed to turn in time to see her drop the last fifteen feet and land on the balls of her feet with no more noise than a gnat fart . 
 i was starting to face the fact that ethan 's breakers had me seriously outclassed . 
 fortunately , birgitte moved away from us . 
 i thought about following her but i knew that there was no way that i would be quiet enough to avoid detection . 
 if fraser 's camera thing was good enough to follow her , i would just have to trust him and keep him nearby until i could find out what was going on . 
 i ground my teeth but held my peace . 
 he had n't done anything to make me think that he was in it for anything outside of curiosity . 
 `` how long is it going to take ? '' 
 i said . 
 fraser shrugged again , that shrug that i was getting tired of already . 
 `` millicent has enough memory for about twenty minutes of taping before she has to download it into the storage unit . 
 so she 'll come back to me then , and we can see what she saw . 
 until then , how about another beer , buddy ? '' 
 he slapped me on the back and led the way back to the tavern . 
 virgil followed him like a besotted puppy , obviously glad to have made a new best friend . 
 i followed along , torn between needing a beer and wanting to keep my head clear . 
 once we returned to the tavern i could tell that virgil was feeling the hour ; his head drooped and he was n't focusing on much beyond staying upright . 
 i went to the bartender and got the key to my room , and then i took virgil to it . 
 fraser followed along , apparently just as happy to be there as anywhere . 
 the room was small , almost cramped , even for someone my size . 
 there was only the one bed , so i tucked virgil against the wall and sat down on the edge of it to wait with fraser for his sphere to return . 
 fraser was not content to wait in silence . 
 he went back out into the tavern and returned with a pair of bottles that proved to be drastically better beer than what was on tap . 
 when he settled in the room 's only chair i headed off his questions by saying , `` what did you do to the naga , anyway ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 hardly anything , really . 
 i mean , the silly thing was threatening an exclusive with one of the most interesting stories to come through shantytown in months , so i had to do something . '' 
 `` yeah , but what did you actually do ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 hardly anything . 
 now tell me about yourself ! 
 leave nothing out , because i 'm bored . 
 oh , all right , um ... tell me how you met this little creature , '' he said , nodding toward virgil . 
 i did so , starting with seeing the hag 's eye in the sky and ending with meeting lynette and virgil next to the cyclopes lair . 
 fraser was rapt . 
 when i finished , he said , `` holy crapi wish i 'd recorded more than like the last five minutes of that . 
 what a good story ! '' 
 i blinked and checked the time readout on my gauntlet . 
 `` your camera 's back ? '' 
 i saw that it was so : the sphere was floating above his head again . 
 i 'd been so caught up in talking and beer that i had n't noticed . 
 he nodded . 
 `` millicent came back a few minutes ago and caught the tail end . 
 i 'll have to ply you with beer and my own unthinkable charm to get the story again sometime so she can hear it all . 
 but ! 
 until then we have a clandestine meeting to watch , right ? 
 right ! '' 
 without waiting for an answer he pulled the box off his belt and hit a catch on the side . 
 the box unfolded , revealing a screen and a small keyboard , and he started tapping away . 
 in response to his commands , bright images flitted across the screen until he touched one . 
 it expanded to fill the screen , an image of someone in the dark . 
 `` ah , hang on a moment , just have to throw the right filters on there and hah yes . '' 
 the image became lighter , until it was like the scene was taking place under a full moon . 
 i clearly recognized birgitte walking away from the camera . 
 the view shifted and flew along with her , remaining about fifteen feet away as she went . 
 fraser made a low whistle . 
 `` i wonder if she does modeling shoots . 
 probably not . 
 probably get a fist in the snoot for asking . '' 
 `` at best , man , '' i said . 
 he sighed and we watched . 
 it was n't until she was stopped by a shout that i realized that there was sound as well as audio . 
 i did n't recognize the language . 
 neither did fraser . 
 `` sounds awful , though , like someone trying to crap out a fistful of nails . '' 
 i was about to laugh at the terrible image when virgil said , `` goblins . '' 
 fraser paused the video and we turned to look at the boy , not having realized that he was awake before now . 
 virgil nodded , his eyes big and serious . 
 `` that 's goblin talk . '' 
 `` can you speak goblin speech , little fish ? '' 
 said fraser . 
 virgil shook his head , going back to being silent . 
 fraser shrugged philosophically . 
 `` well , it was worth a shot . 
 we 'll have to find someone who can speak it , i suppose . '' 
 we settled back into watching the video . 
 birgitte stood her ground as a small group of goblins approached her . 
 she did n't seem afraid ; birgitte had n't looked anything but pissed the entire time that i 'd known her . 
 when the goblins got within about five feet , they stopped . 
 neither side drew weapons . 
 the goblin at the front of the group bowed slightly and said something in a meek voice . 
 he and birgitte started talking ; she spoke the goblin language as if born to it , sounding like someone with a serious throat infection . 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 i muttered as they went on . 
 they spoke for perhaps five minutes . 
 during that time , birgitte never changed her defiant stance or looked even slightly uncomfortable . 
 the goblin leader did both , waving his arms and jumping up and down at one point until she cut through his histrionics with a single spoken command . 
 finally the goblins backed away , bowing and scraping as they left her presence . 
 she watched them go until they were gone , and then she spoke another word of sharp command . 
 other shadows vanished from the area , more goblins running to follow the retreating group . 
 the angle of view changed as birgitte turned and walked back the way she 'd come . 
 she looked just as good from the front as she did from behind , outside of her ever-present scowl . 
 millicent followed her carefully , the video shutting off just as birgitte started climbing the high walls that would take her back to aegis . 
 we were silent for a moment as we stared at the screen . 
 `` what do you suppose all that was about ? '' 
 said fraser . 
 `` because , got ta say , that was n't an encouraging video , known language or not . '' 
 i looked at virgil . 
 `` are there any goblin tribes around here that are allied with any humans ? '' 
 he shook his head , his eyes wide . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 they try and eat us when they can . '' 
 i nodded thoughtfully . 
 `` okay . 
 we ca n't get in there tonight unless one of you can climb like she can . 
 looks like the best thing to do is have some dinner and get some sleep . '' 
 i wanted to get rid of fraser but i could n't figure out how to say it . 
 after all , he 'd been extremely helpful with his camera and information . 
 finally i said , `` you 're welcome to stay the night with us if you do n't mind sleeping in a chair or something . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` floor 's fine ! 
 i grew up sleeping on the floor , totally used to it , never even use a mattress if i have one . 
 i lost a vicious battle with two mattresses once , got ptsd , does n't work . 
 very sad . '' 
 unlike virgil , i had a hard time getting to sleep . 
 my main problem was fraser : i did n't know anything about the man . 
 i could n't quite banish the image of the naga falling dead before me , followed by fraser 's innocent smile and shrug . 
 he 'd done something to it , something fast and silent , and i was n't sure if i could trust him . 
 eventually i slid into slumber , though . 
 try as i might i could n't think of a reason for him to kill me . 
 i had no doubt that there were many in the shantytown that would have killed me for my clothes and supplies , but i did n't think fraser was one of those . 
 i kept dreaming of birgitte slashing at me with her slim blade ; each time , i 'd start and find myself staring at the ceiling . 
 the end of the long night came with someone pounding at the door like they had a personal grudge against it . 
 i got up and went to it , unslinging my shotgun before i opened it a crack . 
 raine stood there grinning at me , and i put the gun away to open the door . 
 `` you found yourself quite the shithole , '' he said cheerfully as he entered the room . 
 between the four of us , it was a much smaller room than i 'd thought it was . 
 raine looked at fraser and lifted an eyebrow before he looked back at me . 
 `` did n't know you swung that way , newbie . 
 where 'd you find a male prostitute in this place ? '' 
 `` documentarian , i think you 'll find ! '' 
 said fraser , apparently taking no offense . 
 he held a hand out to raine . 
 `` fraser blodwyn . 
 i 'm guessing by the armor that you 're part of good master ward 's breakers , right ? 
 charmed . 
 this is millicent . '' 
 raine gaped at fraser and the sphere , and then he guffawed . 
 `` millicent?documentary ? 
 good lord , newbie , what did you do ? '' 
 i spread my hands . 
 `` life happens , man , that 's all . '' 
 raine nodded . 
 `` came out to see if you guys were okay so far . 
 the others are recovering from the party last night . '' 
 i tried not to sound bitter . 
 `` yeah , heard about that . 
 listen , i was wondering about something that we saw happening last night , thought maybe you could shed some light ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i could try , i guess . '' 
 we did a little bit of maneuvering and closed the door behind him , putting the four of us in the small room . 
 fraser sat on the chair , cheerful as usual . 
 i sat on the edge of the bed where virgil still slept . 
 raine was content to stand . 
 i said , `` we , ah , we saw something last night while we were out here , and i thought you would want to know , maybe pass it on to ethan . '' 
 raine nodded and made a get-on-with-in gesture . 
 i said , `` okay , last night we saw birgitte climb down the outside of the wall . 
 she went out to a dark corner of the shantytown and met with a group of a half-dozen goblins . 
 i 'm not sure what she said , but they were definitely meeting and taking orders from her . 
 and then after they talked for a little while she just climbed back up the wall . 
 i figure she 's trying to create an alliance with the gobs , maybe screw us all over . '' 
 raine looked grave for a moment , and then gave me his big , open smile . 
 `` got ta be a mistake , man . 
 you must have seen someone else . 
 not even ` gitte can scale that wall . '' 
 `` we have it on tape , actually ! '' 
 said fraser , sounding delighted with himself . 
 he fumbled with the box on his belt and then turned it around to show the video . 
 raine watched for a while until he saw her meeting with the goblins . 
 he frowned . 
 `` okay , i got ta admit , not quite what i was expecting out of her . 
 okay , newbie , you 've got a point here . 
 ethan needs to know about this . '' 
 i nodded , relieved that he believed me . 
 i felt a sudden grand affection toward fraser and millicent . 
 raine went on . 
 `` i 'll give him a call , you guys wait here . '' 
 he was already pulling the little radio out of his pocket as he left . 
 i was nervous , sure , but it felt good to be believed . 
 i said , `` fraser , is there any place around here to get a decent breakfast ? '' 
 `` nope ! 
 but i know a few places that can fake it . '' 
 he had already put his screen back into its box . 
 i wondered what else was in there . 
 outside of the camera and its box he did n't seem to have any supplies on him . 
 not my problem . 
 `` breakfast is on me , then , '' i said . 
 `` smashing ! 
 let 's wake up the kiddo and we 'll go have some rat gumbo . '' 
 he seemed perfectly serious , and i just shrugged . 
 i 'd eaten worse things than rats . 
 virgil did n't want to wake up but once he was awake he did n't seem to be inclined to fall back to sleep . 
 the idea of breakfast caught his attention in a big way and soon he was standing at the door waiting for me to get through my morning equipment check . 
 everything was in order , so i opened the door just in time to keep it from being destroyed by one of raine 's hammers . 
 the hammer clipped my shoulder , sending me staggering back into the closet-sized room . 
 the stagger was a good thing , causing me to stumble out of raine 's line of fire . 
 he followed the hammer blow with a couple of shots from his pistol , one of which struck me in the same shoulder and knocked me down . 
 the shot pinged off of my shoulder armor but there was a hell of a lot of force behind the bullet . 
 i lay there wondering what had happened while virgil screamed somewhere nearby . 
 i did n't have time to wonder for long ; my field of vision was suddenly full of raine . 
 he aimed the pistol at my face and i kicked out with both feet . 
 i hit his knee and there was a crunching noise . 
 raine screamed and fired but by that time he was falling . 
 he stitched a line of holes in the wall and ceiling before he hit the ground with a thud that shook the badly-constructed building . 
 out of the corner of my eye i saw that virgil had ducked under the bed and was huddled up in the farthest corner . 
 he had crunched himself down into a space about the size of a basketball and he stared at me with terrified eyes . 
 i did n't know what had happened to set raine off but i was n't going to let him kill virgil . 
 or me . 
 fraser was simply gone . 
 i had n't seen him move , had no idea how he got by raine , but i was glad that i did n't have that little detail to deal with as well . 
 i struggled to my feet . 
 i was dismayed to see raine doing the same ; apparently his armor had absorbed enough of my kick that i had n't broken his knee . 
 he was limping and looked pissed , but that was about it . 
 i had time to notice that he had three more bleeding cuts in his left arm . 
 it looked like he 'd jumped the gun and marked himself for our deaths before getting the job done . 
 the sight of the wounds made my anger surge , and i charged . 
 i rushed him as he pulled out his other hammer , simply plowing into his midsection like an angry wrecking ball . 
 i caught him just right and blew him back out the door . 
 i carried him across the common room , slamming him into the low bar on the other side . 
 there were n't many patrons there this early in the morning , and otto wisely just sank down behind the bar . 
 i took a swipe at raine with my axe but he turned so that the armor on this upper arm deflected it . 
 then we were facing each other , panting , and i knew i was in an amazing amount of trouble . 
 raine was at least two feet taller than me , with a proportional reach advantage . 
 my axe was longer than his hammers , but he had two of them . 
 `` raine ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
 snap out of it ! '' 
 he took a couple of swipes at me with his hammers and then grinned . 
 `` sorry , man . 
 i promise that if you just put the axe down i 'll make it quick . 
 for all three of you . '' 
 i opened my mouth to say something else , i had no idea what , and he swung again . 
 he beat down my defense with one hammer and landed a blow on my left arm that made it feel numb and distant , as if it belonged to someone else . 
 my axe was a wonderful weapon but it took space to swing and i was too crowded in the cluttered common room to use it effectively . 
 while he got ready for another swing , i dropped the axe and pulled a pair of pointed metal rods from the back of my gauntlets . 
 they were machined from aircraft aluminum and were n't sharp , but the tips were blunted spikes about two inches long . 
 i carried them like small daggers . 
 they let me focus the power in my thick arms down to tiny points , which was n't the best thing in the world for anyone i hit . 
 they were mostly last-resort weapons and i figured that this qualified . 
 in this case , i did n't strike . 
 i caught raine 's left hand with my right , stopping the momentum of the swing , and then when his right hand came in i blocked with the point of the spike facing out of the bottom of my fist . 
 i slammed my hand into his , moving my fist like a hammer , and the point of the spike hit right between his ring and middle fingers . 
 our combined force was concentrated on a spot the size of a bb . 
 thanks to the gauntlet it did n't pierce his skin ; it probably would have been better for him if it had . 
 there was a series of crunching noises and the sound of something tearing , and he dropped his hammer to stare at his ruined hand . 
 the spike slid out as he started to make gulping , urking noises . 
 the hand was wider across the palm now , split in half internally from the knuckles to the wrist . 
 i did n't wait to press my advantage . 
 unfortunately , the pain seemed to have really pissed him off . 
 he roared as i swung at him again , pushing me off of him and backward over a table . 
 chair backs pummeled me as i tumbled , one catching me on the side of the head and dazing me a bit . 
 i fought to get to my feet as he plowed through the debris in my direction . 
 i was sure that his eyes were actually glowing red , all traces of the friend i knew gone . 
 it did n't appear that he was going to listen to reason . 
 he was n't the only one who could get scary . 
 i let the rage in the back of my head out of its cage and i watched the world dissolve . 
 i did n't like the rage but it was there and it was going to be useful in this instance . 
 i had two small weapons to his large one and though i did n't think mine were the killing kind , his ruined hand testified that i could do bad things with them . 
 the room turned into a dark whirl of grunts and screams , mostly mine , as the rage took over and i charged right back at raine . 
 distant from the fury that governed my body , i felt a vague interest as i watched myself take him apart . 
 he managed to land a few good hits , including one that felt like it took off part of my right ear , but there were a lot of chinks in his armor that were perfect for my spikes . 
 armor , by its very nature , is weaker at the joints . 
 it has to allow for range of motion . 
 my spikes were the perfect tools for my rage-fueled muscles to break through the minor protection there . 
 i did so with a fierce joy that felt like nothing else on the face of the earth . 
 sex . 
 love . 
 food . 
 drink . 
 nothing came close to the feeling of letting the rage out so that it could sort out a problem . 
 it bothered me in my sane moments . 
 when i was enraged , berserking , everything was clear and shining and easy . 
 it was like falling asleep and waking up at the same time . 
 i tasted blood when i came back . 
 that was pretty normal ; i had lost count of the times i 'd bitten my tongue during my berserker rages . 
 my spikes were covered with blood and skin and hair , as were my fists all the way up to the elbows . 
 nothing was intact within ten feet of me , including part of the bar . 
 raine certainly was n't . 
 the spikes , not sharpened , were n't designed to kill . 
 they were designed to be force multipliers , to be used on pressure points . 
 i had multiplied the shit out of them , driving them into his joints again and again until he not only could n't stand but also could n't move his arms . 
 he stared at me , his eyes going glassy and then dull as he tried to suck in a breath through a ruined windpipe . 
 i 'd hit him there at least twice , crushing it . 
 i swore , feeling weak and dizzy as i usually did after the rage went back into its den . 
 i felt even worse seeing him there on the floor ; raine had always been the one who had treated me like a person , at least up until the last twenty minutes . 
 i watched him die , unable to help him even if i 'd wanted to as he strangled . 
 it was n't long until i realized that a small crystalline sphere was hanging over my head . 
 i looked around . 
 `` fraser ? '' 
 he peeked the top of his head over the edge of the bar , just enough to see me . 
 `` nope . 
 no one named fraser here . 
 they call me ferdinand . '' 
 `` fraser , it 's safe . 
 he 's dead . '' 
 he did n't move . 
 `` it 's possible , should there even be someone around here named fraser , that he might be nervous about more than just the guy on the floor . 
 like the crazy man with the spikes . 
 possibly . '' 
 `` just get out here . '' 
 fraser reluctantly came around the side of the bar , his eyes wary . 
 i did n't move toward him , just went to get my axe . 
 i found a cloth in my pack and wiped down my spikes , gauntlets , and axe while i let the anger drain out of me . 
 the rage was a useful tool but i regretted that i would n't be able to ask raine what had happened . 
 another , smaller part of me wished that it had n't happened at all , that raine was still standing and laughing . 
 i fought that part down . 
 i tried to focus on what had happened and what was going to happen next , and the conclusions were not my favorite things ever . 
 i slid the spikes back into my gauntlets until they clicked . 
 fraser inspected the corpse . 
 `` wow , '' he said . 
 `` millicent , be sure to get all this . '' 
 `` we do n't have time for that , '' i said . 
 i steeled myself and went to raine 's body , looking for his weapons . 
 there was n't much i could do with the armor but his supplies would be useful . 
 i was n't under any illusions : even though i did n't know why raine had attacked me , it had happened just after he spoke to ethan . 
 for some reason , they wanted me , virgil , and fraser dead . 
 i started to go through raine 's pouches . 
 as i did , i said , `` go get virgil . 
 we have to get out before the others come after us . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why would they come after us ? '' 
 as if on cue , raine 's hand radio squawked . 
 ethan 's voice sounded tinny thanks to my distance from the speaker . 
 `` raine . 
 report . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` that . 
 go get virgil . '' 
 i slid raine 's pistol into my pack , into a previously vacant pouch shaped just for such contents . 
 i picked up the radio and pushed the button on the side . 
 `` raine , '' i said , doing my best to sound like my ex-friend . 
 `` report . '' 
 fuck . 
 i had hoped that ethan would give more information but that was n't what he was calling for . 
 he wanted raine to report , not to have to repeat raine 's assignment . 
 `` we want the boy 's mother . 
 then you wo n't hear from us again , '' i said , my mind whirling . 
 i was n't built for covert operations or information gathering ; i was just a front-line fighter . 
 i just knew that whatever had happened , i would n't be traveling with breakers incorporated anymore . 
 since virgil was with me and one of raine 's apparent targets , i also knew that they would n't want to take care of him . 
 in my mind , that meant that i had to get lynette back . 
 i hoped that would be the end of it . 
 `` ward . 
 report on raine 's condition . '' 
 `` neither of us are a hundred percent , ethan . 
 he came out the worst of it . 
 he wo n't be rejoining you . '' 
 `` understood . '' 
 there was no anger from ethan , no threats or boasts . 
 `` we 'll send the woman out to join you . 
 wait by the gate . '' 
 i looked up at fraser , who was standing there with virgil . 
 i nodded to them and said , `` we 're going to go get your mom now , buddy . '' 
 virgil did n't reply . 
 his eyes were locked on raine , staring at the body of a man that he 'd seen walking around just the day before . 
 it occurred to me that virgil might not have seen a dead body before , and then i realized immediately how silly that idea was ; the boy had grown up on the streets of seattle . 
 he 'd probably seen dozens , sometimes more than one a day . 
 he looked up at me with tired eyes . 
 life was nasty and short in a place like seattle , even in the strongholds . 
 it was worse on the streets . 
 `` let 's go get mom , '' he said . 
 i was n't proud of it , but i was a little relieved . 
 there was no need to be glad that he was tough enough to not react to a dead man . 
 the three of us headed for the gates , fraser unusually quiet . 
 we stopped well back from the open gates , nodding to the guards as we stopped . 
 they did n't nod back . 
 their glares , in fact , were downright unfriendly . 
 i tried not to let it bother me . 
 there was a general unlimbering of weapons and shifting of stances , as if they were expecting an attack . 
 they were n't going to get it from me . 
 the radio hissed some static . 
 `` you there , ward ? '' 
 said ethan , sounding as mild as ever . 
 i lifted it and pushed the button . 
 `` i 'm here . 
 send her out and we 'll go our way . '' 
 `` you got it . '' 
 i was n't sure what the wailing noise was at first . 
 it did n't matter ; it was cut off soon enough . 
 lynette slammed into the pavement perhaps ten feet from where we stood and the crunch of impact was what cut off her scream . 
 she 'd barely had time to begin as she fell from the top of the high wall . 
 i felt as if i 'd been turned to ice . 
 i heard virgil take a whooping breath as if he was going to scream , but nothing came out . 
 i looked up and saw gunner standing on the edge of the wall , dusting his hands off as if he 'd just finished a job well done . 
 he laughed , the noise booming out over the street . 
 fraser took a step toward lynette 's crumpled body and that was when the guards at the gates leveled their guns and began to fire on us . 
 i grabbed virgil and turned , my body moving on instinct . 
 the bullets slammed into my back but the armor held . 
 i forced myself to keep my feet and managed a staggering run as the guards kept firing . 
 it was made harder by virgil 's sudden squirming and shrieking as he tried to get out of my arms to get to his fallen mother . 
 i could n't see fraser but i had other things to deal with at the time . 
 i do n't know how long we ran . 
 by the time we stopped , we could n't see the walls of the stronghold anymore ; they were hidden behind layers of fallen buildings . 
 i could n't have reliably said where aegis was . 
 i stopped in a cave made from broken cinder block and fallen timbers . 
 virgil was still struggling , but shock had set in and he was moving out of habit rather than genuine desire to get away . 
 i held him until he stopped and just settled in to an empty stare . 
 `` poor kid , '' said fraser . 
 i about jumped out of my armor at the sound ; i had n't realized that he 'd followed so closely . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i said . 
 fraser nodded . 
 virgil said , `` i want my mom . '' 
 i looked down at him , and saw that he understood that there would be no more comfort from lynette 's arms , that he was lost in the world without an anchor . 
 like fuck he was . 
 i held him , careful not to let the armor bite into his unprotected skin , and i rocked back and forth until he fell asleep . 
 fraser remained quiet , checking his equipment to give us the semblance of privacy . 
 once virgil was asleep i laid him on a board and covered him with a spare shirt . 
 he curled into a ball and went silent beneath it . 
 i turned to fraser . 
 `` okay , '' i said , `` who do you know who can translate what 's going on in that video ? '' 
 `` um . 
 well , i can probably find someone , but it 's going to be a difficult - `` `` do it . '' 
 i glanced at the tiny ball that virgil made sleeping beneath his meager blanket . 
 `` i want to find out what happened , and then i want to stop it . '' 
