 blank by richard c hale there 's a violence in me . 
 my name is lincoln delabar . 
 i was born without a face . 
 yes , you heard that right . 
 smooth , clear skin from my forehead to my chin . 
 i see the world differently , yet it is still a place that holds wonder . 
 at least most of the time . 
 with my uniqueness comes a burden . 
 my mind is powerful . 
 very powerful . 
 and i have an obligation , a purpose , to see things in my own special way . 
 some of the things i see are frightening . 
 the evil in this world is beyond anyone 's control . 
 or so you might think . 
 there is a violence in me . 
 i 'm not afraid . 
 i can control it . 
 but should i ? 
 published by richard c hale at smashwords copyright © 2014 richard c hale file version 1.2 smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 cover designed by : selfpubbookcovers.com / shardel copyright © richard c. hale 2014 preview of blank : threads copyright 2014 richard c hale please visit the author 's website at : http://www.richardchaleauthor.com or join richard 's email list the heard richard always answers e-mails . 
 drop by the website and say ` hello ! ' 
 or email him here . 
 sign up for the author 's new releases mailing list and get a free copy of the jaxon jennings ' novel , frozen past and a bonus short story , the sandbar . 
 click here to get started and sign up . 
 for amanda episode 1 chapter 1 blank my mother screamed . 
 a horrible noise for any child to hear , but especially scary as the first sound to ever vibrate my eardrums . 
 as i was expelled into this world , brilliant fluorescent lights that i could feel but not see , shining their harsh brightness down on my bare skin , the first thing my newborn eardrums heard was the brittle screeching of my mother as she saw the hideousness of my reflection in the mirror between her legs . 
 a mouthful of words , i know , and as a reader you will probably re-read it to make sure you missed nothing . 
 no need to go back over it , just know that my birth was not the wondrous event my mother had expected . 
 i can forgive her , and for the most part , do n't blame her reaction . 
 if i bore something that had been inside me , a part of me , an expectation of wondrous beauty and warmth , a symbiotic growth of shared blood and organs , only to witness the abomination that was me , i would probably have reacted in the same manner . 
 still , it 's hard to forget . 
 sometimes i wake from my dreams with her screams fading into the darkness . 
 she , on the other hand , never forgave herself and carries that burden even now as old age creeps up on her once-young life and the alcohol steals the rest . 
 i love her though she rarely acknowledges it . 
 my name is lincoln delabar . 
 linc for short . 
 and though i 'm older now and have a better understanding of this world , there are some things i do n't comprehend . 
 there 's a reason for my lack of insight and i know you 'll see it for what it is . 
 i have no face . 
 at least not what most people would call a face . 
 i do not have eyes , or a mouth . 
 i breathe through two slits that dwell near the spot where my nose should be . 
 they open and close as the air moves in and out of my lungs . 
 most people think reptilian , but i like to envision dolphin . 
 it just fits me better . 
 i have ears . 
 perfectly formed and functional , and hair that covers where it 's supposed to cover . 
 the worst thing for most people , though , is my mouth . 
 or lack of it . 
 it does n't exist . 
 not even a ghost of a pair of lips or hint that there should be . 
 when my nostrils are closed , it appears as if the skin on my face stretches from my scalp to my chin . 
 smooth , clear epidermis . 
 a blank landscape that many feel god forgot to paint . 
 thus , my more accurate nickname . 
 blank . 
 who came up with it ? 
 my father . 
 he never meant it as anything cruel , it was just his way to make light of the situation . 
 i like linc better , but i will answer to either one . 
 okay , i wo n't really answer , but it will get my attention . 
 how do i communicate , you wonder ? 
 for the benefit of most of the humans on this planet , i carry a device with a small screen which i can type into . 
 whether it 's my ipad , cell phone , or pocket computer , anyone can read what i have to say as long as they have the patience to wait for my response . 
 science has yet to progress far enough for the machines to read my mind . 
 but i predict it will happen very soon . 
 in the meantime , i type and people read , and if you 're very special to me you just might get to see a side most do n't know about . 
 by now you 're probably feeling a little sorry for me , and i can understand that , but there 's really no need for pity . 
 i do n't miss most of the things you might call normal . 
 you see , my body has compensated for many of the things it lacks . 
 missing a mouth to speak with really is n't that much of a bother and i believe it saves me from a lot of unnecessary conversations about the weather , sports , aunt bessie , politics , the latest episode of honey boo boo , and girls . 
 especially girls . 
 i like them , do n't get me wrong , but they have a tendency to flee when they see me . 
 running and screaming sometimes too . 
 in a way , i 'm used to it . 
 still , it 's pretty upsetting . 
 my mother bought me a mask once . 
 yep . 
 pretty pathetic . 
 and if it had n't been my mother , i probably would n't have worn it , but she insisted and i gave in . 
 it was special and from what people told me it looked pretty real . 
 it was made of a latex material , and though somewhat expensive , it felt like crap . 
 at least to me . 
 my mother claimed this was her gift to me ; her sacrifice so that i could belong in this world . 
 i tried to tell her that the people i really cared about would accept me no matter what and i wanted nothing to do with the ones who would n't . 
 she did n't listen . 
 i even told her that the mask was really for her , but she only grew angry and poured herself another drink . 
 i guess a little discomfort was the least i could do to make her happy . 
 or at least happier . 
 as an infant , i was left to my own devices a lot of the time . 
 i mean , think about it ; if i could n't speak , or cry , or smile , or laugh , or frown , or many of the other things babies do , how would my parents know when i was upset , or happy , or mad , or even hungry ? 
 facial expressions carry lots of meaning and display many of our feelings where words fall short . 
 so not only can i not communicate with any real emotion by speaking , i lack the face to generate expressions and nuances to match those words . 
 or so you might think . 
 my mother learned of some of my special talents first . 
 she 's the mother , and she would naturally be the closest to me . 
 at least at first . 
 now , this part of my life might be a little difficult to comprehend , but i 'll try to explain it as best i can or maybe as i best understood it . 
 as an infant , i was acutely aware of my surroundings and aware means a lot more to me than most babies . 
 i remember everything , even the time in the womb . 
 though , as an infant , i lacked the language needed to describe what i experienced , i had other senses to give my existence a vision . 
 i know , vision is a word that someone with no eyes would not use , but it is accurate . 
 my level of communication and learning was mostly visual during infancy . 
 language did not exist for me , so i saw things and attached those visuals to what i was experiencing . 
 how did i see ? 
 with electrical vibrations . 
 there is something in my brain that allows me to see pulsations and vibrations with a complexity that nearly mimics normal sight but just in shades of gray . 
 kind of like thermal imaging . 
 the only things i see in color are the auras that surround living creatures and humans . 
 they have a complexity of colors that give each animal or human their own identity . 
 pretty cool , huh ? 
 more on this later . 
 as i came into this world , i began to rapidly associate what i saw with my own form of learning . 
 the people or things that i interacted with daily were easy to recognize and even though my family 's colors would change with their mood or activities , the core of their aura never changed and thus i learned who my mother , father , sister , and others were quite quickly . 
 my mother 's mood would darken on a dime back then , and to this day , it still borders on the manic . 
 she can move in and out of being happy and sad in a blink of an eye . 
 i became aware of these moods early on and since i could associate the colors with how she interacted with me , i learned what was good and bad pretty fast . 
 what i did n't know at the time was how powerful my mind really was . 
 i understand it now , but as a baby , it was beyond my comprehension . 
 my mother became aware of it on the day she dropped me . 
 i was angry . 
 or as angry as an infant can be at that young age and now that i really think about it , maybe frustrated would be a better word . 
 i had a messy diaper and i did n't like sitting in crap . 
 my squirminess was not getting her attention . 
 she would at times caress my hair or stroke my arm as her way of showing affection , but she had yet to touch the skin of my missing face . 
 for some reason , she chose to do so at that moment . 
 she put her palm to the smooth , blank skin , smiling at first from the softness , and then she gasped , flinched , and dropped me on the floor . 
 apparently , what i was thinking startled her . 
 to me , it was like a blockage in my head had been opened . 
 a floodgate released and a torrent of visions and impressions poured into my mind . 
 some would call it telepathy , but to me it 's oh so much more . 
 you see , i ca n't just telepath with anyone . 
 i ca n't read your mind right now even if i tried my hardest . 
 a physical action has to take place along with the opening of my mind and then we will forever share a connection . 
 people i share with describe it as uniquely intimate . 
 not only do they see and hear what i have to say , they feel it too . 
 you see , i do n't really need a face to display my emotions or convey a feeling . 
 the special people in my life get so much more . 
 they know me . 
 to the core . 
 they know everything a person could know about me and i see them fully , just as they are . 
 once the link is established , it 's always there . 
 usually only severed by death . 
 and even then , it lingers a little after . 
 when my mother dropped me , she jumped up and stood over me , her hand to her mouth . 
 my father ran over and scooped me up . 
 `` what the hell , mary ? '' 
 he said . 
 she shook her head slowly , tears starting to form at the corners of her eyes . 
 she looked at my father with wonder . 
 `` he yelled at me , '' she said . 
 my dad was busy checking me over for injuries and really had n't paid attention to what she said . 
 he looked up at her . 
 `` are you having a break down or something ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she reached her arms out to me , shaking her head . 
 `` he has a dirty diaper and he does n't like it , '' she said . 
 my dad bent his head lower and sniffed . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 i would n't like it either . 
 he seems okay , though . '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` he told me he does n't like it . 
 he showed me . '' 
 `` what the hell are you talking about , mary ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i touched his face and this image blasted into my head . 
 it was like he was shouting at me . '' 
 she took me from my father 's arms and carried me to my room . 
 my father followed . 
 `` an image blasted into your mind ? 
 come on mary . 
 what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's just what happened . '' 
 my father grew quiet and watched her change my diaper . 
 i could tell he wanted to touch my face , but was scared . 
 his color had gone a little green . 
 `` give him to me , '' he said when my mother was finished . 
 she stared at him for a minute . 
 `` maybe i should hold him if you 're going to do what i think you 're going to do . '' 
 `` does it hurt ? '' 
 my father asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 he reached out and put his fingers to the skin on my face . 
 it was like before , a torrent of visions and sounds and feelings and emotions poured from him into me and me into him . 
 he gasped , but did not move his hand . 
 some of the things i saw in his mind i did not understand at that age , but the feel of the things in his life i understood . 
 i could see his face change , the colors lightening to a pale blue . 
 then he wept . 
 my mother nodded to him , her eyes growing wet as her free hand rose to cover her mouth while she cried . 
 she actually giggled a little . 
 `` he loves us , '' my father said . 
 `` he loves us and i can see it . '' 
 my mother put her hand in my father 's free hand and squeezed . 
 `` i know , '' she said . 
 she grew sad then . 
 i , at that young age , only understood that her mood had changed , but i did not know why . 
 now , looking back , i can see what she was feeling . 
 she was amazed at the connection we had , but was afraid for me . 
 afraid for what the world held in store . 
 afraid that it would swallow me whole and spit me out in little pieces . 
 afraid that she would have to watch me shrivel into nothingness and die . 
 she started to drink that night . 
 from that day on , whenever i needed attention , was hungry , had a dirty diaper , or whatever else an infant needed , it would blast into my mother 's and father 's heads louder and quicker than if i had a voice . 
 my mother would jump sometimes . 
 she 'd be doing dishes at the sink and my mind would reach out to her , blasting the thought into her head . 
 she broke many glasses that first few months . 
 `` damn linc . 
 you have got to learn not to shout . '' 
 and she was right . 
 i could n't control the power or strength of what i thought . 
 it was just what i needed . 
 eventually , i became better at regulating the intensity , but living in a household where there were no secrets posed an interesting problem in its own right . 
 whatever all of us thought , the others knew too . 
 and that is why my father left . 
 * * * when i was two , i knew everything . 
 or at least i thought i did . 
 having the minds of two adults and one sister aged five open to me was very educational to say the least . 
 i grew up very fast . 
 i also drove a wedge between my parents . 
 what i did n't realize in those first days was if i opened myself up to someone , they , in turn , could become open to the others in my small circle . 
 i was like a conduit , conducting the energy among all who were connected . 
 although most people in this world consider themselves honest , truthful beings , in reality , everyone lies . 
 routinely . 
 sometimes hourly . 
 sometimes by the second . 
 think about it . 
 you 're walking down the street and taking in the scenery ; the trees , animals , shops , buildings , houses , whatever . 
 but you 're also seeing the people . 
 your mind wanders as you walk and you really do n't think about what you 're thinking . 
 cute dog . 
 stupid driver . 
 man that girl needs to lose weight . 
 that guy has too many moles . 
 i wonder what she looks like in a bikini ? 
 understand ? 
 it 's almost impossible to control as it 's just part of what the human brain does on a daily basis , every hour , minute , and second , even in dreams . 
 we do n't think about how our thoughts will affect the things around us , because they are , well , our thoughts . 
 our own private insights into how we perceive the world around us . 
 when we interact with those other humans , we do n't share those intimate thoughts with most of them . 
 we lie . 
 we pretend we do n't consider them overweight , or cute , or stupid , or mean , or lonely , or sad , or pathetic , or insane . 
 okay , you get it . 
 if we did , we would all probably be mean , lonely , sad , pathetic , and insane . 
 mostly insane . 
 imagine if you had to share that with people around you . 
 and the key word there is had . 
 you could not stop it . 
 there was no turning it off or shutting the world out . 
 the gate stayed open and whatever rushed in or out was out of control . 
 that 's what i created in my family . 
 it 's called chaos . 
 and we all became somewhat insane . 
 at least in the house . 
 the telepathy has a range . 
 like a radio signal . 
 if you were in close proximity to the source , me , everything was open and free . 
 if you moved away , or out of range , the telepathy stopped . 
 my father discovered this early on by going to work . 
 and , of course , he became a workaholic . 
 just to escape the insanity that was my house . 
 if the man could 've worked twenty-four hours a day , he would have . 
 but he could n't , so he did the next best thing . 
 he divorced my mother and his family and moved to michigan . 
 he tried to stick it out , but it became an impossibility when he and my mother could no longer have sex . 
 everyone in the house knew when it was happening and from what i understand of sex , it 's pretty tough to do when you have an audience . 
 unless you 're a porn star . 
 dad and mom 's love life came to a screeching halt . 
 sneaking off to the garage or a hotel room became quite the chore , and parking at the local teenage hangout , embarrassing , so they just gave up . 
 or he gave up . 
 i do n't blame him . 
 not now anyway . 
 as a two year old i did n't really understand what the big deal was , but now that i 'm in my twenties , i can see how things would not work . 
 sometimes i wish i could take things back . 
 the final straw for dad had come when i became sick . 
 for most kids , a cold or flu is just a minor inconvenience . 
 a little fever , stuffy nose and cough , and then things would be fine . 
 for me , it 's as close to dying as i can get . 
 my sister , kaylin , had gotten sick first . 
 something she picked up at school or a friend 's . 
 it started with the sniffles and then she ran a fever . 
 when it worked its way around to me at age two , i had never been sick . 
 i lack a mouth . 
 i remind you of this so you 'll get that picture into your head . 
 two slits for nostrils that open and close when i breathe . 
 if we 've never talked about food or how i eat , it really is quite simple . 
 when i was born , i was quite the spectacle . 
 as my mother and father were filled with horror and disgust , the medical community looked upon me as something to study and dissect . 
 the media was leaked the story by some money-hungry nurse who was in the delivery room and my mom and dad found their hospital room swarmed by cameras and reporters . 
 it had been a circus . 
 eventually , the reporters went their own way , my mom and dad unwilling to speak to them or let them take any pictures . 
 they grew bored and found other ways to sell newspapers and ads . 
 the doctors , in all their wisdom , decided that they would perform surgery and create an opening so i could eat . 
 my mother and father freaked , and would not allow that , so they did the next best thing . 
 the doctors inserted a thin tube through my nostril , passed it into my stomach and i 'm fed a liquid protein-like diet through the tube . 
 i do n't chew , swallow , or even taste what i eat . 
 i ca n't say i miss it , because i 've never experienced it . 
 i know it 's a difficult concept to grasp , but for me , it 's just one more thing i do n't have to worry about . 
 so , why bring this up now ? 
 the illness . 
 my sister ran a fever for a day and then starting vomiting . 
 the head cold had settled into her stomach and now raged as some fun stomach flu . 
 when the bug finally made it through my sister , father , and then mother , to me , everybody was worn out . 
 a household full of vomiting people is not fun . 
 when my stomach revolted for the first time in the middle of the night , the contents shot from the two openings in my face like a molten flow of lava , pressurized by a thousand years of pent up energy . 
 they sprayed the wall , the crib , the lamp , the rug and anything else that was within a radius of eight feet . 
 the burning from my stomach acid passing over the sensitive membranes of my nostrils was a fiery pain that made the whole front of my head throb . 
 and since i did n't know what the hell was happening , i started screaming . 
 in my mind . 
 i screamed as loud as i could . 
 everyone in the house came awake and ran into my room . 
 my father slipped on the vomit and my sister gagged , almost puking . 
 my mother picked me up and held me , trying to find some way to soothe my pain , but nothing was making the burning stop . 
 i threw up three more times in the night and then finally stopped . 
 by then , the mucous membranes inside my nasal cavities were so inflamed and irritated i made a wheezing noise as i breathed . 
 snot ran thick and green from the slits in my face and i wailed constantly in my mind , a noise only my family could hear and were unable to silence in their tortured minds . 
 when i started turning blue , they called an ambulance . 
 the paramedics rushed in , took one look at me and freaked . 
 they spent the next few minutes on the radio with the emergency room physician trying to explain to him that they had an infant with no face , suffocating in front of them and what the hell were they supposed to do . 
 my mother yelled in the background , grabbing their arms . 
 `` help him ! 
 help him ! 
 help him ! '' 
 i now understand the frantic procedure they performed on me that night . 
 a cricothyrotomy . 
 basically a needle was inserted into my throat to create an airway directly into my trachea , bypassing my swollen nostrils , so i could breathe . 
 at the time it happened , the only thing i knew was that it hurt like hell . 
 and i reacted just like someone would expect . 
 a reflex . 
 i fought back . 
 my father was the unfortunate victim of those reflexes . 
 when the needle went in , one paramedic holding me down , and my mother screaming hysterically , something snapped in my mind . 
 a white , hot vision of pain and panic seared into my psyche and a power that i had showed itself . 
 not only could i see into others ' thoughts , but my telepathy was secondary only to the telekinesis that surfaced at that moment . 
 yes , you read that right . 
 i could move things with my mind . 
 and on that night i moved my father . 
 across the room . 
 as dad flew through the air , flung from his place next to my mother as if gripped by some spasm or fit and propelled sideways into the wall , he screamed . 
 he could see the pain i was feeling and the panic in my mind , but the fear he felt at being so out of control overrode anything else . 
 his arm snapped at the elbow , and he lay there on the floor panting , his arm bent at an impossible angle . 
 he now needed the attention of the paramedics as well . 
 when the pain let up a bit and i could breathe through the needle , things started to make sense to my advanced two year old mind , and i grew calmer . 
 at least calm enough not to throw people around the room . 
 the paramedics reported to the er doctor that i was stable and they were bringing me and my father in . 
 when the doctor asked why the father was injured , they explained what they had witnessed . 
 the doctor did n't believe them . 
 he would learn . 
 in the emergency room , they wheeled me into a little cubicle with my mother and sister hovering nearby . 
 my father was taken to another part of the er but i could still sense him and see what he was thinking . 
 it scared me . 
 the doctor came in and looked me over commenting on my lack of facial features and deformations as if i were on some other planet . 
 he put his fingers to the needle in my neck to check its positioning and a fiery pain shot into my throat and chest and the air stopped moving in and out of my lungs . 
 i panicked . 
 my newfound telekinesis kicked in of its own accord and the doctor found himself pinned up on the ceiling , his arms and legs frantically flailing as his world was turned upside down . 
 one of the paramedics said , `` we told you . '' 
 `` get me down ! 
 get me down ! '' 
 the doctor screamed and my mother reached over and shifted the needle in my neck a bit , restoring my ability to breathe . 
 `` it was blocked , '' she said . 
 my mind relaxed and the doctor fell from his lofty place and slammed into a tray next to my bed on his way down . 
 he fractured his left pinky . 
 he turned my case over to another physician and ended up in his own cubicle , his pinky in a small brace . 
 i spent two days in the hospital and went home with a tube sticking out of my neck . 
 the tracheostomy tube was later removed and the hole surgically closed . 
 needless to say , i avoid sick people with something akin to freakish paranoia . 
 if you want to see me run , just sneeze around me or make a gagging noise in your throat . 
 who knows , i may just throw you across the room . 
 dad left a week later . 
 sometimes i think i feel him ; a little tickle at the back of my mind , or a whisper in my head that he loves me , but it fades and i dismiss it . 
 one night , the feeling came on pretty strong , though . 
 softly at first , like the signal was out of range , and then stronger as if getting closer . 
 i heard a car outside my window and felt an old familiar presence in my mind . 
 it felt sad and lonely and full of regret , but when i thought it fully snapped into place , an old fear bubbled up in the memory and the car accelerated away . 
 i thought i heard `` i 'm sorry '' in my head . 
 maybe i had imagined that too . 
 * * * my mother coped . 
 that was her word . 
 the word that defines her . 
 she tries to make it mine and my sister 's word too , but it has never really stuck with us . 
 by definition , coping means to successfully manage a difficult situation , and in that measure my mother has definitely tried fulfilling it . 
 according to her , her whole life has been one form of coping or another , though i do n't know if it has been successfully managed . 
 i guess if you consider being stoned out of your mind or falling down drunk successfully managing a difficult situation , then by all means she 's coped . 
 but for my sister and me , we would have to first consider ourselves in a difficult situation . 
 and we did n't . 
 at least not at first . 
 my sister , kaylin , became to me what my mother was not . 
 in a house where there are no secrets , she did n't care . 
 her world was an open book and she treated me as if it were her defining trait to teach me everything she knew and let me feel everything she felt . 
 my mother , as part of her coping , tried to hide everything and i let her believe she succeeded because it was what she needed . 
 needless to say , kaylin and i were very close . 
 i 've heard that as you get older , your capacity to learn and change decreases . 
 the brain 's ability to form new synapses and connective pathways diminishes and unless you have a serious injury , you 're stuck with what you have . 
 i do n't know if this is true , but i would guess that it has some merit to it . 
 adults , my mother and father for example , do n't seem to have the flexibility in thinking that the youth of the world possess . 
 their way of thinking has been ingrained and reinforced for many years and has defined them . 
 it only makes sense . 
 as infants we are wholly impressionable and who we become in life may be determined by who and what we are exposed to in our youth . 
 learning , like memorization , is just a reinforcement of the electrical pathways created in the brain as we are exposed to the world via our senses . 
 if you 're constantly bombarded with the alphabet , you learn your abcs . 
 if you practice your multiplication tables , you eventually learn that two times two is four and nine times nine is eighty one . 
 it becomes part of who you are . 
 for my sister and me , the openness of our family became something ingrained in our brains . 
 we could take in whatever bits of each other 's minds that seemed important or we could discard it for the white noise that it was . 
 my mother took in everything and it assaulted her like a million buzzing flies swarming around her head . 
 she could n't learn to turn it down much less shut it off and my father seemed only to amplify it in his head , causing it to drive him insane . 
 kaylin could do homework and carry on a conversation in her head with me at the same time . 
 when her thoughts turned inward , i could sense this and then it became like a distant hum . 
 a soothing vibration in the background that was comfortable , but not intrusive . 
 basically , like a fan running in the room . 
 you knew it was there , but you were so used to hearing it , you ignored it . 
 but if something was important or if we felt scared or in danger or anxious or sad , the hum of everyday life would change and turn into something that could not be ignored . 
 it could become like screaming in the night . 
 and on the night i turned fifteen , that screaming would define who i was . 
 chapter 2 joey my mom 's brother , uncle joey , came to live with us a few months before my fifteenth birthday . 
 he was a tall guy , thin and wiry , with eyes that seemed to glow in his head . 
 at least that 's how he appeared to me . 
 he was always smiling and i trusted that smile because it was all i knew . 
 his aura , the colors around him that i could see , was something that confused me , though . 
 it would flicker . 
 sometimes greenish with a hint of blue and other times , blacker , like old oil in a rusty can . 
 the flicker was like an electrical short and at times it was as if i could hear a buzzing when it would do its thing . 
 his aura did n't flicker all the time . 
 for the most part it stayed this beautiful shade of greenish-blue , but something would happen and the short circuit would show . 
 if only i had known what that really meant at the time . 
 uncle joey was a construction worker from georgia who could n't find work at the moment with the economy in shambles , and a large part of the u.s. looking for jobs . 
 my mother , who never got over my father 's cowardice , welcomed him into our home with open arms . 
 he was her little brother and she was more than willing to rescue him and help him get over the rough spot in his life . 
 so long as he was willing to help out . 
 and when she said help out , she meant give her a break from the house so she could get away from the constant buzzing that was the character of our home ; our thoughts . 
 or her swarm of flies that she could never shoo away . 
 joey was more than happy to oblige . 
 by the age of fourteen , i had gotten used to the reactions of most people when they first laid eyes on me . 
 their aura would dim and shrink inward , contracting within itself like a protective blanket , fear at its root , and then the color would change as they became less afraid and more curious . 
 with joey , he reached out his hand and grabbed mine in his , shaking it up and down firmly , his aura a smooth green , brightly lit and unafraid . 
 i liked him immediately . 
 `` lincoln . 
 cool name , '' joey said as he squeezed my fingers harder . 
 `` tighten that grip there bucko . 
 men show respect by being firm in their handshakes . '' 
 he smiled as he felt my grasp tighten . 
 then he squeezed harder and i winced inside . 
 `` linc , '' my mother said . 
 `` he goes by linc . 
 or blank . '' 
 `` i like linc , '' joey said . 
 he could n't see it , but inside i was beaming . 
 my mother then told him all about me . 
 everything except the episode where i threw my father across the room . 
 that part scared her and she did n't like to admit to herself she was afraid of me . 
 a little anyway . 
 so , she kept it to herself . 
 joey seemed fascinated by all this , but his aura turned guarded in color . 
 a deeper green with flecks of red inside . 
 `` if you just touch his face , '' my mother was saying , `` then you 'll be able to read his mind too . 
 try it . '' 
 joey took a step back and his smile faltered . 
 `` i think i 'll pass . '' 
 my mother 's face took on that pinched look when she was confused . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i just think it 's weird . '' 
 my opinion of him diminished a beat then . 
 `` my son is not weird . '' 
 `` jeez , mary . 
 i just got here . 
 i 'm not saying linc is weird . '' 
 he pushed his hands through his hair and his shoulders sagged . 
 `` i 'm just saying it would be weird to have your thoughts read all the time . 
 i 'm not ready for that . '' 
 `` tell me about it , '' my mother mumbled , her aura changing from a dim pink to a brighter red . 
 she waved her hand at him . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i just thought it would be easier . 
 he ca n't talk . '' 
 i pulled out my pocket pc and started typing into it . 
 `` i can type , '' i said into my mother 's head . 
 she nodded at me . 
 `` he has a handheld computer . 
 that will have to do for now . '' 
 i showed the screen to uncle joey . 
 i had typed , `` it 's nice to meet you . '' 
 `` good to meet you too , '' joey said . 
 `` we 're gon na be great pals . '' 
 i believed him . 
 it never occurred to me to question his reasons for not wanting to connect . 
 i just thought he was afraid to feel it . 
 i should have seen he was hiding secrets . 
 * * * joey loved football . 
 when he came to live with us in orange park , florida , the nfl season was in full swing . 
 joey hated the jaguars and loved the falcons , so every sunday he would get pissed because the networks were required to broadcast the jaguar game to the jacksonville home viewers and not the more popular atlanta falcons . 
 to make up for it , he decided i needed to learn to play football . 
 so , joey dragged my little butt outside into the cool fall air and threw footballs at my head . 
 he expected me to suck at it , but even i was surprised at how quickly i caught on . 
 i think he was disappointed that he could n't hit me in the head with the ball . 
 he just did n't understand that my reflexes were pretty damn good . 
 he walked me down to one end of the empty corner lot two houses down from my house and told me to stand there . 
 he jogged to a respectable distance , working his arm in an arc with the football in his hand , and then turned and yelled . 
 `` try to catch it . '' 
 he threw the ball as hard as he could at me and i ducked . 
 the ball sailed over my head and bounced into the street that crazy way footballs do . 
 it came to rest against the curb . 
 `` no . 
 you have to catch it , '' joey said , throwing up his hands . 
 `` go get it and throw it to me . 
 i 'll show you . '' 
 my mother was standing on the stoop to the front door watching , one arm wrapped across her stomach and the other up by her face . 
 she stood on her tiptoes to look . 
 `` do n't hurt him , '' she shouted to her brother . 
 `` he 'll be fine , '' joey said . 
 i ran to the ball and picked it up . 
 i 'd never held a football before and though my fingers and hand were still small , it felt good resting on my palm . 
 the laces lay by accident across the middle section of my fingers , just as they were supposed to i would later learn , and i brought the ball to my nostril openings and sniffed . 
 it had an earthy smell , like dirt and grass mixed with shoes and socks . 
 almost the same as my church shoes , but somehow different . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 joey yelled . 
 `` are you smelling the ball ? 
 come on . '' 
 i could see him grinning at me , his experience with a ` virgin ' football player something he was really enjoying . 
 i grinned back inside but of course he could n't see that . 
 i ran back to the corner lot and started to rear my arm back . 
 `` get closer . 
 you 'll never be able to reach me , '' joey said . 
 i ignored him and threw the ball as hard as i could . 
 it flew from my fingers , the laces rubbing across my fingertips as it left my hand . 
 a spiral it was not , but it had some power behind it . 
 or at least i thought . 
 the ball travelled maybe a yard and fell to the earth wobbling to a stop a few feet in front of me . 
 `` really ? '' 
 joey said . 
 he jogged over and picked it up . 
 `` you look like you 're trying to throw a shot-put or something . 
 try it like this . '' 
 he showed me in slow motion how his arm travelled in an arc over his shoulder . 
 i nodded and he handed the ball back to me and jogged back over to a spot that was closer , but still further than i had thrown it the first time . 
 i pulled my arm back and threw the ball . 
 it travelled further than the first throw but still fell short of where joey stood . 
 he jogged up to it and picked it up . 
 `` go long . 
 i 'll throw it to you and you catch it . '' 
 i stood there . 
 `` run . 
 that way . 
 i 'll throw you the ball . 
 when it gets to you , catch it . '' 
 he pointed behind me and began shuffling backward with the ball cocked like the quarterbacks did on tv . 
 `` go ! '' 
 i ran as fast as i could and he threw the ball . 
 it flew in a beautiful arcing spiral that looked as if it could hang in the air forever . 
 i kept running and when the ball dropped from the sky , i reached out my hands to catch it . 
 it sank into my arms and i pulled it into my chest . 
 i turned and held it up in my hands . 
 uncle joey jumped into the air and pumped his fist once high over his head . 
 `` yes ! 
 that was awesome , kid . 
 i ca n't believe you caught that . '' 
 inside , i was grinning like a fool and i looked down at the football in my hands , enjoying the way it felt . 
 my fingers tingled from the force of the throw , but it felt good . 
 i wanted to catch some more . 
 `` throw it back , '' joey yelled . 
 i did my shot-put thing again and the ball travelled a few feet , tumbling end over end in what i had learned was not a spiral . 
 it fell short again and joey jogged up to pick it up . 
 `` all right . 
 so you ca n't throw . 
 but you can catch like jerry rice . 
 go long again . '' 
 he motioned with his hand and i took off running . 
 `` keep going ! '' 
 i ran with all i had and soon ran out of yard . 
 the ball left his fingers , soaring skyward , and for a moment i thought it would never come down . 
 i ran across the street into the yard there and put on burst of speed because i could tell it was going to go over my head . 
 running under the ball , i stretched out my arms and dived for it . 
 it fell into my fingertips as i was stretched out horizontal over the brown grass and i pulled it in and fell onto the ball . 
 the air rushed from my lungs and i felt as if i had run smack into a wall . 
 i lay there , unable to breathe , the wind knocked out of me . 
 but i did n't let go of the ball . 
 `` yes ! 
 yes ! 
 yes ! '' 
 i could see joey pumping his fist in the air as he ran over , my mother coming off of the porch at a run , yelling that he killed me . 
 `` is he dead ? 
 is he dead ? '' 
 joey stopped and knelt over me , his hands on his knees , grinning from ear to ear . 
 `` you all right , kid ? '' 
 i was struggling to get air to move in and out of my lungs . 
 `` you just got the wind knocked out of you , '' joey said , reaching down and standing me up . 
 `` shake it off . 
 you 'll be all right . 
 shake it off . '' 
 my mother ran up . 
 `` oh , thank god . '' 
 air started moving in and out of my lungs again and i told her i was fine . 
 `` that 's enough for today , '' she said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 joey said . 
 `` he 's just getting it down . 
 did you see that ? '' 
 `` that 's enough , joseph tyler allen . '' 
 he looked like a kid just then and grabbed the ball from my hands , staring at it . 
 `` all right , sis . 
 no need to get all full name on me and shit . '' 
 she whacked him on the arm . 
 `` and do n't curse in front of him . '' 
 joey flinched . 
 `` sorry , kid . '' 
 he grinned then and reached out and shoved me in the shoulder . 
 `` you did good though . 
 we 'll work on it some more tomorrow . '' 
 `` we 'll see , '' my mother said . 
 joey turned to her and looked her in the eye . 
 `` you saw what he did , mary . 
 the kid 's amazing . 
 you have to let him play . 
 i mean , look at him . 
 he has no eyes , but he catches like he 's jerry rice . '' 
 `` i do n't know who jerry rice is , and stop mocking his problems . 
 he ca n't help it if he does n't have eyes . '' 
 `` i 'm not mocking him . 
 sheesh . 
 i 'm telling you the kid is like a prodigy or something . 
 no fourteen-year-old should be able to catch a ball like that . '' 
 `` well , i do n't care . 
 football is dangerous . 
 he 'll get hurt . 
 look what happened to him already . '' 
 `` he got the wind knocked out of him is all . 
 he 's fine . 
 look at him . '' 
 joey smiled down at me and i nodded . 
 mom pursed her lips and i could see her color change from the red it had been to a lighter pink . 
 she was calming down . 
 she sighed . 
 `` we 'll see . 
 but enough for today . 
 okay , honey ? '' 
 she bent down to kiss me and i could smell the rum on her breath . 
 the drinking was getting worse . 
 joey turned to walk back to the house , but i reached out and grabbed the ball from him . 
 i signaled with my hand for him to go long , just as he did to me and he smiled . 
 `` you wo n't be able to stop this now , sis . 
 he 's got it in his blood . '' 
 joey grinned and jogged slowly into the street . 
 i signaled further and he shrugged . 
 picking up steam , he crossed the street at a run and kept his head turned to me to see the ball . 
 i stepped away from my mother and pulled my arm back . 
 an odd sensation pulsed through my muscles and though i know i had felt it before , it was something that i had n't felt in a while . 
 familiar , yet new . 
 my mind became clear and the image of the ball sailing through the air became so visible , i felt like i could actually see it . 
 my arm came forward and the ball left my fingertips in a perfect spiral , the pulsation in my arm ramping up to a vibration that i could feel into my shoulder and spine . 
 it kind of tickled . 
 the ball took up a kind of unnatural arc and flew skyward with much more power than anything previous and as my mother and i watched , it sailed long over joey 's head and landed in my yard two houses down . 
 joey stopped dead in his tracks and then turned to look at me . 
 he was no longer smiling . 
 `` what the hell , kid ? '' 
 chapter 3 tucker two days later , as joey and i were out in the corner lot throwing the football back and forth , a kid stepped from a house two doors down and sat on his front steps watching us . 
 he was older than i was , but not that much . 
 since i did n't go to school , all of my learning and education being provided by my mother and sister , i did n't know many other kids in the neighborhood or school . 
 he watched us for a bit , sitting with his hands under him like they were cold or something . 
 i waved , but he did n't wave back . 
 my throwing skill had lapsed back into the ridiculous and uncle joey was getting frustrated . 
 as another ball tumbled through the air only a few feet , my arm fumbling through the shot-put motion again , he walked over and picked it up . 
 `` what was that the other day ? '' 
 he asked , coming up to me and handing me the ball . 
 `` are there two lincs in there ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i did n't have my pocket computer with me because i did n't want to risk breaking it , so i could n't communicate with him . 
 i reached up to grab his wrist and pull his hand to my face , but he jerked it away . 
 `` you do n't want to do that , kid . '' 
 i did , but he would n't let me . 
 `` there 's something in there that 's different with you is n't there ? 
 something maybe you do n't even know you can do . 
 what the hell was that the other day ? '' 
 i knew what he was talking about and had been struggling with it myself for the last two days . 
 what had happened , i did n't know , but i wanted to find out . 
 and i wanted to find out bad . 
 i had an idea that it was close to the same thing as when i was two and they shoved that needle in my throat , but i had n't had any type of telekinesis happen since that day . 
 all i remember was that it was kind of involuntary . 
 like when you touched something hot and pulled your hand away without thinking . 
 lightning quick . 
 a knee-jerk reaction . 
 i could n't tell joey this , so i just grabbed the ball and motioned for him to go long . 
 he grinned and started moving away . 
 i concentrated . 
 hard . 
 so hard that i could feel my pulse in my head . 
 pulling my arm back with the ball in it , i heaved it with all my strength and the ball tumbled a few feet and fell to the ground about ten feet away . 
 joey 's face sagged and he stopped running . 
 i looked at my hand . 
 nothing . 
 no tingling . 
 no tickling . 
 nothing . 
 joey , though we were n't connected , was starting to pick up on some of my non-verbal vibes and he must have seen something in my posture because he shook his head and walked up to the ball . 
 `` do n't get frustrated , linc . 
 we both know you can do it . 
 we 'll figure it out . 
 i 'll throw the ball for now and you just catch it . '' 
 i nodded and turned to run . 
 the kid from across the street had gotten up and was standing right behind me . 
 joey and i had n't even noticed . 
 i ran into him and we both fell to the ground . 
 joey rushed over . 
 `` you all right , linc ? '' 
 i nodded , looking up at him from the grass . 
 `` how ` bout you , kid . 
 anything broke ? '' 
 the kid shook his head and picked himself up off the ground . 
 he watched me as i stood and then stared at my blank face . 
 i was used to this kind of thing , but joey was not . 
 `` it 's not polite to stare , kid , '' joey said , tossing the football from one hand to the other . 
 `` what 's wrong with his face ? '' 
 the kid asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 he just does n't have one . 
 what 's wrong with yours ? '' 
 sometimes i thought joey was more of a kid than i was . 
 `` my face is fine . 
 at least i have one . '' 
 that flicker in joey 's aura started up then . 
 i could see it stutter from blue to black and back , almost like it was trying to tune in a weak signal . 
 joey frowned and stopped tossing the ball back and forth . 
 `` i could rearrange it for you , '' joey said , leaning in closer . 
 i put my hand on his arm . 
 it startled him for a second and he looked at me , his aura full black now . 
 then it did a little hiccup again and turned blue . 
 the kid stared at joey , the fear in his eyes evident and the color at his core shrinking in to a pinpoint . 
 it was a deep purple but fading fast . 
 joey smiled . 
 `` i 'm messing with you , kid . 
 linc is just special . '' 
 `` his name 's linc ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 short for lincoln . 
 like the president . '' 
 the kid looked at me and moved from side to side as if trying to see around me . 
 `` lincoln 's a funny name . 
 i like linc better . '' 
 he pointed . 
 `` can he hear me ? '' 
 `` he can hear you . '' 
 `` how does he see ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' joey said , and looked at me . 
 `` i think he can detect some kind of vibrations or see things in colors . 
 like a bat . 
 sonar . '' 
 i nodded though he did n't have it quite right . 
 not like a bat , more like electrical activity . 
 at least that 's how i understood it for myself . 
 kaylin had helped me learn what colors were what . 
 you can imagine how someone who saw things mostly as shades of gray would struggle with it , but she was one of the few who could see the auras of people through me . 
 before she showed me what was what , i had just guessed and guessed mostly wrong . 
 the kid waved his hand in front of my blank face and watched my reaction . 
 joey grabbed his hand . 
 the black flickering was back . 
 `` do n't do that . 
 he can see you . 
 take my word for it . 
 he can catch a football , that 's for sure . '' 
 the kid stopped . 
 `` i know . 
 i saw him . 
 he can throw it far too . '' 
 he paused and glanced at the ball . 
 `` not today though . '' 
 `` we 're working on it . '' 
 `` can i play too ? '' 
 joey 's aura stopped flickering and he tossed the football back and forth in his hands again , a little smile on his lips . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` can you play ? '' 
 `` i 've played before . 
 with my dad . '' 
 `` why do n't you play with your dad now ? 
 we 're kind of busy . '' 
 `` my dad left . 
 my mom says he 's on a business trip , but i do n't think she 's right . 
 he 's been on the trip for three months . '' 
 i wanted to tell the kid my dad left too , but could n't . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 `` tucker . 
 what 's yours ? '' 
 `` i 'm joey . 
 you already know linc . '' 
 joey eyed him and squinted in the sunlight . 
 `` i guess you can play . '' 
 tucker smiled . 
 `` but if you get in the way i 'll send you home . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i 'm pretty good . 
 just not as good as him . '' 
 he pointed to me . 
 `` run toward the street . 
 i 'll throw you the ball . '' 
 tucker turned and got his arms and legs moving at a pretty good clip . 
 joey tossed the ball up in a tight spiral and tucker ran under it . 
 he reached out but the ball slipped through his hands and bounced away on the ground . 
 he scooped it up and ran back with it . 
 `` one more time , mister , '' he said . 
 `` joey . '' 
 `` my mom says i ca n't call adults by their names . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to go by ` mister , '' ' joey said . 
 tucker put one hand on his hip and leaned his head to the left . 
 `` how about mister joey ? '' 
 `` how about just joey . '' 
 `` my mom will yell at me . '' 
 `` i 'll yell at your mom . '' 
 tucker grinned and relaxed . 
 `` all right . '' 
 he started to jog away , his body twisted back toward us so he could still look . 
 `` throw the ball , joey . '' 
 the ball came at him low and fast , the spiral tight and pointed . 
 i thought joey was trying to knock tucker down , but tucker twisted toward it and the ball hit him square in the chest . 
 he wrapped his arms around it clumsily , but held on . 
 he jumped up in the air once and then threw the ball to the ground , spiking it . 
 `` good catch , kid , '' joey said with a small smile on his face . 
 `` you 're all right . '' 
 `` told you , '' tucker said . 
 he picked the ball up and threw it as hard as he could . 
 it wobbled in the air but joey caught it easily . 
 `` not bad . 
 not good , but definitely not bad . '' 
 for the next hour we played hard , joey throwing the ball to both of us and tucker mostly throwing it back . 
 i still could n't find the magic from the other day . 
 we took a break and they got a drink from tucker 's hose at the front of his house , and then sat on the porch for a minute , resting . 
 tucker kept looking my way . 
 `` how does he talk ? '' 
 tucker asked . 
 `` he does n't , '' joey said . 
 `` not like you talk to me . 
 he has a small pocket gadget he types into so i can read what he has to say . '' 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 `` he left it at home . 
 i do n't think he wants to break it playing football . '' 
 i nodded to them both and then grabbed joey 's wrist and pulled his palm toward my face . 
 he pulled it away again and rubbed it unconsciously . 
 `` yeah , '' joey said . 
 `` his mother says he can talk to people in their minds if you touch the skin of his face . 
 it 's telepathy . 
 mind reading stuff . '' 
 tucker 's mouth dropped open . 
 he turned to joey as his mouth slowly closed and he grinned . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 tucker asked , the look of wonder covering his whole face . 
 `` his mom says so , but i do n't know myself . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i just do n't , okay kid . '' 
 tucker turned back to face me and reached up a hand slowly to my face . 
 i grabbed it and shook my head no . 
 i was n't ready to connect with tucker . 
 i did n't know him well enough . 
 `` what 's wrong with him ? '' 
 `` he must not want you to touch him , '' joey said . 
 `` i would n't either . 
 kind of weird if you ask me . '' 
 `` i think it 's cool . '' 
 tucker dropped his hand to his lap . 
 `` if you 're not lying about it . '' 
 `` i do n't lie . '' 
 tucker squinted up into his face and studied him . 
 `` my dad said liars are the worst kind of people . 
 he swore he never lied to anybody , but i know he did . '' 
 tucker looked down at his feet splayed out in front of him . 
 `` he lied to my mom . '' 
 `` sometimes adults do that , '' joey said . 
 tucker nodded , his head still down . 
 his aura had taken on a gray color and it pulsed with his heartbeat . 
 `` come on , '' joey said standing . 
 `` let 's toss a few more and then i have to get him home . 
 his mom will be here soon and she 'll be pissed we 've been out here all day . 
 this time i 'll throw the ball and then whoever catches it will try and get past me . 
 time for some real football . '' 
 tucker grinned and jumped up . 
 `` i 'm pretty fast . '' 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 tucker and i went to one end of the lot and joey the other . 
 `` ready , '' joey shouted . 
 `` here it comes . '' 
 joey threw the football in a high arcing spiral and we both moved under to catch it . 
 tucker and i shoved each other back and forth a bit fighting for position as the ball started down toward us . 
 apparently tucker wanted the ball more than i because he put his hands on my chest and shoved me to the ground . 
 hard . 
 he caught the ball and ran . 
 i watched joey bend low and move toward him as i sat on the grass , leaning back on my hands . 
 i was feeling something i really had n't felt before and since i see in colors sometimes i think in them too . 
 the only color that was popping into my mind at that moment was a dark shade of green . 
 tucker made a lame attempt to juke past joey , but joey was too fast and he grabbed him up and spun him around . 
 `` got ya ' ! '' 
 tucker laughed , fighting to get free . 
 they both fell to the ground in a heap . 
 the color i was seeing changed to a bright green that glowed in my periphery . 
 later , i would learn that the envy i was feeling was a strong emotion , like anger , and anger would eventually get me into trouble , just as it does for most people , but for now , all i knew was that i wanted joey to laugh with me . 
 i jumped up and ran over , jerking the ball from tucker 's hands as they tussled on the ground . 
 joey squinted up at me and i motioned with my arm for them to go long . 
 they both stared . 
 i motioned more vigorously and they got the point , getting up and jogging away . 
 i watched them get farther away and joey actually stopped . 
 `` come on linc ! 
 throw it . 
 you 'll never reach us here anyway . '' 
 i waved my hand at him and he shrugged and turned . 
 tucker followed right behind . 
 my arm came back and that feeling i had the other day surfaced . 
 i concentrated and forced myself to remember what it felt like ; what i was thinking ; the colors that were visible in my mind ; my heart beating in my ears ; i closed out everything around me but those things i felt and i threw the ball . 
 that tingling came again , starting from below my shoulder blade and working its way rapidly down my arm to my fingertips . 
 the ball left my hand with a small popping sound and soared skyward , its spinning point arcing at an angle that i knew would cause it to fly a great distance . 
 the tingling continued in my hand as it followed through and dropped to my side . 
 joey saw it coming and put on a burst of speed . 
 i could hear him mumbling even from where he was a good distance away . 
 `` damn ... damn ... i do n't believe this . '' 
 tucker had stopped running and just stood there with his head turned up watching the ball sail over it in a blur . 
 joey ran under the ball and reached his hands out to catch it . 
 it fell perfectly into his arms and he pulled it in , slowing his run to a jog and holding the ball high over his head as he turned . 
 `` you did it linc ! 
 that was awesome ! '' 
 i smiled inside and looked down at my hand again . 
 joey came running up closer and then threw the ball back to me . 
 i caught it effortlessly without moving from where i stood . 
 `` do it again , '' joey said . 
 `` quick . 
 before you forget . '' 
 i nodded and he took off . 
 tucker ran beside him . 
 i could feel the sensation again now and recognized it for what it was . 
 i knew from that moment on that i would never forget . 
 i concentrated on tucker and let the ball fly . 
 it curved upward and spun tightly in the air as it found its target . 
 `` you got it , kid , '' joey yelled , and tucker reached out and snatched it out of the air . 
 he stopped and stood there grinning . 
 `` it 's warm , '' he said . 
 joey and i went to him and he held the ball out . 
 `` it 's warm . 
 like a loaf of fresh baked bread my mom makes . '' 
 he sniffed it . 
 `` it does n't smell like bread though . '' 
 joey laughed and i did inside too as joey took the ball from tucker . 
 `` it is warm . 
 weird . '' 
 he handed it to me . 
 `` your ball linc . 
 you own this thing . '' 
 he smiled and ruffled my hair . 
 the green at the edge of my vision had disappeared . 
 * * * later that afternoon , the doorbell rang . 
 my mom answered and though there was no need for her to yell , i could see in my mind that tucker was at the door . 
 she did so anyway , just out of habit . 
 `` lincoln . 
 the door 's for you . '' 
 she had a puzzled sound to her voice and i could see she was curious as to why this strange boy was asking for me by name . 
 she read my mind and scowled , turning to joey who was asleep in the recliner in front of the tv , some gilligan 's island re-run playing with the sound up . 
 even though the mind reading thing had been going on for years in our house , she still insisted on using her voice to talk to me . 
 `` football again ? 
 he 's going to get you killed , '' she said , tucker standing there shuffling his feet . 
 `` i like it , '' i told her in my way . 
 `` i 'm getting good at it . '' 
 `` well , i do n't . 
 you need to find things other than sports to keep yourself occupied . '' 
 `` please , mom . 
 i 've never been good at anything before . '' 
 i could see that she was more concerned with my new found ` ability ' than anything else she was saying and when she realized that i knew it too , she backed off . 
 `` i just do n't want this to get out . 
 you 're not weird . '' 
 `` i know , mom . 
 i 'm cool . '' 
 she could see me smiling in my own way and smiled herself . 
 she took a sip of the drink she was holding in her hand and remembered that tucker was standing there . 
 `` so , who 's this ? '' 
 `` i 'm tucker , mrs. ... uh ... ? '' 
 `` delabar . 
 do i know your mother ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 we live just right there . '' 
 he pointed to his house and her gaze followed his finger . 
 she did n't know them . 
 `` i 'll have to meet her one of these days , then . '' 
 `` she 's nice , '' tucker said . 
 `` i 'm sure she is . '' 
 my mom smiled at him . 
 `` can linc hang out ? '' 
 my mother looked my way with a smile on her lips and surprise in her eyes . 
 a thing passed between us in an instant -lrb- that 's the cool thing about telepathy , and the negative . 
 sometimes your thoughts happened just too quickly -rrb- . 
 i could tell she was pleased and worried all at the same time . 
 maybe more worried than pleased . 
 `` i guess so . 
 he usually does n't go out much , though . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she made a face . 
 `` he just does n't . '' 
 `` can he come out now ? '' 
 i threw a particularly aggressive thought her way and she flinched , turning to me . 
 tucker must have guessed what had happened . 
 `` he 's sending his thoughts to you , is n't he ? 
 cool . '' 
 mom 's face darkened and her color grew black . 
 `` and how do you know about that ? '' 
 `` he told me , '' tucker said , pointing at joey in the chair . 
 mom turned to her younger brother snoring in the chair while the skipper whacked gilligan with his cap and she scowled again . 
 i wo n't repeat what she was thinking . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` we do n't talk about that , tucker was it ? '' 
 `` uh huh . 
 some call me tuck . '' 
 i forced my thought on her again and she turned her head to me quickly , a look that said i better watch it . 
 you know , that mom look they 're so good at when you 're a kid and no amount of words or thoughts can equal it . 
 i backed off and waited for her to make up her mind . 
 `` okay , tuck . 
 i guess he can go out for a while . 
 but you guys stay close by . 
 i want to be able to yell and you hear me . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll be good . '' 
 `` i 'll watch out for him , '' tucker said . 
 she nodded and stepped back from the doorway . 
 she watched us walk off and then slowly shut the door . 
 tucker was staring again . 
 `` can you talk now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded and pulled out my pocket computer and typed . 
 `` you 'll have to read what i say on this , but yeah . 
 i can talk . '' 
 he grabbed it from my hand and turned it over in his . 
 `` this is cool . 
 i heard about these things , but i 've never seen one . 
 this would be fun . '' 
 i grabbed it back and typed . 
 `` it 's a pain in the ass . 
 takes too long . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` you said ` ass . '' ' 
 `` i can say other words too , '' i typed . 
 `` like shit and damn and hell . '' 
 he laughed as he read . 
 `` my mom gets pissed when i curse . '' 
 `` my mom does n't like it either . 
 if she could hear me in her head right now , she 'd be mad . '' 
 `` she ca n't read your mind now ? 
 what ? 
 can you turn it off and on ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but when i get far enough away , it does n't work anymore . 
 just like yelling . 
 if you 're too far away you ca n't hear it . '' 
 `` weird . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` what 's it like ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's cool . 
 but sometimes it 's not . 
 everybody always knows what everybody else is thinking . 
 i 'm used to it , and so is my sister , but my mom hates it sometimes . '' 
 i paused . 
 `` my dad left because of it . '' 
 `` my dad left too . 
 i know he 's not coming back even though my mom says he 's on a trip . '' 
 `` i do n't think mine is coming back either . '' 
 `` hey . 
 want to go down to the creek ? 
 there 's this cool fallen log that goes across it . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 he took off running and i followed . 
 the neighborhood i lived in was not the best . 
 not the worst , but it definitely rated up there with the lower income level of the community . 
 when it was built in the 50s , most of orange park was undeveloped and it was a pretty fancy place to be if you had a job and wanted to get away from the busy city of jacksonville . 
 since orange park had exploded in the 70s , the place had sunk to a level that all older neighborhoods seem destined for . 
 as the years passed and more expensive properties gave homebuyers the options and amenities they desired , eagle roost fell into decay and could not sustain any level of value in the community . 
 thus , folks who could not control their environs nearly as well as the better-offs moved here in droves . 
 mom did n't make much at her job and though dad sent us money every month -lrb- it was the only way we knew he was still alive -rrb- , it still was n't much and we barely scraped by . 
 because nobody cared about the place and the homeowners ' group had gone the way of the dodo , no one was left to try and protect what was left of the tightly packed neighborhood . 
 and a tire retreading business had snuck in and put down roots right behind it . 
 the stench of burnt rubber seemed to sink into everything and at times it even tasted like rubber when you ate your macaroni and cheese or captain crunch cereal . 
 at least that 's what my sister said . 
 today , the smell was particularly strong and as we got closer to the creek -lrb- it was just on the other side of the tire retreading property line -rrb- it became almost unbearable . 
 `` man that stinks , '' tuck said , holding his nose and making a face . 
 i nodded . 
 `` where 's the creek ? '' 
 `` right through here . '' 
 he ducked down and squeezed under a thorny bush and disappeared . 
 i squatted down and looked into the black hole in the thick growth of bushes , vines and weeds he had stepped through , and touched a thorn . 
 it stung as it easily found its way through the outer layer of my skin and hit a nerve . 
 it bled as i jerked it away . 
 `` come on , '' i heard him say . 
 duck-walking through the opening , a feeling of being squeezed suddenly surrounded me as the dense undergrowth closed in . 
 i was having a hard time catching my breath and this electric feeling of having a live wire inside my chest permeated the middle of my body . 
 most people see plants and trees and rocks and grass as vivid colors and textures , but to me they are mostly grayed out . 
 i can see their shapes and textures most of the time , but in some cases it 's all a blur , like now . 
 i felt disoriented in the darkened space and though my sense of sight is based on electrical pulsations and colors , you would n't think that light and dark mattered . 
 but in spaces where the darkness is created by density , it 's as if the lights have all been turned off . 
 the vibrations are so tightly packed they merge into one another and become black . 
 a blue hand appeared in front of me and grabbed at my collar . 
 tucker pulled and i scrambled some and was partially dragged the rest of the way out of there . 
 `` you looked lost , '' he said . 
 `` it 's kind of tight in there . '' 
 i nodded , glad to be free of the cramped quarters and darkness . 
 i turned my head left and right and looked at the woods and creek laid out in front of me . 
 the water made a gentle burbling sound as it meandered along its winding course and small rocks with slightly larger boulders created eddies and little whirlpools in some of the landscape . 
 i could smell damp earth and musty pine needles and of course a hint of that burnt rubber smell , but it was mostly gone here . 
 tucker was up on a fallen tree that spanned the width of the creek at a point where two faint paths merged in the undergrowth . 
 i did n't know if a lot of people walked the paths or if they were made by little -lrb- and bigger -rrb- forest critters that roamed the only wooded space for miles . 
 when i looked back at the log , tucker was up on his hands , his feet over his head as he hand walked out onto the log . 
 `` come on , '' tuck said , his legs wiggling for balance . 
 `` if you concentrate , you wo n't fall in . '' 
 somehow that did n't seem very reassuring to me . 
 i found a way up onto the tree anyway and cautiously made my way out over the water , but i was on my feet . 
 the bark was slippery on the old tree , but i could keep from slipping in if i kept my feet in a straight line . 
 i wanted to ask him if he ever fell in , but i did n't want to risk typing into my pocket computer at the moment . 
 tuck was at the midway point across and had stopped . 
 `` i found some arrow heads over there last year . 
 at least they looked like arrow heads to me . 
 i 'll show you one day . '' 
 somehow i doubted that indians had lived in this area but it was fun to imagine them hunting deer and squirrel and maybe even using this ancient tree as a bridge across a raging river . 
 as i looked down , the water continued the gentle burbling of its slow passage below me . 
 so much for the raging river . 
 i made it to the middle and stood straight , looking around . 
 tucker was grinning at me . 
 `` try it , '' he said . 
 `` i bet you can do it . '' 
 it did n't look like something i wanted to try , being a virgin log walker and all . 
 `` come on , '' tuck said , showing off and lifting one hand off the log quickly and putting it back . 
 he almost lost it . 
 `` bet you ca n't do it . '' 
 he finally lowered his feet and stood upright . 
 i handed him my pocket computer , just in case , and stretched my arms out . 
 i put my hands on the slippery log and let my weight settle on them . 
 i lifted one foot , then the other over my head , and held them there for just a second . 
 `` cool , '' tuck said . 
 `` now , try one hand . '' 
 i did n't want to and shook my head . 
 `` you 're wimping out now ? 
 joey would do it . '' 
 he was right . 
 joey would do it without even thinking about it . 
 i nodded my head once and he waited . 
 i lifted one hand , lost my balance and teetered off the old tree , my arms spinning and legs kicking . 
 i splashed ass first into the cold and shallow water and sat there with the current whispering around my waist . 
 tucker was laughing so hard , his eyes were closed . 
 i was in too much shock to do anything . 
 he finally asked if i was okay . 
 i nodded , not quite sure and stood slowly in the freezing water . 
 `` your mom is going to kill you , '' tuck said as he ran across the log and moved to the side of the creek closest to me . 
 he got to the edge of the creek and then froze , his eyes locked on to something on the other side . 
 i turned and saw what looked like a wolf staring at us from the other bank . 
 its teeth were bared and it was growling . 
 i turned back to tuck . 
 he looked at me and whispered , `` do n't move . '' 
 i could n't just stand there in the freezing water . 
 i turned back to the wolf-dog and straightened up . 
 the hairs on its back stood on end and it growled louder , low and deep in its chest , its head sinking lower to the ground and its muscles rippling along its flanks . 
 `` run ! '' 
 tuck yelled and took off . 
 the wolf-dog flinched but stayed put and i knew that if i followed tuck 's move , the thing would probably eat me . 
 i bent lower again and took a step toward it . 
 the growl grew deeper and it took a tiny step backwards . 
 i did n't know why i was n't afraid like tuck , but i was n't . 
 the thing 's color just was n't about danger . 
 it was scared and now that i looked closer , its ribs were showing and the fur was all matted and dirty . 
 its aura rippled along its edge and flashed a deep bluish purple with brief glimpses of yellow . 
 it was beautiful . 
 i took a step toward it , and it backed up another step , the growl continuing as drool dripped from its lips . 
 i reached the edge of the creek , the water a distant memory as it swirled around my ankles , the cold forgotten . 
 the dog -lrb- it was definitely a dog , not a wolf -rrb- crouched lower on its haunches and the growling worked up and down in intensity , but it did not attack . 
 i reached a hand out and it lunged half-heartedly toward it and pulled back . 
 it was just a feint . 
 i could tell it did n't want to hurt me . 
 that weird tingling started in my fingers and spread quickly up into my arm . 
 it also grew from the middle of my chest and spread outward . 
 i did n't know what was happening , but i let it happen . 
 a burst of tingling erupted at my fingertips and it was as if i could see something discharge from them , but it was probably my imagination . 
 it just felt like something shot out of my hand . 
 the dog flinched the tiniest bit and then let out a small whine and stopped growling . 
 its color changed immediately to an aqua blue and it licked its lips . 
 it stepped forward slowly and sniffed my hand . 
 then licked it . 
 i moved out of the water and caressed her matted fur , the danger over and fear gone . 
 i bent lower and she licked my face . 
 that connection thing happened suddenly and my mind flew open to her . 
 i could see into her mind and my heart sank at her despair . 
 she had puppies a short distance away and she was hungry . 
 there was no talking between us , it was just a knowing . 
 kind of visual . 
 her pure thoughts were so much clearer and simpler than my mom 's or sister 's and the wonder of life she felt was so basic , the instinct to survive so strong . 
 i stood , and she looked up at me , her tail wagging . 
 it was then i noticed that tuck had crept back and was watching from the fallen tree . 
 i turned and he spoke . 
 the dog growled and i told her it was all right . 
 she stopped immediately . 
 `` you 're talking to her now , are n't you ? '' 
 tuck said . 
 i nodded . 
 `` can i come closer ? '' 
 i nodded again . 
 he made his way across and stepped from the log walking slowly , watching the dog carefully , still scared . 
 i waved him closer and kept a soothing hand on the dog 's head and he stopped in front of her . 
 she whined softly and wagged her tail . 
 tuck looked at me curiously and i bobbed my head to her . 
 he knelt and reached out a hand . 
 when she did n't growl or back away , he touched her fur and then stroked it softly . 
 `` she smells , '' he said . 
 i took my computer back from him and typed . 
 `` she 's got puppies close by . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 just close . 
 she 's starving . 
 do you have any food ? '' 
 he reached into his pocket . 
 `` just these peanut butter crackers . '' 
 he held them out to her and she sniffed , and then cautiously took one from his fingers . 
 he smiled big as she crunched it down . 
 the thoughts pouring from her mind were so basic and simple , easy to comprehend . 
 like talking to a three year old who pointed and said two word phrases . 
 she was so hungry . 
 tuck gave her all he had and stood . 
 she wanted more and looked back and forth between the two of us . 
 i showed her in my head that we would bring her more . 
 her puppies popped into her mind and she started to move away . 
 after a few steps she looked back . 
 she wanted us to follow . 
 `` come on , '' i typed to tuck and we followed her . 
 she moved quickly through the thick growth and would pause and wait while tuck and i fought through the brambles . 
 she had followed the little path for a bit but was now in the woods where no visible way could be seen . 
 she stopped at another fallen tree and then slipped under the upturned roots . 
 her puppies were curled up in a bed of leaves and they whimpered and whined when she disturbed them . 
 there were three of them . 
 tuck moved to grab one and she growled . 
 he pulled his hand back quick . 
 `` she 's not ready for us to touch them yet , '' i said . 
 `` they 're so little . '' 
 i nodded . 
 now that we knew where she was we could go and bring her something back . 
 `` let 's get her some food and come back , '' i typed . 
 `` i 've got left over pork chops at my house , '' tuck said . 
 `` she 'll like that . '' 
 i showed her that we would be back and she understood , getting comfortable and letting her puppies eat . 
 `` what should we call her ? '' 
 tuck said . 
 `` she used to have a family that called her vamp , but she never liked it . 
 they 're gone now . '' 
 `` where did they go ? '' 
 `` she does n't see things or think that way . 
 they 're just gone . '' 
 `` how about sadie ? '' 
 her ears perked up at the sound and i could see a comfort in her mind from it . 
 `` you like sadie ? '' 
 i sent to her . 
 the sound repeated in her head over and over . 
 `` she likes it , '' i typed . 
 `` sadie it is . '' 
 `` cool . 
 we 'll be back sadie . 
 we 'll be back . '' 
 we left her there with her babies and went to tuck 's house . 
 chapter 4 sadie we brought sadie the pork chops and she wolfed them down . 
 i had to tell her to go slower and she took her time . 
 as long as she understood that we were not going to take it away from her , she was able to relax . 
 the puppies were still so little , but they could waddle around and explore and sadie finally let tucker hold them and play . 
 she trusted me and i trusted him . 
 `` we have to keep her , '' tuck said . 
 `` we do n't own her , '' i told him . 
 `` she 's not a thing we can just keep . '' 
 `` people have dogs . 
 you know , as pets . '' 
 `` but she 's not ours . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i get it . 
 we 'll just take care of her . '' 
 tuck did n't understand and i could n't figure out a way to explain it to him so i just let it go . 
 `` i think we should name this one hawkins , '' tuck said . 
 he was holding up a male that was gray and white . 
 `` hawkins ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 like the sadie hawkins dance at school . '' 
 i did n't know what he was talking about but it sounded good to me . 
 `` this one could be jayne , '' he said holding up the all white female , `` and this one pepper . '' 
 the last being spotted . 
 `` i like it . 
 sadie likes the sound of their names too . '' 
 and she did , though her connection to them was more on a physical level . 
 she recognized them as more like small and warm and cold nose . 
 the small one was pepper , the warm one jayne and the cold one hawkins . 
 she licked his face as he fumbled around . 
 `` should we just leave them here ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 `` yes . 
 she knows how to protect them . 
 we 'll come bring her some food every day . '' 
 tuck nodded and scratched pepper behind the ears . 
 `` i like this one . '' 
 i rubbed sadie 's sides and showed her we were leaving and though she expressed little emotion , only on a very simple level , i could tell she was grateful for a full belly . 
 she felt safe and relief that her children might live now that she would get food . 
 we walked back through the woods , crawling under the thorns , and though i could navigate the dense , dark , opening now with no problem , i still felt confined and anxious as i passed through . 
 later in my life , i would recognize the claustrophobia for what it was . 
 my clothes were still damp from my dip in the creek and i was shivering in the chilly air . 
 tuck noticed and said i should get home . 
 i waved goodbye and walked into the house . 
 my mother was drunk on the couch and joey was eating a microwaved burrito in front of the tv . 
 my mother turned and saw me . 
 apparently i was filthy from my adventures for the day . 
 `` what the heck happened to you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she immediately saw my experiences for the day in my head and scowled . 
 joey had a grin on his face and a small dribble of burrito sauce on his chin . 
 `` what 'd he do ? '' 
 he asked `` they found a dog with puppies , '' she said , her words slurring . 
 `` you keep sadie outside , '' she added , seeing the name in my head . 
 `` i do n't want a mangy mutt in my house . '' 
 `` sadie ? '' 
 joey said . 
 `` that 's what they named her , '' mom said . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` cluck , or tuck , or whatever his name is , and linc . '' 
 she flapped a hand my way as if joey should know all this already . 
 in her drunken state she forgot that he was n't connected . 
 `` tucker , '' joey corrected , taking another huge bite of the burrito . 
 beans oozed out from the end and dropped onto his lap . 
 he scooped up the goo with his finger and plopped it in his mouth . 
 `` do n't get that crap on my chair , '' mom said . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 she made a noise in her throat , but did n't say any more . 
 i could see she did n't believe him . 
 `` where 's the dog now ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 i walked up to him and typed . 
 `` she 's in the woods . 
 she has puppies . '' 
 `` puppies ? 
 how many ? '' 
 `` three . 
 jayne , hawkins and pepper . '' 
 `` you named ` em already , huh ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` what kind of name is hawkins ? '' 
 i told him what tuck told me . 
 he nodded and kind of chuckled . 
 `` weird name for a dog , but i guess it 's cool . '' 
 mom saw something in my head and leaned forward , a look on her face that said , you did that ? 
 `` you connected with a dog ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` he can read animals ' minds ? '' 
 joey asked , the burrito pausing in its move from his lap to his mouth . 
 `` i guess so , '' she said . 
 `` i did n't know he could do that . '' 
 `` weird . '' 
 `` he 's not weird , '' my mother said , raising her voice . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm just saying ... '' kaylin , who was now seventeen , pushed the door open and stopped in the entrance . 
 she had been on a weekend trip for school and was seeing uncle joey for the first time . 
 her connection with us all let her see the situation almost immediately and she smiled . 
 joey 's aura did that flickering thing when he saw her and i wondered what was going through his head . 
 my mom , who was all about her old way of life , even after fourteen years of this , stood and introduced kaylin to joey . 
 she almost fell over in the process . 
 `` i got it , mom , '' kaylin said . 
 `` hi uncle joey . 
 i 'm kaylin . '' 
 `` wow mary , '' joey said . 
 `` this one 's a beauty . '' 
 as if i were now some hunchbacked creature who should be banished to the basement until the villagers came with pitchforks . 
 kaylin 's smile faltered a bit and i could see she was weirded out . 
 something passed between us and she relaxed . 
 ` joey was cool ' was basically what i sent her . 
 she would judge that for herself but took my word for it at the moment . 
 she really did n't like him banishing me to the basement either . 
 kaylin hung around for a few minutes , making small talk and then she went up to her room to do some homework . 
 i followed her . 
 `` was the trip fun ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it was okay . 
 now i have to write a stupid report on it . '' 
 i saw a face in her head , a boy , and the feelings that went with it were something entirely new for her . 
 she smiled . 
 `` his name is paul , '' she said , `` and yes , i like him . '' 
 `` he looks goofy . '' 
 `` he does not . '' 
 she threw a pillow at me and then sat on the bed . 
 my sister was learning some things about our telepathy over the past few months and could now keep mom and me from seeing some of the stuff she was thinking . 
 at the time , i was n't exactly sure how she did it , but i knew what i saw when she was doing it . 
 it was like this pink wall of noise and static . 
 if i concentrated , i could see glimpses through it . 
 she was doing it now . 
 `` how do you do that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` you know what i 'm talking about . 
 i ca n't see what you 're thinking . '' 
 `` it 's my mind . 
 i do n't want you in there right now . '' 
 `` but how do you do it ? '' 
 she cocked her head and shrugged . 
 `` i just think of a wall of noise . 
 i do n't know how i came up with the idea . 
 i just tried it and you could n't hear me . '' 
 `` what does mom say ? '' 
 `` she does n't even notice . 
 she 's too drunk to care . '' 
 i nodded and grew quiet . 
 she stood then and went to her desk where she grabbed her textbook and opened it up . 
 paul was sneaking through her pink wall of noise and i could see him holding her hand . 
 he was smiling . 
 `` you really like him , huh ? '' 
 `` i do . 
 but do n't tell mom . 
 she 'll just get mad at me . '' 
 i sent out a feeler to mom and she was asleep , dreaming about puppies . 
 `` i have a friend now , '' i volunteered since she did n't ask about tucker . 
 `` i see that . 
 tucker . 
 and you found a dog with puppies . 
 they 're cute . '' 
 she smiled again and took my hand . 
 `` you 're right to tell tucker that she and her children are n't objects to own . 
 she 'll stay around with her puppies without you asking her too . 
 she 'll trust you . '' 
 `` i like her . 
 she 's different than you or mom . '' 
 `` what 's it like in her head ? '' 
 `` you can meet her tomorrow if you want and see . '' 
 `` it 's a date . '' 
 she let my hand go and kind of dismissed me . 
 i looked at her closely for a moment longer , her aura a bright purple mixed with white at the fringe , and then i walked out of her room . 
 she kept the noise wall up and thought of things i could n't see . 
 i did n't know if i liked that . 
 we had always shared everything and now i felt as if she were slipping away , growing older and finding her own place . 
 i was n't worried that she would leave like dad , i just wondered if she would find the solitude something she enjoyed more than sharing with me . 
 i hoped not , though i had a feeling it was beginning to be important to her . 
 just like mom . 
 * * * the next morning i woke to find something touching my mind . 
 i sat up in bed , not sure what it was i felt . 
 i did n't recognize the presence at first , and then i smiled inside . 
 sadie was outside and hungry . 
 i jumped up and went to the fridge , digging through the junk to find something that i could give her . 
 mom must have felt it too because she came downstairs and went to the cupboard . 
 she pulled out a can of beef stew and put it in the can opener . 
 `` give her this , '' she said . 
 i smiled inside to her and gave her a hug . 
 she hugged back , but then told me the mutt had to stay outside . 
 i promised she would . 
 sadie knew what i was bringing her and her mouth hung open when i opened the door and stepped outside . 
 she was drooling . 
 i set the bowl of stew on the step and rubbed her mangy coat while she ate . 
 my mom came to the door and sat on the step . 
 sadie looked up once and then went back to eating . 
 `` i do n't know if i like seeing what a dog 's thinking , '' mom said . 
 `` it 's kind of weird . '' 
 it was different , but i liked her . 
 `` she needs a bath , bad , '' mom said , and got up . 
 `` i do n't know if she 'll let us wash her . '' 
 `` you 're the one who connected with her . 
 tell her she 's getting a bath if she wants to hang out here . '' 
 `` but her puppies ... '' `` they can wait . '' 
 mom went in to rummage for some soap and the big washtub and sadie looked happy at the thought of being clean . 
 she missed being taken care of by humans . 
 she made me feel her urgency though . 
 she did n't want to leave her puppies for very long . 
 `` we have to be quick , '' i sent to my mom and she picked up the pace of her searching even though she told me to be patient . 
 sadie stood in the big washtub and let me scrub her down . 
 the dirt washed off in black , grungy eddies and we had to rinse her off and scrub her twice . 
 when we were finished , she did n't wait for us to towel her off . 
 she jumped from the tub , shook a lot of the water off , and ran toward the creek . 
 she stopped after a few feet and turned . 
 she showed me gratitude in her head and then she turned and was gone . 
 `` well , i 'll be damned , '' mom said . 
 `` that dog just said ` thank you . '' ' 
 she smiled and told me to clean up the mess . 
 i did as i was told and dragged the tub and soap back inside and wrapped up the hose on the faucet . 
 by then , kaylin was up and getting ready for school . 
 uncle joey was dead to the world on the couch . 
 mom went and shook him awake . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said , sitting halfway up and looking around dazed . 
 `` time for you to look for a job , '' she said . 
 `` i 've been looking . '' 
 he rolled away from her and buried his head under the thin sheet that covered him . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` before i got here . 
 there 's nothing out there . '' 
 `` you 're not going to lie around on your ass all day . 
 it 'll be good for you to get out . '' 
 `` i 'll get out . 
 me and linc will play football . '' 
 `` after you look for a job . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` yes , mom . '' 
 `` stop with the sarcasm . 
 i love you joey , but i need your help too . 
 anything to help put food on the table . '' 
 he sat up and rubbed his face . 
 `` got it , '' he said . 
 `` food on the table . '' 
 he stood and headed for the shower , tousling my hair as he passed . 
 `` football later , kid . '' 
 joey stalked up the stairs and disappeared . 
 a minute later kaylin squealed as joey barged into the bathroom . 
 `` dammit , joey , '' mom yelled . 
 `` you ca n't just open a bathroom door without knocking in a house with a teenage girl . '' 
 `` sorry , '' he yelled from the stair . 
 kaylin was pissed . 
 she slammed the door in his face and cursed in her head . 
 she was n't a big fan of joey 's already . 
 an hour later i was on my own , as usual , in front of the computer studying ` stuff . ' 
 mom did n't worry about leaving me alone . 
 i behaved and never left the house . 
 she did n't have a rule that said i could n't leave , i 'd never had a reason to before and she assumed i never would . 
 after putzing around on the computer for an hour , i grew bored . 
 tucker was at school and would n't be home until after two , so i could n't hang out with him . 
 i wandered the house looking into empty rooms and checking in open closets , not sure why i suddenly felt so restless . 
 my home schooling provided me with tools to see the wide world , the tv and the computer my usual escapes , but today , though i never had issues with it before , they all seemed the same . 
 the same internet sites , the same software programs , the same tv shows . 
 i put my jacket on and grabbed the key off the hook by the front door . 
 closing and locking it behind me , i looked around the neighborhood and paused . 
 not a single soul was in sight and the street felt like a ghost town . 
 shoving my hands in my pockets , i stepped from my porch and headed for the creek . 
 sadie would keep me company . 
 without tucker or joey , the outside world just was n't the same . 
 the sky was cloudy and it made the landscape even grayer than it normally appeared to me . 
 a wind blew leaves and crumpled pieces of paper down the street and i kicked at them as i walked . 
 the air had that bitter , burnt tire smell and i could see the re-tread place belching black smoke into the sky on the other side of the trees in front of me . 
 an occasional hollow , metallic ring would whisper in my ears and then the wind would whip it away . 
 cold industrial sounds to accompany the cold day . 
 a man stepped from his open door and bent to the paper in his small , shriveled yard . 
 he paused , bent over like that , as he caught sight of me . 
 he straightened quickly and stared . 
 i guess he 'd never seen someone without a face before . 
 duh . 
 i waved and he waved back half-heartedly , stunned into reacting without thinking . 
 he was probably too busy freaking out over my lack of facial features to even realize it . 
 he stepped back inside the door , but watched me pass him by . 
 i could feel him staring for a while . 
 maybe he was worried i would come back and make him touch my blank face . 
 i crawled through the opening in the brambles and followed the path until it melted into the underbrush . 
 sadie was in her spot with her babies and she sensed me coming . 
 when i found the little cave under the fallen tree , she wagged her tail and came up to me . 
 i bent and she licked my face . 
 `` i 'm happy to see you too , girl . '' 
 the puppies were moving around in their nest and their eyes had opened up . 
 they were wobbling along pretty well and one of them found my shoe and started to gnaw on it . 
 i picked hawkins up and scratched his ears . 
 he chewed on my finger with tiny needle-like teeth . 
 the other two , jayne and pepper , wandered over and sniffed around me . 
 sadie was happy . 
 i played with the pups for a while and spent some time ` talking ' with sadie . 
 it was like my mom said . 
 weird . 
 but i liked her and she liked me . 
 if i could show you her thoughts , say on a computer screen , you would see things a three or four year old might see , but also with a maturity the four year old would n't have . 
 you could get your point across most of the time and carry on a pretty simple conversation , but most of their communication is based on body language and feelings . 
 she would get confused at times , but for the most part , understood me . 
 she tensed . 
 i could feel the adrenalin start to pump in her system , but did n't know what she had heard or seen . 
 she moved closer to her puppies and then started to growl , low in her throat . 
 i stroked her fur and she stopped , but looked up at me . 
 `` he comes , '' she said . 
 i saw a picture in her mind of another dog . 
 a male . 
 the father , though they did n't think of themselves as mother and father . 
 they did n't even know how the puppies came about . 
 i could see the act in her head . 
 she did n't want him here . 
 she was focused on the forest to my left when she bolted from my hands and charged into the underbrush , barking and growling furiously . 
 `` leave ! 
 leave ! 
 leave ! '' 
 she was saying . 
 i had still not seen the other dog and the puppies were nervous too because they could sense their mother 's agitation . 
 they whined at my feet . 
 a huge black dog , maybe a rottweiler , burst from the woods behind me and stopped . 
 its head was lowered and its eyes focused on me as it growled deep in its throat . 
 sadie came up behind it and attacked . 
 the rottweiler spun and tore into sadie , the two whirling as teeth gnashed and claws flew . 
 i 'm not exactly sure what happened . 
 a kind of redness tinged the fringes of my vision , the gray of my sight focusing to a small tunnel of light with sadie and the rottweiler at the center . 
 that tingling ran from deep in my back to the tips of my fingers , on both hands , and vibrated my hands to where they felt itchy . 
 sadie was pinned beneath the rottweiler , his teeth sunk into her neck as they growled and barked in the deadly battle . 
 one second he was on top of her , the next he was floating in the air above her , his frightened yelp loud enough to penetrate the fog that was my mind . 
 everything became crystal clear in that moment . 
 the trees and shrubs showed their vibrant green to me , the ground a deep , rich black , sadie , red leaking from small wounds on her flesh , dotting her fur in shiny bright beads that looked like jewelry , the rottweiler , his black coat mangy in spots with scarlet droplets of blood spraying off his fur as he shook . 
 i saw my hands , held out in front of me , the fingertips pulsating ever so slightly . 
 i did n't remember raising them from my sides . 
 an anger built deep inside me , a feeling that i needed to protect these babies no matter what . 
 that i would die before i would let anything happen to them . 
 all this happened in a split second and so did the next thing . 
 i whipped my hands sideways and the rottweiler flew through the air and slammed into a tree , where it fell in a heap at the base and howled in pain . 
 it stood , looked once more at me in fear and then limped off rapidly into the woods . 
 i felt the feeling pass . 
 they were safe . 
 i felt weak . 
 my legs gave out and i sank to the moist earth and held myself up with my hands . 
 i was panting . 
 sadie came over and licked my face , and then she went to her puppies and licked each one . 
 she was relieved when none of them were hurt . 
 they whimpered and squeaked at her feet and she nudged them back into their nest . 
 she nestled in close and they moved in to feed , the adrenalin leaving her bloodstream as she relaxed . 
 i sat there , spent , my own adrenalin not as quick to return to its normal levels , but the world going back to its shades of gray , sadie and the puppies the only color in my sight . 
 i sat and thought about what had just happened . 
 a small smile of wonder formed in my head and i looked at my hands , which shook slightly in front of me . 
 what had i just done ? 
 * * * when tuck came home i rushed over and told him what happened . 
 i asked him if he had any disinfectant in his house and he grabbed a bottle of peroxide and some cotton balls and we went to sadie 's tree . 
 she came out to greet us and i cleaned her wounds as she whimpered . 
 tuck played with the puppies . 
 `` is she going to be all right ? '' 
 he asked , pepper playfully growling like a bug as tuck wiggled his fingers at her paws , the puppy lying on its back and pawing at them . 
 `` she 's sore , '' i typed , `` but i think she 'll be okay . 
 this bite is pretty bad . '' 
 i pointed to a spot on her neck that i was cleaning . 
 the peroxide foamed as it did its thing . 
 `` maybe i should take her home for a couple of nights , '' tuck said . 
 `` she wo n't let you . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` she wo n't leave the puppies . '' 
 `` we take the puppies too . '' 
 `` she wo n't do it . 
 she feels safer here . '' 
 tuck shrugged . 
 he wanted to help , but sadie did n't like it in humans ' houses . 
 that 's where the bad stuff happened . 
 i got her cleaned up pretty well and she went to tuck and licked his hand . 
 `` she licked me . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` she trusts you . '' 
 `` she does ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` do n't give her any reason not to and she will always trust you . 
 more than your mom even . '' 
 he did n't seem to grasp that and maybe i did n't either . 
 it was just a feeling i had with her . 
 that there was nothing now that could break us apart . 
 nothing that she could not forgive . 
 at least nothing that i could see at that moment . 
 `` she needs to rest , '' i typed . 
 `` come on . '' 
 tuck did n't want to leave the puppies , but he stood and we walked through the woods to the log that crossed the creek . 
 we climbed it and sat on its smooth surface , the water gurgling past beneath our feet . 
 `` show me what you did with the big dog , '' tuck said . 
 `` it 's not like that . '' 
 `` what ? 
 you have to turn it on or something ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it just happened . '' 
 `` that 's weird . '' 
 i nodded . 
 he was silent for a moment . 
 `` why wo n't you let me do that thing with you ? 
 you know , so i could read your mind ? '' 
 i had n't thought about it since that first day . 
 i grabbed his wrist and pulled it slowly to my face . 
 i paused just before he touched me . 
 he nodded . 
 his palm rested gently on my skin and i let my mind open to him . 
 he gasped and almost pulled away , but i held his wrist firmly . 
 i did n't know what would happen if someone severed the connection while it was happening . 
 his world filled my head and mine his and he started to weep . 
 if i could cry , tears would be falling down my cheeks too . 
 it was very powerful . 
 i let his hand fall to his lap and watched him . 
 he wiped the tears from his face , embarrassed and then grinned . 
 `` you can remember stuff in your mom 's womb . 
 that is freaky . '' 
 i nodded and laughed inside my head . 
 he laughed out loud too , the tension leaving . 
 `` i can read your mind , '' he said . 
 `` this is so weird . '' 
 `` this is between you and me . 
 a bond that i do n't think can ever be broken . 
 do n't tell anyone . '' 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 `` you do n't have to use your voice now if you do n't want to . 
 it takes some getting used to . 
 my mom always says what she wants too . '' 
 he talked in my head . 
 `` i can see you did the same thing to your dad when you were little . 
 like the dog . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` it 's when you 're angry . 
 you do n't see that ? '' 
 i did n't . 
 it was something that happened inside and maybe i could n't look at myself from outside and see . 
 `` you were angry at them putting that needle in your neck so you just reacted . 
 you were angry at the rottweiler . 
 and scared too . 
 it 's almost like a defense mechanism . '' 
 he paused and i could feel little fingers probing around my memory . 
 my sister would do this sometimes and it always tickled . 
 not physically , but kind of a tickling in my head . 
 `` sadie ! '' 
 tuck said , excited . 
 `` sadie helped . 
 she kind of became a part of you . 
 or you her . 
 i do n't know . 
 it 's too hard to see . 
 but something happened where you were thinking her thoughts and feeling what she was feeling . '' 
 `` i remember feeling this overwhelming sense that i had to protect the puppies . 
 no matter what . 
 that must have been from her . '' 
 `` yes . 
 you see ? '' 
 `` some . 
 i kind of grayed out . '' 
 `` but then you saw everything in color . '' 
 `` i did , did n't i ? 
 that was pretty cool . 
 i do n't ever see things in color except people and animals . '' 
 `` try it , '' tuck said . 
 `` try it ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 see if you can make that rock move . '' 
 he pointed . 
 i stuck my hand out like an idiot and concentrated . 
 nothing happened . 
 `` think about when you were mad . '' 
 `` i 'm trying . 
 it 's not working . '' 
 `` what about the football . 
 you 're doing it when you throw the football . '' 
 `` i know , but that 's different . 
 weaker . 
 it 's only a football . '' 
 `` maybe you need to build it up , like a muscle . '' 
 he made sense . 
 `` pretend you 're throwing the football . '' 
 i pulled my arm back and thought of the ball . 
 the leather , laces , and the smell of shoes and dirt and grass . 
 the ball became a vision in my hand and i could feel the tingling in my shoulder and arm start up . 
 tuck could feel it too . 
 i swung my arm forward as if i were throwing the ball and ended with my fingers pointing at the small boulder . 
 it wiggled in the mud and then grew still . 
 tuck turned to me and smiled . 
 we spent the next hour trying to get things to move and tuck probing my head . 
 we went and got the football and i practiced throwing it to him as he caught . 
 we found that it was growing stronger the more i used it . 
 joey came home and saw us playing . 
 he walked over and signaled for me to throw him the ball . 
 i gave it a bit extra zing and he caught it , shaking his hand afterward as if it stung . 
 he eyed me . 
 `` what are you losers up to ? '' 
 `` linc is throwing me the ball , '' tuck said , his innocence clearly showing . 
 `` no shit , sherlock , '' joey said and grinned . 
 tuck shrunk at his comment and then just brushed it aside . 
 his dad had been like that too and i guess he was used to it . 
 i wondered if all older men were the same . 
 joey focused his attention back on me and said , `` that ball had some umph to it . 
 can you do it again ? '' 
 i nodded and he tossed the ball back to me . 
 without another word , he took off running and i set my feet to throw . 
 the now familiar tingle started up without even thinking about it and i let the ball fly . 
 he ran under it easily and pulled it from the air , slowing to a jog as the ball settled into the crook of his arm . 
 tuck raised his hands in the familiar ` touchdown ' signal and did a short dance . 
 `` you 're getting more accurate , '' joey yelled . 
 he threw the ball back at me . 
 `` try and hit my knee . 
 i 'll stand still . '' 
 i focused on his knee and threw the ball . 
 it missed by a foot and bounced away . 
 he walked over and threw it back . 
 `` again . '' 
 i zoned in on a spot on his jeans . 
 a faded area over his knee that looked scuffed and worn . 
 that tunnel vision thing slowly happened and i could feel the pulsations build in my back and shoulder . 
 i smiled inside and let the ball fly . 
 it left my fingers in a blur and struck joey 's knee with a ` thwack . ' 
 he bent over and grabbed it , hopping on the other leg , clearly in pain . 
 his aura started flickering to that black color again . 
 `` damn . 
 damn . 
 damn . '' 
 he sat on the ground and nursed his knee as he eyed me . 
 tuck glanced at me worried . 
 the blackness all around joey had turned ominous and pulsed outward with each beat of his heart . 
 `` what the hell , man , '' joey yelled . 
 `` are you trying to hurt me ? '' 
 i shook my head , scared i may have done just that . 
 i walked up to him despite the fear and pulled out my computer to type . 
 he knocked it out of my hand as i knelt to show him . 
 `` i do n't want to look at that stupid thing . '' 
 `` he was saying he was sorry , '' tuck said a few feet away . 
 `` what ? 
 you 're talking for him now ? 
 that freakin ' hurt . 
 you did that on purpose . '' 
 `` you told him to aim for your knee , '' tuck said . 
 `` but i did n't tell him to throw it like a missile . '' 
 he worked the joint back and forth , wincing . 
 `` he 's learning . '' 
 i went over and picked up my pocket computer and brushed the dead grass off of the screen . 
 i showed joey the screen again . 
 he looked at it and then looked at me , the blackness starting to recede from around him . 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 i see it . 
 all right , so you 're sorry . '' 
 `` he 's learning , '' tuck repeated . 
 joey eyed him and then looked back at me . 
 `` what 's with you two ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he figured it out in the next beat . 
 `` you let him touch you ? '' 
 tucker glanced at me again and i nodded . 
 joey stood , walking around slowly . 
 his knee seemed to be working , but stiff . 
 `` maybe you should learn to be more selective about who you 're letting in . '' 
 tuck questioned me in my head , but i was n't about to let joey decide who i let in and who i did n't . 
 `` i 'd pick you , '' i typed and showed it to him . 
 he stared at me . 
 `` you do n't want in my head , kid . '' 
 he limped away and we watched him leave . 
 he flapped his hand back at us , but did n't turn around . 
 `` keep practicing . 
 i 'm having a beer . '' 
 tuck and i threw the ball back and forth until the light started to fade and my mom came home . 
 joey had come back out with a beer in his hand and sat on our front porch watching . 
 he had ice on his knee . 
 my mother sat with him for a minute and they were probably talking about his knee . 
 i could n't read her from where i was . 
 i told tuck to stay put and i walked over to them and sat . 
 she saw everything that had happened that day and frowned at me . 
 `` you 've been outside all day , '' she said , knowing full well that i had . 
 i never understood why she continued to play these games . 
 maybe she just could n't get over trying to be a ` normal ' parent even though we both knew that ` normal ' was never going to happen in this household . 
 i did n't even answer . 
 she saw the episode with sadie and the rottweiler and then me letting tuck in . 
 she frowned and looked up at him down the street . 
 she was n't sure if she wanted any more ` beings ' in our intimate little circle . 
 she tried , but could n't read tuck at this distance . 
 `` it 's okay , mom . 
 he 's my friend . '' 
 she returned her gaze to me and her face softened . 
 `` i know . 
 hopefully he 's not a weirdo . '' 
 joey guessed at our conversation and chuckled . 
 `` he 's probably the only normal one around here , '' he said . 
 my mom smiled and i did too in my own way . 
 she got up to make dinner and realized that kaylin was not home . 
 `` do you know where my daughter is ? '' 
 she asked her brother , an edge to her voice . 
 `` how should i know ? 
 i 'm not her keeper . '' 
 she scowled and then looked out into the small world that was our neighborhood . 
 as if she could see her in some distant place . 
 she saw what i was thinking and looked down at me again . 
 `` a boy , huh ? '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` how has she been hiding that ? 
 i guess the older teenager and i get to have a talk . '' 
 she opened the door and went inside . 
 dinner was going to be meatloaf . 
 too bad i had no idea how that tasted . 
 i fingered the tube in my nostril absently . 
 joey eyed me . 
 `` it has to suck not to be able to eat or taste anything . '' 
 i shrugged and typed . 
 `` i do n't miss it . 
 i 've never had it . '' 
 he thought about this and stared off into the fading light . 
 i typed that tuck and i were going to check on sadie before it got too dark . 
 he waved his hand at me and sipped his beer . 
 my mother heard and told me to only be gone a minute . 
 it was getting dark . 
 tuck and i ran to the creek and found sadie and her pups resting in their home . 
 she whined at us softly and i touched her gently . 
 she was pretty sore . 
 the puppies stirred and then grew quiet . 
 i told her i 'd see her tomorrow . 
 `` that was even weirder than you , '' tuck said as we walked back in the dark . 
 `` she 's cool though . 
 i 'm glad we found her . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 `` will i be able to hear you from my house ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 `` no . 
 it 's too far . '' 
 `` good . 
 i do n't think i could sleep if you were in my head all the time . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` you 'll get used to it . '' 
 he stopped . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i nodded at my new friend , my only friend , and then went home . 
 as i got closer i could hear my mother and kaylin arguing . 
 it was going to be a fun night . 
 * * * over the next few weeks , tuck and i played football every day and joey usually played with us when he was n't out looking for a job or doing whatever else he did . 
 we saw sadie every day and she healed up quickly . 
 the rottweiler never returned . 
 the puppies were getting bigger and more mobile . 
 on a day that was bright , sunny and warm for december , sadie walked out of the woods with hawkins , jayne and pepper in tow behind her . 
 tucker yelled and cheered and we ran to them . 
 joey stood there and watched . 
 after a few minutes of seeing us wrestle and play with them , he walked over and sat down . 
 sadie growled low in her throat , but i told her it was all right . 
 she backed down . 
 `` your dog does n't like me , '' joey said . 
 `` she 's not our dog , '' tuck said . 
 `` she 's a friend . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 your friend does n't like me . '' 
 `` she does n't know you . '' 
 `` i 'm here everyday . '' 
 `` but you do n't try to know her . '' 
 i could n't help but think that tuck was growing wiser every day . 
 pepper went up to joey and started attacking his shoelace . 
 he chuckled and reached down to pet her with his fingers . 
 she growled playfully and then barked at him in voice that made tucker laugh . 
 `` pepper likes you , '' tuck said . 
 `` what kind of name is pepper ? '' 
 `` look at her , '' tuck said , matter-of-factly , like joey was a fool or something . 
 joey gave him a look that said , ` watch it , kid . ' 
 tuck looked away . 
 joey scratched pepper 's spotted fur behind the ears and let her chew on his laces . 
 hawkins trotted over and attacked his sister . 
 they wrestled at his feet . 
 joey picked hawkins up and sadie woofed at him in a low voice . 
 `` i 'm not gon na hurt him , '' joey said . 
 sadie swayed from side to side on her front feet but did n't rise up from her sitting position . 
 she licked her lips and whined . 
 joey brought hawkins up to his face . 
 `` this little guy is rambunctious . '' 
 `` that 's hawkins . '' 
 `` you should call him hawk . 
 it 's tougher . '' 
 we went back to playing football while sadie watched us and her pups . 
 they roamed around the lot but stayed close to her . 
 pepper was the curious one and sadie would have to scold her with a single woof to call her back from wherever she wandered to . 
 jayne and hawkins were never more than a few feet away . 
 joey and tuck were playing like they were covering one another as i threw the ball to tuck . 
 joey with his height advantage would knock the ball down almost every time . 
 he seemed to enjoy it . 
 until tuck and i started working together in our heads . 
 tuck would line up next to me with joey matched up against him on the line . 
 i 'd hike the ball and tuck would juke around joey and run as fast as he good . 
 joey could catch him easily , but then i 'd send to tuck `` left , now ! '' 
 and throw the ball at the same time . 
 the ball would meet him almost instantly and joey would be left off in space , wondering what had happened . 
 he figured it out after a few times . 
 `` you two are talking to each other in your heads , are n't you ? '' 
 i nodded and he grinned . 
 he was thinking . 
 `` this could be cool . 
 you guys have a huge advantage over anybody else on the field . 
 you two could be stars with a little more practice . '' 
 tuck and i looked at each other . 
 `` we just want to play , '' he said . 
 `` sure you do . 
 but with your mind melding stuff , you could be the captain kirk and spock of football . 
 you 'd be better than everybody else . '' 
 we lined up again and joey stayed with tuck for a little longer , but tuck moved when i told him to and the ball was perfectly thrown , waiting for him when he turned around . 
 only he did n't turn around and the ball sailed past him . 
 he had stopped and was staring at his house . 
 `` what the heck , dude ? '' 
 joey said and turned to see what he was looking at . 
 a car had pulled up to tuck 's house and sat there idling . 
 whoever was inside was just sitting there . 
 tuck stood there , his mind in a whirl and then he started to move toward the car . 
 his dad . 
 he thought it was his dad . 
 a woman stepped from the house and walked briskly to the car as the door opened . 
 i 'd never met tuck 's mom , but i knew it was her from his reaction . 
 she looked angry . 
 a big , overweight man got out of the car . 
 he and his mom started yelling at each other immediately . 
 tuck ran to them . 
 things happened very fast after that . 
 tuck 's mom and dad were screaming at each other about girlfriends and drinking and him leaving and money and all tuck wanted to do was hug his dad . 
 he ran up to him and put his arms around his waist , so glad to see him . 
 his dad , the anger rolling off of him in red waves , pushed his son away where he stumbled and fell to the ground . 
 his mother , shocked , hauled off and slapped him . 
 the big man hit her back . 
 hard . 
 with his fist . 
 joey dropped the football and ran over . 
 `` hey ! 
 you ! 
 yeah , you lardass . 
 you want to hit little kids and women ? 
 how about you hit me . '' 
 `` screw you , prick , '' the man said . 
 `` mind your own business . '' 
 `` this is my business , '' and joey 's fist smashed into the guy 's face . 
 he staggered and then regained his feet swinging at joey who ducked . 
 tuck was on his feet and yelling `` no ! 
 no ! 
 no ! '' 
 as he grabbed on to joey 's waist trying to pull him away from his father . 
 his mother was on the ground stunned and bleeding from a cut on her lip . 
 i stood there , the gray growing deeper and my vision narrowing to a small round space . 
 i could feel sadie as she reacted to tuck 's distress . 
 she left her pups and ran to tuck . 
 tuck 's dad swung again and connected with joey who was rocked backward , but recovered quickly . 
 `` dammit ! '' 
 joey yelled , as tuck 's dad ducked inside the car and came out with something in his hand . 
 joey froze . 
 it was a gun . 
 `` i do n't know who you are , '' tuck 's father said , `` but if you do n't get out of here , i 'll blow a hole in your gut . '' 
 sadie was there now , barking and growling , but she stood her ground . 
 her mind could not be penetrated . 
 the animal instinct to defend was so strong that i could n't get through . 
 she was on auto-pilot and there was nothing i could do to stop her . 
 `` you 're a damn pussy , '' joey said . 
 `` yeah , but this pussy has a gun , '' he grinned . 
 `` and it 's pointed at you . '' 
 my foot kicked the ball as i slowly approached and i picked it up . 
 `` you do n't have the balls , '' joey said . 
 `` keep at it and find out , prick . '' 
 i could see the man 's color and it was black . 
 like joey 's . 
 only it had a fringe of red . 
 it shimmered as it grew . 
 he was going to shoot . 
 sadie must have sensed this from me . 
 maybe something was still getting through because she lunged at the man and at the same time i let the ball fly . 
 it struck the gun in his hand and knocked it to the ground just as sadie jumped to his chest and went for his throat . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 tuck 's dad batted at sadie and tried to push her down . 
 tuck was screaming . 
 `` sadie ! 
 stop ! 
 stop ! '' 
 tuck 's mom had come to her senses and grabbed the pistol that had fallen close to her . 
 she stood and pointed it at her husband . 
 sadie backed off now , a growl low in her throat as i was able to get through to her and tell her to stop . 
 `` leave , '' tuck 's mom said in a low voice . 
 `` now . '' 
 she was deadly serious , her aura that awful black color too . 
 tuck 's father raised his hands and slipped into the car . 
 it started and he drove away rapidly without another word . 
 tuck chased after for a bit calling to him . 
 `` dad ! 
 dad ! 
 do n't leave . 
 wait ! '' 
 he sank to his knees in the middle of the street and cried . 
 his father never returned again . 
 chapter 5 molly late january and the weather in north florida had finally grown colder . 
 a few snow flurries had even fallen at the beginning of the month , but nothing stuck to the ground . 
 it was pretty rare to get snow here . 
 the puppies were almost ten weeks old and were just about self-sufficient . 
 they were growing larger every day and though my mom griped about feeding four dogs -lrb- she bought a big bag of dog food every week -rrb- , she loved them all and smiled whenever she was around them . 
 maybe she had gotten over the ` weirdness ' of seeing into their heads . 
 there was something calming about their simple thoughts and simple nature and i think she actually drank less during those months . 
 and they were the only things that saved tuck . 
 every day he grew a little less down and thought about that day in december a little less , too . 
 it was still in his mind , but time was healing him and helping him to forget . 
 his mother too . 
 that first week after his dad showed up , he stayed in his house and would n't come out . 
 i would even sit on his front porch to get in range and send him my thoughts but he was shut down . 
 he would tell me to go away . 
 i listened . 
 at least for the first two days . 
 then i started bringing sadie and the puppies in range and they helped . 
 he could see into all their minds with me there and though he pretended not to care , he listened to what was going on in their small little heads . 
 the smell of everything around them , a small bug climbing on a blade of dead grass , a leftover ice cream wrapper with some chocolate still left to lick , their tails , which were fun and frustrating to try and catch . 
 he actually smiled at this . 
 on the sixth day , he came out and we played catch . 
 it was then that i knew he would be all right . 
 joey was growing frustrated and bored . 
 his search for a job was getting no where and he needed to find things to do to keep from going crazy . 
 christmas was now a month over and tucker was back in school as was kaylin . 
 a lot of days it was just him and me in front of the tv . 
 `` let 's go to the zoo , '' he said on a monday and jumped up from the lounge chair . 
 `` come on , kid . '' 
 i 'd never been so it sounded fun to me . 
 arriving at the jacksonville zoo and gardens , joey grumbled that it looked crowded and he could n't understand what all the people were doing here with school in session . 
 then , we saw all the school busses and he cursed . 
 `` maybe we should come back another day , '' he said . 
 `` it will be all right , '' i typed . 
 `` i want to see the monkeys . '' 
 he nodded and we got in line . 
 i was the usual attention magnet , what with the school kids all in their same school t-shirts and their teachers and chaperones staring . 
 lots pointed and giggled and even some of the younger ones turned away in fear . 
 joey scowled . 
 he did n't like all the attention . 
 `` maybe this was a bad idea , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm used to it . '' 
 `` they should mind their own business . '' 
 `` they 're just curious . 
 they 've never seen anybody like me . '' 
 i waved at a group of little girls who were pointing and they squealed and giggled . 
 i could n't hear what they were saying , but i 'm sure it was n't flattering . 
 the teacher walked up and scolded them . 
 they turned away . 
 a boy of about six walked up and tugged on joey 's pants . 
 `` hey mister . 
 what 's wrong with him ? '' 
 joey bent over lower and smiled . 
 `` he 's from another planet . 
 neptune , actually . 
 but be careful , he has teeth that you ca n't see and sometimes he gets hungry when i 'm not watching . '' 
 the kid backed off as i reached for him . 
 i thought i could calm him down . 
 he started to cry and then ran off to a man who was buying tickets in the line ahead of us . 
 the guy looked down at the little boy as he pointed to us and the man frowned . 
 he finished paying and walked over with the kid hiding behind his legs . 
 `` you scaring my kid ? '' 
 `` your kid should learn to mind his own business , '' joey said . 
 `` he 's just a kid . 
 maybe you should keep your freak at home . '' 
 joey 's aura did n't flicker this time . 
 one second it was orange , the next , pitch black . 
 it almost covered him completely . 
 `` yeah , '' the guy said . 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 joey 's arm shot out faster than i would have imagined and grabbed the guy 's shirt . 
 he yanked him closer , his face inches from the other guy 's . 
 `` it 's like i told your kid , '' joey said in a low voice , `` i 'd be careful around him . 
 he can do things you and i ca n't . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 the guy whispered , his eyes rolling downward toward me . 
 i raised my hand and wiggled my fingers toward the guy 's head and the familiar tingle started up in my back . 
 i concentrated and reined it in a bit . 
 his hair rose up on its ends and every strand stuck out from his head like he was being electrocuted . 
 he could feel it and his eyes rolled up trying to see . 
 joey kept his face a few inches from his . 
 `` he 's teasing you now . 
 do n't piss him off . '' 
 the guy nodded , his mouth open and the fear clearly on his face . 
 some of the school kids were laughing and pointing again . 
 i relaxed and his hair returned to normal . 
 joey let him go . 
 `` sorry , '' the guy said and grabbed his kid 's hand . 
 he walked away . 
 `` yeah , '' joey said to his back . 
 `` keep walking . '' 
 joey bent to me and said , `` that was awesome . '' 
 he stood up straight and grinned . 
 `` maybe this will be fun . '' 
 `` i did n't like scaring him , '' i typed . 
 `` it did n't stop you . '' 
 `` i did n't want you to get beat up . '' 
 `` i can take care of myself . '' 
 i believed him , but still worried . 
 i hoped the rest of the day would be better than it had started . 
 joey paid and we walked in through the gates . 
 the place was beautiful ; a jungle-like atmosphere with exotic plants and trees that gave the feeling of being in some far off country . 
 weird palm trees and bamboo sprouted in beds with ferns and flowering bushes lining the walkways . 
 even in the cool of the january air . 
 the school kids were everywhere , running around excited and cheery , their lunch bags swinging and their eyes lit with excitement . 
 i was excited too . 
 the place seemed to have an electricity about it that i had never felt before . 
 maybe it was just anticipation , but it felt like something else . 
 we passed a closed in area , netting high up in the trees , little spots of bright colors from the birds that were squawking and fluttering around inside . 
 their auras were beautiful little globes of brightness that shimmered as they moved . 
 i stood at the edge and gawked . 
 `` let 's go in , '' joey said and tugged my shirt . 
 we pushed through a swinging door and parted a plastic hanging curtain that i assumed kept the birds from escaping . 
 inside , the birds were everywhere . 
 flamingos , parrots , ducks , swans , storks , finches , and little brown birds that were probably just common to the florida ecosystem but had found their way inside . 
 the noise was deafening and joey had to raise his voice above the din . 
 `` hope they do n't crap on me . '' 
 he grinned . 
 one bird flew past , close to my head , and i felt the little puff of air from its wings . 
 joey ducked . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 we stopped on a bridge that overlooked most of the area and took it all in . 
 the birds seemed to grow more active as we stood and joey pointed at a huge black stork with an ugly flap of skin hanging from his beak like a turkey . 
 it had spread its wings and was taking flight . 
 the wingspan was easily eight feet . 
 it circled and then landed in the little stream directly in front of us . 
 it cast an unblinking eye at me . 
 other birds began to settle in front of us and as they landed they grew quiet , the din of the cage growing softer by the second . 
 another stork landed , then a flamingo . 
 two parrots settled down right on the railing next to us . 
 people in the cage were starting to congregate around us , their voices raised in excitement . 
 more birds landed and it seemed as if the whole sanctuary was encircling us , the beaks and eyes of all the birds quiet and staring . 
 joey looked around rapidly , a worried look on his face . 
 he whispered , `` are you doing this ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 at least i did n't think so . 
 the whole aviary was now silent and the people around silent as well with the exception of one lone baby crying and a girl asking her mommy if they could leave . 
 the birds stared . 
 waiting . 
 it was creepy . 
 a small bird landed on my shoulder and i flinched but it stayed . 
 it squawked in my ear and then grew silent too . 
 i reached up slowly and put my hand out . 
 it stepped onto my fingers and i brought it down in front of me . 
 people whispered louder and some cooed and awed . 
 a tingling ran down my arm to my finger as the bird ruffled its feathers and turned its head to my face . 
 i swear i could see it staring at me . 
 it squawked once more and then took flight . 
 all the other birds took flight too as a great gust of air and sound hit us like a wall . 
 the entire aviary launched itself into the air as one and then settled in other places , the cacophony of the cage returning and the tension leaving . 
 some people cried out , frightened , and then laughed at their own foolishness . 
 joey stared at me . 
 `` that was weird , '' he said above the noise that had returned . 
 `` you 're telling me , '' i typed . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 i followed him through the plastic curtains and the swinging door into the open air . 
 it felt less claustrophobic . 
 `` this is the weirdest zoo i 've ever been to , '' joey said . 
 `` are the birds always like that ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i 've never been here before . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 we walked through some more jungle area which then transitioned to more open vegetation with saw-grass and smaller shrubs . 
 a great wooden dock jutted out into what was supposed to simulate an african plain . 
 small little algae covered ponds dotted the field and scrubby , wiry trees with egrets nesting in them by the hundreds . 
 `` great , '' joey said . 
 `` more birds . '' 
 but there were more than birds out there . 
 we walked out into the plain on the dock and joined the throng of people who were watching the rhinos and ostriches and zebras and antelope meander in their world . 
 most stayed far away from the dock . 
 as we drew nearer to the middle i noticed that the gazelles were following us and getting closer . 
 i stopped and stepped up on the rail to watch . 
 they approached , unafraid , and stood just under us , five of them , all looking up at the dock and the people . 
 a small crowd gathered excitedly and dads lifted little ones onto their shoulders so they could see , moms holding on to older children as they leaned over the rail reaching out to them . 
 a rhino approached to within twenty feet and stood stamping one foot as it chewed on whatever it had in its mouth . 
 another joined its neighbor , only this one came right up to the dock . 
 it watched us silently . 
 there were three big ostriches in the pen and they moved as one , running at full speed , their little stubby wings flapping as they ran and their necks bobbing . 
 they joined the group of animals beneath us and walked in circles . 
 they kept their distance from the rhinos . 
 the crowd of people had grown considerably larger and joey , a huge grin on his face , finally noticed them all surrounding us . 
 one mother and her son jostled us and then pushed us hard out of the way as one of the rhinos snorted loud and then made a hooting call that resembled a grunt . 
 `` hey lady , '' joey said . 
 `` watch it . '' 
 she glared at him but did n't move . 
 more animals joined the group beneath us as zebras and water buffalo grazed right next to the dock . 
 i looked around the field and noticed that all the animals were right here . 
 not a one was out lazing in the sun or grazing on the short grass . 
 a ruffling behind me caused me to turn and a woman gasped as the crowd noticed the egrets for the first time . 
 they were all lined up on the opposite rail , just sitting there . 
 at least a hundred of them . 
 a little boy ran up to them and the ones closest to him took flight and then settled back to the rail in a different spot . 
 he chased them as his mother chased him . 
 an ostrich had wandered close , its head level with my chest and i reached out my hand , that tingling feeling coming on its own . 
 the ostrich put its head against my palm and blinked . 
 the tingling grew . 
 the animals below grew restless with snorts and brays and hoots filling the air . 
 a rhino moved quickly to just beneath us and pushed against the dock support beam . 
 the wood groaned and creaked against its weight . 
 the rhino backed up a step and then rammed the beam . 
 the whole dock shook and people cried out in surprise then laughed . 
 the rhino struck the beam again , harder , and the people began to panic . 
 many turned and walked quickly away , with a few running , their kids pulled along side them . 
 i put my hand down , the tingling shutting off , and the animals seemed to calm , the rhino moving away slowly . 
 `` you 're doing this are n't you ? '' 
 joey whispered in my ear again . 
 `` i think so . 
 i just do n't know what i 'm doing . '' 
 `` it 's pretty cool . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` it 's scaring the rest of the crowd . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'm tired of them . '' 
 the lady who had shoved us had grabbed her son and was pulling him away from the dock , heading for the main part of the zoo . 
 joey waggled his fingers at her and she picked up her pace , almost running . 
 the animals slowly dispersed , the egrets lifting from the railing , returning to their roosts in the trees . 
 the ostrich i touched stayed with us , though , as we walked , following and bobbing its head lightly , its beak open and its eyes blinking rapidly . 
 he followed us until the dock ended and then he paced at the fence as we moved away . 
 the next pens in the zoo were the elephants . 
 a big open area , with dust and dirt as its main vegetation , housed five big pachyderms that stood in the sun and flung dirt onto their backs with their trunks . 
 as we stepped up to the fence they all moved to us and stood in a semi circle swaying from side to side on their huge legs . 
 a trunk slithered through the fence and i reached up and touched it . 
 a ripple coursed through its skin and the one next to it trumpeted loudly . 
 joey put his hands to his ears . 
 he was grinning hugely . 
 a zoo employee walked up next to us and stared for a moment . 
 i think she was going to scold us , but saw my face , and like most , paused , not sure what to do . 
 when she got over her surprise , she reached up to stroke the trunk of the big female that i was touching and spoke . 
 `` they never get this close , '' she said . 
 `` tammy especially . '' 
 `` this one is tammy ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 she nodded , continuing her petting as she smiled . 
 `` i 'm the elephant keeper , susan . 
 i 've known them all for over five years now and i 've never seen them do this . '' 
 `` all the animals here seem pretty active , '' joey said , and gave me a look . 
 `` what 's his name ? '' 
 susan asked , nodding my direction . 
 `` linc . 
 and you can talk to him . 
 he can hear you and talk back on his little computer . '' 
 i pulled my hand away and typed ` hi . ' 
 tammy found the computer with her trunk and felt along its edge . 
 susan laughed . 
 `` she really likes you . 
 this is so strange . 
 i 'd be worried , but she 's being so gentle right now . '' 
 `` she can be mean ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 susan nodded . 
 `` ever since she lost her baby . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i typed and she bent to read it . 
 `` we do n't know . 
 it was found dead in the pen a few months back . '' 
 one of the other elephants trumpeted again and susan looked up . 
 `` that 's reggie . 
 he 's the male and still pretty young . '' 
 he pushed forward and stuck his trunk out . 
 i touched it and he caressed my hand with it , his breath blowing on my face , a strange odor of dirt and hay blasting across my nostrils . 
 suddenly , they turned as one and walked off , back to their dirt baths and staring into nothingness . 
 it struck me then as sad . 
 their lives were pretty dull and lonely and it made my heart ache for them . 
 susan stood there and watched for a second . 
 her body language suggested she was thinking the same thing i was . 
 `` well that should be a pretty cool memory for you at the zoo , '' she said . 
 `` enjoy your visit . '' 
 she turned to go . 
 `` i 'm joey , '' he blurted , sticking his hand out . 
 `` hi , joey . '' 
 she turned to me . 
 `` have a fun day , linc . '' 
 she shook my hand and then joey 's . 
 `` what do you do after you 're finished with the zoo ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 a look came across her face . 
 `` i pretty much live here . 
 it 's my life . '' 
 `` can i drag you away from your life for a night ? '' 
 she stared at him closely , a glimmer of a smile on her lips . 
 `` i do n't even know you . '' 
 `` i know . 
 we could get to know each other . 
 you could tell me about the elephants . '' 
 `` i do n't know ... '' `` it 's just one night . 
 i 'll have you back early . '' 
 she paused and then looked at the elephants . 
 she pulled a pen from her pocket and wrote something on a card . 
 she handed it to joey , smiling . 
 `` friday , '' she said . 
 `` friday , '' joey repeated , grinning . 
 `` not until then . '' 
 she said turning to go . 
 `` got it , '' joey said . 
 `` i 'll call you . '' 
 she gave him a look and he glanced at me as she walked away . 
 `` i got a date . '' 
 `` you did . '' 
 `` this day is turning out pretty damn interesting . '' 
 it was funny to think of joey on a date . 
 he had n't really shown any interest at all in girls since he 'd been here . 
 but , of course , he 'd been pretty down on himself not working and all and having to live with his sister and her family . 
 maybe susan would give him a boost and turn things around for him . 
 as we made our way through the rest of the zoo , all the other animals reacted pretty much the same . 
 they all showed interest in me and stopped whatever they were doing to come over and check us out . 
 at the lion pens , joey steered me away . 
 he could see the big male sit up from his nap and bound over to the glass that separated his cage from the people . 
 he roared loudly and paced in front of the glass as we passed a good distance away . 
 `` i do n't trust them , '' joey said . 
 at the chimp display , the primates acted a bit differently . 
 they all came up to the glass and metal enclosure and stared , and then all five of them began showing off . 
 well , all but one . 
 she sat in a corner up against the glass and held on to a blue blanket , working it in her fingers . 
 where the other chimps ' auras were a fun yellow and orange , hers was a muted blue with gray at its edges . 
 joey and i watched the chimps do crazy flips and chase each other in front of us , their cries and calls a playful banter between them . 
 one old fella came up to the glass and put his palm to it . 
 joey bent to it with his face and the ape whacked at the glass as if irritated . 
 joey flinched and moved back . 
 i approached and put my hand to the glass , mirroring his . 
 that tingling started up and he stared at me , hooting softly through his lips . 
 i felt nothing from him , but he was feeling something from me . 
 he finally pulled his hand away and ran off to the climbing swing set that was at the center of their pen . 
 he climbed to the top and sat , watching us and his fellow cage mates . 
 i walked over to the corner where the lone female sat with her blanket and knelt down next to the glass . 
 she looked up once and then went back to her blanket . 
 she looked very sad . 
 i saw a zoo employee and approached her . 
 after her initial shock at my appearance , i showed her my computer and typed . 
 `` what 's wrong with her ? '' 
 i pointed to the chimp . 
 `` that 's rebecca , '' the woman said . 
 `` she 's sad or depressed they say . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` she lost her baby . 
 a few weeks ago . 
 it drowned in the pond in there . 
 they 're thinking about draining it so no others get hurt or die . '' 
 `` you guys have a lot of baby animals dying , '' joey said . 
 `` it 's weird , '' she said . 
 `` you 're right . 
 two in the last couple of months . 
 sometimes stuff just happens . '' 
 she moved off , pushing a cart full of cleaning equipment . 
 i went back over to rebecca and put my hand to the glass . 
 she ignored it and held her blanket closer to her . 
 then she got up and moved away . 
 she found a place in the shade of a tree and sat with her back up against it , pulling the blanket through her fingers . 
 at the alligator swamp , when the crocs and gators all came up on shore to inspect us , joey decided it was time to leave . 
 he did n't like the reptiles any better than the lions . 
 and i do n't think they liked him . 
 * * * a few days later we went back to the zoo . 
 tuck came along . 
 he was excited to see the animals react to me and could n't wait until we got inside . 
 it was friday and joey was going on his date with susan later that night , but he did n't mind coming to see her again before he was scheduled to pick her up . 
 and she had n't lied . 
 she really did live here because joey had to give her his tag info so he could get in after park hours to get her . 
 the animals seemed excited to see me and they did their congregating thing around us in every pen . 
 tuck grinned the whole time . 
 in the aviary , all the parrots landed in front of us and two of them even sat on his outstretched arms . 
 a zookeeper yelled at him and told him to leave those birds alone . 
 joey yelled back telling the keeper that maybe they should train their animals to keep away . 
 the keeper did n't know what to say to that so he just eyed us until we left the aviary . 
 people gathered around us in droves , gawking , some figuring out that wherever we went , the animals became more active . 
 a small crowd moved with us through the zoo , taking pictures and getting up close and personal with the animals . 
 at the elephant pen , susan came out , smiling and blushing , as tammy and reggie put their trunks in her hair and caressed my hand through the cage . 
 tuck even got to rub reggie 's trunk and was subsequently sprayed with dirt . 
 he laughed so hard tears streaked down his face leaving muddy tracks in the dust . 
 joey told susan he 'd see her later and she said she was looking forward to it . 
 joey 's aura stayed a cool blue with tinges of purple to it . 
 i could tell he really liked her . 
 when we got to the lion 's display , the male sat up again on his rock and bounded over to the glass . 
 tuck was n't afraid and went right up to it . 
 it paced back and forth in front of the glass , huffing as it moved . 
 two females joined him . 
 they roared repeatedly , the sound carrying through the zoo and causing some of the other animals to join in . 
 it was as if the whole zoo was responding to the king of the jungle . 
 the chimps saw me coming and scampered over to the cage glass , jumping around excitedly on the other side , doing their crazy acrobatics and antics for the crowd to see . 
 rebecca was back up in her corner against the glass holding her blue blanket tightly . 
 i went to her right away and sat in front of the glass next to her . 
 she looked up at me , her face ashen , the aura around her so much darker than before . 
 i put my hand to the glass and she stared at it . 
 slowly , she raised hers and put it up to the glass . 
 the familiar tingle started and left my fingertips . 
 i could see it glow softly between our palms and her eyes brightened in surprise as it touched her . 
 she stood up quickly , an urgency to her , and called to me through the glass . 
 she seemed agitated , but at least she was reacting . 
 we stayed that way until tuck walked up and she saw him . 
 she glanced once more at me and then sat back in her corner , her palm sliding solemnly down the glass to her lap . 
 she turned away and would not turn back . 
 `` should i leave ? '' 
 tuck said , seeing what had happened . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` she 's gone again . 
 back into her own world . 
 i think she was trying to tell me something . '' 
 `` she 's so sad , '' tuck said . 
 i nodded . 
 i could n't help her and i did n't like the feeling . 
 we left the zoo after that and went home to play some catch . 
 i could n't seem to get into it and my throws were falling short and off target . 
 joey asked what the hell was wrong , but i just shrugged . 
 tuck said we should call it a day . 
 he knew what was bothering me . 
 joey left for his date and i sat and rubbed my palm . 
 rebecca would n't leave my head . 
 joey had a great time on his date and because he wanted to see susan more we kept going back to the zoo . 
 i did n't mind . 
 the animals were my friends and i enjoyed being around them . 
 while joey flirted with susan , i told him i was going to the chimps and he waved his hand at me dismissing me without a glance . 
 he and susan were all that seemed to be in their little world . 
 i found rebecca sitting in her spot in the corner and she looked up as i approached . 
 her color was even worse and i could tell she was getting sick . 
 the other chimps avoided her and though they were excited to see me , they kept their distance from us and tried their best to get my attention . 
 i ignored them for the moment and sat just on the other side of the glass from rebecca . 
 the blue blanket was getting worn and threadbare as she worked it in her hands . 
 i put my palm to the glass and she did the same . 
 the tingling came quickly and she grew agitated again . 
 a small crack had formed between the seal of the glass and the fake rock wall that separated the patrons from the animals . 
 she pushed her hand through it to the outside . 
 i touched my hand to hers , the tingling intensifying and the muscles along her sides rippled in spasms . 
 her aura changed from gray to blue . 
 she was feeling what i was giving her . 
 i do n't know why . 
 i just had this feeling that it was what she needed , but it was more of an unconscious thing now that i look back on it . 
 i just reacted without thinking and moved in the moment . 
 i bent my face to her exposed hand and pressed it up against her palm . 
 i let her in and flinched at the feel . 
 the darkness within her was so strong , so desperate , it hit me like a wall . 
 her eyes rolled white up into her head and she vibrated there in front of me . 
 molly was all she repeated in her head , over and over again , the sadness so deep and gray with the sound , i knew that if i had eyes , i would be weeping . 
 two hands grabbed me from behind and pulled me away , severing the connection . 
 it blinked out like a light and she was gone . 
 i could not read her or sense her and the emptiness of that feeling was total . 
 it was like a part of me was ripped away just as my face had been ripped from her palm . 
 `` you need to stay away from her , '' said a voice behind me , the man who had pulled me from her dragging me farther away . 
 rebecca was screeching and jumping on the other side of the glass , her hands banging against it as she fought to get through . 
 `` she 's crazy , '' the voice said , `` and she could hurt you . '' 
 i turned my face to the man behind me and he gasped , dropping me to the ground as he stepped back . 
 he was a zoo employee with a dirty uniform and black boots that were caked in some kind of grossness . 
 his badge said , fred . 
 `` jeez , '' he blurted as he took another step back . 
 i stood and pulled my computer from my pocket and typed . 
 `` who 's molly ? '' 
 i showed him the screen . 
 he took another step back before he realized what he was doing , then straightened up and looked down at the screen . 
 `` molly ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he turned to rebecca who had calmed some but was still pacing in front of the glass , her hand tracking streaks on the glass as she dragged it behind her . 
 `` molly was her baby , '' the man said . 
 his aura was an unpleasant pea soup color that was turning to gray . 
 `` she 's dead though . '' 
 he turned back to me . 
 `` how do you know about her ? '' 
 i ignored him and turned to step back to rebecca . 
 he grabbed my shoulder in a viselike grip . 
 `` you need to stay away from her . '' 
 i tried to shake him off , but he was too strong . 
 joey walked up then and put his hand on the guy 's arm . 
 `` hey . 
 take your hands off of him , '' joey said . 
 fred pulled his hand free , leaving a cold feeling of pressure still lingering on my shoulder , and stepped back . 
 `` he was being attacked by the monkey , '' fred said . 
 `` i did n't want him to get hurt . '' 
 `` they 're chimpanzees , '' i typed , but he ignored me . 
 `` they would n't hurt him , '' joey said . 
 `` oh , she would . '' 
 `` i 'll take care of it , '' joey said , guiding me away . 
 `` i was just looking out for him , '' fred said as we walked away , but i could see a flicker of a grin on his face as he grabbed his broom and left . 
 his aura had turned stark black . 
 it gave me the chills . 
 i tried to protest to joey that i wanted to stay , but he said we 'd be back another time . 
 it would n't be good to stay with ` shitty boots ' hanging around . 
 i turned to rebecca one more time as we walked away and watched her stare at me until i turned a corner and she was gone from sight . 
 that darkness inside her , the loneliness and despair would not leave me . 
 not for a long time . 
 * * * we did n't return to the zoo for a week . 
 joey was getting closer to susan , but he was seeing enough of her outside the zoo and with his new job , he was gone a lot , so i could n't convince him to take me until the weekend . 
 tuck came with us . 
 and so did sadie . 
 i do n't know why i felt like i wanted her to come . 
 it was just a feeling . 
 i knew she wanted to go because when she saw it in my head , she grew excited about the other animals . 
 joey was n't exactly enthusiastic about a dog in his truck , but he caved and we all piled in . 
 the puppies had grown old enough to be on their own for a bit , and though she whined a little as we drove off , she pushed them out of her mind quickly . 
 her thinking was more of an instinct and her instincts told her it was time to start pushing them away . 
 they needed to learn to live on their own and she gave them the chance in small doses . 
 at the zoo , the ticket seller did n't want to let us in with the dog , but joey insisted that we be allowed . 
 he told her the dog was my seeing-eye dog and needed to guide me inside . 
 she referred us to the manager and though she warned us about upsetting the animals with the dog , she let us in . 
 sadie was as happy as a dog could be . 
 i was anxious to see rebecca , but sadie had n't seen the zoo and we let her take it all in , exploring the places we had seen and communicating with the animals in the way that only animals can . 
 some of the species avoided her and she would pace and whine trying to get to them , but others would come right up to the cages and see what she was all about . 
 the elephants were especially curious and tammy played with her through the cage for a long time . 
 of course , joey spent most of that time with susan , who had come out to see us , and she fell in love with sadie . 
 sadie really liked her too . 
 `` she 's such a good girl , '' susan said , petting her sides and rubbing her back . 
 sadie just sat there , her tongue hanging out in the warmth of the afternoon and let susan pet her . 
 tuck was playing with reggie during all of this and we found him covered in dirt from head to toe . 
 he laughed and did n't care . 
 reggie was his buddy . 
 we made it to the chimps in the late afternoon and rebecca sat in her corner with her blue blanket until she saw us coming . 
 she got up immediately and pressed up against the glass . 
 joey and tuck sat in front of the other chimps as they went through their antics , but sadie stayed with me . 
 she knew what i was feeling . 
 i put my palm to the glass as rebecca reached up and the tingling started up immediately . 
 she took it in for a moment and then put her hand through the opening between the wall and the glass . 
 sadie woofed softly . 
 i leaned in and let her dry , callused , but warm palm press against the skin of my face . 
 the connection happened quickly and her dark world opened to me again . 
 sadie paced next to me , a distant whine barely penetrating my ears as rebecca 's thoughts and life poured into me . 
 i could see molly , a small bundle of warmth and fun , and then i saw what happened . 
 the darkness filled my head and my anger grew . 
 in some far off place , sadie was barking and barking violently . 
 as i came back to the world , the connection complete , i felt sadie 's anxiety strongly in my head and rebecca 's anger in my chest . 
 i pulled away from the cage and turned . 
 fred , the zoo employee with the dirty boots , was next to the trashcan and he stared at us as sadie growled and barked . 
 she knew what i knew and her feelings toward this man only mirrored mine . 
 fred had killed molly . 
 he had drowned her with his own bare hands and rebecca had not been able to stop him . 
 she could only watch from a caged box , the bad box , the box they put you in if you misbehaved , as this pathetic excuse for a man took her baby and flung it into the pond . 
 he then waded in after molly and held her under the water until she stopped moving . 
 i felt bile rising in my throat and i swallowed it down . 
 the grayness of my world shrank to a small round window , and though i could hear sadie and rebecca bark and growl and call out , they were sounds that were far away . 
 the grayness began to turn red at the edges and then colors popped into my vision as if a switch were turned on . 
 sadie was all animal , her urge to protect and defend as strong as any urge i could ever feel and if you multiplied that by ten , you would understand the strength of it . 
 that strength was becoming a part of me . 
 an extension of my ability . 
 fuel for the power that i had . 
 rebecca 's hatred and fear of the man added to the fire that was burning inside of me and as i watched from some distant little corner in my mind , my hands came up and that vibration started in my lower back . 
 it grew and spread , the tips of my fingers beginning to vibrate . 
 tucker must have been feeling it too and joey could see what was happening . 
 they rushed over and joey grabbed me up and shook me , tucker upset from what he was feeling . 
 i snapped out of the redness and my vision grew gray again , sadie 's barking and rebecca 's hooting , a painful explosion of sound as i calmed and came back to my senses . 
 fred , who had stood there watching , a dumb look on his face , one that told me he knew that i knew , pointed his gloved finger at sadie and said , `` you need to keep that dog on a leash . 
 she 's dangerous . '' 
 `` you shut the hell up , old man , '' tuck shouted , spittle flying from his lips . 
 `` you killed her . 
 you killed her baby . '' 
 `` hey , '' joey said . 
 `` that 's enough . 
 you do n't talk to adults like that . '' 
 joey had grabbed his arm , but he shook free and pointed at fred . 
 `` you 're a killer ! '' 
 fred 's face had turned ashen , his mouth hanging open and the gloved hand that was pointing at sadie shook and then fell to his side . 
 `` enough , tuck . '' 
 joey said again and shook him . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 tucker would not . 
 `` look at me , '' joey said again . 
 `` i need you to calm down . '' 
 tuck looked into his eyes and started to cry . 
 he said softly , `` he 's a killer , joey . 
 i saw it . 
 he drowned her baby . '' 
 `` who 's baby ? 
 what the hell are you talking about ? '' 
 `` the chimp . 
 her baby . '' 
 joey stood and looked at the ape as it paced back and forth in front of the glass . 
 rebecca was growing calmer , i could feel it , but the hatred she felt toward the man would never completely calm . 
 joey looked at me and i nodded to him . 
 he turned to the zoo worker . 
 `` get that dog out of here , '' fred said , regaining his composure . 
 `` you 're not supposed to have dogs in here . '' 
 joey walked over to the man . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 fred flinched but stood his ground . 
 `` i do n't know what the hell you 're talking about . '' 
 `` the chimp . 
 did you hurt its baby ? '' 
 fred tried to laugh , but it came out as a cackle . 
 `` why would i do that ? 
 i 'm here to clean up after their messes . 
 i got no reason to hurt any animals . '' 
 joey eyed him hard and then turned away . 
 `` come on , '' he said , pushing me toward the front of the zoo . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 tuck said . 
 `` we have to tell someone . '' 
 joey bent to tuck and said , `` no one will believe us . 
 i 'm sorry tuck , they wo n't believe . '' 
 `` we have to make them . 
 we have to . '' 
 `` we ca n't , '' joey said , turning to me too . 
 i knew that what he said was true . 
 without proof , we could do nothing . 
 `` we have to go . '' 
 tuck continued his angry tears , but followed us as we left . 
 sadie went to the glass in front of rebecca and woofed at her . 
 rebecca put her palm to the glass and said goodbye . 
 sadie , in her way , consoled her and then turned and came to my side . 
 i stroked her head as we left , fred 's eyes on us until we turned the corner . 
 i felt weak from the experience , but i found strength in sadie . 
 it would not be the last time i saw fred . 
 chapter 6 fred i fell into a gray depression . 
 tuck was feeling it too and though we went outside to play catch over the next few days , we mostly just sat on the curb and thought our thoughts . 
 hawkins , jayne and pepper brightened our moods for a bit , but we would soon fall back into the grayness and eventually i would say i had to get home . 
 he understood . 
 we had no secrets . 
 sadie , the animal in her recovering quicker than i , stayed by my side and gave me whatever comfort she could , but she could see the growing anger in me and could do nothing to stop it . 
 mom ignored it and kaylin was too busy with her boyfriend to pay much attention to me . 
 i did n't blame her . 
 she had a life and was growing up . 
 she was getting better at the wall of noise and , for the most part , kept her private life private . 
 one rare night when she was home , i asked her to show me how she put up the wall and she explained what she had been practicing . 
 `` think about noise . 
 static . 
 anything that will clutter your mind and keep it busy . '' 
 `` but how can you think while all that is going on ? '' 
 `` i just can . 
 i do n't know how . 
 just try it and see if i can see what you 're thinking . '' 
 i concentrated on visualizing a pink wall of sound and she grinned . 
 `` i ca n't see a thing . 
 you 're better at this than i am . '' 
 it was difficult to maintain and it grew weaker by the second . 
 it actually made me tired . 
 she laughed . 
 `` you 'll get better at it . 
 i ca n't keep it going all the time , it 's exhausting , but it gets easier and stronger . '' 
 i tried it again and she could n't get inside . 
 she grew sad then . 
 `` i ca n't believe we 've come to a point where we have to hide things from each other , '' she said . 
 `` we 're just getting older . '' 
 `` what are you trying to hide from me and mom ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 i just want to know how to do it . '' 
 she eyed me but did n't say anymore . 
 i did my best to keep my recent dark thoughts out of my head and she seemed unable to guess . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're my brother , '' she said then and gave me a hug . 
 `` me too . '' 
 joey was drinking more . 
 his job was not working out and though his relationship with susan was getting stronger , he worried he would lose her because he could n't hold a job or get his life together . 
 he started off drinking my mom 's rum , but when she yelled at him , he started buying his own beer on the way home from work . 
 he rarely played football anymore . 
 the darkness in my heart grew by the day ; by the hour it felt at times . 
 i could n't get out of my head the vision of molly being held under the water until her little brown body grew still and lifeless , the man responsible laughing at the cruelty of it . 
 i woke from my dreams with a scream in my head , kaylin waking too , her soothing thoughts reaching out to me until i calmed and tried to sleep . 
 mom was too drunk for even a scream to get through . 
 i used the pink wall of noise more and more , kaylin and tuck both wondering what i was trying to hide . 
 i just did n't trust my own thoughts and i really did n't want them to see how bleak and dark things were growing inside of me . 
 i did n't like who i was becoming and it ate away at me every day . 
 two weeks after i connected with rebecca , i could not contain the blackness any longer . 
 i found sadie late in the afternoon , collected all the money i had out of a piggybank and boarded a bus . 
 the bus driver almost shut the door in my face . 
 stares and some fear followed me as i found a seat , sadie at my side . 
 when the driver finally got the courage to ask me about the dog , i pretended i did n't understand and he finally gave up . 
 the sky was gray and swollen with dark , ominous clouds , the smell of rain in the air . 
 it fit my mood and i took it as a sign . 
 the zoo waited for me . 
 as i stepped off of the bus at the entrance , lightning zigzagged across the sky with the sound of thunder chasing the light into the grayness in my heart . 
 sadie whined next to me , but stayed at my side . 
 she could feel what i was feeling at the ticket counter , the same woman who did n't want to let us in two weeks before glared at me and sadie , but gave me my ticket anyway . 
 half-price admission for so late in the day . 
 the zoo would close in another hour . 
 plenty of time to do what i came to do . 
 we headed for the chimpanzees , big drops of rain falling in random splats on the sidewalk , the wind picking up momentum as the storm front approached . 
 lightning flared again in the sky and sadie 's skin rippled beneath her fur as she jumped at the sound of the thunder . 
 she was scared , but did not leave me . 
 rebecca sensed me before we got to the enclosure . 
 she was there waiting when we walked up to the glass . 
 she was calm at the moment , the blue blanket thrown over her shoulder . 
 her mind was a clutter of things to come and things that had passed . 
 she seemed a little better , color painting her aura a bright blue with only a hint of gray at its edge . 
 she called to me quietly and rested her palm on the glass . 
 the rain continued to fall only in sporadic giant drops . 
 not enough to really make me wet , but big enough to leave fat circular swatches of wetness on the concrete sidewalk . 
 i sat in front of the glass and waited . 
 i would n't have to wait for long . 
 fred pushed his trashcan in front of him along the walkway . 
 he approached the chimps ' enclosure without a care in the world . 
 to him , his world was his and he felt in control of everything around him . 
 so , when his body lifted from the ground and his muscles locked into uncontrollable spasms , his world came crashing down around him . 
 i had stood and let the blackness wash over me , the real rain finally breaking and cascading down my skin . 
 sadie growled beside me and rebecca , silent but seething in her cage behind me . 
 the strength it took to hold fred in the air was something that was gradually slipping . 
 until i let the strength of sadie and rebecca flow into me . 
 the colors popped in my vision and the tingling in my back grew to a pulsation that ran down my legs and arms and out of my fingers . 
 fred shouted as his bladder let go . 
 `` what the hell are you doing to me ? '' 
 he shook as the telekinesis held him just a foot off of the ground . 
 his muscles fought to regain control , but i was too strong for him . 
 of course , i could n't answer him . 
 yet . 
 i walked up to him , my hand stretched out in front of me , the instrument of my power , and i used that power to pull his arm out in front of him and splay his fingers wide , palm out . 
 i walked into that palm and connected . 
 he screamed . 
 his blackness enveloped me , and i shook from the evil that was in him . 
 i almost fainted , the power waning for a second , the grip i had on him slipping as he slid back to the ground , then rebecca howled and i pushed the blackness away . 
 he was inhuman . 
 closer to an animal than any human should be , yet further from one too , for no animal could do what this man had done . 
 he had killed molly , the glee in his head powering the muscles in his arms as he held the chimp down . 
 the elephant had been quicker . 
 a brilliant flash of his shovel through the air and onto its head . 
 the animal collapsed , dead before it hit the ground . 
 there had been others . 
 places that he had worked before ; veterinarians , zoos , and even neighbors ' pets . 
 and he was n't going to stop . 
 the blackness in him was growing and i could see that he had just started . 
 he would n't stop , ever , and his urges were strengthening . 
 even now , he had visions of someone named eunice suffering at his hand and his fingers finding the softness of her throat as the life wheezed from her strangled airway . 
 i let my own stark blackness overtake me . 
 it surged from deep within my chest and exploded outward in a wave that consumed everything around me . 
 fred was flung from his suspended animation in front of me and hurled over the chimps ' fence , his body spiraling through the air and the shock of it all keeping him from crying out . 
 he landed with a sickening thud inside the enclosure . 
 rebecca attacked . 
 the others in the troupe followed just behind her . 
 he finally screamed then , his mind a raging inferno of anger and fear as my own knowledge passed to him between us . 
 sadie panted next to me and i turned and walked out of the zoo . 
 i did n't need to see . 
 from that day forward , nothing would ever be the same . 
 episode 2 chapter 1 regret my mother had a hard time forgiving me . 
 she knew instantly , as soon as i walked in , what i had done to that beast of a man at the zoo . 
 fred . 
 an employee from hell who killed infant animals and would have eventually progressed to people . 
 he had deserved what happened . 
 i tried to hide what i had done , but had n't been able to keep the visions of that stormy evening hidden and she saw as soon as i walked back through the door . 
 she was my mother and though in some despair over my actions , she loved me in her own way , but found it difficult to see me in anything other than a new light . 
 of course , i was ashamed myself , but i felt justified in letting that part of me take over . 
 the blackness that was him needed to be subdued , put down , reined in and held captive for whatever remained of his life . 
 fred survived . 
 his spine had been broken and he would never walk again , but he lived , though he would remain scarred for life . 
 when he told of the faceless boy who had propelled his body through the air with his mind and basically threw him to the wolves , they believed not a word , thinking it the ramblings of a madman . 
 he did confess to killing molly and the baby elephant , but his crazy story of what happened on a stormy evening at closing time would never be investigated . 
 and that was fine with me . 
 the insane asylum that held him until his death heard his stories every day . 
 and mistook them for the mutterings of psychosis . 
 kaylin understood . 
 she was frightened and worried for me , but she could see and feel everything i was feeling . 
 it did seem as if she pushed herself further from me , though , and i regret that with all my heart . 
 her little brother , who was the world to her , had turned out to be something that she never saw in him . 
 almost a dr. jekyl and mr. hyde . 
 she spent more and more time with the boyfriend and i understood that too . 
 tuck thought i was a hero . 
 he had carried the same anger over molly around with him that i had . 
 he was the only one who had felt what i felt that day rebecca linked with me . 
 he knew the despair and sorrow that had been in her heart and it ached and burned in him as much as in me . 
 he did n't need to forgive me . 
 he would have done the same thing . 
 joey learned of the attack from susan . 
 i never spoke of it to him , but he knew who had caused it and he kept it to himself . 
 he would only mention it once , when he was drunk , and when i did n't answer him , he let it go , my silence answer enough . 
 life slowly returned to normal , if you call living in a house where no one had secrets and a teenager could move objects with his mind normal . 
 we played football again , trained puppies to fetch and sit and play dead , the freds of the world slipping from my thoughts over time and the joy of being young still guiding my life and all that was ahead of me . 
 my fifteenth birthday was coming up and for some reason i was excited . 
 it was some kind of landmark for me . 
 a whole decade and a half of life and i could n't seem to wait for its arrival . 
 i would come to regret that enthusiasm and see that date as one that would haunt me for the rest of my life . 
 it started with school . 
 chapter 2 school i told mom i wanted to go to school . 
 she shook her head immediately and went back to getting dinner ready for kaylin and joey . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` school is not for someone like you , '' she said . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i repeated . 
 `` i want to go with tuck . '' 
 `` tuck will not be the only one at school . 
 there will be others . 
 and they will not be like tuck . '' 
 `` i can handle it , mom . 
 i know they 're going to make fun of me . '' 
 `` they 'll do more than make fun of you , '' she said , and i could see the worry in there crowding any logical thinking on her part . 
 she was genuinely scared for me . 
 i was n't worried . 
 i was anxious to meet other people and get out into the world . 
 i was tired of being cooped up in this house with only a computer , my family and the television as instructors . 
 there was so much more out there and the zoo had been an eye opener . 
 all this went through my head for her to see and she glanced up at her brother , laughing in front of the tv , a beer in one hand as some stupid re-run from the 70s played out in front of him . 
 she was now angry at him for putting this nonsense in my head . 
 `` do you hear what your nephew is wanting ? '' 
 she yelled at him . 
 joey ignored her and she walked over and stood in front of the tv blocking his view . 
 `` come on , mary . 
 it 's the funny part . '' 
 `` i said , did you hear what linc wants to do ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't read his mind like you can . '' 
 `` he wants to go to school . '' 
 `` that 's great . 
 it 'll be good for him . '' 
 i grinned inside and my mother could see it . 
 `` it will not be great . 
 a boy like him will get beat up every day . '' 
 `` you do n't know that . 
 he 's pretty good with people and he 's tougher than you think . 
 i know . 
 look how he plays football . 
 just that in itself will make him popular . '' 
 `` no child who 's missing a face will be popular . 
 except as a punching bag . 
 this is your fault . 
 if you had n't shown him the zoo , then all this craziness would not be in his head . '' 
 she returned to the kitchen and poured vodka straight into a glass and gulped it down . 
 joey got up from the chair , his re-run forgotten now , and grabbed another beer from the fridge . 
 he crushed the empty can in his hand with a grin and grimace in front of me and tossed it over his shoulder behind him at the trashcan . 
 it landed smack in the middle making a solid metallic clunk as it hit . 
 he winked at me and popped the top of his new beer . 
 `` i think you should let him go , sis . 
 he 'll learn more there than he ever will in front of a computer . '' 
 she had grown quiet . 
 `` i do n't want him to get hurt . '' 
 `` you ca n't protect him all his life . '' 
 she grew angry again . 
 `` why not ! 
 i 'm his mother . 
 it 's my job to protect him . 
 you do n't know . '' 
 a tear slid down her cheek and she wiped it angrily from her face with the back of her hand . 
 `` he needs to learn to live on his own . 
 i know he 's young , but he wo n't be able to survive in this world if you keep him sheltered all the time . 
 he needs to see what 's out there and learn to deal with it . '' 
 `` he 's too young . '' 
 `` he 's not . 
 and what if something happens to you ? 
 he 'll be all on his own anyway without a clue in the world . 
 guide him , let him see what 's out there and then help him to see what 's good and bad . 
 you ca n't deny him that , mary . 
 you 'll actually do him more harm by sheltering him . '' 
 she looked at her brother and i could see his words having an affect on her . 
 i was going to get to go to school . 
 she just would n't admit it to herself right then . 
 all she said was , `` i 'll think about it . '' 
 but i could see it in her mind . 
 i would get to go to school . 
 and i was excited . 
 the doorbell rang and kaylin yelled from upstairs . 
 `` i 'll get it . '' 
 paul , her boyfriend , was here to pick her up . 
 apparently she had finally decided to let him see her family . 
 mainly me . 
 i did n't know how to feel about that . 
 in a way it would be good to see him in person , but i really just felt bitter toward him . 
 and i had n't even met him yet . 
 all i knew was that this guy was slowly stealing my sister from me and it kind of ticked me off . 
 so to say that i was glad he was here was a gross exaggeration . 
 i hated him even before that door ever opened and he stepped inside to stare at me . 
 i watched my mother straighten up her apron and put her glass to her lips for one last jolt of courage and then she put her best smile on and waited . 
 joey sat in his chair and pretended to ignore what was going on . 
 that strange flickering to black was happening again and i still could n't figure out why . 
 i 'd seen paul before , in kaylin 's head . 
 heck , we all had except joey , so his tall frame , blonde hair and gray eyes did n't surprise me . 
 the color of his aura did . 
 it was a dark , deep red , even to the core . 
 a wavering clotted crimson that reminded me of blood . 
 and when his eyes fell to me and took me in , it billowed outward from him in a great cloud of color , as if a blood bomb had exploded around him and sprayed us all with its coppery scent . 
 i imagined i even smelled it in my nostrils , but it passed quickly and was gone . 
 the cloud of red contracted and pulsed slowly closer to his body . 
 he smiled at me and i cringed inside . 
 `` hey linc . 
 your sister 's told me all about you . 
 good to meet you . '' 
 he extended his hand and i shook it . 
 it was cold and clammy , like a damp hose . 
 i did n't think it was good to meet him and i did n't think he felt that way about me either . 
 the coppery smell grew again as he got closer to me and then disappeared quickly . 
 it made me feel like that time i vomited when i was sick . 
 kaylin was glaring at me in her way . 
 she could see all that was going through my head , but her noise barrier was up strong as ever and i could read nothing . 
 if she was going to play that way then so was i and i put up my own pink noise and she turned away . 
 my mother looked between us both , a confused smile on her lips and then she introduced herself to paul , pushing her kids from her mind . 
 `` i 'm kaylin 's mother , '' she said , taking paul 's hand in hers . 
 `` so good to finally meet the boy who 's been seeing my daughter . '' 
 `` mother , '' kaylin said . 
 `` good to meet you too , ma’am . 
 kaylin talks about you all the time . 
 i feel like i know you already . '' 
 `` that 's funny , because she never talks about you to us . '' 
 paul 's crimson aura rippled along its edge , vibrated outward for a second and then contracted again . 
 he did n't seem happy that kaylin would n't share him with us . 
 he did n't say anything , though . 
 `` that 's my brother , joey , '' mom pointed to the chair and when joey did n't acknowledge the boy , choosing to stare at the tv instead , mom yelled at him . 
 `` joseph . 
 get up and introduce yourself . '' 
 joey sighed and pushed himself up out of the chair . 
 he carried the beer in one hand as he walked over , the flickering intensifying as he looked paul up and down . 
 he stuck his hand out and when the two auras met , it was like staring at a yin and yang symbol , only with red as the opposite color . 
 joey 's blackness up against the red of paul 's and it was as if the two were physically fighting in front of us , though they shook hands and made pleasantries . 
 joey walked back over to the chair and plopped back in it as soon as it was over . 
 looked like dinner was going to be fun . 
 `` i want to show paul my room , '' kaylin said and tugged on paul 's hand to get him out of there . 
 he let her pull him along and they climbed the stairs . 
 kaylin did not look happy . 
 `` that was rude , '' mom said to joey . 
 `` kid needs to know his place , '' joey said . 
 `` and what place is that ? '' 
 `` the bottom . '' 
 `` why would you say that ? '' 
 `` listen , sis . 
 you do n't know jack about boys . 
 they always have ` things ' on their mind and you have to knock ` em down a notch or the kid will take advantage of her . '' 
 `` she 's seventeen . 
 they do n't have ` things ' on their mind , '' she said , back in the kitchen with her drink in her hand . 
 she took a big swallow . 
 joey gave her a look and then got up out of the chair . 
 `` i know you do n't want to admit to yourself that she 's growing up , but seventeen year olds definitely have ` things ' on their minds . 
 think back to when you were seventeen . 
 i remember that idiot you used to date in high school -- ricky toadstool or something . '' 
 `` ricky tolestoy , '' she said . 
 `` whatever . 
 you two were like little chihuahuas in heat . 
 i remember walking in on you and he was actually humping your leg . '' 
 she smiled and then grew serious again . 
 `` he was an idiot . '' 
 `` but you were seventeen . 
 get it ? 
 i 'm the man in the house and i 'm putting him in his place . '' 
 she glanced up at the ceiling , wrinkling her brow and i could see her trying to get into kaylin 's head . 
 the pink noise was pretty strong . 
 she turned to me . 
 `` i ca n't read her . 
 how is she doing that ? '' 
 i shrugged and hid my own thoughts behind a curtain . 
 mom scowled at me . 
 `` you 're doing it too . 
 what the hell is going on in this house ? 
 we used to never have secrets . '' 
 `` everybody 's growing up , '' joey said . 
 she put her drink down on the counter and pulled her apron off . 
 `` i 'm going up there , '' she said . 
 joey smiled . 
 `` let me . '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't need you throwing him through a wall or something . 
 stay here . '' 
 she marched up the steps and was gone . 
 joey looked at me and said , `` women . '' 
 `` mom 's funny , '' i typed . 
 `` you think this is humorous ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 joey grinned . 
 then he chuckled . 
 `` yeah . 
 it is pretty funny is n't it ? 
 you 're a good kid , linc . '' 
 he frowned then . 
 `` watch out for your sister . 
 i do n't like that paul guy . '' 
 he sat back in the recliner and stared at the tv . 
 soon he was laughing at the show like nothing had happened . 
 i would watch her . 
 like a hawk . 
 i did n't like paul either . 
 * * * dinner went okay and joey behaved . 
 mom worked her vodka throughout dinner , though , and was pretty drunk by the time it was over . 
 i sat in my chair and watched everybody eat , saying very little and watching paul 's every move . 
 he stared at me a lot . 
 i wished tuck was there so he could see . 
 maybe he would verify what i felt . 
 kaylin and paul went out to the movies after dinner and i went down the street to tuck 's . 
 sadie and the puppies followed along with me . 
 they were almost full grown now , and were more like companions to sadie than her children . 
 pepper was still the most curious of the three and she would wander off chasing some bug or sniffing some plant . 
 jayne and hawkins stayed close to their mother . 
 i showed tuck the evening 's activities and he did n't like paul either . 
 he could see things i did n't and i liked having his opinion on stuff . 
 though he could n't see auras like i could , he could see what i saw and it gave him a unique perspective to add to his own . 
 i did n't see the world like normal kids and now tuck did n't either . 
 but he was able to use his vision in ways i could n't . 
 `` i know him from school , '' tuck said . 
 `` he 's the quarterback for the football team and a total ass wipe . '' 
 `` how old do you have to be to play ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` fourteen . 
 but not on the varsity team . 
 you have to be fifteen to play varsity . 
 they practice together sometimes though . 
 the coaches watch them close when they do so no one gets hurt . 
 they say it 's good for the younger kids to be able to take a beating . '' 
 `` i want to play . '' 
 tuck grinned . 
 `` so do i. '' we vowed to make the team as soon as i started . 
 paul did n't know it , but i was going to be quarterback . 
 even if it took me a year . 
 when kaylin got home , i was waiting up . 
 mom was passed out on the couch and joey snoozed softly in the chair . 
 both had too much to drink . 
 it was becoming a common thing with them . 
 i did n't like it . 
 kaylin 's noise barrier was up when she walked in , but i could tell something was wrong . 
 she held her hand up near her face when she saw me and then she walked quickly up the stairs . 
 i followed . 
 `` not now , linc , '' she said at her door . 
 `` i want to be alone . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i could see a bright spot of color on her face and though her hand flitted around it i could tell it was a bruise . 
 anger flared in my chest . 
 `` he did n't mean to , '' she said . 
 `` i should n't have said what i said . '' 
 she let her guard down for just an instant and i saw him slap her . 
 then he told her he was sorry and that he would never do it again . 
 the pink noise went up stronger then and i could see nothing . 
 `` i do n't like him , '' i said . 
 `` neither does tuck . 
 you should stay away from him . '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 i did n't understand . 
 all she had to do was stop seeing him . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 a tear rolled down her cheek . 
 `` i love him . '' 
 `` how can you love a guy who hits you ? '' 
 `` he did n't mean it . 
 he loves me . 
 i know it . '' 
 `` he 's bad , kaylin . 
 he 's a bad guy . '' 
 she grew angry then and i felt like i 'd been slapped in the face . 
 she was never angry with me . 
 `` you do n't know anything . 
 you 're just a kid and you have no idea . 
 now , leave me alone . '' 
 she slammed the door in my face and was gone . 
 i stood there a moment longer listening to her cry and trying to see through the wall of noise she had up , but it was no use . 
 she was not backing down . 
 i went to my room and lay in my bed . 
 if i could cry , i would . 
 my heart sat heavy in my chest and the pain was not going away . 
 she could n't see and even i could n't help her . 
 chapter 3 school two weeks later i climbed aboard the bus with tuck and my schooling began . 
 right then . 
 the bus driver flinched as i walked past and followed me with her eyes all the way down the aisle . 
 the kids had grown silent as they stared at me . 
 tuck stopped halfway down and glared at the kids . 
 `` what ? 
 this is linc . 
 he 's new . 
 he 's pretty cool so do n't mess with him . '' 
 a few snickers of laughter and then they went back to talking amongst themselves . 
 most of them anyway . 
 the bus was pretty full and we had to work our way to the back , but i was able to sit with tuck next to a fat kid eating a jelly donut . 
 he had it smeared all over his face and tuck shook his head but did n't say anything to him . 
 i could see the word ` moron ' in his head . 
 `` does he talk ? '' 
 the fat kid said around me to tuck . 
 `` he has a small computer he types on . '' 
 `` how does he eat ? '' 
 `` ask him . '' 
 he asked me and i pointed to the thin tube going into my nostril . 
 he moved in closer to look . 
 `` i bet that tastes like shit , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i typed . 
 `` i 've never eaten shit . '' 
 he looked at me and then burst out laughing . 
 tuck could n't help it , he started laughing too . 
 `` what 's your name , '' i typed . 
 `` harold . 
 harry paulson . 
 you 're linc . '' 
 `` or blank . 
 some call me blank . '' 
 `` ` cause of your face ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` my dad called me blank . '' 
 `` that 's a cool name . 
 i hate harry . 
 hey tuck . 
 is he in our grade ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i think so . 
 you know . 
 i 'm not sure . 
 he 's pretty smart but he 's never been to school before . '' 
 `` how can he be smart if he 's never been to school ? '' 
 `` i learned on the computer and from my sister , '' i typed . 
 `` who 's your sister ? '' 
 harry asked . 
 `` kaylin delabar . '' 
 his face lit up . 
 `` i know her . 
 she 's pretty . '' 
 then he frowned . 
 `` but she has a boyfriend . '' 
 `` paul . '' 
 harry nodded . 
 `` that guy 's a jerk . '' 
 the bus stopped again and two more boys got on . 
 they were older . 
 probably sixteen or seventeen . 
 they walked down the aisle shoving little kids and calling them idiots and cry babies . 
 when they got to the back , the first one saw me and stopped . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 he said . 
 the other one peered around the first and the stupid grin on his face disappeared as he saw me . 
 he actually backed up a step . 
 he remained quiet , watching me . 
 `` he 's not a what , '' tuck said . 
 `` his name 's linc . '' 
 `` what is he ? '' 
 `` he 's a kid . 
 like you and me . '' 
 but i could see in tuck 's head that he wished he could take that back . 
 `` he 's not like me , '' the closest one said . 
 `` and he 's not like andy . '' 
 the kid behind him shifted his eyes quickly to the first and then back at me . 
 he must be andy . 
 the front one started pointing at random kids in the bus as he spoke . 
 `` he 's not like him , or him , or even her . 
 he 's not like anybody i 've ever seen . '' 
 the kid who was the bigger of the two bent over to get a better look at me . 
 `` what 's wrong with him ? 
 it is a him , right ? '' 
 a few nervous laughs as he smiled , but the bus was mostly quiet again . 
 `` i told you , his name 's linc . '' 
 `` or blank , '' harry said . 
 `` what ? 
 like , ` missing link ? ' 
 if he 's the missing link , i do n't want to be around in the future . '' 
 `` shut up , rodney , '' tuck said . 
 rodney 's smile left his face and he took a step toward tuck . 
 `` what ? 
 you his boyfriend , tucker ? 
 tucker , the fucker . '' 
 `` you two sit down , '' the bus driver said . 
 `` before i stop this bus and put you in your seats . '' 
 rodney glared at tuck and stood back up straight . 
 andy took a seat , but continued to stare at me . 
 `` and i do n't want to hear that foul language coming from anybody 's mouth on my bus , '' she said . 
 i could see her eyes looking up into the mirror above her head . 
 she was staring right at me . 
 rodney pointed . 
 `` you keep your pet on a leash , tuck . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 rodney sat down across from his friend and turned to the kid up against the window . 
 he shoved him in the shoulder . 
 `` move over , dickhead . 
 i got no room . '' 
 `` what did i say , rodney , '' the bus driver said . 
 rodney shut up but flipped her off behind the seat . 
 we rode the rest of the way in silence . 
 the school , orange park high school , was a sprawling campus-like facility that spanned a couple of street blocks . 
 it was filled with little bright spots of color as the students and faculty made their way to classes , lockers , offices , and wherever else they needed to be . 
 it was a rainbow of emotions and a little overwhelming . 
 the bus dropped us off near the main building and tuck walked with me to the office where i was supposed to check in and receive my class schedule . 
 soon , the throng of students was abuzz with the sighting of a kid with no face and they whispered and pointed among themselves as i walked by . 
 little groups of giggling girls and bigger groups of older boys who laughed openly and pointed at me . 
 some of the energy radiating outward from the kids was so negative it was like pushing through a soup of blackness so thick i felt as if my legs and arms were stuck in mud . 
 i knew i would attract attention , but this vibe was something i had n't imagined and maybe mom had been right . 
 a small sliver of doubt about my decision crept into my head and sat there in a corner of my mind like a child in detention . 
 i lowered my head for the first time that day and pushed through , following tuck . 
 in the office , the blackness of the kids ' world faded and i took a deep breath . 
 the woman behind the counter looked up and smiled at me . 
 `` you must be lincoln delabar . 
 welcome to orange park . 
 first days can be very exciting . 
 what do you think so far ? '' 
 the nameplate on the counter said mrs. lolly , but her gray hair and twinkling eyes made me think of jolly . 
 she was a tiny little thing who barely reached my height and her flowery print blouse shone in bright pink hues from her aura . 
 since i was used to seeing in shades of gray , the color behind the blouse made it seem as if the flowers were alive on her body . 
 it was beautiful . 
 i pulled out my little pocket computer and typed . 
 `` it 's big ma’am . 
 and you can call me linc . '' 
 `` and such manners , '' she said . 
 `` i like you already , linc . 
 do you have some forms for me from your mother ? '' 
 i nodded and handed her some registration forms my mother was supposed to fill out . 
 she was to sign them , but instead , got drunk , so i forged her signature and filled them out myself . 
 mrs. lolly looked them over and then filed them away in some box that said new students . 
 mine were the only ones in the box . 
 tuck said in my head , `` she looks like a munchkin from the wizard of oz . 
 we call her , lullaby lolly . '' 
 luckily lullaby lolly could not see me laugh as she printed out a sheet with my schedule on it . 
 `` this is your class schedule , lincoln . 
 tucker can show you around to your classes . 
 i 'll give him a note to be late . '' 
 i took the sheet and looked it over . 
 apparently i had done well on all my entrance exams because i had a lot of honor classes with names like advanced biology honors and english composition - preparatory . 
 tuck looked over my shoulder and pointed . 
 `` we 've got three classes together . 
 cool . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i like mr. cartright . 
 he 's funny . '' 
 mr. cartright taught history and i had him first period . 
 i saw a picture in tuck 's head of a balding , slightly overweight man of about forty or so . 
 he had a beard that filled his whole face , but he smiled in tuck 's head and that was probably a good thing . 
 `` if you need anything or have any questions , come and see me , '' mrs. lolly said . 
 `` we have some of the best students in the state . 
 i 'm sure you 'll fit in here very well . '' 
 i was n't sure i would fit in anywhere very well , but i 'd make do . 
 i thanked her on my computer and we left the office and pushed out into the morning where the campus had mostly cleared . 
 a bell sounded above my head and i jumped a bit . 
 `` that 's the tardy bell , '' tuck said . 
 `` but we have a note . 
 just make sure you 're in homeroom before that bell sounds at 7:25 . 
 come on , i 'll show you where to go . '' 
 we set off toward a big building that sat in the middle of the campus and rose two stories above everything else around it . 
 its walls looked made almost completely of glass that reflected the rising sun into my face and made me turn sideways to it . 
 it was so bright . 
 because of it , i did n't see the girl turn the corner in front of us and i ran right into her . 
 all of her books fell to the ground and she made a quiet noise that sounded like the coo of a dove . 
 i bent to help her pick them up and she stared at me . 
 i guessed she was the same age as i was , blond with her hair pulled back behind her ears in a simple band . 
 she wore a hooded sweater over a blouse i could n't see and her shoes were decorated with little animals that were tied to the laces . 
 she smiled at me and said , `` sorry . 
 i 'm late . '' 
 i stared as the air in my lungs refused to move in or out . 
 her aura was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen . 
 a deep lavender color with a core of bright yellow that had edges of pink to it that shimmered as she moved . 
 the smile stayed on her face as she cocked her head to the side and studied me not with pity or fear , but a genuine curiosity that did n't offend me . 
 it made me want to tell her everything about me . 
 she reached for the book i held in my hand and i realized that i was holding on to it and would n't let go . 
 i released my grip and stood up . 
 `` you 're that new kid , are n't you ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 fumbling with my pocket computer , i was able to type out a simple response that made me feel like an idiot . 
 `` i 'm blank . '' 
 she looked at it and twisted her head around and i realized i was holding it upside down to her . 
 i turned it around and she twisted her head back , glancing up at me quickly and smiling again . 
 `` that 's not your real name , is it ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` linc , '' i said . 
 `` i like linc better . 
 i 'm avril . '' 
 `` hi . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` hi . '' 
 she studied me again and that little smile played at the corners of her mouth , the tiny dimples there glowing in the light reflecting from the glass . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 she turned and started to walk away quickly . 
 `` nice to meet you , linc . '' 
 she disappeared around the corner and i stared at the empty space where she had been . 
 `` avril 's in our grade , '' tuck said , startling me . 
 i had forgotten he was even there . 
 `` she 's a little weird . '' 
 `` so am i. '' tuck smiled . 
 `` that 's true , '' he joked . 
 i smiled in my head too and he pulled my sleeve . 
 `` come on , we need to get to class . '' 
 * * * tuck had spent all of homeroom showing me where to go for my classes and finished just as the bell rang for first period . 
 the hallways filled with kids rushing to various points on campus and though most did n't have the time to even consider the new kid without the face , they still stopped and stared . 
 the news was traveling fast and i was the number one topic of conversation . 
 i hoped that would end soon and everyone would go back to whatever it was they had done before . 
 i saw kaylin from a distance standing with paul and some other kids . 
 she sensed me and looked up . 
 i waved and she waved back . 
 then she turned and went back to her friends . 
 first period was history and mr. cartright watched me come in to the room , but said nothing as the rest of the kids filed in with us . 
 he wore a sport coat with those patches on the elbows and kept a pencil tucked behind his left ear . 
 he had little crumbs of some kind of donut or pastry in his beard , but either did n't notice or did n't care . 
 i sat next to tuck in the third row . 
 the tardy bell rang for first period and two boys ran in at the last second and scrambled to their seats . 
 `` forget something , boys ? '' 
 mr. cartright said . 
 one of the late kids jumped up and shut the door . 
 he stumbled as he returned to the desk and the other kids laughed . 
 `` i see that you not only forgot to shut the door , william , but you forgot how to walk . '' 
 more laughter as mr. cartright smiled and stood up behind his desk . 
 william grinned as his face turned darker . 
 mr. cartright took the pencil from behind his ear and tapped it on the side of his head as he studied the class . 
 his eyes passed over me quickly and then moved on . 
 `` does anyone know who helen keller was ? '' 
 hands shot up around the class and he pointed to a girl in the front row . 
 `` lisa . '' 
 `` she was a deaf , dumb , and blind girl who wrote a book . '' 
 the class burst out laughing . 
 even mr. cartright could n't suppress a smile . 
 `` close . 
 the dumb part is dated . 
 helen keller was very intelligent . 
 she was the first deaf and blind person in this country to graduate from a university . '' 
 `` i do n't know why i said that , '' lisa said . 
 `` it 's because you 're a blond , '' a boy in the back said . 
 more laughter . 
 lisa stuck her tongue out at the boy , but grinned anyway . 
 `` speak for yourself , john , '' mr. cartright said . 
 john was blonde himself . 
 someone threw a wad of paper at john . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'm losing control , '' mr. cartright said . 
 `` settle down . 
 back to helen keller . 
 who knows what else she was famous for ? '' 
 a girl in the back raised her hand and mr. cartright nodded to her . 
 `` shelly . '' 
 `` she raised awareness about handicapped people and helped to create equal rights for them . '' 
 `` very good . 
 she believed strongly that handicapped people in america were being wrongfully persecuted and fought very hard to gain awareness and eventually equal rights for them . '' 
 `` she was kind of ugly , '' a kid next to me blurted out . 
 `` and that 's important , how , mr. kincaid ? '' 
 `` i 'm just saying ... '' `` that 's part of the issue she fought so hard for . 
 just because a person has a disability or handicap does not mean that they lack beauty , depth , or intelligence . '' 
 the kid shrugged , but said nothing else . 
 `` now , mr. kincaid demonstrated so accurately the prejudices that plagued the times back in helen keller 's days and though he probably meant to only appear humorous , he strikes a cord that still exists in all of humanity . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` we , as a race , still have a tendency to place people into molds . 
 categorize them and classify them so they fit into a prescribed category . 
 what 's another term for this ? '' 
 nobody raised a hand . 
 `` think about it , folks . 
 what other ways has history bunched people into groups that were persecuted ? '' 
 `` nazis , '' a boy blurted out . 
 mr. cartright nodded and pointed to him . 
 `` negros , '' a girl said . 
 mr. cartright nodded again . 
 `` we use the term african americans now in this country , but yes , negros would be correct . 
 anything else ? '' 
 `` pollocks . '' 
 the class laughed . 
 `` the polish have been persecuted before , yes . 
 so , what 's the word i 'm looking for that describes this ideological way of thinking ? '' 
 two hands went up and mr. cartright pointed to tuck . 
 `` tucker . '' 
 `` racism . '' 
 `` yes . 
 racism . 
 does racism still exist in the world today ? '' 
 nods and affirmations permeated the whole class . 
 `` yes it does . 
 it 's gotten a whole lot better , but groups of people and individuals are still being persecuted today because of their color , religion , race , beliefs , and disabilities . 
 do you know where it is most prevalent in this modern world ? '' 
 hands went up . 
 he pointed to a boy in the back . 
 `` congress . '' 
 mr. cartright chuckled but shook his head . 
 `` some think so , but that 's not what i 'm thinking of . '' 
 he pointed to a girl on my right . 
 `` harlem . '' 
 `` possibly , but i 'm searching for something broader . 
 a much larger group of people . '' 
 the class fell silent . 
 i knew what was coming . 
 `` no one ? 
 i 'll give you a hint . 
 billy posts a picture of suzy on facebook and tells the world she 's gay . 
 here 's another : billy says to bobby that he 'll pound his face in if he does n't give him some money . '' 
 `` you 're talking about bullying , '' a girl said in the front row . 
 `` exactly . 
 so what group is still practicing a form of persecution in these united states ? '' 
 silence . 
 one hand goes up after a few more seconds . 
 `` robert . '' 
 `` us ? '' 
 `` you . 
 school age children and young adults . 
 surprised ? '' 
 murmurs ratcheted up in the class as everyone talked to everyone else . 
 somehow i could n't get the feeling out of my head that this was all for my benefit . 
 that mr. cartright was trying to make a point . 
 i still did n't know if i appreciated it or not . 
 questions and accusations were flung at mr. cartright faster than he could handle them and he raised his hands to calm everyone down . 
 `` you 're upset about this revelation ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` are n't you being somewhat prejudiced yourself , mr. cartright , by lumping all of us into your ` group ? '' ' 
 mr. cartright smiled . 
 `` i am , are n't i ? '' 
 `` not all of us bully or pick on other kids , '' a girl up front said . 
 `` but have you yourself been a victim of bullying ? 
 how did it feel ? '' 
 `` it hurt , '' a kid said in the back . 
 `` i did n't do anything and they put me down because i laugh funny . '' 
 `` i was cornered after school by some older kids . 
 they knocked the books out of my hand and punched me in the mouth . 
 i still do n't know why . '' 
 `` sometimes they wo n't let me use the toilet in the girls ' room , '' one said . 
 `` they tell me to find another place to piss . '' 
 mr. cartright listened to it all and when it stopped he paced in front of his desk for a moment . 
 we waited . 
 `` everyone , stand up , '' he said . 
 we all looked around the room at each other , but nobody moved . 
 `` come on , stand up . '' 
 the class mumbled and got to their feet . 
 `` all right , '' mr. cartright said . 
 `` look around you . 
 to the left . 
 the right . 
 go ahead , stare at the person behind you . '' 
 `` there 's no one behind me , mr. c. '' the class laughed at the guy in the back row who spoke . 
 `` okay , tim . 
 you 're right . 
 this will be easier for you then . 
 i want you to point to somebody who is different than you . '' 
 tim stood there with a funny look on his face . 
 his eyes tracked around and then settled back to the front . 
 he did n't point . 
 `` nobody ? '' 
 mr. cartright asked . 
 tim shook his head . 
 `` so you 're saying that everybody in this room is the same as you ? 
 same hair , same eyes , same clothes ... '' `` no . '' 
 `` want to try again ? '' 
 tim pointed to the girl next to him . 
 `` sheila , '' mr. cartright said . 
 `` point to somebody who is different . '' 
 sheila pointed to a kid in the front row . 
 mr. cartright motioned to him . 
 `` terri . 
 anybody different in here that you can see ? '' 
 terri pointed at mr. cartright . 
 the class chuckled . 
 mr. cartright grinned . 
 `` good , '' mr. cartright said . 
 `` everybody is different . 
 no one in this class is the same . 
 everyone is special and that makes for a very interesting world . 
 if we were all the same , think how plain and boring everything would be . 
 would n't it suck ? '' 
 a few kids answered , but all of us nodded our heads . 
 `` so , with that in mind , be nice to people . 
 respect your neighbor . 
 show you care . 
 if everyone were just like you , it would be a pretty damn boring world . '' 
 `` mr. c said ` damn , '' ' tim said , and the tension was broken . 
 mr. cartright grinned as the class laughed . 
 everybody sat back down . 
 suffice it to say , i liked mr. cartright from the start . 
 the next class was different . 
 tuck went to p.e. and i went to algebra . 
 the teacher was a woman who had gray hair and kept it up in a tight bun at the top of her head . 
 there was very little color in her aura except for a bit of orange at the center . 
 she stood straight up , shoulders back , and scowled over the glasses perched at the end of her nose . 
 her name was mrs. charneco . 
 `` we have a new student , today , '' she said . 
 `` lincoln , will you stand up please ? '' 
 i stood and wondered if i would have to endure this in every class . 
 it seemed a waste since every kid in the whole school knew that i was here . 
 how could you miss me ? 
 `` lincoln , tell us about yourself . '' 
 i stood there for a second not sure what to do and then she realized her mistake and cleared her throat . 
 `` you may write on the chalkboard . '' 
 everyone stared at me as i moved to the front of the class and grabbed a piece of chalk . 
 i wrote . 
 `` lincoln delabar . 
 i 'm fourteen . 
 i like football . 
 i do n't eat food like everyone else . 
 i ca n't talk like you can , but i do have ears and can hear . 
 i see by vibrations , like sonar . 
 i can talk to animals . '' 
 the class laughed at that one . 
 `` thank you , lincoln . 
 i do n't care much for jokesters in this class so just remember that . '' 
 `` i 'm not joking , '' i wrote . 
 a few more giggles , but most had grown silent . 
 there was a small aquarium at the front of the class where a white mouse sat in a pile of wood chips and saw dust , staring at me . 
 i had noticed him right off when i came in and he had felt me . 
 he sat there waiting . 
 i moved over to the aquarium and lifted the lid . 
 `` lincoln , what are you doing ? '' 
 mrs. charneco asked . 
 i held up my hand for her to wait just a second . 
 i could tell she was surprised at this , but she did n't stop me . 
 i put my hand in and the little guy climbed up onto my fingers and into my palm . 
 i lifted him out and brought him close to my face . 
 he walked up and touched my skin with his tiny foot . 
 i opened to him and saw everything . 
 the class murmured at this and one boy even said , `` what the heck is he doing ? '' 
 `` that 's enough , lincoln . 
 put him back . '' 
 i went to the chalkboard as the little mouse climbed my sleeve and sat on my shoulder by my ear . 
 i wrote . 
 `` his name is herman . 
 he likes his home . 
 he wishes he had different food every once in a while and he hates it when you poke at him with the yellow stick . '' 
 mrs. charneco 's face turned dark and her aura flamed green for a second and then turned a bright red . 
 the whole class turned to her and stared . 
 `` that 's a cute trick , young man , but like i said , i do n't like jokesters in my classroom . 
 you 'll do well to remember that . 
 now put him back and sit down . '' 
 she dismissed me with a wave of her hand . 
 i wrote more on the chalkboard . 
 `` it 's not a trick . '' 
 she stopped and read what i wrote . 
 `` you could have learned his name from any one of the kids in my class and the other things you just made up . 
 i do n't know what you mean by poking him with a stick . '' 
 `` you poke him with a pencil when he makes too much noise . '' 
 she looked uncomfortable for a moment . 
 `` that 's ridiculous . 
 i would never ... '' i wrote . 
 `` he also says he 's sorry he bit you the other day , but you were hurting him and he did n't know how to make you stop . '' 
 she had actually pulled him up by his tail when he would n't be quiet and thumped him on the head with the pencil . 
 i did n't tell the class that . 
 `` he 's a mouse , '' she said lamely . 
 i wrote again , taking my time . 
 i wanted her to understand . 
 `` he 's a living thing with feelings and wants . 
 he likes his home and the sound of the kids and he loves you , but he does n't know why you poke him . 
 he loves you . '' 
 mrs. charneco stood there with a look on her face i could n't read . 
 she cleared her throat again and regained her composure . 
 `` please , '' she said , softly . 
 `` put herman back and return to your seat , lincoln . '' 
 i did as she asked and all the eyes in the class followed me back to my seat . 
 `` let 's get our books out now , children . 
 chapter 10 . '' 
 she glanced at me again and nodded . 
 maybe i had saved little herman from future pokings . 
 i guess we 'd have to see . 
 the boy next to me leaned over as he bent for his books and whispered , `` that was cool , man . 
 wish i could talk to animals . '' 
 i nodded and typed on my little computer . 
 `` i like the zoo . '' 
 `` i bet . 
 i 'm chase . '' 
 `` call me linc . 
 or blank . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` blank , huh ? 
 that 's kind of cool too . '' 
 and so it went . 
 the rest of the day was mostly repeats of the same , with the exception of herman . 
 in science class there were a few snakes and rats in cages , but i did n't link with them , though they sensed me and grew quiet as i approached . 
 no one noticed . 
 tuck ate lunch with me and for the most part we just sat and i took in all the noise and laughter of a big hall full of kids goofing off and eating their food . 
 of course , i did n't eat , but i had nowhere else to go while assigned this lunch period . 
 tuck ate a tuna sandwich his mom had made and saved the chips for later . 
 rodney and andy from the bus were there and they pointed and laughed at us from across the room . 
 the older kids around them joined them in whatever they were saying about us . 
 persecution at its best . 
 i realized there were always going to be the rodneys of the world and i 'd better learn to deal with it or life was going to be long and miserable . 
 the bus ride home was where the problems started and i knew my mother was going to have a fit . 
 rodney and andy were not making it easy . 
 as tuck and i climbed the steps to the bus , rodney and andy ran up and pushed us both out of the way shoving past to get inside first . 
 `` watch it , losers , '' rodney said , and shoved tuck into the dashboard of the bus . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 the bus driver shouted . 
 `` that is enough . 
 i will not allow you to bully kids on my bus . '' 
 rodney shrugged , and moved toward the back of the bus . 
 `` you 're an idiot , '' tuck said under his breath and rodney froze and turned back . 
 `` what did you call me ? '' 
 `` how about you 're a damn idiot ? 
 does that make more sense to you ? '' 
 `` hey , '' the driver said . 
 `` watch your language . '' 
 tuck glared at the driver . 
 `` you four take your seats . '' 
 andy remained quiet around me , but watched me like a hawk . 
 he was the one i was worried about and i would learn that i had good reason to be . 
 `` whatever , grandma , '' rodney said and made his way to the back of the bus . 
 we followed . 
 the only seat left was across the aisle from rodney and andy , so we slumped into it and sat . 
 tuck was still angry and i tried to calm him down in my head . 
 he was having none of it . 
 `` ca n't you just pick him up and throw him across the bus ? '' 
 tuck said to me in my head . 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't just toss everyone who pisses me off . 
 they 'd probably cart me off to some lab to study or dissect me or something . '' 
 `` yeah , i guess you 're right . 
 still . 
 those assholes deserve it . '' 
 rodney continued his comments on the ride home while andy sat in silence . 
 he was staring at me and it was starting to irritate me . 
 i finally typed something into my computer and held it up . 
 `` what 's your problem ? '' 
 `` the missing link wants to know what my problem is , '' rodney said to andy . 
 i shook my head and pointed to andy . 
 rodney grinned . 
 andy finally spoke . 
 `` i do n't like you . '' 
 `` you do n't know me . '' 
 `` let 's keep it that way , freak . 
 my father knows all about you . 
 he says you should stay in your cage and leave the rest of us alone . '' 
 `` your father does n't know what he 's talking about . '' 
 `` just watch your back , freak . '' 
 `` you 're scared of me . 
 if you knew me you would n't be scared . '' 
 `` i 'm not scared of shit , '' andy spat . 
 `` especially a fourteen year old freak without a face . 
 can you see this coming ? '' 
 i did n't . 
 his fist slammed into my face and rocked me back against the window . 
 the shock and pain were like bright white sparks that flared in my vision and then my nostrils started to bleed . 
 tuck moved , but rodney pinned him back against his seat . 
 the bus driver had witnessed all this and pulled off of the road , the brakes squealing as she came to stop . 
 she stood up and moved quickly to where rodney held tuck . 
 `` let him go , '' she said . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she asked me and i nodded . 
 `` you two , '' she pointed . 
 `` move . 
 up front where i can watch you . 
 you 're both on report and if i ever see this from you again , you 'll be banned from this bus . '' 
 she turned back around and moved forward . 
 `` i think you 're as blind as a bat , '' andy leaned over to me and whispered . 
 `` and bats are nothing but flying rodents . 
 stay the hell away from me . '' 
 he glared at me and then stood up . 
 rodney did the same . 
 `` stupid little pricks , '' rodney said . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 the bus driver said . 
 `` move ! '' 
 andy grinned but said nothing . 
 they moved to the front seats and slumped down into them . 
 i could feel tuck 's questioning in my head and i told him i was all right . 
 he wanted to know why i did n't fight back . 
 `` he 's not worth it , '' i said . 
 `` he wo n't leave you alone , now . '' 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 maybe i should have listened to tuck . 
 andy prindel hated me . 
 i had no idea why . 
 and he showed me how much almost every day . 
 chapter 4 andy , rodney , paul , and avril . 
 trouble mom freaked out when she saw me . 
 the blood on my face had mostly dried , but was still smeared all around where i had tried to clean it off . 
 it stung as air moved in and out of my lungs , but it was easing off as time passed . 
 joey grinned at me and sipped a beer . 
 `` rough day ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what does the other guy look like ? '' 
 `` shut up , joey , '' mom said . 
 `` see ? 
 i told you this would happen . '' 
 she grabbed a rag from the drawer and wet it . 
 i let her clean the blood from my face as tuck watched . 
 he was rolling his eyes at me . 
 `` who did this to you ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 she saw andy prindel in my head and she paused . 
 i could see a man in her head and the name burt prindel , then she changed what she was thinking and it slipped away . 
 everybody was getting better at hiding their thoughts from one another , but mom was still pretty open . 
 she looked me over and pronounced me bruised but okay . 
 `` that 's it . 
 i do n't want you going back , '' she said . 
 `` mom . 
 i like it . 
 i want to go back . '' 
 `` you 're not scared ? '' 
 `` a little . 
 but i can handle it . 
 i 'm a big boy . '' 
 tuck laughed and mom smiled at it . 
 `` did you get a good lick in on the kid who did this ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 `` stop , '' mom said and glared at her brother . 
 `` he did n't fight back , '' tuck said . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 joey asked and stood up from the recliner . 
 `` you ca n't let kids push you around . '' 
 `` he 's big , '' i typed . 
 `` why would i volunteer for more of a beating ? '' 
 `` you 've got a point . 
 still . 
 he wo n't leave you alone until you stand up to him . '' 
 `` stop this nonsense , '' mom said . 
 `` i 'll have a talk with his father . 
 i wo n't have my son getting into fights just to prove something . 
 a seventeen year old should not be hitting a fourteen year old . '' 
 `` i 'll talk to the seventeen year old , '' joey said , a grin on his face . 
 `` no . 
 you two will make it worse , '' i typed . 
 `` he 'll leave me alone . 
 he just has to learn not to be afraid of me . '' 
 `` does n't sound like he 's afraid of you to me , '' joey said . 
 `` his dad thinks linc 's a freak , '' tuck said . 
 he was n't helping . 
 `` burt prindel would think that , '' mom said . 
 she turned away and a brief glimpse of the man popped into her head again . 
 the man was grabbing my mother by the arms and his face was in a rage . 
 her thoughts moved away again , quickly . 
 `` i still do n't like this school thing . 
 you were fine at home , '' mom said . 
 `` i 'm going back , mom . 
 i want to go back . '' 
 `` he 'll be fine , '' joey said . 
 `` tuck and i are going to throw the football , '' i said . 
 `` tomorrow we 're trying out for the team and we want to practice . '' 
 `` football . 
 oh no . 
 football is too dangerous , '' mom said . 
 `` i wo n't allow it . '' 
 `` mary . 
 let the kid try out . 
 he 's good . 
 it 's not any more dangerous than getting punched in the face by a bully . '' 
 joey sipped his beer and winked at me . 
 `` that 's reassuring , '' mom said . 
 to me she said , `` why is this so important to you ? '' 
 `` because i like it . '' 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 `` because i 'm good at it . '' 
 `` he is , '' tuck said . 
 `` so am i. '' `` i wo n't stop worrying about you , '' she said . 
 `` you 'll just have to worry then , '' i said and smiled in my head . 
 she sighed . 
 `` go . '' 
 we dropped our books and ran for the door . 
 `` but if your nose starts bleeding again , you come right back in here . 
 you hear me ? '' 
 tuck and i were throwing the ball back and forth for a few minutes when paul drove up to drop kaylin off . 
 they sat in the car for a few minutes doing whatever it was they do and then she got out and hurried inside . 
 she did n't even wave to me . 
 paul backed out of the drive and started to pull away . 
 he stopped and watched us throw the ball for a few minutes . 
 i told tuck to go long and threw a huge spiral to him and he caught it on the run without as much as a hiccup in his step . 
 paul got out of the car and yelled . 
 `` how the hell did you do that ? '' 
 i could n't answer him . 
 i did n't have my computer so tuck yelled back . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` throw the ball that far . 
 he 's like fourteen or something . 
 that 's impossible . '' 
 `` he 's just good . 
 can you throw it that far ? '' 
 he came out from behind the car and walked up . 
 he stuck his hand out for the ball and tuck handed it to him . 
 `` go long , '' he said . 
 `` both of you . '' 
 we took off and he threw the ball . 
 it was a nice tight spiral but it did n't have the power of mine and we had to slow up to meet the ball . 
 we both jostled each other playfully and i jumped over tuck 's head and snatched it out of his arms . 
 i did a touchdown dance and spiked the ball . 
 paul was n't smiling . 
 we jogged back over to him and he stared at me . 
 `` your sister says you can do stuff with your head . 
 is that true ? '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 `` let him answer . '' 
 `` he does n't have his computer . 
 he ca n't . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 tuck paused . 
 `` i saw him leave it in the house . '' 
 `` can you do stuff with your mind ? '' 
 he asked me again . 
 i shrugged and pointed to his head . 
 `` he can read people 's minds , '' tuck said . 
 `` read mine . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` he ca n't just read anybody 's . 
 something has to happen . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' tuck lied . 
 `` he does n't either . '' 
 `` you seem to know a lot , '' paul said to tuck . 
 `` he 's my best friend . '' 
 paul looked back and forth between us , his mind trying to work something out . 
 he took the ball from tuck and handed it to me . 
 `` throw one to me . '' 
 he jogged off and then ran at full speed . 
 i judged his rate without even thinking about it and let the ball fly . 
 it settled into his hands , a perfect strike . 
 he jogged to a walk and then jogged back . 
 `` pretty good , '' he said . 
 `` are you going to try out for jv ? '' 
 `` tomorrow , '' tuck said . 
 he nodded and handed the ball back to me . 
 he walked back to his car . 
 `` tell kaylin i 'll pick her up at eight , '' he yelled , and then drove off . 
 tuck looked at me . 
 `` that 's probably going to be trouble . '' 
 `` i was thinking the same thing . '' 
 * * * the next day , the school bus ride was tolerable . 
 rodney continued his rule over the bus and andy stayed silent , but still glared at me like i was a leper . 
 he kept his hands to himself though . 
 maybe my hard head had bruised his knuckles . 
 i could only hope . 
 the whisperings and giggles followed me around the campus again , a few of the older kids bumping into me on purpose and then pretending it was an accident . 
 i could only guess they were dared to touch me . 
 some i just stared at and it was fun to watch their expressions change when the faceless kid gave them the willies . 
 i 'm sure it was pretty weird to have this blank face with no expression whatsoever concentrate its attention on you . 
 sometimes being this way was fun . 
 in my classes , they were getting used to me and seemed to understand that i was not going to put the mojo on them or turn into some kind of vampire . 
 i did n't participate that much anyway that first few days . 
 it was overwhelming just being in school . 
 avril was in my last period class and i was able to sit closer to her than the day before . 
 she smiled at me and i caught myself staring at her . 
 the colors around her were mesmerizing . 
 i could see things were special about her , though nobody else seemed to notice . 
 i wondered if she knew she was different . 
 she caught me staring and smiled . 
 then gave me a gentle look like ` what ? ' 
 there were times in my life that i really resented not having lips or eyes or any kind of facial expressions and this was one of those . 
 i really wished she could see me smile . 
 it might make her like me . 
 she reached over and touched my pocket computer and i picked it up and typed . 
 `` sorry . 
 i do n't mean to stare at you . 
 you just have this really pretty aura around you . 
 it 's beautiful . '' 
 she read it and smiled big , her face darkening in a blush . 
 the colors around her blazed as if on fire and it made me take a breath in . 
 `` you see auras ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i wish i could show you yours . 
 you 'd see what i mean then . '' 
 `` i hate to see myself . 
 the mirror is not my friend . '' 
 `` this is different . 
 it 's hard to explain . 
 it 's your true self , the inner beauty that is inside you . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i 'd want to see . 
 it might be embarrassing . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` this might seem weird ... '' i reached my hand up slowly toward her face and hesitated . 
 i did n't know if this would work . 
 she looked scared , but then softened . 
 she nodded slightly . 
 i touched her soft skin and the tingling spread to my fingertips . 
 little electric shocks rushed up my spine and spread outward toward her . 
 she flinched the tiniest bit and then i showed her what i saw . 
 her eyes turned to me and locked on to my face . 
 her expression changed to one of wonder , her mouth opening slightly as she gasped and held her breath . 
 she smiled then , a wondrous , beautiful thing that i did n't want to end . 
 `` i see it , '' she whispered . 
 `` oh my god . 
 that 's me ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i see you too . 
 i 've never seen such a beautiful shade of blue . '' 
 the teacher cleared his throat and i pulled my hand away . 
 `` is everything all right , avril ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she was still staring at me , her face shocked and serene all at the same time . 
 `` avril ? '' 
 she turned and nodded to him . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 he watched us for a second and then went back to his notes . 
 she looked back at me and touched my arm . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm glad i could let you see . 
 now you know why i was staring . '' 
 `` i thought it was because you were the weird kid who liked me . '' 
 `` well , that too , '' i typed and she giggled . 
 `` you 're not so weird after all . '' 
 `` nope . 
 just faceless . 
 and a little creepy . '' 
 she shook her head slowly , no . 
 `` not creepy at all . 
 i know now . 
 i saw your real self . '' 
 `` you have to be my friend now . 
 it 's a law . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` friends . '' 
 after class she walked with me to meet tuck and i tried my best to type on my computer as we carried our books . 
 it was n't easy . 
 tuck was waiting for me by the gym . 
 he said hi to avril and then she left to meet her dad . 
 i watched her go as tuck picked through my head . 
 `` i did n't know you could do that , '' he said . 
 `` me neither . 
 it was something i just had a feeling about . '' 
 `` what did she do ? '' 
 `` she smiled . 
 she 's now my friend . '' 
 tuck laughed . 
 `` i bet . '' 
 i saw her turn the corner and bump into someone again . 
 her books flew from her hands and scattered onto the sidewalk . 
 rodney and andy laughed at her and kicked one of her books out of the way as they moved off . 
 i started toward her and tuck grabbed my arm . 
 `` let it go . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i ran up to her and helped her pick up her books . 
 she was crying and she hid her face , embarrassed . 
 `` those guys are jerks , '' she finally said . 
 `` i know . 
 andy punched me on the bus yesterday . 
 right in the face . '' 
 her face turned to me and the tears tracked lonely streaks down her cheeks . 
 she seemed to have forgotten about them . 
 tuck came up then . 
 `` he hit you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded . 
 she looked away . 
 `` i hate him . 
 he lives down the street from me . 
 he hurt my cat when she wandered into his yard . '' 
 i turned to watch rodney and andy . 
 they pushed another kid our age out of their way and laughed . 
 then they turned a corner and were gone . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` tell me where you live . '' 
 she tilted her head at me . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 in case i wanted to hang out . 
 i 'm sure you do n't live very far from tuck and me if andy lives close to you . 
 he rides our bus . 
 how come you do n't ? '' 
 `` my dad wo n't let me ride the bus . 
 he says it 's not safe . '' 
 `` can i come over some time ? '' 
 she smiled and glanced at tuck . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 she told me her house number and street and i watched her walk away . 
 she turned back once before she disappeared , and waved . 
 `` you like her , do n't you ? '' 
 tuck teased . 
 `` she 's special , '' i said . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 `` you ca n't see her through me ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm not sure what you mean though . '' 
 `` her colors . 
 can you see her colors ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` that 's weird . 
 she could she herself through me . 
 i wonder what the difference is . '' 
 tuck shrugged . 
 `` come on . 
 we have to run if we want to try out . 
 we 're late . '' 
 we took off and got to the practice field as the team was suiting up . 
 the coach looked my way and did a double take as we ran up . 
 tuck did the talking . 
 `` we want to try out , coach , '' he said . 
 `` try outs were three weeks ago . 
 you 're too late . '' 
 `` he just started school yesterday , '' tuck said , motioning to me . 
 the coach looked at me . 
 `` he ca n't even see ; how can he play football ? '' 
 `` he can see . 
 it 's just different from us . '' 
 i had attracted some attention from the other guys on the team and a small crowd formed around us . 
 i could tell they were n't sure what to make of me . 
 `` can he speak for himself ? '' 
 i pulled out my computer and typed . 
 `` i can . '' 
 `` with that ? 
 how can you play football if you ca n't talk to your teammates ? 
 i do n't know . '' 
 `` i can catch , '' i typed . 
 `` and so can tuck . '' 
 `` i 've got plenty of wide receivers . 
 i need defensive players and you guys are kinda small . '' 
 `` i can throw too . 
 just give us a chance . '' 
 he read the screen and looked at the little crowd around us . 
 most of the boys were older than tuck and me by a year or two , but i recognized some of the faces from my classes . 
 `` one pass , '' tuck said . 
 `` he throws it to me and i catch it . 
 if you do n't think we can play after that , we 'll go home . '' 
 `` kinda hard to judge your ability with one pass and catch , '' the coach said . 
 `` it will be all you need . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 the coach looked back and forth between us and then shrugged . 
 `` give him the ball shaun , '' he said and a tall redheaded kid tossed it to me . 
 tuck and i walked out on the field and tuck said , `` just like at home . 
 easy . '' 
 i could see the varsity players on the big field and picked paul out in his practice uniform , warming up . 
 rodney and andy were also suiting up . 
 they saw me and pointed , laughing . 
 paul stopped and watched . 
 `` run hard and then cut right to the sideline , '' i said . 
 `` the ball will be waiting for you . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 we lined up next to each other and i pretended to hike the ball to myself , moving backwards . 
 tuck took off fast and i waited a beat . 
 cocking my arm , the familiar tingle started in my back and worked its way to my fingers and i let the ball fly , just as tuck broke to the right . 
 the ball soared like a bullet , low and fast , the spiral a little wobbly , but right on the money . 
 tuck opened his hands and the ball struck him in the chest . 
 he wrapped his arms around it and tucked it in . 
 he ran out of bounds and came to a stop , grinning . 
 i could see rodney and andy , the grins wiped off of their faces , and paul shifting his weight from one foot to the next . 
 a few young kids made excited comments and the coach looked back and forth between us and then settled on me . 
 he motioned with his hand . 
 `` can you do it again ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he pointed to tuck . 
 `` go long . '' 
 tuck grinned and tossed the ball back to me . 
 we lined up again and he took off for the end zone . 
 he was booking it at full speed and i reared back and let the ball go . 
 it sailed skyward , a big , arcing pass with the spiral tight and pretty . 
 tuck looked back and ran under the ball at speed and caught it as he crossed the goal line . 
 he did a quick dance and then spiked the ball . 
 a couple of the kids hooted and pumped their fists . 
 the coach signaled tuck back . 
 we walked over and waited . 
 `` what 's your age ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 i typed fourteen and he nodded . 
 `` you 're a bit young , but you sure can throw . 
 how do you do it ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` practice , '' i typed . 
 `` what 's your name , son ? '' 
 `` linc . 
 but some call me blank . '' 
 `` all right , linc . 
 we 'll give you a shot . 
 i 'm concerned about your lack of communication abilities , but we might be able to work something special out . '' 
 `` what about me , coach ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 `` you definitely have some speed . 
 and you can catch . 
 you 're in too . 
 tuck , was it ? '' 
 he nodded and smiled , looking at me . 
 `` be here , tomorrow right after school and we 'll get you measured for some pads and practice uniforms . 
 do you have cleats ? '' 
 we both shook our heads . 
 `` get some . 
 be here tomorrow . '' 
 he turned and went back to the team . 
 tuck high-fived me and we turned to go . 
 i could see rodney and andy watching us as we walked away . 
 paul had gone back to throwing the ball . 
 tomorrow was going to be a good day . 
 i could feel it . 
 * * * mom did n't like having to pay for the cleats , but she gave joey some money and he took tuck and me to the sports outlet . 
 she told me it was an early birthday present . 
 at the store , joey bought me a new football . 
 i told him he did n't have to do that , but he insisted . 
 `` if you 're going to play , you need the best . 
 that old ratty thing of mine you guys are using now wo n't do . '' 
 `` that 's a lot of money , '' i typed . 
 `` you can give it back to me by making first string . '' 
 i held the new ball to my nose and smelled the clean leather and some kind of chemical used in its construction . 
 `` what 's up with you and sniffing footballs ? '' 
 joey joked . 
 i shrugged and handed it to him . 
 `` it smells good , '' i typed . 
 he laughed and grabbed it from me . 
 he sniffed . 
 `` smells like a football to me . '' 
 we paid and went home . 
 tuck took his change back to his mom and put his cleats on while i waited with mine out in the corner lot . 
 sadie and the pups were with me and they sat and watched us play . 
 it felt weird running in the cleats , and tuck stumbled a couple of times , but we eventually got used to them . 
 the new ball felt different in my hands and i was worried i might have a hard time throwing it , but it was still just a football and after a couple of tosses it felt comfortable and solid . 
 i told tuck to go long and as i was rearing back to throw , a lone figure of color turned the corner at the end of the street and walked this way . 
 i stopped and stared . 
 tuck kept running and when he realized i was n't going to throw the ball , he yelled . 
 `` what the heck , dude ? 
 throw the ball . '' 
 i pointed and he followed my finger . 
 i would recognize those colors anywhere . 
 avril walked up with a small smile on her lips and stopped at the curb . 
 she waved . 
 i waved back and went to her as tuck ran over . 
 `` hi , '' she said . 
 `` hi , '' i typed . 
 `` what are you doing around here ? '' 
 `` i came to see you . '' 
 tuck jogged up , winded , and bent over , putting his hands on his knees as he caught his breath . 
 i tossed him the ball . 
 `` hey , avril , '' he said . 
 she smiled at him , but turned back to me . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 i was bored . '' 
 `` how did you find us ? '' 
 `` i just guessed . 
 i figured you would be around here somewhere . '' 
 she looked a little distracted . 
 i wondered why she really came to find me . 
 `` actually , '' she said . 
 `` i did n't even wander around looking . 
 it was like i knew you would be right in this spot . 
 weird , huh ? '' 
 `` we 're just practicing , '' i said . 
 `` you made the football team , huh ? '' 
 she looked disappointed . 
 `` yeah . 
 you do n't like football ? '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 the guys that play it i do n't like . '' 
 `` what 's the matter with them ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 `` they 're kinda jerks . '' 
 `` we 're not jerks , '' he said . 
 she laughed . 
 `` i know . 
 i meant some of the other ones . 
 like andy and rodney . '' 
 `` they 're on varsity though , '' i said . 
 `` the guys with us seem okay . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` do you want to play with us ? 
 we 're just throwing it around . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'll watch . '' 
 sadie and the puppies wandered over and avril 's face lit up . 
 she bent to pet hawkins who had jumped up on her shin . 
 she laughed . 
 `` they 're so cute . 
 whose are they ? '' 
 `` they 're ours , '' tuck said , then corrected himself . 
 `` well , we feed them and take care of them anyway . 
 that one is hawkins . 
 the mama is sadie . '' 
 she picked up pepper and rubbed her ears . 
 pepper licked her face . 
 `` i 'll sit with them , '' she said . 
 `` you guys can go back to playing . '' 
 tuck tossed the ball to me and moved away . 
 i stood for a minute longer watching her play with the dogs . 
 she laughed as they all jumped on her when she sat . 
 they liked her right away . 
 that made me like her even more . 
 the colors around her had shifted slightly more purple , but they still shone with a light that came from within her . 
 i 'd never seen anything like it and i wondered what it meant . 
 `` come on , linc , '' tuck shouted . 
 `` throw the ball . '' 
 she looked up at me , squinting , and laughed some more . 
 she had a good laugh . 
 it was musical and it matched the colors that surrounded her . 
 i pulled myself away and jogged over to the center of the lot and threw the ball to tuck . 
 he ran and caught it on the fly and then tossed it back to me . 
 when i threw it to him again , it went wild and sailed over his head . 
 he ran after it and picked it up . 
 he knew i was distracted and i could see he was irritated about it . 
 `` sorry , '' i said . 
 `` she 's going to mess with your head . 
 i can tell . '' 
 `` there 's something about her . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i know what it is . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she 's a girl . '' 
 he had said this last part out loud and i looked her way . 
 she was still playing with the puppies , but had looked up . 
 `` i am , '' she said and smiled . 
 `` that 's not okay with you ? '' 
 tuck stood there with the ball in his hand and i turned to him . 
 he was thinking that it was n't okay with him , but i told him to tell her it was . 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's fine , '' he said . 
 `` girls are just weird . '' 
 `` you guys are weird too . '' 
 but she was smiling and i could tell she was joking around . 
 tuck finally grinned and tossed the ball back to me . 
 `` i guess you 're only a little weird , '' he said , and she eyed him sideways . 
 pepper jumped up into her face and tackled her . 
 she rolled onto her back , giggling as the other puppies joined in . 
 tuck shook his head , but laughed too . 
 if only she could see in to their heads like we could . 
 the puppies were very excited she was there . 
 i think they saw something in her too . 
 sadie had never once growled at her like she did when others first got near the pups and that was something in itself . 
 we tossed the ball around for a while longer and then tuck 's mom called him in to eat . 
 i went over and sat next to avril . 
 hawkins came up to me and climbed into my lap . 
 i rubbed his belly as he made little growling noises . 
 `` they 're such good doggies , '' avril said . 
 `` i bet my cat would even get along with them . '' 
 `` they 're getting old enough to leave their mama , '' i typed . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 `` they really like you . '' 
 `` they do ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` they need a good home . '' 
 `` i could have one ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` sadie says it 's okay . 
 it 's time for them to leave her . '' 
 avril gave me a funny look , and then looked at sadie . 
 she woofed softly at her and avril 's eyebrows went up , her mouth opening in surprise . 
 `` did she woof at me ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` how does she know ? '' 
 `` she just does . '' 
 she looked back and forth between sadie and me as she scratched pepper 's ears . 
 `` this one 's my favorite . 
 she 's really all right with it ? '' 
 `` she trusts you . 
 i can tell . '' 
 she picked pepper up and let her lick her face . 
 `` she 's so sweet . '' 
 `` you just have to let her visit her brother and sister though . '' 
 `` every day , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll bring her every day . '' 
 her aura was so bright it almost hurt to look at it . 
 the smile on her face added to the beauty of it . 
 `` do you want to check with your mother ? '' 
 i asked . 
 her face clouded over slightly and the shimmer disappeared from around her . 
 `` i do n't have to ask , '' she said . 
 `` it will be all right . '' 
 `` i 'll help you if you need it . 
 i can give you some of their dog food to get started . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she stared at me and i could tell she was thinking something but was n't sure if she wanted to ask . 
 `` you can ask me anything , '' i said . 
 a smile touched the corners of her mouth . 
 `` you 're always so direct . 
 i 've only known you a little more than a day but i feel like i 've known you my whole life . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` it 's probably because i let you see . '' 
 `` what did you do to me ? '' 
 she was n't accusing me . 
 i could tell she was just curious . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i 've never tried that before . 
 i was n't sure if it would work . '' 
 `` you 're so different . '' 
 `` is that bad ? '' 
 she shook her head , smiling . 
 `` i like you . '' 
 `` i 've liked you from the second i saw you . '' 
 `` everybody is so scared of you , but i 'm not . '' 
 `` they do n't need to be . 
 it 's because they do n't know me . '' 
 she paused for a second and played with pepper some more . 
 she finally looked up at me . 
 `` can you show me again ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 my hand shook a tiny bit as i reached for her , the tingling already starting up in my fingers . 
 i had to be careful . 
 i did n't want to scare her away or hurt her , so i concentrated hard and reined it in a bit . 
 i touched her face and she closed her eyes . 
 i let her see . 
 she smiled , leaning in to my hand as she reached up and put hers over mine . 
 `` i see , '' she whispered . 
 `` i can see it . 
 yours is so blue . 
 like a picture of the deep ocean i saw once . '' 
 i spoke to her in her mind and she opened her eyes and stared at me . 
 `` yours is more beautiful , '' i said . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like it . '' 
 `` i can hear your voice . 
 are you talking to me in my head ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` it 's just like i imagined it . 
 how are you doing it ? '' 
 `` i can do it all the time with people i connect with . 
 this time is different though . 
 i have n't connected with you but i can still let you hear me . 
 i guess i learn new things about myself all the time . '' 
 it was hard to keep up the energy . 
 this was different than if i had let her open to me . 
 i let my hand fall away from her face and she pulled hers away , embarrassed . 
 i tried to let her hear me again , but the connection was now severed . 
 i typed . 
 `` i guess it only works if i 'm touching you . '' 
 `` you said it works all the time if we are connected . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i want it to be that way . 
 how ? '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 it ca n't be undone once we 're one . '' 
 she nodded slowly . 
 i knew in my heart that she probably was n't really ready for it , but i wanted to be close to her . 
 i reached for her hand and took it in my own . 
 she hesitated for a second . 
 `` does it hurt ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i put her hand to my face and she touched me with her fingertips . 
 i opened to her and we both began to tremble . 
 i held her hand steady as she gasped and the colors of her life spilled into me like a wave washing over us . 
 it was so strong that i held my breath . 
 she opened her eyes and started to cry . 
 `` oh my god . 
 i can feel you , '' she said . 
 she put her other hand to my face and leaned in and kissed the bare skin there . 
 the softness of her warm lips was something i had never felt before and it brought a tingling feeling where they caressed me . 
 she pulled away smiling . 
 `` that 's never happened before , '' i said . 
 `` is that a good thing ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i do n't know why i did that . 
 it was like i could n't stop myself . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i kind of liked it . '' 
 she giggled and stared at me harder . 
 then she pulled back . 
 `` oh my god . 
 i can see your face . 
 i can see it . '' 
 `` i do n't have one . '' 
 `` i can see your blue aura and over the skin there is a face . 
 it 's faint , but it 's there . '' 
 she smiled as her eyes twinkled . 
 i was in shock . 
 i did n't know what to think of this and it made me a little scared . 
 i 'd never been able to imagine how i might look and now i was scared to see . 
 `` you 're kinda cute , '' she said , still amazed . 
 she reached up to touch my face again . 
 `` that 's really cool . 
 it 's like you 're almost a ghost . '' 
 `` can i see ? '' 
 she nodded , understanding what i meant to do because she saw it in my mind . 
 i touched her face and let the tingling take over . 
 what i saw made me gasp . 
 the aura around me was deep blue . 
 a color that started almost purple at the edges and darkened as it moved inward . 
 her ocean description was pretty close and if i ever got to see the real thing this is what i would imagine it looked like . 
 at my head , a ghostly face peered back at me with large round eyes that had pupils a light green . 
 a small smile spread over the lips and teeth . 
 my eyes shone of their own light within the aura and i shivered at the sight . 
 `` you 're eyes are really cool , '' she said . 
 `` do you see them ? '' 
 i nodded , the strength starting to leave me as the energy it took to keep the vision open grew weaker . 
 i dropped my hand from her face and slumped there next to her . 
 i was panting . 
 sadie came up and licked my face , whimpering . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` just so tired . 
 it takes so much energy to do that . 
 i could n't hold it open any more . '' 
 she took a breath in and looked down at pepper in her lap . 
 then her head snapped up and her mouth fell open . 
 `` she just talked to me . 
 she wants to come home with me . 
 what is happening ? '' 
 `` they 're connected to me and that means that you are connected to them too as long as i 'm around . 
 i 'm like a radio antenna or something . '' 
 she started to laugh as pepper licked her face , the image in the puppy 's mind one of simple trust and loyalty . 
 avril 's aura shimmered again brightly as the wonder of all she was taking in filled her mind . 
 the weakness was leaving me slowly and i stood , holding out my hand to help her up . 
 she took it and stood , putting pepper down to sniff at her feet . 
 `` i have to go in soon , but i wanted to walk you home . '' 
 `` okay . 
 it 's not far . 
 i do n't want you to get in trouble . '' 
 `` i 'll tell my mom as we walk past my house . 
 she 'll hear me . '' 
 we started down the street and the dogs followed , running here and there and inspecting all there was to see . 
 as we got to my house , sadie woofed and hawkins and jayne went to her . 
 pepper paused , came over and sniffed sadie 's face and then went back to avril . 
 they were saying their goodbyes and it hurt to see . 
 pepper would be back to see them , but the puppy in her wanted to know more about the world . 
 she looked up and avril picked her up . 
 `` it 'll be okay , girl , '' she said . 
 `` we 'll come back to see them tomorrow and every day . 
 i promise . '' 
 pepper licked her face and she put her back down . 
 i told mom i 'd be right back and she came to the door to see avril . 
 she said nothing , but smiled as she watched us walk away . 
 i 'm sure i 'd have to tell her all about it when i got back . 
 as we walked , avril asked lots of questions about my past . 
 kaylin , mom , dad , joey , tuck , and sadie . 
 she could see most of it , but still wanted to know more . 
 i kept thinking of my face , and what i had seen and she smiled at me , knowing that my wonder at seeing my real self overshadowed everything else . 
 well , almost everything else . 
 she was here next to me and that was pretty cool . 
 `` it 's strange that you can see auras in everyone else , but not yourself . 
 what happens when you look in the mirror ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i do n't see a thing . 
 there are no vibrations in the glass so it 's like an empty space in front of me . '' 
 `` that has got to be so weird . '' 
 `` i never thought about it before . 
 it 's just always been that way for me . '' 
 `` will i be able to see the colors in people when you 're not around ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 you 'll have to see . '' 
 `` i wo n't be able to tell what pepper 's thinking , will i ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you 'll be able to figure it out . 
 you 're so good with her . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i guess . 
 it 's just that it 's pretty cool to hear her . '' 
 `` if you listen the right way , you 'll always hear her . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 `` you 're so different than all the others . 
 i wish i had known you before . '' 
 `` you 're my friend now . 
 you 'll always be connected to me . 
 always a part of me . 
 i 'll never go away . '' 
 `` never ? '' 
 `` never . '' 
 `` that 's scary , '' she said , but smiled . 
 `` i know . 
 sometimes i 'm not sure i can handle it , but so far , everyone i 've let in i still want in . 
 i 'm sure you 'll always be special to me . 
 there 's something about you , and even now , i 'm still not sure what that is . '' 
 `` i 'm just me . '' 
 `` and i 'm just me . '' 
 we were at her house and we stood there , an awkward silence between us . 
 she picked pepper up and looked at me . 
 `` see you tomorrow . '' 
 `` tomorrow . '' 
 i walked away and waited for her to fade from my senses . 
 i slowed , knowing it was coming , but wanting to put it off for as long as i could . 
 i did n't know why , but i wanted her there all the time . 
 i could feel her slipping away and i turned . 
 she was watching me from her porch and she waved . 
 i waved back , slowly . 
 she put pepper down and opened the door to her house , disappearing inside as an emptiness settled over me that i could n't quite get past . 
 i took one step back toward her house and then stopped . 
 i 'd see her tomorrow . 
 no . 
 i 'd feel her tomorrow . 
 and that would be good . 
 turning away , i started home , a smile on the ghost of a face that i could still picture in my mind . 
 the green eyes staring back at me and the pink hue of her showing me the way . 
 i concentrated on that image . 
 at least until andy prindel stepped in front of me and said , `` where you going , lover boy ? '' 
 a stupid grin covered his face and i backed up a step . 
 rodney had snuck behind me and blocked the way . 
 `` happy about making the football team ? '' 
 andy asked . 
 i did n't move . 
 his color was pitch black and it scared me . 
 `` too bad you wo n't be playing , '' he said as the bat he was holding behind his leg came out into view . 
 it came up and swung at my head . 
 i ducked , but too late . 
 the sound it made as it struck my skull echoed in my head and followed me into the darkness , the world spinning out of control . 
 the last thing i remember was avril screaming in the distance . 
 she was shrieking ` no ! 
 no ! 
 no ! ' 
 and all i wanted was to help her escape from whatever frightened her . 
 it would n't be until after that i would learn she was screaming for me . 
 the world went dark , matching andy 's horrible aura , and i dreamt of pain . 
 lots of pain . 
 chapter 5 where did everybody go ? 
 i awoke to blackness . 
 not darkness or dimness . 
 total blackout . 
 i could see nothing . 
 i did n't know where i was or what was happening and my heart started to pound in my chest as the panic spread through me . 
 then , i realized i could hear sounds and though i did n't know what they were , hearing something made me feel better . 
 someone touched my arm and i flinched . 
 `` you 're awake , '' a female voice said . 
 i did n't recognize it , and the fact that i was totally blind only made the voice seem even more foreign . 
 `` do you have any pain ? '' 
 the voice asked and i shook my head . 
 i felt heavy ; weighted down and sluggish , but nothing on me hurt . 
 `` your mother , sister and uncle stepped out for a bite to eat , but they will be back in a little while . 
 i know you ca n't talk , but i 'm lisa . 
 i 'm taking care of you today . '' 
 taking care of me ? 
 where the hell was i and what the hell happened ? 
 i shrugged my shoulders since i did n't know any other way to communicate . 
 i had no idea where my pocket computer was . 
 `` you do n't care ? '' 
 lisa asked . 
 i could hear a little hurt in her voice . 
 i shook my head and lifted my hand to make a writing motion . 
 my arm would n't bend and it felt heavy . 
 i reached over with my other hand and it was then i realized my right arm was in a cast . 
 now i really began to get anxious . 
 `` be careful , '' lisa said . 
 `` i 'm sure you 're still pretty sore . '' 
 my head was fuzzy and i could n't think straight . 
 i touched my left hand to my face and felt bandages across it and wrapped around my head . 
 `` do n't pull on those . 
 we do n't want them to come off yet . '' 
 what the heck was going on ? 
 i could n't remember anything and had no idea what day or even what time it was . 
 how old was i ? 
 where was i ? 
 who the heck was lisa ? 
 i made a writing motion with my left hand . 
 `` what , honey ? '' 
 lisa said . 
 her voice was starting to irritate me and i felt as if her syrupy sweetness was settling into my head . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're trying to tell me , sugar . '' 
 i breathed air in and out through my nostrils , frustrated , and made the motion with my hand again , trying my best to mimic holding a pencil . 
 `` do you have to pee ? '' 
 i shook my head vigorously and it felt as if my brain was sloshing around inside my skull . 
 her voice and the motion were starting to make me sick to my stomach . 
 `` a pen ? 
 do you want to write something ? '' 
 i nodded thickly , dropping my hand to my lap and sighing . 
 my stomach did a flip and i felt bile rising in my throat . 
 i did n't want to throw up . 
 i remembered all too well what happened last time i got sick . 
 i fought it down and the feeling passed . 
 she pressed a pencil and a notepad into my hand and i tried my best to write something , but i was not left handed and i could n't see . 
 i showed her . 
 `` what happened ? 
 is that what you 're asking ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` you were attacked . 
 they beat you with a stick or bat or something . 
 you have fractures to your skull and your right arm . 
 lots of contusions too . '' 
 `` how long ? '' 
 i wrote . 
 `` how long were you out ? '' 
 i nodded again . 
 `` five days . 
 we were starting to get worried . 
 lots of activity in that head of yours but you remained unconscious until now . '' 
 i heard my mom 's voice talking to joey and then they were in the room . 
 a wave of relief washed over me and then , as i realized that i could n't feel them , could n't see their thoughts , could n't talk to them in my head , the nausea returned instantly and panic spilled over . 
 i vomited all over the front of me . 
 * * * `` i do n't know why the telepathy is no longer working , linc . 
 the doctors know nothing , '' my mom said . 
 they had cleaned me up and given me something in my i.v. for nausea , but it was making me sleepy . 
 mom had brought my pocket computer and i was typing on it the best i could . 
 `` i ca n't see , '' i wrote . 
 `` i 'm totally blind . '' 
 `` oh linc . 
 i do n't know what 's going on . 
 the blows to your head must have messed up something in there . '' 
 `` i ca n't be like this , mom . 
 i ca n't . 
 this is horrible . '' 
 `` you 'll learn , '' she said . 
 `` you learned to deal with what you did n't have before . '' 
 `` this is different . 
 i ca n't see ! '' 
 my mom started to cry and if i could , i would have joined her . 
 instead , a pain deep in my chest felt as if it would burst out of me and i squeezed the sheets so hard in my hand it hurt . 
 someone else entered the room and a male voice said , `` well , look who 's awake . '' 
 `` dr. moore , '' my mom said and i could tell she had gotten up . 
 `` he says he ca n't see . '' 
 `` well , yes . 
 he does not have eyes . 
 is he confused ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` he had a kind of vision before . 
 like sonar they told us . 
 he sees vibrations . 
 now -- nothing . '' 
 `` vibrations ? 
 that is quite unusual . 
 i 've never heard of that before . 
 not in humans . '' 
 he seemed more interested in me as a lab rat than really trying to understand that everything was wrong . 
 i was broken . 
 and i wanted to be fixed . 
 `` he 's different , '' mom said . 
 `` he 's always been different . 
 he has telepathy too , but he says it is no longer working . '' 
 `` telepathy ? 
 real telepathy ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` like what ? 
 could he figure out a word you were thinking or guess how many fingers you were holding behind your back ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not like some cheesy magic show , doc , '' joey said , an edge to his voice . 
 `` the real thing . 
 he could read and see all of your thoughts . '' 
 `` that 's amazing . 
 i 've never run across a case like this at all . 
 and now he is not able to telepath at all ? '' 
 `` yes , that 's right , '' my mother said . 
 `` it could just be a symptom of his fractures and concussion . 
 he still has some swelling of the brain and contusions of the tissue deep inside . 
 it 's not unusual for victims of this kind of trauma to experience memory loss and other maladies . 
 we 'll have to see if his abilities return once the swelling has completely gone . '' 
 i typed . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 `` ten days . 
 two weeks or so . 
 i would think that things should improve by then , but you have to stay off your feet and take it easy . '' 
 i nodded . 
 that strange sloshing feeling in my head came back and it made me feel queasy . 
 `` your arm , though , will take longer and you 'll have to have more surgery . 
 the radial bone was practically shattered and it will require a rod and some screws . 
 i 'll be honest . 
 it may not return to normal function again . 
 we 'll be utilizing lots of physical therapy , of course , and if you stick with it and push yourself , i would expect it to regain seventy percent of its normal function . '' 
 `` but it 's the arm i throw with , '' i typed . 
 the doctor read what i typed . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 a break like this , you 're lucky we did n't have to amputate the arm below the elbow . '' 
 i swallowed hard at that thought and moved my arm a bit in the cast . 
 pain flared just below the elbow and i took a quick breath in . 
 `` i 'll have the nurse get you something for that pain , '' dr. moore said and i heard him leave . 
 i felt someone touch my hand just below the cast and i knew it was kaylin . 
 `` linc , '' she said . 
 `` who did this to you ? '' 
 i did n't know . 
 i could n't remember anything after football tryouts . 
 everything was a blank . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i typed . 
 `` i ca n't remember . '' 
 `` the police have been by every day to take a statement , '' joey said . 
 `` we 've had to put them off . 
 no one saw a thing . '' 
 `` the police ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , honey , '' mom said . 
 `` they found you over on avril 's street . 
 a nice man , mr. hanlon , called an ambulance after he heard avril screaming over you in the street . '' 
 avril ? 
 the girl from school ? 
 what was i doing over on her street ? 
 a faint wailing surfaced in my head and then floated away as i tried to concentrate on it . 
 it sounded like a girl 's voice . 
 `` she 's been coming every day , '' kaylin said . 
 `` i think she likes you . 
 she 's been very worried . '' 
 `` i do n't remember , '' i typed . 
 `` not anything ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 i was breathing fast , concentrating so hard that the nausea was returning . 
 `` it 's okay , '' mom said . 
 `` it will come back to you . 
 do n't get yourself all upset over it . '' 
 `` yeah , '' joey said . 
 `` you rest now . 
 just get your strength back . 
 there 'll be time for all that later . '' 
 i nodded , glad to have them all here . 
 i could n't help but think that this all had something to do with avril , but it would n't come . 
 i put my head back on the pillow and tried not to think about it . 
 lisa , the nurse , came in and fiddled with something to the left of me as she talked to mom . 
 `` i 've got something for his pain , '' she said . 
 `` it will probably put him to sleep . '' 
 i sat up . 
 `` no , '' i typed . 
 `` i do n't want to sleep . '' 
 `` you need to rest , '' lisa said . 
 `` besides . 
 doctor 's orders . '' 
 i felt the medicine wash over me and then , nothing . 
 i dreamt of avril 's aura and her voice floated up out of the gloom and spoke nonsense to me . 
 i do n't know why , but it made me think of baseball and the sound of the bat striking the ball . 
 i slept . 
 i awoke and did not know where i was . 
 the blackness continued and i heard soft noises coming from somewhere , but i had no idea how much time had passed or even what time of day it was . 
 i felt groggy and my nose burned . 
 i reached up to touch the feeding tube and felt the bandages on my head . 
 then i remembered . 
 i was in the hospital . 
 i sensed someone next to me and then a voice spoke from my right . 
 `` hi , linc . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 it took me a second to place the female voice and then a quick flash of shimmering pink brought the memory back . 
 avril . 
 i felt around for my pocket computer , but could n't find it . 
 `` here it is , '' she said , and i felt it placed in my hand . 
 `` avril , right ? '' 
 she did n't answer at first and i thought i might have been hallucinating , but then she said , `` i ca n't read your mind anymore . 
 oh , linc . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 she started to cry and i did n't know why . 
 i barely knew her and she was crying at my bedside . 
 what the heck could n't i remember ? 
 `` it 's okay , '' i typed . 
 `` do n't cry . 
 i 'm all right . '' 
 `` i feel like this is my fault . '' 
 `` how could it be your fault ? '' 
 `` if you had n't walked me home , you would n't have been attacked . '' 
 `` i walked you home ? 
 do you live close to me ? '' 
 `` you do n't remember ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i remember helping you with your books on my first day of school , but it seems so long ago . 
 i 'm sorry i do n't remember . '' 
 she sighed . 
 i could tell she was still crying but i did n't know what to do . 
 `` you said you could n't read my mind anymore , '' i typed . 
 `` how do you know about that ? '' 
 `` you showed me my aura . 
 you touched my face and it was magic . 
 i could see and -- i was beautiful . 
 and so were you . 
 so blue . '' 
 `` i did ? 
 i 've never done anything like that before . 
 i did n't know i could . '' 
 `` you said that same thing . 
 but i could see . 
 then you let me touch your face and we were one . '' 
 she grabbed my hand . 
 `` oh , i wish you could remember . 
 i miss being able to feel you . 
 even if it had only been so new that it was just one day . 
 you do n't remember anything ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 it was so confusing . 
 she talked like we had known each other since birth , the feeling in her voice made me feel i should know her , but she was just a girl i met only once and even though her aura was something i remember as being special , nothing else surfaced and i felt nothing . 
 `` i 'm sorry , avril . 
 i do n't mean to upset you , but i do n't remember . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'll always remember . 
 you 're somebody very special and i 'll never forget . '' 
 she let my hand go and i sensed that she was leaving . 
 i banged on the bedrail to keep her from going . 
 for some reason i did n't want her to leave . 
 i guess i did n't want to be alone . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i can get the nurse ... '' `` do n't leave , '' i typed . 
 `` i want you to stay . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i can stay longer . 
 my dad wo n't be home for a while yet . 
 he does n't know i 've been coming up here . '' 
 `` do n't get in trouble because of me . 
 i guess i 'll be okay here if you have to go . '' 
 `` i 'll stay . '' 
 i heard her sit in a chair and take a deep breath . 
 `` what day is it ? '' 
 `` it 's tuesday . 
 you were attacked one week ago . '' 
 `` do you know who did this to me ? '' 
 she was silent for a second and i waited . 
 `` i did n't see them , but i think i know . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure if i 'm just making it up or not . 
 what you did to me is still all so new that i do n't know what 's real and what 's not . '' 
 `` what did i do to you ? '' 
 `` when you touched me , something changed . 
 and when you let me in , it became stronger . 
 i can see differently . 
 i see colors in people and sometimes i can tell what 's going to happen before it does . '' 
 `` tell me everything , '' i said . 
 `` i need to know . 
 i hate that i ca n't remember . 
 it 's like a mist in my head . '' 
 she spent the next half hour or so telling me everything that had happened . 
 it was like someone telling me a story . 
 it all sounded like fiction , but i could tell that it was true . 
 i just felt that it was true , but the memory of it was gone . 
 `` who did this to me ? '' 
 i asked again when she finished . 
 `` rodney and andy . 
 i saw it in my mind when it happened . 
 you must have sent it to me . 
 i do n't know if it 's real though because when i screamed and ran out to you , no one was there . 
 i saw no one . '' 
 `` rodney and andy ? '' 
 i could see andy 's silent face . 
 his anger a thing that had blackness and hate . 
 but i could not see him doing this to me . 
 `` your mom is here , '' avril said . 
 i did n't hear anyone come in . 
 i was about to tell her this when the door was pushed open and someone walked in . 
 `` are you okay , baby ? '' 
 my mom 's voice asked . 
 avril whispered in my ear . 
 `` see . 
 i can tell when stuff is going to happen . '' 
 `` hello , avril , '' mom said . 
 `` has he been resting ? '' 
 `` yes , mrs. delabar . 
 we 've been talking too . 
 i 'm so glad he 's awake . 
 linc did n't want to be alone , so i stayed to keep him company . 
 but i have to go , now . 
 my dad will be home soon and i have to get his dinner ready . '' 
 i could feel her moving away from me and i reached out and grabbed her hand . 
 `` come back tomorrow , '' i typed . 
 `` i will , '' she said . 
 `` after school , okay ? '' 
 i nodded and let her go . 
 i heard her shut the door behind her and then mom sat where she had been . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` like crap , '' i typed . 
 `` i want to go home . '' 
 `` in a day or two , honey . 
 that 's what they told me . '' 
 i could smell the liquor on her breath and my heart sank that nothing had changed . 
 i do n't know what i expected , but the realization that she could n't stop being wasted while her son lay in a hospital bed for even a couple of days , hurt . 
 i 'm glad she could n't read my mind at that moment . 
 it was n't pretty . 
 the door opened again and i heard multiple footsteps coming in . 
 my mother stood . 
 `` hi , janice , '' mom said . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 he 's awake now . '' 
 `` hey , linc . '' 
 it was tuck and his mom . 
 i never knew her name was janice . 
 `` hey , tuck , '' i typed . 
 `` you 're mom said the connection thing was n't working anymore . 
 it 's weird that i ca n't see what you 're thinking . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i ca n't see anymore either . 
 i do n't like that . '' 
 they stayed and tuck told me all about football practice and that the coach kept asking about me . 
 he did n't make first string , but he was getting reps in practice . 
 it was n't the same without me , he said . 
 the quarterback could n't throw like i could . 
 `` he sucks , '' tuck said . 
 i told him about my arm while my mom and his mom chatted about nothing . 
 i felt tuck put his hands to the cast . 
 i lifted my arm so he could see and it hurt so i laid it back down . 
 `` i want to be the first to sign it , '' he said . 
 `` it 's kinda cool . '' 
 i did n't think it was cool at all , but i did n't tell him that . 
 he found a marker and wrote on it and then it was time for them to leave . 
 my arm was hurting again and i asked mom if she could get the nurse . 
 she left and a new nurse brought something for pain and put it in my i.v. . 
 the wave of relaxation washed over me again and i slept . 
 i did n't dream . 
 * * * two days later i went home . 
 nothing had changed . 
 joey helped me to my room and they got me set up in my bed . 
 dr. moore had said that i needed to stay in the bed for a couple more days until the dizziness and nausea passed . 
 i hated the fact that i could n't get around without someone helping me , but every time i stood or sat up that strange sloshing of my brain would happen and the nausea would return . 
 sadie kept whining at the door and so mom finally let her in and she would sit by my bed for hours . 
 when she first saw me , she jumped on the bed and licked my face , but mom shooed her off and she stayed down . 
 there was a brief flash of something in my head when she had licked me . 
 pepper was barking furiously at something and then it was gone . 
 avril and tuck came every day , sometimes together and other times apart . 
 i could tell tuck only tolerated her . 
 for some reason i got the impression he blamed her a little for what was wrong with me . 
 i wished i could see into his head again . 
 i 'd tell him it was n't her fault . 
 the police came by the house and asked a bunch of questions , but i think they were spooked by my appearance . 
 they did n't stay long when they realized that i could n't remember a thing and left with nothing new to add to the case . 
 they had no leads and the officer admitted that they probably never would unless my memory of the event returned . 
 at times i did n't want to know . 
 but deep down inside an anger burned in me and i did n't like the way it made me feel . 
 i did n't like thinking that someone would pay , someone would answer for this , and never do this again . 
 i pushed it back down and slept . 
 it was good to sleep . 
 sleep made everything whole again and in my dreams i was normal . 
 too bad they were n't real . 
 the worst thing for me about being blind was that time just seemed to run together . 
 i could not tell the difference between night and day , and the minutes dragged on into eternity . 
 i would sit for what seemed hours , the blackness all around and my thoughts on what was wrong with me and then come to find that only ten minutes had past . 
 sometime after i had come home , i do n't know how many days , kaylin came into my room with paul . 
 when i heard his voice , i knew who it was immediately and that nausea feeling came over me . 
 a flash of some scene popped into my head where he was in his car above me , the window rolled down , and he spoke one word . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 then it was gone . 
 kaylin must have been able to sense that i was n't feeling well , so she took paul out and went to her room . 
 paul said he hoped i felt better soon . 
 i did n't believe him . 
 on the fifth day -lrb- at least that 's what mom said -rrb- i could get up without the sloshing feeling happening and i felt a little better . 
 i found my own way to the bathroom and downstairs , and though my mom yelled that i should n't be out of bed , something in her voice told me she was relieved . 
 i do believe she drank less during those few days , but it could just be my imagination . 
 joey took me outside on the sixth day and the sun felt good on my face . 
 the blackness remained though , even with my face turned up to the warmth that shone down on my skin . 
 not even a touch of light or grayness penetrated the black . 
 i had hoped that something would show . 
 avril came up with pepper and the puppy jumped in my lap and licked me all over . 
 avril laughed and tried to pull her off but i would n't let her . 
 i wanted her there in my lap and it did n't matter that my face was all wet . 
 i was feeling something with her there , some faint pictures that popped into my head , but no matter how hard i tried , they 'd slip away , fading like they had never been , a ghost in my head . 
 but what i saw stayed with me and i had hope that my memory would return . 
 joey went inside and avril sat next to me on the step . 
 she took my hand in hers and just held it . 
 i did n't mind . 
 i was getting to know her better and i felt closer to her every day . 
 she rested her head on my shoulder and whispered in my ear . 
 `` i have dreams , '' she said . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` you . 
 and that day . 
 the day you touched me in class and i could see . '' 
 `` i wish i could remember . 
 i can see this vision of you and you 're shimmering pink all around , but i do n't see the day you dream about . '' 
 `` it will come , '' she said , a smile in her voice . 
 `` i know it . '' 
 pepper barked one quick little yip right then . 
 avril laughed . 
 `` pepper knows it too . '' 
 i smiled inside and leaned up against her . 
 there was something about this girl , and though it was only a fleeting feeling , i knew that she would be there for me a long time . 
 maybe forever . 
 and i did n't mind that feeling . 
 i did n't mind it at all . 
 the next day , my vision came back . 
 chapter 6 hello world i was sitting on the couch , joey watching tv in his chair and my mom doing something in the kitchen , when my mind wandered in its state of blackness and despair to avril 's hand in mine . 
 i had started to think things like this when i got depressed and i found that i wanted to feel her warm palm pressed to mine more and more . 
 it helped push the fear and loathing back down and though i could n't see , a certain light came creeping up from inside me and made me feel brighter . 
 as i sat there , hearing the tv , but not being able to see it , my despair growing , i imagined her hand in mine and then a vision flashed in my head . 
 my hand was reaching for her face . 
 it hesitated for a second and she smiled and nodded at me . 
 i touched her soft skin and a familiar tingle raced down my arm to my fingertips . 
 she gasped and i saw what she saw . 
 suddenly light burst into my sight ; a stuttering of gray , off and then on . 
 i sat up straight on the couch and turned my head back and forth . 
 a faint grayness filtered in around the edges and then it disappeared . 
 blackness returned . 
 i jumped up and flapped my good arm in the air . 
 joey saw me . 
 `` what the hell , dude ? '' 
 i felt around for my computer and he got up and handed it to me . 
 `` get avril , '' i typed . 
 `` get avril ? 
 what the hell does that mean ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 my mom came over and touched my hand . 
 `` what 's wrong , honey ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` your face is all red . '' 
 `` get avril . 
 now ! '' 
 `` i do n't understand , linc , '' mom said . 
 `` what do you need avril for ? '' 
 `` i saw some light . 
 for just a second . 
 i could see for a second . 
 i need her here . '' 
 `` oh my god , '' mom said . 
 `` that 's good . 
 is n't it ? 
 that 's good right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` hurry . '' 
 `` why do you need avril ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 `` what 's she got to do with this ? '' 
 `` it 's because of her . 
 i ca n't explain . 
 just go get her . '' 
 joey set his beer down and grabbed his keys . 
 `` i do n't know where she lives , '' he said . 
 `` get tuck . 
 he does . '' 
 joey left and i sat . 
 i could n't sit still and mom stayed with me trying to make sense of what i was saying . 
 `` what 's avril got to do with this , honey ? 
 did you remember something ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i remembered her in school and then i could see right afterward . 
 well , not see , but i saw light . 
 i know it 's her . 
 it has to be her . '' 
 i waited and tried to get the vision in my head of her in school . 
 of me touching her face and seeing my own aura , the deep blue , shimmering brightness , but it was fading . 
 maybe it was n't a memory . 
 maybe it was just a hallucination . 
 but i had to know . 
 i heard joey 's truck engine and then doors slammed shut and feet ran up the steps . 
 i heard avril 's voice . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 linc , are you all right ? '' 
 i motioned for her to sit next to me . 
 the cushions sagged on that side and i reached out and grabbed her hand . 
 `` i think i remember , '' i typed . 
 `` remember what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 tuck was there too and he said , `` what 's happening ? '' 
 my mom shushed him and they all watched . 
 `` in school . 
 the day you saw through me . '' 
 `` you do ? '' 
 a sound of wonder came through in her voice . 
 i could feel it wash over me and her hands were so warm in mine . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 i typed with one hand as i held hers with the other . 
 `` my hand is reaching for your face and i hesitate . 
 you nod and smile and then i touch you . 
 you gasp and see what i see . 
 your aura is so beautiful and your face is a thing of wonder . 
 then i see myself through your eyes and i 'm all blue . 
 a deep , dark blue that shimmers all around . '' 
 `` yes ! 
 you remember . '' 
 i reached up my hand toward her face and hesitated . 
 i could n't see her but she said , `` it 's okay . '' 
 i touched her and light erupted in my head . 
 a blinding flash that encompassed my whole vision . 
 i took a breath in as she gasped , and then the whiteness soothed and shapes came into focus . 
 i saw her face first and she was crying . 
 she was crying in front of me and i could see it . 
 i moved my fingers to the tears there and brushed them away . 
 `` you can see , '' she said and i nodded . 
 `` you can see again . '' 
 she hugged me , and my mom was crying too . 
 joey was standing there with a huge smile on his face and i saw tuck grinning too . 
 `` oh my god , '' mom said . 
 `` you can see ? '' 
 i nodded my head but i did n't want to let go of avril . 
 i felt afraid . 
 afraid it would go away . 
 something she was doing was letting me heal and i did n't want it to stop . 
 she pulled away , but i kept my hand in hers . 
 `` it 's all right , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll still be right here in case . 
 you can let go . '' 
 i thought that maybe she could read me again , but i realized that part of me was still missing . 
 she must just be able to sense what i 'm feeling . 
 i let her hand go and my sight stayed . 
 i could see again and the relief washed over me in a warm wave that filled my heart . 
 i could see . 
 * * * a week went by and my sight remained . 
 but it was not the same . 
 everything was gray , just as it should be , but the colors around living things had vanished . 
 i could no longer see auras and i wondered if that would ever return . 
 it could still be worse . 
 having the world laid out in shades of gray is much preferable to the total blackness of being blind . 
 i know that any blind person would give a countless measure of any precious thing in their life to see what i see . 
 at least that 's the way i felt . 
 still , it was n't the same . 
 i missed the moodiness of my mother and the bright shimmering of avril . 
 sadie and her pups and the little spots of colors as they bounded around and played . 
 even joey and his fractured aura as it stuttered from green to black . 
 it was a measure of my existence . 
 a special gift that now only existed as a memory . 
 i wanted it back . 
 i needed it back . 
 the telepathy had also gone bye-bye . 
 nothing . 
 not even a hint of intuition seemed to present itself to me and in some way i thought that my mother and kaylin were feeling a little relief . 
 maybe the burden of being honest all the time and knowing what is on someone 's mind took its toll on the house more than i could ever imagine . 
 the place was quiet now . 
 nobody yelled . 
 nobody sang . 
 mom drank just a little less and joey slept just a little more . 
 i missed it , but i do n't think anyone else did . 
 except tuck and avril . 
 tuck got frustrated with having to read what i typed again . 
 he 's lazy at heart and the work it involved kind of pissed him off . 
 he did n't tell me this , but i could sense it . 
 for that reason , he was n't spending as much time with me . 
 plus , football practice took up a lot of his time . 
 i wished i was there too . 
 avril still came to see me every day . 
 pepper was always with her , just as she promised , and the spots on her coat were growing bigger and brighter . 
 the two were almost inseparable . 
 if it were n't for school , pepper would be at her heel all day . 
 avril helped me with my memory . 
 at least she tried . 
 i held her hand and concentrated , brief glimpses of the past , but nothing that meant anything , or nothing as dramatic as my sight returning . 
 still , i did n't mind trying . 
 holding her hand was a thing i needed every day and she never objected , smiling that pretty smile of hers . 
 i think she needed it too . 
 i missed the shimmering pink all around her . 
 of everything that was broken with me , i missed that the most . 
 so , when it came back three days later , i thought the world would be right and good . 
 too bad the memory of that day came back with it . 
 nothing in my life would be the same . 
 nothing . 
 chapter 7 the mask three days later , i went back to school . 
 there was no reason not too . 
 well , except for my mother . 
 she never wanted me to go back and though i could feel the fear radiating out from her like a cloud , i was determined to return to the institute of higher learning that i had come to need , even in that short span of my relationship with it . 
 i needed to go to school , if not to prove that i was n't afraid , because i was , but to at least acknowledge that i could . 
 broken arm , broken head and all . 
 i needed to go . 
 mom gave in , but had two conditions . 
 the first was easy . 
 she did n't want me riding the bus , so she would drive me , tuck , and avril to school every morning . 
 avril 's dad was grateful at least . 
 it would mean an extra hour of sleep for him and the way avril talked , he needed it . 
 the second condition was more difficult . 
 it was a gift . 
 she said it was her gift to me , but i know it was all about her . 
 she gave me a box , a smile on her face , and told me to open it . 
 when i pulled the flaps back , a face stared back at me from inside the packaging . 
 i almost dropped the box . 
 `` it 's a mask , '' she said . 
 `` try it . '' 
 `` i do n't want to , '' i typed . 
 `` it looks creepy . '' 
 and it did . 
 the hair matched , but everything else was not me at all . 
 at least not the vision of me i carried around in my head . 
 the eyes were wrong , set too close together . 
 the nose was small and thin , like that of a girl , and the mouth was pouty with thick lips and a permanent grin that made it look as if it were having a satisfying bowel movement . 
 i did n't want to walk around all day like i was taking a shit . 
 no way . 
 joey came over and picked it up out of the box . 
 he looked at it and then looked at me . 
 `` it 's not him , '' he said and put it back in the box . 
 he walked away and went to his chair . 
 my mother 's face grew angry . 
 `` of course it 's not him , '' she said . 
 `` it 's a mask . 
 it 's not supposed to be him . '' 
 `` i do n't want to wear it , mom . 
 it 's creepy . '' 
 `` then you will not go back to school . 
 period . '' 
 `` come on , mom . 
 this will make things even worse . 
 do n't you see that ? '' 
 `` how could this make things worse ? 
 you 'll fit in and just maybe you 'll keep from getting hurt again . '' 
 `` i did n't get hurt at school . 
 everybody will just laugh at it . '' 
 `` you 'll wear it or you wo n't go back . 
 plus , it was a lot of money . 
 just look at how nicely it 's made . '' 
 i picked it up and turned it over in my hand . 
 it was heavy , like holding a summer sausage in your hands . 
 it was made of some soft silicone like material and it flexed and molded in my fingers . 
 `` here , i 'll help you . 
 it fits like this , '' mom said . 
 i let her fit it to my face . 
 it had thin straps that went around my head and disappeared into my hair . 
 it smelled of latex and plastic and it was just like you would imagine . 
 halloween every day . 
 my vision was hampered and i felt stuffy and hot and i could n't imagine the thing on my head all afternoon . 
 i pulled it off and dropped it on the floor . 
 `` i wo n't wear it , '' i typed . 
 `` yes you will , or you wo n't go back to school . '' 
 i struggled with the choice . 
 i knew that i could keep learning from home , but the freedom of school and the act of just being around other people was too overwhelming . 
 i hated her at that moment for making me choose and i hated her for making me feel so low . 
 it was as if she were slapping me in the face and then making me cover it up with the mask . 
 i picked it up off of the floor and slipped it back on . 
 `` see , '' she said . 
 `` you look handsome . 
 i think it makes you look smarter . '' 
 i wanted to ask her if she thought i was stupid , but i kept the thought to myself . 
 `` wear it around today to break it in , '' she said . 
 `` that way , you 'll be used to it by tomorrow . '' 
 she smiled . 
 i would never be used to it . 
 no matter how much i wore it . 
 i did what i was told , though , and wore it around the house for most of the day . 
 when avril came over , i had it on and she stared and stared at it , a solemn look on her face . 
 finally , as she held my hand , she told me it was n't me . 
 `` i know what you look like , '' she said . 
 `` i can still see your aura . 
 and your ghostly face is still there . 
 now it 's like this thing is superimposed over it and the real you is trapped inside it . 
 it 's kind of creepy . '' 
 `` i told her that . 
 i hate it . 
 i hate her . '' 
 `` do n't say that , linc . 
 never say you hate your mother . 
 one day she might not be here and you 'll regret it . '' 
 i nodded , ashamed . 
 she had lost her mother not too long ago and i know she missed her more than anything . 
 `` what do you think everyone at school will do when they see me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they are going to freak out . '' 
 yep . 
 freak out was probably a good choice of words . 
 i thought the same thing . 
 too bad we were both right . 
 * * * mom dropped us off , the sky a cloudy , boiling mass of rain and the temperature chilly to say the least . 
 february days in north florida were a lot better than february days in , let 's say wisconsin , but they were still a bit cool to be classified as tropical . 
 i wore the mask , my face itchy and hot , but i also had a hoody on that i had pulled over my head . 
 avril joked that i looked like a serial killer . 
 only fourteen years old . 
 my mom did n't hear her . 
 we ran to home room , avril and tuck heading to theirs and me to mine . 
 most of the kids did n't really notice me and maybe i had been wrong about the whole thing . 
 or , it could be they were all just trying to stay dry as they made their way around a campus that had very little overhead covering . 
 either way , i saw no one paying attention to me or giggling or pointing . 
 until i walked in to class . 
 mr. cartright saw me right off and , though he knew it was me , still asked . 
 `` linc ? 
 is that you in there ? '' 
 i nodded my head and took out my computer . 
 `` my mom 's idea . '' 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he asked , a small frown on his face . 
 `` i hate it . '' 
 he leaned in closer . 
 `` i wo n't tell if you take it off . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 but i told her i 'd give it my best . 
 i 'll see how long i can stand it . '' 
 he nodded , but said nothing else . 
 i kept stumbling into things . 
 the mask was just like you 'd think . 
 kind of like looking through the slits cut out in a halloween costume , a kind of tunnel vision that made you miss things in your periphery . 
 i tripped on a desk and caught myself with my good arm , but my cast banged into the desk next to it and pain flared up into my shoulder and neck . 
 it was like a red hot bolt of fire . 
 a girl next to me giggled and then turned away . 
 people were staring at me again . 
 i sat cradling my cast in my hand and waiting for the pain to go away as mr. cartright started class . 
 i tried to pay attention , but it was difficult . 
 i felt like i was in a bubble and the water all around me muffled out life . 
 i hoped it would get better . 
 in mrs. charneco 's class , she actually took a step backward as she saw me and if the other kids had n't been there , i really think she would have called the office and gone home sick . 
 she turned a shade paler than she had been before and looked away quickly . 
 i noticed that herman , the mouse , was no longer there . 
 i wondered what she did with him . 
 i sat next to the kid who had told me it was cool that i could hear the animals and typed him a question about herman . 
 `` we do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` he was just gone one day . 
 the tank and all . 
 dude , the mask is creepy . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i hate it . '' 
 `` your mom ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 mrs. charneco cleared her throat and started the class . 
 she never once looked at me the whole time . 
 in my last class , i sat next to avril and she smiled and grabbed my hand . 
 it felt so soft and warm in mine , i could n't believe how much i needed it at that moment . 
 the memory of us together in this same class a few weeks ago bloomed bright in my mind and i could see it clearer than ever before . 
 she sensed it and whispered to me . 
 `` are you feeling it ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i feel it too . 
 this is good . '' 
 i let her hand go and typed . 
 `` i 'm taking this mask off . 
 i ca n't stand it any more . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i pulled it from my face and took a deep breath . 
 the smell of the latex and plastic had been masking the real air and i had n't noticed until i took it off and took the first breath . 
 it was sweet and clean . 
 `` there you are , '' avril said . 
 `` i can see you now . 
 you were starting to look gray in there and i could barely see your real face . 
 the blue came instantly back when you took it off . '' 
 i turned to her and saw a tinge of pink around her . 
 just a thin veil of color that wavered slightly as she moved . 
 it was like seeing it through a fog , but it was there . 
 i took a quick breath in and froze . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` grab my hand , quick . '' 
 she took it in mine , a few other kids staring at us , but i did n't care . 
 i reached up to her face with the other hand and pressed my fingertips to the smooth skin on her cheek . 
 a tingle raced up my arm and pink color burst from around her . 
 i pressed my whole palm to her face , cupping it in my hand , and she gasped . 
 the tingle changed to a vibration and the vibrating to a throng as the energy coursed between us . 
 in my mind , a wave crashed over me , the sound like the rushing of a freight train and if i could moan out loud , i would have been moaning then . 
 my body spasmed as i saw everything . 
 avril waving to me from her front porch as i walked away , the feeling of her slipping out of my head and me not wanting her to go . 
 and andy , standing there suddenly , with that ghastly grin on his face , and rodney blocking the way , and the bat coming up and the sound of it crushing my skull and my arm snapping as it broke , and avril screaming in my head and a car pulling up quickly as i lay there , and paul hanging out of the window and yelling for them to hurry , hurry , hurry and the car speeding away , and avril over me crying out loud and then blackness . 
 mr. dale , the sixth period english teacher , was grabbing my shoulders . 
 he was shaking me and pulling me away from avril . 
 avril cried out , screaming as the memory flooded her mind too . 
 i had n't meant to , but she was living through it with me . 
 `` let her go ! '' 
 mr. dale shouted and shook me . 
 `` dammit , you let her go , now ! '' 
 he yanked me sideways in the desk and pulled me away . 
 i slumped , limp in his arms as he dragged me away from her , and i watched as avril cried . 
 the pink color around her now something i did n't know . 
 a dark eggplant that seemed ripe and festering . 
 a boil , purple and yellow , that could burst at any minute . 
 i did n't want to see her that way , but i could n't look away . 
 `` avril , '' i cried out in my head as mr. dale sagged to the floor with me in his arms . 
 i could feel her in my head and i cringed at what she was . 
 i could never have wanted her to see this . 
 and i could never have wanted her to feel what she felt toward me . 
 i cried . 
 not tears , because that was not possible . 
 i cried deep in my soul as what i felt in her sank in . 
 she was afraid . 
 and not because of what happened to me . 
 she was afraid of what was going to happen . 
 of the future she saw in my mind . 
 of what i now knew i would do . 
 she was afraid of me and my heart ached at her pain . 
 * * * mom picked us up in the office . 
 she felt instantly that the telepathy was back and it took her only a moment to see all that had happened . 
 she was scared and angry all at the same time . 
 she checked avril and me out , mrs. lolly her chipper , smiling self , asking my mom to sign a form . 
 avril had been quiet and though i could see in her head like before , something was different . 
 it was as if she shrank from me . 
 `` i 'm calling the police , '' my mom said as soon as we got in the car . 
 `` no , mom , '' i said . 
 `` they wo n't believe me . 
 i have no proof . '' 
 `` you 're a witness . 
 you 're the only witness . 
 that 's all the proof they need . '' 
 `` no , mom . '' 
 she started to cry and there was nothing i could do about it . 
 i reached for avril 's hand and she pulled it away . 
 the fear i saw in her was still very fresh . 
 `` i 'm sorry , avril . 
 i did n't know that was going to happen . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm just scared . '' 
 `` do n't be scared of me . 
 i would never hurt you . 
 ever . '' 
 she started to cry . 
 i wanted to hold her but i knew she would n't let me . 
 `` do you believe me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she nodded . 
 then turned to me . 
 `` i know you would n't hurt me . 
 but ... '' `` i saw it too , '' i said . 
 `` in your head . 
 i saw what you saw . 
 it does n't have to happen that way . '' 
 `` but what if it does ? 
 what if what i see comes true ? 
 i told you i can see things in the future now . 
 you did that to me . '' 
 the bitterness in her voice stung like wasps on my skin and though i had given her the gift of seeing things in a new light , i had burdened her with something i could never have guessed . 
 maybe she had it already , that something special i could see in her . 
 and i had changed it , strengthened it , given it life and breath . 
 i wished i could take it back . 
 `` we do n't know that , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't believe it . '' 
 she took my hand in hers then , a little of the fear gone now that she had spoken it in her mind . 
 `` promise me you wo n't , '' she said . 
 `` promise me you wo n't hurt them . '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 she leaned into me and i put my arms around her , not caring that my mother watched from the mirror or that she was seeing what we were seeing . 
 i did n't care that she was scared too . 
 i cared only for making this all right with avril . 
 she needed to trust me . 
 the fear of me was something that we could n't survive and i had to make it right . 
 somehow i had to make it right . 
 chapter 8 avril the next day was saturday and my birthday . 
 i was fifteen . 
 and since there was no school i went to avril 's house to pick her up . 
 i had promised to spend the day with her and i meant to do just that , my birthday something i would share with her and my family . 
 cake and presents and all that frilly stuff moms liked to do were planned and avril was more than happy to be in on it . 
 i knocked on her door and her father answered . 
 or at least i assumed it was her father . 
 i 'd never met him . 
 he stood in front of me , a mammoth of a man , beer in one hand and a hammer in the other . 
 it was only ten o’clock in the morning , but he was drinking already . 
 i had seen a few brief pictures of him in avril 's mind , but nothing had prepared me for this . 
 his revulsion at seeing me for the first time was not hidden and he unconsciously raised the hand with the hammer in it , until he realized what he was doing . 
 he lowered it slowly . 
 `` you 're linc . '' 
 a statement , not a question . 
 at least he 'd heard of me . 
 avril must have told him something . 
 i nodded . 
 i pulled out my computer and typed . 
 `` is avril here ? '' 
 his eyes did n't leave my face until i lifted the computer higher , and then his gaze slowly lowered to the screen , like he was worried i might lie to him or trick him if he looked away . 
 even though i had no eyes from which to gauge a reaction . 
 he read . 
 `` yeah , she 's here . 
 she 's doing the laundry . '' 
 `` may i see her ? '' 
 i typed . 
 `` avril ! '' 
 he sipped the beer as i stood on the porch . 
 i guess i was n't going to get invited in . 
 `` you 're the one who gave her that mutt , are n't you ? 
 dog shits all over the house and cries all night . '' 
 `` she 's a puppy , '' i typed . 
 `` no shit . '' 
 he huffed and took another swig of the beer . 
 he seemed to notice the cast on my arm for the first time and he pointed at it with the hammer . 
 `` fall out of a tree ? '' 
 he seemed to find this funny . 
 `` no . 
 i was attacked . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 the look of amusement on his face never left . 
 i nodded . 
 `` by people who are scared of me . '' 
 he looked away briefly and then focused his attention back to me . 
 he leaned lower . 
 `` i 'm not scared of you . 
 you best remember that . '' 
 i took a step back as avril finally appeared behind her father with pepper . 
 `` thanks , daddy . 
 i got it . '' 
 she slipped past him and smiled at me . 
 her color had her pinkish hue but it was subdued and washed out . 
 the smile on her face was still meant for me , but it lacked the energy i was used to seeing in her . 
 i could n't help but think her father had something to do with that . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` to linc 's . 
 it 's his birthday , '' she said . 
 `` his family is having a party . '' 
 `` you have laundry . '' 
 `` i 'll finish when i get back . 
 it will only take me a little while . '' 
 `` that 's not the way i raised you , '' he said . 
 `` work , then play . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but just this one time . 
 i promise i 'll do it when i get back . '' 
 he waved the hammer at her and went to turn away . 
 he stopped . 
 `` i do n't like this . 
 you 're too young to be hanging out with boys . '' 
 in my mind i heard , ` you 're too pretty to be hanging out with weirdos . ' 
 `` he 's my friend , daddy . '' 
 he appraised me again , the frown on his face looking more like a grimace . 
 `` do n't be gone long . '' 
 he shut the door in our faces and she turned to me . 
 this time the smile was real and it lit up her whole face . 
 `` sorry , '' she said . 
 i searched her mind and saw pain and anger at her father , but not what caused it . 
 maybe she would let me see when she was ready . 
 she took my hand and we walked . 
 `` happy birthday , '' she said . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 she seemed her normal self , the fear gone and the color around her glowing now like it always did . 
 sometimes , when i was with her , i felt like i was walking around with an angel next to me . 
 a real angel with wings and a bright light that shone from within her . 
 `` i wanted to show you something . '' 
 i could see a small amount fear in her still . 
 maybe she needed to learn to trust that what she had seen in her vision was not going to come true , but being mysterious was not going to win her back over to me . 
 `` it 's a cool place with a creek and a fallen tree . 
 i think it 's beautiful . '' 
 she relaxed . 
 `` i can see it in your head . '' 
 `` you know , you can talk to me without using your voice . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i forgot , '' she said in my head . 
 `` i 'm just used to talking . '' 
 `` my mom is the same way . 
 even after all this time , she still talks out loud to me . 
 if you feel more comfortable , you can keep doing it too . '' 
 `` i want to try it this way . '' 
 she squeezed my hand . 
 we arrived at my street and i took her to my house so she could see sadie and the puppies . 
 pepper played with her brother and sister as we sat on the porch watching them . 
 they were hilarious and even though pepper had seen them almost every day since she went to live with avril , it was like they had been apart for months . 
 their joy at just being together was pretty cool . 
 a moment later , a familiar car turned the corner and drove down the street toward the house . 
 i tensed . 
 avril looked up and saw it too . 
 her color faded to a dull dark red as she realized who was in the car . 
 paul parked his ugly , beat up chevy in the drive and stepped from the car . 
 andy exited the passenger side . 
 a thick , heavy feeling settled into my stomach and my right arm began to hurt as i saw the vision of paul in my head telling andy to `` hurry ! '' 
 above me . 
 avril grabbed my hand and i flinched at her touch . 
 she could see what i was feeling and she talked softly in my head . 
 `` i 'm right here , '' she whispered . 
 `` i wo n't leave you . 
 just take slow breaths and hold my hand . 
 it will be all right . '' 
 i concentrated on the feel of her hand in mine and did what she said . 
 the weight lifted from my gut and the pain in my arm began to recede . 
 they walked up with stupid grins on their faces and stopped at the bottom of the porch . 
 `` hey linc , '' paul said , glancing away and looking at the sky like the day was a gem . 
 `` kaylin around ? '' 
 i did n't answer . 
 for one , i did n't want to move to get my computer , the numbness that was spreading through my limbs as his voice made it to my ears was making it difficult . 
 but the main reason was that the loathing i felt made me want to smash his face in . 
 i tried to push the violent thoughts away , but it was difficult . 
 avril squeezed my hand and though it was a good thing , i was losing the feeling of her holding it . 
 it was as if i was pushing her away . 
 i fought with myself to stay with her . 
 `` oh , that 's right , '' paul said . 
 `` you ca n't talk . 
 i 'll just knock . '' 
 andy chuckled next to him and never looked away from me . 
 his stare was boring into my head like a molten spike . 
 `` she 's inside , '' avril said , answering for me . 
 `` oh , hey avril , '' paul said . 
 `` did n't notice you there . '' 
 `` whatever , '' she said , an anger beginning to surface in her i never felt from her before . 
 there was something just underneath her calm and soothing voice that i could n't quite get to . 
 that was the thing with my telepathy . 
 for the most part , all she held in her head was mine too . 
 it had dumped into my head when we connected , but a lot of times it was so much information , it sat in some recess of my mind waiting for me to discover it , or bubble up into my consciousness on its own . 
 and in avril 's case , some of her past was buried deep down in there , in a place i had n't accessed yet . 
 in her own mind , she was afraid of it , and actually hid if from herself . 
 i knew there was some psychological term for this , but i did n't know the exact word . 
 she and paul had some kind of past and i did n't like what it was making me feel . 
 she leaned into me more . 
 `` you two an item ? '' 
 paul asked , pointing first at me and then at avril . 
 his grin had disappeared . 
 andy 's remained plastered to his face like molded plastic . 
 `` leave us alone , '' avril said , suddenly . 
 `` whoa , '' paul said . 
 `` hey , i 'm just trying to pick up my girl . 
 if you two lovebirds need to be alone , we 'll just grab her and go . 
 no problem . '' 
 the mocking tone in his voice was grating on me like coarse sandpaper on the underside of my arm . 
 the heaviness was settling again in my stomach and i stood up . 
 avril stood up with me . 
 `` no , '' she said aloud . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 andy 's grin had left his face , his mouth a thin line , and he had taken a step toward me . 
 paul 's eyes locked on to my face and he tensed . 
 that tingling started in my back and i could feel it building . 
 the racing of my heart was a galloping horse in my chest as the urge to let avril 's hand go and raise my fingertips toward my attackers grew to something i could n't seem to push down . 
 avril 's fear grew in her mind and it seemed to fuel my anger toward paul and andy . 
 `` yeah , '' paul said , mockingly . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 avril stepped in front of me , turning her back to them and facing me . 
 she took both my arms in her hands and shook me . 
 `` linc . 
 stop . 
 look at me . '' 
 i looked down at her just below me on the step and saw her eyes . 
 they were pleading with me . 
 i could n't do this . 
 not here . 
 not with her there . 
 i could see the fear in her heart not only for herself but for me . 
 she was afraid of what this would do to me if i let it get control . 
 i took a deep breath and the tingling began to fade , the reasoning taking over in my head and the anger soothing . 
 `` okay , '' i said in her head . 
 `` i 'm okay , now . '' 
 she searched my face , the face only she could see and saw that i was with her . 
 `` come on , '' avril said , pulling me away from the step . 
 paul followed me with his eyes and he stepped up to the door . 
 `` see you around , blank . '' 
 andy chuckled and then paul knocked on the door as avril tugged on my hand . 
 `` take me to the creek , '' she urged . 
 `` i want to see how peaceful it is . '' 
 we walked the short distance to the wooded path in the briars without talking . 
 i showed her how to get through and when we emerged on the other side i stopped and turned her to me . 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm glad i was with you . '' 
 `` me too . 
 i do n't know what would 've happened . '' 
 `` i do , '' she said and looked down at the ground . 
 i pulled her chin back up to look at me . 
 `` you 're just going to have to spend all your time with me , '' i joked . 
 she smiled . 
 `` that 's not such a bad thing . '' 
 `` you 're not scared of me ? '' 
 `` not anymore . 
 i know i 'll be able to help you control it . '' 
 i let my fingers brush along her cheek to her neck and pulled her gently to me . 
 i do n't know why i did it , it just seemed so natural to do . 
 she did n't resist and in fact she pressed herself against me and wrapped her arms around my waist . 
 she was so soft and warm . 
 i did n't want to let her go . 
 after a moment , she pulled back and looked away shyly . 
 `` come on . 
 show me the log and the creek . '' 
 i led her by the hand to the fallen tree and we climbed up on it and sat with our feet dangling down . 
 the stink of the rubber was non-existent today and that made the little shaded spot that much nicer . 
 the creek burbled past our feet and she looked around the spot with a smile on her face . 
 it was just a creek in the woods , but it seemed like a place that was ours . 
 we stayed until her father 's voice surfaced in her head . 
 she needed to go home and finish her chores . 
 we crawled back through the brambles and walked out of the woods , her hand in mine and the sun on our faces . 
 the smell of the tire re-treading place crept back into the air , and as we both caught the scent , it was as if the world had shifted back into reality and everything that was crappy with it too . 
 `` i want to go back to the creek , '' she said . 
 `` do you sense it ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 she had stopped walking and gripped my hand tighter . 
 something was going to happen . 
 `` your house , '' she said , trying to see it in the distance and then we hurried up the small hill and we saw . 
 black smoke was billowing out of it and as we started to run , sirens could be heard in the distance . 
 * * * the fire did only a small amount of damage to the house , but for my mother , it was as if the house had burned to the ground . 
 it had started inside kaylin 's room . 
 in her closet to be specific and when the fire marshal and the police showed my mother what they found , she lost it . 
 someone had placed a kind of fire bomb in our house . 
 i had a pretty good idea who that someone was . 
 so did avril . 
 `` why would someone set fire to this house ? '' 
 joey asked , the anger he felt causing that flickering of his aura . 
 `` how much is your insurance policy ? '' 
 the police officer asked . 
 `` how should i know ? 
 it 's my sister 's place . 
 what are you saying ? 
 we set the fire ? '' 
 `` did you ? '' 
 `` that 's crazy . 
 i ca n't believe you 're asking me this . '' 
 the policeman looked at the fire marshal and then back at joey . 
 `` we 'll be investigating it as arson and so will the insurance company . 
 and they are n't as nice as we are . '' 
 the cop smiled and then walked away . 
 `` i 'll check on the all clear , sir , '' the fire marshal said . 
 `` you should be able to go back in and start cleaning up shortly . '' 
 `` thanks , '' joey said , sarcastically , and walked over to where avril , my mom and i sat on the curb with the dogs . 
 mom was crying . 
 `` i 'm going to take avril home , '' i said , letting the noise in my head down a minute so mom could see . 
 i had been keeping it up to block my thoughts . 
 i did n't want her to know what i knew . 
 she nodded . 
 `` your birthday is ruined . '' 
 `` it 's not , mom . 
 it will be all right . 
 it 's just a birthday . '' 
 joey put his arm around her shoulders and she leaned into him . 
 we left them that way , with sadie at her feet and hawkins and jayne chasing after us and their sister . 
 i sent them back to their mother . 
 `` we need to tell the police , '' avril said when we were a distance away . 
 `` i want to talk with kaylin , first . 
 she needs to know what her boyfriend is all about . '' 
 `` are you sure that 's what you should do ? 
 what if they hurt your sister ? '' 
 i had n't thought of that and now i was worried . 
 i wished i knew where kaylin was . 
 `` do you think they would do that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i mean she loves him . 
 i 've seen it . 
 i would think that he must care for her too . '' 
 `` but he hurts people . 
 he hurt you . 
 and he 's hurt me . '' 
 i saw it then . 
 in her head . 
 her fear of it let go and everything came in a rush . 
 she was pinned up against a wall in her house , a boy about our age trying to kiss her . 
 and paul there too , grinning . 
 it was paul 's brother , brian . 
 and they were not going to let her go . 
 we had stopped in the middle of the street as this vision played out in her mind and i watched as they almost raped her . 
 and andy was there too . 
 he had been looking out the window , watching for her father . 
 the only thing that kept them from going through with it had been the fact that he came home early . 
 brian and andy ran , but paul stayed for a second . 
 he slapped her hard . 
 `` you say a word and i 'll kill you , '' he whispered . 
 then he was gone . 
 we stood there in the street and i pulled her to me . 
 she resisted at first , but then she sagged into my arms and sobbed . 
 i held her like that for a long time . 
 she had never told a soul until now . 
 and she was scared . 
 not because of what had happened to her . 
 she felt like she had buried that deep inside her but something like that never really leaves a person and she realized that now . 
 she was scared because of the thoughts that were going through my head . 
 `` i 'm afraid to leave you , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` no you wo n't . 
 i can see it inside you . 
 you 're going to find them . '' 
 i looked away . 
 i was n't going to put up a wall of pink noise to her . 
 i did n't want that trust broken . 
 i would let her see and that was all there was to it . 
 `` promise me you wo n't do anything . 
 promise me you 'll wait , '' she said . 
 `` i ca n't , avril . 
 i ca n't promise . '' 
 she searched my face , the face that only she could see , and then reached up and touched it tentatively with her fingers . 
 a tingling started there and spread outward . 
 i saw what she saw and it scared me . 
 my aura was black with red edges . 
 the blue completely gone except for a small ball at the center , and even that was fading . 
 `` do you see ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded . 
 i did n't like it , but it was something i was n't able to control . 
 i could feel it growing in strength and that other half of me was losing . 
 even with her in my arms , it was losing . 
 `` i want to go with you , '' she said . 
 `` i want to be there . '' 
 i looked down at her there . 
 this small fragile angel , the pink shimmer of herself subdued , but still there for me to see . 
 i looked down and saw that i needed her . 
 it made sense then . 
 i needed her with me or i would topple over the edge into something from which i might never come back . 
 it passed back and forth between us in a flash and we both knew . 
 we would do this together and she would be my beacon , my light . 
 `` where does he live ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she closed her eyes and i saw . 
 we separated but i kept her hand in mine . 
 we started walking , turning our backs to her house and letting my anger guide us . 
 chapter 9 birthday party we walked . 
 and then we ran . 
 a scream burst into my head as we turned the corner from avril 's street to paul and brian 's . 
 even though we were not in my range for the telepathy , kaylin 's cry shouted in my head as if she were standing right next to me . 
 avril stopped and stared at me , realizing what she was hearing too , and then we dropped our hands and ran . 
 we ran as fast as we could , kaylin 's cries ringing in my ears . 
 when we got closer i could see what was happening and paul 's voice filled my head too as kaylin listened to the boy she loved kill that feeling with his words . 
 `` i 'm the captain of the team . 
 i can have any girl i want and i 've been patient long enough . '' 
 i could see his hands on my sister as he ripped the blouse from her body , brian and andy laughing behind him . 
 the anger seethed inside of me as blackness tinged the edge of my vision . 
 i put on a burst of speed and left avril behind . 
 she shouted for me to wait , but there was no waiting . 
 the tingling was growing in my spine as i ran and it grew to a throbbing vibration that urged me on . 
 the door to their house was just in front of me and i raised a hand and sent the pulse flying toward it . 
 the door burst inward , ripping from its hinges and i did n't realize until later that the hand i was using was the one in the cast . 
 i could feel no pain right then , only blackness and rage . 
 i ran inside and knew they were upstairs . 
 i could hear their voices as they realized something was happening below them . 
 kaylin felt me then , a relief and fear in her that i was there . 
 she cried out my name aloud and i told her i was coming . 
 avril was right behind . 
 she grabbed my hand and pulled . 
 `` i 'm here . 
 be careful , '' she said . 
 i saw the light that was her and something clicked in place . 
 the blackness receded just a bit , a red fringe now bounding my vision , but it also had a tinge of pink . 
 she reined me in and i pulled her closer . 
 `` stay close , '' i said . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 we took the stairs together and reached the top landing . 
 paul 's brother , brian , was just walking out of the room and saw me there . 
 he knew who i was . 
 hell , everyone knew who i was . 
 he grinned , and then he saw avril . 
 the grin faltered and he grew angry . 
 she saw him and a loathing and fear shot outward from her into me and i realized that maybe she was a little out of control as well . 
 it felt like she was giving me permission and i took that and ran with it . 
 she let my hand go and i raised it toward him as he shouted . 
 `` what the hell are you doing in my house ? '' 
 the vibration raced along my arm and i could see the color of it fly from my fingertips . 
 it was red and it throbbed as it reached out toward him . 
 brian gasped as the redness engulfed him and i picked his body up and hurled him down the hall . 
 he hit the back wall with a crash and lay in a heap , unconscious . 
 avril grabbed my hand again . 
 `` too much , '' she whispered in my head , afraid . 
 i ignored her . 
 i ran down the hall and turned in to the room to find paul on top of my sister , the fear in her eyes a thing that clawed at my being , the shock on his face and then his grin , fuel for what came next . 
 the only thing i failed to see was that andy was no where in the room . 
 the energy spooled up in my arms in an instant and paul found himself pinned up on the ceiling . 
 `` do n't hurt him , '' kaylin said , getting up from the bed and coming to me . 
 `` please , linc . 
 do n't hurt him . 
 it 's my fault . '' 
 i let her see . 
 i let her see everything paul had done . 
 not just to me , but to avril as well . 
 she took a step back , her hand to her mouth , the ripped blouse hanging from her body as i blasted those images into her . 
 i did n't plan on being so cruel to her , but she needed to see . 
 she sagged to the floor and avril went to her . 
 paul was struggling on the ceiling and cursing my name , but he was afraid . 
 i could see it around him , an oily thick color of black that if it had a smell would make me vomit and turn from its horrible stench . 
 avril saw what i planned to do and she said in my head , `` be careful . '' 
 i lowered him to where he hung trapped just in front of me . 
 his face a red mask of fear and fury writhing inches from mine . 
 `` what now , freak , '' he hissed . 
 i pulled his hand up toward me and his face registered a kind of shock . 
 he had no idea what i was about to do and maybe that scared him even more . 
 his hand grew closer to my face and he fought it with all his strength but it was no use . 
 he would n't win . 
 i stepped to his hand and pressed my face to it and let him in . 
 it was hardest thing i had ever done ; letting that monster inside my head , but i needed to know . 
 i needed him there so i would know where he was . 
 i needed him to show us all what he was and then he could never hurt us again . 
 the images raced across my psyche and i cringed at the many things he had done . 
 not just to me , not just to avril , not just to my sister . 
 there were others and it sickened me to see . 
 kaylin cried out as she saw and avril trembled next to her . 
 she saw my rage at the visions and stood , grabbing my hand . 
 just her touch calmed me . 
 she did n't need to say anything . 
 i felt her light and the rage soothed to something i could control . 
 paul realized what was happening and he started to weep . 
 his shame was a living thing inside him and he pleaded and cried in my head . 
 `` i could n't help it , '' he said . 
 `` i could n't help it . '' 
 i touched his face with my hand and let him see himself . 
 he flinched at the vision and then began to tremble . 
 he did n't like what he saw . 
 i knew he hated himself for all he was , but the hate was weaker than the urges . 
 maybe one day the urges would lose , but for now they were strong and winning his battle . 
 i had forgotten about andy . 
 of all the people in that house , he was the most dangerous and for some reason , he had slipped my mind . 
 avril 's hand was jerked from mine , just as i saw him through kaylin 's eyes . 
 he pulled avril close and held a knife to her throat . 
 `` put him down , '' andy said , behind me . 
 `` now . '' 
 i turned around , paul 's body hanging in the air behind me as i held him up despite andy 's demand . 
 `` screw you , '' i said . 
 `` he says to go screw yourself , '' avril said next to him . 
 her anger a thing that shined bright in her . 
 she was n't afraid . 
 she knew what was coming . 
 `` i 'll cut her , '' he said and moved the knife closer . 
 i 'd had enough . 
 the blade flew from his hand and stuck in the wall behind me as the shock on his face registered . 
 he moved to run , but i caught him and picked him up , the red wave of energy coming out of my whole body now . 
 i did n't need to raise a hand , it burst from every pore of my being and radiated outward . 
 i picked him up and pinned him to the wall . 
 he struggled briefly , but i ramped up the power and he became immobilized there two feet off of the floor . 
 the only things that moved on his body were his eyes and they flitted back and forth in a panic . 
 i walked up to him , paul still floating in his own prison , and connected to him . 
 i needed to see and the hate he held inside burned brighter than mine . 
 i put my hand to his face . 
 he screamed and avril stepped closer but did not touch me . 
 i think she wanted to know how far i would let this go . 
 a deeper energy came up from within me , a glowing ember of fire that terrified me , but spurred me on . 
 it spread down my arm to my fingertips and entered andy 's head in a rush . 
 his body began to vibrate there on the wall and my face felt flushed and hot as that energy surged into him . 
 i could see the whites of his eyes as they rolled up into his head and pink foam dribbled out of his mouth . 
 i was going to kill him . 
 i was going to destroy his brain and kill him right there in front of everyone . 
 the air around me had grown hot and stale and red was the color that filled my vision . 
 then avril touched my arm . 
 just her fingertips . 
 a feathery lightness that pushed the red away and tamed the animal that was seething inside me . 
 i turned my head and saw her . 
 she was glowing a bright white . 
 not pink like before , but a whiteness that shimmered around her and she smiled up at me . 
 `` stop , '' she said . 
 and i stopped . 
 paul fell to the floor behind me and passed out . 
 andy slid down the wall and crumpled to a heap at my feet . 
 his body vibrated for a second there and then he started breathing . 
 i had n't killed him after all . 
 avril pulled me to her and wrapped her arms around me . 
 i felt weak then , my limbs barely holding me up . 
 we sank to the floor and she rocked me in her arms as i wept . 
 the violence was over and i was glad for her . 
 she had saved me from becoming something that frightened me . 
 i clung to her and cried and soon kaylin came over and held us both in her arms . 
 we sat like that for a long time and then all three of us went downstairs and walked out of the house . 
 they took me home and called the police . 
 the boys were arrested and charged with attempted rape . 
 andy did n't say a word . 
 he could n't . 
 i fixed that . 
 he would never speak again . 
 episode 3 chapter 1 violence a violence is in me . 
 i know that now . 
 something that is a part of who and what i am and i embrace it . 
 it lives alongside me , a partner that i share my innermost thoughts and feelings with and it tries to guide me , but i wo n't let it . 
 i 'm still the master ; in control . 
 it lives with me but it does n't own me . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 avril is my savior . 
 i think of her as my pink , shimmering angel and in a way it 's the truth . 
 if she was not there to pull me back , rein me in , wrap me tight in her kindness , i would be lost from this world into a blackness that i see on the fringes . 
 that blackness scares me . 
 her light saves me . 
 so when a part of her past turned up in her present , her light , her kindness , started to lose some of its luster . 
 and i could n't let that happen . 
 call me selfish , or controlling , or even shameful , but do n't call me wrong . 
 she needed me as much as i needed her and the day her brother came back into her life was the day we all will never forget . 
 a violence is in me . 
 and sometimes i need to let it out . 
 * * * bret swann was twenty two . 
 an army sergeant who had served in afghanistan and carried many scars . 
 some of those scars had been with him longer than his military career . 
 he liked to hurt people and for the first time in my life i saw an evil that existed in this world that hid itself among us . 
 maybe the other bad people i had seen were just like him , but for some reason i could n't see it until something snuck between the cracks and made itself known . 
 bret swann wore his evil on his sleeve . 
 and it scared me . 
 when he walked back through the door into avril 's life , things had finally started to return to normal . 
 six months had transpired since paul , brian , and andy 's day and my sister was doing better . 
 the house was repaired and the surgery to fix my shattered bones had been a success . 
 joey was still with us , his job giving him steady hours , and susan , the zookeeper , was a common sight at our house . 
 they were getting pretty serious . 
 paul and brian had stood trial and were sentenced to juvenile detention . 
 andy was not so lucky . 
 he was admitted to a mental facility and would probably spend the rest of his life there , his fractured mind something that could not be repaired . 
 i sometimes regretted what i did to him , but there were times too , that i did not . 
 the only thing that bothered me after all that had happened was the fact that i saw nothing in paul 's or andy 's mind about the fire . 
 either they had nothing to do with it or they had hidden it very well . 
 andy was no longer within my mental grasp and paul lived outside of my touch as well . 
 but when i had connected with them both , their minds opened and showed me everything they had ever been . 
 or so i thought . 
 the fire was not there . 
 so , who had been responsible ? 
 i may never know . 
 on the day of bret 's return , i was outside with tuck and we were working on getting my throwing arm back into shape . 
 the arm was still weak and even though i was getting physical therapy every day , it still had a long way to go . 
 maybe the doc was right . 
 i may not have full use of it again , ever . 
 sadie , hawkins , and jayne were with us , the puppies no longer puppies . 
 they were restless as we tossed the ball back and forth , getting in our way . 
 tuck and i did n't mind . 
 they were part of the family and we let them trip us up . 
 tuck threw the ball to me and jayne snatched it away as i tried to grab it . 
 she was the bigger of the two and could get her jaws around a football . 
 she ran off with it as i yelled at her in my head . 
 `` come on , jayne , bring that back . '' 
 she stopped a short distance away and put the ball at her feet . 
 she woofed at me and then saw something behind me . 
 she took off after it , running past me . 
 i turned and saw avril and pepper coming up the street . 
 pepper left her side and ran to meet her sister . 
 avril walked slowly toward us and i could tell something was wrong . 
 as she grew closer , i reached out to her and saw the tears . 
 i went to her . 
 `` my brother is here , '' she said . 
 i saw him in her mind and flinched at some of the memories . 
 she was n't letting me see everything , but what was there was not good . 
 he was seven years her senior and had reminded her of it every day he had been around her . 
 he was not a protective older brother . 
 tuck walked up and because we were all connected , he saw everything i did . 
 `` it 's okay , avril . 
 we wo n't let anything happen . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said . 
 she looked scared and i could see that she was worried he might do something to me . 
 for that reason , she did n't want me to meet him . 
 `` i 'm not going to stay away because i 'm afraid , '' i said . 
 `` stay away because of me , then . '' 
 i took her hand in mine and pulled her closer . 
 tuck turned away , embarrassed . 
 i did n't care . 
 `` we 've been through more together than most people in their entire lives . 
 you ca n't expect me to not be a part of this . 
 i ca n't just stay away from you . '' 
 we had grown so close and she knew what we meant to each other , but her fear was a real thing that was trying to take over her life . 
 her brother had been such a negative influence on everything good in her life it was hard for her to shake it off . 
 `` do you see me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 it had been a thing between us over the past few months . 
 whenever the world became too much , the trial , the surgery , the guilt , we had gotten in the habit of asking that question . 
 i do n't know who started it , and it did n't really matter , all that mattered was what it meant to us both . 
 she looked up at me , her face softening as she saw mine . 
 she was still the only one who could see that ghostly me and she knew it was special just for her . 
 she finally smiled , and then leaned in to me where i pulled her close and held her tight . 
 `` i see you , '' she said . 
 `` you two are kinda gross , '' tuck said , and we both laughed . 
 `` you 're just jealous , '' i said and he shrugged . 
 she reached out and grabbed tuck 's hand in hers and squeezed . 
 his face darkened and then she giggled . 
 `` you guys always make me feel better , '' she said . 
 `` want to go to the creek ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she nodded and tuck ran over to get the ball where jayne left it . 
 he ran to his house and put it on his porch and then ran back to catch up with us as we walked to the creek . 
 sadie and her children tagged along with us . 
 we clambered through the brambles , that now unpleasant but familiar feeling of claustrophobia pressing in around me as i made my way through the tunnel of bushes , and came out into the quiet woods . 
 the stench of rubber , the sounds of the traffic , the world outside now gone and all that remained was the quiet burble of the creek and the song of the birds that lived in the trees . 
 i held her hand as we walked along the path and when we arrived at the fallen tree that spanned the creek , i helped her up onto it and we all sat with our feet dangling down . 
 tuck had collected some rocks in his pocket and it was his thing to throw them into the water up stream . 
 sometimes little fish would dash toward us for his effort and the dogs would chase them in the shallow water . 
 sadie acted like a puppy herself sometimes and it was fun to watch her with her children . 
 avril 's mind wandered back to her brother and i muscled in there and tried to get her to forget . 
 one of her favorite things was to see into pepper 's mind and the simple things she thought , so when she was near pepper and me together , her joy at the dog 's thoughts always made me feel special . 
 we watched them chase the fish and listened to them talk to each other and laughed at how innocent they all were . 
 after a bit , we climbed down off the log and walked along the narrow animal path exploring the woods and just hanging out away from the world . 
 we found an old tree house that was pretty rickety , but still held our weight , and we climbed and looked out over the forest . 
 we could see the tire re-treading factory in the distance and watched as trucks and forklifts carried their loads around the yard . 
 i did n't like seeing the industrial part of our world intrude on our little oasis and neither did avril . 
 we climbed down the makeshift ladder and left tuck up there to his visions of wilderness and survival . 
 `` we 're going this way , '' i said , pointing and he waved us away . 
 `` i 'll catch up , '' he said . 
 avril and i explored further up the path until we could sense that tuck was out of range . 
 then she stopped and wrapped her arms around me as we stood in the quiet woods , her thoughts on me and how much i meant to her . 
 we were young , very young , and i do n't know if love was something we could feel , but if the average person felt what i felt when i was with her , i would bet that they would shout to the masses that everything was right in the world . 
 she looked up at me , a small smile on her lips and touched her fingertips to my face as i put mine to hers . 
 it was our intimacy , our way , and in some ways seemed that much more powerful than a kiss or embrace . 
 it was like an infinite loop of emotions pressed to our fingertips and we gave to each other what the other needed without words or thoughts or anything else . 
 we just knew . 
 and it was special . 
 sadie began to growl . 
 i pulled away from avril but she stayed close , shielding herself behind me . 
 sadie continued to make a noise low in her throat and her children did the same . 
 something was in the woods with us . 
 rodney stepped from behind a tree and sadie began to bark . 
 he grinned at us there on the path and pointed to the dog . 
 `` you going to call off your mutt ? '' 
 i told sadie it was okay and she stopped barking , but she stayed alert and anxious . 
 she could tell that it was n't really okay . 
 `` what are you two doing out here ? '' 
 he asked , taking a step closer . 
 `` we 're walking , '' avril said . 
 `` looks like you 're doing more than walking . '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` for you to go back the way you came . '' 
 his grin left his face . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i do n't have to tell you why . 
 just do it . '' 
 `` tell him he 's not in any position to give orders , '' i said to avril . 
 `` he should leave . '' 
 `` linc says you ca n't order us around . 
 why do n't you go ? '' 
 rodney looked confused . 
 he glanced back and forth between us . 
 `` linc says ? 
 how the hell do you know what he says ? 
 he ca n't talk . '' 
 `` i just do . 
 what are you doing out here anyway ? '' 
 `` none of your business . '' 
 he took another step toward us and i signaled sadie . 
 she started to growl again and lowered her head , her teeth bared . 
 hawkins , jayne and pepper did the same . 
 rodney looked a little worried and took a step back . 
 `` leave , '' avril said . 
 rodney raised his hands and walked backward a few steps . 
 then , he turned and walked away . 
 he disappeared into the thick growth and was gone . 
 `` that was weird , '' i said . 
 `` really . 
 i wonder what he was doing out here ? '' 
 tuck came running up . 
 `` i heard sadie barking . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` rodney was here , '' i said . 
 `` rodney ? 
 what was he doing out here ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he wanted us to leave , but we chose to stay . '' 
 tuck smiled . 
 `` i bet . '' 
 `` let 's look around . 
 i wan na know what he was up to , '' avril said . 
 avril and i left the path and went in the direction rodney had gone and tuck took hawkins and walked down the path a ways further and then stepped into the woods . 
 it did n't take us long to find it . 
 i was in front with avril right behind me holding on to my hand and i could see a ghost of a trail in the underbrush and followed it . 
 it was pretty thick , but i pushed the bushes out of the way ahead of me and meandered through . 
 it started to thin out and then i stumbled on a tiny tree stump and fell into a small clearing . 
 i stood and looked around . 
 there were little plants growing in rows and i do n't think they were tomato plants . 
 `` oh , shit , '' avril said . 
 tuck came out of the woods to our left down about twenty five yards and saw what we saw . 
 he made his way toward us . 
 `` this is pot , '' he said . 
 `` rodney 's a pot grower ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` this is a lot of marijuana , '' avril said . 
 `` he 's been very busy . '' 
 i did n't like being around this much illegal trade . 
 who knew when some cop or rodney with a few friends would show up . 
 time to go . 
 `` come on , '' i said . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 `` should we tell someone about this ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know . 
 the cops ? '' 
 `` they might try to drag us in on it too . 
 i do n't know . 
 let 's wait . '' 
 tuck shrugged and we pushed back through the brush the way we came . 
 rodney , a drug pusher ? 
 it just did n't make sense . 
 * * * i walked avril home . 
 i could tell as we got closer that she was slowing down . 
 she did n't want to go home to a brother who hated her . 
 i wanted to meet him . 
 to see what he was all about , but avril wanted me to stay far away . 
 the door opened as we walked up the step and a man i recognized from avril 's thoughts stared at us . 
 his gaze settled on me and i could feel it boring into my head . 
 he was tall , had dirty blonde hair like avril , but it was cut close , almost shaven . 
 he was dressed in jeans and a white undershirt and boots that looked military issue . 
 but the thing that made me hesitate was the colors that were all around him . 
 dark colors that intermingled with each other ; blacks and browns and purples with greenish yellow swirling within it so that it looked like a bruise in motion . 
 it leaked from within him and sank to the ground where it disappeared into the earth . 
 i did n't like looking at it and it made me think of horror movies with dead things floating in the water . 
 `` i ca n't believe you just took off , avril , '' he said . 
 `` did n't want to see your older brother come home from the war ? '' 
 she did n't say anything , but she grabbed my hand and held it . 
 tight . 
 he saw this and scowled . 
 he stuck out his hand and said , `` i 'm bret . 
 you must be that kid my pop talks about . '' 
 `` his name 's linc , '' avril said . 
 i took his hand in mine and he gripped it tight , squeezing to where i winced inside . 
 `` good to meet you , linc . 
 i hear a lot about you . '' 
 i really did n't believe he thought it was good to meet me , but i nodded anyway and pulled out my computer . 
 `` you 're in the army ? '' 
 i typed . 
 he leaned over and read what i wrote . 
 `` yeah . 
 sergeant . 
 rangers . 
 i just got back from afghanistan . 
 how the hell do you see ? '' 
 `` with vibrations , '' i typed . 
 `` kind of like sonar . '' 
 `` man , i bet the military would love to do some tests on you . '' 
 `` he 's not a guinea pig , '' avril said . 
 i could see her anger overcoming her fear . 
 he was kind of a dick . 
 `` no . 
 i guess he would n't be , now , would he ? 
 good thing you 're home , avril . 
 it 's time for dinner . 
 i made hamburgers . 
 does your little friend want to stay and eat ? '' 
 `` he has to go , '' she said . 
 `` he was just walking me home . '' 
 `` got it . 
 all right , get on in here . '' 
 avril squeezed my hand again and i told her it would be okay and to yell if she needed me . 
 i knew i would hear her . 
 bret frowned at us and let her pass into the house . 
 he shut the door behind her and stood over me . 
 `` what are you doing with my sister ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure what you mean , bret . '' 
 `` you call me sir and you know exactly what i mean . 
 my pop wo n't say anything , but i will . 
 there 's no future with you and her . 
 got it ? 
 so , find some other toy to play with . '' 
 `` she 's not a toy . '' 
 he grabbed me by the shirt and pinned me up against the wall . 
 `` you are n't listening , '' he said . 
 `` you break it off and stay away or you 'll find yourself at the wrong end of a bat . '' 
 `` been there , '' i typed . 
 `` does n't scare me . '' 
 and it did n't . 
 this was not the way to start a relationship with me and if he wanted to find that out he would keep it up . 
 i just did n't want to lose it for avril 's sake . 
 `` what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 i shrugged , but did n't type anymore . 
 he set me down and let me go . 
 `` consider it a warning . 
 i do n't want to see you around here anymore . '' 
 he turned and slammed the door in my face . 
 i heard yelling coming from the other side of the door , but it was directed at pepper , not avril . 
 bret was going to be a problem . 
 a big problem and i had no idea how to handle it . 
 chapter 2 susan opens up i walked into my house and saw susan sitting on the couch with joey . 
 he was still in his work clothes and they separated from one another as if they had been doing something they were n't supposed to . 
 she looked embarrassed , but it did n't bother me . 
 they were adults and could do whatever they wanted . 
 `` hi , linc , '' susan said . 
 i waved and came over . 
 she was also in her zoo uniform and she smelled like the animals . 
 i liked that smell . 
 it made me feel comfortable and in a place i liked . 
 she smiled at me as i handed her my computer . 
 `` how are tammy and reggie ? '' 
 i had typed . 
 `` they miss you , '' she said . 
 `` when are you going to come and see them ? '' 
 the elephants were pretty cool , but i really wanted to see rebecca , the chimpanzee who lost her baby , molly . 
 `` i want to bring avril . 
 hopefully soon . '' 
 she looked at joey . 
 `` avril is his friend , '' joey said . 
 `` she 's pretty cool . 
 you 'd like her . '' 
 `` when you bring her , make sure you come see me . 
 i 'll let her see behind the scenes if you two want . '' 
 `` that would be cool , '' i typed . 
 `` we can take the bus or something tomorrow or the next day . '' 
 mom walked in looking harried and tired and she saw susan and attempted a smile . 
 `` hi , susan . '' 
 mom headed straight for the cupboard and pulled out the bottle of vodka . 
 `` tough day , sis ? '' 
 joey said , smiling . 
 `` you have no idea . '' 
 kaylin came in next and the whole family was there . 
 that rarely happened anymore and i missed it . 
 kaylin had a job for the summer , trying to save money for community college in the fall and i was usually home all by myself for most of the day . 
 she came up and hugged me . 
 `` how 's avril ? '' 
 she asked . 
 ever since the day , she did this , a hug , a smile , and the question . 
 i liked it . 
 `` she is having a hard time . '' 
 i showed her the brother thing and she frowned . 
 mom was paying attention now too . 
 `` he really said that to you ? '' 
 kaylin asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` you were n't scared ? 
 do n't you think you should be ? '' 
 `` i do n't seem to frighten that easily anymore , but yes , i was scared . 
 i just hide it well . 
 he 's pretty creepy . '' 
 `` you stay away from him , '' mom said . 
 `` what are you guys talking about ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 he was always out of the loop when we got going in our heads . 
 susan looked confused . 
 she had n't realized a whole conversation had been going on around her . 
 she just assumed we were all quiet . 
 mom explained to her about the telepathy . 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 susan asked . 
 her look of wonder making her seem prettier than she normally was . 
 `` they 're not , '' joey said . 
 `` that 's amazing . '' 
 `` it 's difficult , too , '' mom said . 
 `` it 's hard to keep things to yourself in this house . '' 
 `` i could see how that would be a problem , '' susan said , but she was staring at me . 
 `` i ca n't see or hear anything , though . 
 how does it work ? '' 
 `` you have to connect with him , '' joey said , standing up and going to the fridge for a beer . 
 he seemed distracted and not really into the conversation . 
 `` you have n't done this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no . 
 and i 'm not going to . 
 i do n't want all these people in my head . '' 
 he popped the top and took a swig of the beer . 
 susan turned to me . 
 `` is that what 's going on with the animals ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` but not like you think , '' i typed . 
 `` there 's something they sense in me , but i still have to connect with them and then i can read their thoughts . '' 
 `` you can read their thoughts ? 
 oh my god . 
 linc . 
 you have to let me see . 
 can you show me ? '' 
 `` susan , no , '' joey said . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 she looked disappointed and actually a little angry with joey . 
 `` i ca n't believe you would n't want to be a part of this . '' 
 `` i just do n't , '' he said . 
 `` and you should n't either . '' 
 she turned back to me . 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 joey threw up his hands in exasperation . 
 she ignored him . 
 `` i have to let you in , but when we connect , it 's forever . 
 i ca n't take it back . '' 
 `` ever ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` but there is something i can do that i just learned that will let you see a glimpse of what it 's like and you can decide then . 
 i 'm kind of picky about who i let in , but i like you . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i like you too , linc . 
 show me . 
 i want to see . '' 
 i put my computer in my pocket and reached my hand up toward her face , pausing . 
 she nodded , as everyone watched , including joey . 
 my fingertips touched her skin and i sent a bit of myself to her and she took a quick breath in and jerked . 
 then she smiled . 
 `` oh my god . 
 i see . 
 i can see sadie and her puppies . 
 avril too . 
 it 's weird how i just know who they are . '' 
 `` pretty cool , huh ? '' 
 i said . 
 she stared at me . 
 `` your voice . 
 it 's more than i imagined . 
 deeper . 
 older . 
 and i see colors . 
 what 's that ? '' 
 `` it 's what i see . 
 auras . 
 everybody has them . '' 
 i pulled my fingertips away and the connection blinked out . 
 she looked disappointed it was over , but she smiled at me . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 `` that was amazing . 
 i want to be connected all the time . '' 
 `` why do n't you think about it ? '' 
 joey said . 
 `` yes , '' my mother said . 
 i could tell she was n't sure about introducing someone they did n't know that well into the intimate setting of this family . 
 `` give it some time and see how you feel about it . '' 
 `` if i could talk to the animals , there would be so many things we could do to improve their lives . 
 i do n't want to wait . '' 
 `` that 's the thing , '' joey said . 
 `` he has to be there for that to work . 
 he 's the connection . 
 without him , you have nothing . '' 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded . 
 she looked away . 
 `` i 'll have to think about it . '' 
 i nodded and typed . 
 `` it 's not something to just rush into . 
 it will change you . 
 i 'll be here when you 're ready . 
 if you 're ready . '' 
 she smiled at me again and touched my arm . 
 `` you 're pretty special , '' she said . 
 `` hey , what about me ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 susan turned to him with a huge grin on her face . 
 `` you 're just okay , '' she joked . 
 `` oh great . 
 you have to have some kind of super-power to win you over , huh ? 
 i can throw a football over the mountains . '' 
 `` i do n't see any mountains in florida , '' mom said . 
 joey grinned and sipped his beer . 
 the mountains would have to wait . 
 * * * the next day i went to pick avril up at her house . 
 i did n't care whether or not bret wanted me there and i was n't going to let him keep me from her . 
 he was gone so everything was fine anyway . 
 avril was in a good mood and excited to be going to the zoo with me . 
 she loved animals and she could n't wait to talk with them . 
 we met tuck at the bus stop and waited for the bus to arrive . 
 there were only a handful of people waiting with us and they mostly ignored us . 
 mostly . 
 one old guy kept looking my way . 
 i was used to attracting attention wherever i went so it did n't really bother me until he began staring at avril . 
 she was holding my hand and leaning up against me as we talked , so anybody could tell that there was something between us . 
 this guy scowled after a minute and went back to his paper , but whenever i looked up at him , he was staring at her . 
 or maybe us . 
 the thing that was bothering me the most was his color . 
 or lack of it . 
 his aura was slate gray with no color and i 'd never seen anything like it . 
 it was almost as if he was walking around dead but did n't know it yet . 
 `` you keep looking at that guy , '' avril said . 
 `` is there something wrong ? '' 
 `` he keeps staring at you . 
 i do n't like it . '' 
 `` maybe he thinks i 'm cute . '' 
 she smiled at him and he looked away . 
 `` you are cute , '' i said and pulled her closer . 
 `` oh no , '' tuck said . 
 `` here we go . 
 you guys are n't going to get all weird and stuff again , are you ? '' 
 `` depends on what you mean by weird , '' avril said . 
 she leaned over and kissed him on the cheek . 
 his face darkened and he made a face , but we all knew he liked it . 
 `` gross , '' he said . 
 he smiled at her and then pushed her a little . 
 `` i do believe you 're all embarrassed tucker conroy , '' she said . 
 `` you need a girlfriend . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 like i need a hole in my head . '' 
 `` you like that debbie girl from psychology last year . '' 
 `` i do not . '' 
 she gave him a look . 
 `` you do know that we see everything in each other 's heads , right ? '' 
 `` so ... '' `` she 's in there , '' avril said . 
 `` a lot . '' 
 tuck 's face darkened again and his aura shimmered around him as it brightened . 
 `` she smells good , '' he finally said . 
 avril noticed that i was staring at the guy again and she turned my head toward her with her hand . 
 `` he 's just an old guy , '' she said , staring deep into my soul . 
 she knew something was bothering me . 
 `` look at his aura , '' i said . 
 `` you see it , right ? '' 
 she turned to him and frowned . 
 `` yes . 
 i see it . '' 
 `` i 've never seen one like it . '' 
 tuck was looking now , too , but he could n't see auras like we could . 
 `` never ? '' 
 `` never . '' 
 `` mrs. oliver next door to me has one like that , '' avril said . 
 `` she has cancer and they say she 's dying . '' 
 `` just like his ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . 
 close . 
 she still has some color at the center . '' 
 `` i do n't like it . 
 it 's not right . '' 
 i watched him watch us and he made a face . 
 avril stared too , her mood shifting to match mine and then the bus pulled up and the man stood . 
 we got in line to board and as avril was stepping up a woman behind us cried out . 
 i turned and saw the old guy on the ground . 
 she was over him , asking him if he was okay . 
 a man behind us in blue shorts went to him and knelt . 
 `` he 's having a heart attack or something , '' he said . 
 `` someone call 911 . '' 
 the old guy who had been staring lay face up on the sidewalk . 
 his hands were on his chest and his face had turned an ashen white , the aura around him fading . 
 `` he 's dying , '' avril said next to me , `` oh , linc . 
 he 's dying . 
 that 's what it was . '' 
 we stood in the small circle around him as the man in the blue shorts started to do c.p.r. . 
 a couple of others were on their phones calling an ambulance and more people were exiting the bus to see what was going on . 
 the old guy 's eyes were fixed on my face . 
 i could see that they were blue and this bothered me . 
 i could only see shades of gray except for the aura around living creatures . 
 and in that rare case when i lost control of my power . 
 something was happening . 
 i pushed my way through a couple of people and knelt next to him as the guy in the blue shorts continued c.p.r. . 
 the old man was still barely hanging on . 
 i could see his aura just beneath him . 
 flat and lifeless , but still there . 
 i do n't know why , but i reached out and put my hand to his face . 
 the tingling shot down my arm into him and he jolted as he lay there . 
 his mind opened to me and i flinched at the pain he was feeling . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he asked , weakly , in my head . 
 `` what are you doing to me ? '' 
 `` i 'm linc . 
 you do n't have much time , '' i said . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 he understood and showed me what was most important to him . 
 then he slipped away and i felt him leave . 
 it was like a curtain being drawn closed across my mind . 
 a blankness that even eclipsed mine . 
 i felt him go and i wept inside . 
 i looked up at the man doing c.p.r. and shook my head . 
 `` he 's gone , '' avril said , tears in her eyes as she talked to the man . 
 `` you can stop . 
 he 's gone . '' 
 `` i ca n't stop , '' he said , breathless . 
 `` i 'm not supposed to stop . 
 how do you know he 's gone ? '' 
 `` we just do . '' 
 `` you ca n't know . 
 i 'm not supposed to stop . '' 
 my fingers left the old guy 's face . 
 george 's face . 
 i knew his name now . 
 it was george marshall . 
 i stood and moved back out of the crowd . 
 the sirens could be heard then and a moment later the paramedics arrived and jumped from their ambulance to start working on him . 
 i held avril in my arms as they worked , but we both knew he would not be back . 
 his aura was gone just as he was . 
 i saw it leave . 
 it floated away in the breeze , and spread out into the sky . 
 it sang a note as it melted into nothingness . 
 a note not of pain or sorrow , but joy , and i heard it ring out its release . 
 it was the most beautiful sound i had ever heard . 
 and i would never forget . 
 * * * we decided to go ahead on to the zoo even though what we were all feeling weighed on us . 
 it was what avril wanted and she always seemed to be able to bring out the best in any situation . 
 she still cried most of the bus ride there , but i held her close and showed her what i had seen in the man 's head and she smiled at me after a while and whispered in my ear . 
 `` we 'll go see her together . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` i was hoping you would say that . '' 
 the old guy 's last words were a promise . 
 and i had every intention of keeping that promise . 
 even if it took all summer . 
 we arrived at the zoo , putting george marshall out of our heads , and set out in the park to have fun . 
 it was hot and sunny and the animals were lazy , but whenever i got close to their pens , they would get up and come over to see . 
 it was amazing to avril and she kept a smile on her face the whole afternoon . 
 at the elephants ' enclosure , reggie and tammy trumpeted a greeting to us and came over to the edge and put their trunks through the gaps . 
 tuck laughed as reggie dumped a trunkful of dirt on his head , covering his face with dust . 
 the little kids who were there squealed and carried on . 
 susan came out and spent some time with us , showing how the elephants could eat a whole pumpkin on their own . 
 she and avril hit it off right away . 
 `` linc let me see last night , '' susan told her . 
 `` i really want to be able to see the animals ' thoughts . 
 i 'm going to let him connect with me . '' 
 `` it will be the most amazing thing you ever do , '' avril told her . 
 she watched me play with tammy and smiled . 
 `` he 's the most awesome person i 've ever known . 
 i know i love him . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 i just do . '' 
 i beckoned her over and she came to me . 
 i pulled her into my arms and held her tight , never wanting to let her go . 
 tammy reached out with her trunk and rested it on avril 's shoulder . 
 she laughed and scratched the roughness of it . 
 in tammy 's mind , she was telling us she was happy . 
 she was going to have another baby and her sadness at losing her first at the hands of fred was slowly being replaced with joy at the thought of the new life growing inside of her . 
 we waved susan over and she came up to us , reaching out for tammy 's trunk and rubbing her . 
 `` she 's pregnant , '' avril said , beaming . 
 `` she 's going to have a baby . '' 
 `` what ? 
 she knows she 's pregnant ? 
 we always just assumed they were n't aware of what was going on . 
 oh my god . 
 i ca n't believe it . 
 oh tammy , i 'm so proud of you . '' 
 reggie thumped over too and blasted his call out to the zoo . 
 it was so loud that avril put her hands to her ears and grinned . 
 `` i ca n't believe how awesome this is , '' she said . 
 `` thank you for bringing me . '' 
 susan said she 'd be by later that evening and we said our goodbyes and went to see rebecca . 
 on the way , tuck ran up to the lions ' enclosure and stood at the glass , waiting . 
 the female came over , but the male stayed on his rock , unmoving . 
 `` why wo n't he come over ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 `` linc . 
 make him come over . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 it 's not like that . 
 they just come to me on their own . '' 
 the female paced in front of the glass divider , grunting as she moved . 
 she appeared agitated . 
 i put my hand to the glass and she walked up to it , pressing her nose to where my palm lay flat on the smooth surface . 
 i could n't feel her no matter how hard i tried and i pulled my hand away . 
 `` try over here , '' tuck said , moving to a spot away from the glass where an iron fence overgrown with plants separated the lions from the public . 
 i stepped over some rocks there and went to the fence . 
 the female approached and i reached through the fence with my hand . 
 avril held her breath , but i knew the lioness would n't hurt me . 
 i do n't know how i knew , it was just a feeling . 
 she put her head to my hand and i rubbed the coarse fur on her head and she purred loudly . 
 i held my palm against her and felt that familiar tingle and she grunted next to me but held still . 
 the male was sick . 
 he had eaten some part of a plant by the fence and was not keeping his food down . 
 she showed me this like a movie in her head and i understood . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 a male voice shouted . 
 `` you ! 
 move back ! 
 you 're going to lose a hand . '' 
 i turned to the zookeeper and he stopped in his tracks , shocked at my faceless skin staring back at him . 
 he recovered quickly and jogged over to where i stood on the other side of the rocks . 
 `` come on , '' he said . 
 `` pull your hand back slowly and step back over the rocks . '' 
 he reached out his hand to grab mine . 
 `` it 's okay , '' avril said . 
 `` she was telling us what 's wrong with the male . '' 
 the zookeeper looked at her like she was on drugs and stepped over the rocks to me , grabbing my shirt and pulling . 
 the lioness roared and i saw the fear on his face . 
 `` please , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't want you to get hurt . '' 
 i did as he asked and when we were all on the walkway he grew angry . 
 `` that was foolish , '' he said . 
 he pulled out his radio and called for security . 
 `` that was a good way to lose that hand or worse . '' 
 `` timbor is sick , '' tuck said . 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 the zookeeper asked . 
 `` he can talk to them , '' tuck said , pointing . 
 the zookeeper paused with the radio close to his lips and looked at me . 
 i nodded . 
 `` you three are leaving the zoo and it does n't matter what you tell me . 
 nobody talks to animals . 
 this is n't the movies or some novel . '' 
 `` he does . '' 
 susan walked up . 
 `` susan , '' the zookeeper said , surprise in his voice . 
 `` do you know these three ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 jim , this is linc . 
 he 's very special . 
 he can talk to them and they listen . '' 
 she turned to me . 
 `` what did they say , linc ? '' 
 `` the male , timbor , ate some part of a plant and has been throwing up , '' avril said . 
 `` the lioness told us . '' 
 `` he has been sick , '' jim said , astonished . 
 `` but we did n't know what was wrong . '' 
 `` well , now you do , '' susan said . 
 `` can you show us which plant , linc ? '' 
 i nodded and walked away . 
 they followed me around the pen as the lioness kept pace with us on the other side of the fence . 
 around the back , i stopped and pointed to a prickly looking bush that we could tell had been damaged . 
 `` i told them this thing needed to be replaced , '' jim said , pulling his walkie talkie off his belt and radioing the veterinarian . 
 `` they said , ` oh , they do n't eat plants . '' ' 
 `` can you fix him ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 `` we 'll get him some medicine and he 'll be back to his old self in no time , '' jim said . 
 `` thank you , son . 
 just keep your hands close to your body from now on , okay ? '' 
 i nodded and jim moved off to supervise the treatment of timbor . 
 `` jim 's really a good guy , '' susan said . 
 `` he probably just freaked when he saw you so close to the lioness . 
 she did n't try to bite or anything , did she ? '' 
 i shook my head and typed . 
 `` she was purring . '' 
 susan laughed . 
 `` so much for the dangerous kings of the jungle . '' 
 `` she was worried about her mate , '' avril said . 
 `` that was really sweet . '' 
 `` there 's so much we do n't understand about them , '' susan said . 
 `` linc says they are a lot like us , just simpler in the way they think . 
 they do n't carry around as much baggage as we do . '' 
 susan had that look of wonder she gets when things are n't what she expects . 
 `` come with me , '' she said and started walking toward a section of the zoo that we had n't visited yet . 
 she came to a gate and pressed her badge to a scanner and it popped the lock . 
 pushing it open for us , she motioned inside . 
 `` this way . '' 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 `` the medical facilities , '' she said . 
 `` i want to see if you can help . '' 
 we walked along a shaded path , the zoo sounds fading into the background , and came upon an area surrounded by twelve to fifteen foot hedges and palms that shielded it from the rest of the property . 
 pens and cages were nestled along a path with lean-to type roofs over them and specialized equipment i could only guess at . 
 at the center of the area was a huge tank . 
 susan walked to it and a single dolphin breached the surface and exhaled through its blow hole . 
 avril 's mouth hung open and tuck had a huge grin on his face . 
 we had never been this close to a marine mammal in our lives and it was pretty cool . 
 a zookeeper or veterinarian with a bucket was on a walkway out over the tank . 
 she was holding a fish out over the water , but the dolphin was ignoring it . 
 `` come on over , guys , '' susan said and waved us closer . 
 `` this is maria . 
 she 's a recent transfer from the aquarium in st. augustine . '' 
 maria came up to the edge of the tank and her nose popped out of the water . 
 she made a whistling sound and nodded her head up and down . 
 the woman on the platform stood up and stared . 
 `` hi , maria , '' susan said , placing her hand on her snout and rubbing . 
 `` are you feeling better , girl ? '' 
 `` she 's sick ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` she wo n't eat , '' the woman said walking up to us and leaning on the railing of the walkway . 
 `` this is dr. eva , '' susan said . 
 `` she 's one of the vets here at the zoo . 
 doc , this is avril , tuck and linc . '' 
 she pointed at each of us and the doctor shook all of our hands . 
 `` what 's wrong with her ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` we do n't know , '' dr. eva said . 
 `` she 's only been here a week or so , but she refuses to eat . 
 the aquarium in st. augustine says they did n't have that issue when she was there . '' 
 `` if we do n't figure it out we might have to send her back , '' susan said . 
 `` or worse . '' 
 maria 's snout broke the surface of the water again and she nodded her head up and down rapidly making clicking noises and a few whistles . 
 i could tell she was focused on me . 
 `` this is the most active i 've seen her since she arrived , '' dr. eva said and stood straight up . 
 `` i want to try something , '' susan said to the doc . 
 `` with your permission , of course . '' 
 `` depends on what , '' dr. eva said . 
 `` i want linc to interact with her . '' 
 `` i do n't mean to be a party pooper , but she 's too sick for an individual tour , susan . 
 i do n't think it would be a good idea . '' 
 `` no , '' susan said . 
 `` it 's not like that . 
 linc has a special talent . 
 he wo n't hurt her and it will only be a moment . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 dr. eva stared at me , unsure . 
 i could see she was a very caring person , her aura closely resembling avril 's , and she was genuinely concerned about maria . 
 i told avril to tell her something for me . 
 `` linc says he knows you 're worried about her . 
 he can help . 
 he really can , '' avril said . 
 `` only for a moment , '' dr. eva said . 
 `` i do n't want her stressed . '' 
 susan grabbed my hand and pulled me up onto a set of steps that got me right up to the edge of the tank . 
 maria came up and i put my hand to her snout . 
 i expected it to feel slimy or oily , but it was kind of rough and firm feeling . 
 she let me rub her there and then i put my face closer and she touched her snout to the smooth skin there . 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea , '' dr. eva said , starting toward me . 
 susan raised her hand to stop her , but did n't take her eyes off of me and maria . 
 she was smiling . 
 i let maria in and her world opened to me . 
 her memories of open seas and blue green water sliding past her skin as she sped through the salt water jumped into my head and i smiled inside at the beauty of it . 
 it was like flying and as i sailed along above an open abyss , other dolphins were there with me . 
 they had no names . 
 only sounds and differences in their auras separated them from one another . 
 they spoke in a tongue we could only imagine and maria 's mind understood it all . 
 she was very intelligent and she intuitively knew what i was and what was happening . 
 i saw immediately what was causing her lack of appetite and i wanted to weep for what she was feeling . 
 i could see avril out of the corner of my eye and she was crying . 
 she and tuck were feeling everything maria and i were sharing . 
 `` she 's heartbroken , '' avril said . 
 `` you 've taken her away from her mate , her only family , and she does n't want to live if she ca n't be with him . 
 it 's so sad . '' 
 avril wiped tears from her eyes with her hands and stared at the doctor . 
 `` you have to get them back together , '' avril said . 
 `` she 'll die if you do n't . '' 
 dr. eva 's mouth was hanging open and she looked back and forth between avril , susan and me . 
 she moved a few steps closer and knelt by us . 
 `` i do n't understand what 's happening here , '' dr. eva said . 
 `` who is this boy ? '' 
 `` he 's very special , '' susan said , stroking maria 's snout as she spoke . 
 `` he has a talent that no one has ever seen before , but it 's proving to be very remarkable . 
 he has telepathy , not only with humans , but animals too . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 dr. eva asked , unbelieving . 
 `` he can talk to animals , '' susan said and smiled . 
 `` he 's doing it now with maria . '' 
 maria 's pain was a living thing inside her . 
 she was close to giving up all she was and succumbing to her grief , and what little energy she had she was expending on me . 
 she knew that i was her last hope . 
 that if i could n't find her mate , no one could , and she would rather die . 
 `` she wo n't eat because she does n't want to live without him . 
 where is he ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` they have all been moved to different facilities , '' dr. eva said . 
 `` st. augustine is closing and they all needed homes . 
 we took maria to help them out . 
 i do n't know where the others went . '' 
 `` we have to find out , '' susan said . 
 `` that 's not possible . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` even if we did , we do n't have the space for him and we took her here because the facility the others were transferred to did n't have room for her . '' 
 `` ca n't you contact st. augustine and find out where he is ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` i can try . 
 i do n't know what good it will do . 
 like i said , we do n't have room here . '' 
 `` then we have to move them both to a place that does , '' susan said . 
 `` that 's not our decision , '' dr. eva said . 
 `` i do n't make those choices . 
 the board of directors does . '' 
 `` then you need to talk to them , '' avril pleaded . 
 `` she 's going to die . 
 you have to help her . '' 
 `` i wo n't let her die , '' dr. eva said . 
 `` all i can do is try and see what they 'll do . '' 
 `` linc says she wo n't last more than a few days . 
 she 's very weak right now , '' avril said , moving closer to me . 
 i said she could touch her . 
 she climbed the steps and maria moved to her where she could rub her snout . 
 avril smiled at her touch and then started crying softly . 
 no more words needed to be said . 
 susan led us out of the infirmary area and back to the main zoo . 
 `` i plan on coming over later , linc , '' she said . 
 `` i 'd like you to share this with me . 
 will you still consider it ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` of course , '' i typed . 
 `` i 'll be waiting . '' 
 susan gave us all a hug and then moved off to another area of the park . 
 we had one more visit to make , though we felt drained from all the emotions we had been exposed to that morning . 
 avril walked with her hand in mine and she was lost in her own thoughts as was tuck . 
 i let them have their space and kept my thoughts to myself as well . 
 we arrived at the chimp paddock and rebecca came running up excited to see me . 
 the other apes joined her and soon the whole clan was in front of the glass either acting up or staring at us . 
 rebecca , in her way , showed me that things were slowly getting better now that their tormenter , fred , was gone and they were no longer afraid . 
 she felt guilty over their actions , but she had been so lost in grief that no other reaction could have been expected . 
 they were animals after all , and they had felt threatened . 
 avril and tuck both knew what had happened here with fred . 
 there was no way i could hide it , and they accepted it for what it was . 
 avril had , for the most part , let her fear of me go and knew in her heart that i would not hurt her or do something with my ` power ' that would cause pain or hurt without just cause . 
 she also knew that it was she who kept me grounded and she bore that responsibility with affection and felt it not only her obligation , but her own purpose in this part of her life and maybe for all time . 
 i know it 's pretty strange for fifteen year olds to be talking about a commitment that spans a lifetime , but there was something between us that neither of us could explain or ignore . 
 i loved her . 
 i knew that now , but it was more than that . 
 i think she was meant for me , and we had been lucky enough to find each other in the vast darkness that was this world . 
 `` they 're so amazing , '' avril said , her innocent wonder back on her face and the smile that i could trace in my dreams shining through the beautiful colors that were her . 
 tuck was acting up with one of the males and they were mimicking each other through the glass , a girl of about five giggling at them and joining in . 
 avril went over and added her own goofiness to the fun . 
 we hung out with the apes for a bit longer and then it was time to leave . 
 on the bus trip back home , tuck and avril both fell asleep , her leaning on my shoulder and tuck 's head up against the glass . 
 i stayed awake and let my mind wander to the dolphin , maria . 
 i hoped that dr. eva would be able to convince the board to do the right thing . 
 it worried me and i could see that it worried avril as well . 
 even in her sleep . 
 her dreams were restless and they focused on dolphins swimming freely in the open ocean . 
 two of them . 
 a male and female and i worried that her ability to see into the future was somehow playing out a scene we would be involved in . 
 she dreamed of freedom for maria and her mate and i hoped for it too . 
 no matter what it took to gain it . 
 * * * after the bus dropped us off , tuck and i walked avril home and she said she would come see me later . 
 still no sign of bret . 
 tuck and i tossed the football around until joey got home and then he joined in . 
 it had been a while since he 'd thrown the ball with us and he was not pulling any punches . 
 maybe he was trying to throw it over a mountain . 
 i was getting my strength back and could get the ball to travel a good thirty yards in a nice tight spiral . 
 the accuracy was still lacking and tuck had to chase after it a few times . 
 he was getting better . 
 if i could get back eighty percent of what i had we would be a pretty tough duo to beat . 
 i had a month before summer tryouts . 
 i could do this . 
 tuck threw the ball back to me and i told him to go long . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i waved him on with my hand . 
 i wanted to see what i had . 
 `` be careful , linc , '' joey said , but i ignored him . 
 tuck took off running and i concentrated on the familiar feeling now racing up my spine to my hand , it felt strong , powerful , like i could heave this bag of air and leather into the next neighborhood . 
 i waited a beat , letting the power build then i let the ball fly . 
 a brittle pain erupted in my arm , stabbing and white hot , but the ball flew true and as i grabbed my arm with my other hand , i watched it fly over fifty yards and tuck reached out to pull it from the air . 
 he spiked it into the ground . 
 `` yeah ! 
 you did it . '' 
 `` i did something , '' i said as joey walked over . 
 he could see something was wrong . 
 the pain was lessening and i flexed my fingers . 
 they moved without any problems , but the pain flared every time i wiggled them . 
 tuck ran up , out of breath . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` i hurt it , '' i said , now angry at myself for being so foolish . 
 `` can you shake it off ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 `` no . 
 i think we 're done for the day . 
 i 'm going to put some ice on it . '' 
 `` see . 
 dang it . 
 i knew you should n't have done it . 
 it was pretty , though . 
 like your old self . 
 you do know this means you can still do it . 
 you 're just not ready yet . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i smiled in my head and tuck smiled back . 
 `` we 're going to kick ass this year . '' 
 `` damn right , '' joey said . 
 `` come on , linc . 
 i 'll get you some ice . '' 
 tuck went to his house and joey got ice for me and a beer for himself . 
 i sat in front of the tv with it until susan showed up and then avril right after her . 
 pepper had come along with her , and her brother and sister did their normal rambunctious greeting . 
 joey put them outside . 
 `` you over did it , did n't you ? '' 
 avril said and i nodded . 
 `` will it be okay ? '' 
 `` i think so . 
 it 's not swelling or anything . 
 it just throbs . '' 
 she touched it lightly with her fingertips . 
 `` just keep the ice on it for a while . 
 i can see it getting better . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` you can ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 i can see you throwing the football to tuck just as clearly as if it were happening right now . 
 so , it must be true . 
 i 'm beginning to trust this thing you 've given me . 
 it 's special , like you . '' 
 `` i think you had it already . 
 maybe i just made it come out . '' 
 `` i like to think of it as the gift you gave me . 
 a part of you that 's now in me and no matter what , i 'll always carry that part of you around inside . '' 
 she had a way of saying things that made me want to grab her and pull her to me . 
 this girl was so much more than anyone i had ever known and i needed her . 
 more than she would ever know . 
 i grabbed her hand and she leaned into me , her soft hair against my neck and face , the now familiar scent of her filling my senses . 
 i never wanted to forget that smell . 
 it would stay with me for ever . 
 susan was smiling at us , and then she looked up at joey who was pretending to watch the television . 
 he looked her way and something passed between them . 
 she went over to him and squeezed in with him in the recliner . 
 `` dang , woman , '' joey teased , but pulled her close . 
 mom walked in , tripping over the dogs as they ran past her into the house . 
 `` linc ! 
 will you get these dogs out of the way . 
 i ca n't even walk into my own house . '' 
 `` sorry , mom . '' 
 i jumped up and signaled to hawkins , jayne and pepper and they all bounded after me to the door . 
 `` you guys stay , '' i said and pointed . 
 they woofed at me , understanding , their tongues hanging out , panting . 
 they ran out the door , pepper chasing hawkins ' tail , and i shut it after them . 
 mom was at the counter , pouring her usual vodka straight up over ice . 
 she sipped it . 
 or should i say , gulped it . 
 `` i hate my job , '' she said after a moment . 
 `` we know , '' joey said . 
 `` i hate mine too , so join the club . '' 
 `` i like mine , '' susan said and mom gave her a look . 
 `` especially after today . '' 
 mom searched my head and saw all that had happened . 
 she seemed more concerned about the dead guy than anything that had happened at the zoo . 
 `` avril , are you all right , honey ? '' 
 mom asked , coming over . 
 she had gotten in the habit of calling her honey at the hospital and it had stuck . 
 i could tell avril liked it . 
 she missed having a mother and mine was a good substitute , alcohol and all . 
 `` yes , mrs. delabar . 
 i 'm fine . 
 it was just kind of weird . 
 i could see that something was going to happen to him and when it did , it was scary . '' 
 `` linc , you hold her close today . 
 she needs you . '' 
 `` i can handle that , '' i said , avril smiling at me as i pulled her in . 
 `` he 's been babying me all day , '' avril said . 
 `` hey . 
 you did n't seem to mind , '' i said . 
 `` i did n't . '' 
 `` there 's a whole conversation going on here , is n't there ? '' 
 susan asked with that look of wonder on her face that i had grown to know . 
 `` yep , '' joey said . 
 `` i just ignore them . 
 it works . '' 
 `` i 'm ready for this to happen , '' susan said . 
 `` after today , i 'm sure . 
 i need to see . '' 
 `` i knew this would happen , '' joey said . 
 `` i ca n't believe you would want that . '' 
 `` you should have seen what happened at the zoo today with linc . 
 the entire staff is talking about it . 
 they want him to come and work there . '' 
 i was shocked . 
 i had n't even considered something like that . 
 `` linc , '' avril said , `` that would be so cool . '' 
 `` it would . 
 i do n't know though . 
 what about football ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure they could work around it . 
 you should do it . '' 
 susan had a questioning look on her face and avril answered for me . 
 `` he 's worried about football season getting in the way , but he would love working at the zoo . 
 he 's excited . '' 
 `` we would work around your school time . 
 maybe just on the weekends at first during school . 
 whatever you need . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' mom said , always the pessimist . 
 `` what if he got attacked by some lion or trampled by an elephant ? 
 he 's never been around those kinds of things . '' 
 `` he 'd receive training and have people with him all the time . 
 besides , '' she smiled , `` the animals would never hurt him . 
 he has a way with them . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` he 'd be making some money , '' joey said , always the practical one . 
 `` about time he started contributing to the welfare of this family . '' 
 `` he 's fifteen , joseph . 
 he does n't need to give us money . '' 
 `` uh oh . 
 she threw out the full name , '' joey grinned . 
 `` i 'm in trouble now . '' 
 `` we 'll see , '' mom said , but the frown on her face led me to believe that she was going to be stubborn on this one . 
 i unwrapped myself from avril , and stood up , going to the sink . 
 i put the ice pack in it and then went to susan who was still crammed in the chair with joey . 
 i reached for her hand and she took mine in hers , a frightened look on her face , even though she smiled . 
 i led her to the couch and she sat down next to me . 
 everybody was silent . 
 i talked to avril . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 avril asked her for me . 
 she nodded slowly , but said nothing . 
 `` it will tingle a little , '' avril said . 
 `` but do n't pull away . 
 once it starts it needs to finish . 
 got it ? '' 
 she nodded again and i took her hand in mine , gently , and moved it toward my face . 
 i paused and could see in her eyes that this was what she wanted . 
 i pulled her hand the rest of the way to me and opened to her as her palm pressed against my skin . 
 she gasped . 
 her hand trembled slightly against me as the connection was made and all of me poured into her and her into me . 
 she was a beautiful woman and everything about her was caring and kind . 
 she loved the animals more than herself and i could see it in her . 
 it made me feel sad for some of my darkness that i was giving her , but it could n't be helped . 
 she stared at me , her mouth open as she took small shallow breaths . 
 then it was over . 
 i spoke to her for the first time and she smiled so big , the brightness of it hurt my vision . 
 `` do you see now ? '' 
 i said to her . 
 `` oh yes , '' she said aloud . 
 `` that was the most beautiful thing i 've ever experienced . '' 
 `` you do n't have to speak out loud if you do n't want to . 
 i can see and hear what you 're thinking . 
 it takes getting used to . '' 
 `` you 're voice , '' she said . 
 she turned to joey . 
 `` his voice , you should hear it , joe . 
 it 's so deep and soft at the same time . '' 
 `` i 'll pass . '' 
 his lack of enthusiasm in the face of her wonder did little to bring her down . 
 she turned back to me . 
 `` your whole life is in me , '' she said . 
 `` i can see everything . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'm always with you now . 
 forever . '' 
 she was prodding around in my head , something that i had felt dozens of times with the connections i had but it still felt weird . 
 then her face changed and she looked away from me . 
 a frown creased her brow and i could see she was reliving the day at the zoo with fred and rebecca . 
 her hand went to her mouth and started to shake . 
 she turned back to me , a question in her eyes and i was having a hard time reading her . 
 then she started to cry and she stood up . 
 `` i have to go , '' she said . 
 `` susan ... '' i said in her head . 
 `` i could n't help it . '' 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 she grabbed her purse and headed for the door . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i ca n't stay here . '' 
 `` susan ! '' 
 joey said , jumping up . 
 she opened the door and ran from the house , her steps loud on the porch and the ground thumping softly as she ran to her car . 
 the dogs barked . 
 `` what the hell did you do to her ? '' 
 joey yelled at me . 
 mom took a large swallow of her drink and stared at the closed door . 
 `` she saw what happened at the zoo , '' she said , matter-of-factly . 
 she turned to me . 
 `` she freaked out . 
 i saw it in her head . 
 she could n't handle that violent vision of him when all she 's known is his sweet side . '' 
 `` i 'm going after her , '' joey said , grabbing his keys . 
 `` she probably just needs time , '' mom said . 
 `` let her be . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not going to let this weirdo family scare her away . 
 i knew she should n't have done this . 
 i knew it . '' 
 he slammed the door as he left and mom and avril stared at each other for a moment . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said . 
 `` i should have known . '' 
 avril put her arms around me . 
 `` she 'll be all right , '' she said . 
 `` give her time for it to sink in . 
 she 'll see like i did that it was what needed to happen . '' 
 i was n't so sure . 
 chapter 3 maria i lay in my bed and manipulated things around the room . 
 i did this when i could n't sleep or i needed to work something out in my mind . 
 the day had been a long one and so many things happened in one twelve hour period , my head was still spinning and would n't shut down . 
 concentrating my thoughts on each little trinket or object , i could levitate each around the room and elevate my thoughts to things that made sense . 
 it was a game . 
 an exercise that helped me focus and it also strengthened my power and control . 
 as i held an empty trash can , the football , a textbook from school and my desk chair in the air , maria and her grief surfaced and i felt sadness at what would become of her if the board refused to help . 
 the objects floated around the room , gaining momentum as maria 's situation seemed more hopeless by the minute . 
 i remembered avril 's dream on the bus and sat up . 
 the stuff crashed to the floor as i lost my concentration , but i ignored it and wondered if her dream was the future or just what it seemed ; a vision in her sleep , a dream that had surfaced from her deepest psyche only to fulfill wishful thinking . 
 but if it was a glimpse at the future , then i had a part and it was important that i play it out . 
 we did n't have much time and it felt as if i needed to know that answer now . 
 i slipped my shoes on and tiptoed downstairs . 
 mom was crashed out on the couch , drunk and snoring , and joey sat in his chair , watching tv . 
 he saw me and i nodded to him . 
 no . 
 he could n't read my mind , but he did have a feeling for what i was doing and he watched me open the door , but did not stop me . 
 he turned back to the tv as if to give me permission to go . 
 i slipped out into the night where sadie waited . 
 she felt what i was feeling and walked with me to avril 's . 
 i was glad to have her company . 
 it was dark and quiet on the streets this late and she made me feel safe . 
 outside of avril 's house , i could sense her sleeping . 
 her mind was wandering in the in-between we all experience as sleep overtakes us and the real world leaves us for the night . 
 i could see her dreaming of me . 
 in the dream we were sitting on the fallen tree over the creek . 
 we held hands and the sunlight played in the water , the soothing sound surrounding us as our little hideaway sheltered us from the real world . 
 we were older . 
 i could tell because her hair was different and my hands were bigger . 
 she was more beautiful than i had ever seen her and the color around her brighter than the day . 
 then i noticed her belly . 
 it was rounded and full and the shock of seeing her pregnant shook my mind and made me proud all at the same time . 
 it was a strange feeling . 
 one of fear at her condition and one of wonder . 
 she stirred in the dream and it shifted to school . 
 we were walking down the hallway to class , the kids ignoring us or just used to us being together , and i wore a letter jacket with a varsity football patch on the lapel . 
 tuck was with us too and he wore the same jacket and walked with a girl i did not know . 
 they held hands and laughed at something i could n't hear . 
 avril felt me then , in that place between dreams and sleep , she realized i was there and came fully awake . 
 i felt sorry for waking her and a little surreal now that her dreams of us had stopped so suddenly . 
 `` linc ? '' 
 she asked in my head . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 can you come down ? '' 
 `` i 'll be right there . '' 
 she dressed and snuck out the side door rushing to me and throwing her arms around me . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i love you , but it 's pretty jarring to find you in my head in my room so late at night . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i had to see you . 
 i could n't sleep . '' 
 she stared at me , searching my head , and saw what was there . 
 she put her hand to my head and stroked the hair at the back of my neck . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here . 
 i 'm worried about her too . 
 i do n't remember the dream on the bus though . 
 if it 's showing me the future , why would n't i remember ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i was hoping we could figure it out . '' 
 she led me to the swing in her backyard and we sat next to each other . 
 it was a little cool , so i held her close . 
 sadie sat quietly by us and waited . 
 `` you were having a dream , '' i said . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i know . 
 you saw ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 she put her lips close to my ear and spoke in her voice . 
 even though communicating without speaking was quicker and easier , i still loved to hear her voice and she knew that . 
 `` i was going to have a baby . '' 
 `` i saw . '' 
 i moved my hand to her belly and let it rest there though she was n't pregnant . 
 the memory of her dream made it feel like she could be though and i was n't as scared as i thought at first . 
 `` i 'm not afraid , '' she said , turning my face to hers . 
 `` does it mean it 's going to happen ? '' 
 `` i think so . 
 i feel like it is . 
 just not yet . '' 
 `` we 're so young . '' 
 `` i was older and so were you . 
 i do n't know how old . '' 
 `` it 's probably just a dream , '' i said . 
 she smiled at me . 
 `` but a pretty awesome one . 
 i was so happy . '' 
 `` what about maria ? 
 was that just a dream or are we destined to live it out ? '' 
 she looked confused and i could see her trying to remember it . 
 all she saw was what i had in my head and it crossed the line between being her memory and mine and she was struggling trying to separate the two . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she looked back up at me , her face very intense . 
 `` but i would do it for her . 
 i would do anything for her . 
 she 's so sad . '' 
 `` then what 's the difference if it 's a sign of the future or we make it our future ? '' 
 `` i guess there really is no difference . '' 
 our minds were made up then . 
 just like that . 
 that was the difference in our relationship , we instantly knew what the other felt and though we talked it out sometimes , we really did n't have to say a thing . 
 i knew what she felt and she knew what i felt . 
 `` tomorrow i 'll go back to the zoo and talk with susan . 
 she needs to see . '' 
 `` rebecca ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'll go with you . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm always better when you 're there to guide me . '' 
 `` you just ca n't stand to be away from me , '' she said , smiling . 
 `` well , there 's that too . '' 
 she pulled me in close and i held her tight , wanting to feel every part of her against me , every curve and soft angle fit so perfectly into me . 
 i could hold her like that all night and never sleep a wink . 
 she pulled away slowly and then kissed my face gently , her lips warm and soft on my skin . 
 i accepted what i was most of the time and she did all the time , but i wished i had a mouth and lips , just to feel hers against mine for a moment . 
 just one moment . 
 she sensed this from me and put her hand to my face as well . 
 `` i love you . 
 it does n't matter . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i just ... '' `` it does n't matter . '' 
 she kissed me once more and then it was time for her to go . 
 i did n't want her to get in trouble . 
 we walked back to the side door and then lights shone from down the street and she froze . 
 `` it 's bret , '' she said . 
 i do n't know how she knew , but i believed her . 
 she moved quickly to a bush and pulled me down next to her , hidden . 
 i called to sadie and she came to us , sitting next to me . 
 she whined in her throat and i told her she needed to be still and quiet . 
 she understood . 
 bret 's car pulled in to the driveway right next to us and he shut the engine off . 
 then he just sat in there , unmoving . 
 `` what 's he doing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she was frightened and i could feel it radiating out from her . 
 her aura was dim and contracted . 
 we waited and he finally got out of the car . 
 he staggered a bit and i could see he was drunk . 
 then a bottle fell from his hands and broke at his feet . 
 he cursed . 
 avril grabbed my hand and held it tight in hers , trembling slightly . 
 `` he does n't see us , '' i said . 
 `` it will be all right . '' 
 bret went to his trunk and opened the lid . 
 he looked around , as if assuring that no one was watching and he pulled a shovel and axe out of the trunk and shut the lid quietly . 
 staggering past us , he went to the shed and pulled the door open , disappearing inside . 
 he came out a few minutes later and seemed to stare directly at us behind the bushes . 
 avril held her breath . 
 i squeezed her hand tighter . 
 i could see it now too . 
 there was some dark stain on his clothes and with me being only able to see shades of gray i could not tell what it was . 
 avril could , though , and it was dark red . 
 blood . 
 he walked thickly directly toward us and went to the side door , fumbling for his key . 
 he dropped it on the ground and bent to it . 
 he was right next to us and the blood was splattered over more of his clothes than i originally thought . 
 he seemed covered in it . 
 he found the key and slipped it into the lock after a few tries , but the door was already unlocked and when he discovered this , he paused and looked around . 
 `` he knows i 'm out here , '' she said in my head . 
 `` he ca n't . 
 he 's too drunk . '' 
 he turned and scanned the yard and finding nothing he opened the door and went inside . 
 we heard the bolt slide into place and he moved away deeper into the house . 
 she looked at me in the dark . 
 `` oh crap . 
 now what ? '' 
 i grinned at her inside and she saw it on my ghost face . 
 `` you can do that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i think so . 
 we 'll give him a minute to settle in and i 'll try . '' 
 she moved inside my arms and i held her while we waited . 
 `` so much blood , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm scared . 
 he 's capable of anything . 
 what has he done ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's easy to imagine the worst , but we do n't know . 
 it could be paint . '' 
 `` you do n't know him , linc . '' 
 `` true . 
 show me . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she shut down inside then , and it bothered me that she could n't trust me . 
 she read my mind and sighed . 
 `` i do trust you . 
 i 'm not ready for you to know , yet . 
 you 're not ready . '' 
 `` i wo n't let him hurt you , '' i said . 
 `` that 's why you 're not ready . 
 he 's my brother . '' 
 `` i want you to feel safe in your own house . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 she was n't . 
 and she knew that i knew she was n't , but she still would n't let me see . 
 `` just hold me and let it go for now . 
 please . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i let it go , but before it went i saw a vision in her head that she could n't hide . 
 her face streaked with tears and covered in a fear so deep it left me cold . 
 then it was gone . 
 whatever he had done changed her and a little of the brightness she gave to this world dimmed . 
 i was afraid . 
 afraid of what it would become in her . 
 `` i think it 's safe now , '' she said and i stood with her . 
 we went to the door and tried it and sure enough it was locked . 
 i put my hand to the mechanism and let it happen . 
 i could see inside of it . 
 the tumblers and lifts all lined up in a row and then what needed to move moved . 
 i saw in my mind the little pieces of metal slipping into place and the bolt turn in its housing . 
 avril heard it and grinned at me . 
 `` that was awesome . '' 
 `` i learn new stuff about myself every day . '' 
 she hugged me and pushed the door open . 
 i waved and she did too and then she was gone . 
 i stood outside the door for a moment longer , feeling her move through the house safely to her room and then sadie and i went home . 
 * * * we rode with joey to the zoo the next morning , avril crammed up next to me in his truck . 
 his tools rattled around in the back seat as his truck seemed to find every crack , every pothole , along the short ride to the north side of jacksonville . 
 tuck had stayed home . 
 he was n't feeling well . 
 joey was still angry at me and he kept silent for most of the drive . 
 susan would n't answer his calls and when he went to her house she would n't even answer the door . 
 he was worried i had ruined her . 
 so avril and i spent the drive talking about her being pregnant in the future and she imagined all of those things a girl her age would imagine about being a mom and having a living doll to spend all of her time with . 
 it was a fantasy , we knew , but we could n't keep it out of our heads . 
 `` what about what you said last night ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` about us making these visions our future whether they 're meant to be or not ? '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 her face darkened and she smiled big . 
 she reached for my hand and squeezed it tight . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not yet , '' she said , looking quick at joey , though we both knew he could n't hear us . 
 `` later , when we 're older . 
 you know . '' 
 i did know . 
 `` do you think of me that way sometimes ? '' 
 she asked , her shyness coming through , but not enough to keep her from asking . 
 `` yes . 
 all the time . '' 
 she leaned in and put her lips close to my ear . 
 she knew how to drive me crazy even so young . 
 `` i do too , '' she whispered . 
 `` i love you . 
 i ca n't help it . '' 
 `` i love you too . 
 more than you could ever imagine . '' 
 she smiled and leaned her head on my shoulder , holding on to my arm . 
 joey glanced briefly at us and then his eyes went back to the road . 
 the truck bumped over another rut in the road and avril giggled . 
 `` you two are talking about me , are n't you ? '' 
 joey said . 
 `` no , '' avril said , smiling and looking at me . 
 `` we 're talking about our future . '' 
 joey glanced our way again and shook his head . 
 `` you 're too young to be talking about a future . 
 do n't even start . '' 
 `` we 're different , '' avril said . 
 `` it 's like we 're meant to be . '' 
 `` everybody feels that way when it 's new , '' joey said . 
 `` you 're too young . 
 just trust me on this one . '' 
 `` we are young . 
 but i know him . 
 more than anyone could know a person , and i still love him . 
 that will never change . '' 
 `` people change . 
 it just happens . 
 save yourself some heartache and just know that it will happen . '' 
 avril was n't going to be deterred . 
 `` we 're different . 
 and i can see our future . 
 we 're together , even as we get older . '' 
 `` you 're a fortune teller , huh ? 
 i did n't know that about you . '' 
 now , he was being sarcastic and it was starting to piss me off . 
 avril saw this and squeezed my hand . 
 `` believe me or not , '' she said . 
 `` i know what i know . 
 and nothing can change that . '' 
 joey turned to her and stared for a moment . 
 then he shrugged . 
 `` do n't say i did n't warn you . '' 
 we parked and headed for the entrance . 
 susan would normally get us in free , but since she was n't answering joey 's calls we were going to have to pay to get in . 
 this seemed to piss joey off more than her not answering the phone and he grumbled at the ticket agent the whole time as if she should know who he was and let us in anyway . 
 we headed straight for the elephant paddock and found susan in with the elephants , cleaning up hay and debris with a shovel and broom . 
 she felt me in her head at the same time as reggie did and she looked up as he trumpeted next to her . 
 tammy and reggie came immediately to the fence and waited for me . 
 susan did not . 
 `` come on , susie , '' joey called to her . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 `` i ca n't right now , i 'm busy , '' she said and went back to her work . 
 joey sighed and then watched , surprised , as reggie put his trunk through the fence for avril to touch . 
 she rubbed and scratched him and he caressed her face and hair as she laughed . 
 susan paused and turned toward me when reggie spoke in her head . 
 he wanted a pumpkin . 
 `` was that ... ? '' 
 susan asked in my head from where she stood . 
 `` yes . 
 reggie is talking to you . 
 he can sense you now that i 'm here and knows what he wants . '' 
 a ghost of a smile touched her lips and she dropped her shovel and came over . 
 her mind was a mix of emotions ; fear , anger , sadness , wonder , and excitement . 
 i did n't blame her . 
 i just needed to show her what she needed to see . 
 `` you want a pumpkin , big boy ? 
 is that what you want ? '' 
 susan asked , rubbing his shoulder up high and smiling up at him . 
 he grunted and pulled his trunk inside the pen and took her hat off with it . 
 tammy wanted one too and she saw this instantly . 
 `` two pumpkins coming right up , '' susan said and went to her little storage area off from the main pen . 
 tammy and reggie followed . 
 she gave them each their own and they crunched on them loudly as she listened to their simple thoughts . 
 finally susan looked up at me and said , `` thank you . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , '' i said . 
 `` but i need to show you something . 
 you need to see . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i -- i 'm just afraid . '' 
 `` i understand if you 're afraid of me . 
 joey and avril will be there too . 
 it 's important . '' 
 she rubbed tammy 's trunk once more and then went over , picked up her shovel and put it away . 
 she came out to us through a gate you could hardly see and took joey 's hand in hers . 
 `` let 's go see her , '' she said . 
 we walked in silence to the chimpanzee enclosure and they gave us their usual greeting . 
 rebecca sat on the other side of the glass and put her hand to it . 
 susan went to her and sat on the ground in front of her and cried . 
 rebecca 's quiet nature and intelligent mind let susan see and feel everything she felt . 
 the loss , grief , despair and even the blinding fury she had felt when fred was thrown over the fence to them . 
 susan turned to me with tears in her eyes and nodded to me once . 
 she understood , and though a small bit of the fear remained , she forgave me . 
 i could see joey react to his girlfriend 's emotions , his face softening and holding a bit of curiosity that i 'd never seen before . 
 avril saw it too . 
 `` you can see what she 's seeing , '' avril said to him . 
 `` linc says he 's always right here if you want . '' 
 joey looked at me and i thought for a second he would do it , then his color shifted and it was gone . 
 `` no . 
 susan will tell me what she wants me to know . 
 let her have her private moment and if she wants to share , i 'll be here . '' 
 he went and sat on a bench close by and waited . 
 susan got up and went to him . 
 avril and i took each other 's hands and left them there to have some privacy . 
 they would catch up to us later . 
 `` you 've never shared with me what you feel when you see my bad side come through , '' i said . 
 `` i know it frightened you at one point . '' 
 she was quiet for a second as we walked . 
 `` it 's hard to see you like that . 
 i know it 's you , but then again , it feels like it 's not too . 
 does that make sense ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 it does . 
 because it feels like that to me too . '' 
 she smiled then and turned to me . 
 `` but i know the real you . 
 and nothing can scare me away from that . '' 
 `` what if i had a face like frankenstein 's monster , '' i joked . 
 `` but you do n't , so you ca n't even suggest it . 
 as a matter of fact , i only see your aura now . 
 i do n't even really see the blankness . '' 
 `` what is my aura doing now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she started to laugh . 
 `` you 're making a kissy face . 
 fish lips and all . '' 
 i was amazed . 
 i did n't really know it would do that . 
 `` you mean you can see my emotions on my aura 's face and it matches what i 'm thinking physically ? '' 
 `` oh yeah . 
 you did n't know that ? '' 
 `` i 've only seen it once . 
 when i touched you in class . '' 
 `` do you want to see again ? '' 
 i nodded and we stopped in the middle of the path and she faced me . 
 i put my fingertips to her face and she closed her eyes . 
 i sent a bit of me to her and she smiled . 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 she opened her eyes . 
 `` i can feel the love from you flowing into me . 
 it 's the most amazing feeling . '' 
 i saw myself through her and then i smiled . 
 it was like looking into a mirror , only she was right . 
 the blankness behind the aura was hard to see . 
 `` i want you to show me this every day of our lives , '' she said . 
 `` instead of telling me you love me , show me . 
 it means so much more . '' 
 `` i can do that , '' i said . 
 `` promise ? '' 
 she moved closer and put her arms around me . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 we stood like that in the path for a few minutes and when we separated , she was crying . 
 `` i did n't mean to make you cry , '' i said , brushing the tears from her face . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm just so happy . 
 i ca n't help it . '' 
 we walked in silence for a minute , her hand in mine and that shimmering all around her . 
 my angel , glowing even in the sunlight . 
 she smiled at that thought in my head . 
 `` your angel , huh ? '' 
 `` you are . 
 i could n't survive without you . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 'd find a way . '' 
 `` i do n't want to try . '' 
 `` i do n't either . '' 
 she laughed and then pulled my hand as she ran . 
 `` come on . 
 i want to see timbor . '' 
 i ran with her , her hair blowing back in the wind as she led me , little speckles of pink flowing behind her like glitter . 
 she was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen and she continued to amaze me every day . 
 timbor was sitting up at the glass as we ran up and he looked so much better . 
 he yawned at us and called to his mate . 
 she sauntered over , stretching from her sun bath and sat next to him , staring at us both . 
 `` he 's better , '' avril said . 
 `` i think you saved him . '' 
 `` i do n't know about that . 
 he probably would have gotten better on his own . '' 
 `` no he would n't have , '' susan said as she and joey walked up . 
 `` that plant had a nasty toxicity to it and it 's been removed now so he wo n't eat it again . '' 
 `` see , '' avril said . 
 `` you 're like a hero . '' 
 timbor roared and many of the other animals in the zoo answered with their own calls . 
 it was impressive . 
 you could feel his voice deep inside you ; a deep basso rumbling that made you feel strong and weak all at once . 
 `` i want to see maria , '' i said to susan . 
 `` i need to talk with her . '' 
 susan 's face changed . 
 `` she 's very sick , linc . '' 
 `` how bad ? '' 
 `` she just sits in one spot and only comes up to breathe . 
 and when she does , the noise is raspy , like she 's congested . '' 
 `` we need to hurry , '' i said . 
 `` take me . '' 
 we went in through the back gate , joey looking all around at the high hedges and then the small pens and the big tank at the center . 
 dr. eva was there in the water , holding maria up . 
 she was so weak and her aura was that slate gray color . 
 avril stopped and put her hand to her mouth . 
 `` we 're too late . 
 oh , linc . 
 her color . '' 
 i squeezed her hand and went to the tank . 
 dr. eva looked up and shook her head . 
 `` i have to hold her up so she can breathe . 
 we 're losing her . '' 
 i climbed the steps and got into the tank . 
 dr. eva started to protest , but then thought better of it . 
 i was already in and there was nothing she could do about it . 
 i went to maria and put my hands to her body . 
 her thoughts were so disjointed , almost delirious , and at first she did n't know me . 
 then she remembered and hope sparked in her mind . 
 i lied to her then . 
 not that i did it consciously . 
 i just told her what i knew she wanted to hear and i would deal with keeping that promise later . 
 i told her we had found her mate and that she would be with him soon . 
 to just hold on . 
 eat and get healthy . 
 he could n't wait to see her . 
 her color went from that slate gray to a bit of blue and it reminded me of myself . 
 a deep blue like the ocean and her sadness melted away . 
 i pulled a fish from the bucket next to us and held it to her snout . 
 she opened and took it in , swallowing it whole . 
 dr. eva 's face registered shock and then a smile as she hugged maria to her . 
 avril and susan were both crying and susan said , `` she 'll eat now . 
 she says she 'll get better for him . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 dr. eva asked . 
 `` what we should have done all along . 
 promise her that she would be reunited with her mate . '' 
 `` but ... `` and i intend to keep that promise , '' susan said . 
 `` no matter what . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i can do that , '' dr. eva said . 
 i reached my hand out and put my fingers on her face . 
 she flinched away and then turned to me . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` let him , '' susan said . 
 `` let him and you 'll see . '' 
 she held still as i pressed my fingertips to her and gave her what she needed . 
 she saw and tears rolled down her face as she wept . 
 hard . 
 the images of maria and her mate were very strong and the freedom that they had shared and then lost was a burden she had helped to create . 
 i knew in my heart that dr. eva would never feel the same about her work or who she worked for again . 
 her life would be forever changed and maybe that was a good thing . 
 i let her have her mind back and she whispered to me , `` thank you . 
 i never knew . '' 
 i nodded and stroked maria 's back and told avril to tell her she could let her go . 
 `` linc says you can let her go now , dr. eva . 
 she 'll swim on her own . '' 
 dr. eva released her grip slowly , as if she did n't ever want to let her go and maria moved away , swimming in a slow circle around the tank . 
 she gave maria more fish and she ate every one , coming to the surface to click and whistle to us , the joy in maria 's heart a thing we could all see and feel . 
 even joey . 
 just in his own way . 
 dr. eva climbed from the tank and toweled off , handing me a towel and we joined everyone outside the tank . 
 i motioned for all of us to move out of range of maria and we went to the other end of the sick bay and talked . 
 `` i 've found her mate , '' dr. eva said right off . 
 `` he 's still at st. augustine , but they are planning on moving him in the next few days . '' 
 `` we have to stop them , '' susan said . 
 `` that 's easier said than done , '' dr. eva said . 
 `` there are things going on in the background that we ca n't control . '' 
 `` what did the board say ? '' 
 avril asked for me . 
 `` they wo n't support another dolphin . 
 not here . 
 they 're willing to let her move , but we do n't have the funds to build a tank big enough to hold more dolphins . 
 the ones that are housed here already are overcrowded as it is . '' 
 i showed susan what i wanted to do and she frowned . 
 `` there 's no way , linc . 
 we could get into big trouble for that . 
 even go to jail . '' 
 `` nobody would know , '' avril said , quietly . 
 `` just what the hell are you people talking about doing ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 susan told him . 
 `` no way . 
 i 'm not going to jail so you guys can get two dolphin lovers together . 
 no way . '' 
 `` i agree , '' dr. eva said . 
 `` i 'd be risking my credentials and everything i 've worked for in my life . '' 
 `` but you 'd still have your life , '' avril said . 
 `` but not my freedom . 
 i 'd be caged like they are . 
 and so would you . 
 it 's crazy . '' 
 `` then you better convince the board to set them free , '' susan said . 
 `` i 'll do my best . '' 
 `` linc will come if it will help , '' avril said . 
 `` i do n't think it will . '' 
 `` if you need him , he 'll be there . '' 
 dr. eva nodded . 
 she left to change in to dry clothes and we all went back to say goodbye to maria . 
 she splashed with her flipper , a little energy back in her spirit and we went home to wait . 
 it was all up to the board . 
 * * * two days later , the board made their decision . 
 maria and her mate would not be set free . 
 our hearts sank and susan spent that evening crying in joey 's arms at our house . 
 avril held me tight and would n't let go . 
 i was angry . 
 the stupid board members did n't seem to care that they condemned a beautiful creature to an agonizing and grief stricken death , and then probably went out to dinner at some expensive restaurant to celebrate how they had made a tough decision that was in everyone 's best interest . 
 especially theirs . 
 dr. eva called susan to talk with her , but the conversation did n't last long with both women breaking down and promising to keep fighting . 
 maria needed to be kept in the dark until we tried everything that we could . 
 after dinner , joey was reading the paper and he looked up at us all . 
 `` these dolphins keep popping up everywhere , '' he said . 
 `` is n't it always like that ? 
 you get involved in one thing and then it seems like the whole world is revolving around that one thing . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 susan asked . 
 `` five dolphins washed up on the beach today , '' he read . 
 `` they all died . '' 
 i sat up . 
 `` what kind of dolphins ? '' 
 i typed . 
 `` uh ... '' he scanned the story . 
 `` bottlenose . '' 
 `` just like maria , '' avril said , seeing what i was thinking . 
 susan saw it too and that look of wonder came across her face . 
 `` linc , '' she said . 
 `` it wo n't work . 
 do n't go there . '' 
 `` we have to try . '' 
 `` we 'll get caught . '' 
 `` no we wo n't . '' 
 she chewed on her thumbnail , her face a mix of sorrow and pain . 
 `` dr. eva wo n't go for it . '' 
 `` she might . 
 we 'll do it without her then . '' 
 `` we have to , '' avril said . 
 `` it 's the only way . '' 
 `` you people are talking in your heads , are n't you ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 susan smiled as she nodded . 
 `` it 's about that damn dolphin , is n't it ? '' 
 susan nodded again and a tear trickled down her cheek . 
 `` it 's going to involve me , is n't it ? '' 
 he asked , guessing at what we were all thinking . 
 susan nodded her head slowly and told him . 
 `` aw shit , '' joey said , putting the paper down and scowling . 
 susan 's eyes gave her away and he stared at her , his aura holding strong and bright . 
 it never flickered once . 
 `` dammit . 
 i guess i 'm going to jail . '' 
 she hugged him and avril smiled at me . 
 i just hoped it would all work . 
 chapter 4 give me liberty tuck banged on the door the next morning and when i answered he said , `` you guys are up to something , are n't you ? '' 
 `` how 'd you know ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i just did . 
 you do know you 've made me some kind of telepathic freak now with your powers and all , right ? '' 
 he waggled his fingers like he was casting a spell or something . 
 i laughed inside and he grinned . 
 `` but you 're a cool freak . '' 
 `` i can live with that . 
 tell me what 's happening . '' 
 so i told him , or he saw it in my head . 
 `` i 'm in , '' he said . 
 `` you 're in . '' 
 it took a day to coordinate everything and do a little investigating . 
 joey took a sick day and spent it driving around scouting out places and buildings . 
 avril and i went with him . 
 tuck stayed home and spent some time on the phone , while susan went to work and did some advance stuff on her end . 
 it would all go down tonight and with any luck , maria and her mate would be reunited . 
 we decided to keep dr. eva in the dark . 
 no use in risking her career or her reputation on something like this . 
 she would just be another unsuspecting player in our little plan and maybe she would come out of this without a blemish . 
 i hoped we all would . 
 the rest of the day passed slowly , the clock ticking at a pace that seemed as if frozen in time and we tried to do things to keep our minds off what was coming , but it was impossible . 
 avril remained the most upbeat , her vision of the outcome was something she trusted and she knew in her heart that it would all work . 
 joey and i , on the other hand , were more realistic and doubts kept creeping into my head as the plan seemed more full of holes as midnight approached . 
 we just had n't had enough time and we would have to deal with whatever happened . 
 midnight came and with it an excitement and nervousness that all were feeling . 
 susan and tuck would ride in the bed of joey 's truck while avril and i rode in the cab with joey . 
 first stop , the florida board of nature , a single story building not too far from the zoo that housed research facilities and coordinated efforts in the study of wildlife and natural occurrences in the state of florida . 
 the dead dolphins that had washed up on the beach were being kept there until the georgia aquarium came and picked them up for study . 
 we had scouted out the place earlier in the day and determined that the back entrance would be the best place to get in . 
 it was hidden from the main street and no security guards or alarm system was in place , just a locked door . 
 and i knew how to get past that . 
 joey pulled the truck around to the back , parked with the truck bed close to the door and killed the engine . 
 we all sat in silence for a moment , looking at each other . 
 finally tuck said from behind , `` we doing this or what ? '' 
 `` no turning back now , '' joey said , and grinned . 
 avril touched his arm . 
 `` it 's going to be all right . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 susan and tuck climbed out of the truck and we gathered at the door while i worked the lock . 
 i could n't get it open . 
 `` i thought you said you could do this ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 `` this lock is different . 
 it does n't have tumblers . 
 it 's weird and i do n't know how to make it work . '' 
 joey sighed and grabbed a cinder block that was sitting on the walkway . 
 it was probably used as a door stop . 
 he raised it high and before we could protest , he slammed it down on the door handle and it snapped off . 
 the door opened slowly on quiet hinges . 
 too bad the cinder block had n't been quiet . 
 a dog barked a few houses down . 
 `` well , that worked , '' tuck said . 
 we slipped inside . 
 joey turned on the flashlight and we made our way down a long hallway that had numerous doors leading off of it . 
 we checked each one , but could not find the dolphins . 
 some of the rooms had lab equipment and chemicals and one room had an incinerator that susan claimed was used for cremation of animal remains . 
 it was still warm to the touch and joey looked at us all like this was going to be a bust before it even started . 
 `` i 'm going to jail for breaking and entering , and we 're not even going to find any dolphins in here , '' joey said . 
 `` they 're here , '' tuck said . 
 `` i know it . 
 we just have to find them . '' 
 the hallway bent left and we followed it to an intersection with another hallway . 
 we looked left and right trying to determine which way . 
 susan pointed right and we obliged . 
 we came out into a main reception area and stopped dead in our tracks . 
 a television was on and a man sat in front of it with his back to us . 
 `` oh shit , '' susan said in our heads . 
 `` i thought you guys said there were no guards . '' 
 `` there are n't supposed to be , '' i said . 
 the man had n't moved and surprisingly had n't heard the door being broken into and then i saw why . 
 he had little earphones in his ears and i could now hear the tv blaring into them as some re-run played on the small set . 
 he was also asleep . 
 joey signaled to back up and we all crept back down the hall to the intersection . 
 `` we need to get the hell out of here , '' joey whispered . 
 `` no , '' avril said for me . 
 `` he 's out cold and if he did n't hear the cinder block , he wo n't hear us get what we need . 
 we ca n't back down now . '' 
 susan nodded and so did tuck . 
 joey threw up his hands , but did n't say anything else . 
 we moved as a group down the left side hallway and came to a single door at the end . 
 it opened into a big room with stainless steal tables and huge overhead lights that were currently dark . 
 it looked like a surgical wing in a hospital . 
 susan pushed past us all quickly and went to some small doors that were stacked at the back of the room . 
 just like a morgue . 
 she opened one and pulled out the metal tray that slid easily on quiet rollers . 
 a dolphin lay on its side on the tray . 
 seeing it here , in this place that was so foreign to all of us , we stood around it and felt a sadness we did n't know would surface . 
 tuck reached out his fingers and touched the skin , but jerked back when it felt so cold to his touch . 
 susan took a deep breath and whispered , `` let 's do this . '' 
 the dolphin was much heavier than we anticipated and it took all our strength to carry it to the truck . 
 and we needed two . 
 by the time the second dolphin was in the truck bed , it was 1:30 in the morning and we were exhausted . 
 the man in front of the tv had never budged . 
 maybe he was dead too . 
 susan and tuck were in the bed with the dead dolphins as joey maneuvered out of the back lot and we were off to the zoo . 
 the hard part was next . 
 there were three security guards during the night shift at the zoo , various animal keepers and the master zookeeper who lived on the property . 
 we would have to avoid them all and the plan we had was full of holes . 
 we needed some luck . 
 actually , a whole lot of luck . 
 susan told joey to pull the truck around to the back entrance and then they would take a small internal road to the sick bay . 
 a guard shack sat at the gate to the back entrance and joey pulled up . 
 susan 's leg work during the day paid off . 
 `` evening , susan , '' the guard said , smiling . 
 `` you 're running a little late . 
 these your overnight guests ? '' 
 `` yes , saul , '' susan said . 
 `` we had a problem with an uncooperative mother and we finally got it worked out . 
 sorry . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` no problem . 
 go on in and have a fun night . '' 
 joey started the truck and pulled through the gate as it was opened . 
 luck was on their side for the moment . 
 the guard had n't looked under the tarp . 
 he had n't even left the doorway of his little shack . 
 joey pulled around slowly to the sick bay loading dock and parked the truck . 
 the place was dark and quiet except for the animals in their pens . 
 they could sense something was going to happen and they grew restless . 
 i went to each pen and tried to soothe them and they all quieted after a bit . 
 some were pretty sick . 
 maria was circling in her tank and came to the edge excitedly clicking and chirping softly . 
 i told her to stay quiet and we would get her out soon . 
 we had to get the lift working first . 
 `` you know how to work this thing ? '' 
 joey asked susan as we gathered around a large hydraulic lift with a sling and cabling . 
 `` i think so . 
 i 've only used it once before . '' 
 joey shrugged and susan got the key , unlocking the machine . 
 it was electrically powered and had wheels that were driven by a silent motor . 
 she drove it the short distance to the tank and then lowered the sling into the water . 
 i got in the tank with maria and she pretty much maneuvered herself into the sling . 
 she 'd done this before . 
 so far , so good . 
 then the lift broke . 
 as susan operated the hydraulics to lift maria out , the motor made a whining noise and slowly came to a stop . 
 repeated attempts to make it move elicited only clicks from the motor . 
 the batteries were dead . 
 `` great , '' joey said . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 susan was close to tears . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 we 're so close . '' 
 maria squirmed in the sling and blew air out and then made some clicking noises . 
 she did n't understand what was wrong . 
 she just knew that something was n't right . 
 i soothed her , by rubbing her skin and she calmed down . 
 i told her we 'd figure out a way . 
 `` can we lift her ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 `` we lifted the other ones . '' 
 `` it will be too risky , '' susan said . 
 `` if she slips and falls , we could really hurt her . '' 
 `` we 'll have to try again another night , '' joey said . 
 `` after the batteries have been fully charged . '' 
 `` no . 
 we ca n't , '' susan said . 
 `` they 'll be suspicious of me bringing you guys back again . 
 this is hopeless . '' 
 she started to cry and joey went to her . 
 `` we gave it our best shot . 
 this was going to work , i know it . '' 
 `` but it did n't , '' susan said . 
 `` and now she 's lost . '' 
 maria could see it in our heads and the grief she had pushed away threatened to re-surface . 
 i felt just as frustrated as everyone else and then avril came up to me and reached out her hand . 
 i clasped it in mine and felt her smile at me . 
 then i saw it . 
 `` you see , '' she said . 
 `` it just popped into my head . 
 you see it do n't you ? '' 
 i did . 
 my angel had given us all the answer and i felt so stupid for not seeing it until now . 
 susan saw it too , at the same time as tuck and she almost shouted . 
 `` you can do that ? '' 
 `` i can do that , '' i said . 
 `` you guys are in your heads again , are n't you ? '' 
 joey asked and we all nodded . 
 i bent to maria and whispered in her mind and she clicked , excited and unafraid , and i let the energy build in my spine as i held my breath , letting it surge . 
 if i could see myself , i 'm sure i looked like some crazed magician or conjurer , my arms and hands extended out in front of me as i stood in water up to my chest , a dolphin in front of me and my friends holding their breath all around me . 
 the tingling grew to a vibration and then i could see the energy leave my fingertips . 
 it encircled maria . 
 i increased the strength and the water around her began to vibrate . 
 she slowly came up out of the sling and rose above my head , avril and susan laughing , and joey standing there with his mouth open . 
 maria came up out of the tank , a portion of the water that had been around her stayed with her because i had no idea how to separate it . 
 she was in her own little bubble of water and as i cleared the tank with her , a guard came into the area and stood in shock . 
 susan saw him and gasped , but i could not worry about that now . 
 i had to concentrate on keeping her elevated and work her over to the truck . 
 i was sweating , even in the water , and the effort it took worked the muscles in my back and shoulders like nothing i had ever felt before . 
 i got her to the truck and lowered her next to the other dolphins , setting her down gently . 
 i released the energy and the water that had covered her splashed down and soaked through joey 's truck bed . 
 she was in . 
 but we had more problems to deal with . 
 `` just what the hell are you people doing ? '' 
 the guard finally said . 
 no one answered . 
 * * * the guard walked over quickly and pointed to me in the water . 
 `` you , get out of there , now . '' 
 i climbed out of the tank as the guard pulled his walkie-talkie from his belt clip and raised it to his lips . 
 `` wait , '' susan said . 
 `` this is all a misunderstanding . '' 
 `` susan ? '' 
 the guard said , finally recognizing her . 
 `` chuck . 
 let me explain what is happening . '' 
 `` that 's a dolphin , '' chuck said , pointing to maria in the truck bed . 
 he glanced again and saw the two dead dolphins with her . 
 `` that 's three dolphins . 
 just what the hell is going on ? '' 
 `` it 's a research project dr. eva and i are conducting . '' 
 `` i was not informed of any project that allows you to load up dolphins in the back of a pickup truck in the middle of the night . '' 
 `` i know it looks strange , but if you 'll just give me a chance to explain . '' 
 `` sure , '' he said . 
 `` you can explain to the head zookeeper . '' 
 he put the walkie-talkie to his lips and i did the only thing i could have . 
 i stopped him . 
 he stared at me , my hand pointed to him as i pinned him in place and the fear in his eyes made me hesitate . 
 `` linc , '' susan said . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i climbed from the tank and went to him . 
 `` it 's the only way , '' i said . 
 `` i wo n't hurt him . '' 
 he could n't even speak as i held him frozen in place . 
 i stepped to him and put my fingertips to his face . 
 he quivered slightly as i sent him the energy , his eyes rolling up in his head and then i lowered him to the ground where he lay in a heap , out like a light . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 susan said , rushing to him . 
 `` i made him forget . '' 
 `` you can do that ? '' 
 `` i think so . 
 i mean i just did . 
 he 'll be out for a few hours and wake up not knowing how he got here . 
 he wo n't remember a thing . '' 
 `` that was like the vulcan mind meld , '' tuck said , smiling . 
 `` you should have seen yourself . '' 
 `` totally spock , '' joey said , grinning . 
 `` come on people . 
 we need to finish up here . '' 
 i took over and rolled the sling lift back into its place , the muscles in my back working , but nothing like the dolphin . 
 then i picked up one of the dead bottlenose and moved it to the tank where i lowered it into the water . 
 that caused my back muscles to scream in protest , but i was able to do it . 
 i was getting tired and hoped my energy would last for the rest of what needed to be done . 
 maria was grateful to have the dead dolphin next to her gone and though she was still freaked out about the other one in the truck bed with her , at least it was n't right next to her . 
 `` time to move , '' joey said . 
 `` get her covered up . 
 you 're on , susan . '' 
 she nodded as avril and i climbed into the truck cab and tuck and susan rode in the back again . 
 we still had to get out of there . 
 joey drove slowly down the little back road and approached the gate . 
 i was sweating and breathing hard , not sure what was going on with me , and avril pulled me in close . 
 the guard came out of his shack with his flashlight and shined it on susan . 
 `` everything all right , susan ? '' 
 `` we 're going to call it , saul . 
 one of the students is sick and we 're going to take him home . 
 i guess it just was n't meant to be . '' 
 saul shined the light in the cab and saw me . 
 i must have looked pretty rough , even for a guy with no face , and he nodded . 
 `` hope he gets better soon . 
 sorry it did n't end up like you wanted . '' 
 `` me too . 
 thanks anyway . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 he waved and lifted the gate . 
 joey drove through and saul flicked the flashlight off as we passed and then he glanced again at the bed and stopped . 
 he saw something he had n't seen before and tried to raise his hand but susan waved at him again and he waved back instead , unsure of what it was he saw . 
 we drove off and he went back into his shack . 
 joey sighed . 
 `` well , that went well . '' 
 `` i thought we got lucky , '' avril said , smiling . 
 `` it 's on our side . 
 see ? 
 i knew it would turn out all right . '' 
 `` the night is only half over , little lady . 
 i hope you can keep that luck coming . '' 
 `` oh , i will . '' 
 the pain in my back was getting worse and i felt cramps running up and down my spine . 
 i do n't know if i pulled something or this was deeper . 
 my arm was aching as well and i rubbed it with my other hand . 
 avril could see that i was hurting and she rubbed my back , easing up the tightness there . 
 `` that feels really good , '' i said . 
 `` you 're awesome . '' 
 `` can you make it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i have to . 
 she needs me . 
 i 'm the only one who can do this . '' 
 `` we can carry her . '' 
 `` you heard what susan said . 
 if you drop her , she could get really hurt . '' 
 `` you might drop her too , '' avril said and she was right . 
 i had n't thought of that . 
 `` we 'll just have to see . '' 
 susan and tuck kept maria sprayed down so she would n't dry out and she clicked and whistled periodically to show us that she was doing fine . 
 it was a bit of a drive to st. augustine , the wind blowing in the back and the night dark and moonless . 
 it was 3:00 a.m. and we still had a lot of work to do . 
 in st. augustine , we had a bit of a scare when a st. john 's county sheriff followed us for a while and then flashed its lights at us . 
 joey started to pull over , but it maneuvered around us and sped off . 
 susan knocked on the back window . 
 `` that was close . '' 
 joey nodded to her and put his hand out the window . 
 she reached around and held it for a second . 
 we were going to make it . 
 the st. augustine aquarium was an older structure with big pools to hold dolphins and killer whales outside , just a hundred or so yards from the ocean . 
 i do n't know if it was built there to torture the animals , a place where they could see , hear and smell the ocean , yet remained trapped forever , or if the thought had been it would make them feel at home . 
 whatever the reason , the place had grown old and worn out and was closing . 
 the only animal remaining was maria 's mate and he heard her when we pulled up next to the fence closest to his tank . 
 maria 's head was filled with joy at the sound of him calling her and she wiggled and squirmed as she whistled back . 
 susan laughed and rubbed her back , trying to keep her calm , telling her soothingly that she would be with him soon , but she needed to stay quiet . 
 the male we could not calm , and he leapt into the air repeatedly and called her over and over again . 
 no one seemed to be around , but we had n't had a chance to check yet . 
 the place looked deserted this late at night and the hope was that a guard or watchman was not present because they could n't afford to keep one . 
 `` you 're on , kid , '' joey said to me . 
 `` can you do it ? '' 
 i nodded and stepped from the truck . 
 i walked to the back where joey lowered the gate and susan pulled the tarp from maria 's back . 
 i talked to her , calming her down and showing her what was going to happen and she flapped her tail in excitement . 
 she could n't wait . 
 they all watched in silence as i picked her up , a soft glowing of energy all around her , and ` carried ' her down to the beach . 
 she clicked and called loudly as the surf grew closer and i struggled to keep her in the air . 
 my back was screaming and i still had two more trips to make . 
 i lowered her to the water and released her , bending at the waist and putting my hands to my knees . 
 avril came up to me and held me as maria splashed and sang in the water . 
 she did a fast dash to deeper water and then came back in , splashing and frolicking in the surf . 
 she was so happy . 
 avril hugged me and we all walked back up to the aquarium while maria waited . 
 `` i hope i can do this , '' i said . 
 `` we 're here , '' susan said . 
 `` if we have to , we can carry him . '' 
 the male did n't know what was going to happen and i hoped he would be able to stay calm as i lifted him . 
 a lot of water came up with him , and i could n't control it as well . 
 he struggled at first as i brought him over the fence , but then settled down as he saw us all . 
 he was a big boy and the muscles in my back and ribs felt on fire . 
 i walked him down , stumbling once , but not dropping him and we made it to the surf . 
 maria splashed and whistled as i lowered him to her and when he was finally in the water , i witnessed the most amazing thing ever . 
 maria went to him and met him in the surf . 
 the joy in her heart was something i could feel and the two swam side by side , rubbing and touching each other . 
 the male leapt from the water and maria followed , the sounds of the reunion echoing along the beach , but the only ones to hear were my little gang of renegades . 
 i saw everyone had tears in their eyes . 
 even joey . 
 maria called to us one more time , the gratitude in her mind a thing i will never forget . 
 then they turned and headed deeper , my awareness of her happiness fading as the distance grew , a feeling of slipping away , like that day when i left avril for the first time . 
 we all stood for a minute longer , and then we headed back up the beach . 
 we had one more task to perform and then we could call it a success . 
 they all pulled the second dead dolphin from the truck and put it at the base of the fence , giving me as little distance as possible to move him . 
 i was exhausted and i did n't know if i could find the strength , but i somehow did and picked him up . 
 he scraped along the top of the fence as i struggled , the veins popping out in my neck and my back spasming , trying to reject what i was forcing it to do . 
 i dropped him at the last , just on the edge of the pool and stood panting as i leaned on the fence . 
 `` he 'll be all right there , '' avril said . 
 `` they 'll think he jumped out . '' 
 `` no . 
 i can do this . 
 just give me a sec . '' 
 she squeezed my hand and stepped back . 
 i sent everything i had left toward him and pushed the carcass over the lip and into the water where it floated up to the surface and bobbed on its side . 
 i collapsed to the ground and did n't know if i could stand . 
 joey came over and picked me up , carrying me to the truck , and we all got in . 
 i slept in avril 's arms on the way home and dreamt of freedom . 
 we all did that night , and liberty had never felt so good . 
 * * * i stayed in bed for three days . 
 the muscle spasms in my back finally stopped after two , but i could still hardly move by the third day . 
 avril came over every morning and we played board games or watched tv . 
 she read to me too and i never wanted her to stop . 
 i loved the sound of her voice . 
 i would let her read to me without end . 
 mom hovered over me the first day , but when she realized i would be okay , she went back to work with the explicit instructions that i stay in bed and have avril wait on me . 
 how could i complain ? 
 the dolphins were discovered the next morning , floating as we had left them in their tanks . 
 dr. eva approached susan later in the day , setting a cup of coffee in front of her at the table where she was eating , and asked if she could join her . 
 susan smiled and said , `` sure . '' 
 dr. eva sipped her own coffee for a moment , eyeing susan over the rim and then set it down in front of her . 
 `` pretty sad about maria , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm very upset that i could n't save her . '' 
 `` i 'm heartbroken , '' susan said . 
 `` i really felt like she had been doing better . 
 she was eating , swimming , playing , all those things a normal dolphin would do . '' 
 `` i know . 
 it 's hard to believe . '' 
 dr. eva continued to stare at susan . 
 `` did you hear that her mate at the st. augustine aquarium was found dead this morning too ? '' 
 susan feigned shock and then sipped her new coffee . 
 `` no . 
 i did n't . 
 that is so strange . 
 maybe they really had a connection . 
 it 's sad . 
 so sad . '' 
 `` very unusual , '' dr. eva said . 
 she leaned in closer . 
 `` you know , i found a mark on maria 's skin that i never noticed before . 
 a scar that was old and had healed over many years ago . 
 i found that pretty remarkable . '' 
 susan swallowed and blinked at her , but said nothing . 
 `` the georgia aquarium came to pick up the dead dolphins from the florida board of nature . 
 the ones that washed up on our beach . 
 know what they found ? '' 
 susan shook her head . 
 `` two of them were missing . '' 
 susan stared , but stayed silent . 
 `` and i always thought maria was a female , '' dr. eva said . 
 `` weird how she could change sex overnight right before she died . '' 
 susan put her cup back on the table and looked down . 
 `` of course , stranger things have happened , '' dr. eva said . 
 she looked into susan 's eyes when she looked back up at her and then she smiled . 
 she leaned in even closer . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered and got up and left . 
 susan let out the breath she was holding and smiled to herself . 
 everything was going to be all right . 
 she had told us this story the evening they found the dolphins and we all listened with smiles on our faces -lrb- me inside -rrb- and weightless hearts and felt like maybe we had done well . 
 at least what was right . 
 and the one concern i had , the guard i had subdued and performed the vulcan mind meld on , ended up turning out all right too . 
 he never said a word and susan said he seemed normal without any weird side effects that she could see . 
 i hoped she was right . 
 chapter 5 george comes home a week later , avril , tuck and i were out in the lot working on my passing . 
 tryouts were two weeks away and i needed the conditioning . 
 physical therapy was a grueling every other day ritual , but the therapists said that if i wanted to play , i would have to work at home too . 
 the pain i had felt the last time i pushed it was something the therapist said i should expect and to work through it . 
 it would get better with time and conditioning . 
 she was optimistic i would regain full use of the arm and not the seventy percent the doctor had predicted . 
 that was encouraging . 
 of course , i had n't told her about the telekinesis so all her predictions could mean squat if that was what was causing the pain . 
 i 'd just keep pushing and see what happened . 
 avril was sitting on the curb reading , while tuck and i chucked the ball back and forth . 
 my accuracy was improving , but the strength was still not there . 
 `` want to try a long ball again ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 the memory of the pain played at the back of my mind , but i pushed it away . 
 `` yeah . 
 i need to see . '' 
 i tossed the ball casually up and down in my throwing hand and signaled him with the other . 
 he took off . 
 i let the energy build and allowed it to explode from my fingertips as the ball left my hand . 
 a searing jolt of fire shot up my arm from my wrist and i doubled over , grabbing the arm with my other hand . 
 the pain was back . 
 avril heard it in my head and jumped up , rushing over . 
 she put her hand on my back and rubbed . 
 `` is it bad ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded . 
 it was bad . 
 the arm felt like little electric shocks were pulsing up and down it into my shoulder and wrist . 
 i shook it and it only intensified . 
 then it started to lessen . 
 tuck had caught the ball and had then run over . 
 `` that was right on , '' he said . 
 `` still hurt , though , huh ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 want to feel ? '' 
 i reached out my hand toward him and he backed off . 
 `` hell no , '' he said grinning . 
 at least i could joke about it . 
 i worked the arm in an arc , the pain waning , and told him to give me the ball . 
 `` you 're not done ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i need to work through this . '' 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` last time you could n't throw for two days . '' 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 it 's feeling better already . '' 
 tuck tossed the ball to me and i told him to go long again . 
 he shrugged and took off . 
 i concentrated on reining in the energy a bit , regulating the strength to just what i needed . 
 my arm moved the ball in its arc and i released it , the pulse of energy boosting the momentum off my fingertips . 
 the pain grabbed me again , but not as bad . 
 it was definitely there , but i could stand it . 
 the ball sailed in a perfect spiral and fell into tuck 's waiting hands as he ran under it . 
 `` how was that ? '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` better . 
 still hurt , but not as much . '' 
 avril took my arm in her hands and massaged it softly . 
 i let her , because it felt so good and anything feeling good was a bonus at that point . 
 `` maybe you could come to tryouts and do that every time i throw . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm sure that would go over big . '' 
 she moved in closer and i pulled her tight to me . 
 `` my assistant . 
 or quarterback coach . 
 i 'm sure they 'd allow it . '' 
 she kissed my face . 
 `` just throw the ball . 
 i 'll be there , but you 'll be on your own . '' 
 `` what are you two doing ? '' 
 tuck yelled . 
 `` come on . 
 i do n't want to see this . 
 you 're grossing me out . '' 
 avril laughed and yelled at him . 
 `` you need to call debbie . 
 i have her number . '' 
 `` no way . 
 not gon na happen . '' 
 `` then you could cuddle with us . '' 
 `` that 's stupid . 
 why would i want to do that ? '' 
 i pressed my forehead to hers and she smiled then let me go . 
 she walked back to her book , her hair shimmering with those little pink glitter specks that i 'd come to know . 
 it was a beautiful sight and she looked back over her shoulder , grinning at me as she walked . 
 the football came sailing at my head , then , and i stopped it in mid air with a burst of energy . 
 it hung there a few feet from my face . 
 tuck grinned . 
 `` show off . '' 
 i whipped it back at him and he had to jump out of the way to keep from getting hit . 
 he laughed and ran to grab it . 
 `` okay , '' he said . 
 `` enough . '' 
 `` you started it . '' 
 `` you did by sucking on her face . '' 
 `` i ca n't suck on her face . '' 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 `` if you could have , you would too . '' 
 `` no way . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` ` throw the ball . '' 
 he heaved it to me and i jumped to grab it . 
 we tossed it back and forth for a bit longer and then called it quits . 
 it had been a good day , and even though i had pain with the long ball , i now knew that i could do it . 
 i walked avril and pepper home and we joked about her being my personal assistant and massage therapist . 
 `` you 'd like that would n't you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` more than you know . '' 
 she gave me a look , her eyes flashing , and moved closer to me . 
 `` i had a dream that you and i were naked , '' she whispered and i stopped in the street and stared at her . 
 she blushed and grabbed my arm . 
 `` when was this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` last night . '' 
 i started walking again and she kept glancing at me . 
 `` what happened in the dream ? '' 
 i finally asked . 
 `` i woke up . 
 you were touching me , though , and it was the most awesome thing i had ever felt . '' 
 i smiled inside and she did too . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she gave me a mischievous smile and tilted her head . 
 `` what do you think it means ? '' 
 `` i think it means something special will happen . '' 
 `` i do too , '' she whispered and then kissed me on the cheek . 
 i left her at the door and she watched me walk away . 
 that feeling of her slipping from my mind worked its way into my soul , just as it always did , and i slowed , not wanting it to happen . 
 i turned and saw her still there and she waved . 
 i waved back and moved away . 
 when i felt her slip away completely , my heart did a flutter kick and it made me hold my breath . 
 i turned back quickly , but she was gone . 
 i missed her already . 
 that night , i had my own dream . 
 it was n't anything as special as avril and me together , but it stuck with me until the morning and i woke with a promise in my head that i had forgotten to keep . 
 george marshall had visited me in the night . 
 * * * george marshall had been a high school teacher in a small new england town and had retired only five years before . 
 he had been a good teacher , one the kids liked and could relate to even with their huge age difference . 
 he had never married , but had one child that he knew of . 
 and one love . 
 and that 's where i came in . 
 anne helmsworth had been a senior in george 's history class . 
 his first history class . 
 he was fresh out of college , and fishweir high had given him a job to fill a temporary vacancy while the tenured teacher was out healing from a major accident . 
 he was young , just barely twenty two , and closer to the ages of the kids he was teaching than he was to his fellow faculty members . 
 so , for him to find himself attracted to anne was not that much of a stretch . 
 it was a problem , though , and he did n't know what to do about it . 
 anne had walked into his class that first day , her dark hair in a pony tail with a bright red ribbon in it , her books pressed against her chest as her large , brown eyes twinkled in laughter at some joke one of her friends had told . 
 she glanced up at him as she walked in and held his gaze . 
 she smiled just a touch and looked away shyly . 
 her friend whispered in her ear and she blushed , glancing at him again . 
 that had been all it took . 
 three weeks later , they snuck out to the small sister town of highsmith and went dancing . 
 it had been the best night of his life and she the best thing that had ever happened to him . 
 class became difficult , but they managed to keep their affair a secret . 
 sneaking around had become part of the appeal , an aphrodisiac that only heightened their feelings . 
 some of her friends guessed at the relationship , but she would never admit it to them and they teased her about him relentlessly . 
 she tolerated their jokes and jabs , but only just barely . 
 she was falling in love , but still in a child 's world . 
 he was head over heels and wanted nothing more than to take her away . 
 he made love to her for the first time on a starry night under an apple tree in an orchard they had found together , a blanket for a bed and a small portable radio playing the music they both loved . 
 she had cried afterward , not from sorrow or pain , but from the joy she was feeling , and he had caressed her face with his fingertips , wiping the wetness away . 
 the world could only get better , he thought . 
 but he was wrong . 
 when she told him she was pregnant , he had just had his first review and the faculty all agreed he should be given a permanent position . 
 he beamed with pride , anxious to tell anne . 
 as she cried , telling him about her missed periods and nausea , he felt numb . 
 he held her in his car as they sat in the parking lot and he let her cry on his shoulder . 
 he could n't think of a thing to say . 
 and he had no idea what to do . 
 when he suggested she get an abortion , she grew angry with him . 
 she would never agree to that , it was a life that was growing inside her and she could never extinguish it like a match being blown out . 
 he argued that this would destroy his career and their lives together , a scandal so great he would never be able to get a teaching job for the rest of his life . 
 they would starve and he would be unable to provide for her like the plans they had whispered in the dark over the last few months . 
 she cared nothing for his career . 
 she only cared for the life that was growing inside her and could n't understand how he could be so cold . 
 they fought for two hours and finally she left , with nothing resolved . 
 two days later , she left the town of fishweir , never to return . 
 he never loved again . 
 george marshall spent the rest of his life mourning the loss of his love and the mistakes he had made . 
 late in his life , he had tracked her to a town in north florida , orange park , and had come to it in his retirement , to see . 
 but he could never muster the courage . 
 his daughter would never know her father and his love would carry the burning hate she must feel for him to her grave . 
 he died before he could find the strength . 
 and so he passed the burden to me . 
 it was his last wish , that one thing i knew he needed to tell . 
 he shared with me the story , a story that encompassed a whole lifetime of joy and pain , sorrow and mistakes , love and betrayal . 
 and it passed to me in the blink of an eye . 
 now , i had to find her and give to her the one thing he could n't . 
 his love and a gift he had saved his whole life . 
 but where was she ? 
 i had some work to do . 
 * * * i woke in the morning with the whisperings of george 's voice in my head . 
 i had to find her . 
 when avril came over with pepper , i told her about george in my dream and she took my hand in hers and asked what we should do . 
 `` we need to find her , '' i said . 
 `` where do we start ? '' 
 `` maybe kaylin can help , '' she said . 
 `` we need a car . '' 
 kaylin was in her room and when i knocked , she answered with a big grin on her face . 
 she pulled avril into her arms and hugged her tight . 
 she pulled away and stared at the smile on avril 's face . 
 `` i ca n't believe i have n't seen you in a week , '' kaylin said . 
 i think kaylin loved her just as much as i did , just in a different way . 
 i know avril loved her too . 
 the sister she never had . 
 they held hands as kaylin looked us both over and pronounced the two of us , ` cute . ' 
 `` you need me to drive you around , huh ? '' 
 she asked , already knowing why we were there . 
 i nodded and showed her george 's story . 
 `` so sad , '' she said . 
 `` i ca n't believe he wasted his whole life unable to get past his fear and find her . 
 they probably would have been so happy together . '' 
 `` will you help us ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` i think i know where we can start . 
 but it might cost some money . '' 
 `` i do n't have much , '' i said . 
 `` i 've got some , '' avril said . 
 `` you should n't spend it , '' i said . 
 `` you 've saved that your whole life . '' 
 `` it 's worth it . '' 
 she smiled and i knew there would be no talking her out of it . 
 we left pepper with her mother and siblings and climbed into kaylin 's beat-up toyota and drove out of the neighborhood . 
 `` where to first ? '' 
 kaylin asked . 
 `` i want to try and find the bag , '' i said , and she nodded . 
 george had shown me an image of a large duffel bag inside a locker somewhere here in town . 
 it had a combination lock , but he slipped away before he could tell me where it was and what the combination was . 
 it held what george wanted his daughter to have . 
 i had no idea what was inside . 
 kaylin saw the images of the locker in my head and told us it looked like a gym locker . 
 `` like at school ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` kind of , but it would n't be at school would it . 
 probably at one of the local fitness places . 
 we just need to figure out which one . '' 
 `` how many are there ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` i know of three , '' kaylin said . 
 `` we 'll start there . '' 
 she drove through the morning traffic and we pulled into a big parking lot by the mall off of wells road . 
 the gym was humming this morning , the parking lot almost full . 
 maybe it would make it easier to get in and out unnoticed . 
 though , with my appearance , anonymity was difficult . 
 in the main entrance we looked around and saw the locker room doors and i headed for the men 's side , avril and kaylin , the women 's . 
 we did n't really think it would be in the women 's , but they had to check . 
 the locker i was looking for was dark in color , but i since i saw in shades of gray , i had no idea what color . 
 what i did know was the number on the outside . 
 162 . 
 these lockers were very small and the numbers started in the 1000s so i knew immediately that this was not the place . 
 avril and kaylin were waiting for me outside the lockers with the same look on their faces . 
 time to go to the next spot . 
 we drove to a place on blanding boulevard right next to a chicken wing restaurant . 
 the reception desk was unavoidable and kaylin asked if we could have a tour of the facility to see if we wanted to join . 
 a young man took us around and showed us the equipment , weights , and indoor pool , but we were anxious to see the locker rooms . 
 he let the girls go into theirs alone , but followed me into the men 's . 
 the lockers here were only cubby holes with no doors and no numbers so this was definitely not the place . 
 i walked out leaving him behind to talk about the showers and sauna . 
 he caught up with me when he realized he was talking to the wall . 
 the girls were waiting there for me . 
 kaylin thanked him and said we 'd think about it . 
 he tried to pressure us into joining with thirty day free coupons and a free towel with the gym 's emblem emblazoned on it , but we said we needed to think about it . 
 time to move on . 
 the final place was a little ways further south on blanding and we pulled into the packed parking lot and stepped out into the heat . 
 the day was getting warm and the clouds were building . 
 it looked like thunderstorms were brewing . 
 inside , the locker rooms were at the very entrance , so we walked in to them like we knew we belonged . 
 no one stopped us . 
 the lockers here were too tall and the numbers started in the 1000s also . 
 strike three . 
 back in the car , we sat and mulled over our next move . 
 `` maybe it 's in jacksonville , '' avril suggested . 
 `` there are so many , '' kaylin said . 
 `` maybe we 're missing one here . 
 i mean , i do n't know all of them . '' 
 `` let 's find a pay phone and check the phone book , '' i said . 
 it was the year 2000 , and though the cell phone was big and just about everybody had one but us , pay phones were still around . 
 they would n't disappear for a few more years yet . 
 we found a phone and all gathered around it as kaylin searched . 
 there was a new part of orange park that was booming with growth , just to the south of the main town , called fleming island , and new construction and housing were going up fast . 
 there were two new gyms there and an old place off of state road 220 that catered to the boxing and wrestling crowd . 
 we headed for fleming island and stopped at the first place gleaming in the sun . 
 the whole front of it was glass and we could see people on treadmills and stationary bikes as they moved to the beat of whatever was playing in their headphones . 
 there was a reception area and we were given guest passes that allowed us to roam the facility for an hour and see if we liked what we saw . 
 i was glad that we were without an escort . 
 i was tired of being pitched to . 
 in the locker room , the lockers here were dark in color and looked to be the same size as the picture in george 's head . 
 i found number 162 and sat in front of it with my hopes high . 
 now , to get into it . 
 i put my fingertips to the combination dial and concentrated hard . 
 the lock was pretty new and though it had been used , the tumblers were still in good shape and showed only the faintest traces of wear . 
 but it was enough to give me what i needed . 
 i turned the dial to the first number , then back to the second and finally to the last as i heard the mechanism drop into place inside my head . 
 the door pulled open easily and i stared inside . 
 it was not what i expected . 
 `` what are you doing in my locker ? '' 
 a voice said behind me and i turned . 
 a large , muscular man in his twenties stood over me , a towel in one hand and a bag in the other . 
 he was completely naked . 
 when he saw my face , he flinched and scowled . 
 i was kind of surprised . 
 he seemed afraid of me and that struck me as funny considering his physique and size . 
 i stood and waved a hand at the locker and started to walk away . 
 it only contained a few articles of clothing anyway and i was sure it was not george marshall 's . 
 he shook his head as i moved toward the door . 
 `` i should report you , '' he said . 
 `` this is my private stuff . '' 
 i walked out the door and met the girls outside . 
 `` next , '' avril said as we got in the car . 
 we decided to skip the new place and head for the boxing gym on sr 220 , thinking that it might be our best shot . 
 the square , block building sat up against an old grain silo , the parking lot , nothing but chalky gravel with a few cars scattered in it and one beat up old truck . 
 the paint was peeling off of the block walls and the roof looked like it was sagging in the middle . 
 the sign read joe 's gym . 
 i pushed the door open and led the way in . 
 in the middle of the floor was a boxing ring . 
 two men wearing gloves and head protection were going at it as a third offered support and suggestions . 
 one other man was working on a hanging bag in the corner . 
 all stopped what they were doing when we walked in and stared for a moment . 
 then they went back to whatever they were doing . 
 an old guy walked out of a side door and approached . 
 `` help you folks ? '' 
 `` do you have a locker room ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` now , that 's a pretty strange question from a pretty girl . 
 i 've had folks ask for the bathroom , a mop , snakeskin , leotards , a baby crib and even a gun . 
 but a guy with no face and two pretty girls asking for the locker room is pretty much the high of my lifetime . 
 normally i 'd just say no , but now my curiosity is up . 
 why do you want to know ? '' 
 avril smiled at the old guy and shrugged . 
 `` we 're thinking about joining and we wanted to see it . '' 
 `` you 're thinking about joining , '' he said . 
 we all nodded . 
 he sighed and sat in a chair against the wall . 
 `` i do n't like it when young folks lie . 
 it just looks bad on them . 
 and in your case , young lady , it makes you seem -- less pretty . 
 want to try again ? '' 
 avril looked at kaylin and sighed . 
 `` we 're looking for locker 162 , '' kaylin said . 
 he studied all three of us again and pursed his lips . 
 `` are you on some kind of scavenger hunt ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i told kaylin not to lie to him again . 
 he 'd get the truth and then we 'd see if he believed us or not . 
 `` no . 
 there 's a bag in it that we 're supposed to give someone . 
 someone special . '' 
 he looked at each of us again , pausing to size us up , and stopped at me . 
 `` how does he see ? '' 
 `` with vibration and a kind of sonar , '' kaylin said . 
 the man pushed back in the seat and made that face you get when you think something is fascinating . 
 he took that in and then jumped back to the topic at hand . 
 `` so , let me get this straight . 
 you think there 's a locker here , number 162 , that holds a bag with something in it for a person you know ? 
 that about right ? '' 
 we nodded . 
 `` what 's in the bag ? '' 
 `` we do n't know , '' avril said . 
 `` we just know we 're supposed to have it . '' 
 `` how do you know you 're supposed to have it ? '' 
 `` the owner told us . '' 
 `` now we 're getting somewhere . 
 who is the owner ? '' 
 `` george marshall , '' avril said . 
 the name registered nothing on the man 's face and he looked at all three of us again as if we were pulling his leg . 
 `` george marshall is dead , '' the man finally said . 
 `` yes . 
 he told linc as he was dying . '' 
 `` what 's a linc ? '' 
 i raised my hand . 
 `` his name is lincoln but we call him linc for short , '' kaylin said . 
 `` is there a locker 162 here ? '' 
 `` well , i told you george marshall was dead and that must mean i know who he is . 
 do you think there 's a locker 162 here ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then you 'd be correct . '' 
 kaylin smiled at avril and seemed to relax more . 
 `` but that does n't mean i 'm just going to let you take whatever was his because you tell me some crazy story about a bag . 
 why should i believe you ? '' 
 `` because it 's the truth . '' 
 `` you lied to me once , how can i trust you ? '' 
 `` tell him , '' i said to kaylin . 
 `` let him decide . '' 
 kaylin sighed and looked at me quick and made up her mind . 
 `` my brother , '' she pointed to me , `` linc , has something special in his brain . 
 it lets him see things differently and gives him special abilities . 
 one of those abilities is telepathy . 
 he can read minds . 
 george marshall collapsed in front of him at a bus stop and linc connected with him before he died and could see his whole life laid out before him . 
 he had something he needed linc to do . 
 something that he waited his whole life to do but never got the chance . 
 that 's why we 're here . 
 the bag is a promise linc made to george . 
 a promise we need to keep . '' 
 the old guy sat there and moved his eyes among the three of us , but his head remained frozen in place . 
 his face betrayed nothing . 
 finally he said , `` show me . '' 
 i stepped to him and raised my hand toward his face . 
 he pulled back just slightly and watched me . 
 i nodded as i held my hand close to him and he finally nodded back . 
 i put my fingertips to his skin and showed him everything . 
 he never flinched , though his face trembled slightly . 
 when i let go , he took a breath in as if he had been holding it . 
 he stood . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 he led us to the locker room and pointed to a set of lockers that ran along a bench . 
 they were the ones in my head and i saw number 162 . 
 `` i do n't know the combination , '' he said . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 i nodded and sat on the bench in front of it and put my fingers to the lock . 
 the ancient tumblers were easy to decipher and i worked the dial without hesitation . 
 the locker popped open and a gym bag lay inside . 
 i pulled it out . 
 `` do you want to see what 's inside ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 it 's not my business . 
 as a matter of fact , i 'd rather not know . 
 man like that held lots of secrets his whole life , who knows what could be in there . '' 
 i had n't thought of it like that , but i was n't afraid . 
 george 's story was sad , but not horrific . 
 `` now , you kids go on before i change my mind . 
 and if anybody asks , i do n't know nothing . '' 
 `` thank you , '' kaylin said , but he scowled . 
 he walked us out and shut the door behind us . 
 he never said one word about the telepathy . 
 in the car we opened the bag and all gasped . 
 it was full of money . 
 * * * `` do you think he 'd mind if we used some of this money to pay for a private eye ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't want avril using her money if she does n't have to . 
 there 's a lot in here . '' 
 we were driving back to blanding with the bag on my lap and avril was counting the money . 
 she had gotten to $ 50,000.00 and was not done yet . 
 `` this is a lot of money , '' she said , `` but it 's not ours . 
 i do n't think we should use it . '' 
 `` i do . 
 george tasked me with this job . 
 do n't you think he expected me to use what he has to get it done ? 
 we 're using some . '' 
 `` i think linc is right , '' kaylin said . 
 `` he ca n't expect us to spend our own money on his last wish . 
 i 'm sure it will be okay . 
 it will just be a little bit . '' 
 `` we ca n't carry this around , '' i said . 
 `` we need to put it somewhere safe . '' 
 `` i have a locked closet in my room , '' avril said . 
 `` we could keep it there until we find her . '' 
 kaylin drove to avril 's house and she ran in with the bag and came back out a few minutes later . 
 `` all safe and sound , '' she said . 
 `` all $ 75,000 of it . '' 
 `` he must have saved his whole life for that , '' i said . 
 kaylin took us to the only place she knew that might help . 
 it was a small office in one of those strip malls with a laundromat and a car parts store . 
 the door had a sign that read jennings ' investigations . 
 inside , an older woman sat at a desk working on the computer . 
 she saw me and frowned , but after a moment , she plastered a smile on her face and asked if she could help us . 
 `` we 're trying to find someone , '' kaylin said . 
 `` you 're in the right place . 
 we charge by the hour though and it may get expensive . 
 do you have a means to pay us ? '' 
 `` yes , '' kaylin said . 
 the woman nodded . 
 a tall man in jeans and a polo shirt came out of a room in the back and smiled . 
 he had gray hair that was cut very short and if i were to guess , he was in his sixties . 
 `` i 'm bill , '' the man said . 
 `` bill jennings . '' 
 `` bill , they 're trying to find someone , '' the woman said and handed him a form . 
 `` come on back to my office and you can tell me all about it , '' he said . 
 we followed him back and told a version of our story that we thought would work . 
 he did n't believe a word of it . 
 `` we 're not lying to you , mr. jennings , '' kaylin said . 
 `` but you 're not telling me everything . 
 i do n't think i can help you . '' 
 he started to get up from behind his desk and i waved him down . 
 `` he needs to know too , '' i told kaylin . 
 `` apparently nobody believes us anyway . 
 might as well give it a shot . '' 
 she shrugged and told him everything . 
 he listened with his chin in his hand and his eyes searching back and forth among us and then settling on me . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` that 's pretty amazing , '' he said . 
 i could n't tell if he was being sarcastic or not . 
 kaylin thought he was . 
 `` you still do n't believe us ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i did n't say that . 
 look at if from my point of view . 
 i have all kinds of people come in here day after day with problems that they want me to solve or lost loves they need to find . 
 you three come in here with a similar story about a man -- jeremy ... '' `` george , '' kaylin corrected . 
 `` george and his long lost love anne , but you throw in this whole scenario with telepathy and mind reading and secret lockers and bags of money and it all seems kind of -- well -- cinematic . '' 
 `` it 's the truth , '' avril said . 
 `` right . 
 i do n't think i can help you . '' 
 `` ask him if i can show him , '' i said to avril . 
 she nodded . 
 `` linc can show you , '' she said . 
 he pointed to me . 
 `` linc , is it ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` show me , huh ? 
 i assume you mean some type of telepathy , which i do n't believe . 
 is that what you mean ? '' 
 i nodded again . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' he said with a grin on his face . 
 he really did n't believe it could happen . 
 i nudged kaylin in her mind to push him . 
 `` mr. jennings . 
 i know this is all kind of crazy and i understand how you could be skeptical . 
 you probably have to be in your line of work , but if you 'll just give him a chance to prove to you ... '' `` i do n't need proof . 
 i 'm sure she 's out there . 
 i just do n't like it when people are n't honest with me . '' 
 kaylin stood up and bent over his desk . 
 she looked very angry . 
 `` listen . 
 i do n't know how many times we have to tell you we 're not lying . 
 we have n't lied to you since we walked in here . 
 he made a promise . 
 a promise to a dying man that he intends to keep and we 'll get it done with or without your help , but it would sure be easier with your help . '' 
 bill glanced at all of us on the other side of his desk and then looked up at the door behind us . 
 the older woman was leaning against the jam . 
 she had been listening . 
 `` what are you afraid of , bill ? 
 let him show you . 
 if it 's a scam , you 'll know . '' 
 he looked to me again and then sighed . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` let me see the big show . '' 
 i showed him . 
 he never doubted us again . 
 chapter 6 bret i awoke to sobbing in my head and jumped up , dazed and confused . 
 avril was out front on the porch and i rushed down to her and pulled her up to me . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he took it , '' she said . 
 it was then i noticed the bruise on her face and the blood on her lip . 
 the anger flared instantly and i felt as if all the energy in me was going to erupt . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she said and put her hands to my face . 
 `` linc . 
 look at me . 
 no . 
 you have to calm down . 
 i 'm all right . 
 we 'll get it back . 
 we will . 
 we 'll do it together . '' 
 the red in my vision threatened to cloud over but her pleading face in front of mine pushed it back and i took deep breaths . 
 i touched the bruise softly and she smiled just the tiniest bit . 
 `` there you are , '' she said . 
 `` stay with me , okay ? '' 
 i nodded and she told me what happened . 
 bret had seen her take the bag to her room and had broken into her closet after she left and he found the money . 
 he took it , of course , and she did n't realize until this morning when she woke from a bad dream . 
 that dream had involved an empty closet . 
 she jumped up and went to it discovering it gone and then went to her brother who had the bag in his hand and was walking out the door . 
 he laughed , backhanded her in the face and left in his car . 
 she had no idea where he went . 
 she came right here . 
 `` that money is not his , '' i said . 
 `` it 's not even ours . 
 we have to get it back . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but you have to promise me you wo n't hurt him . '' 
 `` i wo n't promise , '' i said and i meant it . 
 `` he deserves to be hurt . 
 it 's time you told me what happened between you two . 
 i need to know . '' 
 she sagged against me and started to cry again . 
 i held her tight as the story spilled out of her . 
 i knew he was her brother , but bret was as bad as they came . 
 maybe even worse . 
 bret had been the kind of brother every sister hates . 
 mean , spiteful , hurtful . 
 he would tease her relentlessly when they were young and play jokes on her that were more than just pranks . 
 she had been lucky to survive . 
 he once put a rattlesnake under her bed and later claimed he had n't known it was poisonous . 
 he pushed her down and tripped her every chance he got and whenever they would swim in the pool , he would dunk her head under the water and hold her down until she was choking and gasping for air . 
 it had been terrifying . 
 but somehow , she still cared for him . 
 he was her brother after all . 
 their parents , especially her mother , brushed these things under the rug as just the pranks and bickering of brother to sister , dismissing it as nothing more than normal behavior . 
 her mother loved the boy and he could do no wrong in her eyes . 
 avril 's mom was good to her , she never showed any kind of favoritism , she was just in a state of denial when it came to her son and it caused pain and suffering for everyone in the family and ultimately it would be her demise . 
 bret , the son she loved so much , would kill her . 
 or at least that 's what avril believed . 
 no one could prove it . 
 after high school , he enlisted in the army and was scheduled to leave for boot camp in a few weeks . 
 the girl he was seeing at the time was coleen dyson . 
 she was shy , petite and beautiful . 
 bret had tried repeatedly to have his way with her but she had denied his advances and he grew ever more impatient . 
 his patience ran out the night before he was scheduled to leave for boot camp . 
 all avril knew was that bret had come home drunk that night , covered in mud and blood and his mother had confronted him . 
 they fought , bret screaming at her , her father passed out in the bed from drinking , and avril huddling in her room afraid to move . 
 the screaming grew and then there was silence . 
 avril crept down the stairs to find bret over his mother , crying . 
 she was lying on the floor , unmoving . 
 avril gasped and bret stood up wiping his face . 
 `` she fell , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't know what 's wrong . 
 i do n't think she 's breathing . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 she fell . '' 
 avril rushed to the phone and called the ambulance , but it was too late . 
 she was already gone . 
 bret changed his clothes and cleaned up . 
 he stuck to the claim that she had fainted and hit her head on the counter and since there had been no evidence to show any foul play , no charges were ever filed . 
 even their father believed bret . 
 his wife of twenty five years had a history of light headedness , so the story made sense . 
 bret received a few days leave from boot camp to attend the funeral and then he was gone . 
 avril remained in denial , unable to convince herself that he had anything to do with her mother 's death . 
 that is until she found out that coleen dyson was missing . 
 and has never been found . 
 `` the police never suspected anything ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` but you know ? '' 
 `` i know . 
 and he knows i know . 
 he 's different now , too . 
 changed . 
 i think the military has turned him into something that i do n't even recognize . 
 he stares at me . 
 just stares . 
 when i look up and he sees , a grin forms on his face and it creeps me out . '' 
 `` what do you think happened the other night ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to think about it . 
 i 'm scared . '' 
 `` i wo n't let anything happen to you . '' 
 `` what if he 's done it again ? 
 what if some other girl has gone missing and we 'll see her name in the paper ? 
 i wo n't be able to face him . '' 
 `` we have to face him . 
 we have to get that money back . '' 
 she leaned against me . 
 `` he 's my brother . '' 
 `` he 's something more now , avril . 
 he needs to be stopped . 
 he 's out of control . '' 
 `` and you 're the one who 's going to stop him . '' 
 her voice had changed . 
 it became flat and monotone , void of any feeling or emotion . 
 i tilted her head up to look at me . 
 `` i have to . 
 no one else can . '' 
 `` why does it have to be you ? 
 we can go to the police . '' 
 `` no we ca n't . 
 think about it . 
 he 's probably hidden the money somewhere and we 'll never find it . 
 or if the police recover it , we 'll never get it back to give to anne . 
 the police wo n't believe our story and we may even get in trouble for having it . 
 it has to be us . '' 
 `` i 'm going to be with you , '' she said . 
 `` you 're going to be with me . 
 i 'll need you there . '' 
 she looked at me then and a little of her fear was back . 
 i could see it in her eyes and it made me shrink inside . 
 `` you ground me , '' i said . 
 `` you 're my angel . 
 i 've told you this before but i really believe it . 
 my guardian angel who keeps me from getting out of control . 
 if you do n't want me to hurt him then keep me grounded and i 'll keep you safe . '' 
 `` please do n't hurt him . '' 
 `` i 'll try . 
 but i do n't know what will happen . '' 
 i held her tight and she clung to me , her face buried in my neck as more tears spilled from her eyes . 
 sometimes i wished i could cry . 
 and others , i was glad i could n't . 
 this was one of those other times . 
 * * * bret disappeared for two days . 
 we were worried that he would never return and now that i look back , i wished he had kept the money . 
 anne helmsworth would never know about it and george marshall would still be angry at me from his grave . 
 and avril would be all right . 
 but it did n't turn out that way . 
 everything went to shit . 
 a scream filled my head as i slept . 
 a scream that shook me to my core and i sat up in the night , panting . 
 was it a dream ? 
 the fuzziness of sleep still lingered and i looked around the room wondering from where it came . 
 my door burst open and kaylin stood there in her pajamas , a look of sheer terror in her eyes . 
 `` avril , '' she said . 
 and i heard the scream again . 
 we ran to kaylin 's car and it would n't start . 
 the engine turned over and over , but would n't catch . 
 kaylin cried in her frustration and beat on the steering wheel . 
 i reached over and touched the ignition , sending a bit of energy and turned the key . 
 the car started and she slammed it in reverse and barked the tires as we tore down the street . 
 my mother 's voice faded in the night behind us . 
 we did n't have time to explain . 
 at avril 's house , the lights were on and avril was in pain . 
 i could feel her now and see what was happening . 
 bret had her pinned on the floor , her father lay in a pool of blood next to her , the bag of money on the couch , and a pistol pressed to her head . 
 he was drunk and the blackness poured out of him like crude oil from a leaking ship . 
 it wreaked of anger and death and something i could n't place . 
 kaylin could see it too and it terrified her . 
 i leapt from the car before it stopped and burst into the house . 
 bret turned , his surprise at seeing me quickly replaced with a leering grin that dripped the blackness from his mouth . 
 an aura that had substance and stench , and i blanched from the vision . 
 he turned the gun on me as kaylin came up behind me . 
 `` the freak , '' he said . 
 `` you do n't listen very well do you ? 
 i told you to stay away from my sister . '' 
 `` linc , '' avril said . 
 `` he 's crazy . 
 get out of here before he hurts you . '' 
 `` linc . 
 run away , hurry , '' he mocked . 
 `` shut up , bitch . 
 i ca n't believe anyone in my family would even be associated with this abomination . '' 
 `` do n't hurt him , '' she pleaded . 
 `` please , bret . 
 i wo n't say anything . 
 keep the money . 
 just do n't hurt him . '' 
 he smacked her in the face with the back of his hand and the fury in me erupted . 
 i moved toward them and he pointed the pistol back at me . 
 `` do n't take another step , lover boy , '' he said . 
 the rage i was feeling took on a whole new depth . 
 the redness that tinged the edges of my vision popped in my head and the world exploded with color . 
 i could see everything in perfect clarity and knew that what was about to happen was pre-ordained . 
 it gave me strength and power , because i knew it would be all right . 
 i answered him in my head and though it registered shock on avril 's face , when my voice exploded from the air around us and shook the room with its power , i was n't surprised . 
 it was just something else i did n't know i could do . 
 `` no problem , bret , '' my voice boomed . 
 `` i 'll just stay right here . '' 
 i flung the energy at him and picked him up off of the floor . 
 `` no ! '' 
 avril shouted . 
 i threw him across the room and he slammed into the wall , the drywall fracturing as he broke through it into the kitchen . 
 i stepped to the doorway and found him in a daze on the floor , but he was still grinning . 
 `` is n't this a surprise , '' he said and raised the gun to me . 
 he would not hesitate now . 
 another bolt of energy flung from my fingertips and the gun flew from his hand . 
 i stepped to him and picked him up with my bare hands and held him above me , the energy flowing from me giving my arms the strength , my face inches from his . 
 `` time to spill it all , bret , '' i said . 
 `` we need to know . '' 
 i carried him into the room with avril and kaylin and tossed him to the couch . 
 i held him pinned there . 
 avril , rushed to me and grabbed my shoulders . 
 `` no linc , do n't . '' 
 i ignored her and went to him , kneeling in front of him . 
 the black , oily stench of him seeped into my nostrils and filled my head with visions of death and things i could n't banish . 
 it did n't repulse me like i thought it would . 
 i wanted to see . 
 i needed to know . 
 i welcomed it and it would change me . 
 it always did . 
 avril pulled on my arms , but it was as if she was n't there . 
 i lifted his hand outward toward me and this finally caused him fear . 
 he did n't know what i was going to do . 
 it rippled along his aura and caused it to split in places , the blackness fracturing into a sickly bruised yellow and green . 
 i pressed my face to his hand and his world exploded into me . 
 i grabbed his arms to hold onto him because i was being pushed backward , away from him . 
 the part of me that still wanted salvation from this evil wanted to get me away , but i resisted and held on . 
 his life and everything with it poured into me and i shook from the pain of it all . 
 avril screamed . 
 a sound so sad and grating it broke my heart . 
 kaylin fell to her knees , sobbing and i knew then that i had done wrong . 
 i had been so selfish . 
 i forgot they could all see . 
 the death of avril 's mother at the hands of her brother was the culmination of visions that tore through our heads and it was more than she could take . 
 she screamed and screamed and beat on my arms to stop . 
 i turned to her and saw her color disappear . 
 the beautiful shimmer that was her was now faded and gray , a pulsing darkness that threatened to engulf her . 
 i sat back , deflated by what i had done , and my concentration failed me . 
 bret never missed a beat . 
 he knew that the energy was no longer holding him , and he used it before it was too late . 
 he had another gun in a back pocket . 
 he pulled it out and pointed it at me before i could see what was happening . 
 it was in his mind . 
 i saw it then and turned to stop , but it was too late . 
 avril saw it too and she shouted , jumping in front of me . 
 `` no ! 
 bret . 
 no ! '' 
 the gun fired and avril slumped to the floor . 
 i reacted with brilliant speed and flung his body across the room , the gun sailing out of his hand through a window and into the night . 
 he landed with a sickening crunch and i picked him up again and threw his limp body through the window . 
 i bent to avril and picked her up . 
 blood leaked from her mouth and it soaked her shirt at her stomach . 
 she coughed . 
 blood sprayed all over the front of me . 
 `` oh god , '' i said . 
 `` no . 
 come on avril . 
 i 've got you . '' 
 kaylin ran to the phone and called the ambulance . 
 i held avril and cried as the life leaked from her onto me . 
 yes , i cried . 
 it was the worst pain i had ever felt and i sobbed inside as her ragged breathing rasped in my ears . 
 i held her that way , kaylin at my shoulder crying , until the paramedics arrived and took her from me . 
 they sped off into the night with her and i felt her leave . 
 that slipping away as the distance separated us . 
 i tried to hold on to it , but it faded . 
 i sank to my knees and let the blackness in . 
 somewhere in the night , bret had slipped away . 
 chapter 7 anne i held her hand . 
 it was small and soft and cold , and it made the pain deep in my chest start up again . 
 i could n't stand to see her like that , the grayness all around her and the tubes and wires and bandages holding her together . 
 she was unconscious . 
 a coma-like state they said , and in some ways i was glad . 
 i could see she was in a place that sheltered her from all the pain , but she was still gone from me . 
 she did n't feel me . 
 did n't know i was there . 
 could n't feel anything . 
 the ventilator kept avril alive as i slowly died inside and i began to hate myself for what i 'd done to her . 
 the hospital staff worked around me , the strange kid without a face who would n't leave . 
 i played dumb , like i did n't understand them and they finally went away and left me with her . 
 at least for a while . 
 kaylin and mom were there , but i finally sent them home . 
 they needed their rest , especially kaylin . 
 the trauma of being opened up to a madman had taken its toll on her and she felt the blackness i felt but did n't manage it well . 
 i told her it was like a bad dream . 
 it would fade as the dream fades . 
 just a bad memory of a bad day . 
 she did n't believe me . 
 avril 's father was here with her . 
 not in the room with us , but the one next door . 
 his skull was fractured and he was on life support as well . 
 i overheard them say the swelling was so great in his head , that the machine breathed fast for him to lower the pressure . 
 tubes had been inserted into his skull to drain the excess blood . 
 father and daughter . 
 daughter and father . 
 destroyed by a son and brother who tipped over the edge . 
 then disappeared . 
 good riddance . 
 she stirred next to me . 
 just a shiver of movement , but i sat up , hopeful . 
 the grayness enveloped her fully and she returned to the flaccid state as before . 
 i squeezed her hand , but she did n't respond . 
 i held on . 
 minutes turned to hours . 
 hours to days . 
 and she hung on . 
 she shivered now from a fever as they pumped the antibiotics into her , an infection raging within the shell that lay in front of me . 
 she had shrunken even further into herself and i could barely find her now . 
 i willed her to hang on . 
 to fight , and it 's as if she was fighting me . 
 she did n't know i was there . 
 my pain deepened . 
 her father passed away on the fourth night and i cried again . 
 no tears leaked from my face . 
 no sobbing from a mouth that did n't exist . 
 just a pain that would n't leave me , an ache that racked my body with the shakes and made my nose drip and run . 
 i wiped at it maddeningly with my sleeve and let it consume me . 
 i had been numb and it was the only thing that made me feel again . 
 on the sixth day her fever broke and the shivering stopped . 
 i was asleep in the chair , holding her hand , when i felt her in my head and sat up . 
 her eyes were open and she was looking at me . 
 i touched her face , that beautiful face that was surrounded by a faint pink light and i put my forehead to hers and smiled inside . 
 `` hi , beautiful , '' i said . 
 `` is this heaven ? '' 
 she asked in my head . 
 i wished i could tell her yes , but in reality it was a kind of hell . 
 `` you scared me to death , '' i said instead . 
 `` welcome back . '' 
 a faint smile spread on her lips , and then she was gone again . 
 she was still so weak , but she was there . 
 i could feel her now and the light around her was no longer gray . 
 she was going to be all right . 
 they took her off of the ventilator the next day and she breathed on her own . 
 she saw in my head the news about her father and she cried for an hour or so and then slept . 
 her dreams were filled with her brother and though i wanted to banish them from her head , there was nothing i could do . 
 she woke screaming and i held her as the nurses rushed in . 
 when they realized it was a bad dream , they left me with her and i held her until her shaking stopped and she fell back asleep . 
 she had many nightmares ahead to endure , and this dream was only one of them . 
 one day later , they determined she could n't move her legs . 
 the bullet had passed extremely close to her spinal column and the surgeon 's fears were realized . 
 she was paralyzed from the waist down and there was no consoling her . 
 she cried for the entire day and said she wanted to die . 
 the grayness had returned a little and i worried she would relapse . 
 i think i told her i loved her a thousand times that day . 
 in the evening she finally held my hand and a bit of her light returned . 
 she had come to grips with it . 
 at least a little . 
 a week later , she came home with us . 
 she had no living relatives and the state granted mom temporary custody . 
 kaylin , joey , susan and tuck were waiting with balloons and a banner when we arrived . 
 she smiled , but we could all see her despair . 
 when joey pulled the wheelchair from the trunk , tears began to fall from her eyes and i went to her and picked her up . 
 she clung to me and sobbed into my neck as i carried her inside . 
 she was so light . 
 so frail . 
 over the next two weeks , she would n't get in the chair . 
 joey or i carried her wherever she needed to be and she sat a lot in front of the window with pepper in her lap . 
 i sat with her too , holding her hand and talking it out . 
 she remembered very little of her hospital time and i told her all that had happened . 
 she shivered at the story and shrank in to herself . 
 i pulled her close and tried to warm her , but it was a chill too deep for me to reach . 
 her brother was still here . 
 in her life and in ours . 
 he would probably be here for a long time if not forever . 
 and i hated him . 
 some days she would sit with me and take both my hands in hers and just stare into my face . 
 a look of such wonder that i melted at the sight of her . 
 `` what are you seeing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you . 
 i just need to make sure you 're still here . '' 
 `` i 'll never go . '' 
 `` i could see you . 
 in my dreams . 
 back at the hospital . 
 your face , it would float in front of me and was always there , whenever i needed it . '' 
 `` i never left , '' i said . 
 she smiled , squeezed my hands and then looked out the window . 
 she was quiet for a minute . 
 and then she said , `` take me outside . '' 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 she laughed at the reference to one of our favorite movies and i wheeled her to the porch . 
 the sun was bright . 
 high in the sky and the heat of it felt good on my skin . 
 i know it must have felt good to her , because she lifted her face to it and took it in . 
 i could see the vision of our place in the woods ; the creek , the log , the quiet . 
 i missed it too . 
 `` take me , '' she said . 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 at the brambles , i carried her through to the fallen tree . 
 i needed some of my energy to manage her up on the log , but i made it without dropping her and we sat there , listening to the water flow beneath our feet . 
 she leaned against me , holding on to my arm . 
 `` do n't leave me , '' she said . 
 `` never . '' 
 `` you say that now , but i 'll be a burden to you . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 `` never . '' 
 `` seriously , linc . 
 look what you have to do for me now . 
 imagine this in a month . 
 six months . 
 a year . 
 anybody would grow tired of it . '' 
 `` look at me , '' i said and she turned to me . 
 `` i 'm going to be selfish right now . 
 selfish in a month . 
 six months . 
 a year . 
 i need you and that will never change . 
 you 're a part of me that no one else will ever be . 
 i gave you a bit of me and you returned it a thousand times over . 
 it 's not just love . 
 it 's more than love . 
 we are bonded . 
 forever . 
 and that will never change . 
 i 'm selfish because i know what would happen to me if you were n't here . 
 and i ca n't let that happen . '' 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` more than love , '' i said . 
 `` more than love . '' 
 i said that over and over in my head . 
 ` more than love . ' 
 and she answered me in kind . 
 nothing would ever separate us . 
 nothing . 
 or so i thought . 
 * * * a few days later , avril called me to her and said we still had a job to do . 
 `` you want to come ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` let 's get kaylin . '' 
 `` i 'm already here , '' kaylin said from behind me . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 bill jennings had called kaylin during the last week and gave us a number , address and married name . 
 anne billings . 
 he also gave us the daughter 's name . 
 charlotte . 
 charly . 
 the bag was in my room and i had n't touched it and i counted it as we drove . 
 bret had taken almost $ 10,000 of the money and though it saddened us that george 's hard work would be diminished , there was nothing we could do about it . 
 it would just have to be . 
 so , there we were . 
 kaylin in a summer dress , her brown hair up in a pony tail , and pretty blue eyes shining as she smiled . 
 the guy with no face and the blonde in the wheel chair . 
 i 'm sure we were a sight to see . 
 no wonder anne billings almost shut the door in our faces . 
 but kaylin was able to calm her . 
 `` anne billings ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she was older now , but i recognized the face from george and she was still beautiful . 
 her hair was graying , and wrinkles had settled into the places that they always do , but her thin nose and wide set eyes betrayed the youthfulness that was still in her . 
 she did n't smile . 
 most do n't at the first sight of me , but when kaylin spoke next , her face registered confusion and then softened . 
 she remembered . 
 `` george marshall sent us , '' kaylin said . 
 `` he wanted to say goodbye . '' 
 her hand hovered near her mouth as this sank in and i thought she would fall down , but she regained her composure and took a deep breath . 
 `` george , '' she said . 
 we all nodded . 
 she welcomed us in and we gathered in the living room . 
 a quiet space full of white and light and it felt right in there . 
 a good place for goodbyes . 
 kaylin introduced us all and anne 's gaze lingered on me longer than the others . 
 i understood . 
 she could sense that i was what was driving all this and instinctively gravitated toward me . 
 kaylin and avril told anne of the day at the bus stop . 
 a tear slipped down her face at the story , but only a tear . 
 it had been a long time , after all , and her life had moved on without george . 
 a husband , three children , and happiness . 
 of course , there was charly too . 
 kaylin explained as best she could my special condition . 
 and what it had meant on that last day for george . 
 i had made a promise to him and was here to see it through . 
 george had wanted to say goodbye and that he was proud of her . 
 he never regretted any of the time they had together , but he did regret the time lost . 
 so much time . 
 he had been a fool in his eyes . 
 he still loved her and wanted her to know and he had a gift for his daughter . 
 `` you saw all this in his mind ? '' 
 anne asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` how ? 
 how does it work ? '' 
 `` do you want to know ? '' 
 i asked through kaylin and she nodded . 
 i went to her and put my fingers to her face . 
 she closed her eyes and i let george speak . 
 he was there , just as if he never left and his voice carried through me to her and she smiled and then cried . 
 she whispered his name and then he was gone . 
 the promise had been kept . 
 i pulled my fingers away slowly and she stared at my face . 
 `` i can see you , '' she said . 
 `` it 's faint , but you 're there . 
 you 're beautiful . 
 i do n't know what to say . '' 
 i gave her the gym bag that had belonged to george and she opened it and smiled . 
 she closed it and held it with both hands tightly . 
 then she handed it back to me . 
 `` charly is gone , '' she said . 
 `` ten years ago . 
 she was killed in a car accident on christmas eve . 
 she wo n't need this and i do n't either . '' 
 `` we ca n't take this , mrs. billings , '' kaylin said . 
 `` it 's too much . '' 
 `` i 'm sure george would n't mind . 
 please . 
 charly would want it that way . 
 do whatever you like with it . 
 please . '' 
 i nodded and grasped the bag in my hand . 
 the weight of it pulled on me like the dead weight of a body . 
 somewhere in my mind i heard a whisper . 
 ` thank you , ' it said . 
 ` it 's all right . ' 
 and then it was gone . 
 the bag seemed to lighten in my grasp . 
 we left anne 's house , her waving in the doorway , and drove home in silence . 
 sometimes , the surprises that life deals you are overwhelming . 
 and that was one of those times . 
 * * * that night , i slept hard and dreamt of george . 
 not in the sense that he was back , or angry at me , but just as a memory . 
 the day brimming over into the night . 
 a normal dream of peace , happiness and a promise fulfilled . 
 then i woke with a start . 
 i felt it at the back of my mind . 
 a simmering anger . 
 blackness , like crude oil seeping from the cracks of a wrecked vessel . 
 it was faint and it faded quickly , but before it did , i heard laughter . 
 more of a snicker that trailed off into the night . 
 i shivered and then i felt avril reach out to me . 
 i went to her and crawled in next to her , wrapping my arms around her and pulling her in tight . 
 she shivered against me and then slowly settled . 
 she had heard it too and she was terrified . 
 kaylin came in then , and sat on the bed . 
 she stroked avril 's hair and then went back to her room . 
 i held her like that until she fell back to sleep , her dreams a restless symphony of things she did n't want to remember . 
 they flared in her mind and kept me awake . 
 but i could n't sleep anyway . 
 the sickening sound of that laugh echoed in my head and the blackness grew again within me . 
 avril stirred in my arms , mumbled in her sleep and grew silent again . 
 the name she spoke only confirmed my fears . 
 bret . 
 it was n't over . 
 episode 4 chapter 1 reunion the blackness grows inside me . 
 i can feel it now . 
 i know it 's my own fault . 
 i let them in and it gains a foothold . 
 the darkness and evil that is in this world feeds my strength and i know i need it and am repulsed by it at the same time . 
 i can see that if i let it get out of control it will rule me . 
 of the evil i 've encountered , each person has given me a bit of themselves . 
 i 've connected , let them in and they 've become a part of me . 
 i do n't know why i 've felt the need to know them . 
 to the core . 
 it 's my mistake . 
 my weakness . 
 i am curious and scared at the same time . 
 my polluted soul is gaining in strength and threatens to drive me out . 
 i ca n't let that happen . 
 it wo n't happen . 
 i have one savior . 
 avril . 
 the chair is with her now . 
 not a part of her , but a necessary instrument that i hope is only temporary . 
 she embraces its functionality , but hates what it represents . 
 i do n't blame her . 
 i carry her around as much as i can and she likes that . 
 maybe it 's just because she is close to me . 
 all i know is that i would carry her to the ends of the earth if need be . 
 the doctors remain optimistic . 
 they feel the damage might be temporary , the inflammation causing the paralysis . 
 her spinal cord was not severed and we hang on to that knowledge so far , she has no feeling below her thighs . 
 she can lift the upper part of her legs at her hips , but the lower half is just along for the ride . 
 at least she has control of her bladder and bowels . 
 kaylin and avril have been spending more time together while tuck and i get ready for tryouts . 
 i told her i did n't want to leave her , but she insisted that what happened to her should never interfere with what i want . 
 i argued with her -lrb- if you 'd call it an argument -rrb- . 
 we never yell , just talk things out . 
 she respects me and what i have to say , and i her . 
 needless to say , she wins the football ones . 
 when she tells me that i ca n't give this up or she would feel like it was her fault , i give in . 
 besides , she seems happy that i 'm doing it . 
 now , if i can just convince the coach to let her on the field to massage my sore throwing arm . 
 the training is going as well as can be expected . 
 the arm is getting stronger and i 'm able to control the energy i release better so as not to injure it . 
 it still hurts when i go all out , though , and when it 's sore after a day of practice , avril massages the muscles and it 's almost like new again . 
 i 'm beginning to believe my physical therapist and her prediction of a full recovery . 
 the bag of money has just been sitting in my closet . 
 everybody knows about it and we 've all been ignoring it . 
 i have no idea what to do with it , so i let it be . 
 it will still be there whenever we all decide what to do . 
 i know george marshall no longer cares . 
 bret did his damage and has disappeared . 
 though , we know he is still around . 
 avril , kaylin and i felt him that night , but he has n't been back since . 
 the police search for any clue to his whereabouts and the army considers him awol , but he has stayed hidden and , though i know what is inside his head , i have no clue as to where he 's hiding . 
 i can only wait and see if he returns . 
 i 'll be ready . 
 he ca n't get within fifty feet of me without me knowing about it . 
 one of the benefits of connecting . 
 it 's also one of the drawbacks . 
 * * * `` i miss him , '' avril said . 
 i did n't know her father well . 
 what time i spent with him was mostly fearful and confrontational but i knew what she meant . 
 my father had been gone for a long time now , and even though he was still alive , i missed him too . 
 at least i might have the chance to see mine again . 
 avril 's was gone . 
 `` i know , '' i said . 
 `` i ca n't replace him , but i 'll be here for you to hold . '' 
 she smiled and i picked her up with my telekinesis and brought her to me . 
 she sat in my lap and leaned her head on my forehead , her arms wrapped around my neck . 
 `` you saved me , you know , '' i said . 
 `` jumping in front of me like that . 
 i have n't asked you , but why did you do that ? 
 it was crazy . '' 
 `` you have to ask ? '' 
 i pulled her in tight . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't . 
 i just wish you had n't done it . '' 
 `` so , you 'd rather be dead and free of me for good ? '' 
 she had a small smile on her lips . 
 even in all this turmoil , she found a way to stay positive . 
 i did n't know if i could . 
 `` no . 
 you 're twisting my words all around , '' i said . 
 `` then stop being all macho and stuff . 
 i 'm allowed to save you too . '' 
 `` but that 's it . 
 you 've saved me so many times already . 
 i 'd be some whacked out , circus freak show by now if not for you . '' 
 `` i 'd come watch , '' she said and i laughed in my head . 
 `` ` the boy who moves things with his mind . ' 
 i 'm sure i 'd be a big hit . '' 
 `` it 's something to fall back on . '' 
 `` what do you want to be when you grow up ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` your wife . '' 
 `` are you proposing to me ? '' 
 i joked . 
 `` no . 
 i 'll wait for you . '' 
 `` we 're kind of young to be talking like this . '' 
 `` i 'm not too young to know that we 're meant to be . 
 i know . 
 i have special powers now . '' 
 `` you do , do n't you ? 
 what else do these special powers show you ? '' 
 she kissed me on the face , softly , the warmth of her lips lingering on my skin , a feathery touch that sent tingling down my spine . 
 `` remember the naked dream ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i keep having it . '' 
 her eyes were shining bright spots in my vision , the pink hue of her aura shimmering along its edges , brighter than i 'd ever seen . 
 whenever it happens with us , the beauty of her color will be something i wo n't ever forget . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` you 've been seeing into my dreams ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` how does it make you feel ? '' 
 `` like i want to come into your room and pull you to me . '' 
 `` why do n't you ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` i will next time . '' 
 `` promise ? '' 
 `` cross my heart . '' 
 i held her in my lap until joey walked in and grinned at us . 
 `` interrupting something ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , '' avril answered for both of us . 
 `` i 'm just tired of my chair . 
 i 'm using him for a while . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i 'm sure he does n't complain . '' 
 she looked at me . 
 `` not yet , anyway . 
 how was work ? '' 
 `` crap , '' he said , tossing his tool belt on the floor and heading straight for the fridge . 
 a beer was open and to his lips within seconds . 
 mom walked in next . 
 she smiled at us both and walked over . 
 `` how are you , sweetheart ? '' 
 she asked avril , leaning over and giving her a kiss on the top of the head . 
 for all my mom 's faults , she had done avril right , and at that moment , i was proud of her and loved her more than anything . 
 `` i 'm good , mrs. d. '' `` getting out of that chair for a spell ? '' 
 `` uh huh . 
 linc 's much more comfortable . '' 
 she gave me a wink . 
 `` i bet . 
 do n't get too cozy . 
 you two are going to start worrying me . '' 
 avril wriggled just the tiniest bit in my lap and i squeezed her tighter . 
 i kept my thoughts to myself , hidden from mom . 
 she 'd probably freak . 
 mom put her purse on the chair and winked at her brother . 
 she was in a very good mood . 
 she pulled the bottle of vodka from the cupboard and poured a generous helping into a glass . 
 she added ice . 
 some things never changed . 
 `` i 've got some good news , '' she said . 
 i could already see it in her head , but i was n't going to spoil the surprise for joey . 
 `` i 'm sure the world is dying to know , sis . '' 
 joey said . 
 `` are n't you a party pooper , '' she said . 
 mom waited . 
 `` am i going to have to beg ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 `` spill it . '' 
 `` i got a promotion . '' 
 she beamed . 
 `` congrats , sis . 
 that 's great . '' 
 `` and a raise . '' 
 `` even better . 
 you can buy us all pizza tonight . '' 
 `` all right , '' she said , putting some dishes into the dishwasher without her usual complaint . 
 `` pizza it is . '' 
 `` i 'll have brown fluid in a tube , '' i said , and mom straightened up . 
 `` very funny . 
 i 'm sorry , linc . 
 i wish you could eat what we eat sometimes too . '' 
 `` but i save you money . '' 
 `` not really . 
 that liquid diet is kind of expensive . '' 
 so much for making me feel good . 
 avril touched the tube going into my nose . 
 `` i hardly even see this anymore , '' she said . 
 `` it 's a pain , '' i said . 
 `` it itches . '' 
 `` you never complain , '' mom said . 
 `` do you need it checked ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 `` i bet you get the runs from that stuff , '' joey said . 
 the tv was on and he was flipping through the re-runs . 
 `` joseph tyler allen , '' mom said , but i was laughing inside and avril was giggling in my lap . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said , grinning . 
 `` i 'm just saying . 
 it 's all liquid going in , it 's probably liquid coming out . '' 
 `` tell him it 's not , '' i said to avril . 
 `` i 'll save some for him next time . '' 
 she told him and he waved a hand at me . 
 `` not gon na happen . 
 i was just saying . '' 
 `` why are you in such rare form ? '' 
 mom asked joey . 
 `` my job is crap . '' 
 `` but it 's a job . 
 one that earns real money , not fake money . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 he drank his beer . 
 the doorbell rang and mom answered it giving joey a look . 
 it was tuck . 
 `` hello , tucker , '' mom said . 
 `` want to eat pizza with us tonight ? '' 
 `` heck yeah , '' he said . 
 `` consider yourself invited , '' mom said . 
 she was really in a good mood . 
 `` let 's throw the ball , '' tuck said to me . 
 `` tomorrow 's the big day . '' 
 `` you guys are gon na slay ` em , '' joey said . 
 `` i know it . 
 nobody can touch you two . 
 and it 's all because of uncle joey . '' 
 he seemed pretty proud of himself and i let him keep that feeling . 
 in a way , he was right and i owed him that much . 
 `` wan na catch with us ? '' 
 tuck asked . 
 joey looked at the beer in his hand and then set it down . 
 `` yeah . 
 i do . 
 let 's go . '' 
 i stood with avril in my arms and went to set her in the chair . 
 `` use your mind , man , '' joey said , looking at me . 
 `` i like it when you move her with your head . '' 
 i lifted her using my telekinesis and moved her to the chair . 
 joey grinned . 
 `` man that is awesome . 
 she 's floating on air . '' 
 avril grinned , enjoying the attention , and did a flourish and a bow when she was in the wheelchair . 
 we all clapped . 
 i stepped behind her and wheeled her out the door and down the ramp joey had built for her . 
 the day was hot , even this late in the afternoon , and i started to sweat immediately . 
 `` maybe i 'll just go back in and finish my beer , '' joey said . 
 `` come on , '' tuck said . 
 joey shrugged and we made our way over to the empty lot . 
 avril wanted to sit on the grass with the dogs so i lifted her up and set her gently down . 
 she squeezed my hand and i joined tuck and joey who were already viciously throwing the ball back and forth . 
 sometimes i think they tried to hurt each other . 
 i intercepted the ball and motioned for them to go long . 
 they both took off , but tuck out ran joey by a mile and i heaved it to him . 
 the pain was tolerable and i wiggled my fingers , loosening up the muscles in my forearm . 
 tuck threw it back and i caught it with one hand . 
 i used my power to do it and tuck yelled , `` cheater ! '' 
 `` you do n't say that when i 'm helping you catch the ball . '' 
 `` when do you help me catch the ball ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 `` what are you two talking about ? '' 
 joey asked . 
 `` he says he helps me catch the ball , '' tuck said . 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 tuck did not look happy . 
 `` you can do that ? '' 
 joey asked , out of breath . 
 i nodded . 
 `` show me . '' 
 i motioned with my hand and he jogged away . 
 i purposely threw the ball long and as he slowed , knowing he would n't make it , i pushed him with my mind and he staggered under the ball . 
 he dropped it , but he could have caught it if he had tried . 
 he started laughing . 
 `` you stopped , '' tuck said . 
 `` you would have caught it if you were trying . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i thought it was a lost cause . 
 then i felt this pressure around me and i was shoved forward faster than i could run . '' 
 `` i 've never felt that , '' tuck said . 
 `` you are n't helping me . 
 you just said that . '' 
 `` i 'm more subtle with you , '' i said . 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` that 's cheating . '' 
 `` no it 's not , '' joey said . 
 `` it 's a skill . 
 he should use it . '' 
 `` they 'll think we 're cheating , '' tuck said , looking pissed off now . 
 `` hey , '' i said . 
 `` i have n't used it very much with you . 
 hardly at all . 
 you 're still good at this . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 but i could tell he was discouraged . 
 i had n't meant to bring him down . 
 it was the truth . 
 i hardly used it at all with him . 
 `` i only used it to see if i could , '' i said . 
 `` you 're a great receiver all on your own . 
 i wo n't do it again . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 `` tuck , stop being so grumpy , '' avril said . 
 `` you need a girlfriend . '' 
 `` not the girlfriend crap again , '' tuck said . 
 avril smiled at him and waved . 
 `` she 's still weird , '' tuck said , but grinned anyway . 
 `` you love me , tucker conroy , '' avril said . 
 `` you wish . '' 
 she blew him a kiss . 
 he loved it . 
 we could all see . 
 he just would n't admit it to himself . 
 `` are you guys done with all the free love stuff ? '' 
 joey said . 
 `` i 'd like to try that again . '' 
 `` yeah , '' tuck said . 
 `` we 're done . 
 this time , just let it happen . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 joey took off . 
 i threw the ball long again and he leapt into the air where i carried him in a burst to the ball . 
 he caught it midair and landed softly on the ground . 
 he jumped up . 
 `` man ! 
 you even kept me from slamming into the turf . 
 you 've got to use that more . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 tuck said . 
 `` do n't . 
 they wo n't let us play if you do . '' 
 `` bullshit , '' joey said . 
 `` if they knew you could do that they 'd have to pick you for the team . 
 you 'd even be first string . 
 they 'd have to . '' 
 `` i wo n't do it anymore , '' i said . 
 tuck nodded . 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 joey asked , looking at tuck . 
 `` he 's not going to do it anymore . 
 he agrees with me . '' 
 `` dammit ! '' 
 joey spiked the ball on the grass . 
 `` i 'm telling you ... '' `` ` no , ' he says . 
 you 're not going to change his mind . '' 
 joey looked back and forth between the two of us and then threw up his hands . 
 `` whatever . 
 i 'm going back in . '' 
 he walked away and went inside . 
 tuck looked at me and then we both started laughing . 
 we walked over to where avril sat and joined her on the grass . 
 the dogs sat in our laps and tuck scratched hawkins ' ears . 
 `` good boy . 
 what a good dog . '' 
 i was about to tell avril that pepper was getting big when a tickling started up in the back of my head . 
 it spread quickly , a slithering , oily feeling that swelled as its owner grew closer . 
 avril felt it and turned to me , a look of surprise and fear in her eyes . 
 she grabbed my hand . 
 `` bret , '' she whispered . 
 tuck felt it too , now , and he and i stood . 
 `` where ? '' 
 he asked , looking around . 
 i did n't know . 
 that was one thing that i could n't do . 
 i could feel when a presence i had connected with was close , but i could n't narrow it down to a direction . 
 i spun on my heels and searched the area . 
 he was laughing and a thought of trees popped in there and i turned to our woods . 
 tuck did too . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 he yelled and started to run . 
 i followed . 
 `` linc , '' avril shouted . 
 `` be careful . '' 
 the fear in her mind was a living thing and i tried to calm her down . 
 but tuck and i were not going to be careful . 
 we might only get one shot at catching him . 
 as we burst into the woods , his laughter faded some and it felt as if he was running . 
 we ran down the path , but the feeling was only getting weaker . 
 as if he was fading away . 
 then avril screamed . 
 a high pitched , terror-filled scream as the dogs went crazy . 
 tuck and i doubled back and burst out of the woods . 
 bret 's voice was in my head . 
 `` you ca n't keep her by you all the time , freak , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll be back . '' 
 i could see him standing outside a car and the dogs were barking and growling at him , their own protectiveness for avril outweighing the fear that even they were feeling . 
 bret got back in the car and sped off , the greasy stench of his presence fading as well . 
 i ran to avril and she reached up for me . 
 i picked her up and held her tight . 
 she sobbed into my neck and held on like she 'd never let go . 
 `` he said i could n't hide forever . 
 he 'd get to me sooner or later . '' 
 `` no he wo n't , '' i said . 
 `` i wo n't let him . '' 
 `` but he 's right . 
 you ca n't be with me always . '' 
 `` yes i can . '' 
 she clung to me as i carried her home , tuck pushing the chair behind us . 
 chapter 2 big day tryouts were the next morning and joey took the day off to watch . 
 at the time , i did n't think it was such a great idea , but it was good to have him there just the same . 
 hopefully he 'd keep his comments to himself . 
 avril came too as did some of the other girls from school , all there to watch their boyfriends , and they came up to her and talked about the shooting and how she was . 
 she took it well , but i could tell she really was n't ready to talk about it with them . 
 she still did n't fit in with the cheerleaders and high school 's higher-ups , but she put on a good front . 
 she was still shook up from bret 's visit . 
 besides , she was there for me and that 's what she concentrated on . 
 coach danforth came up to tuck and me and looked us over . 
 `` glad you guys made it , '' he said . 
 `` you up for this , linc ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` you should see him , coach , '' tuck said . 
 `` we will soon enough , wo n't we ? '' 
 he left to get things organized with the other coaches and we suited up in practice pads and gear . 
 for some , it would be the only time they ever had the opportunity to wear the equipment . 
 i hoped it was n't my last . 
 there were a lot of good players here and some of the kids were pretty big . 
 tuck and i were only sophomores and it was unusual for our age to be playing with the varsity . 
 we 'd have to be at our best to make the team . 
 there was always junior varsity , but i had my heart set on playing with the big boys . 
 so did tuck . 
 i jogged over to avril and joey in the stands and leaned over the fence . 
 she touched my hand . 
 `` you can do this , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm proud of you . '' 
 `` what she said , '' joey said , and winked at me . 
 `` there 's no one out here with your talent . 
 you 've got this . '' 
 `` tuck too , '' avril said as i separated from her . 
 `` i 'll tell him . '' 
 i ran off to get started . 
 the morning was mainly drills and calisthenics , testing our basics and seeing if we were in shape or not . 
 tuck and i both performed well . 
 some of the bigger players pushed us around but we pushed back and they grinned at us and pointed . 
 `` you wait , '' one guy nicknamed bedlam said . 
 i 'd wait . 
 the defensive drills were a lot more fun than i expected even though i was an offensive kind of guy . 
 there 's just something about hitting and tackling another player that makes the game all worth while . 
 tuck really got into it and as a cornerback , he was devastating . 
 he knew what the receivers were thinking and could anticipate their moves a lot of the times . 
 he had two interceptions during drills and the coaches were talking about him . 
 `` maybe i should n't have done that , '' he said to me during a break . 
 `` but you were awesome . '' 
 `` i want to play wide receiver , though . '' 
 `` nothing wrong with a back-up plan . '' 
 he grinned at me then and i shoved him to the ground . 
 `` you have to work on staying on your feet though . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` what are you two pansies doing ? '' 
 said a big senior linebacker named chet fordham . 
 he stared at me through my helmet and even moved closer to see what i was all about . 
 `` that is one freaky face , '' he said , turning to tuck . 
 `` how does he talk ? '' 
 `` he does n't . 
 he has a pocket gadget he types into . '' 
 `` do you really think you can play this game ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 i nodded . 
 `` he can , '' tuck said . 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 `` i guess we will . 
 i 'm chet . 
 who are you guys ? '' 
 `` i 'm tuck . 
 this is linc . 
 or blank 's his nickname . '' 
 `` blank , huh ? 
 that would fit . 
 be careful . 
 football players do n't like weird and you 're definitely weird . 
 do n't get hurt . '' 
 `` got it , '' tuck said and we watched him jog off . 
 `` he seemed nice , '' i said . 
 `` yeah , right . 
 come on . 
 offense next . '' 
 the running backs and quarterbacks worked on hand off drills and i had no problems with it . 
 some of the players looked at me funny at first and mumbled under their breath , but when we got down to it , the game was the game and it did n't matter that i was faceless . 
 at least not until the throwing drills and then i pissed some people off . 
 tuck and i did our best to stay paired up for the passing portion and coach danforth even let that happen for the first half , but eventually i had to throw to other players and it took a bit to get them to do what i wanted . 
 tuck and i had gotten spoiled being able to talk to each other but if i was going to be able to do this , i had to learn to throw to anyone . 
 even rodney pace . 
 rodney was a senior this year and his attitude toward me had not changed one bit . 
 the senior quarterback who had replaced paul rose was a friend of his and they stuck together like glue . 
 almost the same as tuck and me . 
 rodney was pretty much on the team already , so his effort at catching my balls was pretty lame , to say the least . 
 there was another problem that i had n't foreseen and it reared its ugly head in front of the whole team . 
 i could n't audible the call . 
 the center , for purposes of the tryout , would hike the ball on the third audible , but of course i could n't talk . 
 the team grumbled . 
 `` what the hell , coach ? 
 he ca n't do this , '' the center said bent over the ball . 
 `` linc . 
 clap your hands three times as a signal , '' coach said . 
 `` thompson . 
 hike it on the third clap . 
 got it ? '' 
 at least the coach was on my side . 
 thompson shrugged and turned to me . 
 `` this is n't going to work , freak . 
 i ca n't believe this . '' 
 i clapped my hands three times and he hiked the ball . 
 tuck sprinted out from the line and cut inside . 
 i threw the ball like a bullet and it hit him in the numbers as the guy covering him moved in the opposite direction . 
 it was a perfect play and the grumbling seemed to stop after that . 
 `` that was lucky , '' thompson said . 
 i ignored him . 
 tuck lined up again on one side and rodney on the other . 
 thompson got the ball to me on the third clap again and tuck slanted his run inside and then broke to the sideline . 
 the ball left my hand before he made the break and he turned to catch it just as it arrived . 
 he ran out of bounds , the cornerback spinning in circles , unable to catch up . 
 i glanced at the coaches and they were huddled together . 
 thompson walked back to his position and nudged me . 
 `` what the hell do they call you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` linc , '' tuck said . 
 `` his name is linc . '' 
 `` i like blank , '' chet said coming over . 
 `` you 're not bad kid . 
 actually , you 're pretty good . '' 
 `` he 's a fucking freak , '' rodney said in the huddle . 
 `` throw it to me , freak . 
 let 's see if you can hit a real receiver . '' 
 `` you 'll just drop it on purpose , '' tuck said . 
 rodney shoved him . 
 `` shut the hell up conroy . 
 you 've been lucky . '' 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 `` let 's go , '' coach danforth yelled . 
 `` what 's the hold up ? '' 
 we broke for the line and got set . 
 rodney turned in to me and grinned . 
 tuck was on the other side and bounced on his toes , anxious for the ball . 
 on the third clap , the ball sailed high and i had to jump to snag it . 
 rodney took off straight down the sideline , heading for the end zone . 
 this was the toughest pass a quarterback could make . 
 it has to be spot on or it could be intercepted or sail out of bounds . 
 i let the energy build and waited a beat for him to get more separation from the corner . 
 he was fast . 
 the linebacker , chet , was coming for me and i heard him yell , `` throw it , blank . 
 i do n't want to hurt you . '' 
 i let the ball sail , the familiar pain shooting into my arm as the ball shot skyward , a nice tight spiral that looked dead on . 
 chet held up , pushing me a bit , but not really hitting me hard and he watched the ball fly , whistling . 
 rodney watched it come for him and really had no other choice . 
 it was a perfectly thrown ball and he could n't drop it . 
 it landed in his arms and he caught it deftly , running into the end zone . 
 a couple of the players raised their hands in celebration and i heard a few rumbles of excitement . 
 the coaches were talking to each other on the sideline . 
 the senior quarterback turned away . 
 rodney jogged back and tossed the ball to me . 
 `` that was lucky , '' he said , and jogged off . 
 tuck was grinning at me from inside his helmet . 
 `` one more , linc , '' coach danforth said and we lined up . 
 i could see bedlam on the defensive side . 
 his eyes never left me . 
 `` this one 's coming to you , tuck , '' i said . 
 he nodded . 
 the ball was hiked to me and tuck flew off the line , juked right and then left his corner in his wake . 
 he streaked straight for the end zone . 
 the left tackle on the line did n't even make an attempt to block and bedlam slipped past him , slamming into me just as the ball left my fingers . 
 he landed on top of me with his full weight and i saw stars . 
 a pain in my side matched the pain in my arm and i lost track of the ball . 
 i heard some cheers and when bedlam picked himself up i saw tuck in the end zone with the ball . 
 coach danforth ran out onto the field with the other coaches . 
 `` dammit bedlam . 
 what was that for ? '' 
 `` i 'm playing the game . '' 
 `` bullshit . 
 that was intentionally blatant . '' 
 coach looked down at me . 
 `` are you all right , linc ? '' 
 i nodded , but i was n't sure . 
 i stood slowly and pain jabbed into my side making me flinch . 
 i grabbed my ribs and the coach steadied me . 
 `` ribs ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded . 
 tuck ran up next to me . 
 `` that was perfect , '' he said . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` bedlam , '' i said . 
 `` we better get you x-rayed , '' coach said and the medical doctor took me by the arm and led me away . 
 coach laid into bedlam some more and then he whistled everybody back to work . 
 some of the players gave me a thumbs-up and slapped me on the shoulder pads . 
 `` good job . '' 
 `` nice work . '' 
 `` you 're pretty good . '' 
 rodney grinned as i walked by and waggled his fingers at me . 
 i felt like punching him in the face . 
 tuck was with me , but the coach called him back . 
 `` tucker , get back in the lineup . 
 they 'll take good care of him . 
 i want to see more of you . 
 let 's go . '' 
 tuck shrugged . 
 `` you 'll be all right , '' he said . 
 `` i will . 
 i 'm good . 
 show ` em up . '' 
 he grinned and ran off . 
 the x-rays were negative . 
 joey and avril found me in the medical office and were relieved to hear that i had n't broken anything . 
 `` bruised , '' the doctor pronounced . 
 `` stay off your feet for a few days and it will heal up . '' 
 there was no way i was going to do that . 
 i would be at practice just like everybody else . 
 if i made the team , that is . 
 the doc walked me back out and told coach danforth the news and he took me by the shoulder and told me to sit . 
 `` you 're done for the day . 
 i 've seen enough anyway . '' 
 i was n't sure what that meant , but i had no real choice . 
 bedlam came over , breathing hard and sweating . 
 he sat next to me and nudged me with his arm . 
 `` broken ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 he paused for a minute , studying me . 
 `` good , '' he finally said . 
 he stood up and went to the cooler . 
 the tryouts were over and now we waited for the phone calls . 
 it was out of our hands . 
 in the locker room , everybody was talking and goofing off , the mood light and full of hope . 
 a few of the seniors came up to me and told me i did a good job . 
 that meant a lot . 
 maybe i had a chance at this . 
 the ribs were sore as hell and i kept an ice pack on them during the drive home . 
 avril kept telling me how good we both were and joey said we were both shoe-ins . 
 `` if they do n't pick you for varsity , i have no idea what they want , '' he said . 
 `` we got this , '' tuck said . 
 tuck went home and we went in to a big welcome from kaylin and mom . 
 they had balloons and a cake , though i could n't eat it . 
 `` i have n't made the team , yet , '' i said . 
 `` but you tried , '' kaylin said . 
 `` and that 's all that matters . '' 
 `` not all , '' i said . 
 mom saw the ribs in my head and fluttered around me for a minute , her usual gloom and doom self , but i assured her everything was fine and that i was just sore . 
 `` go take a hot bath and it will feel better , '' she said . 
 `` i think i will , '' i said . 
 it did sound good . 
 in the tub , the muscles started to relax and i rubbed the ribs with my fingertips . 
 a tingling happened along my spine and i wondered just what the heck my body was doing now . 
 sometimes , this gift of mine had a mind of its own and that 's usually how i found out about some special talent i never knew i possessed . 
 i let it happen and was surprised by the result . 
 the fingertips that were touching my ribs began to vibrate slightly and i could feel the pulsations on my skin . 
 i placed my other hand on the opposite side of my body and those fingertips started the pulsation thing too . 
 i let it go , closing my mind to everything but the sensation and it grew into warmth and pressure that made the bruised ribs ache even more . 
 i almost stopped at that point , but for some reason let it continue . 
 the pressure built to almost unbearable pain , but i knew something was happening . 
 i heard a snap . 
 either it was in my head or in my ears , i 'm not sure , but the water in the tub vibrated rapidly and the pain in my ribs disappeared . 
 everything stopped . 
 i was breathing hard , wondering just what the hell happened , and then i pressed on my ribs . 
 the soreness was gone . 
 i pushed harder and it felt normal . 
 i twisted at my torso , back and forth , and there was no longer any pain . 
 `` what the hell did i just do ? '' 
 then it hit me . 
 if what i was thinking could happen , then everything would be good again . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 i jumped out of the tub , pulled the towel around me and ran downstairs . 
 everybody looked at me , water dripping from me onto the floor , but i hid what i was thinking just in case . 
 i did n't want to disappoint her . 
 avril knew something was up , though , and she wheeled over to me . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` you trust me , right ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` what the heck is going on ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 i waved a hand at her to be quiet . 
 `` this may seem weird . '' 
 i picked her up with my mind and pulled her to me so i could reach her . 
 i knew which vertebra was injured because they showed us all on the x-rays . 
 she was staring at me , a look of confusion on her face , but i told her to trust me again and she relaxed . 
 i put one hand on the small of her back , low , in a place that would normally be reserved for me in a more private setting . 
 she glanced at my mom and joey , and then smiled . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` wait , '' i said . 
 i put the other hand to the belt line of her jeans and rested it there . 
 she was looking deep into my soul , a question in her mind . 
 `` this is n't what it seems , okay ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` you 're going to freak out a little . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she said . 
 i slipped my fingers under the waistband of her jeans and down the front of her lower belly . 
 her skin was so smooth and she trembled at my touch . 
 if i did n't know what was about to happen , i would probably be embarrassed myself . 
 she grabbed my wrist to stop . 
 `` linc ? 
 no . '' 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 joey said , anger in his voice . 
 `` i do n't understand , linc . 
 that 's not appropriate , '' mom said , her voice telling me she had no idea what the hell i was doing . 
 `` everyone , shut up , '' i said and they all stopped . 
 they could hear the tone of my voice and knew i was serious . 
 joey got the gist of my meaning even though he had n't heard me . 
 avril searched my face . 
 a small smile on her lips and it was then i knew she would trust me . 
 she let go of my hand and i slid it lower . 
 just to the beginning of the small swell above her pelvis . 
 soft hairs tickled my fingers and i lost concentration for a moment . 
 if this did n't work , i had a hell of a lot of explaining to do . 
 she closed her eyes and let it happen . 
 the tingling built in my back and i felt it reach my fingertips . 
 her eyes flew open and she gasped . 
 kaylin did too . 
 she knew then what was happening . 
 `` oh linc , '' avril said , grabbing my arms and holding on tight . 
 my mind was a blank except for what i was feeling and i let the strength build , the fingertips low on her back and the fingertips in front vibrating at an incredible rate . 
 i could see it in her mind now ; a pain , starting small and then building in her back and radiating to her legs . 
 she trembled in my arms , a low moan escaping her lips and then i heard the snap . 
 mom , joey and kaylin must have heard it too because they all flinched . 
 kaylin made a small sound in her throat and then her mouth dropped open . 
 i let my mind free , the tingling leaving my fingertips as i pulled my hand free of her pants and slowly let her go . 
 she was standing . 
 she burst into tears as she looked down at herself , her legs holding her up , my mother shaking her head and crying herself . 
 kaylin smiled so big i thought her face would crack . 
 `` i 'll be damned , '' joey whispered . 
 i took a step back , standing there in my towel , water still dripping from my wet body . 
 `` try , '' i said . 
 she reached out her hand and i took it in mine , but i knew she did n't need me . 
 she lifted her foot and it came up off the ground and shuffled forward . 
 she took another step and started to cry even harder . 
 she lunged at me , wrapped her arms around my neck and sobbed into my chest . 
 mom , joey and kaylin rushed over and hugged us in a big circle of tears and laughter . 
 avril was back and it was the best feeling i had ever felt in my life . 
 the phone rang and joey broke from the group to answer it . 
 tuck and i made the team . 
 it was a night to celebrate . 
 for all of us . 
 * * * avril wanted to walk everywhere . 
 she got up early the next morning and climbed into bed with me . 
 she wrapped her arms around me from behind and whispered she loved me . 
 i turned to her and pulled her close and we lay like that for a while , just staring at each other . 
 finally , she jumped up and pulled me up with her . 
 `` come on , '' she said . 
 `` i want to go out and see the creek . '' 
 `` everybody 's still asleep . '' 
 `` i do n't care . 
 come with me . '' 
 we got dressed and walked hand in hand down the street , dew on the grass and the sun just coming up over the trees . 
 it was warm and felt good on my face . 
 she smiled continuously and almost skipped as we walked . 
 as we passed tuck 's house , the door flew open and he ran out in his t-shirt and boxers . 
 his hair was sticking up in clumps , but he looked wide awake and excited . 
 he ran up to avril and grabbed her by the arms as she beamed up at him . 
 he looked her up and down , his mouth hanging open , and then he laughed . 
 a joyous giggle that came from somewhere deep inside him . 
 she nodded her head and he pulled her to him and hugged her tight . 
 finally he spoke . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 he asked , still looking her up and down . 
 `` linc fixed me , '' she said , turning to me . 
 `` he did something with his fingers and i could walk . '' 
 tuck watched the memory of it play out in our heads and he actually blushed , his face darkening . 
 `` you were kinda low , bro , '' he said . 
 avril nodded and then leaned into me . 
 `` i did n't mind . '' 
 `` i bet . '' 
 `` come on , '' i said . 
 `` it was n't like that . '' 
 `` still , it 's amazing . 
 it 's like a miracle . '' 
 she nodded and a tear sprang to the corner of her eye . 
 she wiped it away quickly , her face still glowing from her gratitude at it all , and her aura shining all around her . 
 `` he healed me , '' she said . 
 `` i just sped it up a little , '' i said . 
 `` at least that 's what i think . 
 i really do n't know what it is . 
 but i 'm not second guessing it . 
 it just happened . '' 
 `` if i break something , i 'm coming to you instead of the er , '' tuck said . 
 `` i 'd go to the er . 
 i 'm not a healer . '' 
 `` you 're something , that 's for sure . '' 
 i did n't know if i liked this . 
 the thing i did with avril was for her . 
 it was n't some mind trip or ego thing for me , i really did n't even think of me . 
 it was for her and that was all . 
 `` we 're going to the creek , '' avril said . 
 `` wan na come ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm going back to bed . 
 i was having a dream that you were walking and i woke up . 
 here you are . 
 pretty damn cool . '' 
 `` pretty damn cool , '' she said . 
 he turned to go . 
 `` do n't fall in . '' 
 she watched him go and then shouted out to him . 
 `` cute underwear . '' 
 he turned back and grinned . 
 `` it 's not underwear . 
 they 're shorts . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 he ran to the door and slammed it behind him . 
 at the creek , she climbed the log and just stood at the top , looking all around . 
 the birds were pretty raucous this morning , singing and flitting around in the tops of the trees , tiny specs of color that moved around like fireflies in my vision . 
 she finally sat and pulled me down next to her . 
 `` i know what i want to be , now , '' she said . 
 `` what happened to mrs. delabar ? '' 
 i joked . 
 she smiled . 
 `` nothing . 
 i still want that more than anything . 
 but for me , i want to be a nurse . '' 
 `` that 's pretty cool . 
 you 'd be good at it . '' 
 `` what do you want to do , linc ? '' 
 i had n't thought about it . 
 i guess i was supposed to have some idea , but i really did n't . 
 i think i was waiting for some great thing to happen that would point me in the right direction . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 what do you think i should do ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to tell you . 
 you need to find that for yourself . 
 it 's all about you . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i know . 
 i just do n't have a clue . 
 i could be a doctor and you could be the nurse ? '' 
 `` you 're just saying that because i said it . '' 
 `` i like football . '' 
 `` and you 're really good . '' 
 `` it 's weird , '' i said . 
 `` i have n't really thought about playing it professionally . 
 it just sounds like too much glitz and not enough of the sport . 
 i would n't like all of that . '' 
 `` you could make it anything you want . 
 do n't fall for all that stuff . 
 just be you . '' 
 i nodded . 
 it was still a long way away and i did n't want to think about it yet . 
 `` hey , '' i said . 
 `` let 's go look at the pot farm again . '' 
 i stood up . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it just looks so out of place in the woods . 
 i want to see if it 's still there . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i helped her up and we jumped down off the log . 
 she held my hand as we weaved through the path and came up to the clearing . 
 we stood at the edge and looked out . 
 the plants were still there , all lined up in neat rows . 
 they had gotten bigger . 
 i was about to step out of the tree line when avril grabbed my arm and pulled me back . 
 i looked . 
 two men were coming out of the woods opposite of us and when they looked up , they saw us . 
 `` oh shit , '' i said . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 one yelled and started our way . 
 `` can you run ? '' 
 i asked avril . 
 she nodded . 
 we ran . 
 we could hear them crashing through the woods behind us , shouting for us to stop , but i pulled avril by the hand behind me and we ran as fast as we could . 
 she was struggling and the men were gaining . 
 `` do you want me to carry you ? '' 
 i said . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 i turned off the path into a dense section of the woods , toward what i thought was our neighborhood and she followed . 
 the bushes and branches tore at our clothes and hair , but i pushed through . 
 i could see a break in front of me . 
 then i tripped . 
 avril crashed down on top of me , breathing hard , and we looked at what made us fall . 
 it was a mound of dirt , rounded on top with leaves and twigs covering it as if trying to camouflage it . 
 a tingling feeling came over my hands as they propped me up on the mound and then a vision flashed into my head . 
 a man 's face i recognized floated in front of my sight , grinning , a gun pointed at me . 
 then it went off , loud in my head , and i flinched . 
 the vision vanished . 
 avril gasped , put her hand to her mouth and looked down at the dirt underneath us . 
 she had seen what i had and she rolled off of me and crawled away on her hands and knees , a look of pure terror on her face . 
 i stared at the soft , loose dirt beneath my hands and knees and tried to feel that sensation again . 
 it would not come . 
 the sound of the men chasing us moved off into the distance and i knew we were safe from them . 
 avril sat in the bushes , crying , the horror of her life expanding and growing , the legacy of her family a never-ending surprise of grief and fear . 
 the soft earth beneath begged to be uncovered . 
 it wanted to be found and it wanted me to know . 
 beneath the earth something was buried and it called to me on its own . 
 bret had buried her and she wanted me to know . 
 her name was coleen and her life had ended right here . 
 chapter 3 coleen the police dug her up and carried her away . 
 in small plastic bags and brown cardboard boxes . 
 she had been there a while . 
 more than three years . 
 the whole neighborhood stood around and watched , the police cruisers and evidence vans and ambulances and coroner vehicles all clogging the street as they exhumed coleen dyson from her grave hidden in the woods . 
 i knew her full name now . 
 avril had told me . 
 she recognized her as the girl from bret 's past . 
 the one who had disappeared the night he killed their mother . 
 it was a name she would never forget and when the vision had popped into my head , the name with it , everything fell into place in avril 's mind with an audible click . 
 she had liked coleen and now she knew what happened . 
 the only problem we were having was convincing the police that we were not involved . 
 they could n't understand how we would know such a thing . 
 my mother was not helping . 
 the detective who showed up about an hour after the body was discovered was now in charge . 
 his name was tate and he was pretty young for a detective . 
 his long hair and stooped shoulders made him look like a college student more than a police officer , but his questions and natural suspicious nature did not . 
 he did n't like me . 
 ever since the incident with avril 's brother . 
 he had been the investigating officer on that one too and since they were still actively pursuing bret , he remained aggressive in his tactics . 
 what did n't make sense to him was how we knew she was there and who it was buried in the ground . 
 `` let me get this straight , '' he said . 
 `` you two were strolling through the woods at dawn , when you stumbled on a mound of dirt and leaves and you just knew it was the hidden grave of coleen dyson ? '' 
 `` i do n't like your tone , detective , '' my mother said . 
 she was really pissed as this was her first day in her new position and she was already late . 
 `` it sounds like you 're accusing my son of something . '' 
 `` i just want to understand , '' tate said . 
 `` it does n't add up . '' 
 `` what does n't add up ? 
 they found a girl that you have n't been able to find for three years and you 're going to give them a hard time ? 
 you should be giving them a reward or something . '' 
 `` mom , '' i said . 
 she glared at me . 
 `` let me explain to him . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm trying to do , '' she said . 
 `` i think you 're making it worse . '' 
 `` fine , '' she said and crossed her arms in front of her chest . 
 she was thinking she needed a drink . 
 tate looked back and forth between us , a confused look on his face as he had heard only one side of our conversation . 
 avril helped him understand . 
 `` he uses telepathy , '' she said . 
 `` he can hear us and talk to us in his head . 
 that 's what they were just doing . '' 
 tate seemed to soften at avril 's voice . 
 it was difficult not to . 
 she was a trusting person and the air and aura she broadcast made it difficult for anyone not to take her at her word . 
 but he still did n't understand , so she tried to explain . 
 `` when we tripped on the mound of dirt , coleen must have pushed this vision into his head . 
 he does n't know how , he just knows it happened and i could see it too because we 're connected . '' 
 `` a dead girl sent you a vision ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` he does n't know how ? 
 you 're connected ? 
 what does that all mean ? 
 i 'm supposed to believe that the dead talk to him ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i do . 
 how else would he know ? '' 
 `` because he had something to do with it . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 my mother shouted . 
 `` you 're an idiot . '' 
 avril remained calm . 
 `` how could that be , detective ? 
 he would only have been eleven or twelve at the time . 
 and he did n't know me or my family then . '' 
 `` he saw it happen and has been covering it up all this time . 
 finally , he could n't stand it any longer , the guilt of what he was hiding getting to him , and he dragged you along for a stroll in the woods and pretended to stumble on her long lost grave . 
 how about that for a reason ? '' 
 `` that does n't make sense to any of us , '' avril said , pointing to mom and tuck and my sister , who were all standing around . 
 `` he could n't hide that from us . 
 our minds are open to each other and we do n't hide things . '' 
 `` do n't or ca n't ? 
 wait . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm buying into this crap . 
 he needs to come down and answer some questions . '' 
 `` and how is he supposed to do that ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 `` he does n't talk . '' 
 `` he has his computer . 
 i remember that much . '' 
 `` let me show him , '' i interrupted . 
 avril looked at me . 
 `` he wants to show you , detective . '' 
 tate stopped and looked between avril and me . 
 `` he said he can show you . 
 in your mind , if you 'll let him . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` how ? '' 
 tate asked , a guarded tone in his voice . 
 `` he puts his fingers to your face and you 'll be able to see what he sees , '' avril said . 
 `` no , '' tate said . 
 `` why not ? 
 it will help you understand . '' 
 `` no it wo n't . 
 we 're doing this my way and nothing is going to change that . 
 got it ? 
 he 's going to the station with us and his mother will accompany him . '' 
 `` do n't you need me there too ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 tate seemed to mull this over for a second . 
 he turned to the patrolman who was standing there with us and said , `` bring her too . '' 
 the patrolman shrugged . 
 he did n't seem to share tate 's enthusiasm for bringing us in . 
 all three of us rode in the back of the police car and if i had n't been irritated at all of this , my first ride in one would probably have been pretty cool . 
 `` linc , i do n't understand something , '' avril said in my head . 
 mom turned and watched us . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` if you connected with my brother , why did n't you see this then ? 
 if you know everything that the person has ever known why would n't this be in your head from that day ? '' 
 i wondered that sometimes . 
 it was a thing that i was n't sure i understood , but i tried to explain it to her the way i thought it happened . 
 `` everything pours into me like a dump truck unloading all at once . 
 i see bits and pieces of their life , your life , mom 's life , just as they lived it , but it 's too much to absorb at once . 
 then things will surface from time to time all on their own , sometimes without warning . 
 bubbling up from the memories in my head , even though it 's their memories . 
 it 's in there , all of it . 
 i just do n't have the capacity to see it all at once . 
 that 's why i could n't see what you did n't want me to see with your brother and mother . 
 it was there , just buried , but when you let me view it again , it was like ` ah , now i remember . ' 
 that kind of thing . '' 
 `` but the dead girl . 
 she sent you the vision . 
 that 's never happened before . '' 
 `` i know . 
 and i 'm guessing about this . 
 i think tate is right . 
 i ca n't talk to dead people . 
 but we all have a vibration , an energy , a kind of electrical activity that encompasses our whole being . 
 that 's how i see . 
 i can interpret that electricity that every living thing has . 
 when she died , some of that energy remained with her . 
 and when my hands found that energy buried in the earth , it recognized it as something from my memory . 
 bret 's memory buried in mine . 
 it caused things to bubble up and that 's what the vision was . '' 
 she nodded . 
 my mom looked confused but did n't say anything . 
 `` but the vision you saw was from her perspective . 
 like you were watching it through her eyes . '' 
 avril said . 
 `` that 's what 's bothering me , '' i said . 
 `` i 've never met coleen dyson , but i have that memory in my mind as if i have . '' 
 at the police station , mom 's anger at missing her first day as manager continued to show and her impatience at the clay county sheriff 's office did little to help my cause . 
 they separated avril and me and since mom was avril 's legal guardian , she had to be present at both of our questionings . 
 detective tate advised us we could have a lawyer appointed by the court , but mom declined . 
 `` this whole thing is a waste of time . 
 i want to speak with the sheriff . 
 you people are incompetent . '' 
 tate ignored her and went through everything with me again , but uncovered no new information . 
 what they did n't know was the rooms they put us both in were right next to each other and avril and i could still talk . 
 sometimes telepathy was pretty damn cool . 
 they were easier on her , not really pressuring her at all , just going over what i had said and seeing if they received the same response from her . 
 they did . 
 we made sure of that . 
 when it was over , we sat in the station waiting on some paperwork so we could go . 
 an older couple came in , the woman in tears , and they both stared at avril and me as if we were the enemy . 
 after a few minutes it was apparent that these were coleen dyson 's parents . 
 they spoke with tate and another detective for a few minutes , him indicating us with his eyes and the mother watching me with sadness on her face that was hard to bear . 
 avril leaned against me and put her head on my shoulder . 
 it was difficult to imagine what they were going through . 
 i was surprised when they were allowed to walk over . 
 the father was short , stooped , but with big hands and arms . 
 the scowl on his face seemed permanently fixed and he watched me like i was the plague incarnate . 
 the woman was his same height . 
 graying hair done up at a salon and makeup that had begun to smear and run from her tears . 
 her stare softened at avril 's appearance and then she looked to me with a curiosity and wonder that made me feel uncomfortable . 
 `` you 're linc ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded , took out my computer and typed . 
 `` hello . '' 
 she read it and looked to my mother who sat quietly , a tension about her that now showed in her mind . 
 a mother to a mother , only mom had not experienced what this woman had and it left her feeling empty and afraid . 
 she remained silent for the moment . 
 `` we 're coleen 's parents . 
 they said we could talk with you . '' 
 i glanced at tate and he was watching us . 
 i could n't help but think that this was all planned . 
 i nodded again and avril introduced herself . 
 `` did you know coleen ? '' 
 mrs. dyson asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` only a little bit , '' avril said . 
 `` she was seeing my brother . '' 
 she said this with such shame in her voice , that the dysons both sensed it . 
 i was n't sure what tate had told them , but i got the feeling they knew about bret swann . 
 the father confirmed my suspicion . 
 `` bret , '' he said . 
 the name was spat from his lips as if poison . 
 avril slowly nodded her head . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i did n't like him from the beginning , '' mr. dyson said . 
 `` he seemed bad all the way through . '' 
 none of us knew what to say to that , so we remained quiet . 
 `` they told us you found our coleen . 
 i wanted to thank you , '' mrs. dyson said . 
 mr. dyson was n't so gracious . 
 `` how did you know she was there ? '' 
 he asked , abruptly . 
 `` linc senses things , '' avril explained . 
 `` he felt her when we stumbled over her -- uh -- grave . 
 we called the police right away . '' 
 the woman stared at me , a question in her eyes i could only guess at . 
 `` that does n't make sense , '' mr. dyson said . 
 `` you two know something you 're not telling . 
 i want to know what it is . '' 
 he jabbed a thick finger at me . 
 `` did you have something to do with this ? '' 
 i shook my head and avril spoke . 
 `` we know it does n't make sense to you . 
 but neither linc nor i would ever do anything to hurt anyone . '' 
 `` you 're the blood of that boy , '' mr. dyson said . 
 `` i 'm sure it runs in your family . '' 
 avril 's eyes filled with tears and a sliver of anger grew inside me . 
 my mother was feeling it too . 
 `` listen , '' mom said . 
 `` i 've had about enough of everyone accusing my boy of something he had nothing to do with . 
 if it had n't been for him , she would never have been found . 
 i 'm sorry for your loss . 
 i know i ca n't imagine how that must feel , but linc did nothing . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' mr. dyson said . 
 mrs. dyson put a hand on her husband 's arm and he flinched a bit . 
 the scowl grew on his face and he quieted . 
 `` we just want to understand , '' mrs. dyson said . 
 `` i do n't understand how you could know . 
 the detective said coleen talked to you . 
 that you claim she talked to you . '' 
 her voice broke and her eyes welled with tears again . 
 `` nonsense , '' mr. dyson said , but grew quiet again when his wife squeezed his arm . 
 i nodded slowly , her eyes never leaving my face . 
 she leaned closer and i could see mr. dyson wanting to pull her back . 
 `` please , '' she said . 
 `` tell me what she said . '' 
 `` he can show you , '' avril said , quietly . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` it 's too much for her . '' 
 avril turned to me . 
 `` she needs to see . '' 
 `` you really think i should share her daughter 's last vision with her ? 
 bret 's leering face and the gun going off ? 
 it would be too much . '' 
 avril agreed then and lowered her head , her own tears now streaming from her face . 
 `` please , '' mrs. dyson said . 
 `` i have to know . '' 
 `` no , '' my mother said . 
 `` it 's too much . 
 no parent should know what he saw . 
 take my word for it , you do n't want to see . '' 
 mrs. dyson stared at my mother , the burden of not knowing weighing her down . 
 a thing so great she carried all these months that i wondered if seeing would be better than not seeing . 
 she turned back to me , searching my face . 
 her hand reached out to touch mine and i took it and held it tight . 
 her fingers were as cold as ice . 
 `` i do n't know what to do , '' i said to avril . 
 she looked up at me . 
 `` she deserves to know . 
 show her . '' 
 i nodded . 
 avril turned to mrs. dyson . 
 `` are you sure you want to see ? '' 
 she nodded her head slowly , the fear she felt clearly on her face , but also something else . 
 resolve . 
 a thing she knew she must bear if she was to have peace . 
 to know for sure that this was not all some joke , however sick it may seem . 
 `` stop this , delores , '' mr. dyson said . 
 she ignored her husband and pleaded with me . 
 i showed her . 
 my fingers gently on her face , her eyes closed and her mouth set in a thin line . 
 i sent her the thing that she needed the most and scarred her for life . 
 it was a brutal and loving thing i did . 
 i gave her peace in a way that brought her torment . 
 to this day , i still do n't know if i did the right thing . 
 she gasped , her legs giving out as her husband bore her up . 
 she cried out then , her eyes opening and staring at me sitting in front of her . 
 `` help ! '' 
 mr. dyson yelled . 
 `` someone get this freak away from us . '' 
 i ignored him , and soothed mrs. dyson 's tortured soul . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said to her . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 she buried her face in her husband 's chest as he carried her away from me , my fingers slipping from her , tate and another officer hurrying over . 
 they had seen the whole thing and he looked at me with a question in his eyes . 
 they comforted mrs. dyson as her husband helped her out of the station , one officer remaining by me as if to restrain me from harming her further . 
 avril cried softly next to me and my mother held her tight , joining her with her own tears . 
 mrs. dyson had seen . 
 she knew what i knew and she had forgiven me . 
 after they were gone , tate came up and stood in front of me . 
 he glanced at the officer sitting next to me , my mother , avril , and then his gaze settled on me . 
 i waited . 
 `` show me , '' he said , finally . 
 i showed him . 
 * * * we were released immediately after the vision blasted into tate 's mind . 
 he actually apologized for the inconvenience . 
 he said he would be in touch and his eyes followed me as we left the station . 
 mom took us home , hugged avril once more and then went to try and make something of the rest of the day . 
 in her mind i saw her desire to gulp down a whole glass of vodka before she left , but she pushed it away . 
 at least she knew better than that . 
 bret was still out there , tate and his officers no closer to catching him , though they had multiple counts of rape and murder to hang on him when they did . 
 i wondered how long he could stay hidden . 
 avril and i walked back to the site with the dogs , the police tape still up around the area but the cars and evidence vans gone . 
 the neighborhood was quiet now , the grass and woods a trampled mess . 
 we just stared at it for a while , pepper and hawkins sniffing around the mounds of dirt . 
 sadie and jayne kept their distance . 
 tuck came up and stood next to us . 
 `` fun at the station ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` sure , '' i said . 
 he searched my head , saw , and sighed next to me . 
 `` she needed to see , '' he said . 
 `` you did the right thing . '' 
 i turned to him and studied his profile . 
 i wondered if he really meant that . 
 would he have done the same ? 
 probably not . 
 avril tugged on my hand with just her fingers , a gentle nudge , and when i turned she was smiling . 
 `` i want ice cream , '' she said . 
 tuck turned to me , then back at her and we all started laughing . 
 i guess the tension needed breaking and she was always good at seeing to it . 
 `` let 's go , '' i said . 
 `` we 're walking , right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 i was pretty sure we would be doing a lot of walking from now on . 
 i did n't blame her or complain one bit . 
 we grabbed kaylin on the way by the house and the whole lot of us , dogs and all , invaded the ice cream shop that sat in the middle of the strip mall at the neighborhood entrance . 
 i watched them all eat , not really minding at all , and we laughed and joked about anything but dead people . 
 the dogs waited outside , of course . 
 on the way back , rodney pace drove past us in his new used car and stared as he drove by . 
 then he stopped and backed up , putting the open passenger window next to tuck who was on the outside of our small group . 
 we did n't stop , so he kept pace with us as we walked . 
 `` hey , '' he said . 
 `` she 's walking . '' 
 `` i am , '' avril said , smiling despite the fact it was rodney . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` i got better . '' 
 `` overnight ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` she did , '' tuck said , as if his testimony would make it more believable . 
 rodney stared at her as she moved and then drove off . 
 `` wonder what that was all about ? '' 
 kaylin asked . 
 `` who knows , '' tuck said . 
 `` ca n't believe that guy did n't get sent to juvie too . 
 he was there , right linc ? 
 when you got beat with the bat ? 
 `` yes . 
 the others went to jail for the attempted rape , '' i said , glancing at kaylin who had grown quiet . 
 `` he was n't there for that . '' 
 `` you should have pressed charges . '' 
 `` they would n't believe me . '' 
 `` they would now . '' 
 maybe , i thought . 
 but that was all water under the bridge . 
 rodney had mostly behaved since then , and i still did n't know if he participated or was just standing there . 
 andy , who was long gone in a mental ward , was the one who did all the damage . 
 he had paid for his actions . 
 and more . 
 `` paul was behind it all . 
 and he 's in jail . '' 
 `` if you call juvie jail , '' tuck said . 
 `` i heard they get out when they turn eighteen . '' 
 i stopped . 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 `` no . 
 juvie is for juveniles . 
 when they become adults the slate is wiped clean . 
 so to speak . '' 
 kaylin grabbed my arm . 
 `` he turns eighteen in three days , '' she said . 
 `` what about brian ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` brian 's only sixteen , '' kaylin said . 
 as i stood there in the street , that now familiar tingling started up in my hands and i held them up in front of me , wondering what was happening . 
 avril noticed and stood closer to me . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 a vision slammed into my head then . 
 it struck with brutal force and i sagged to my knees , my hands vibrating and my arms lit with a red light . 
 `` linc ! '' 
 avril shouted , but it sounded so far away ; a distant call that i barely heard . 
 what i was seeing was the inside of a dark car . 
 a familiar silhouette outlined in the driver 's seat from behind . 
 a girl 's voice pleaded as the silhouette turned and i recognized bret 's profile . 
 he was leering toward me in the back seat . 
 `` i 'm next , '' he said . 
 then the sight of the vision turned and i saw someone beneath me , but in the shadows . 
 the moans of the girl and her pleading continued as laughter filled my ears . 
 then the vision was sucked from my head like a vacuum , a rushing sound as it pulled away . 
 i found myself on my knees , avril kneeling in front of me , kaylin and tuck leaning over me . 
 i was shaking . 
 avril grabbed my face and pulled me to her . 
 `` i saw it , '' she said . 
 `` i saw . '' 
 `` we all did , '' tuck said . 
 `` damn . 
 that was freaky . '' 
 `` why did that happen now ? '' 
 i asked no one . 
 `` a memory ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` bubbling up ? '' 
 `` i guess , but what triggered it ? 
 i 've never had one come on so violently before . '' 
 `` coleen 's visions are pretty intense . 
 i 'm sure they were terrifying to her . '' 
 `` i still do n't know how i 'm getting her memories , '' i said . 
 `` it does n't make sense . '' 
 `` maybe she is talking to you from the grave , '' tuck said . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` she was being raped , i think , '' tuck said , quietly . 
 `` but by who ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` my brother was driving . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 i stood , a little shaky still , but i knew i could walk . 
 we had only taken a few steps when joey pulled up in his truck . 
 `` you guys want a ride ? '' 
 he asked . 
 we piled in the back bed and he drove us the rest of the way home . 
 i know avril wanted to walk , but she knew i was shaky . 
 she was always thinking of me . 
 tuck headed home while the dogs and all the rest of us went inside our house . 
 joey went straight for the fridge and listened to kaylin and avril tell him about the excitement for the day . 
 `` she was buried right here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` up the street . 
 in the woods , '' kaylin said . 
 he made a face and sat down in the recliner . 
 `` that 's pretty freaky , '' he said . 
 `` all this time , she 's been buried right there and no one knew . 
 do n't you guys go into those woods to a creek or something ? '' 
 `` yes , '' avril said , sadness in her voice . 
 `` it was a special place . 
 it was quiet and did n't smell like rubber . '' 
 `` i guess it wo n't be so special now , huh ? '' 
 avril looked up at me and then came over and sat in my lap . 
 i held her , running my fingers through her soft hair . 
 it seemed to make her feel better . 
 `` i wo n't let it ruin our place , '' i said in her head . 
 `` it 's already ruined . '' 
 and maybe she was right . 
 chapter 4 football and the halls of higher learning first day of football practice was exciting . 
 i found myself up before dawn , restless and eager , so i slipped out of the house and walked with the dogs as the sun came up . 
 i glanced up at tuck 's window as we passed and saw his light on as well . 
 guess he was ready to go too . 
 when i got back to the house , avril was up and eating a bowl of cereal . 
 she smiled at me and scratched pepper 's spotted head as i sat across from her at the table . 
 she reached for my hand and i grasped hers in mine , her warmth the best start to my day . 
 `` did you sleep okay ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 i just woke up early and could n't go back to sleep . 
 tuck 's up too . 
 i saw his light on . '' 
 `` you two are funny . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm just ready . '' 
 `` you 'll be great . '' 
 she spooned more of the cereal into her mouth and watched me with those beautiful eyes . 
 i wondered how i could be so lucky . 
 `` we 're meant to be , '' she said . 
 `` it 's not luck . '' 
 i laughed in my head . 
 sometimes even i forgot that all my thoughts were there for her to see . 
 `` my life would be such a wreck without you here . 
 none of this would be . '' 
 she thought about that . 
 `` true , but i 'm the same . 
 i 'd still be in that chair if it was n't for you . '' 
 `` you would n't have been in the chair in the first place if it had n't been for me . '' 
 `` yeah , '' she said , a solemn look on her face . 
 `` i might be worse . 
 you could be listening to my voice from some secret grave in the woods . '' 
 `` do n't say that . '' 
 `` bret would n't be any different with or without you here . '' 
 i nodded . 
 that was the truth . 
 the guy was evil all the way through and i wondered how he and his sister could be so different . 
 `` hey , '' she said softly . 
 `` enough . 
 i do n't want to spoil this day thinking of my stupid family . '' 
 she smiled , got up and came to me , sitting in my lap . 
 `` as you wish , '' i said . 
 i pulled her close , the scent of her stirring feelings in me that were surfacing more and more . 
 she sensed them too and put her hands to the back of my neck , her fingers running through my hair . 
 she kissed me , her warm , soft lips tingling on my skin and it was almost as if i could taste her . 
 a sweetness that i longed for and knew i could never have . 
 she pulled back , caressed my face and then put her forehead against mine . 
 `` we need a place away from all these people , '' she whispered . 
 i nodded , her breath warm and feathery on my skin . 
 i pulled her closer to me and pressed her whole body against mine . 
 she smiled . 
 `` you better stop that , '' she said , teasing me . 
 `` i do n't want to . '' 
 `` i do n't want you to also , but i do n't trust myself . '' 
 `` trust me , then . '' 
 she searched my eyes , the eyes only she could see and kissed me once more . 
 the feeling was different . 
 as if i could kiss her back . 
 i did n't want to let her go . 
 she pulled back , a surprised look on her face . 
 `` i felt you , '' she said . 
 she put her fingertips to where my lips would be and i could feel her fingers on my skin , tracing the outline . 
 `` it was as if i was kissing your lips . '' 
 she smiled and closed her eyes , her lips finding the spot she had before and this wave of tingling swept through my whole body . 
 i could feel her lips on mine . 
 the sensation something so new and wonderful , i did n't want it to end . 
 i do n't know how we were creating this , but the mouth i did n't have was somehow there for us together . 
 if only in our imagination . 
 but it felt like so much more . 
 it felt real . 
 tuck burst in through the front door , his pads in his hands and sadie wagging her tail next to him . 
 `` you guys are gross , '' he said . 
 `` come on . 
 we have to go . '' 
 i looked at the clock and had n't realized how much time had passed . 
 `` we 're trying that more later , '' i said , picking her up in my arms . 
 `` as you wish , '' she said and hugged me tight . 
 i put her down and grabbed my gear . 
 `` be careful , '' she called to me . 
 `` i do n't think that 's possible , '' i said . 
 `` i have to ask . '' 
 i waved and we jumped into tuck 's mom 's car . 
 `` hi , linc , '' she said . 
 `` ready for today ? '' 
 i nodded to her in the mirror and she smiled . 
 tuck kept staring at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i finally asked . 
 `` are you going to be able to concentrate on football today ? 
 or her ? '' 
 `` she 's important to me . '' 
 `` so 's football . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 do n't worry about me . '' 
 `` she 's great , i know , but you need to focus . '' 
 `` yes , dad , '' i said . 
 `` seriously . '' 
 `` seriously . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 he was n't going to bring me down and though he could n't see it , she elevated my game . 
 made me want to be better than i was . 
 if he had someone like her he 'd see that too . 
 in the locker room , the rookies , us , had the typical jokes played on us and we suffered through all the menial tasks like collecting towels and picking up trash , but it was all good . 
 normal stuff and it made me feel like i belonged . 
 tuck was there with me most of the time , to translate to the players and coaches and we soon developed a system that made it possible to just leave my computer at home . 
 hard to play with it anyway . 
 the first day was mostly fitness . 
 we did lots of running , stretching , sprints , and ball carrying drills . 
 everyone did them , even the big offensive linemen and the defensive players . 
 the summer heat in august was something we had to contend with in florida and the coaches made sure we drank at least every twenty to thirty minutes , but there were always some players who ended up dehydrated that first week . 
 one of them was me . 
 the feeding tube in my stomach gave me my nutrition and some fluid for the day , but since i had no mouth , i was somewhat ignored by the medical staff . 
 it did n't occur to me either , because i 'd never had an issue with it before . 
 when my legs started cramping and a wave of dizziness hit me , i suddenly found myself on the turf , wondering how the hell i got down there . 
 the doc ran over and hovered over me as the players chuckled around me . 
 `` blank 's the first , '' they chanted . 
 `` blank 's the first . '' 
 it was a tradition to tease the first guy out on the turf , but it was also a symbol of respect . 
 they knew i was working hard or else i would n't be sweating this much . 
 tuck came over to translate for me . 
 `` we need to get fluid into him throughout the day , '' the doctor said . 
 `` this feeding tube , i need to evaluate it . '' 
 i nodded . 
 he found the port buried in my uniform and looked it over . 
 he called one of his staff over and told them to start an i.v. on me and they got that going right there on the grass . 
 i could feel the cool liquid slipping into my veins and the dizziness and cramping faded as the minutes passed . 
 they found a large syringe and rigged it with a port of its own that would attach to the port on my feeding tube and pumped red sports drink into me through the syringe . 
 `` not too much , '' i told tuck . 
 `` i 'll puke if you give me too much . '' 
 `` he says not too much . 
 it will make him puke if you fill him up too much , '' tuck told them . 
 `` we 'll give you a small amount every fifteen minutes then , '' the doc said . 
 `` travis , that 's your job today . 
 keep blank lubed up . '' 
 he grinned at me then and slapped me on the arm . 
 `` you 're good to go . 
 if you feel any dizziness or cramping , we 'll up the amount of fluid until we find a good place . 
 got it ? 
 do n't let it get away from you . 
 only you can tell us when you 're getting dehydrated . '' 
 i nodded and stood back up . 
 i felt better and got back into the rhythm of things . 
 soon , the players were noticing my trips to the sidelines to get ` tanked up ' as they called it and travis became known as waterboy . 
 he seemed to like this and played it up for all he could get . 
 `` this is some high quality h2o , '' he 'd say in his best adam sandler voice as he squeezed the syringe full of fluid into me . 
 it never failed to bring me up . 
 i made it through the rest of the day in good shape and we headed to the lockers . 
 i found a bloody baseball bat leaning up against my locker and i picked it up in my hands , touching the red liquid on the wood . 
 it was syrup that had been dyed . 
 a few of the players around me stared at it and shook their heads when i glanced around . 
 i knew who had done it and i guess i expected something like this . 
 i wiped the fake blood off and shoved the bat in my locker before the coaches could see . 
 i would keep this to myself . 
 tuck came up next to me and talked in my head . 
 `` rodney ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` you 're going to have to watch your back with him . '' 
 `` i know . 
 you keep an eye out for me too . '' 
 `` i always do . '' 
 we walked home because tuck 's mom was at work . 
 when we got close to the house , i could feel something was wrong . 
 tuck saw it too and we both took off running . 
 avril was out the door when she felt me there and flung herself into my arms , crying and sobbing . 
 i saw it immediately in her head and the anger flared inside . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` in the back , '' avril said . 
 tuck ran ahead , panic in his head . 
 sadie was standing over her child , whimpering and trying her best to soothe her . 
 pepper was not in good shape . 
 something or someone had put a serious hurt on her and she bled from multiple places on her face and body and i could see one of her legs was broken . 
 `` i saw him , '' avril cried . 
 `` i heard her yipping so loud and in so much pain and when i ran out , he was driving off . 
 we have to do something . '' 
 `` where 's kaylin ? '' 
 i asked , kneeling next to pepper , touching her bloodied fur , causing her to lick my hand . 
 she was in so much pain . 
 `` she went to get her paycheck . '' 
 `` come on , girl , '' i said and picked her up gently . 
 she whimpered in my arms and then cried out when her leg shifted . 
 she sank her teeth into my palm , but i ignored it and knew it had just been a reflex . 
 i could see her anger at herself for doing it and i told her it was all right . 
 she 'd be all right . 
 the vet was a mile away and i started to run with her in my arms , avril and tuck following with sadie , hawkins , and jayne barking after us . 
 i told them to stay . 
 sadie did n't listen . 
 as i ran , the jarring of it caused pepper so much pain , i switched to lifting her with my telekinesis and carrying her that way . 
 the jostling stopped and she was more comfortable . 
 i 'm sure it was a sight if anybody noticed . 
 three kids running down the street with a dog floating in front of them . 
 we did n't have to run long . 
 kaylin drove up and slammed on the brakes . 
 we jumped in . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` drive . 
 quick , '' i said and she barked the tires as she turned around . 
 we made it to the vet in minutes and they took her right back . 
 avril sat with me , her eyes wet as we waited , and kaylin hugged her close . 
 `` she 'll be all right , '' she said . 
 `` they 'll take good care of her . '' 
 `` he 's a bastard , '' avril said . 
 `` he 's a coward and i ca n't believe he 's related to me . '' 
 `` they 'll catch him , '' kaylin said . 
 `` i know it . '' 
 dr. livesay came out from the back . 
 the look on his face conveyed to us what we all feared and avril started to cry harder . 
 she stood up and met him . 
 we followed and all huddled around him . 
 `` i 'm sorry avril , her leg is broken very badly . 
 it will have to be amputated . '' 
 `` oh no , '' she said . 
 `` i ca n't believe this . '' 
 `` there 's no way it can be saved ? '' 
 kaylin asked . 
 `` she 's so young and strong . '' 
 `` if you knew how to work miracles , then yes . 
 but i 'm not a miracle worker . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 we 're prepping her for the surgery now . '' 
 avril looked to me . 
 i could see it in her eyes even before she asked me . 
 i do n't know why i did n't consider it before . 
 i nodded to her . 
 `` linc wants to see her , '' avril said quickly , grabbing the doctor 's sleeve . 
 `` that 's not possible . 
 they 're getting her ready . '' 
 `` you have to let him see her , '' she insisted and the doctor started to speak again and then closed his mouth . 
 he looked at all of us and settled his eyes on me . 
 `` all right . 
 but just for a moment . '' 
 i followed him back , avril with me , and we walked into the operating room where his assistants were getting ready for the procedure . 
 they remained silent but moved back for us to get close . 
 dr. livesay stood back against the wall . 
 pepper was lying on her side , her eyes slightly glazed from some pain killer , but she sensed me there and licked my hand . 
 i soothed her , talking to her in my head . 
 i glanced at avril and she nodded once . 
 i put both my hands on the sides of her leg and could feel the shattered bones there . 
 she whimpered and yipped once when i moved it . 
 dr. livesay came away from the wall . 
 `` you should n't be touching her , '' he said . 
 i ignored him as i felt the energy build . 
 pepper saw in my mind what was going to happen and she closed her eyes . 
 the vibration started quickly , my fingers a blur in my vision . 
 dr. livesay was standing right next to me now and saw what he could n't believe . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 he said . 
 avril touched him on the shoulder and smiled to him . 
 `` shh . 
 watch . '' 
 the assistants moved closer , curious as to what was happening and when his young wife saw my hands , she gasped . 
 the frequency increased and pepper started to whine . 
 i could feel her pain building in my head and i told her it would be over soon . 
 the fractures were so bad that it took longer than with avril or me and i began to sweat . 
 the heat from my hands was building and i could feel my own pain starting to grow . 
 pepper yipped , loudly , a deep pain that i felt in me and then a loud snap burst from her leg and everyone jumped . 
 i felt the bones shift beneath my fingers . 
 i was breathing hard . 
 the vibration stopped instantly and i stepped back , leaning against avril , all of my energy spent . 
 i felt i could hardly stand . 
 dr. livesay moved in and felt her leg . 
 he looked up at us , his mouth slightly open , and then he stroked pepper 's head as she licked his hand . 
 `` what did he just do ? '' 
 he asked softly , but i could tell he knew the answer . 
 still , avril spoke for me . 
 `` he fixed it , '' she said , a tear falling down her face as she went to pepper . 
 `` he healed her . 
 just like he did for me . '' 
 dr. livesay stared at me . 
 `` i 'll have to get an x-ray , '' he said , numbly . 
 `` it feels good , but i need to check . 
 you 'll have to step out to the waiting room . '' 
 i went to move , but stumbled . 
 avril caught me and helped me out . 
 she did n't need to say it . 
 i could see it in her eyes . 
 `` as you wish , '' i said and she started to cry . 
 we waited a bit longer and then dr. livesay carried pepper out in his arms . 
 `` she 's still sedated quite a bit . 
 it will wear off in a few hours . 
 keep her quiet and change the bandages on her head every day . 
 she should be fine . 
 do n't let her eat today . '' 
 i took her from him . 
 he smiled at me and turned to go . 
 he stopped and turned back . 
 `` i do n't know what happened in there , but i 've never seen anything like it . 
 i do n't believe in miracles , but ... '' i nodded . 
 he smiled once more and then was gone . 
 we took her home . 
 * * * pepper was fine . 
 she limped for a day or two , but after that it was as if nothing happened . 
 `` that 's two , '' avril said to me the next day as we watched pepper play with her brother and sister . 
 `` two what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` two miracles in my life . 
 both from you . '' 
 `` they were n't miracles . 
 it 's something i do n't understand , but i do n't think it 's anything from god . '' 
 `` god gave you a gift . 
 you do n't see that ? 
 there 's a reason that you were born the way you were . 
 just like there 's a reason i found you . '' 
 `` i used to think he forgot me . 
 he got busy doing something else and let me go unfinished . 
 i was angry for a long time . '' 
 `` he did n't forget you . 
 he created this in you for a reason . 
 he paid special attention to you . '' 
 `` but what reason ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said . 
 `` but we need to find out . '' 
 i grabbed her hand and held it in mine . 
 i did n't know if what she said was true , i did n't feel any different than anybody else . 
 nothing special lingered at the back of my mind . 
 i knew i could do things that others could n't , but i did n't feel special . 
 it was just me . 
 if anything , i felt inferior . 
 the freak . 
 blank . 
 `` you 'll never be blank to me , '' she said and put her head on my shoulder . 
 she smiled at pepper rolling around and then got up and sat on the ground with them all . 
 they jumped on her immediately and she laughed and wrestled with them . 
 i watched and smiled . 
 i thought that she was the special gift from god . 
 she was the one he had paid attention to . 
 the one with the special purpose in this life and i was just here to see . 
 i was supposed to make sure she was here . 
 i was supposed to watch over her and keep her safe . 
 i hoped i would n't fail . 
 * * * school started the next week and the mask went back on . 
 at least for a day . 
 mom insisted and i let her win . 
 avril kept staring at me as mom drove us to school and tuck would poke at it with his finger . 
 `` will you two stop , '' i said , finally . 
 `` it 's just so weird , '' avril said . 
 `` i can see two faces . '' 
 `` it 's not weird , '' mom said . 
 `` it 's expensive . '' 
 `` it 's crap , '' i said , rubbing my fingers up underneath because it itched . 
 `` can you breathe in there ? '' 
 tuck asked , poking it again . 
 `` it feels like a real face . '' 
 `` yes . 
 barely , and it does n't feel real to me . '' 
 he pinched the nose and i whacked him . 
 `` jeez , '' he said . 
 `` okay . '' 
 avril giggled . 
 `` he really does n't need this , mrs. d. everybody at school knows him just as he is . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 she sighed . 
 `` try it today . 
 if you ca n't stand it , take it off . '' 
 it lasted through homeroom and then i ripped it off in frustration and shoved it into my backpack . 
 avril was right anyway . 
 everybody knew who i was by now and if they did n't , it was because they were new in town , or freshmen and freshmen did n't count . 
 some of the football players were hanging out by the gym and when i walked past with avril they shouted at me . 
 `` hey blank ! '' 
 `` yo dude . '' 
 they tossed the football to me and one of the receivers took off . 
 i launched the ball in a perfect spiral to him and he caught it , running into a freshman and knocking him down . 
 he picked the kid up . 
 `` shake it off , dude . 
 you 'll be all right . '' 
 he grinned at me . 
 but most of the attention was on avril . 
 everybody would come up and look her up and down and either give her a big hug or congratulate her on being out of the chair . 
 even though school had been out when everything happened with bret , the news had travelled quickly and the last everybody had heard , she was paralyzed and in a wheelchair . 
 when she told them i had something to do with her walking again , they looked at me with curiosity and even some amazement . 
 for a teenager , grasping something that was far-fetched seemed to come easier and they had no problem believing what had happened . 
 the proof was standing right in front of them . 
 the first period bell rang and avril gave me a peck on the cheek . 
 `` see you in third , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 she turned to go and i watched her leave . 
 as she slipped from my head , i took a step toward where she had been and then stopped . 
 i still hated that feeling of her leaving . 
 it made me feel empty . 
 first period was mr. cartright again . 
 he had moved up to teaching tenth grade this year and it was good to see him . 
 he saw me enter and smiled . 
 `` good to have you back , linc . '' 
 `` it 's cool you 're with us this year . 
 nice , '' i typed . 
 `` i hear you 're on the team . 
 congratulations . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 tuck had second period with me and we ended up in trouble because we were goofing off . 
 i do n't think mrs. chandler liked me . 
 it was okay . 
 i did n't really like her either and tuck hated her from the start . 
 `` she has tiny hands , '' tuck said . 
 `` they creep me out . '' 
 she did . 
 they were like a child 's hands with pink fingernail polish . 
 when she handed out paperwork , tuck would grimace at the page and pretend it was covered in something foul . 
 the girl next to him whispered , `` what ? '' 
 `` her hands are creepy . '' 
 the girl looked and started to giggle . 
 after that , she became ` mrs. handler . ' 
 third period was math and avril saved me a desk next to her . 
 the teacher was a new guy , mr. blake , who looked almost as young as we were . 
 i 'm not even sure you could call him a ` mister ' yet . 
 he was fresh from college and enthusiastic about what he was doing . 
 we pretended not to like him , but it did n't last long . 
 he was fun and it was too infectious to keep up the front . 
 he ended up my favorite teacher of the year . 
 he called roll that first day and paused with every name . 
 his lips moved and his finger waggled and then he would move on to the next name . 
 a couple of chuckles from the class made him grin . 
 `` what are you doing , mr. blake ? '' 
 a kid in the front row finally asked . 
 `` i 'm memorizing your names . '' 
 `` you look like you 're having a seizure , '' another kid said and we all laughed . 
 he turned darker , but he kept the smile on his face . 
 he put the roll call down . 
 `` it 's a technique i learned in college called memory pegs , '' he said . 
 `` you guys want to try it ? '' 
 `` no , '' from a kid in the back but everybody else nodded their heads and said yes . 
 anything to keep from doing math . 
 he spent the rest of the period showing his talent off and when the bell rang and he realized we had n't done a single problem , he grinned . 
 `` do n't rat me out guys , '' he said . 
 `` we 'll get to it tomorrow . '' 
 not a single kid complained . 
 fifth period found me with avril again but the class was full and though avril tried to save me a seat , a big kid took it anyway . 
 `` my seat , '' i typed and showed it to him . 
 he stared at the screen and then looked up at me . 
 `` i do n't see your name on it . '' 
 i took out a pen and wrote my name on the desk . 
 `` funny , '' he said . 
 `` find another . '' 
 `` no , '' i typed . 
 `` you find another . '' 
 `` or what ? '' 
 i leaned in close . 
 `` you do n't want to know . '' 
 a big beefy arm came around from behind me , grabbed the kid , and stood him up . 
 `` give blank his desk back , '' bedlam said . 
 i had n't realized he was there . 
 the big kid looked shocked . 
 bedlam let him go and he grabbed his things and moved . 
 i turned to bedlam and gave him a nod . 
 `` it had your name on it , '' he said , grinning . 
 `` i can read . '' 
 avril touched bedlam on the arm and smiled at him . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered . 
 his face darkened , but he said nothing . 
 sometimes the world surprises you . 
 at football practice , avril sat in the bleachers and did her homework . 
 she could have gone home on the bus , but she did n't want to be alone . 
 i did n't want her alone either . 
 bret was still out there and he had proven he could hurt her over and over again . 
 i wanted her right where i could see her . 
 practice concentrated on getting in shape and running drills for the first half and then we started running plays . 
 even though tuck and i were on the varsity team , we were still fighting for spots on the field . 
 we practiced with the second string squad and i understood this was supposed to be , but tuck was n't satisfied . 
 he wanted to play on first string and was bound and determined it was going to happen now . 
 the coaches had other plans . 
 `` you need to calm down , '' i said . 
 `` we 'll get there . 
 just play the game and put in your time . '' 
 `` i 'm better than these bozos , '' he grumbled . 
 `` they ca n't even cover me . '' 
 `` good . 
 you 'll look better then . 
 catch the ball and run it in . 
 prove to them you deserve to start . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 i got it , dad . '' 
 as we ran plays , tuck getting open on just about every down , the first squad began to pay attention to us between their own plays . 
 i was lobbing the ball down field to tuck on almost every play , and pointing and whispering amongst the seniors was starting to get louder . 
 kyle ansel , the senior quarterback , was struggling on their field and the coaches and players were noticing . 
 as i watched , he threw an interception and the ball was run back for a touchdown . 
 he hung his head and put his hands on his hips . 
 it was then i noticed two guys by the back fence . 
 they were watching us . 
 they looked familiar . 
 after a few minutes they moved on . 
 in the locker room , no bloody bats greeted me , but rodney kept an eye on me . 
 every time i glanced up , he would be staring at me . 
 i guess we were in for some kind of showdown in the future . 
 i 'd be ready this time . 
 on the way home , we stopped at the ice cream shop again and avril and tuck got cones . 
 i did n't mind . 
 it was the least i could do after making her wait all afternoon for me to practice . 
 at home , susan was waiting in her car and she stepped out and waved . 
 avril ran up and gave her a hug . 
 `` how 's tammy ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` she misses you , '' susan said . 
 `` come by and see her soon . '' 
 `` we will . '' 
 susan frowned then and looked off into the distance . 
 `` i was supposed to meet joey after work , but i 've been sitting here for forty minutes . '' 
 `` maybe he had to stay late , '' i said . 
 `` he was late for our date the other night too , '' she said . 
 `` it 's not like him . '' 
 his truck turned the corner and i could hear the engine revving as he flew down the street toward us . 
 he braked hard and came to a stop in a cloud of dust . 
 he jumped from the cab and slammed the door shut . 
 `` sorry , '' he said . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 susan asked . 
 `` fine . '' 
 he did n't look fine and susan knew it . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 i need a beer . '' 
 he moved to the house without another word . 
 susan looked pissed , but followed him in . 
 `` i 'll see you guys later , '' tuck said , his eyebrows going up . 
 avril and i decided to stay outside for a bit and play with the dogs . 
 susan 's and joey 's voices were loud inside and i really did n't want to be in there . 
 of course , with the telepathy , we could hear everything susan said and avril and i glanced at each other uncomfortably . 
 after a few minutes , susan stormed outside and saw us there . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` i have to go , '' she said . 
 `` sorry you guys . '' 
 avril grabbed her hand and gave her a look . 
 she smiled weakly and walked to her car . 
 as she got in i could tell she was crying . 
 their argument had made little sense to me and since i could n't read joey 's mind , i had no idea what the hell was going on with him . 
 after she left , joey came out and sat on the porch steps , beer in hand . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i typed and showed it to him . 
 `` you too ? 
 you 're going to give me crap ? 
 i do n't need it today , linc . '' 
 `` just wondering . 
 did n't know if i could help . '' 
 `` no . 
 you 're a kid . 
 you ca n't help . '' 
 a car turned onto the street and slowly made its way toward us . 
 joey tensed . 
 the car stopped at our curb and sat there idling . 
 the windows were so dark that i could not see inside . 
 joey stood and walked up to the car and the window on the passenger side rolled down as he drew closer . 
 the man who sat in the car glanced our way and then did a double take when he saw me . 
 he said something to the driver and pointed . 
 he laughed at something the driver said and then became serious when joey stood next to him . 
 avril and i could n't hear what was being said , but by joey 's posture and gestures , it did n't look like it was going well for him . 
 after a few minutes he shrugged , the window went up on the car and it drove off . 
 joey watched it leave and then came back toward us . 
 he did n't look at me as he climbed the steps and went back inside . 
 his face was red and his mouth set in a thin line . 
 something was up . 
 avril looked at me . 
 `` we should talk to him . '' 
 `` i do n't think he wants us saying anything to him . 
 did you see his face ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'm worried . 
 what if he 's in some trouble ? '' 
 `` he 's a big boy . 
 i 'm sure he can take care of himself . '' 
 she looked back at the door where he had just gone in and then got up . 
 i grabbed her hand . 
 `` do n't , '' i said . 
 she looked at the door again and then sat back down . 
 `` i guess you 're right . 
 if he wanted to tell us , he would have . '' 
 i pulled her close and she leaned her head on my shoulder , sighing . 
 `` this family is a mess , '' i said . 
 `` i know you get tired of it . '' 
 `` no it 's not . 
 i love all you guys . 
 i feel more at home here than i ever did at my house . 
 at least the house that was without my mother . '' 
 `` he 'll talk to us when he 's ready , '' i said . 
 but i wondered if he really would . 
 chapter 5 coleen , melody and roses i sat up in bed . 
 something or someone had been in my head and now was gone . 
 at least it felt that way . 
 or was it a dream ? 
 i moved to the edge of the bed and sat there , my head in my hands trying to find it again . 
 a face was in my dreams . 
 one i had never seen before yet it felt familiar in a way i could n't explain . 
 this was my life now , images and thoughts that i could n't separate from my own , and at times , my life merged with all the others that were inside me . 
 some screamed more than the others to get out and i 'm pretty sure that was what happened . 
 the door to my room slowly opened and avril peeked in . 
 i beckoned her to me and she tiptoed to the bed and settled into my arms . 
 her hair smelled of sleep and soap and i ran my hand through it as she leaned her head against mine . 
 `` did i wake you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` you were dreaming . 
 her name is melody . '' 
 i turned to face her and smiled . 
 `` who is she , though ? '' 
 her face clouded over and a shiver ran through her body . 
 i thought she was cold so i pulled her closer . 
 `` i think she 's bret 's . '' 
 his face popped into my head , followed by the scene we witnessed that night i snuck out to their house . 
 the night he had come home drunk , covered in blood and we watched him carry a shovel and axe to the shed . 
 avril saw it too and said , `` oh no . '' 
 she stared at me . 
 `` not another one . '' 
 i was n't sure if what we were seeing was just a dream or some memory of bret 's bubbling up in the middle of the night . 
 my intuition said it was real , and i was starting to trust those feelings more and more . 
 i stood up and pulled her up by the hand . 
 `` come on . 
 i need to see something . '' 
 she went to get shoes and as i put mine on , another vision slammed into my head and i had to wait for it to finish . 
 bret was chopping with the axe . 
 hacking away at something i could n't see , but the feeling was horrible . 
 bret was grimacing at the work , but he kept at it . 
 then it went away . 
 avril stood in my doorway , her hand to her mouth . 
 i went to her and grabbed her hand . 
 `` come on . '' 
 we crept out of the house and sadie came out from her place at the side and met us there . 
 it would be good to have her along . 
 we walked through the dark streets of the neighborhood and made it to avril 's old house in a few minutes . 
 it sat stark and quiet , back in a dark place away from the street lamps . 
 yellow crime scene tape was strewn across the door and a sign i could not read was plastered there as well . 
 avril stood there and stared for a minute . 
 `` he 's here , '' she said . 
 i could n't feel him . 
 `` it 's your imagination , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't feel him in my head . '' 
 she turned to me . 
 `` i do n't feel him either . 
 i just sense something is going to happen very soon . '' 
 i saw it then , in her head , and i wondered if she was right . 
 if he was here , why could i not sense him ? 
 `` come on , '' i said . 
 `` we 'll be careful . '' 
 i went to move and she pulled me back . 
 `` he 's smart , '' she said . 
 `` he knows things . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 `` he might have found a way to mask himself from us . 
 a way to block his mind . '' 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` we 'll be very careful then . '' 
 she did n't look convinced as she glanced around the area . 
 i pulled her along toward the back shed and sadie walked silently along next to us . 
 she was tense too , understanding that we were wary . 
 the shed was locked , but i was able to pick it in a matter of seconds . 
 i slid the door open , the metal on metal slider squealing loudly in the night . 
 avril gave me a look . 
 i shrugged . 
 inside was dark , but that was the cool thing about my vision . 
 i needed light , yes , but i could still see shapes and objects without the light and i found the shovel and axe leaning up against the wall in the corner . 
 i headed straight for them , avril holding my hand and feeling her way in the dark . 
 `` i ca n't see a thing , '' she said . 
 `` i can . 
 it 's all right . 
 stay right with me . '' 
 sadie waited outside . 
 the shovel and axe looked pristine in my vision and i could tell they had been cleaned . 
 i picked the axe up , feeling its weight . 
 i did n't know what i expected to find here , but it showed itself right then . 
 avril gasped and flinched as melody 's face slammed into my mind . 
 a face of pain and terror and then emptiness . 
 the scene changed to bret again hacking with the axe and this time we could see what he was chopping . 
 avril moaned and sank to the ground next to me , gagging and finally throwing up her dinner there on the floor . 
 i swallowed repeatedly , trying to keep everything down and then the vision left . 
 it would be something i could not forget for a long time . 
 i dropped the axe from my hands and wiped them on my pants . 
 i felt dirty and sick and i wanted to get the hell out of there . 
 kneeling next to avril , i held her sides as she finished and she leaned against me , panting and moaning . 
 `` oh my god . 
 take me out of here , linc . 
 take me out of here . '' 
 i helped her up and we moved outside , back into the moonlight . 
 i held her there in front of that shed , her sobs echoing in the night , and tried to comfort her . 
 she clung to me tightly , her face buried in my chest and i wondered how we would sleep the rest of the night . 
 or for many nights . 
 she jerked her head up then and sadie growled low in her throat . 
 `` run ! '' 
 she said , and i tensed as she pulled away . 
 too late . 
 bret stood in the yard , a gun in his hand , pointed at us , and some kind of helmet on his head . 
 i could n't tell what it was , but it looked like it was military in nature . 
 he took a step toward us , cautiously , and sadie growled louder . 
 he stopped . 
 `` hey , sis . 
 good to see you , '' he said . 
 he was grinning . 
 i pushed avril behind me , her arm wrapped around my waist , and i waited . 
 the only thought going through my mind was that she had been right . 
 i should 've listened to her . 
 i could n't read him . 
 the helmet or whatever was on his head blocked everything he was thinking . 
 but he also could n't read me . 
 or at least i hoped he could n't . 
 my vision was narrowed down to just a tunnel , him at the center , as i let the energy in my back build . 
 i wanted to be ready for whatever was going to happen . 
 `` the old place still looks great , does n't it ? '' 
 bret said , glancing around the yard , like he was at a party or something . 
 he moved to his left a bit and we tracked with him . 
 `` what ? 
 no love for your brother ? 
 that 's not right . '' 
 avril finally spoke . 
 `` you 're a monster . '' 
 `` nah . 
 i 'm just me . 
 in the army , there are some monsters . 
 you have n't seen nothing . '' 
 his face changed and he was no longer smiling . 
 `` what were you doing in the shed ? '' 
 avril said nothing , the memory of the axe and melody still fresh in our minds , but he could not see . 
 `` answer me , '' he shouted and avril flinched . 
 sadie started barking and i told her to quiet . 
 she stopped , but stayed tense next to me , the hairs on her back standing on end . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 avril said , her voice stronger than i thought it should be . 
 `` what do you think i want ? '' 
 he motioned with the gun at me . 
 `` i want that piece of shit gone . 
 and i 'm going to make that happen . '' 
 i decided it was time to end this , just as he decided the same thing . 
 my hands came up and the gun went off . 
 i sent everything i had at him and a wall of red blasted out from me in a big wave . 
 the bullet deflected off of it , but could not completely stop . 
 it struck me in the arm and pushed me back . 
 it did not penetrate my skin , though , its momentum lost from the wall of energy it passed through . 
 it still hurt like hell . 
 avril screamed and sadie lunged at bret . 
 the wall of red struck him across his whole body and he was knocked to the ground . 
 i grabbed my arm , the pain screaming in my mind and i fell to my knees . 
 sadie attacked and kept him pinned until he swung at her with his fist and she was knocked away . 
 she recovered quickly and attacked again , her teeth sinking into the flesh at his shoulder , the animal sounds coming from her nothing i had ever heard before . 
 i called to her and she let him go . 
 he jumped up , searching for his gun and i saw it in the grass . 
 i raised my hand and grabbed it with my power and flung it across the yard away from him . 
 avril was there next to me , holding my arm that hung limp at my side and she shouted at him . 
 `` leave us alone ! 
 i hate you ! '' 
 bret stood there breathing hard and he lunged toward us , but with my last bit of strength i pushed him back . 
 i could n't hold him though and i hoped he did n't realize it . 
 he gave one more glance toward his gun and then ran in the opposite direction . 
 sadie chased him a few feet until i called her back . 
 he was gone . 
 * * * i was weak . 
 the effort of keeping bret and his attacks at bay had taken a toll on me and i felt exhausted . 
 my right arm , my throwing arm , throbbed at the shoulder , but i could move it . 
 avril lifted my shirt and looked at it . 
 i had a growing bruise spreading into my chest . 
 `` can you do your thing ? 
 fix it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i have to be able to put both my hands on either side of the injury . 
 i ca n't contort my body like that . 
 and , i do n't have the energy . 
 i 'm a mess . '' 
 she nodded and i leaned on her as we left the house . 
 sadie whined along side of us but i told her i was okay . 
 she did n't look injured from her attack , but i 'd check her over when we got home . 
 avril let me lean on her for a few blocks as my strength grew . 
 it seeped back into my muscles and bones , making me feel stronger and clearer . 
 by the time we got to the house , i was walking on my own . 
 `` we have to find her , '' avril said at the steps . 
 `` i know . 
 what do you want to do ? '' 
 she searched my face and touched my shoulder . 
 `` we should do it now . 
 she needs to be found . 
 how 's your shoulder ? '' 
 i moved it around , pain flaring in the joint , but it was bearable . 
 `` i 'll live . '' 
 `` should we get tuck ? '' 
 i turned toward his house . 
 `` no . 
 let him sleep . '' 
 we made our way to the woods , past the unmarked grave of coleen , past our spot at the creek , down the path , the dilapidated tree house on our left and finally to the small clearing where the marijuana grew . 
 the moon shone down on the plants and if we were n't on such a disturbing mission , it would look beautiful . 
 avril came up next to me and wrapped one arm around my waist . 
 i could see her thoughts and they matched mine . 
 i did n't want to go in there . 
 `` you sure this is where she is ? '' 
 i asked . 
 avril nodded her head slowly , but did n't look at me . 
 she scanned the farm and stopped at a section in the middle . 
 `` there , '' she pointed . 
 her own vision of the future had brought us here , and now it was my turn to confirm it . 
 we 'd see if the dead really spoke to me or if it was all just some suppressed memory of bret 's . 
 we moved out into the plants , sadie along side us , and pushed our way through . 
 they rustled in the quiet of the night and no other sound penetrated the darkness and moonlight . 
 sadie started to growl , low in her throat , and we froze . 
 `` what is it , girl ? '' 
 i said in her head . 
 she smelled something and i knew what it was . 
 i stroked her head for a moment and she calmed down . 
 we took our last steps toward the spot and then it happened . 
 melody sprang into my head and i swooned . 
 down on one knee , i let the vision course through me and took deep breaths as it played out . 
 her voice pleaded to let her go , but fell on deaf ears . 
 bret turned and grinned at her and then looked up at someone else off to the left . 
 a face came into view and avril gasped next to me . 
 melody must be showing me this . 
 it could be no one else . 
 her killers were right in front of her . 
 `` your turn , '' bret said . 
 paul rose nodded and his hands reached out toward my vision from melody . 
 she started to struggle and cry out and then the sound abruptly stopped as the air was clamped off . 
 the terror of suffocation was very real and i struggled to breathe in and out myself . 
 avril was gasping next to me . 
 as the vision grayed out to nothingness , paul 's face was the last thing i saw . 
 i stood , pulled avril up by the hand and we walked out of there , my arms wrapped around her . 
 she cried silently next to me . 
 we 'd seen enough . 
 * * * the police arrived at dawn and our neck of the woods became a media zoo . 
 when avril called detective tate around 5:00 in the morning , he was not happy . 
 but when he heard what she had to say , he came fully awake and said he 'd be there within an hour . 
 he came with a whole group of officers and we showed them the pot farm and the spot we knew melody was buried . 
 they found her there within an hour . 
 and the rest of her scattered all around the clearing . 
 avril and i left before the digging started . 
 we did n't need to see . 
 tate showed up at our house a few hours later and we let him in without a word spoken . 
 he sat in joey 's chair across from me on the couch , stared at me for a moment and spoke one word . 
 `` how ? '' 
 i showed him . 
 he took it well , only showing the briefest flash of disgust . 
 he stood immediately and took an evidence technician to avril 's old house and the shed , collecting the shovel and axe and finding other evidence that avril and i could n't see in the dark . 
 he came back to the house when they were done . 
 `` what about paul ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` he 's supposed to get out today . '' 
 `` i think we 'll be able to keep him in there until we have our evidence . '' 
 `` linc should be evidence enough , '' she said , but i knew what was coming . 
 `` you would think , '' tate said , `` but this is uncharted territory with the law . 
 there is not much precedence , with his telepathy , for this kind of thing . 
 it 's almost like a lie detector test . 
 it helps us with our investigation , but it 's not admissible in a court . 
 we 'll have to find physical evidence that ties him to this . '' 
 avril frowned at this , but said nothing more . 
 `` if you see anything else , anything at all , call me , '' tate said . 
 `` i 'll believe you . 
 and do n't think just because it 's some little thing that it wo n't matter . 
 many cases have been broken or proven on the smallest bit of evidence . '' 
 he turned to go and then stopped at the door . 
 he looked back at us . 
 `` are you two going to be all right ? '' 
 i nodded , taking avril 's hand in mine . 
 she was n't so positive . 
 `` i do n't want to sleep , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll have nightmares . '' 
 `` i 've been there , '' tate said . 
 `` there 's nothing i can say that will lessen what you feel . 
 just know that it will pass . 
 i 'm sorry you had to be the ones . '' 
 avril stood and went to him . 
 she touched his arm . 
 `` just find him , '' she said . 
 `` he wo n't stop until he gets to us . '' 
 tate nodded once and left . 
 mom had stayed home , but joey went to work . 
 he did n't want to get involved in the zoo that showed up . 
 after tate left , mom wanted to stay , but i told her we would be all right . 
 all we were going to do was sleep and her job was more important than watching us snore . 
 she went to work . 
 i took avril 's hand in mine and we climbed the stairs . 
 we were both exhausted . 
 in her room , she would n't let my hand go . 
 `` stay with me , '' she said . 
 i crawled in next to her and held her until she fell asleep . 
 i followed shortly behind . 
 surprisingly , we did n't dream . 
 when we woke later in the day , some of the police were still in the area , so we kept our distance and just hung out in the house . 
 tuck came over after school , wanting to know what the heck happened and when he saw , he looked sick to his stomach . 
 `` man . 
 that 's just wrong , '' he said . 
 `` coach mad at me for missing practice ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . 
 he understood . 
 the school was buzzing with it all day . 
 melody was a graduate from there a few years ago . '' 
 after the police left , we walked to the clearing in the woods . 
 tuck wanted to see . 
 all the plants had been pulled up and carted off in plastic bags . 
 the earth was ravaged and torn , and the space looked like a giant scar now that they had scoured the whole area . 
 we did n't enter the space . 
 evidence tape was strung up around the whole perimeter and we did n't want to risk getting in trouble . 
 as we were turning to go , i caught sight of something on the other side of the clearing . 
 rodney stepped from the trees and looked over the destruction . 
 then two men emerged , one on either side of him . 
 we moved back into the cover of the trees and hid . 
 they did n't see us . 
 one of the men was gesturing excitedly and then he shoved rodney into a tree and stormed off . 
 the other man looked at him once and then left too . 
 rodney stayed for a few minutes , shaking his head and looking over what had been a nice crop of pot just a few hours before . 
 he finally moved back into the woods and disappeared . 
 `` we need to find out who those men are , '' tuck said . 
 i did n't want to know . 
 it would probably mean trouble . 
 we had enough to worry about with bret still running around . 
 we walked back the way we came and emerged from the woods at our little spot . 
 rodney was sitting on the lip of a drainage cover and glared at us as we saw him . 
 there was no hiding from him now . 
 `` what are you three doing back there ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` hanging out , '' tuck said . 
 `` what 's it to you ? '' 
 he stood and took a couple steps toward us . 
 `` i heard in school that you had something to do with them finding a body back there . '' 
 `` linc did . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i heard it was a mess . '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 i was just wondering . 
 seems weird that you would know where it was . '' 
 `` we know about the pot , '' avril said . 
 `` just what are you into , rodney ? '' 
 his face changed and he pointed at me . 
 `` watch your back , freak . 
 you 're making a lot of enemies . '' 
 i 'd had enough of him . 
 i walked up to him and stood a few inches from his face . 
 he stared at me , but did n't back down . 
 i let a bit of the energy build in my back and i picked him up off the ground . 
 he looked shocked and tried to fight it , but i held him steady . 
 he floated a foot in front of me . 
 `` linc says maybe you should watch yours , '' tuck said . 
 i shoved him away with my energy and he fell to the ground , hard , looking up at me . 
 avril took my hand in hers and we walked away . 
 we did n't look back . 
 * * * paul rose was released from juvie on friday and showed up at our house on saturday . 
 he did n't stay long . 
 just long enough for me to feel him there and then he took off . 
 he knew i could sense him . 
 tate came by the night before and sat us all down in the living room . 
 he did n't look happy . 
 `` they wo n't hold him , '' he said . 
 i knew who he was talking about right from the start , but mom was confused . 
 `` who are you talking about ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` paul rose will be released from juvenile tomorrow . 
 i ca n't stop it . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` i thought you said he would stay . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm not happy about it , but we do n't have the evidence to hold him . 
 we even interrogated him for hours but he would n't budge . 
 he 's smart . 
 slimy , but smart . '' 
 `` so , what does that mean ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 `` he gets away with attempted rape and murder ? '' 
 `` for now , '' tate said . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 he wo n't be out long . '' 
 `` what about us ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` there 's a restraining order out that he must abide by because of kaylin delabar . 
 call us immediately if he violates that . '' 
 i had a feeling a restraining order was about as useful as the piece of paper it was printed on . 
 at least i 'd know if he showed . 
 when kaylin got home and heard about his pending release , she freaked . 
 i promised her that i would not let anything happen to her and she believed me . 
 for the most part . 
 i was starting to feel worried i could n't keep us all protected . 
 there were a few people who wanted harm done to us and that pressure was starting to get to me . 
 avril could sense it . 
 and when paul showed up for his quick drive-by , she stood with me at the window and soothed my mind . 
 `` i know you 're worried , '' she said . 
 `` but i can feel your strength . 
 i am safe when i 'm with you . '' 
 `` i do n't know if that makes me feel better , '' i said , but i smiled . 
 `` and , joey will be here too . '' 
 `` i know . 
 this is stupid though . 
 the police should be protecting us . '' 
 `` but they ca n't , '' she said . 
 `` and i do n't know if i would feel safe with them . '' 
 `` they have guns . '' 
 `` they do n't have a powerful mind . '' 
 it sounded so childish when she said it and i turned to her . 
 she grinned at me and whispered , `` you 're like a superhero . '' 
 i did n't feel like one . 
 at least to myself , but i did like the feeling that she trusted me . 
 i remembered when she was afraid of me and we had come a long way since then . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here with me , '' i said . 
 `` you keep the blackness at bay . '' 
 `` i 'm wondering about that now . 
 maybe some of that blackness needs to come out . '' 
 i turned to her , surprised , but saw that she was serious . 
 `` it 's your strength , '' she said . 
 `` i know that now . 
 your anger is the fuel for your power . 
 i 'll be there to help you control it , but you 're going to need all you have . 
 i just have a feeling . '' 
 `` i know about your feelings , '' i said . 
 `` what are you seeing ? '' 
 `` that 's it . 
 i 'm not seeing anything . 
 and that worries me . '' 
 she leaned in closer and i held her tight . 
 i did n't like the blackness that was growing inside , but i needed it . 
 she was right . 
 and it scared me . 
 chapter 6 it 's a party the money was gone . 
 i sat with the gym bag on my lap and stared at the emptiness of it . 
 a big black hole that mocked me as i sat there in shock . 
 avril ran in . 
 `` all of it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded slowly . 
 she sat next to me on the bed and confirmed for herself that the big open space in the bag was really just that . 
 a big , open , empty space . 
 `` how ? '' 
 she asked . 
 we looked at each other and came to the same conclusion . 
 it was n't a matter of how , it was a matter of who . 
 and the only person who could hide something like this from everybody else was joey . 
 but why ? 
 `` maybe someone came in and took it . 
 a burglar , '' i said with little conviction . 
 i just could n't wrap my head around the thought that joey would do something like this . 
 avril shook her head . 
 kaylin came to the door , then , a look on her face of total disbelief . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` we 'll have to confront him , '' i said . 
 `` it 's not his money . '' 
 `` what if we 're wrong ? '' 
 kaylin asked . 
 `` he 'll be really pissed , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm really pissed , '' kaylin said . 
 `` we 'll talk to him tonight . 
 when he gets home . 
 he 's been acting weird lately . 
 i 'm sure this has something to do with it . '' 
 at school , i could n't seem to concentrate . 
 the fact that joey would do such a thing shocked me and the more i let it recycle in my head , the angrier i became . 
 he had no right . 
 even if the money was a gift we had n't expected , it was our gift and he had no claim to it . 
 i just hoped he had n't spent it all . 
 i did n't know what i would do if it was gone . 
 at football practice , the anger fueled my game and i took it out on some of the players . 
 the balls i threw were meteors that nobody could catch except tuck and even he winced at a few . 
 `` take it easy , man , '' he said in the huddle . 
 `` yeah , blank . 
 you almost broke my finger , '' one of the other receivers said . 
 `` sorry , '' i told tuck . 
 `` i 'll back off . '' 
 our first game was friday and i was still practicing with the second string which was adding to my anger . 
 coach had not come out and named the starters yet , but if the ones i worked with was any indication , then i would not be playing . 
 maybe my choice to be on the varsity team had been a mistake . 
 at least on jv i would be getting reps and playing in the real games . 
 tuck was in the same boat and he bugged the coach every day . 
 danforth never let on and ignored his questions . 
 he would let us know when he was ready . 
 kyle , the senior quarterback , was improving and this worried me . 
 it seemed that since i arrived , he was working that much harder and doing his best to keep his job . 
 i did n't have anything against him . 
 he did n't really give me a hard time . 
 i just wanted to play . 
 travis , the waterboy , told me he overheard the coaches talking and he was pretty sure kyle was going to start . 
 they did n't like the idea of a rookie playing yet , even if the rookie was going to be the best player they ever had . 
 `` that does n't make sense , '' i typed to travis . 
 `` if i 'm the best , why not play me ? '' 
 travis shrugged . 
 `` i do n't get it either . 
 but i 'm not the coach . 
 hang in there . 
 i know you 'll get to play yet . '' 
 as practice ended , i noticed the two guys by the fence again . 
 from this distance it was hard to tell , but they could be the guys from the pot field . 
 one was bigger and when he moved it reminded me of the shove that rodney got at the field when we were hidden . 
 rodney had not been at practice today . 
 nobody knew where he was . 
 avril was in the bleachers doing her homework and i went over to her . 
 `` do you see those guys ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she raised her hand to shade the glare and then she frowned . 
 `` yeah . 
 i think it 's them . '' 
 `` so do i. why do n't you wait just outside the locker rooms while i get dressed ? '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i do n't like that they 're here and rodney 's not . '' 
 she gathered up her things and we walked to the locker rooms . 
 she sat in the gym , on the basketball bleachers , while i dressed out . 
 i would only be a minute and i could sense her when she was this close . 
 as i was pulling my pants on , i heard her in my head . 
 `` linc , they 're here . '' 
 tuck looked up from his locker as i threw my shirt on . 
 tuck followed . 
 i saw avril up high in the bleachers . 
 she pointed to two men who had come into the gymnasium and were now climbing the steps toward her . 
 i ran . 
 `` avril . 
 move ! '' 
 i said as i got closer and she packed up her things and stood . 
 the two men were almost to her . 
 i bounded up the steps , the noise loud in the empty gym and they turned . 
 both stopped and watched as i grabbed avril 's hand and pulled her away . 
 `` hey , '' one shouted . 
 i ignored them as tuck joined us near the top . 
 we moved away and started down the steps . 
 they followed . 
 in a hurry . 
 at the bottom , coach danforth stood at his office door and then came out when he saw the two men . 
 we moved to him quickly and he glanced our way . 
 the two men approached and he held up his hand . 
 `` excuse me , '' coach said . 
 `` you guys are n't supposed to be in here . 
 this is school property . '' 
 `` we need to talk to the freak , '' one said . 
 he was big , and hairy , with tufts of it sticking out of his shirt at the collar . 
 he had a large scar on his face that ran from his left eye down to his jaw . 
 it disappeared into his neckline . 
 the other one was smaller , blond , and had on a greasy baseball cap . 
 it said miami heat on it . 
 he watched me with something akin to amusement . 
 avril held my arm as she stood close to me . 
 `` he 's not a freak , '' coach said . 
 `` time for you to leave . '' 
 `` we 're not going anywhere , '' scarface said . 
 `` why do n't you go back to your little office and play with yourself while we have a chat with faceless ? '' 
 coach 's face turned dark and i could see his shoulders tense . 
 his hands balled into fists . 
 `` i do n't appreciate your tone , '' coach said . 
 `` if you do n't leave now , you 'll have to deal with the police . '' 
 `` the police are a long way away , my friend . 
 what will you do until then , hmm ? 
 lots of things can happen before they get here . '' 
 a few of the players heard the commotion and watched from the hallway . 
 i saw chet run back into the locker room . 
 a few seconds later , practically the whole team came out in various stages of dress . 
 some even in their underwear . 
 they gathered silently behind us . 
 a wall of football players . 
 i turned to them and bedlam nodded . 
 coach saw this , but his face did not change . 
 he took a step toward the men . 
 `` i 'm used to getting my way , '' coach said . 
 `` and i do n't like it when i do n't . '' 
 the two guys looked nervous now , and their eyes flicked back and forth between coach danforth , me , and the team behind us . 
 `` i asked you to leave politely , '' coach continued . 
 `` i suggest you take my advice . 
 i 'd hate for anybody to get hurt here . '' 
 the team moved forward and stood behind coach . 
 they said nothing but the implication was unmistakable . 
 scarface frowned , pointed his finger at me , and turned . 
 he pulled his partner by the sleeve and they both walked out of the gym without another word . 
 coach took a deep breath and turned around . 
 `` all right . 
 fun 's over . 
 you guys ca n't stay here all day . 
 go get dressed . '' 
 he actually grinned the slightest bit and nodded . 
 the team talked excitedly amongst themselves as they headed back for the lockers . 
 bedlam grinned at me and avril . 
 she looked away , smiling , because he was in his underwear . 
 coach walked up to us . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we do n't know , '' avril said . 
 `` we 've seen them around here a few times , but they 've never bothered me until now . '' 
 `` linc , do you know what they wanted with you ? '' 
 i shook my head , no . 
 coach stared hard at me and then softened . 
 `` how are you getting home ? '' 
 `` we walk , '' tuck said . 
 `` not today . 
 i 'll give you a lift . 
 come find me when you 're ready . '' 
 he walked off to his office without waiting for a response from us and avril looked at me . 
 `` he 's a good coach . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i sure hope they leave him alone . '' 
 coach dropped us off at the house and we thanked him for the ride . 
 `` stay inside , '' he said , `` at least until your parents get home . '' 
 he drove off and tuck left for his house . 
 avril and i went in to finish our homework . 
 after about an hour , there was a knock at the door . 
 avril looked up at me and shook her head . 
 `` i 'm at least going to look , '' i said . 
 i got up and peeked out the window . 
 two men stood at the door . 
 it was n't the two from the gym , so i opened the door and stood there . 
 `` hey , it 's the kid without a face , '' said a short , heavy-set guy with hair to his shoulders . 
 he had a beard that was close shaven . 
 he was smiling though he did n't look happy . 
 the guy next to him was tall and skinny , dark hair , close-set eyes . 
 he looked stupid , but who was i to judge ? 
 i stood there and waited . 
 `` are you in there , kid ? '' 
 the fat guy asked . 
 avril came up behind me . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` uh -- yeah . 
 where 's joey ? '' 
 `` he 's not here right now . 
 i can tell him you stopped by . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 that would be great . 
 tell him that vito and greg were here . 
 he 'll know who we are . '' 
 i started to shut the door and he put his hand on it to stop it . 
 `` how do you talk ? '' 
 `` i do n't talk , '' i typed into my computer . 
 `` i snort . '' 
 they read it and the fat guy chuckled . 
 `` you 're funny kid . 
 tell joey we 'll be back later . '' 
 `` what 's this about , anyway ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he has something that belongs to us , '' he said . 
 `` he 'll know what i 'm talking about . '' 
 they left and i turned to avril . 
 `` those are the guys from the car . 
 the other day . 
 remember ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i thought they looked familiar . '' 
 i locked the door and went and sat on the couch . 
 avril followed and sat close to me . 
 she leaned up against me and wrapped her arms around me . 
 `` i hope that money is n't gone , '' i said . 
 `` i have a feeling it is , '' she said and i turned to her . 
 `` you see something ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not sure . 
 not like before anyway . '' 
 she touched my face . 
 `` your color is dim today . 
 it 's not its usual deep blue . '' 
 `` i 'm angry at him . '' 
 `` i know . 
 how can i help ? '' 
 she grinned coyly . 
 i put my arms around her and she kissed my face . 
 her lips were so soft on my skin and the sensation lingered after she pulled away . 
 `` i like your lips , '' she said . 
 `` i can feel them when i close my eyes . 
 and i know they 're just for me . '' 
 `` just for you . '' 
 `` more than love , '' she said softly and i nodded . 
 `` more than love . '' 
 mom pulled up outside , so we separated and went back to the table . 
 she had groceries for dinner and i helped her put them away . 
 `` mom , we need to talk , '' i said and she searched my head . 
 her face grew angry and she leaned against the counter . 
 `` he would n't , '' she whispered to herself and then looked up at me . 
 `` it could n't be anybody else , could it ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 avril came over and stood next to me . 
 `` i 'll kill him , '' she said , storming off to her room . 
 `` if he 's done what i think he 's done , i 'm never going to forgive him . '' 
 what i saw in her head would make sense with the money , but it was still a surprise . 
 i would never have thought that joey was into something like that . 
 i was beginning to think that the money was gone for good . 
 * * * joey never showed . 
 we all waited and finally mom went to bed . 
 she was pretty plastered and i had to help her up the stairs . 
 her anger at her brother made her drink even more than normal . 
 i stayed up and watched monday night football . 
 coach told the team that he wanted us watching as much of the nfl as we could stand and that learning by example was one of the best tools we could use . 
 so , monday night football it was . 
 the game was a big one . 
 pittsburg at denver and denver was favored by a couple of touchdowns . 
 pretty big spread for the nfl . 
 avril sat with me and eventually fell asleep on my shoulder . 
 the game was an upset with pittsburg winning by a touchdown . 
 just as the game ended , she suddenly sat up . 
 `` he 's in trouble , '' she blurted out , trying to shake the sleep from her system . 
 `` joey 's in big trouble . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` he just lost a big bet . 
 on the football game and now he does n't have the money to pay them . '' 
 `` our money ? '' 
 she nodded , a frown on her face . 
 then her hand went to her mouth , fear in her eyes . 
 `` oh god . 
 they 're going to kill him . '' 
 i stood up . 
 `` what ? 
 we have to find him . '' 
 she stood with me . 
 `` can you see where ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` not really . 
 i see a big warehouse , but i do n't know where . 
 what are we going to do ? '' 
 `` maybe susan knows where he is . '' 
 avril picked up the phone and we got the number from the phonebook . 
 she answered on the second ring . 
 `` joey ? '' 
 she said quickly . 
 `` no . 
 susan , it 's avril . '' 
 `` what 's happened ? '' 
 there was panic in her voice . 
 `` he has n't called me all day . '' 
 `` do you know where he is ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he wo n't call me . '' 
 `` he bet a lot of money on a football game . 
 where does he usually go to watch ? '' 
 `` he does n't have a lot of money . 
 how would he do that ? '' 
 avril paused and looked at me . 
 i nodded . 
 `` he took our money and used it . '' 
 `` oh my god . 
 i do n't believe him . 
 he 's been acting weird for a few weeks now . 
 he would n't talk to me about it . '' 
 `` where does he go to watch ? 
 susan , it 's important . 
 i think he 's in danger . '' 
 `` the palace . 
 he goes to the palace . 
 i 'll go find him . '' 
 `` no ! 
 come and get linc and me . 
 we need to go with you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` we just do . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'm coming now . '' 
 avril hung up and moved inside my arms . 
 `` the darkness we talked about ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i think you 're going to need it . '' 
 susan showed up a few minutes later and kaylin came downstairs as she walked in . 
 `` i 'm going with you , '' she said . 
 `` no . 
 you need to stay here . '' 
 `` you might need my help . '' 
 `` i do n't need another person to protect . 
 avril and susan will go with me . 
 please stay . '' 
 she hugged me . 
 `` be careful . '' 
 `` i will , '' i lied . 
 i did n't think being careful was going to help joey . 
 we drove to the palace and avril filled susan in on the discovery of the missing money and how it could n't be anybody but him . 
 and then she let her see her dream . 
 susan started to cry . 
 `` he 's been so worried about money lately , '' susan said . 
 `` his job was crap and he wanted to be able to afford a place for us together . 
 he proposed to me last week , but we were keeping it secret to tell you guys later . '' 
 i did n't know what to say , so i just kept quiet . 
 avril hugged her as we drove and she calmed down . 
 we arrived at the palace after midnight and it was still pretty busy even with the game being over . 
 the doorman would n't let avril and me in , so susan went in to find him . 
 she came out a few minutes later , shaking her head . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 she had panic in her eyes and she searched our heads . 
 `` we 'll never find that warehouse i see . 
 i ca n't believe he 's done this . '' 
 `` come on , '' i said . 
 `` i want to try something , just not here in the open . '' 
 we climbed back in the car and they faced me . 
 `` this will seem weird , '' i said and avril gave me a look . 
 `` everything is always weird with you , '' she said , smiling . 
 `` we know that by now . '' 
 `` put one hand to my face and the other to the person next to you . 
 like this . '' 
 i put my fingers to avril 's face and my other to susan 's . 
 they did the same . 
 i felt the electrical activity instantly and susan 's eyes widened . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` think of joey . 
 just fill your heads with thoughts of him and nothing else . '' 
 tingling started up in my fingertips and i saw avril 's eyelids flutter . 
 she started to breathe faster and then her eyes flew open . 
 we all saw . 
 `` go ! '' 
 i said to susan and she started the car . 
 he was tied to a chair in the middle of a big open space and the two guys who had come looking for him earlier were beating him with their fists . 
 the warehouse was in the industrial loop behind wells road . 
 only a few minutes away . 
 in all our excitement , all our worry over joey , nobody noticed the car that was following us . 
 * * * the warehouse sat alone in the back of the loop . 
 a street lamp was hanging from its pole , wires the only thing keeping it from crashing to the ground . 
 needless to say it did n't work . 
 the darkness made little difference to me , but susan and avril did not like it . 
 i wasted no time and walked straight to the door . 
 it was locked , but i could hear voices on the other side . 
 one of them was joey 's . 
 `` hurry , '' susan said , and i worked on the lock . 
 it took me a moment , but i got it open . 
 i threw the door open and burst inside . 
 joey sat in the middle of the room bound to a chair . 
 his head hung down and i could see blood dripping from his face to the floor . 
 one eye was swollen shut . 
 the big guy , vito , looked up in surprise . 
 greg moved quickly to the left , heading for a shelf in the back . 
 i could see a gun there . 
 i sent a blast of energy his way and he was thrown to the ground where he slid across the floor , dazed . 
 vito watched this and came to a quick conclusion . 
 he pulled a knife from his belt and stepped behind joey . 
 he pulled joey 's head back and placed the knife against his throat . 
 `` i do n't know what the hell you are , kid , '' he said . 
 `` but one more move and i cut him . '' 
 i paused . 
 greg was still on the ground , but he was starting to get up again . 
 i did n't know if i could get to them both , but the energy was building in my back and i could feel its power . 
 it was stronger than anything i had felt before and maybe that was because avril was next to me , her fear and anger at seeing joey like that , fuel for my power . 
 susan stood shocked , trying to take it all in . 
 then she found her own anger and it burst across my psyche like meteors in the night sky . 
 one of my hands shot outward and picked greg up off the ground , lifting him fifteen or so feet in the air . 
 he screamed as vito turned toward him . 
 in the next instant my other hand focused a pulse at vito and ripped the knife from his hands . 
 it flew threw the air and came to me . 
 i caught it in my hand . 
 vito raised his hands up , but i ignored whatever that meant . 
 he was not going to cause me any more problems . 
 i dropped the knife and sent another pulse of energy his way and picked him up . 
 i grunted at the effort of holding them both in the air , but the strength was there . 
 it surged in my veins like fire and the muscles in my arms vibrated beneath my skin . 
 both men now hovered in the air near the ceiling and i slammed them into each other with incredible force . 
 i heard bones snap and then i released them . 
 they fell to the concrete with a sickening crunch . 
 neither moved . 
 susan rushed to joey , his mouth a bloody mess , and his eyes both swollen and mostly closed . 
 he moaned in the chair as she tried to untie him . 
 i picked the knife up and walked over to him . 
 he saw me there and whispered in a voice i hardly recognized . 
 `` hey , kid . '' 
 i cut his bindings and he slumped into susan 's arms . 
 avril knelt next to the two men and checked them over . 
 `` they 're still alive , '' she said , a worried look on her face . 
 `` i was n't going to kill them , '' i said . 
 `` what about when they wake up ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i glanced at them there on the ground and walked over . 
 i knelt next to vito and pressed my palm to his face . 
 i did the mind meld thing and he vibrated there on the floor , the heels of his boots playing out a staccato rhythm as he spasmed . 
 i did n't think he would remember a thing now . 
 he might not even know who he was . 
 i did the same to the skinny one and white foam leaked from his mouth . 
 avril touched my shoulder , the look on her face one of concern and i stopped . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i said . 
 `` they 'll be all right . 
 sort of . '' 
 for some reason i did n't care . 
 i felt nothing toward these men who meant nothing to me and maybe that was a good thing . 
 they felt no remorse at trying to kill my uncle , so why should i feel anything for them ? 
 i left them alive and that was all they could ask for . 
 avril sensed this in me and touched my face . 
 `` do n't let it consume you , linc . 
 i 'm still here . 
 i do n't want to lose you to it . '' 
 the feel of her fingers on my skin made the blackness recede into the night . 
 it left with an audible pop and i felt more myself . 
 i knelt again by the skinny one and touched his face . 
 he was in there , just out for the count . 
 he would n't remember this night , or even the last month of his life , and that would be good . 
 joey would n't even exist to him . 
 i checked the other one and he was a little worse for wear . 
 his mind rambled in his head , nonsense about a sister and mother and then baby talk . 
 i might have damaged him too much . 
 he 'd probably end up like andy prindel . 
 we got joey up , susan on one arm and me on the other , and walked/dragged him to the door . 
 as we opened it and carried him out , the muzzle of a gun barrel pressed against my head and a voice said . 
 `` stop . '' 
 * * * avril jumped and let out a scream as a pair of hands grabbed her and pinned her against the outside wall . 
 a gun was put to her head too . 
 susan and i froze with joey held between us and the big guy with the scar moved in front of me and glared in my face . 
 he looked to joey and lifted his head up by the hair . 
 he shook his head and dropped joey 's back down . 
 joey moaned . 
 `` he looks a mess , freak , '' scarface said . 
 `` it 's not going to be his night , i 'm afraid . 
 not yours either . '' 
 nobody else said anything . 
 i could feel susan 's fear as she breathed hard , the surprise at being so close to getting joey out of there and now this . 
 she saw in my head that these guys were not part of joey 's gambling problem . 
 the drug field , and all they were , filled her head with dread . 
 they were not going to be any more forgiving than vito and greg . 
 `` what ? '' 
 scarface said . 
 `` cat got your tongue ? 
 oh wait . 
 you do n't even have one . 
 how the hell do you live , kid ? '' 
 silence . 
 except for joey 's ragged breathing . 
 `` your friend has n't been very talkative either , '' scarface said and he motioned to the car that was parked next to us . 
 rodney sat in the back , his eyes wide with fear and his face bruised and bloody . 
 i had no idea what they needed us to talk about , but apparently it was important enough for them to beat rodney up and come here with guns . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i told susan to say and she asked in a shaky voice . 
 `` we want to know what you told the cops , '' he said . 
 `` we told them everything we know , '' susan said . 
 `` i hope for your sake that was n't much . '' 
 `` i do n't even know who you are , '' i said through susan . 
 he looked at her and then at me . 
 `` what ? 
 she doing the talking for you ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` how the hell can she do that ? '' 
 i told her to tell them to go to hell . 
 she looked at me , unsure and i nodded at her . 
 `` he says you can go to hell . '' 
 scarface 's countenance darkened and the scar brightened in my vision . 
 it looked like a jagged lightning bolt across his face . 
 he punched joey in the stomach and joey doubled over , slipping out of our hands and kneeling on the ground . 
 scarface motioned for the smaller one and he dragged avril over in front of us . 
 the gun never left my head even as scarface deflated joey . 
 `` i 'm going to assume she 's more important to you than he is , '' scarface said . 
 `` if you touch her , '' i told susan to say . 
 `` you wo n't live the rest of the night . '' 
 she said it slowly and clearly . 
 the venom in her voice unmistakable , and his eyebrows went up the slightest bit . 
 he pushed the barrel of the gun harder into my head , a brittle irritating pain that made the energy in my back seethe beneath the surface . 
 i was starting to lose it . 
 `` no , linc , '' avril said . 
 she looked at me , worried and i turned away . 
 i did n't want to see her face . 
 `` i think it 's you who 's going to have a problem living with whatever happens here unless you come clean with us , '' scarface said , inches from my face . 
 `` do we need to be worried that we 're on some police radar ? 
 a murder rap to add to their anger ? '' 
 `` no , '' susan said , repeating what i told her . 
 `` why do n't i believe you ? '' 
 `` because you 're a fucking idiot , '' i said , and she repeated it cautiously . 
 she knew i was pushing his buttons . 
 he stepped back , the gun pointing at my head but no longer pressed to it . 
 he reared back and slapped avril across the face . 
 hard . 
 her head jerked to the side from the force of it and she cried out . 
 some blood trickled from the corner of her mouth . 
 a tremor surged through my body and colors popped into my vision as bright as i 'd ever seen , but i really was n't paying attention . 
 my focus was on scarface and his gun and the gun the shorter one now pressed to avril 's head . 
 my face began to throb , a deep pain erupting from within my body and i screamed , the voice coming from all around , a tortured animal sound that shattered the windows in the cars . 
 glass erupted and sprayed over scarface and me and i slammed my hands together in front of me , the red glowing energy blasting forth from every pore in my body and racing outward . 
 scarface and the short one were flung through the air into the wall behind them , their guns pinned next to them . 
 avril ducked and susan cried out , as my world came apart in my head and i saw nothing but blackness and blood . 
 i took a step toward them and peeled them off of the wall . 
 i pulled them to within a few inches of my face and held them there , blood leaking from their mouths and terror in their eyes . 
 the two guns came with them and i moved them to their own hands , manipulating them until they each held their own gun to the head of the other . 
 scarface started to cry . 
 `` do n't do it , '' he pleaded . 
 `` we just needed to know . '' 
 `` i warned you , '' my voice echoed , throbbing in my ears and vibrating the air . 
 `` no one hurts her . '' 
 the fingers on the triggers started to tremble and move and scarface 's eyes grew huge in his head . 
 the short one closed his eyes . 
 then avril was there . 
 her touch light on my arm , a glowing ember that i could see in my periphery . 
 i hesitated , the blackness receding just a bit , but i held them strong there in front of me . 
 `` linc . 
 i 'm all right . 
 do n't , '' she said . 
 `` you 'll hate yourself . '' 
 she started to cry . 
 `` you 'll hate me . 
 please . '' 
 i shook . 
 my arms trembling as the two men floated in front of me . 
 a part of me wanted these men to be gone from my life for ever . 
 to never threaten me or anyone i loved again . 
 it was strong . 
 very strong and i almost let it win . 
 i wanted it more than anything . 
 but her words rang in my ears , breaking through the electrical buzzing that permeated my brain and i saw her light . 
 it was warm and good and right and i let it wash over me . 
 i sagged into her arms , the two men collapsing to the ground , the guns flung away into the night . 
 the blackness left me quickly . 
 chased away by her softly glowing white color . 
 i breathed her in . 
 she held me as joey strained to stand and susan helped him up . 
 sirens could be heard in the distance as i let her soothe the ache in my body . 
 to my surprise , scarface just would n't get the message . 
 he stood slowly , his mouth and nose bleeding , glared at us and then quickly pulled a knife from his ankle . 
 he lunged at me , but i would have nothing of it . 
 with a flick of my wrist , i sent him flying into the wall again where he hung in the air for a moment , his eyes rolling up into his head and then i let him down . 
 he slumped on the ground . 
 the short one raised his hands in surrender and lay on the ground . 
 i told avril i was okay and to go in the warehouse and look . 
 she saw what i was thinking and ran inside . 
 she came back out in a few minutes with a box and she put it in susan 's trunk . 
 i hoped we would n't have to explain it . 
 vito and greg were still out cold . 
 when the police arrived , called by some neighbor whose window shattered from my voice , susan explained as best she could who all the unconscious bodies were and what we were doing there . 
 she left a lot out , but it was enough for them . 
 especially when we mentioned detective tate and he showed up a half hour later . 
 he came over to me and avril as we stood by the ambulance that joey was in and looked me over . 
 i was spent and i guess he could tell . 
 `` do you want to tell me about it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` does it matter if we do ? '' 
 avril asked him . 
 `` no . 
 we have enough on them to put them away for a long time . 
 i 'm just fuzzy on the bookies . 
 if your uncle lost a big bet , where is the money ? '' 
 `` that 's why they had him here . 
 he bet money he did n't have and they wanted it , '' avril told them , the white lie causing her aura to dim a bit . 
 he nodded , still not quite convinced . 
 `` how did you find him ? '' 
 `` i trust my intuition , '' she said and he smiled . 
 `` whatever that means . 
 anything else i should know about ? '' 
 `` my brother is still out there . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i feel like i 'm failing you on this . 
 just know that we are doing our best to find him . '' 
 tate went back to the group of cops who were working the case . 
 scarface and the shorter one were loaded into their own ambulance and taken to the hospital with a police escort . 
 rodney told the police he had been forced to help the men . 
 they had found him snooping around the marijuana field , something he had just stumbled upon in the woods , and they told him they would n't hurt him if he helped them . 
 his only job was to keep an eye on the place and make sure nobody messed with it . 
 he had failed and gotten beaten up for it . 
 the cops believed him and decided not to press charges . 
 for the moment . 
 rodney stared at me from within the ambulance he sat in with joey . 
 i walked up to check on joey and rodney nodded at me . 
 `` thanks , '' he said . 
 nothing more . 
 the ambulance drove off with them . 
 susan paced , worried and ready to follow . 
 tate said we were free to go , so we piled into her car , broken windows and all , and raced to catch up with the ambulance . 
 at the hospital , joey was cleaned and stitched up and released . 
 he was sore and weak , but in pretty good shape considering . 
 he kept apologizing , but when i showed him what was in the box in the trunk , his eyes grew bigger and worried . 
 `` they 'll come back now , '' he said . 
 `` shit . 
 these guys will never stop . '' 
 `` no they wo n't , '' susan said . 
 `` linc fixed that . 
 they do n't have any memory of it . '' 
 joey relaxed , his shoulders slumping and then he started to cry . 
 i turned away , still disappointed in him , but susan took him in her arms and held him . 
 we took him home when he calmed down and he slept all night . 
 mom never woke . 
 avril stole into my bed and we slept in each other 's arms . 
 i needed her and she needed me . 
 that 's all it was . 
 before i drifted off to sleep , my mind relived the darkness that had almost consumed me and i shivered . 
 it had made me feel powerful . 
 strong . 
 invincible . 
 i was smart enough to know that it was the blackness speaking to me . 
 teasing me . 
 luring me . 
 but i had her and she needed me . 
 if i were to give in to it , it would destroy us both . 
 avril stirred in her sleep and mumbled words i could n't understand . 
 i held her tight and kept repeating our words to each other over and over again . 
 `` more than love ... more than love ... more than love . '' 
 she quieted , her breath soft against my neck . 
 i followed her into sleep and dreamt of her . 
 episode 5 chapter 1 surprise i could not find her . 
 that was my dream . 
 my nightmare . 
 i had it for the first time a week ago and it tore me from my sleep , panting and sweating . 
 i laid in the dark , alone , hoping that she would n't wake in her room , my vision a part of her sleep , and tried to chase it from my mind . 
 it would n't go . 
 avril never woke , and i kept the dream to myself . 
 i did n't like hiding things from her , but it would be cruel for her to know . 
 in the morning , the world always looked different ; the darkness a high definition movie screen to bring out the best or worst in the fears and hopes of our dreams ; the sun , in its brightness , muted the distortions of the night and brought what was real into focus . 
 i hung on to that and let it rule the day . 
 the dream would be back . 
 i just did n't know it at the time . 
 * * * paul rose would not cooperate with authorities . 
 or maybe i should say the authorities would not cooperate with us . 
 he remained free despite the knowledge that he had murdered one woman and was more than likely involved in the death of another . 
 detective tate was pulling his hair out , but the district attorney 's office would not push it to the grand jury for lack of real evidence . 
 anything i had to say or show about him was not admissible . 
 so , paul roamed the streets of orange park and kept reappearing in our lives despite the restraining order . 
 the piece of paper was a piece of shit . 
 kaylin was beside herself and afraid everywhere she went . 
 i tried to be with her as much as i could , but it was impossible with school and football practice , and her work and college schedule . 
 and since the telepathy did not work unless i was around , she would not have advance knowledge that he was near . 
 and he knew that . 
 somehow he had figured that out . 
 i believed that bret was lurking nearby and feeding him information , guiding his moves . 
 it seemed we now had a team of psychopaths working against us , systematically punching holes in my armor and finding the weaknesses in the fence , so to speak . 
 the stress for me was incredibly high . 
 i did not want to wait around for them to show up . 
 i wanted to go on the offensive . 
 avril did not . 
 the week after all the excitement at the warehouse was the first game of the season . 
 coach had still not announced the starters and we all waited anxiously for the news . 
 we learned that he would not make the decision until game day . 
 so we all played like we were going to start . 
 pretty smart of him , if you ask me . 
 when paul showed up at practice , i felt him immediately , even before some of his old teammates recognized him and went up to him . 
 i did n't hesitate . 
 i walked up to him in the group that was surrounding him and pushed him up against the fence , using my energy , but mostly my arms . 
 i moved in close as hands tried to pry me away . 
 `` what the fuck are you doing here ? '' 
 i said . 
 he grinned at me , holding his hands up as i pressed him up against the fence . 
 `` easy , blank . '' 
 tuck ran over and so did the coaching staff when they saw what was happening . 
 tuck jumped in next to me and added his weight to mine , holding him against the fence . 
 a few of his old teammates were voicing their dislike of what i was doing , but most were on my side . 
 a little pushing and shoving happened behind me before coach got there . 
 `` keep coming around , paul , '' i said . 
 `` see what happens . 
 i can give you a sample right now if you 'd like . '' 
 coach pushed his way through the crowd and grabbed me , pulling me away . 
 he grabbed tuck next and held him back as tuck fought to get loose . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 coach shouted . 
 he pointed to paul . 
 `` you , leave now . '' 
 paul kept the grin on his face , but shook his shoulders and nodded his head . 
 `` sure , coach . 
 nice to see you too . '' 
 `` do n't give me that crap . 
 it 's not nice to see you . 
 get off of my practice field . '' 
 some of the players were grumbling . 
 coach turned to them . 
 `` all of you , back to practice . 
 now ! '' 
 he turned back to paul . 
 `` i do n't want to see you here again . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` whatever you say , coach . 
 whatever you say . '' 
 he walked off , waving to some of the players , and disappeared behind the bleachers . 
 i could no longer feel him in my head . 
 avril had come down from the stands and was standing at the fence . 
 i told her it was all right . 
 i was all right , and she said she loved me . 
 she always knew the right things to say at the right time . 
 coach pulled tuck and me over to the side and sat us down . 
 `` do i need to be worried about this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , coach , '' tuck said . 
 `` sorry , we just reacted . '' 
 he put his hands on his hips . 
 `` i guess i can understand where you 're coming from , but i ca n't let this kind of thing disrupt the team . 
 some of the players are still his friends . 
 although i have no idea why . 
 piece of crap trash . '' 
 `` he 'll be going back to jail soon , '' tuck said . 
 `` just not soon enough . '' 
 `` do you guys know something i do n't ? '' 
 tuck nodded . 
 `` he 's not a good guy . 
 even worse than everybody knows . 
 he 's a murderer , but they do n't have enough evidence against him yet . '' 
 `` you know this , how ? '' 
 tuck pointed to me . 
 `` linc can see in his head . '' 
 `` do n't , '' i said to tuck . 
 tuck turned to me . 
 `` he needs to know . '' 
 `` i do n't want him to know . '' 
 coach watched the interaction between us , but could n't hear the conversation . 
 after a few seconds of silence he said , `` what ? 
 that 's all you 're going to say . 
 ` linc can see in his head . ' 
 what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 i finally shrugged . 
 `` tell him . '' 
 tuck explained the telepathy , how he and i were connected and that paul was connected too . 
 he then explained about melody sager and coleen dyson . 
 he sat on the bench and stared at us . 
 `` i do n't believe this . '' 
 he started to put two and two together . 
 `` is that how you guys do it ? 
 i was wondering how you two were always on the same page . '' 
 we nodded . 
 `` paul 's a killer . 
 it 's hard to comprehend . 
 let me guess . 
 the police ca n't use your testimony to put him away , that about right ? '' 
 we nodded again . 
 he stood . 
 `` you two be careful . 
 hell , we 'll all need to be careful . '' 
 i could see he was thinking and then he waved us back out onto the field . 
 `` get back to practice . '' 
 we stood up and started to move away . 
 `` if you need something , '' he said then , `` you come to me . 
 anything . 
 keep me in the loop on this thing . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' tuck said . 
 `` we will . '' 
 coach nodded once and watched us jog off . 
 i wondered if we had made things better or worse . 
 joey picked us up . 
 he was still recovering from his beating and had lost his job in the process . 
 sometimes , when the world sees you 're down , it grows a pair of big feet and kicks you even more . 
 joey was all the way to the curb . 
 still , it was good not to have to walk home . 
 mom was worried about us anyway and insisted that he do this . 
 he did n't object . 
 he just did n't say anything . 
 he had n't done much talking since the beating except to apologize over and over again . 
 we were tired of hearing it . 
 susan was over every day after work , trying to pull him up out of the gutter , but he was down pretty low and it was going to take time . 
 i was no longer angry at him . 
 we had the money back . 
 he just needed to get it into his head that we all did n't hate him . 
 we piled into the truck , tuck in the back and avril and me in the front with joey . 
 he said three words , then nothing more . 
 `` how was practice ? '' 
 `` different , '' avril said . 
 he nodded , but apparently did n't want to know more . 
 avril reached across and touched his arm as he pulled out of the lot . 
 he glanced down at her fingers and then up at her . 
 `` we love you , joey , '' she said . 
 his face sagged and his eyes watered up . 
 he took a deep breath and fought the tears . 
 he nodded once , touched her hand with his , and squeezed . 
 then he concentrated on driving . 
 avril scooted closer to me and leaned against my shoulder . 
 sometimes , i wished i could show the world her glow . 
 it would stop all the fighting and wars , jealousy and spite , suffering and loneliness , all with a single glance . 
 it could take your breath away and you would n't even realize you were holding it until your lungs started screaming or you passed out with a smile on your face , blissfully at peace . 
 she saw what i was thinking and looked up at me . 
 she leaned closer . 
 `` show me , '' she whispered . 
 i touched her face and showed her . 
 she smiled at herself in my eyes and closed hers . 
 i was the luckiest kid on earth . 
 as we pulled up to the house , kaylin was sitting on the porch and stood as we parked . 
 she was crying . 
 avril rushed to her , all of us right behind . 
 `` he showed up at my work , '' she said . 
 `` he told me horrible things he would do to me . '' 
 i saw them in my head and the anger flared bright red in my chest . 
 `` take me to his house , '' i told tuck to tell joey . 
 `` no , '' kaylin said . 
 `` i called the police already . 
 they 're on their way over there . '' 
 `` he wo n't stop , '' i said , `` until i stop him . '' 
 `` but then you 'll be in jail , '' kaylin said . 
 `` and i could n't stand that . 
 please , linc . 
 just wait until they arrest him . '' 
 i slumped to the porch , frustrated that she was right . 
 i felt helpless with all this power i had , and it ate at me inside . 
 the police were useless and they were going to get us all hurt , or worse , with their incompetence . 
 kaylin went in with joey as tuck headed home . 
 he felt just as helpless as i did . 
 avril sat with me on the porch and stroked pepper 's soft coat as she lay at her feat . 
 sadie came up and nudged my hand . 
 i scratched her ears and tried to put it out of my head . 
 it was difficult . 
 a car i recognized pulled into our drive and i tensed . 
 sadie felt it in me and she growled low in her throat . 
 i soothed her and told her to quiet . 
 rodney stepped from his car and looked us over . 
 he was still showing some bruises and cuts on his face , but looked better than joey did . 
 he glanced down the street , as if he were unsure of what he was doing , and then finally closed the car door and walked up . 
 avril kept quiet , but leaned closer to me . 
 `` coach wo n't let me practice until i heal up , '' he said , as if we were just shooting the breeze on the corner or after practice . 
 i did n't know what to make of it , so i stayed quiet . 
 he laughed , tense , and looked away again . 
 `` i 'd probably be out a lot longer if things had been different . '' 
 `` what are you doing here , rodney ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` i guess what i 'm saying -- what i mean , is -- thanks . '' 
 i sat , stunned , and avril looked at me . 
 `` i think they would have killed me if you had n't done what you did , '' he said . 
 `` i know i have n't been anybody you 'd even talk to and i do n't blame you , but i just wanted you to know . 
 i wo n't be like i was before . 
 you saved my life and i owe you . '' 
 he stuck his hand out and i sat there for a second , unsure . 
 then , i reached out and took it in my own . 
 he shook it once . 
 `` tell him he does n't owe me . 
 he just does n't know me , '' i said . 
 avril told him and he nodded . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i do n't . 
 i 'll make it up to you , though . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 `` i guess we will , '' avril said and smiled . 
 he stood there for a minute , looking back and forth between the two of us and then pulled something from his back pocket . 
 it was some kind of necklace , or jewelry . 
 `` i know paul 's back , and he 's been hanging around . 
 i kept this . 
 he does n't know . 
 we all got drunk one night with your brother and he pulled this out bragging about hurting her . 
 he dropped it and i picked it up . 
 i 'm pretty sure it belongs to one of those girls they found . '' 
 i stood , shocked , and took it from him . 
 it was a locket . 
 small , gold , with a flower on the front . 
 as i held it , thinking that it looked familiar , a vision slammed into my head and i wavered there on my feet . 
 avril saw it too and took deep breaths as it played out . 
 `` hey , '' rodney said . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 i ignored him and leaned on avril . 
 coleen dyson was smiling with the sun behind her and the wind blowing her hair as she rode in the passenger seat of a car . 
 the sun was going down and it made her hair shine in sections that betrayed her real beauty . 
 she laughed and it echoed in my head . 
 then the vision turned to bret who was driving the car . 
 he was smiling too and then he winked . 
 the vision skipped to her lifeless face as she lay on the dark , cold ground and a hand was pulling away , the necklace held in the fingers . 
 it blinked out . 
 i looked up at rodney who was staring at me , his hand reaching for me , but unsure , and he let it fall back to his side when he saw i was fine . 
 he turned to avril . 
 `` is he all right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , breathless . 
 `` it 's just -- he saw -- nothing . 
 thank you , rodney . 
 i know the police will want this . 
 you 'll probably have to talk to them too . '' 
 `` i do n't mind . 
 i never really liked paul anyway . 
 andy was his buddy and a lot like him too . '' 
 he turned to go and we watched him drive off . 
 avril smiled at me . 
 `` that was a surprise , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't know if i should trust him . '' 
 `` give him a chance . 
 people change . '' 
 i was n't so sure about that . 
 maybe they did , but rodney had hated me . 
 i had felt it . 
 and i found it hard to believe the hate that was buried deep in his heart would n't resurface . 
 i 'd be careful around him just the same . 
 chapter 2 `` you 're in '' and sydney detective tate came out after avril called and took the locket into evidence . 
 he was fairly certain it belonged to coleen dyson as her parents had reported that she wore it all the time and it had not been found with the body . 
 he would n't be able to confirm it , though , until he showed it to them . 
 paul had disappeared . 
 when they went to confront him for breaking the restraining order , he was not at his parents ' house . 
 they had n't seen him in days . 
 now he was in violation of his parole and when they found him they 'd have multiple grounds to lock him up again . 
 too bad he was no where to be seen . 
 avril 's birthday was in a week and she was turning sixteen . 
 a big day in any young girl 's life and we all felt the excitement as it grew closer . 
 joey , some life flickering back into his eyes , decided he would teach her to drive his truck and we spent the next few days with her behind the wheel , learning from his years of driving bad vehicles . 
 she was a quick learner . 
 friday arrived without any interference from paul rose or avril 's brother , bret , and i was beginning to think that they had left town . 
 i could only hope . 
 i still had no idea if they were even associating with one another , but the logic said , yes . 
 it would be too convenient for them not to . 
 coach danforth held a meeting before school started and the whole team was waiting to hear the starters . 
 avril was with tuck and me in the gym as coach announced them . 
 i was not one of them . 
 i was disappointed , but not surprised . 
 i was still young and it would be pretty rare for a sophomore to be the starting quarterback of the varsity team . 
 still , i felt i had done a better job than kyle ansel . 
 tuck was also not starting , and his anger at this was not hidden very well . 
 he left the building and kicked a trashcan on the way out . 
 avril knew i was okay , she could see it , so she touched my shoulder and i nodded to her . 
 she went after tuck . 
 i watched her calm him down outside the gym and when he hugged her i smiled inside . 
 she had a way with everyone and it was pretty near impossible to stay down around her . 
 they walked back in together and sat down . 
 `` sorry , '' tuck said . 
 `` we 'll get there , '' i said to him and he nodded . 
 on the way out , coach waved us over . 
 he waited until all the players had filed out and sat us down in his office . 
 `` i want you two to be ready , '' he said . 
 `` the seniors deserve their chance to start and that 's what i based my decision on . 
 but if they are not performing , you two are going in . 
 got it ? '' 
 tuck grinned and we both nodded . 
 avril squeezed my hand under the desk . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` get out of here . '' 
 outside the gym avril grinned at us . 
 `` see ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` you got all worked up for nothing . '' 
 `` i know , '' tuck said . 
 `` you 're always right . '' 
 `` well , not always . '' 
 at the pep rally during fifth period , the team was announced to the cheers of the students . 
 the atmosphere was electric , the football team a big deal in this town , and the students really got behind the team . 
 when they announced my name , a few kids applauded , but a few also booed and made catcalls . 
 tuck grew angry , but i told him it was all right . 
 i was used to it by now . 
 but he and avril could see it hurt me . 
 i tried , but i could n't hide it from them . 
 after school , we went with the team to a local restaurant and had steak for dinner . 
 well , they had steak . 
 i sat and watched everybody else eat . 
 it was a tradition with the team and the owner of the restaurant had opened up his place for them since the school 's inception in 1964 . 
 superstition can play a big part in sports and , in the past , if the team missed its steak dinner , they lost . 
 this team was not going to miss an opportunity to have the stars align for them . 
 even if they had a player who could n't eat . 
 at least i was there . 
 `` can they grind it up and give it to you through the tube ? '' 
 bedlam asked . 
 he was n't being mean . 
 he was serious , and offered up some of his steak for me . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 `` i 've never tried it . '' 
 he looked at what i typed and waved the waiter over . 
 `` blend this up for my teammate , '' bedlam said . 
 `` blend it up ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 so we can give it through his tube . '' 
 he pointed at my nostrils and the waiter moved in closer . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it wo n't taste very good . '' 
 `` he ca n't taste it anyway . '' 
 the waiter left and brought back a pasty looking brown glop a few minutes later and bedlam got waterboy to squeeze it into my tube with one of the syringes he used for my drinks . 
 the whole team watched , almost silent , and when it was down , they cheered . 
 apparently they had been worried about messing with the mojo . 
 bedlam raised my hand with his above our heads in a victory salute and i even saw coach smiling . 
 avril smiled big next to me and i glanced at her embarrassed . 
 rodney even cheered . 
 maybe things were looking up . 
 joey let avril drive everyone to the game , and though she protested , not sure if she felt comfortable with all of our lives in her hands , she did a great job . 
 `` awesome , '' tuck said when we arrived . 
 `` you only hit two old ladies today . '' 
 she gave him a look . 
 `` i 'd like to see you try . '' 
 `` you got it . 
 i 'm driving home . '' 
 `` oh no you 're not , '' joey said . 
 `` i 'm driving home , '' i said . 
 `` linc says he 's driving home , '' avril told him . 
 joey turned to me . 
 `` do you think you can drive ? '' 
 `` he says , does a bear shit in the woods , '' avril told him , and we were all so shocked that a word like that would slip out of her innocent mouth , -lrb- i had n't said it to her -rrb- we sat there stunned for a second and then everybody burst out laughing . 
 `` okay , linc 's driving home . '' 
 it was good to see joey laugh again . 
 the whole school , maybe even the whole town , had turned out for the game and the butterflies flew inside all of our stomachs , but mostly we were anxious to play . 
 practice was just practice and we all had something to prove to ourselves . 
 mom , joey , susan , kaylin , and tuck 's mom , janice , were in the stands together near the fifty yard line and they wore jerseys with our numbers on them . 
 i told them we were n't starting and probably would n't even play , but they got into it anyway . 
 it was fun to have a cheering section . 
 in the locker room , coach told us he expected the best from everyone . 
 `` believe in yourself and your teammates . 
 trust your gut and play from the heart . 
 if you do that , no one can fault you for what happens . 
 i believe in you and i trust you . '' 
 he paused and looked around the room . 
 it was dead silent . 
 `` all right . 
 enough of the warm fuzzies . 
 let 's kick some ass . '' 
 the room erupted in cheers and we jumped to our feet and ran onto the field . 
 the crowd was loud and rambunctious and its energy fed into us and gave us a boost . 
 bedlam grinned at me and gave me a shove . 
 `` show time , '' he said . 
 the game started well with us running the opening kick off back for a touchdown . 
 the crowd went crazy and the excitement on the bench ratcheted up to an almost unbearable level . 
 the adrenalin was flowing . 
 then the game went downhill . 
 kyle ansel , the starting quarterback , could n't seem to complete a pass and was even intercepted in the second quarter , the defensive back returning it for a touchdown . 
 a pick six for a starting quarterback is always something hard to overcome , and kyle could n't seem to get out of his funk . 
 by the fourth quarter , the score was 21 to 17 in favor of the other team and they were driving down the field , looking like they were going to score again . 
 they had a receiver on their team who our corners could n't seem to cover and he was beating us on just about every play . 
 our coaches were looking frustrated and the team was down on itself , the crowd out of the game as well . 
 coach finally turned and pointed to tuck . 
 `` tuck , get in there . 
 take folsey 's place . '' 
 tuck looked around , surprised . 
 `` me coach ? 
 i 'm a receiver . '' 
 `` do n't argue with me . 
 get in there and stick to that receiver like glue . 
 i know you can do it . 
 i 've seen you . '' 
 i pushed him off the bench and tuck looked at me . 
 `` go ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` he 's right . 
 you 'll know how to beat him . 
 you know everything he 's thinking . 
 think like him . 
 you got this . '' 
 tuck grinned and ran onto the field . 
 the next play , tuck lined up across his man and the ball was hiked . 
 we all watched as the receiver made a move inside , but tuck was right there , positioned perfectly inside of him , and as the ball came their way he dived in front and knocked it to the ground . 
 the crowd cheered and a few stood on their feet . 
 coach gave one fist pump . 
 it was now third down and the other team needed five yards for the first . 
 the ball was hiked and tuck stuck to his man mimicking his every move . 
 the ball came their way again , perfectly thrown , but a bad decision on their quarterback 's part . 
 they had grown too comfortable with us and tuck was about to show them the error of their ways . 
 tuck saw the ball leave the quarterback 's hands and moved to make a play , jumping in front of the receiver . 
 a gasp went up in the crowd as the ball fell into tuck 's hands and he took off . 
 his speed was something to witness and he ran it back fifty yards before the receiver he had been covering caught him and pushed him out of bounds . 
 the crowd went crazy . 
 kyle and the offense went in with only two minutes left in the game . 
 we had a chance if we could just put some points on the board . 
 our whole sideline was slapping tuck 's helmet and congratulating him . 
 he grinned huge and held on to the ball . 
 he did n't want to give it away . 
 coach gave him a thumbs-up and i could see tuck 's pride flowing over . 
 disaster struck on the first play of our series . 
 a big linebacker blitzed on the play and got past the tackle . 
 he slammed into kyle and lifted him off the ground . 
 when they came down together , kyle was crushed under the linebacker and did n't get up . 
 the doc and the coaches ran out on the field and we waited as they worked on him . 
 he was able to get up and walk off , but his shoulder was dislocated and that was it for the game . 
 i knew what was coming , but when coach signaled for me , i still could n't believe it . 
 `` linc , it 's time to show these people what you were meant to do . 
 prove to them that you 're just as good as they are . 
 i know you can do it . 
 i 've seen it . 
 now , show them . '' 
 he waved his arm at the noisy crowd and i nodded my head . 
 he turned to tuck . 
 `` you too , tuck . 
 get in there . 
 show them the magic you two have . 
 kick some ass ! '' 
 they announced my name to the crowd as we ran onto the field and an audible groan could be heard in a small section . 
 most did n't know who i was and the noise level went up when they saw me . 
 even in a helmet , there was no mistaking my deformity . 
 we were about to line up for the first play when the whistle blew and the other team called a time out . 
 the coaches on their side were pointing at me and gesturing at the referees and i could only guess at what they were saying . 
 the other team 's players were getting a good look at me and the usual crap started right up . 
 `` what the hell is that ? '' 
 `` you guys have a freak playing quarterback ? '' 
 `` how the hell can he play ? 
 he ca n't even talk . '' 
 `` i 'm coming for you creep . 
 get ready for the pain . '' 
 our coaches argued with the head ref as more objections came from the other sideline . 
 the refs all huddled and must have decided that there was nothing they could do about me and no rule was being broken that they could determine . 
 they blew the whistle and the game was on . 
 the system we had worked out with me in the game involved plays being sent in with the players as they rotated positions . 
 rodney called the play in the huddle and we broke for the line . 
 the center would make the snap count and we moved on his call . 
 i stood directly under center and would hand the ball off to the running back for this first play . 
 the ball was hiked and my fingers did n't want to cooperate . 
 i dropped the ball and had to fall on it for a loss . 
 the crowd moaned . 
 the other team laughed and yelled that i sucked , and i did my best to ignore it . 
 in the huddle , it was third down and we had fifteen yards to go for a first . 
 the team looked at me , dejected . 
 the call came in with tuck and we broke the huddle . 
 `` we can do this ! '' 
 tuck shouted , and lined up across from his defensive corner . 
 the ball was hiked to me , and tuck and rodney took off . 
 i told tuck to break inside , the space was wide open and i let the ball fly , the energy in my hand giving it a boost . 
 he turned to meet it just as it arrived and he pulled it in and took off . 
 the crowd roared and was on its feet . 
 tuck ran it past the first down marker and was tackled inside their twenty yard line . 
 i looked to the sideline and coach was grinning . 
 he gave me a thumbs-up . 
 the clock was still ticking and we had just over a minute to go . 
 the play came in with the running back and we ran an option play . 
 the back gained a couple of yards , running out of bounds to stop the clock . 
 on the next play , we ran the ball again and gained only a yard , the running back tackled just on the other side of the line . 
 the clock kept running and we had no more timeouts . 
 rodney came running in with the play as the clock ticked past thirty seconds . 
 we broke the huddle for the line and tuck and rodney both lined up on the same side . 
 it seemed to confuse the defense for a minute and then they sent a linebacker to cover rodney . 
 he grinned at me and the ball was hiked . 
 tuck took off along the sideline and rodney streaked toward the center of the field , but both were covered . 
 a linebacker on the other team broke free of my left tackle and came running for me . 
 i ducked and stepped left out from under his arms and looked up for tuck . 
 he was covered . 
 i saw rodney open and whipped the ball over the hands of another linebacker and it flew true as i was slammed to the ground . 
 i could n't see , but when i heard the crowd go wild , i knew what had happened . 
 there were eight seconds left on the clock and i had just thrown the touchdown that put us ahead . 
 the stands were in an uproar and as i stood , the noise hit me in the chest like a wall of sound . 
 i could see our players holding their hands up , jumping up and down and coach danforth and another coach hugging each other . 
 in the stands joey was up on the fence , pumping his fist in the air and kaylin , avril , mom , and janice all screamed at the top of their lungs . 
 bedlam ran out on the field and picked me up , some of the other players joined him and started chanting , `` blank ! 
 blank ! 
 blank ! '' 
 the crowd picked up on it and joined in the chant , it slowly spreading as my nickname reverberated off of the stands . 
 rodney ran up with the ball in his hand and handed it to me as they carried me off the field . 
 i raised it high and the chant grew louder . 
 when things settled , we kicked the extra point and then kicked the ball to the other team , where they tried to run it back , but it was futile . 
 the return man was tackled as the clock expired and the game was ours . 
 we stormed the field in celebration as the crowd joined in . 
 i could n't believe how happy i felt . 
 it was a great night . 
 after the game , joey kept his word and let me drive the truck home . 
 i managed to avoid getting us killed , but avril was the better driver . 
 still , it felt like i was the king of the world and as avril held me in her arms it was as if all the things that had been wrong in my life were suddenly right . 
 maybe i would fit in . 
 just maybe . 
 * * * on avril 's birthday , she got her driver 's license . 
 joey and i went with her and she passed with flying colors . 
 the smile on her face matched the smile in her picture i.d. and she waved it at us proudly . 
 joey gave her a hug . 
 `` see , girl ? 
 i knew you had it in you . '' 
 `` only because i had an awesome teacher , '' she said . 
 `` well ... '' joey was getting back to his old self and i hoped he would keep things in perspective . 
 he was back out looking for a job , the housing industry in a resurgence , and i knew it was just a matter of time before he would be working again . 
 avril had found a job this week also . 
 turning sixteen meant a lot of new things opening up for her , and though mom was worried for her being out on her own with bret and paul out there , avril made it clear that she was not going to let them run her life . 
 i worried about her too , but she was not going to let that change her mind either . 
 she found a part time job at the zoo , susan helping her there , and i would be joining her in a couple of months . 
 she loved the animals and it was the one place she really wanted to go . 
 she would start next weekend and work every saturday until school was out . 
 it was n't much , but it was enough for her . 
 joey let us use his truck and after everyone in the house , including tuck and susan , celebrated with presents and birthday cake , avril drove me to the mall where we went on an actual date and watched a movie . 
 there was something special about being out in the world on our own and she grinned the whole time . 
 `` i 'm so happy , '' she whispered in my ear . 
 `` just you and me . 
 i get you all to my self . '' 
 `` what are you going to do with me ? '' 
 `` never let you go . '' 
 `` i can live with that . '' 
 when you had a good thing , never let it go . 
 and she was my good thing . 
 at the mall , we ran in to some kids from school and they hung out with us as we all waited for the movie to start . 
 they had been at the game and were all smiles for avril and me , still staring at my face as they got a good close-up look at the quarterback who threw the winning touchdown . 
 but no one laughed behind my back or whispered jokes to each other . 
 a new girl i 'd never seen before , but avril knew , sat with us and stared at me . 
 her aura was something i 'd never seen before , a brilliant dark red with an edge of orange that flickered along the outline of it . 
 it made her appear as if she were on fire . 
 it was beautiful . 
 she had just moved here from georgia . 
 i could n't help but stare at her as she appeared to burn in front of me . 
 `` hi , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm sydney . '' 
 `` this is lincoln , sydney , '' avril said . 
 `` but everyone calls him linc . '' 
 `` i thought it was blank . '' 
 `` well , that too , but his friends do n't call him that . 
 just the team and i guess the school now . '' 
 `` i like linc better , '' sydney said . 
 she continued to stare at me , and actually shifted her head as if inspecting me . 
 it was unsettling . 
 `` sydney , '' avril laughed . 
 `` you do n't have to examine him . 
 just talk to him . '' 
 `` there 's something about him , '' she said . 
 `` i see this light around him . 
 it 's faint but it 's blue . 
 do you see it ? '' 
 avril and i were both shocked and we looked at each other . 
 `` you see it ? '' 
 avril asked , a look of wonder on her face . 
 sydney nodded and smiled big . 
 `` he 's beautiful . '' 
 i felt my face redden and avril smiled so big it probably hurt her face . 
 she leaned in closer and hugged me to her . 
 `` he is , is n't he ? 
 i ca n't believe you see it . 
 nobody but me does . '' 
 `` it 's faint , but it 's there . 
 that 's why i was staring . 
 sorry . 
 i thought there was something wrong with my eyes . '' 
 `` do you see colors around anybody else ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` no . 
 should i ? '' 
 `` i can . 
 so can linc . 
 it 's their aura . 
 not everybody can see them . '' 
 a couple of guys walked by and one saw linc and nudged the others . 
 `` hey blank . 
 great game , man . 
 you were awesome ! '' 
 i waved , uncomfortable with all the attention . 
 they high-fived me and moved away . 
 sydney was smiling . 
 `` linc , you 're the town hero at the moment . 
 that has to feel good . '' 
 `` he 's embarrassed , '' avril said . 
 `` he says he does n't like all the attention . '' 
 `` he says ? 
 you know what he 's thinking ? '' 
 avril paused and i do n't know why she decided to tell sydney . 
 we barely knew her . 
 `` we have a connection , '' avril said . 
 `` i can read his mind and he can read mine . '' 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 avril shook her head . 
 `` can he read mine ? '' 
 sydney asked , looking embarrassed . 
 `` no . 
 he has to connect with you first for that to happen . '' 
 `` maybe we should n't tell her all this , '' i said . 
 `` you think ? '' 
 avril said out loud . 
 `` i do n't know if i want people to know about it . '' 
 `` they probably guess already , '' she said . 
 `` are you two talking to each other in your heads ? '' 
 sydney asked , smiling . 
 `` yeah , sorry . 
 he 's worried it will get around about us . 
 keep it to yourself , okay ? '' 
 `` i promise , '' sydney said , but i wondered what that really meant . 
 they called our movie and we stood to go . 
 sydney was seeing the same one , so she walked along with us and decided to sit with us . 
 she and avril chatted away about school and things while we waited for the movie to start , and i watched all the kids cut up and goof off like they always did . 
 one older guy who was here with his date was getting pissed and he yelled at a group of kids to shut up . 
 of course , they did n't listen and the guy grew even angrier . 
 he stood up and went to them , yelling at them to shut their mouths . 
 one of the kids threw popcorn at him as the other ones laughed . 
 i did n't think this was going to turn out well . 
 avril sensed my worry and grabbed my hand to calm me down . 
 we watched as the guy lost it . 
 he grabbed the first kid by the shirt and pulled him up . 
 `` listen you little fuck . 
 if you do n't shut the hell up , i 'm going to beat you until you ca n't even open your mouth . '' 
 `` easy , mister . 
 we were just messing around , '' the kid said . 
 the guy dropped him back in his seat and walked back to his girlfriend . 
 one of the kids got brave again and yelled , `` fuck you , asshole ! '' 
 the guy stopped in his tracks and turned back . 
 his girlfriend called to him . 
 `` no , john . 
 come on . 
 leave them alone . '' 
 john pulled something from his pocket and it flashed in the low light . 
 he pointed it at the first kid and lunged for him with the other hand . 
 i reacted without thinking . 
 i threw energy at his hand and the knife he was holding flew out of it and stuck in the wall . 
 john looked at his empty hand . 
 he turned to the wall and walked over to the knife . 
 he stared for a second , his anger being replaced with confusion and then he pulled it from the wall . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 avril whispered . 
 i held up my hand for her to wait . 
 john came back toward the kids , but they were up and moving away quickly . 
 `` get back over here , '' john yelled , and i sent more energy to him as he started to chase them . 
 he tripped because of me and fell between the seats where i lost sight of him . 
 i heard the knife clatter to the floor . 
 the kids , scared shitless now , ran out of the theater as john picked himself back up . 
 he searched on the ground for his knife but could n't find it . 
 he finally gave up and went back to his girlfriend . 
 i decided to give him one more treat . 
 some energy sent his way caused him to slip on the floor and fall backwards onto this ass . 
 a few people laughed and one guy even clapped . 
 `` way to go john , '' a voice mocked , and he picked himself back up , embarrassed . 
 he grabbed his girlfriend 's hand and pulled her out of the theater . 
 they and the other boys did n't return . 
 avril was staring at me and i turned to her . 
 then she started to giggle . 
 `` that was great , '' she said . 
 `` and nobody really got hurt . '' 
 `` i thought you 'd like that . '' 
 `` what are you two talking about ? '' 
 sydney asked . 
 `` nothing , '' avril said , but smiled at me . 
 she 'd keep that secret to herself . 
 sydney leaned out to stare at me again . 
 `` you 're glowing in here , '' she said . 
 `` it 's the most beautiful blue i 've ever seen . '' 
 `` tell her that her aura is cool too , '' i said . 
 `` do you see it ? '' 
 `` oh yes . 
 it 's like magic , '' avril said . 
 she told sydney what i said and her eyes lit up . 
 `` what color am i ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` do you want to see ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 she nodded . 
 i did n't know if i wanted to do this . 
 there was something about sydney that got to me and it bothered me . 
 i looked to avril , and she told me it was all right . 
 `` hold still , okay ? '' 
 avril told sydney and she nodded , her aura brightening with curiosity as her face glowed in the low light . 
 i reached out my fingers and touched her face . 
 something happened . 
 i did n't know what it was , but it was from her . 
 i 'd never felt it before and it made me jump and then my arm started to quiver . 
 she gasped as i showed her the beauty of herself , but what i was feeling was what concerned me more . 
 she opened to me , as if i had allowed her to touch my face , and she poured into me before i could think . 
 a bright crimson life that spoke of fun and danger , joy and thrills , and i saw a kind of person who could never be boring . 
 her life force was so strong , demanding and powerful , and it drew me in . 
 i pulled my hand away and stared at my fingers , the memory of her in my head . 
 she opened her eyes , her lips parted slightly as her breath moved quickly in and out and she held my gaze . 
 i heard her then , in my head , softly telling me she knew me . 
 `` thank you , '' she said in my head . 
 `` i knew you were special . '' 
 avril was smiling , watching sydney 's face and she spoke as if she had no idea what just happened between sydney and me . 
 `` did you see ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 sydney tore her gaze from me and looked at avril . 
 she nodded , glancing quickly at me , and then said , `` it was pretty cool . 
 i do n't like bragging about myself , but the colors around me were very pretty . '' 
 `` i told you . 
 you are beautiful . 
 even inside . '' 
 sydney smiled big then , and hugged avril . 
 `` did you know he has a face ? '' 
 sydney said then . 
 `` i can see it . 
 it 's like a ghost of him . 
 he 's kind of cute . '' 
 avril 's mouth fell open and she turned to me , then back to sydney . 
 `` oh my god . 
 i thought i was the only one to see . 
 he 's handsome , i know . 
 i love him more than anything . '' 
 `` so it 's love , '' sydney said into my head and i flinched at her voice . 
 it was different in my head and it teased my senses and beckoned me to tease her back . 
 i cowered slightly , afraid at what avril was going to think of this , but she did n't respond . 
 i was beginning to think that avril was n't a part of this connection with sydney . 
 `` no , '' sydney said to me . 
 `` she would n't be , would she ? 
 it 's just you and me . 
 i 'm special too and i 've waited my whole life to find someone like me . 
 now i have . 
 i ca n't wait to share it with you . '' 
 `` i do n't know what to say , '' i said to her . 
 `` i do n't believe this . '' 
 `` it 's real . 
 now you and i are one . 
 is n't it cool ? '' 
 it was definitely something and i smiled inside at it . 
 i had shared my mind with a number of people in my life , but she was the first who knew what it really meant to be connected . 
 she had that feeling too and i could sense it inside of me . 
 it touched a place that only she could touch and the intimacy of it made me blush . 
 sydney allison was just like me and the shock at finding another to share what i really felt was both exhilarating and frightening . 
 i turned to avril , her glow that beautiful shimmer of pink and white i had grown to love so much , and i touched her mind with mine and she turned to me smiling . 
 `` i love you too , '' she said . 
 sydney smiled in her seat next to avril and sent me one more thought before she closed herself off to me . 
 and yes , she could shut herself down . 
 she had learned it somehow and i marveled at what she was . 
 `` she is beautiful , '' sydney said . 
 `` something special to be cherished and protected . 
 but she 's frail . 
 she wo n't survive this brutal world and you ca n't protect her . 
 i 'm strong and i know what you need . '' 
 she blinked out of my head like a switch and i turned to her , watching . 
 she stared at the screen , the previews now starting , and laughed at something i missed . 
 sydney was special , that was for sure . 
 but how special i would only learn later . 
 chapter 3 coming home school on monday was a trip . 
 the game on friday was still buzzing around and i had a throng of new friends and kids who suddenly became nice to me . 
 the irony was not lost on me , but i let them have what made them feel good and took all the positive energy in . 
 it was difficult to become bitter at them , shallow as they were , and i basked in the glow of all the attention . 
 avril walked with her hand in mine down the halls , and smiled at everything that was happening . 
 `` you proved to them you 're not a freak , '' she said . 
 `` i know it 's kind of irritating , but it 's pretty cool too . 
 you deserve it . '' 
 `` it was only two passes and a few minutes in a game . 
 what if i blow the next one ? '' 
 `` you wo n't . 
 i 've seen it . '' 
 she smiled and gave me a kiss as she left for her class . 
 i went to first period and mr. cartright was wearing my jersey . 
 he gave me a thumbs-up and i waved at him , unsure what else to do . 
 `` that was a great game on friday , linc . 
 you can really zing that ball . '' 
 `` thanks mr. c , '' i typed . 
 `` it was just one game . '' 
 he leaned closer and whispered . 
 `` not used to all the attention , i see . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` enjoy it . 
 you 've earned it . 
 just do n't let it go to your head . '' 
 he winked at me and i took my seat . 
 as i leaned over to put my books under the seat , a crimson glow entered the room and i saw sydney allison walk up to mr. c and hand him a piece of paper . 
 she glanced at me and smiled . 
 mr. c nodded his head to her and told her to take a seat . 
 she headed straight for me and sat down next to me . 
 `` hi , '' she said . 
 `` hey . 
 i did n't know you were in my class . '' 
 `` i just got changed . 
 they stuck me in regular classes when i got here last week until my testing grades were back . 
 now i 'm here with you . '' 
 she touched my arm as she smiled at me , and a tingle of electricity raced along my skin . 
 her eyes found me , and held me , the smoldering glow around her head mesmerizing . 
 she leaned closer and whispered in my ear . 
 `` you 're mouth is hanging open , linc . 
 i can see it . '' 
 she smiled big and knew what she was doing to me . 
 i thought of my mouth closing , the ghost of one she could see , and she nodded once . 
 `` that 's better . '' 
 `` in case you 've been living in a cave , '' mr. c started , as the class settled down , `` and missed the game on friday , our very own lincoln delabar threw the game winning touchdown to beat middleburg in the final seconds . 
 thus , the jersey . '' 
 he waved his hand over his ensemble with a flourish . 
 `` stand up , linc . '' 
 the class clapped and cheered . 
 `` i missed you yesterday , '' sydney suddenly said in my head . 
 `` i thought about you all day . '' 
 the applause faded into the background as her eyes locked onto me . 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 i asked , stupidly , not sure what else to say to her . 
 i tried to keep my attention on mr. c and the rest of the class who were singing my praises , but having her in my head demanded all my attention . 
 and she knew it . 
 `` why do you think , silly ? 
 i know you 're attracted to me . 
 i can see it . 
 we 're one , remember . '' 
 i pushed her away and the cheers roared back into my head from the class . 
 i bowed slightly , not sure what else to do and i could feel my face redden . 
 `` i do believe mr. delabar is embarrassed , '' mr. c said smiling . 
 `` all right . 
 great job , linc . 
 time for class stuff now . '' 
 the room erupted in light hearted groans and mr. c waved it down with his hands . 
 sydney glanced sideways at me , the smile on her face matching the blazing inferno around her body , and then she shut me out again . 
 just like that . 
 i barely heard a word of class the rest of the period . 
 i was in trouble . 
 * * * the rest of the day was a blur of congratulations and uncontrolled thoughts spinning in my head . 
 sydney allison had really gotten to me and i could n't get her out of my head . 
 when i saw avril in fourth period , she was all smiles for me , the turmoil inside me kept from her . 
 i did n't know how she was n't able to see it , but i was glad for it . 
 maybe sydney had done something to me when i touched her at the movies and i was just unaware of what that was . 
 it felt like what sydney and i shared was just for us . 
 no one else could touch it . 
 even tuck could n't see it . 
 after last period , i waited for avril at her class and she came out with sydney beside her , the two of them laughing and smiling . 
 my belly tightened at the sight of them together and i felt a twinge of guilt when sydney saw me first and flashed her eyes at me . 
 `` she 's so sweet , '' sydney said into my head . 
 `` no wonder you love her . '' 
 `` more than love , '' i said to her and stood defiantly as they walked up . 
 she locked me out again as she approached and avril pulled me in close to her . 
 `` hi , '' avril said . 
 `` look who got transferred to my class today . '' 
 `` i see that , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm in linc 's first period too , '' sydney said . 
 `` you did n't tell me , '' avril said . 
 `` i forgot , '' i lied and squeezed her closer . 
 `` well , it was good she had somebody she knew in there . '' 
 `` it was , '' sydney said . 
 `` he sat with me and kept me company . '' 
 avril smiled . 
 `` that was sweet of you . '' 
 i kept quiet . 
 `` linc has practice now , and i always go sit in the stands and do homework while he 's there . 
 do you want to come ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 i like watching football . '' 
 `` i ignore them half the time , '' avril said . 
 `` but linc watches out for me . '' 
 we walked to the gym as the two girls continued to talk . 
 tuck met up with us and i was surprised to see him walking with debbie cates . 
 the girl he had a crush on that he would n't admit . 
 avril nudged me and said , `` look . '' 
 `` i know . 
 what the heck ? '' 
 tuck said something that made debbie laugh and then she waved and walked away . 
 tuck turned to us and his face darkened a bit . 
 `` debbie cates , '' avril said to him right away and squeezed his arm . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to tell , '' tuck said . 
 `` you were walking with her and she was giggling . '' 
 `` so . '' 
 `` giggling does not mean nothing , '' avril said and looked to sydney , who nodded beside her . 
 tuck watched the two of them and then said , `` who 's this ? '' 
 `` hi . 
 i 'm sydney , '' she said . 
 `` tuck . '' 
 `` tuck ? 
 that 's cute . '' 
 i could see that tuck was embarrassed at being called cute and he also thought that sydney allison was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen . 
 avril saw it too and grinned at him . 
 `` tuck , you stop that . 
 debbie will not appreciate it . '' 
 tuck darkened again as sydney looked back and forth among us all . 
 `` you can read his mind too ? '' 
 she guessed . 
 avril nodded . 
 `` only when linc 's here . 
 he 's like a conduit for all of us . '' 
 `` what was tuck thinking ? '' 
 avril smirked . 
 `` you 'll have to ask him . '' 
 `` i have to go , '' tuck said and stepped away quickly . 
 `` it was nice to meet you , sydney , '' he called back as he turned the corner . 
 `` he likes you , '' avril said . 
 `` i can tell . '' 
 sydney smiled but said nothing . 
 she glanced at me and whispered in my head . 
 `` i have eyes only for you . '' 
 i looked away quickly . 
 at practice , coach went over the good and bad news from the game and we learned that kyle ansel was going to be out for the season . 
 that left me and one other backup and coach announced that tuck and i would be the new starters . 
 the team accepted this with good vibes and most everybody congratulated us as we suited up . 
 some of the seniors were n't happy , but i hoped i could win them over . 
 on the field , we worked on drills and plays for this week 's game and i struggled a bit . 
 sydney was up in the stands with avril and would periodically jump into my head . 
 right at the most inopportune moment . 
 like when i was passing the ball . 
 her range was further than i had with avril . 
 sydney was loud and clear . 
 she picked up on my telekinesis right away . 
 `` you 're using your mind to help throw the ball ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 please keep that to yourself . 
 it would be a major thing for the coach if he knew i was doing that . 
 they might not let me play . '' 
 `` i think it should n't matter . 
 you have a talent and you should be able to use it no matter what . '' 
 `` still , i do n't want to test it . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` your secret 's safe with me , '' she said . 
 `` what are you doing , linc ? '' 
 coach yelled . 
 `` you 're just standing there . 
 come on . 
 we 've got plays to run . '' 
 `` oops . 
 i got you in trouble , '' she teased . 
 `` go play your game . '' 
 i could only hope that she would n't decide to hang out with avril every day . 
 it could become a big problem . 
 the rest of the week was like torture for me . 
 sydney 's range had almost no bounds . 
 i 'd be sitting in algebra , working on problems , and she 'd pop into my head . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm in algebra . 
 i 'm trying to work on problems . '' 
 `` i can see that . 
 number three is wrong . '' 
 i stared at my sheet and saw she was right . 
 i grinned inside . 
 `` see . 
 i 'm good for something , '' she said . 
 `` so you are . 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm sitting here next to avril listening to this english teacher drone on about shakespeare . 
 she really is beautiful . 
 her color is so -- innocent . 
 if you like that sort of thing . '' 
 `` i do . 
 and yes , she 's beautiful . '' 
 `` even more than me ? '' 
 she teased . 
 `` will you stop , '' i said . 
 `` well , is she ? '' 
 `` you 're different . 
 just like she 's different . 
 you 're beautiful in your own way . '' 
 i could feel her smile . 
 then , poof , she was gone . 
 i had no idea where she lived . 
 if she was close to me or some distance away . 
 but that night , as i lay there drifting off to sleep , sydney , her voice faint in my head , said : `` i 'll dream of you . '' 
 i pretended not to hear . 
 i got up and went to avril 's room and though my mom had rules about this , she was passed out in her bed and would n't know . 
 i climbed in beside avril , the glow of her aura soft with sleep , and i wrapped my arms around her and pulled her tight . 
 she stirred and came awake , her eyes fluttering open , seeing me there . 
 `` hi , '' she said , her dreams leaving her head slowly as she came awake . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` miss me ? '' 
 `` more than you know . '' 
 `` what about your mom ? '' 
 she whispered in my head , putting a hand to my face and caressing my skin . 
 `` she 's out . 
 stoned . 
 lost to her dreams . '' 
 she turned , facing me , and pressed her whole body against mine and i wondered at the feel of her . 
 she nestled her head against my chest and she breathed against my skin . 
 so soft and pure , it hurt to have her here next to me . 
 `` stay all night , then , '' she said . 
 `` i want to wake up in your arms . '' 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 she looked up at me . 
 `` i want you too , '' she said , reading my thoughts . 
 `` just not yet . 
 we can wait , right ? '' 
 `` i 'll wait forever for you . 
 forever . '' 
 `` more than love , '' she said , and sighed into my chest . 
 `` more than love . '' 
 i fell asleep with her dreams in my head and sydney allison forgotten . 
 * * * the next day , after practice , i sat at the kitchen table doing homework and the doorbell rang . 
 avril got up from the couch to get it and i followed behind . 
 she opened the door to a man standing there , his eyes looking back and forth between us . 
 he looked familiar and though i did n't immediately recognize him , the words that came out of his mouth sent the familiarity zinging home . 
 `` linc ? 
 it 's me . 
 your dad . '' 
 my legs threatened to fail me , and i stared at the now recognizable features of the man i had n't seen in almost fourteen years . 
 he was older , fatter , balder , but it was him . 
 and i was in shock . 
 avril covered for me , seeing my distress , and took over . 
 why could n't i sense him ? 
 i could n't see into his head . 
 `` mr. delabar . 
 i 'm avril , '' she said . 
 `` mrs. d lets me stay here . 
 she 's taking care of me . '' 
 `` hello , avril . '' 
 he paused , staring at me and i could see in his eyes that he was confused too . 
 the telepathy was gone and i had no idea why or how . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` i know this is a surprise . 
 it 's just been ... i was thinking ... i wanted to see you and your sister , '' he finally blurted . 
 `` ask him why , '' i said to avril , abruptly . 
 she looked at me , concern in her eyes . 
 `` linc . 
 he 's here to see you . '' 
 `` ask him why , '' i repeated . 
 this man had abandoned us when i was a baby , and now i was just supposed to welcome him with open arms ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , mr. delabar . 
 linc wants to know why you 're here . '' 
 he stared at me , sadness creeping into his eyes , and he took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm here to make up for lost time , '' he said . 
 `` in all honesty , i 've been fighting with myself for fourteen years . 
 i know you do n't owe me anything and i 'm sure you 've felt abandoned , but i 'd like to try and make it up to you . '' 
 he waited a beat , avril smiling and glancing back and forth between us . 
 `` if you 'll have me . '' 
 joey , who had been asleep up in his room , appeared behind us and grunted . 
 dad looked up to see him there . 
 `` joe . 
 good to see you . 
 is mary here too ? '' 
 joey cleared his throat . 
 `` no , manny . 
 she 's at work . 
 but if i were to guess , i do n't think she 'd be happy to see you here . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm sure she would n't . '' 
 he looked at the three of us and shuffled his feet . 
 `` listen , i know nobody here owes me a thing ... '' `` that 's for sure , '' joey said . 
 `` but , i 'd like to spend some time with my children . '' 
 `` i do n't think it 's really up to you , '' joey said . 
 `` linc ? 
 do you want to see this man ? '' 
 now that joey was putting the question to me , i was n't sure . 
 avril stared at me , a look of hope and wonder in her face , and her encouraging eyes begging me to accept him . 
 there must be something she saw in this man i no longer knew , and i always listened to what she tried to tell or show me . 
 `` should i , avril ? 
 i 've been angry at him so long . 
 i do n't know if i can stand to be around him . '' 
 `` give him a chance , '' she said . 
 `` he 's come all this way . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 `` find out , '' she said , matter-of-factly . 
 `` talk to him and find out . '' 
 she smiled . 
 i stepped back from the door and nodded to her . 
 `` come in , mr. d. can i call you that ? '' 
 `` of course , avril . 
 as you wish . '' 
 the quote took us both by surprise . 
 she smiled at me and the twinkle in her eye led me to believe that everything would be all right . 
 joey shook his head . 
 i could see his disappointment from my periphery but he stood back and let my dad in . 
 dad reached out a hand and shook joey 's . 
 joey nodded , but remained silent . 
 `` the house looks different , '' he said . 
 `` the same , but somehow different . 
 i ca n't believe you are all still here . '' 
 `` she ca n't afford much else , '' joey said . 
 `` you decided that for her when you bailed . '' 
 dad shrunk a little . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm sure i helped . 
 or hindered . 
 i 'm not here to re-hash old stuff , joe . '' 
 `` i think it comes with the territory . 
 you 're not going to be able to avoid it . '' 
 `` so be it , '' dad said . 
 `` do you mind if we wait until mary gets here ? 
 then we can all scream and yell together . '' 
 joey waved a hand at him and moved toward the fridge . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 he pulled a beer from within it and popped the top . 
 he took a long drink of it as the silence filled the room . 
 joey did n't offer my dad one . 
 `` is kaylin here ? '' 
 dad asked , looking around . 
 `` no , '' joey said . 
 `` she 's working . 
 she has to so we can put food on the table . 
 another reason you 're probably not welcome here . '' 
 `` and why are you here ? '' 
 my father asked , an edge to his voice . 
 joey put his beer down slowly and his aura did that flickering to black thing . 
 `` mary asked me to be here , '' he said . 
 `` she 'll probably ask you to leave . '' 
 avril walked over to joey and touched his arm . 
 he flinched just the slightest bit and looked down at her . 
 she stared at him , something passing between them that soothed his anger and the flickering stopped . 
 he looked back up at my dad . 
 `` i 'll leave you alone to talk , '' he said . 
 he grabbed another beer from the fridge and went to the stairs . 
 `` if you need something , yell . '' 
 he went to his room and shut the door . 
 `` do you want something to drink ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` do you think i could have one of those beers ? '' 
 `` sure , '' avril said and grabbed one . 
 she handed it to him and he sat with it at the kitchen table . 
 i sat across from him and studied him as avril slipped in beside me . 
 she held my hand under the table . 
 dad sipped his beer and tried to relax . 
 `` so , what do you want to know ? '' 
 he asked , abruptly . 
 `` i 'm sure you have questions about me . 
 hard questions . '' 
 `` why did you wait so long ? '' 
 i told avril to ask . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i was afraid . 
 plain and simple . 
 fear kept me away . '' 
 `` afraid of what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` of you and your sister hating me . '' 
 `` hate is a strong word . 
 but you 're not one of my favorite people , '' i said . 
 avril looked at me before she repeated it . 
 `` he needs to hear this . 
 i know this is hard for you , but do n't sugar coat my words . '' 
 she told him what i said . 
 `` well , that 's actually a relief . 
 i know i 've done wrong by you , but i might be able to work back from un-favorite . 
 hate would be tough . '' 
 `` kaylin might not feel the same . 
 there is some hate there . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i figured as much . 
 still , i 'd like to try . '' 
 `` you 'll get your chance . 
 she 's here now . '' 
 the door opened and kaylin walked in . 
 she looked at us at the table , searched our heads and then frown lines creased her brow . 
 dad stood , looking her over , and took a step toward her . 
 `` do n't , '' she said . 
 `` just stay where you are . '' 
 she closed the door and stood there , thoughts racing through her head in a blur and i knew she was not going to be gentle . 
 `` i want you to leave , '' she finally said . 
 `` kaylin ... , '' avril started to say , but she put her hand up and avril stopped . 
 dad started to speak . 
 `` i do n't care what you have to say , '' kaylin said . 
 `` i want you to leave . '' 
 she opened the door and held it for him . 
 he glanced at me and avril , and then turned back to kaylin . 
 `` as you wish , '' he said and walked out of the door . 
 kaylin shut it behind him , and looked to the floor . 
 avril went to her , stopped in front of her and without another word , took her in her arms and held her . 
 kaylin cried on her shoulder as joey came down from upstairs . 
 `` the loser gone ? '' 
 he asked . 
 kaylin nodded her head and separated from avril . 
 `` what did he want ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` to try to make up for lost time , '' i told her . 
 `` too late , '' she said and moved for the stairs . 
 `` much too late . '' 
 she went to her room and closed the door . 
 the noise wall went up and she shut us out . 
 joey went to the fridge for another beer and the phone rang . 
 he answered it and carried on a short conversation , then hung up . 
 `` good news , '' he said . 
 `` i got my job back . '' 
 i know it 's what he wanted and deserved to be excited , but the air in the house was stale and deflated and there was just no reviving it . 
 avril tried . 
 she went to him and hugged him , but he knew the vibe . 
 he shrugged and turned the tv on . 
 `` your mom is going to be livid when she finds out he was here . 
 you can tell her , '' he said to me . 
 `` i do n't want to get yelled at . '' 
 he was right . 
 she had yelled . 
 and screamed . 
 and cried . 
 then she got drunk and passed out . 
 i would n't have expected any less from her . 
 that night , i slept in avril 's bed again . 
 this time , she held me and we talked of things other than my dad . 
 i finally fell asleep and she soothed my dreams , though dad was in them . 
 sydney stayed away . 
 and i was thankful for that . 
 chapter 4 here to stay the game on friday was away and we handled the team easily . 
 i was getting more comfortable behind the center and though the home team protested my playing , the referees assured them that i was legal . 
 there were no rules against faceless quarterbacks . 
 mom , avril , kaylin , joey and janice were all there to cheer us on and tuck and i had a game to remember . 
 we connected eight times and put up over two hundred yards together . 
 tuck had three touchdowns and we beat them 31 to 7 . 
 the team was rallying behind me and though i could only communicate with hand signals and tuck , they were learning my subtle nuances and we were becoming a team that could work together . 
 even the reluctant few seniors were starting to come around . 
 bedlam was behind most of that . 
 he had become one of my best friends on the team and gave anybody who was n't behind me a shitload of grief . 
 and when bedlam spoke , you listened . 
 or you regretted it . 
 dad showed up for the game . 
 i saw him in the stands , but mom and kaylin did not . 
 i kept it to myself and he slipped out before the game ended . 
 i was confused about the connection with him and why it no longer existed . 
 i had believed my whole life that the connections i made were permanent . 
 unbreakable . 
 a bond that lasted forever , but now i doubted that fact and wondered what made it different . 
 the only thing i could come up with involved it being like a muscle . 
 if i did n't use it , i lost it . 
 or , if dad did n't use it , he lost it . 
 after all this time , it had grown weak and atrophied , like a paraplegic 's legs and i had no idea if it could be restored . 
 maybe that was for the best . 
 i know it did n't make for an ideal way to communicate , but the telepathy had been the reason he left in the first place . 
 that , and me throwing him across the room . 
 i guess it was something we needed to talk about . 
 and yes , i wanted to talk with him about it . 
 i was still angry , and that would n't go away any time soon , but avril had a way of making me believe that forgiveness was something that i needed to learn with him . 
 something maybe all of us needed , and if i led the way , kaylin might just come around too . 
 and even mom . 
 especially mom . 
 i guessed that he would still try and work his way back in to all our lives , and i guessed right . 
 saturday was avril 's first day of work at the zoo . 
 joey let her take his truck instead of riding the bus . 
 like a reward for a getting a job , though the plan was for her to take the bus in the future . 
 i wanted to go too , all of us did , but she wanted to know it was something she could do on her own , so we all waved to her as she drove away and let her have her independence . 
 i hoped something or someone would n't show up to ruin it . 
 dad showed up about an hour later . 
 mom flipped out . 
 after a brief yelling fit , -lrb- mom actually looked as if she was having a fit -rrb- she allowed him to stay and see his children . 
 maybe child would have been a better word , because kaylin refused to come out of her room . 
 dad took it in stride . 
 he knew it was going to take more than just showing up every day to get her to talk with him . 
 dad and i sat on the front porch with the dogs and they took to him immediately . 
 sadie wagged her tail and pepper and hawkins jumped in his lap . 
 that was a good sign . 
 an omen of good faith . 
 nothing like an animal 's instinct to help confirm some things i was feeling . 
 `` i 'm proud of you , linc , '' he started . 
 `` you play football very well . 
 and the crowd is really into it . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i had a really good game last night and was still feeling overwhelmed by how it went . 
 coach had taken me to the side afterward and shaken my hand . 
 he did n't say anything , just shook my hand and gave me a look . 
 he had been smiling and coach rarely smiled on game day . 
 `` are you using any of your -- uh -- power to help with the passing ? '' 
 i nodded and typed . 
 `` just a little . 
 i 'm still kind of small for these varsity players , and it helps me give it some power . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` joey ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 he got me hooked on the game . 
 he and tuck . '' 
 `` tuck ? '' 
 `` my best friend . 
 the wide receiver i connected with last night . 
 he lives right there . '' 
 i pointed to his house . 
 dad nodded his head , understanding it better now . 
 `` you two are a great tandem . 
 no wonder . 
 you probably throw the ball to him every day . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 he was silent for a moment , petting sadie , and looking out over the old neighborhood . 
 i could n't tell what he was thinking , but if i had to guess , i would say he was missing it . 
 `` how , dad ? '' 
 i typed . 
 he looked at me . 
 he knew what i meant but he asked anyway . 
 `` how what , linc ? '' 
 `` how could you leave your family ? 
 mom ? 
 me ? 
 i know why , but ... '' he tried to make a joke of it , but i was n't buying into it . 
 `` i got drunk and ran , '' he said , smiling . 
 then he grew serious when i did n't join in on his humor . 
 `` i do n't know how . 
 all i remember is it being the hardest thing i ever did . 
 but i was in a bad place . 
 i 'm not making excuses , i know you wo n't accept them , i was just afraid . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to hurt you . 
 i was just a baby . '' 
 `` i was n't afraid of you . 
 i was afraid of what i 'd do if i stayed . '' 
 this never occurred to me . 
 and maybe if dad had said something like that to me just two or three years earlier , it would n't have struck a familiar cord with me like it did now . 
 because , as he said the words , i knew he was going to say them . 
 i could n't read him , not anymore , but i just knew what he was feeling . 
 because i had some of that same fear . 
 those same concerns . 
 that i might do something i could n't control and people i love might suffer because of it . 
 but it had not driven me away yet . 
 i had avril and dad had no one . 
 mom had pulled away into her own world of alcohol and denial and dad had only himself . 
 i had avril to keep me in the light and hold me together so i would n't come apart . 
 i stared at him as he sat on our porch . 
 i tried my hardest to look deep inside , but it was n't there . 
 still , i knew some of my darkness must come from him and i wondered how much he knew it was a part of him . 
 `` i could n't live with myself if i did something to you or my family , '' he said , slowly . 
 `` do you understand ? 
 i loved you all , but could n't trust myself to handle it . '' 
 `` i understand , dad . 
 more than you know . 
 thanks for being honest with me . '' 
 he smiled , reached a hand up and put it on my shoulder , and that feeling was a good one . 
 avril had been right again . 
 she had known that i would need this , and had pushed me just enough to give him a chance . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's kind of up to you , '' dad said . 
 `` i 'm here to stay . 
 i have a small place in town and i want to be a part of your lives again . 
 if your mother will let me . 
 and your sister . 
 i wo n't run again . 
 i promise . 
 i 'm stronger now that i 'm older . '' 
 mom came to the door then and opened it . 
 `` time for you to go , '' she said , as she stood there holding a glass of vodka in her hand . 
 she was plastered , already , and she picked through my head as she stood there . 
 she glared at my dad . 
 `` you were afraid ? 
 you were afraid ! 
 i had to raise these kids all by myself while you lived the high life up in the snow . 
 you were afraid ! '' 
 `` mom , '' i said . 
 she ignored me and threw the glass she held at him and he ducked . 
 it shattered on the sidewalk , the dogs jumping and running off . 
 `` mary , '' dad said . 
 `` do n't you ` mary ' me . 
 get off of my porch . 
 it 's time for you to leave . '' 
 she pointed in the direction of his car . 
 he stood slowly , glanced at me and then turned to mom . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mary . '' 
 `` no you 're not . 
 i do n't want to hear it . 
 now , go . '' 
 he walked to his car and drove off . 
 mom went back inside and slammed the door . 
 i stayed out and picked up the broken glass , putting it in the trash , and then stood in the sun thinking about what he told me . 
 i felt kaylin in my head , her buffer zone coming down . 
 she was curious and that was a good start . 
 she found all he had said and all i had thought and she softened just the slightest bit . 
 then , `` i do n't believe him . '' 
 and the wall went up again . 
 i did though . 
 and i was sure she would come around eventually . 
 mom , on the other hand , might never . 
 she was inside , crying , as she pulled another glass from the cupboard and poured more vodka into it . 
 i decided to stay outside for a while . 
 a car pulled into the driveway and the door opened . 
 sydney stepped out of it into the sunshine and smiled at me . 
 what the heck was she doing here ? 
 `` hi , '' she said in my head . 
 `` where 's avril ? 
 i came to see her . '' 
 i could see in her head that she really came to see me . 
 she smiled . 
 `` okay , you see right through me . '' 
 she closed the door and walked over to the porch and sat down next to me . 
 she smelled good . 
 and looked great . 
 i turned away . 
 `` avril 's at her new job , '' i said . 
 `` she just started today . '' 
 sydney wrinkled her nose . 
 `` work . 
 yuck . 
 i 'm glad i do n't have to do any of that . '' 
 her dad paid for everything in her life and i could see that the car was a sweet sixteen birthday gift she got just a few weeks ago . 
 it was brand new . 
 `` work would be fun . 
 i ca n't wait until i turn sixteen and get to do it . '' 
 `` i think it 's overrated . '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i was bored . 
 avril and i have become good friends . 
 i just wanted to hang out . '' 
 `` i 'll tell her you stopped by . '' 
 `` you do n't want me to stay ? '' 
 `` i think that would be a bad idea . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you know why . '' 
 she smiled and touched my shoulder . 
 her hand felt warm , even through my shirt . 
 `` so , you do like me . '' 
 `` sydney , you can read my mind . 
 you know what i know , even if i do n't want to admit it to myself . 
 i ca n't do this with you . 
 i love avril . 
 more than you 'll ever know . '' 
 `` i know , '' she said . 
 `` more than love . '' 
 i stared at her . 
 `` do n't say that . 
 stay out of my head . '' 
 she frowned for a second and then smiled again . 
 `` listen . 
 i do n't want to come between you two . 
 you think i do , but i do n't . 
 i feel something different when i 'm with you . 
 something i 've never felt before . '' 
 she leaned closer and whispered in my ear . 
 `` and i know you feel it too . '' 
 and i did . 
 i hated admitting it to myself , but i could n't hide anything from her . 
 there was something magnetic about her and i wanted nothing more than to touch her skin or feel her against me . 
 even if it was just for a second . 
 `` i want to feel you against me , too , '' she whispered , still close to my ear . 
 she brushed her lips against the curve of my neck and pulled away . 
 i shivered . 
 she stood and reached down with her hand . 
 `` come on , '' she said . 
 `` walk with me . '' 
 i put my hand in hers and i let her pull me up . 
 there was a tingling between our palms and i liked how it felt . 
 she did n't let go as we stepped from the porch and moved into the street . 
 `` do you feel that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that 's our connection . 
 it belongs to us . 
 we 're different than everybody else and you know it is something you ca n't deny . '' 
 i pulled my hand away and rubbed it unconsciously with my other hand . 
 it was strange . 
 i missed feeling it in her hand and it had only been a moment . 
 i stared at her as we walked , her profile beautiful with the sun behind her , and she moved closer to me , her shoulder touching mine . 
 more tingling , even through our clothes . 
 `` sydney , we ca n't do this . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 please stop . '' 
 `` be my friend , then . 
 i ca n't stop thinking about you and i know you 're thinking about me , too . 
 just , be my friend for now . 
 and see what happens . '' 
 `` i can do that . 
 just friends . '' 
 but could i ? 
 i saw her there in that light , and felt her next to me , a presence that connected with me and excited me . 
 i could n't deny it . 
 she was right . 
 we were different . 
 but at the same time i wanted to run . 
 as fast and as far away as i could . 
 she was bad and good for me at the same time and those feelings tore at my heart . 
 avril was nothing but good and i needed that more than i needed anything else . 
 we walked and soon found ourselves at the entrance to the creek . 
 i do n't know why we ended up there , but then again , maybe i do . 
 it seemed with her everything had a purpose and nothing was by chance and i wondered if she somehow controlled that . 
 did she have some power that i could n't see or feel ? 
 i led her through the brambles , her hand in mine again and that tingling racing through my fingers and palm . 
 i turned to her behind me in the dark confines of the dense bushes and saw her dark red light expand all around her . 
 she smiled at me in a way that made me feel special . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you know . '' 
 she did , but wanted to play the game anyway . 
 we climbed the log and sat over the creek . 
 we talked . 
 `` my mother said that we were all meant for something , '' she said . 
 `` something that makes us special from everybody else . 
 she could see into me too , and i know she was right . '' 
 `` was ? '' 
 `` she died two years ago . '' 
 i did n't know why i could n't see that in her . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't know . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i did n't want you to know . '' 
 `` how do you do that ? 
 i can put up a wall , but you can just shut me out . 
 like a switch . '' 
 `` my mom taught me . 
 do you want me to show you ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 she lifted her hand and touched my face . 
 her sultry red filled my head and i tingled all over my body , sensations that were pleasurable and new at the same time . 
 i could feel her inside me , even deeper than she had been before and it scared me . 
 then i felt it . 
 she gave me something of her . 
 like i had done with avril , and it was as if a switch i had always had clicked on . 
 her beautiful green eyes -lrb- yes , i could see that they were green -rrb- , bore into me and held me captive . 
 `` do you feel it now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i did . 
 all over me . 
 a deep sensation that made me feel in control . 
 powerful , and wonderful , and even a bit bad . 
 my body trembled the slightest bit and i let myself go and gave in to her . 
 she moved her glowing face closer to mine , her one hand still on my skin and the other on my chest , the warmth of it there a soothing presence . 
 then her lips touched my face and brilliant red and white light burst into my vision and i took a deep breath . 
 it was beautiful . 
 she glowed outward from deep within her and it radiated into me . 
 the light of her was something i could feel and it bore down into my soul like something familiar and wanted . 
 she held nothing back , showing me what we could be together and i marveled at all she was . 
 it pulled on me , to her , and i put my hands to her back and drew her in closer . 
 she pressed her body tightly against me and a small sound escaped her as our bodies connected , that tingling ratcheting upward to something i could n't describe . 
 a feeling that i did n't want to stop . 
 i held my breath , her lips to those ghostly lips of mine and felt the world disappear . 
 then avril worked her way back into my mind and i pushed sydney away . 
 she was breathing fast , her lips parted slightly and her eyes like jewels in her face . 
 `` no . '' 
 i said . 
 `` stop . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 a coy smile was on her lips , and she looked down at our closeness and then back up to me . 
 `` how can you deny this ? '' 
 she whispered in my head . 
 `` you feel it , just like i do . 
 you want to know how it will feel if we let it grow . 
 i know you do . 
 it 's right here . '' 
 she lightly touched my forehead and the tingling built again . 
 i reached up and took her hand in mine , pulling it away from my face . 
 `` i ca n't be this with you . '' 
 i stood . 
 `` i need you to leave . '' 
 she stood next to me . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 she was smiling and i was n't sure . 
 `` yes , '' i said despite my feelings , and when she tried reaching for me , i stepped back . 
 `` i 'll walk you back to your car . '' 
 she shrugged and followed me out of the woods . 
 i let her hold my hand one more time as we made our way back and then i let her go . 
 we said nothing to each other , but we did n't have to . 
 her heart was heavy and mine confused and as she pulled away in her car , i heard her in my head . 
 `` i 'll wait , '' she said . 
 `` forever , if i have to . 
 i 'll be here when you realize that you ca n't be without me . '' 
 * * * when avril came home , it was as if nothing was any different . 
 at least with her . 
 i , on the other hand , felt like shit . 
 what sydney gave to me on the log bridge worked . 
 i could separate myself from avril and she could only see what i wanted her to see . 
 it was like there were channels in my head now , and i could turn each one off and on when i wanted . 
 even sydney . 
 when she would crawl into my head without warning , i could shut her out if i wanted , though i rarely did . 
 i liked her in there and she liked being there . 
 but when i was with avril , i would n't let her in . 
 the main thing was now i felt like i was betraying our trust . 
 i did n't like hiding things from her even though those things would surely chase her away . 
 i could n't live with that thought , so i kept most of what happened inside of me . 
 i did tell her that sydney came by looking for her and she seemed surprised and happy about it . 
 she genuinely liked sydney and the two were becoming pretty good friends . 
 avril 's first day at the zoo had been exhausting and exciting . 
 she loved what she was doing and could n't wait to go back two weeks from now . 
 next week was homecoming and i was taking her to the dance , so she would n't be working . 
 after everybody ate , mom and avril went shopping . 
 i was n't allowed to go because they were shopping for dresses . 
 kaylin went with them and the ladies seemed excited about helping her . 
 i could n't wait to see her in the dress , but that would not be until next saturday night . 
 so , while they shopped , joey , tuck and i threw the football around . 
 it had been a while since joey hung out with us and it was good to have him out there . 
 he was having a hard time keeping up with us , but that was a good thing . 
 `` you guys are killing me , '' he said , hunched over , trying to catch his breath . 
 but he grinned , knowing how far both of us had come with our playing . 
 `` okay , i 'm ready . '' 
 the pain in my arm flared periodically , but for the most part , it did n't bother me . 
 sometimes it ached after a busy day , but a massage from avril and it would be good as new . 
 plus , i 'd do just about anything to feel her hands on me . 
 anything . 
 later that night , she finally did notice something . 
 i was being extra clingy with her . 
 i guess i wanted to prove to myself that she was the most important thing in my life at the moment . 
 she leaned into me and said , `` you 're needy tonight . 
 everything all right ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm not allowed to hold my girlfriend ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` of course . 
 i do n't know . 
 you just seem like something 's bothering you . '' 
 i pulled her closer and squeezed . 
 `` nothing is , '' i said . 
 `` i just like holding you . '' 
 she leaned her head on my shoulder and i ran my fingertips through her soft hair . 
 she sighed and wrapped her arms around me . 
 `` more than love , '' she said . 
 `` more than love . '' 
 she looked up at me then glanced around as if searching for anybody to hear , but that was ridiculous because everybody in the house could hear except joey . 
 mom was passed out , and kaylin was studying , not paying attention . 
 `` sleep with me tonight , '' she whispered . 
 `` i want to feel you against me all night . '' 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 later , when everyone was asleep , she called to me and i went to her , slipping in beside her and pulling her tightly to me . 
 she pressed her soft , warm lips to my face and let them linger there , her breath warm against my skin . 
 it was the best feeling in the world . 
 we talked softly , caressing each other , and spoke of our life in the future as if we would never be apart . 
 and i believed we never would . 
 so strong was that belief that i never once thought of sydney . 
 as the conversation tapered off , she smiled a shy smile and then sat up in bed . 
 she kept her eyes to me , looking serious now , but still with a smile touching the corners of her mouth . 
 she pulled her top slowly over her head . 
 she lay bare to me , glowing in the soft light of the moon through her window and i thought she was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen . 
 she said nothing , but tugged on my shirt and i slipped it over my head . 
 then she moved inside of my arms and pressed her bare skin to mine . 
 she gasped softly and touched my face with her fingertips . 
 `` is this all right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i could n't say a thing . 
 my mind was in a whirl as this new sensation spread throughout my body . 
 i nodded and she giggled , squirming against me getting even closer . 
 i held her like that , my fingers in her hair and her breath on my skin . 
 we both trembled . 
 she took my hand in hers and moved it to her breast where she sighed and looked deep into my soul . 
 `` do n't leave me tonight , '' she said . 
 `` stay and hold me . 
 i want to wake with you here . '' 
 `` as you wish , '' and she smiled against my skin . 
 when i slid my hand lower and touched her , she gasped , and pulled me tighter to her . 
 she slipped her own hand under my waistband and thought i would explode . 
 she stared at me and smiled , and we both knew that we would go no farther than exploring each other 's bodies . 
 we would wait . 
 it could wait until we were both ready . 
 after , she drifted off to sleep and i stayed . 
 in the morning , we woke together and i held her until i felt my mom stirring , then i snuck back to my room and slipped into my bed . 
 `` more than love , '' she reached out to me . 
 `` always . '' 
 chapter 5 homecoming homecoming week in high school was always fun . 
 football practice for the big game , pep rallies , spirit days where we could dress in a theme if we wanted , and something orange park called raider roar . 
 it was a big bonfire pep rally just for the students and was usually a big party . 
 it was always on the thursday before the game . 
 it started with the football players in cheerleader outfits and the girls playing a quick and friendly game of powder puff football . 
 avril and sydney were going to play as tuck and i squeezed into cheerleader outfits . 
 it was going to be a hoot . 
 on monday , 50s day , mr. cartright wore an old outfit his father had actually owned and it made him look authentic if not moth-eaten . 
 his letterman sweater was starting to unravel a bit , but it beat anything we kids could come up with . 
 sydney and avril both wore poodle skirts and had their hair in ponytails . 
 they were cute in their patent leather shoes and sweaters . 
 in third period , mrs. wainscoat 's class , i watched as chase molder came into the class sullen and gray . 
 his aura had taken on a dejected look and i had a hard time associating him with last year 's happy-go-lucky kid who remarked on my ability to talk with animals as if it had been the most wondrous thing his life could deliver up . 
 he and i became friends in the classes we had and i liked how he looked at the world . 
 it was always a little different . 
 then , something happened , and he changed . 
 he was dressed in his normal clothes , unwilling or unable to participate in the spirit day , and slunk to his seat as the bell rang . 
 i leaned over and typed so he could read . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 fine . 
 the world is great . '' 
 his sarcasm was n't lost on me and i could see his aura contract a bit . 
 it shifted to a blacker color as mrs. wainscoat began to talk . 
 she was one of the youngest and prettiest teachers in the school and all the guys drooled over her . 
 except chase molder . 
 today , and every day for the last couple of weeks , he glared at her as if she was a bitch from hell . 
 she wore her own poodle skirt and ponytail and fit the part magnificently . 
 i liked her . 
 she was also the sponsor for the cheerleaders , having been one herself here at orange park high not too long ago , and was the coach of the powder puff cheerleaders with tuck and me . 
 the weird thing was that at the beginning of the year , chase liked her too and he would even stay after class , talking with her . 
 at one point , i figured he had a huge crush on her and she reciprocated , flirting with him inappropriately -lrb- most of the kids noticed teacher 's pets and he had definitely been one -rrb- , but then something happened and he became this brooding kid who shuffled through the day . 
 i wondered if that something had anything to do with her . 
 it was hard to tell , because he was also in my sixth period class and acted the same there too . 
 `` did everyone read chaucer last night ? '' 
 mrs. wainscoat asked , and most of the class pulled out their books and mumbled responses . 
 chaucer was not a teenager 's favorite thing to read . 
 she glanced toward me , but then i realized she was looking at chase . 
 she looked away quickly . 
 `` all right , i know this is n't as fun as everything else going on this week , but we still need to study english . '' 
 she smiled and it melted the hearts of most of the guys in the class . 
 sydney , who sat next to me , got into my head . 
 `` you like her , do n't you ? '' 
 she teased . 
 `` i do . 
 anything wrong with that ? '' 
 `` no . 
 just as long as you like me or avril more . '' 
 i turned to her and she batted her eyelashes at me . 
 `` i love avril , '' i said . 
 `` and you -- well -- you know how i feel about you . '' 
 she grew serious and stared at me . 
 `` i do . '' 
 she reached out her hand and squeezed mine . 
 `` one of these days , you will too . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 she smiled as mrs. wainscoat rambled on about chaucer and i tried to pay attention . 
 `` what 's wrong with that kid next to you , '' sydney asked next . 
 `` he looks about to blow a gasket . '' 
 `` i asked him , but he says he 's fine . 
 i think something happened between him and mrs. wainscoat . '' 
 `` his color is all wrong . 
 he creeps me out . '' 
 `` chase is cool . 
 he likes animals as much as i do . 
 he 's just grumpy today . '' 
 she was n't convinced , i could see , but she turned away and ignored him . 
 he brooded through the rest of class and when the bell rang he jumped up and pushed his way out . 
 he was the first to leave . 
 i noticed that mrs. wainscoat watched him go and her face betrayed a sadness i had n't seen all class . 
 something was up . 
 sydney and i met up with avril and tuck for lunch and we had our usual period of clowning around while they all ate . 
 avril and sydney were becoming very close and though uncomfortable for me at times , it was good to have them both around so much . 
 sydney had backed off , giving me my space and i was grateful for that . 
 there were times i found myself wondering what it would be like with her , and then i would push it away , picturing myself sleeping with avril in her bed or knowing that we were meant to be . 
 sydney would look up then , knowing what i was thinking in that compartmentalized space i kept for her . 
 i 'd see a smile at the corners of her mouth and then she would whisper in my head , `` it would be like heaven . '' 
 i wondered . 
 avril whispered in my head at lunch , her face concerned and at first i thought i had let something slip . 
 `` oh linc . 
 look at chase . '' 
 she nodded to a table off to the side where he sat all by himself . 
 his aura was completely gray . 
 i froze . 
 `` he looks like george did at the bus stop , '' she said . 
 tuck turned around and stared . 
 `` i do n't see anything , '' he said . 
 i was scared . 
 i did n't like what that look meant and i stood up , avril right next to me , and we went over to him . 
 he looked up as we sat across from him . 
 his gaze shifting back and forth between us . 
 he said , `` what ? '' 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` fine . 
 why ? '' 
 `` you have this look , '' avril said . 
 `` like you 're sick . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 we were just worried . '' 
 `` what kind of look makes someone look sick ? '' 
 avril turned to me and i nodded . 
 `` you 're kind of gray . '' 
 he looked at himself , and then back up at us . 
 he grew angry . 
 `` i do n't know what the hell you two are talking about . 
 i 'm fine . 
 i just want to eat my lunch . '' 
 his lunch sat in front of him untouched . 
 and the period was almost over . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 `` do you want to come eat with us ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i want to be alone . '' 
 she frowned , nodded and went to get up . 
 i stood too and typed , `` if you need something ... '' he did n't say anything , but he looked up at me , something in his eyes revealed his despair , and then it was gone , buried behind the gloom that surrounded him . 
 sydney and tuck looked at us expectantly as we sat back down . 
 `` i thought he looked funny in english class , '' sydney said , her ability to read my mind and see colors like avril and me , still a secret to tuck and avril . 
 `` something 's wrong , '' avril said , `` but he wo n't say . 
 i hope nothing 's going to happen to him . '' 
 `` do you feel anything ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't . 
 except to know he 's really in a bad place . '' 
 the rest of the week went by quickly , spirit days giving everyone the opportunity to pretend to be someone else and it seemed as if 80s day was the most popular . 
 probably because most of our parents grew up in that era . 
 on thursday , english class was ... well , different . 
 sydney sat next to me as usual , her presence beside me a comfort i enjoyed , and a buffer from the negative vibe that seemed to leak from chase molder 's whole body . 
 the grayness had become something worse , almost black and it even colored his eyes and creeped along his facial features , creating lines of darkness that made him look sinister . 
 he even smiled at me , but no humor was behind it . 
 throughout class he mumbled comments under his breath at mrs. wainscoat and one time she even heard him . 
 `` something you want to add , chase ? '' 
 he glared at her . 
 `` yeah . 
 do you know your husband is cheating on you ? '' 
 the class became silent as mrs. wainscoat dropped the chalk she was holding and stood with her mouth open . 
 `` oh shit , '' sydney said in my head and i reached unconsciously for her hand and held it . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mrs. wainscoat said , softly , the color leaving her face . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` you heard me . 
 he 's banging that bitch in home ec . '' 
 mrs. wainscoat 's husband was a shop teacher here and one of the baseball coaches . 
 `` why would you say that to me ? 
 chase -- i -- you ... '' `` oh stop it . '' 
 he stood up . 
 he pointed at her and then at himself , and then stormed out of the class . 
 after a second , she went after him . 
 they argued in the hallway , her whispering and him yelling about her husband and love and ` how could she do this ? ' 
 some of the students went to the open doorway and listened , but most of us stayed put . 
 we were in shock . 
 `` i do n't believe this , '' sydney said . 
 after a moment , mrs. wainscoat came back in , tears in her eyes as she stopped at her desk , and then turned to the class . 
 `` i 'm sorry guys . 
 i have to leave . 
 please stay here until another teacher arrives . '' 
 she turned and ran from the class . 
 everyone erupted as gossip spread amongst the students . 
 the scandal of the year had just surfaced in front of them and they had all been witness to it . 
 sydney and i did n't feel the same excitement as the rest of the class , only sorrow at how sad the whole situation had become . 
 we could only guess what chase must be feeling . 
 at the end of the day , i saw chase sitting at a table outside . 
 i walked over to him and sat down . 
 he glanced at me , and then stared off into the distance . 
 `` do n't go to raider roar , '' he said , stood up , and started to walk away . 
 i grabbed his arm . 
 `` why ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` it 's dangerous . 
 a bunch of kids got burned one year . 
 do n't go . '' 
 he walked away without another word and i watched him go . 
 avril found me then and sat next to me while we waited for tuck and sydney . 
 she had a look on her face . 
 `` something 's going to happen , '' she said . 
 `` have you seen something ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i do n't know what it is , but it 's going to be bad . 
 i 've had this feeling all day . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` that 's it . 
 i do n't know . 
 it 's dark and loud and i hear screaming in my head . '' 
 i pulled her to me and held her , trying to soothe her distress . 
 somehow i could n't seem to shake the fact that it had something to do with tonight . 
 i was n't going to miss raider roar , no matter what anybody said , but i would be careful and i 'd make sure everybody else was too . 
 * * * raider roar was packed . 
 the pep rally before the bonfire featured the powder puff football game and the guys in cheerleader outfits . 
 it was hilarious and avril and sydney both scored touchdowns . 
 their team won 21 − 7 . 
 as the bonfire was lit , a band began to play and the party got underway . 
 many of the teachers were there including mr. cartright and even mrs. wainscoat and her husband . 
 she seemed subdued , but since she was the cheerleading sponsor , i 'm sure she felt she had to be there . 
 she and her husband did seem to keep their distance from one another , though , and i wondered if there had been a confrontation after school . 
 avril , sydney , tuck and debbie cates all hung with me , and tuck seemed happier than he had ever been . 
 we were all going to the dance on saturday together , including sydney 's date , kyle ansel , the senior quarterback who had injured his shoulder . 
 i did n't know how i felt about it , but i really could n't protest . 
 he found her after the bonfire was lit and joined our group , holding sydney close as she smiled and flirted with him . 
 in a way , i was glad she had somebody to keep her occupied , but another side of me wanted to punch him in the face . 
 she saw this in me and laughed in my head . 
 `` he means nothing to me , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm just having fun . '' 
 `` have all the fun you want , '' i said . 
 `` i have no right to say anything . '' 
 `` you 're jealous , '' she said in my head as she wrapped an arm around his neck and clung to him . 
 `` ca n't help it . '' 
 `` you ca n't , can you ? 
 i like knowing i have that effect on you . '' 
 `` i bet you do . '' 
 avril sensed i was somewhere else and kissed me on the cheek . 
 `` hey , '' she said . 
 `` off in some far away place ? '' 
 i looked down at her and pulled her closer . 
 `` no . 
 glad you 're here with me . '' 
 she smiled up at me and leaned her head on my arm . 
 then her hand tightened around my waist and she gasped as a vision slammed into her head . 
 i saw it at the same time . 
 sydney did too . 
 tuck turned to us and was about to speak when a scream pierced the night , louder than the band . 
 and then an explosion . 
 it was a gunshot and kids started to run . 
 the band 's music stopped in the middle of their song as confusion and mayhem spread through the crowd . 
 i could not see where it was coming from , but i knew what was happening . 
 chase molder had a gun and was desperately trying to find mrs. wainscoat and her husband . 
 `` stay here , '' i told avril `` no ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` i 'm coming with you . '' 
 i looked at her and nodded . 
 `` you guys find a safe place , '' i told tuck . 
 `` take sydney and kyle with you . '' 
 `` no way , man . 
 i 'm coming with you . '' 
 `` no you 're not . 
 i ca n't protect everybody and stop him at the same time . '' 
 he nodded and grabbed debbie , kyle , and sydney , and ran . 
 sydney looked back at me worried , but i turned and took off with avril 's hand in mine . 
 people were running and screaming , as someone on the p.a. system tried to calm everyone down . 
 i still had n't seen chase , but i found mrs. wainscoat and her husband by the stage . 
 he was holding her . 
 then avril tugged on my hand . 
 she stopped and pointed and the vision we had seen came to life in front of us . 
 chase was all in black and his aura matched his clothes . 
 hard to see in the dark , but my shades of gray let me penetrate the gloom and single him out . 
 he had seen mrs. wainscoat and her husband and the gun was pointed at them . 
 he fired . 
 the shot missed high , but hit one of the speakers above mrs. wainscoat 's head , sparks flying , and she flinched . 
 then she saw him , the fear in her eyes clearly visible . 
 `` chase . 
 no ! 
 why are you doing this ? '' 
 she screamed . 
 he said nothing . 
 a ghastly grin set on his face as he moved closer to them . 
 her husband shielded her behind him and pushed her away . 
 they ran . 
 chase followed . 
 i moved toward him , avril behind me , and then out of the corner of my eye i saw sydney running . 
 why was she there ? 
 i told tuck to get her out of there . 
 she was confused , separated from tuck and kyle somehow and she stopped as people ran past her screaming . 
 i could feel the fear in her mind . 
 `` sydney ! 
 run ! '' 
 i yelled in my head and she turned toward me . 
 she saw me and ran to me . 
 `` no ! 
 not to me . '' 
 but she ignored me . 
 chase held the gun up and fired again as he ran after mr. and mrs. wainscoat , but missed wide again . 
 the problem was he was running straight for sydney too . 
 avril saw it as well and yelled for sydney to get out of there . 
 chase 's gun came up again , sydney right in the line of fire and i reacted the only way i could . 
 i stopped , raised my hands and sent everything i had her way . 
 she lifted off the ground and i pulled sydney to me , catching her in my arms . 
 she put her arms around me and buried her face in my neck . 
 no one saw but avril and chase . 
 chase stopped in his tracks and turned to me , an unbelieving look on his face . 
 i raised a hand as more energy built in my back and a flash of red flew from my fingers . 
 it struck him in the chest and he flew backward , dropping the gun . 
 i held him down with the telekinesis and moved to him . 
 he stared up at me . 
 `` i told you not to come here , '' he said , straining against me . 
 `` what are you doing to me ? '' 
 `` he 's stopping you , '' avril said . 
 i put sydney down and knelt next to chase , putting my hands to his chest like i was holding him down . 
 a policeman ran up then , his gun drawn and pointed at us . 
 `` freeze ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 he tried to cover us all with his gun , unsure what was happening and who was involved , his eyes wild in his head as adrenalin pumped through his system . 
 `` please , do n't shoot , '' avril said . 
 `` it 's all right now . 
 his gun is over there . '' 
 she pointed and the cop followed her finger . 
 i continued to hold chase down as the officer holstered his gun and knelt down next to me . 
 he rolled chase over and handcuffed him . 
 another officer arrived , his gun drawn as well , and then more cops came running over behind him . 
 because they did n't know what was going on , they pushed me to the ground , and handcuffed me , and then made avril and sydney kneel and handcuffed them . 
 avril and sydney tried to explain that they were n't involved , that we all had stopped him , and this was confirmed by a few other kids and teachers who saw most of it . 
 after a few minutes they released us from the handcuffs and told us not to leave . 
 they would have questions for us . 
 it was over . 
 * * * i became somewhat of a hero . 
 i did n't mean for it to be that way , but when you stop an unstable kid from killing people with a gun , that label gets thrown at you . 
 the only ones who saw me use my power already knew i possessed it . 
 some of the bystanders saw what looked like a faceless kid tackle the gunman and disarm him , holding him down until the police arrived and that 's what was reported to the media and everyone at school . 
 the kid with no face saved the school teacher who had a love affair with a student . 
 some stories just do n't fit into that nice clean mold we all want to see . 
 chase and mrs. wainscoat had become involved weeks earlier and when she came to her senses , realizing what she was doing , she broke it off . 
 chase had been crushed and he could n't let her go . 
 the torture of seeing her everyday in class , and the knowledge that he had found out her husband was cheating on her too , ate away at him bit by bit until he lost what sense of rightness he had and decided to take matters into his own hands . 
 no one knows if he would have taken it further than it looked , and he would n't say , but killing a teacher and her husband would have been bad enough . 
 as for mrs. wainscoat , she was arrested and charged with felony sexual assault on a minor and would be tried as a sexual predator . 
 her husband was devastated . 
 he resigned from his job in disgrace and after her trial and conviction , he moved away to some place only a handful of people knew . 
 chase was convicted and would serve time in juvie until his eighteenth birthday . 
 he would be free before mrs. wainscoat . 
 as far as homecoming , the game went on as planned , the excitement of raider roar still on people 's minds and lips , and security was elevated by the police in case someone would try and copycat the crimes . 
 the media attended the circus of the game and i even made it on to the tv , throwing a touchdown pass to tuck . 
 we beat fleming island high 28 to 3 . 
 the team carried me off the field on their shoulders to the chants of the crowd . 
 `` blank ! 
 blank ! 
 blank ! '' 
 i guess that nickname was going to stick . 
 sydney was traumatized by the whole thing and i did n't blame her . 
 i tried consoling her in her head , but she was hard to reach . 
 she pulled in to herself , her aura contracting and turning a dark grayish red as she questioned what happened and wondered at what i had done . 
 that night , she reached into my head and said , `` how ? '' 
 i let her see my life with the telekinesis and she understood , but it had frightened her . 
 she felt like i had abandoned her in all the confusion and i told her i would never do that . 
 i thought she was safe with tuck and kyle . 
 she finally smiled in my head . 
 `` you did save me , did n't you ? '' 
 `` i would never let you get hurt . 
 never . '' 
 she felt better and said goodnight . 
 i went to avril 's room and slipped in next to her . 
 not only did she need me that night , but i needed her too . 
 we clung to each other and slept restlessly . 
 at least i had her . 
 sydney had to spend the night with only her nightmares . 
 homecoming dance night came and the six of us , tuck and debbie , sydney and kyle , and avril and i , all went to eat at a fancy restaurant in a limo that sydney 's dad paid for . 
 avril wore a white dress that seemed to shimmer with her aura and i thought she was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen . 
 she had a set of earrings that had belonged to her mom and they glittered in the soft light of the restaurant . 
 sydney wore a dark dress that fit her tightly and showed off her curves to the delight of kyle and tuck . 
 me too , but my attention was all on avril . 
 debbie wore a plain white dress and looked a little homely , but tuck really liked her and thought she was beautiful . 
 at dinner , a woman came up with her little boy , recognizing me from the tv . 
 `` look , timmy , it 's blank . 
 the quarterback from orange park . '' 
 `` it 's linc , '' avril corrected . 
 `` his name is linc . '' 
 the woman just nodded and then left . 
 i did n't know if i liked the attention . 
 i hoped it would pass soon . 
 at the dance , we all sat together and even danced . 
 i was not any good , just fumbling through some gyrations that resembled a clown riding a mini tricycle at the circus , but the slow dances were the best . 
 i held avril tight to me and we spoke of our future and how happy she was . 
 when they announced the homecoming king and queen , i was shocked . 
 i heard later that the students had been unanimous in picking me . 
 i was the hero who stopped a crazed kid and i led the football team to a big victory over one of our most feared rivals . 
 i wondered in the back of my mind , if the movie ` carrie ' was going to be reenacted , and i joked with avril about it . 
 the queen was not avril . 
 i was disappointed but not completely surprised . 
 the queen they chose was a beauty , and new to the school , so the guys who had big crushes on her must have had a hand in it . 
 when they placed the crown on sydney 's head , she smiled so brightly it was almost blinding to me . 
 avril seemed to be clapping the loudest , her new best friend someone she was so proud of , but i could see in her mind she wished she could be up there with me . 
 i took sydney 's hand in mine and we moved to the floor for the traditional king and queen dance and as the music started , she moved inside my arms and i held her , my hand low on her back and her eyes only on me . 
 everyone was watching , but it felt like it was just the two of us . 
 that tingling was happening again with us , and she moved closer and used her voice to softly whisper in my ear . 
 `` do you feel it ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` my hero holding me on the dance floor for all the world to see . 
 a girl could n't have it any better . '' 
 i saw avril smiling at us , her aura a bright lavender with her usual pink fringes , and i knew i was the luckiest guy in the whole world . 
 even if i loved two girls . 
 and i knew i did . 
 avril was the one , but i loved sydney too and there was no denying it any longer . 
 `` i know you do , '' she said to me in my head , her hand at the back of my neck and her body pressed close to me . 
 `` i 've loved you since that day in the theater . 
 i 'll always love you . '' 
 not only did i feel like the luckiest guy in the world , i felt as if my world was going to crumble around me . 
 a strange conflict that had me tearing apart inside . 
 the problem was i had no idea how bad things were going to get at the time . 
 my life was going to come apart at the seams and i could n't see it for what it was . 
 maybe avril did , but she never told me . 
 my life would be turned upside down and there was nothing i could do about it . 
 episode 6 chapter 1 senior year - 2 years later i sat outside the liquor store in my old beat-up chevy and waited . 
 it would n't be long now . 
 i could sense the vibe and wondered if avril 's ` intuition ' thing had rubbed off on me a bit . 
 it would n't surprise me if it did ; our connection to one another was something that was very powerful . 
 she knew i was here , having protested in her way , but she also knew that she would n't be able to keep me from this . 
 it seemed to be a thing for me , like skydiving or snowboarding ; an adrenalin rush that made me kind of a junkie . 
 i embraced it for what it was and told myself that i was doing some good . 
 a car pulled up quickly and slammed on its brakes . 
 two men in masks got out , their heads on swivels , and they moved inside . 
 i could hear shouting a few seconds later . 
 i stepped from the car and walked to the door , pulling it open as a bell jangled over my head . 
 my vision was focused , the blood coursing through my veins . 
 sometimes i thought i could actually hear it singing in my head , but i 'm sure it was just my imagination . 
 one of the masked men held a gun and a bag . 
 he turned to the sound of the bell and then pointed the gun at me . 
 `` get the hell out of here ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` now ! '' 
 i pretended to be shocked , taking in the situation , and raised my hands over my head . 
 the second masked man also held a gun as the lone clerk stood behind the counter crying . 
 she had her hands above her head as well . 
 the first guy finally got a good look at me . 
 and he cocked his head as he tried to get what he was seeing into some nice little box that was compartmentalized in his head . 
 i would n't fit . 
 i was wearing a mask . 
 not a halloween creation with blood and scabs , but a human-looking face with normal features and color . 
 only it was n't a very good one . 
 when you looked hard at it , the fakery came through and it was evident that the person behind the visage was somebody else . 
 if only they knew . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 the guy said and turned fully to me . 
 i let the energy build in my back and felt the now familiar power surge through my system . 
 i lowered one hand , raised a finger to him and waggled it as if i were scolding them . 
 he raised the gun higher and settled that awful dark eye of the barrel right between the fake eyes on my mask . 
 it was definitely an uncomfortable feeling and the adrenalin pumped even faster . 
 everything happened quickly after that . 
 because two of them had guns , i only had one choice , and that was to send out the tidal wave . 
 it was a name i came up with myself , based on how the telekinesis blasted out of my body as a whole and not just my hands and fingers . 
 it was the only way , and i felt bad for the clerk because she was going to get caught up in it but there was nothing i could do about it . 
 the energy that left my body i could see . 
 no one else could , but to me , it was a wave of red that spread out in a semi-circle . 
 and it was powerful . 
 if i did n't set my feet , it would knock me backwards on my ass . 
 and that was embarrassing . 
 when i moved my feet and bent at the waist , the guy knew something was up , but he hesitated . 
 i really do n't think he wanted to kill anybody , and for the most part , these guys were the same . 
 every once in a while i 'd come across a kid or somebody hyped up on something and they would shoot before they even spoke . 
 those had been scary . 
 his hesitation kept gunfire from coming into play , but did n't prevent the mayhem that was going to happen . 
 it was unavoidable . 
 the red wave pulsed outward from every pore in my body , the power an addictive feeling that made me take a deep breath and savor it . 
 it had a smell to me , too . 
 something that was pleasant and unusual and it only made the feeling that much more intoxicating . 
 the wave crashed into everything in its path and pushed it backwards away from me in a rush . 
 the two men flew through the air and landed with bone crunching thuds against the beer cooler , their guns now lying buried somewhere in the mess of potato chips , candy , beef jerky , sno-balls , aspirin , and feminine products . 
 the clerk cried out as she was flung sideways onto the floor , but because she was behind the counter , the full force of it did n't strike her and she was spared . 
 the place was now a wreck , but it could be cleaned at a minimal cost . 
 i liked to think that i saved the owner some money , somehow . 
 i moved quickly to the two men lying stunned on the ground and raised a hand holding them there with my power . 
 i knelt , and put a hand each to their heads and did the vulcan mind-meld thing , rendering them unconscious but nothing more . 
 then i stood and went to the clerk behind the counter and helped her up . 
 she was afraid of me and i did n't blame her , but she let me help her to her feet and then flinched when i reached over her and grabbed the phone 's handset from its cradle and extended it to her . 
 she stared at it . 
 i shook my hand once at her and she got the message . 
 she took the handset , watching my masked face with apprehension , and then i moved away and walked out of the store . 
 i could hear her talking to the 911 operator as the door closed behind me . 
 i slipped into my car , started the engine and pulled the mask from my face . 
 the sweat that had formed behind it dried as i took deep breaths and let the adrenalin leave my system . 
 i went home . 
 the masked vigilante would show up in the papers again . 
 * * * senior year at orange park high school and all was as well as could be expected in my life . 
 my grades were good , football was in full swing , tuck and i , the stars of the team , joey and susan about to be married , and a weekend job i was able to share with the best person in my life . 
 and i was in love with two girls . 
 avril was the one , though . 
 there was no contest . 
 she and i would be forever bonded and the feelings i had when i was with her ruled my life and made it all good . 
 our relationship was going on three years now , and it felt as new and fresh as if we had just met , but with the comfortable vibe you get when you know somebody really well . 
 and i knew her more than really well . 
 i knew her to her core . 
 my other love was someone that i felt would never be in my life except as a friend . 
 sydney was beautiful , exciting , funny , and even sexy if i 'm allowed to speak my mind , but she was not avril and never would be . 
 sometimes i think she accepted it , but most of the time , she held the hope that one day i would be hers . 
 and until that day , she would play along like nothing was wrong . 
 and if she could n't have me at the moment , she 'd have the next best thing . 
 my best friend . 
 tucker conroy and sydney became an item over the summer and he was head over heels crazy about her . 
 sydney , though she acted as if she felt the same , i knew , with our special connection , she did n't . 
 but she never abused her relationship with tuck . 
 she genuinely cared for and liked him , she was just unable to love anybody else except me and that was hard to take . 
 avril still lived with us , mom , her legal guardian , but kaylin had moved out last year and now lived with her boyfriend , tyler , on the other side of town . 
 everybody liked tyler and he honestly seemed to like us . 
 we all hoped she would one day marry him , but no news of that just yet . 
 they both went to local college and were bound and determined to get degrees . 
 they only had a few semesters left and worked hard at their jobs and school . 
 she came to see us every weekend and he usually came with her . 
 joey was still with us , making a living as a construction worker building houses now that the market had rebounded . 
 he liked the man he worked for , but still wished he was making a better wage . 
 susan remained at the zoo with avril and me and we usually worked together in some capacity or another over the weekends . 
 sometimes the other employees would be amazed at how we all seemed to know what the other was thinking and would act without any verbal communication between us . 
 of course , we kept that little aspect of our lives to ourselves . 
 it made work humorous at times that was for sure . 
 and then there was dad . 
 when he showed up on our doorstep two years ago , it had shocked and angered everyone in the family . 
 kaylin would n't talk to him . 
 mom only yelled at him , and joey sided with his sister . 
 dad was not welcome , but he made it known that he was here to stay and would show us all that he was a different guy . 
 i think i was the first to give him a chance . 
 there was a kind of bond with us , a similar way of thinking that made me forgive him first . 
 fear had been his main reason for leaving in the first place and that fear had not been of me . 
 he had been afraid of himself and what he would do if he stayed . 
 i understood that reaction more than anyone and accepted it for what it was . 
 and we became closer as the days moved along . 
 kaylin was a hard nut to crack . 
 she had hated him for so long for abandoning mom and the rest of us and it would take more than just a few words of apology to get her to come around . 
 but eventually , she softened to him after he moved back in . 
 yep , you heard that right . 
 he and mom were back together and seemed happier than ever . 
 she was even trying to give up her drinking for him , but it would take something more aggressive than determination alone to beat her alcoholism . 
 their reconciliation came the week after homecoming . 
 the town finally settled down and the media blitz that surrounded it all faded into the background as new things were discovered to focus on . 
 i had come home from football practice with avril 's hand in mine and we walked into the house to find dad and mom huddled together crying . 
 she stood up quickly , as if they had been caught in the act and he wiped his face with the back of his hand . 
 i could see what was happening , and though it was surprising , it was not unwelcome . 
 maybe we 'd get our family back after all . 
 dad left without another word , and mom told him softly at the door to come back tomorrow and they would talk more . 
 he left and mom faced us . 
 avril was smiling her beautiful smile that warmed everyone 's heart and mom could n't help it . 
 she smiled too and started to cry again . 
 avril went to her and held her as sobs racked her body and she let out years of pent up anger and denial . 
 i went to them both and joined in on the group hug . 
 kaylin walked in then , saw everything in our heads , and started crying too . 
 it had been a breakthrough moment for the delabar family and i was excited that things might work out for the best . 
 dad moved back in two months later . 
 a week before avril 's eighteenth birthday , dad sat us all down in the living room and told us they were going to be remarried . 
 `` your mother and i have decided we need to be together again and make this thing real . 
 so i asked for her hand in marriage and we were hoping you would give us your blessing . '' 
 of course we were all in support of it . 
 even joey . 
 he had come to like dad again , a grown male in the house to talk with about football and fishing and all the other crap they enjoyed . 
 dad had looked nervous , but it had been for nothing . 
 even kaylin was happy for them and gave him a hug . 
 i thought he was going to cry . 
 later that night , i crept into avril 's room , and slipped into her bed wrapping my arms around her and pulling her in tight . 
 she smiled sleepily and hummed her contentment at being in my arms . 
 she whispered in the dark to me . 
 `` i ca n't wait until we 're married , '' she said . 
 `` i dream of it all the time . '' 
 `` i do too . 
 we have time , though . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i just want you in my bed all the time . 
 not just sneaking around here and there . '' 
 i squeezed her tighter and she rolled over to face me , putting her fingers lightly to my face . 
 she caressed the skin there , outlining the edge of the face only she could see , and traced a line along the edge of my ear to the nape of my neck . 
 i shivered . 
 `` that drives me crazy , '' i said . 
 she smiled and kissed my face , softly . 
 `` soon , '' she said . 
 `` my birthday is coming up . '' 
 and then she looked away shyly . 
 i held my breath , not sure exactly what she meant , but her suggestiveness gave me a stir and i pressed myself closer to her . 
 `` i want to be with you on my birthday . 
 more than anything in the world , '' she said . 
 `` can you wait until then ? '' 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 she pressed her lips to my neck and kissed me . 
 i held her as she fell asleep and joined her a few minutes later . 
 the world was good . 
 chapter 2 reunion sydney picked us up for school in her car on the monday before avril 's birthday . 
 she was grumpy . 
 tuck was sitting up front with her and tried to put his arm around her but she stiffened and he backed off . 
 `` what 's wrong , syd ? '' 
 avril asked , leaning forward from the back seat . 
 sydney started to cry . 
 she was closed off to me , so i was just as curious about what was happening as everybody else in the car . 
 `` talk to us , '' tuck said . 
 `` at least talk to me . '' 
 `` my dad is getting transferred . 
 we 're moving . '' 
 the weight of that announcement was felt by everyone in the car , and i do n't think it affected any one of us more than the others . 
 we all loved sydney in one capacity or another and it was heart-wrenching to think of her gone from us . 
 `` oh syd . 
 when ? '' 
 avril asked . 
 `` a month . '' 
 she started to cry harder and tuck put his arm around her . 
 she let him this time . 
 `` but you 're eighteen , now , '' i said . 
 as far as tuck and avril knew , i had let her in on my connection almost a year and a half ago , though in reality , she had connected with me on that day at the movies when we first met . 
 nobody else knew of her special gift and we wanted to keep it that way . 
 `` linc , i know what you 're thinking , but i ca n't afford to live by myself . '' 
 `` but your dad can . '' 
 `` he wo n't . 
 i already asked him . '' 
 silence filled the car for a minute and then tuck said , `` we could get a place together . 
 share the rent . 
 we 're all going to college here in town . '' 
 `` that would n't work , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm not ready to move in with a guy . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` but at least you 'd still be here , '' tuck said . 
 `` with me . '' 
 he looked injured , and we could all see in his head that he felt it . 
 she looked over at him for a second . 
 `` i 'll think about it , okay ? '' 
 sydney said . 
 `` just give me some space to make up my mind . '' 
 `` you could live with avril and me , '' i blurted . 
 avril turned to me , a look on her face i could read from a mile away as she smiled . 
 `` i 'd love that , '' avril said . 
 `` do you think your mom and dad would allow it ? 
 you could be with me in my room , syd . '' 
 she sounded excited . 
 `` all we could do is ask , '' i said . 
 i could see in sydney 's head that she would want that more than anything . 
 `` it would be kind of crowded , would n't it ? '' 
 sydney asked . 
 `` but a good crowded , '' avril said . 
 `` i love you syd . 
 stay with us if they 'll let you . '' 
 she looked up into the rear view mirror , her eyes brimming with tears again . 
 `` i love you guys too , '' she said . 
 `` ask . '' 
 tuck was much happier . 
 avril was excited and as sydney opened to me , saying ` thank you ' in my head , i smiled and wondered what can of worms i had just opened . 
 still , having sydney in the same house as i was in was something i wanted deep down inside . 
 avril leaned her head against my shoulder and i touched her face with my fingers . 
 i let her see herself then , a beautiful shimmering angel in pink and lavender , and she squeezed my arm . 
 now if mom and dad would cooperate . 
 at football practice , avril and sydney always stayed with us and did their homework in the bleachers while tuck and i rolled around with a bunch of sweaty guys . 
 even after two years , i did n't like to leave avril alone much . 
 bret was still somewhere out there , and though we had n't seen or felt him in all that time , it did n't mean he could n't show up at any moment . 
 the team this year was our best yet and though the coach did n't like to talk about it , i knew that he felt we had a championship team . 
 we had won the first two games by a wide margin and the newspapers were talking about us going all the way to the state finals and maybe even winning . 
 the college recruiters were scouting us like mad and it seemed some college guy was here every week to look over our players . 
 or should i say , tuck and me . 
 our little duo was deadly and nobody could stop us . 
 so this year , we had been on fire and coach was calling us the duo of the century . 
 with our connection and my power with the ball , it was hard to stop us . 
 we were running drills today with the running backs so tuck was off with the other coach working on ball handling . 
 he was at one end of the field and i was at the other . 
 a familiar presence crept into my head and as it did the ball was snapped to me and i fumbled it . 
 the play fell apart and coach danforth scowled at me . 
 `` ball handling , linc , '' coach said . 
 `` concentrate . '' 
 i nodded , but the tickling at the edge of my mind made that difficult . 
 somebody was here , but i could n't place it yet . 
 i looked up in the stands and saw avril and sydney all by themselves talking , and then sydney turned to me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she sent . 
 `` somebody 's here . '' 
 she searched me . 
 `` i can see it . 
 i do n't know him . '' 
 tuck came running up from the other end of the field . 
 coach saw him . 
 `` tuck , get back to your drills . '' 
 `` andy 's here , '' tuck said and it clicked into place . 
 he had felt it in my head too and recognized him right away . 
 even though there was something different about him . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` tuck ! '' 
 coach yelled . 
 he raised his hand and started jogging back but he talked in my head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i ca n't see him . 
 i just saw it in your head . '' 
 `` keep an eye out . '' 
 what the hell was andy doing here ? 
 the guy was supposed to be locked up in some mental institution . 
 sydney looked through my memories and found him there . 
 `` you 're going to have to be very careful , '' she said . 
 `` i know . 
 help me watch out for avril too . 
 he hates her as much as me . '' 
 the feeling faded as he moved off somewhere out of range , but the danger was real . 
 i had felt a seething hatred as his mind found mine and it was not comforting . 
 in that hatred i felt vengeance and i knew he was here to get it . 
 * * * sydney dropped us off at home and we all shared our hopes with each other that my parents would agree to take her in for a while . 
 she drove off and i could feel her in my head , the hope there something so powerful . 
 it would break my heart if she could n't stay . 
 mom and dad were still at work , so i sat down to get my homework done and avril helped . 
 she was so much better at history than i was and i needed all the help i could get . 
 college was something that we all had planned together and so far things were looking good . 
 avril had a scholarship for the university of florida and tuck and i had recruiters after us for football . 
 sydney 's grades were not up to par for a scholarship , but her dad could afford to pay her tuition and she was already accepted . 
 the whole gang in the same university was going to be pretty cool . 
 it was up to tuck and me to make it happen . 
 the recruiters all had been very interested and we had gotten several of the smaller colleges talking big , but those did n't really interest us . 
 i wanted to play for florida state university originally , but with avril getting a scholarship to uf , it was the choice for me now . 
 the uf recruiter was coming to see us this friday . 
 at least that 's what we heard . 
 mom walked in the door from work and saw us staring at her in anticipation , and before we even had a chance to express what we were thinking , she saw it in our heads and sighed . 
 `` i think we can make it work , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll have to convince your father , though . 
 are you sure you want to share your room , honey ? '' 
 `` she 's my best friend , mrs. d. , '' avril said . 
 `` i 'd share anything with her . '' 
 mom smiled and put her hand on avril 's head . 
 `` okay , sweetie . 
 i 'm sure we could manage another mouth to feed . '' 
 `` i do n't think it would be that way , mom . 
 her dad is pretty well-off and i know he would help pay for something . '' 
 `` why does n't he just pay for an apartment for her ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i think she 's afraid to stay by herself , '' i said . 
 `` she 's just eighteen , like us . '' 
 `` you 're not eighteen yet , '' mom said . 
 `` avril 's going to be in a couple of days . '' 
 mom smiled . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm so proud of her . '' 
 `` it 's just a birthday , '' avril said . 
 `` speaking of which , '' i said . 
 `` i want to take her someplace special for her birthday , mom . '' 
 she saw it in my head immediately and frowned . 
 `` and that would entail you staying over night somewhere ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 she looked between the both of us , avril looking shy on her side of the table . 
 thoughts flashed through mom 's head so quickly it was hard to see , and she was fighting against her maternal instinct . 
 but she knew how much we meant to each other , she could see that every day . 
 she finally smiled and nodded . 
 `` that would be special for her , i 'm sure . 
 i expect you to respect her though . 
 you get me ? '' 
 i could feel my face getting red , and avril blushed too . 
 `` of course , mom . 
 she 'll be an adult anyway . '' 
 `` but you wo n't . 
 and that does n't mean you automatically know how to make adult decisions . '' 
 she hesitated , bent over and kissed avril 's head and then mine . 
 `` but i trust you two . 
 you have something so special . 
 i know you wo n't tarnish it . '' 
 `` thanks , mom . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 but we get to celebrate with her here before you go , all right ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 of course . '' 
 mom went to her room and avril grabbed my hand . 
 `` you could have warned me you were going to do that , '' she said . 
 `` i felt so foolish in front of her . '' 
 `` are you mad ? '' 
 `` no . 
 just embarrassed . '' 
 `` you 're embarrassed you love me ? '' 
 she whacked me on the arm . 
 `` quit twisting my words around . '' 
 she was grinning . 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i do . 
 sorry . 
 it did n't occur to me until just then . 
 and she seemed like she was in a giving mood . 
 i had to hit her up before something made her grumpy . '' 
 avril squeezed my hand . 
 `` are you going to respect me ? '' 
 `` as much as i can . '' 
 she grinned . 
 a tickling settled into my head and i tensed . 
 then there was a knock at the door . 
 avril tensed too , feeling what i felt , and she grabbed my hand as i stood . 
 `` should you ? '' 
 `` he 's not going to go away . 
 i 'm not afraid . 
 he 's hard to read , but i do n't see anything threatening in there . 
 yet . '' 
 mom came back downstairs at the sound of the door and i stopped her . 
 `` let me get this , mom . '' 
 i opened the door to a surprise . 
 a man stood on the stoop , short , squat yet powerful , graying long hair , and fingers that looked like little sausages . 
 his eyes came up to my face and he frowned . 
 next to him stood andy prindle . 
 his face was slack and lifeless , the eyes in his head sunken and listless , his long hair unwashed and greasy , but i recognized him right away . 
 when he focused on me , his face became more animated and his eyes bore into me with a seething hatred i could feel . 
 in his head he came to life . 
 he remembered . 
 mom came up behind me . 
 `` burt , '' she said , more of a regretful tone to her voice than one of welcome and surprise . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 images flashed through her head of her and dad in school . 
 burt prindle thinner and funnier , and then angry and dangerous . 
 he and dad fighting , fists flying and blood being spilled . 
 burt staggering off as my father breathed heavily next to mom , his face a bloody mess . 
 i think i understood now . 
 burt grabbed andy by the arm and pulled him in front of him . 
 he sagged a bit in his dad 's hands , but kept his gaze on me . 
 i felt avril behind me , her hand on my shoulder reassuring me . 
 she was scared too . 
 `` look at him , '' burt prindle said . 
 `` look at my boy . '' 
 he pointed a beefy finger at me . 
 `` your son , '' he spat the word out like it was feces on his tongue , `` did this to him . 
 i wanted you to see . '' 
 mom never hesitated . 
 `` i see . 
 now leave . '' 
 burt 's face fell , his frown deepened and i could tell her reaction was not what he expected . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 you see ? 
 he 's a ruined man and that 's all you 're going to say ? '' 
 `` he 's a rapist and a bully . 
 he beat my son with a bat and tried his best to have his way with my daughter . '' 
 mom started to cry angry tears . 
 `` and from the son of a man i once loved . 
 you get your piece of shit son off of my porch , before my boy hurts him more . 
 you get me ? '' 
 i took a step closer . 
 andy 's eyes narrowed and he stood up straighter . 
 i could see he wanted nothing more than to finish what he had started years ago . 
 burt 's eyes matched his son 's and he spoke in a low hiss that was unmistakably evil . 
 `` i wo n't hold him back , mary . 
 he does n't talk , does n't do much of anything , but what he does do causes people pain . 
 i 've seen it . '' 
 `` are you threatening me ? '' 
 `` you just threatened me with your freak . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 dad pulled up in his car and mom looked relieved . 
 dad jumped from the car and moved quickly to where we stood . 
 `` problem mary ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` burt wo n't leave . '' 
 dad positioned himself between his family and burt and leaned closer to burt . 
 `` you heard her , '' dad said . 
 `` time for you to go . '' 
 `` you do n't scare me , manny . '' 
 `` that 's funny . 
 i should . 
 how ` bout we find out if you 're scared or not ? '' 
 i took a step closer toward them and stood next to dad . 
 he sensed me there but did n't turn to me . 
 avril was in my head telling me to be careful . 
 what happened next surprised me . 
 burt prindle 's hand shot out with lightning quick speed and jabbed at my father 's face , knocking him backward into my mother who yelled in surprise . 
 then andy prindle screamed . 
 at the top of his lungs . 
 like a girl being attacked or an animal running in fear . 
 he lunged at my father and grabbed him with both hands . 
 he shook dad like a leaf , spittle spraying from his mouth as gibberish spewed from it . 
 burt pushed me down before i could react and i fell off the porch , but caught myself in the bushes . 
 burt joined his son as they proceeded to beat my father . 
 enough . 
 the energy no longer needed to build like it used to . 
 i had at my disposal all of my power in the blink of an eye . 
 it was something that i had practiced and exercised daily and it never failed me . 
 never . 
 the power left my fingers in a blood red pulse and took burt prindle up by his feet and flipped him backward across the grass . 
 he landed with a thud ten feet away . 
 i pulled andy off my dad by his hair , his head yanked backward as the screaming gibberish continued . 
 his fists swung and swiped at the air as i picked him completely up off the ground , the searing pain in his scalp something i could see in his head . 
 dad watched , shocked , as blood ran from his nose onto his shirt . 
 i pulled andy , floating , toward me and held him in front of my face . 
 he tried to swing at me , but i would n't let him . 
 `` i do n't know what you think you were going to do here , '' i said to him in his head . 
 `` but it 's not going to happen . 
 stay away from me . 
 stay away from avril . 
 stay away from my family , or the next time , i 'll finish the job . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 i could see in his head and it was a mess of conflicted thoughts . 
 all jumbled and without any cohesive pattern . 
 i had done this to him , i knew , and i really felt no pity . 
 what i did feel was uncertainty that he knew what he was doing . 
 he spoke two words in my head , though , that i understood clearly . 
 `` fuck you . '' 
 i flung him across the yard and he slammed into the side of his dad 's car , where he slumped to the ground , his gaze never leaving mine . 
 burt stood , his right leg having a hard time bearing his weight . 
 i turned fully square to him and set my feet in the grass . 
 i leaned forward at the hips and held my hands up . 
 there was no mistaking my intentions . 
 he pointed at dad , then went to his son and helped him into their car . 
 he hobbled to the driver 's side and slipped in . 
 they drove off . 
 dad came up next to me and watched them go . 
 he let out the air he was holding and put his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded . 
 mom came to him and looked him over . 
 she was crying and shaking as avril wrapped her arms around me . 
 `` i 'm okay , mary , '' dad said . 
 `` it 's just a bloody nose . 
 he caught me off guard . '' 
 he smiled then and pulled me to him . 
 `` but my son took up my slack . 
 thanks . '' 
 * * * dad was cleaned up and when joey came home he had to relive the whole experience for him . 
 joey looked at me a grinned . 
 `` nice , '' he said . 
 avril was not as pleased . 
 she was scared and i knew how she felt . 
 andy and burt prindle were not going to leave us alone . 
 i could sense it and so could she . 
 she could also see something in the future and it was not going to end well . 
 she sat with me in my room after all the talking and boasting was done and i held her . 
 `` something bad is coming , '' she said . 
 `` i can feel it . '' 
 `` but what ? 
 can you see it ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i just have a feeling . 
 you know me . 
 it will probably show itself too late or with little time to react . '' 
 `` i wonder if this thing you have can grow stronger with practice . 
 like my telekinesis . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it does n't feel like something i can exercise . 
 it just comes to me when it comes to me . '' 
 `` what about if you concentrate on something ? 
 does anything special happen ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 've tried . 
 believe me , i 've racked my brain trying to allow it to show . 
 nothing . '' 
 she sighed and i pulled her closer . 
 `` we 'll have to be careful . '' 
 `` i 'm tired of being careful . 
 are n't you ? 
 we 've lived our last few years on the edge waiting for my stupid brother or paul rose to show up . 
 why is this happening ? 
 why wo n't people just leave us alone ? '' 
 `` maybe we attract it , '' i said , and she looked up at me . 
 `` i know we can affect our lives by how we think . 
 you know , being positive or negative . 
 maybe we somehow bring this on ourselves . '' 
 `` i ca n't imagine how . 
 i would n't want this dumped on anyone much less us . '' 
 we sat quietly for a minute and then avril brought up sydney . 
 `` we forgot all about sydney . 
 do you think it 's too much to talk to your dad now ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it might even be a good time . 
 i look good in his eyes tonight . '' 
 i smiled inside . 
 `` you always look good in his eyes . 
 you do n't see that , do you ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` come on , '' i said . 
 `` let 's go talk to him . '' 
 we went downstairs and found him , mom , and joey all on the couch eating ice cream . 
 mom saw in our heads and smiled . 
 she took up the conversation for us . 
 `` manny , the kids have something they want us to consider . 
 i thought it would be fine , but it 's not just my decision . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she told him . 
 he set his ice cream down and looked over at joey who shrugged . 
 then joey 's aura did that flickering to black thing . 
 i had n't seen it in a while and i still could n't figure out what it meant . 
 sometimes it just did it randomly it seemed and others , he was just angry . 
 he did n't look angry . 
 `` we 're running low on room in here , mary . 
 where would she sleep ? '' 
 `` with me , '' avril said . 
 `` she 's my best friend . 
 it would be like sisters sharing a room . '' 
 `` you say her father would help with money ? '' 
 we both nodded . 
 `` she says he would , though she has n't asked him yet . '' 
 avril squeezed my hand as she spoke . 
 `` i do n't see a problem with it , '' dad said . 
 `` i 'd be glad to welcome her here . 
 you guys really seem to trust her . 
 i 'm sure she 'll fit in fine . '' 
 avril beamed up at me and the relief we both felt washed over us . 
 `` i 'll call her and tell her right away , '' avril said . 
 she went to the phone as mom and dad stared at each other . 
 i could see in mom 's head that this would probably be a challenge for us all , but they were both giving people and wanted to help . 
 we 'd just have to see how things went . 
 `` she says ` thank you , '' ' avril said after hanging up . 
 `` she 's excited . 
 she 's talking to her dad tonight . '' 
 i hugged avril to me and she squeezed me tight . 
 dad smiled at us . 
 it was hard not to be affected by her outlook on things . 
 avril was the light in this house and it shone with a brightness that no one could ignore . 
 in less than a month , both of the loves in my life would be under one roof . 
 i could n't have wanted anything more . 
 chapter 3 joey 's fractured past the guy sat in his car and waited . 
 he was hard for me to pick out , his aura a darkened eggplant color that faded into a grayness that made him part of the background . 
 he was in a bad place . 
 one that he really did n't know how to get out of and the blackness had taken hold of him and would not let go . 
 i was there to stop him . 
 avril and everyone else slept in their beds . 
 it was my time . 
 my night . 
 my place to be in this world and i was learning that i could n't seem to stop this . 
 i saw him earlier in the day . 
 a bleak , stark darkness that settled into the colors of the people around him . 
 at first , i thought he was another george . 
 someone who was on his last leg and maybe that was closer to the truth than i was willing to admit at the moment , but he still had some color to him . 
 only it was a color i had come to know as bad . 
 there was nothing good left in this human . 
 at least nothing good i could see . 
 i had followed him , pretended to bump into him , but as i touched him i let the power flow into him and saw what he was about . 
 i had to stop it . 
 tonight . 
 i snuck out of the house , shutting everybody off in my compartmentalized mind so that they knew nothing of where i was or what i was doing . 
 avril would have woken and tried to stop me . 
 i did n't want her in the way tonight . 
 it was important . 
 he was waiting outside the bowling alley . 
 a dark shape in his dark car in the dark shadows , evaluating . 
 i knew what he was looking for more than he did and when he saw it , i sat up in my chevy and tensed . 
 it was about to happen . 
 a girl and a guy , alone , closing up the business , pushed out of the door and locked it behind them . 
 the guy waved and headed off to his car while the girl moved toward hers to my left . 
 very close to him . 
 he hunkered down in the seat , blending in with the shadows . 
 he would n't have to hide for long . 
 the guy left first . 
 his car started up with a rumble and he pulled from his spot before the girl even reached her car . 
 some help he was . 
 i wondered if he even thought of her there all alone as he drove off . 
 probably not . 
 he moved . 
 quickly . 
 a speed that defied his grayness . 
 he was beside her before she even knew what was happening . 
 i saw her jump , startled at his shape as it came toward her , and then she screamed . 
 it was cut off just as it started . 
 he clapped a hand to her face and wrestled her toward his waiting car . 
 his aura was completely black now . 
 i moved . 
 i walked quickly toward him . 
 he had n't seen me yet . 
 this one would be easy . 
 i noticed that he had a rag covering her face and her movements began to slow as the fumes he held to her nose and mouth took effect . 
 she sagged in his arms as he dragged her to the back door . 
 he saw me and stopped . 
 his other arm snaked to his back pocket and came out with a knife . 
 he thrust it to her throat , the blade glinting in the moonlight , and he held it tight to her white skin . 
 she was out . 
 `` do n't come any closer , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll cut her . '' 
 maybe i was becoming over-confident . 
 or even bored . 
 the adrenalin was hardly pumping in my system and i felt for sure this would be so easy . 
 either way , i misjudged him , and it cost her dearly . 
 i sent a wave of energy his way , just enough to disarm him i thought , but the movement of my arm gave him a start and i watched in horror as the blade slashed across her throat . 
 then it flew from his hands . 
 blood poured from the wound in black gushes and spilled over his hands and arms . 
 she made a strange gargling sound in her throat as i , stunned , watched the life pump from her body . 
 i had been careless , confident , and now my lack of attention had allowed him to do this to her . 
 the anger flooded into my system . 
 a rage so powerful that the colors in this world popped into my vision and the voice i had heard only one time before erupted in a wall of sound that would have shattered windows and vibrated doors . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i picked him up and tossed him aside like a doll . 
 he cartwheeled through the air and landed with a sickening crunch on the pavement twenty feet away . 
 he moved . 
 i picked him up again and flung him into the wall of the building . 
 his body fell to the ground and lay still . 
 i ran to the woman and bore her up , the blood everywhere around her . 
 i was soaked with it in a matter of seconds , and i knelt in her life force as it drained from her body . 
 i watched her color slip from orange to black to gray and i felt her leave this world in a rush of wonder and questions . 
 the blood slowed and then stopped . 
 she was gone . 
 i cried inside . 
 angry at myself and this evil that i had failed to stop . 
 a pain so deep and powerful , fluid actually leaked from my face as the rage bore me up and consumed me . 
 i held her to me and sobbed , wishing avril were here and glad she was not at the same time . 
 i laid her down softly against the car and stood . 
 i had failed her and that shame ate away at me . 
 i saw him there on the ground and i moved to him . 
 he stirred and groaned as i knelt to him . 
 i took his hand and pulled the mask from my face . 
 i touched his fingers to me and let him in . 
 i screamed . 
 he was so black . 
 so evil . 
 i could almost not see . 
 he saw me then and was afraid . 
 he had good reason to be . 
 i put my fingers to his face and sent everything i had to him . 
 his body vibrated beneath me as i rendered his brain a jumble of nerves and connections that would never fire normally again . 
 his world would be nightmares that never made sense and thoughts that could n't form into anything cohesive . 
 i would n't kill him , but it would be the next closest thing . 
 i left them there . 
 moving to my car , i left them there , him in his delusion and her in her pool of blood . 
 i drove home and vowed never to do this again . 
 never to do this again . 
 too bad i found that i could not only lie to the people i loved . 
 but i could lie to myself as well . 
 sometimes we never learn . 
 * * * i slept little that night . 
 when i slipped into the house , everyone was still asleep . 
 i pulled my bloodied clothes and shoes off and put them into a trash bag . 
 showering as quickly as i could , i watched the woman 's life run down the drain as the vision of her death played out in my head over and over again . 
 my stomach gave up its dinner into the toilet as i felt her life slip away in my memory . 
 the lining of my nasal cavities burned like fire , but it felt justified . 
 punishment against myself , in any form , was something i deserved . 
 my carelessness and cavalier attitude had cost a life tonight and even though i had n't held the blade in my hand , i felt responsible . 
 i went out to my car and cleaned it up as best i could , but i was n't worried . 
 they had no idea who i was or that i had even been there . 
 at least i hoped . 
 the next morning i tried my best to hide it from avril . 
 she knew something was wrong and waited for me to tell her . 
 when i did n't let her in on it , she finally asked and i lied . 
 again . 
 i told her my stomach was bothering me and that i was coming down with something . 
 she stared at me , a softening in her eyes told me that she knew i was not being honest , but she forgave me anyway . 
 i did n't deserve her . 
 i was the loser who let a woman die in front of him and then lied about it to his one true love . 
 i sank even further into myself . 
 at school , the story was circulating of a woman killed at the bowling alley and the suspect they had was a raving lunatic . 
 it made for some gritty stories and rumors , but the truth was something i could only bear myself . 
 in calculus , sydney sat next to me , her red and orange aura sending its warmth to me even though i did n't deserve it . 
 she poked around in my head , but i shut her off too . 
 or at least i thought i did . 
 the teacher droned on about some math property , but i was n't paying attention . 
 sydney touched my arm , that now familiar tingling racing along my skin , and i turned to her . 
 her eyes held a sadness and comfort i did n't know she possessed and she spoke in my mind , her voice soothing and warm . 
 `` you could n't help it , '' she said , and i flinched because she knew . 
 i do n't know how she got through , but she had and she knew . 
 `` you were only trying to save her . '' 
 `` but i failed . 
 because i was too cocky and arrogant . 
 i failed her and let her die in my arms . '' 
 `` you 're not cocky or arrogant . 
 you 're strong and powerful . 
 someone who cares and someone who does n't abuse his power . 
 i could see why you reined it in . 
 you did n't want to damage or hurt him any more than was necessary , no matter how bad or evil that someone was . 
 and i can see him , '' she shivered , `` he was lost to this world . 
 nothing could bring him back . '' 
 her words made sense in a way . 
 but the feeling in my heart was that i had felt so sure of everything . 
 my arrogance had made me weak , not powerful , and i had abused the gift i had been given . 
 and the woman died because of it . 
 `` she would have died anyway , '' sydney said . 
 `` you know that . 
 that 's why you were there , to try and stop it . '' 
 `` but i did n't stop it and now she 's dead . '' 
 `` but he wo n't do it again . 
 you made sure of that . '' 
 she was right . 
 he would never harm another again . 
 but it still did n't make me feel any better . 
 she saw it and did the only thing that she knew to do . 
 she leaned over and put her arms around me , pulling me close . 
 i let my head rest on her shoulder as the kids around us stared , and my body shook as sobs racked me . 
 i made no sound , but the pain was just as intense . 
 she held me tightly , her own tears mingled with my sorrow , and soothed my soul . 
 i held on tightly to her and loved her for it . 
 somehow she made it seem better and my mistake just what it was . 
 a mistake . 
 forgiveness began to work its way into my heart , though it would take a while to let it all go . 
 `` sydney ? '' 
 the teacher asked . 
 `` is everything all right ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 can i take linc to the nurse ? 
 i think he 's sick . '' 
 `` yes , of course . 
 i 'll write you a hall pass . '' 
 sydney led me from the classroom and we walked out into the sunshine of the day , its warmth a glowing freshness on my skin and her fiery aura a boost to me . 
 `` i 'm not really going to the nurse , am i ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i just wanted to get us out of there . 
 you need to be alone . '' 
 `` no i do n't . 
 i need you . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm glad you do too . '' 
 we sat on a bench . 
 she held me again and i wrapped my arms around her , the scent of her skin something that made everything all better . 
 she held me and ran her fingers through my hair until i calmed and she felt me relax . 
 i felt guilty about how good she made me feel , but i did n't want avril to know about the woman . 
 she would be so disappointed in me . 
 i know i was being selfish , but i needed sydney and she was there . 
 the bell rang and we separated . 
 kids began streaming out of the classrooms , jostling and joking with one another and i found avril in the distance heading our way . 
 we always met her here . 
 we had english together and walked every day . 
 she smiled as she approached , and her aura was that wonderful pink hue that radiated to everything and everyone around her . 
 i found her in my head as she came within range . 
 `` hi , beautiful . '' 
 `` hi . '' 
 she hugged me , leaving one arm draped around my waist and reaching for sydney with the other . 
 she did this every day . 
 sydney moved in to us and we held each other there in a little tight group . 
 it was the highlight of my day . 
 most days . 
 `` get a room , '' some kid shouted and we smiled , breaking apart . 
 avril looked between us both and grinned . 
 `` what are my two favorite people up to ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` linc was n't feeling well , '' sydney said , `` so i got to play you . '' 
 avril smiled and squeezed me tighter . 
 `` he said his stomach was bothering him . 
 i 'm glad he had somebody to make him feel better . '' 
 `` i was a poor substitute , '' sydney said as we walked . 
 `` but he 's pretty fun to hold . '' 
 `` he is , is n't he ? '' 
 `` i 'm better , '' i said . 
 `` thanks syd . '' 
 we walked to class together and talked of little things , the secret still safe with syd and me . 
 she gave me a quick look and smile as avril spoke of her history teacher 's antics , distracted , and i remembered how good it felt to be in sydney 's arms . 
 i pulled avril tighter and tried not to feel guilty . 
 it was n't easy . 
 * * * that afternoon , avril and i were outside playing with the dogs when joey pulled up in his truck and parked in the driveway . 
 a car had followed him into the court and it slowed as he stepped out . 
 he turned to watch it drive by and it stopped in front of our house . 
 it idled there for a second and then an older man got out , pointed a gun at joey , and fired . 
 joey went down as avril screamed . 
 the car sped away , leaving a trail of burnt rubber in its wake . 
 it happened so fast nobody had a chance to react . 
 especially joey . 
 we ran to him , the dogs barking . 
 joey lay in a pool of his own blood , his fingers covering the wound on his belly as the dark fluid leaked around his fingers . 
 `` go call an ambulance , '' i told avril . 
 `` i 'll stay with him . '' 
 she got up and ran into the house . 
 `` is he gone ? '' 
 joey asked , clearly in a lot of pain . 
 i nodded . 
 `` what the hell ? 
 i do n't know that guy . 
 did you ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 a small crowd had begun to gather now that the action was over and a woman who was a nurse helped to get him in a better position as she held towels over the wound . 
 the ambulance arrived quickly and they loaded him up and drove off with the siren blaring and the lights flashing . 
 we followed in avril 's car . 
 she called susan and my mom from the emergency room . 
 kaylin too . 
 tuck showed up a few minutes later . 
 they took joey to surgery right away because he was bleeding pretty bad inside . 
 mom and dad showed up while he was in and then susan arrived a few minutes later . 
 we all waited for news . 
 the police questioned avril and me , taking down the make of the car and a description of the man , but we did not think to look at the license plate or anything else that might help . 
 joey said he had n't recognized him either and we told them that . 
 they looked at each other as if they suspected something else , but would n't say it out loud . 
 maybe we 'd hear from detective tate after a while . 
 we 'd just have to see . 
 an hour later , a doctor found us in the waiting room and told us joey was in recovery and doing as well as could be expected . 
 he had lost a lot of blood , but they had been able to stop the bleeding and repair the damage . 
 they had also removed a few feet of his intestines which had been damaged beyond repair . 
 if he could avoid getting an infection , he would probably get to go home in a few days . 
 `` can we see him ? '' 
 susan asked . 
 `` not yet . 
 he 's not awake . 
 the nurses will come and get you when he 's ready to be seen . 
 he was lucky . 
 it could have been a lot worse . '' 
 susan nodded and sat as the doctor disappeared into the bowels of the hospital . 
 avril held her and told her it would be okay . 
 `` i do n't understand what is going on with him , '' susan said . 
 `` who was that man and why would he just shoot joey ? 
 it does n't make sense . '' 
 she spoke the words we were all feeling and we waited with more questions than answers . 
 in my mind , it was time to find out about the real joey , whether he wanted me in or not . 
 detective tate showed up and asked us a bunch of questions . 
 most of them were the same that the other police officers had asked , but he had that look that seemed to penetrate deep into your psyche and get to the truth . 
 he was studying me with more intensity than normal . 
 he seemed to finish with his questions about joey , but stood there as if undecided about something . 
 finally he asked what i knew was coming . 
 `` we 've had some vigilante events around the city over the last few months . 
 a man wearing a mask that looks pretty real took justice into his own hands . 
 the witnesses testify to the fact he seemed to have some superhuman powers . 
 tossing people around and wreaking havoc . '' 
 he stared . 
 `` you would n't know anything about that would you ? '' 
 i shook my head , his eyes struggling to detect anything unusual from me . 
 avril kept silent until he looked at her . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` we do n't know anything . 
 why would we ? '' 
 tate knew nothing of my abilities to move objects with my mind . 
 only the fact that i could see into others ' heads and them into mine . 
 he seemed to be grasping at straws . 
 `` i just thought you might have heard something . 
 with his ability , i did n't know if he could detect things of that nature . '' 
 `` it does n't work like that , '' avril said . 
 `` he would n't know . 
 he 'd have to be connected to the person to know . '' 
 tate nodded slowly , considering . 
 and then he smiled . 
 `` we 'll find this guy , '' he said . 
 `` but keep your eyes and ears open . 
 who knows what he was after . 
 call if you see or hear anything . '' 
 he turned and left . 
 avril stared at me and frowned . 
 `` you need to stop this , '' she said . 
 `` you 're going to end up in jail . '' 
 i nodded , fully aware of the consequences . 
 and after yesterday , i was all about giving the vigilante stuff up for good . 
 i pulled her to me . 
 `` all right . 
 as you wish . '' 
 she smiled then , and leaned against me . 
 three hours later , susan was allowed to see joey . 
 they would only let one person in the recovery room . 
 she emerged fifteen minutes later with a smile on her face and tears in her eyes . 
 he was going to be all right . 
 * * * we went to school though we did n't feel like it . 
 joey was recovering in his own room now with susan staying by his side and my mom joining her in the morning . 
 there was nothing we could do , so we tried to concentrate in class , but it was difficult . 
 sydney tried to keep our minds off him , but she knew , too , that nothing would work until we got to see him . 
 we all went straight to the hospital after practice . 
 avril , tuck , sydney and i pushed his door open slowly and found him sleeping in his bed , wires and tubes running out of him . 
 susan and mom were nowhere to be found and we decided they must be getting something to eat or some fresh air . 
 i went to the side of the bed and watched him sleep . 
 he looked peaceful and comfortable . 
 i do n't know why i did what i did next . 
 it was something i did n't even really think about . 
 but i could n't take it back and that was that . 
 as avril watched from the other side of the bed , i grabbed his hand and lifted it to my face . 
 i pressed his palm to my skin and opened to him . 
 avril 's mouth dropped open , a question in her head , and then joey 's life flooded into me . 
 it was not what i expected . 
 joey came awake then , turned to me as anger spread across his face . 
 he realized what was happening as i opened to him and tried to pull away . 
 i held him tight to me with my power , anger building inside me as his life played out in my mind . 
 he could n't resist , not in his weakened state , so he let it happen . 
 joey was a complicated man . 
 kind and giving in one respect ; ruthless and cunning in another . 
 he was like a fractured being and i understood why his aura would stutter to black like it did . 
 he was sick . 
 his mind a thing he could hardly control and i saw things that made me realize i did n't know him . 
 not really . 
 i do n't think any of us did . 
 sydney gasped next to me , as avril started to cry . 
 they were seeing it too and the shock of his dark side was something they were unprepared for . 
 hell , i was n't either . 
 he had lied . 
 he knew the man in the car . 
 knew him well . 
 he had been hiding all this time from him and now he had been found . 
 the father of the prostitute that joey had killed had come for revenge . 
 and joey was afraid . 
 rightfully so . 
 chapter 4 alexia joey found alexia in a strip club in atlanta . 
 he had become addicted to the places and spent most of his extra income in small denominations , slipped into the strings and cleavage of beautiful girls wearing almost nothing . 
 he could burn through a lot of money rapidly . 
 alexia fontaine was the red dog 's star attraction , and though she earned most of her money up on the stage , she dabbled in extra curricular activity from time to time . 
 with the right client . 
 joey had fallen for her hard , his delusion of them together something he could n't shake and his fantasies with her began to rule his days and nights . 
 he could n't see it for what it was . 
 he was too close . 
 he had propositioned her a number of times , whispering in her ear when she bent over to him to accept his offered bills , her face feigning shock and then the quick shake of her dark hair as she rejected him . 
 he never grew angry , just disappointed . 
 she 'd see him for what he was eventually . 
 on a slow tuesday , she finally gave in to him , her price something that shocked him , but he did n't hesitate . 
 he had come prepared and she would be his tonight . 
 when the club closed , he walked her to his car , only to find that she had arranged other plans and his night , his health , and his money would all come to a violent end . 
 two men , huge in comparison to joey , stepped from behind a dumpster and proceeded to beat him to within an inch of his life . 
 he fought , but he was no match for them . 
 before he passed out , he heard her laugh , a strange taunting lilt of her voice that at one time brought visions of her beauty and electricity , now , grated on his ears as his vision shrank and then winked out . 
 he awoke in a hospital , two fractured ribs , a concussion and multiple cuts and contusions . 
 when he was released , he went home and fell into a deep depression . 
 he still could n't get her out of his head . 
 a week later he went back to the club and was escorted out by the bouncer a few minutes later . 
 when she had seen him , she smiled and then called the big man over . 
 he tried three more times over the course of a couple of weeks and was soon recognized at the door and not even admitted . 
 his anger began to rule his actions . 
 though he landed a few lucky punches , the doormen usually got the best of him and he found himself on his ass in the parking lot bleeding and bruised . 
 `` i never meant to hurt her , '' joey told us from his hospital bed . 
 `` i was in a place i could n't escape from . 
 i did n't know myself and the pain i was feeling controlled all my actions . '' 
 he shifted in the bed , grimacing as the bandages stretched across his skin and then he settled . 
 his shame was a thing we could all see , the aura around him that awful black fractured mess that seemed to short-circuit around him . 
 i realized that joey needed help . 
 even now , his manic state and mind was a physical thing he could n't see and only therapy and drugs could control . 
 he was going to get help . 
 i would see to that . 
 `` i followed her to her place one night , '' joey continued . 
 `` i just wanted to talk to her . '' 
 he stepped from his car and confronted her as she walked to her door . 
 she did n't look happy to see him there alone in the dark , her apartment still a good distance away . 
 he tried to talk to her , convince her he was n't a bad guy , but she was n't listening . 
 her eyes darted around in the dark , looking for help or a way to escape . 
 joey , in his delusional state , never expected what came next . 
 she pulled a pistol from her purse and pointed it at his gut . 
 he froze , unsure what was happening and unable to fathom that his love would even possess such a thing . 
 `` get in your car and drive away , '' she said , her face a mask of fear and anger , and he finally saw everything for what it was . 
 he had been a fool . 
 `` i 'm not here to hurt you , '' he said . 
 `` damn right . 
 i 'll blow a hole in you bigger than all of texas if you take one step closer . 
 now leave . '' 
 joey stared at her , but she never flinched . 
 he turned to go , the rage in him consuming his thoughts and the lie he had just told her ruling his actions . 
 he stopped and turned back . 
 `` i want my $ 500 back , '' he said . 
 she laughed . 
 `` what $ 500 ? '' 
 what feeling he had for this woman evaporated at that moment and she saw in his eyes his intentions , though he was n't even sure of those at that second . 
 he grabbed for the gun and she twisted away , but he was able to push the barrel aside as it went off . 
 the bullet sang past his ear and he grabbed the gun , wrestling with her as she slapped and kicked and spit at him . 
 in the tussle , the gun fired again . 
 she sagged against him . 
 he stepped back and watched her sink to the pavement , the light in her eyes leaving as she clung to his jacket . 
 he looked to the gun he now held and then back at her , the blood pooling around her on the pavement . 
 he panicked . 
 he ran to his car and drove away , leaving her there to die alone in the street , the gun something that revolted him now . 
 later , he stopped on the side of the road and tossed it into a lake , along with whatever was in his stomach . 
 the gun would never be found . 
 `` the police believed it to be some random shooting of a prostitute , '' joey said , `` and never put much effort into the investigation . 
 i was never tied to her death . 
 i read in the papers about her father . 
 how he hounded the police to do their jobs and find his daughter 's killer . 
 i saw him on the news a few times , but his ravings and antics only seemed like the ramblings of a madman . 
 the media lost interest and he was left to his own devices . 
 he must have been able to do his own investigative work and come to the conclusion it was me . 
 he tracked me here and has come for his revenge . '' 
 `` it was an accident , joey , '' avril said . 
 `` you should have reported it . 
 you still can . '' 
 `` they wo n't look at it that way and you know it , '' he said . 
 `` i 'd be arrested for murder . 
 hell , i was stalking her , for lack of a better word . '' 
 i knew he was right and he could see it in my head . 
 he turned to me , his eyes moist and ashamed . 
 `` i ca n't stay here , linc . 
 i told you not to get into my head and you did n't listen . 
 now you know what i really am . 
 i know you do n't owe me anything , but i 'm asking for one thing . 
 turn your back . 
 let me walk out of here and you 'll never see me again . '' 
 `` i do n't want that , '' i told him . 
 `` i do n't care what you 've done in your past . 
 we all have things we 're ashamed of . 
 you can see in me now too and know i 'm not perfect . 
 look what i did to andy and fred . '' 
 `` they deserved it . '' 
 `` i know , but i 'm not proud of it . '' 
 `` i ca n't stay here . 
 he 's still out there . 
 i have to leave or he 'll finish the job . '' 
 `` i ca n't stop you , '' i said . 
 `` i just do n't think it 's the right thing to do . 
 what about susan ? '' 
 he looked down at his hands and then stared at me . 
 `` she 'll hate me now anyway . '' 
 `` you do n't know that . 
 she forgave you for the gambling thing . '' 
 `` that was money . 
 i killed someone , linc . 
 she 's dead because of me . 
 i ca n't forgive myself , how can i expect her to forgive me ? '' 
 he grew angry then . 
 `` i ca n't stay ! '' 
 he went to get out of the bed and bent over in agony . 
 he slumped back against the mattress and closed his eyes . 
 i could see what he was thinking . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 he turned to me . 
 `` please . 
 i wo n't ask for anything else . 
 i 've burdened this family enough . 
 now , it 's time for me to leave , but i need your help . 
 do the thing , man . 
 for me . '' 
 i turned to avril who shook her head . 
 tuck was nodding , and sydney seemed confused . 
 i turned to joey . 
 `` he could kill all of you and it would be my fault , '' joey said . 
 `` i need to run and i ca n't like this . 
 think of avril , and your mom . 
 manny and your friends . 
 they 're all in danger because of me and all you have to do is that healing thing and the danger walks out of here never to return . 
 you know it 's the right thing to do . '' 
 my heart was torn . 
 i loved joey despite his faults and i know he loved me . 
 he was in a bad place . 
 a place he felt could only be left behind by running . 
 i knew that was n't the answer , but i also knew he was right . 
 who could predict what this guy would do to get to him ? 
 the police were only aware that joey was the victim of some random shooting , though i 'm sure they suspected something else . 
 i nodded to him . 
 `` this is not the right answer joey . 
 but i ca n't think of another way . '' 
 i reached my hands toward him and avril said in my head , `` linc . 
 no . 
 this will make it worse . '' 
 `` i ca n't risk endangering all of us . 
 he runs for now and we 'll figure something out later . '' 
 a single tear slid down her cheek and she turned away from me and left the room . 
 she 'd never done that before and my vision followed her as the door closed behind her . 
 i turned to joey and his eyes begged me to fix him . 
 `` this will hurt , '' i said , and he nodded . 
 i placed my hands on his stomach and back , over the bandages , and concentrated . 
 the pulsations built to a vibration , my fingers a blur over the wound . 
 joey gasped and then started to moan as the pain intensified . 
 his wounds were pretty bad and it was taking longer than anything else i had done . 
 he grabbed my arms , his eyes shut tight in pain and then an audible snap penetrated the room and he relaxed . 
 the vibrations stopped and i lifted my hands away , feeling drained and sweaty . 
 he breathed hard for a few seconds and then grinned . 
 `` thanks . 
 i think it 's better . '' 
 he twisted in the bed , flexing his body and then tore off the bandages . 
 the area underneath was red , but looked almost healed . 
 sydney stepped over and stared in wonder and then said in my head , `` you just healed him . 
 i do n't believe it . '' 
 `` i just sped it up is all . '' 
 i wondered how she had never seen this in me before . 
 joey stood up and his hospital gown slipped . 
 he grabbed it , covering himself , embarrassed . 
 `` let me get dressed , guys . 
 i need some privacy . '' 
 we left him in the room . 
 avril was outside in the hall and she looked up when we stepped out . 
 she came to me , staring at me and then she leaned into my arms and i pulled her closer . 
 `` i 'm going to miss him , '' she said . 
 `` i will too . 
 i know we 'll see him again . '' 
 joey came out of the room in his street clothes . 
 they had blood stains on them but he did n't seem to care . 
 he looked around , searching for any nurses and when he did n't see any , he stepped to us and gave us a hug . 
 `` tell susan for me , '' he said . 
 `` tell susan what ? '' 
 susan had walked up behind us . 
 i was surprised i had n't sensed her , but i must have been distracted thinking this was all wrong . 
 joey turned to her , shock and shame on his face , and then susan gasped . 
 `` i can see you , '' she said . 
 `` in my head . '' 
 he nodded . 
 she smiled and then the color drained from her face as all that was in his head filled hers . 
 she took a step back , her hand to her mouth and her legs gave way as she sank to the floor . 
 then things happened quickly . 
 as joey knelt to susan , trying his best to cradle her head in his hands , alexia 's father rounded the corner and his eyes fell to us . 
 he found joey kneeling on the floor and the hatred and anger he held flashed across his face . 
 joey saw it in my head and turned to him . 
 too late ; the man was pulling a gun from behind him . 
 a big gun . 
 it glinted in the harsh fluorescent lights and i pushed avril and sydney into a room with enough force for them to cry out . 
 i was acting on instinct and everything moved on auto-pilot . 
 the gun came up as i sent everything i had outward . 
 the tidal wave pulsed from my body as the gun fired and the bullet was deflected into the wall . 
 the wave hit joey and susan on the floor , sliding them across the linoleum and up against the wall , where joey absorbed most of the shock . 
 alexia 's father was thrown backward and slammed into the nurses ' station . 
 he sagged to the floor , the gun still in his hand . 
 he looked shocked for a second , but then got his senses back . 
 i sent another powerful burst of energy toward him and the gun flew from his hands as nurses and visitors and patients screamed and yelled in the aftermath of the gunshot . 
 raising both hands , i held alexia 's father against the console , the red energy pulsing continuously from my fingertips . 
 tuck went over to the gun and picked it up . 
 `` call security , '' he yelled , and a nurse fumbled through the mess on the desk caused by the tidal wave and found the phone . 
 `` they 're on their way . 
 they heard the blast . '' 
 alexia 's father fought but was no match for my power . 
 i stepped closer and he stared at me , hating me now as much as he hated joey . 
 he struggled to speak . 
 `` i do n't know what you are , '' he said , `` but i wo n't forget you . 
 i 'll find you again , too . '' 
 security rushed down the hall and tuck directed them to alexia 's father . 
 they flipped him over as i let my power recede . 
 they cuffed him and stood him up . 
 tuck handed them the gun and they escorted the man to some place within the hospital for the police to pick up . 
 the hall outside joey 's room and the nursing station were in ruin , pictures and papers strewn around , decorations and plants knocked over and even some wall paper torn from the walls . 
 joey glanced at me as he held susan and said in my head : `` looks like i 'm not going anywhere but to jail . '' 
 `` it will get all sorted out . 
 i have faith in you and the system . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' he said . 
 a nurse came over and brought some smelling salts to revive susan as i went into the room where i had pushed avril and sydney . 
 they both looked terrified and clung to me when they saw me . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 it 's over , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm sorry i pushed you . 
 i just reacted . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 they both were , avril not quite as shaken up as sydney . 
 she 'd been through similar situations with me and had grown used to it . 
 if you could , that is . 
 sydney was shaking , and would n't let go of me . 
 avril took her in her arms and they found a place to sit in joey 's room . 
 mom showed up with two drinks in her hand and saw the destruction . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i showed her . 
 * * * joey was arrested and extradited to georgia where he would face charges of murder for the death of alexia fontaine . 
 when they took him away in handcuffs , his wounds miraculously healed , the nurses and doctors puzzled by his recovery , his look was one i 'll never forget . 
 years of guilt and shame leaked from his aura in black dribbles that made everything around him drab and lonely . 
 susan cried silently in my mom 's arms , the shock she felt matched by her anger at the fiancé she now felt she did n't know . 
 i understood what she felt . 
 when detective tate showed up , i watched him talk to the police officers , the nurses and witnesses , and waited . 
 he came to me and avril and stood over us as we sat . 
 `` do you want to talk to me , now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 avril turned to me and i shook my head . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 he nodded his head , a look in his eyes that was more pity than anger . 
 `` you caused a lot of destruction here , '' he said . 
 `` i 'd have to say that your mind can do a lot more than you 've led me to believe . 
 do i need to be worried about this ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you 're almost eighteen , '' he said . 
 i was n't exactly sure what he meant by that , but i assumed he was threatening me with jail as an adult . 
 i was wrong . 
 `` we both are , '' avril said . 
 `` what does that mean to you ? '' 
 he turned to me and squatted down in front of me . 
 `` stop these things you 're doing . 
 i do n't have proof right now you 're involved with some of these past incidents , and i 'm not really looking at them , but somebody will put two and two together pretty easily and then i ca n't help you . 
 if you 're really who i think you are , consider a job as a cop . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` then you could get your satisfaction and be paid to do it . '' 
 he stood , smiled slightly , and stuck out his hand . 
 i looked at it and then reached out and took it in mine . 
 he stared at me hard , glanced at avril and then walked away . 
 * * * avril 's eighteenth birthday was only a few days away . 
 joey had brought a cloud over the family and i would do everything in my power to make sure she felt appreciated and loved . 
 it was a special day and no one deserved to have it marred by something as messed up as my uncle 's life . 
 sydney moved in to our house a day later , and though she remained subdued from the joey incident , i could tell she was excited to be with us . 
 and so was avril . 
 sydney 's family was not supposed to leave for a few more weeks , but she wanted to make sure the arrangement would work before they left . 
 they were like little kids as avril helped her unpack her things and settle in . 
 the room they shared was medium sized , but made cozy , each with a bed against a wall . 
 her father had bought her and avril queen sized beds and small desks so that each would have a place to study without interfering with the other . 
 when she was all unpacked i sat with them in their room and looked back and forth between them . 
 sydney came over to me , waved avril over to us , and when we were all standing close she hugged us both so tight i thought she would break a rib or something . 
 then she started to cry . 
 happy tears . 
 and avril caressed her face and cried with her . 
 `` i love you guys , '' sydney said . 
 `` thank you so much . '' 
 `` we love you too , syd , '' avril said . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're here . '' 
 that first night was like a party as we sat up and talked in their room late into the night despite the fact we all had school . 
 when i went to bed , i could still hear them murmuring in their room as sleep overtook me , dreams filled with the two beautiful girls in my life . 
 just before i drifted off , sydney slipped into my head . 
 `` i ca n't believe i 'm here with you . 
 even if it means i 'm tortured every night with you so close and i still ca n't hold you . 
 being close will have to be enough . '' 
 avril 's birthday was on a friday , and school was fun with her friends bringing her gifts and decorating her locker , the teachers all calling her out in class , and the football team singing happy birthday to her after practice . 
 that was impressive . 
 even coach danforth joined in . 
 at the house , my mom , dad , kaylin and tyler yelled surprise as we walked in . 
 we had a party there in the house before we went out on our big date and avril had tears in her eyes as susan even showed up for a few minutes . 
 after all the celebration , hugs and gifts , avril and i jumped in the car and headed for the beach . 
 i had reserved an ocean front room in ponte vedra at a ritzy resort that catered to the well-to-do . 
 it would be fun for us to pretend for a night . 
 it cost me a whole week 's pay , but it was worth it . 
 mom gave me a lecture in my head as avril got ready , and dad took me to the side and offered some advice that i felt embarrassed receiving . 
 thank god he did n't talk for long . 
 i do n't think i could handle much more lecturing from my parents . 
 we drove in my old beat up chevy , avril sitting close to me on the bench seat , her hand warm on my leg and my arm wrapped around her shoulders . 
 she smiled non-stop as we talked about getting older and being married . 
 our life was going to be the best that any two people could have and it was just beginning . 
 we walked on the beach until the sun went down . 
 i pulled her tighter to me and she sighed . 
 i had been working on a gift for her , keeping it to myself in that compartment that she could n't see . 
 i was nervous . 
 i did n't want to hurt her , but i wanted her to feel what i felt . 
 `` happy birthday , '' i said , pulling her closer to me . 
 `` i have a special gift for you that 's just between you and me . '' 
 she stared at me , a smile on her lips . 
 `` i 'm supposed to know everything in your head , '' she said . 
 `` what are you hiding from me , lincoln delabar ? '' 
 i picked her up in my arms , startling her . 
 `` hold on around my neck , '' i said . 
 she and a question in her eyes and so i answered it . 
 it was a natural progression of my power , something that i was surprised i had n't even considered before , but when it came to me , i worked up the strength every day , until this night . 
 i felt that now familiar energy build in my back , but i directed the strength of it downward . 
 my legs and feet began to tremble . 
 she looked down , feeling the energy build and then her mouth dropped open as we lifted from the sandy beach and rose straight up in the air . 
 she gasped , holding me tighter , but , of course , i would never let her go . 
 we accelerated as we climbed , the ground dropping away and shrinking into the night , the sky dark ebony with the stars and moon the only light above us . 
 below , the city lights shone in all their beauty , spreading out into the horizon and disappearing beyond the curve of the earth . 
 some of the sunset glow could be seen and we watched it disappear . 
 `` oh linc . 
 it 's beautiful . 
 do n't let me go . '' 
 `` never , '' i said . 
 we floated above the earth , the surf gently murmuring beneath us , another couple walking hand in hand along the sand . 
 they even looked up as avril squealed when i used the energy to propel us forward , but they could n't find us . 
 the speed built and the wind rushed past our faces as the skyline raced beneath us , the chill finally making her ask me to slow . 
 `` i ca n't believe you can do this , '' she said . 
 `` how have you not told me ? '' 
 `` i wanted it to be a surprise . '' 
 she hugged me tight , shivering in the chill air and i took her back to the beach , where we settled gently onto the sand and i set her down . 
 she clung to me , her face in my neck , warm tears on my skin . 
 `` this has been the best birthday ever , '' she said . 
 `` it 's not over yet . '' 
 i could feel her smile against my neck and her hand wandered to my face . 
 she touched me softly there and whispered , `` i do n't want to wait another second . 
 i 'm yours tonight and for the rest of our lives . '' 
 i picked her up again and carried her inside , laying her gently on the big bed . 
 her aura pulsated softly with an edge of red heat . 
 her eyes were lit from within and i could see she was scared . 
 so was i . 
 she gave herself to me , completely , and i never felt so in love , our devotion to each other something that i felt would never end . 
 i had been right , too . 
 the color that bloomed from within her as our passion consumed us was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen . 
 `` more than love , '' she breathed in my ear as we lay in each other 's arms when it was over . 
 `` more than love . '' 
 chapter 5 addiction i waited in my car . 
 a month had passed since i let the woman die outside the bowling alley on that horrible night . 
 rarely a day went by when i did n't think of her , the light leaving her eyes as the dark blood ebbed from her wound . 
 i had sworn off of these vigilante experiences , but my mind convinced itself slowly that i had done some good . 
 or maybe i was addicted to the rush of it . 
 whatever the reason , my abandoning of the late nights had lost its power and the feeling of needing to be out here won over , thus i found myself in the parking lot of the zoo waiting for mr. wonderful to show himself . 
 he was here . 
 i could feel it . 
 i just did n't know where at the moment . 
 i called him mr. wonderful because i had seen him over the last few days , dressed in nice slacks and a sweater , his shoes expensive and a funny beret on his head , as he tried to sweet-talk carolyn arnold while she worked in a portable shop that sold ice cream and sodas . 
 he ended up just bothering her , and would not take no for an answer . 
 i watched him on the third day as he slipped behind a building and talked to himself when his advances only resulted in her scorn . 
 he seemed very distressed . 
 but his color was what bothered me the most . 
 it was chocolate brown with splotches of gray spread through it , like a piece of cake that had turned moldy . 
 when he was scolding himself , it deepened to an almost black that i had come to associate with the badness in people . 
 carolyn came out of the employee 's gate and made her way to her car . 
 and there he was . 
 mr. wonderful had been waiting at a picnic table behind some trees where i could n't see him . 
 he stood and followed her , his color the deepest black i had ever seen . 
 it flowed along with him and cascaded down to the ground in waves , melting into the earth . 
 i slipped from my car . 
 i was behind him and he could n't see me . 
 i launched myself into the air and floated over him , a silent , masked man tracking him like a hawk . 
 the power that surged through me made me feel eager with anticipation . 
 if only he knew what was above him . 
 she heard him finally and turned . 
 when she saw him , he tipped his hat at her , but she did n't acknowledge him . 
 she picked up her pace , looking around the empty lot for help . 
 i was the only one around , but she did n't know it . 
 he pulled something from his pocket , but i could not tell what it was . 
 his pace quickened with hers and he gained on her . 
 she started to run , and he followed , his fancy shoes making hollow ` thwacking ' sounds on the pavement . 
 he called to her . 
 `` carolyn , wait . '' 
 she did n't . 
 his intentions were clear so i could n't delay any longer . 
 i swooped down from above and grabbed him under his arms . 
 he jerked in my hands , surprised , and cried out as he was lifted off his feet . 
 his legs continued their running motion and had the situation not been so serious , it would have been comical . 
 carolyn glanced behind her as i appeared from above and grabbed him , and she stopped in her tracks and watched me carry him away , her mouth open and her eyes large in the fading light . 
 he protested , but i held him and sent some energy to hold him still . 
 i did n't want to drop him , the fall would kill him . 
 i just wanted him away from her . 
 she followed us with her eyes until i disappeared from her view behind a line of trees . 
 i set him down inside the lion 's den and stood in front of him . 
 timbor walked over slowly as mr. wonderful realized where he was . 
 he panicked , but i held him in place . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 then he saw the mask on my face and looked confused . 
 i pulled his hand toward me and slipped it under my mask , making contact with my skin . 
 i opened to him and steeled myself for the onslaught that would surely come . 
 it did n't . 
 i held my breath as i saw what was in his head . 
 it confused me at first and then i saw it for what it was . 
 i had made a mistake . 
 a terrible mistake . 
 i held my hand out to timbor to stop him and i pulled the mask from my face . 
 mr. wonderful gasped at the sight of me and i spoke in his head , startling him more . 
 `` i 'm lincoln , jack , '' i said . 
 `` i owe you an apology . 
 i thought you were something else . '' 
 `` you 're in my head . 
 i can hear you in my head , '' he said . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i am special . 
 i have a pretty powerful mind and can see things that no one else can see . 
 i thought you were something bad , but i see now that you 're not well . 
 i thought you meant to harm carolyn . '' 
 `` never , '' he said . 
 `` she 's my daughter . 
 she does n't know . 
 i wanted to see her before i die . 
 i have cancer . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 let me take you to her . '' 
 i picked him up , his heart racing , and i flew him back to her as she was pulling away from her spot . 
 i landed directly in front of her , causing her to slam on her brakes . 
 i had slipped on my mask again , but the shock of seeing me drop from the sky with mr. wonderful in my arms was enough to make her cry out . 
 i could hear her through the car 's glass and metal skin . 
 i held up my hand for her to wait . 
 this would be tricky . 
 `` she 's scared of you , '' i told jack . 
 `` she thinks you 're stalking her . 
 make this right . 
 and quick . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to scare her . 
 i just did n't know how to talk to her . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 he approached her window and called to her through the glass . 
 she kept looking back and forth between us , fear rolling off of her in waves . 
 `` carolyn , '' he shouted through the glass . 
 `` i 'm not here to hurt you . 
 i 'm your father . '' 
 she jerked toward him , the grimace on her face showing the emotions within her . 
 she did n't believe and was terrified . 
 he pulled a piece of paper from his pocket and held it up to the glass . 
 i saw a birth certificate in his head . 
 something he had tracked down after her mother died . 
 he was listed as the biological father and her mother had it changed later when she wanted nothing to do with him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm your father . '' 
 he started to cry , the tears on his face evident even in the fading light , and her eyes softened as she saw the proof and everything registered . 
 she turned to me again as i stood in front of the car and i nodded . 
 she rolled down the window . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` my name is jack harper . 
 i did n't mean to frighten you . 
 i just did n't have the strength to confront you . 
 i wanted to see you , before ... '' `` jack harper ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 'm your father . '' 
 she opened the door and he stepped back . 
 she stood slowly and kept the door between them , still afraid . 
 `` he was flying , '' she said , pointing to me . 
 jack nodded , smiling . 
 `` i know . 
 he 's special . 
 he 's ... '' `` do n't tell her my name . 
 she knows my real self . 
 do n't tell her . '' 
 he stopped , glancing my way and then back to her . 
 `` i 'm dying , '' he said then . 
 `` i wanted to see you before it happened . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 she stared at him , the connection between a lost father and his daughter something that was happening slowly in front of me . 
 she took him in as similarities that could n't be denied became more apparent as she stared . 
 the set of his mouth , his eyes , and the stoop of his shoulders . 
 it was unmistakable and she saw it for what it was . 
 `` you 're my father ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 she reached out a hand and he took it in his . 
 i left them then , slipping silently into the darkening sky , and watched them embrace . 
 when they turned to where i had been standing , i was gone . 
 like a ghost . 
 i made my way to my car and slipped inside , taking deep breaths . 
 i sat and thought through what had just happened and realized that not everyone was who i thought them to be . 
 the blackness in some people must mean something besides evil and i would have to be careful . 
 very careful . 
 * * * there were two games left in the regular season and we were undefeated . 
 the thursday before homecoming , our toughest game of the season according to coach , we were at it hard at practice , avril and sydney up in the stands doing their homework . 
 waterboy came running onto the field and then up into the stands where he stopped and talked to avril . 
 she got up and ran off with him . 
 something was up . 
 i sent sydney a question . 
 `` she has an important phone call , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't know who it is . '' 
 i was distracted for the next few minutes , worried she was in some kind of trouble or something bad had happened . 
 i got my answer a minute later when she and waterboy came running . 
 sydney came down from the stands too . 
 avril was out of breath and the look on her face was something i 'll never forget . 
 `` your dad 's been shot , '' she said . 
 `` he 's at the hospital . 
 that was kaylin . '' 
 `` come with me and tell coach , '' i said . 
 `` we have to go . '' 
 she explained to coach danforth what had happened and we ran to the locker room where i chucked my pads and stuff in my locker and threw on my clothes . 
 we jumped in her car and took off to the hospital . 
 it was only a short two blocks away but i could n't get there fast enough . 
 avril did n't know what happened , kaylin was n't sure , just that he 'd been shot and was in emergency surgery . 
 sydney had her hand on my head , stroking my hair from the back seat as avril drove . 
 avril gripped my hand with cold fingers . 
 i knew how she felt . 
 my skin felt clammy and frigid too . 
 `` he 'll be okay , '' syd said . 
 `` i know it . 
 he 'll be okay . '' 
 we ran from the parking lot to the er and found kaylin and mom pacing by a large aquarium meant to add tranquility to the environment . 
 i did n't think it was working . 
 `` i do n't know what happened , '' mom said . 
 `` i got a call from the police that he 'd been shot , they did n't have a suspect , and he was being taken into surgery . 
 they will only say he 's still in there . 
 i have n't heard anything . '' 
 i sat with mom and held her hand as we waited . 
 it seemed like the clock was working backward as no word came from anyone and the nurses at the desk would n't tell us anything . 
 kaylin asked at least ten times during the last hour . 
 finally , a doctor came out in his surgical scrubs and met us by the aquarium . 
 `` are you manfred delabar 's family ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . 
 is he okay ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 `` he 's lost a lot of blood , but he came through the surgery with flying colors . 
 we 're giving him a transfusion now and if all goes well , you 'll be able to see him in about an hour . '' 
 `` oh thank god , '' mom said , leaning against kaylin . 
 `` thank you so much , doctor . 
 thank you . '' 
 he smiled and pulled the mask from around his neck . 
 `` he 's a fighter . 
 another few minutes delay and we might have lost him . 
 i do have some bad news though . '' 
 mom 's face fell and she gripped my hand as i stood next to her . 
 `` the bullet passed very close to his spine . 
 it was difficult to determine if there is damage to the thoracic spinal nerve and we wo n't know until he wakes . 
 but there is a chance he could have some paralysis . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 `` numbness or weakness ? '' 
 `` or worse , '' he said . 
 `` he could have lost the use of his legs , but that 's the worst case scenario . '' 
 avril 's hand slipped into mine . 
 she knew all too well what it was like to be unable to walk . 
 i tightened my grip around her fingers and felt sydney soothing me in my head . 
 `` paralyzed ? '' 
 mom asked in disbelief . 
 `` we 're hoping for the best , but we just do n't know . 
 i 'm sorry i do n't have a positive answer . 
 we 'll just have to see . '' 
 he nodded and left us there as he made his way into the depths of the hospital . 
 i had n't even caught his name . 
 an hour later they let mom see him in recovery and she came out it tears . 
 he was n't awake and she could n't get him to respond to her . 
 the nurse told her it was normal after surgery and he would be better after the anesthesia wore off more . 
 we waited . 
 another two hours passed without any word and then another doctor approached us with a sour look on his face . 
 avril tensed next to me and i could tell something was wrong . 
 the doctor introduced himself as the on-call surgeon and told us dad had taken a turn for the worse . 
 he was placed on a respirator and taken up to the intensive care unit . 
 some blood clots had formed and they thought one lodged in his lungs . 
 he was in a coma and unresponsive , but his vital signs were as good as could be expected . 
 `` we 'll keep him in the coma for a day or two on medication and then we 'll see how he is . 
 we 'll continue to run tests and scans to try and determine the next step . 
 i know this is not the news you wanted to hear , but he 's in good hands and if you 'll follow the signs to the icu , you can wait to see him up there . '' 
 `` will he be all right ? '' 
 my mom asked . 
 the doctor hesitated and we knew his answer was not going to be what we wanted to hear . 
 `` he 's very ill , mrs. delabar . 
 we 'll do the best we can . 
 he 's strong and he has the best people in town taking care of him . 
 i 'm optimistic he 'll pull out of this . '' 
 he turned and left us there to find our way to the icu . 
 kaylin started to cry and mom held her tightly . 
 we could only wait . 
 * * * dad remained in the coma the next day . 
 they would only allow two visitors at once for fifteen minutes and so far mom and kaylin were the only ones to go in . 
 i wanted to see him , but the nurses would n't allow it . 
 avril , sydney , tuck and i waited in the room off of the icu with the other families of the very sick and listened to the television drone on in the background . 
 a litany of talk shows that no one in the room paid attention to paraded across the screen . 
 lots of muted and gray auras in there made the atmosphere stifling and the vibe was one of hope and death at the same time . 
 it made for a tension-filled day . 
 the big game was tonight and though i really could do nothing here , i did n't want to leave . 
 coach understood the dilemma and had made a visit to us explaining that my family was the most important thing and they would do fine without me and not to worry . 
 tuck was gloomy , not because of my dad , but the conflict that tore at him inside about whether i should play or not . 
 mom , kaylin , avril , and sydney all felt i should . 
 that it would do no good for me to sit here with nothing changing and wait for whatever was going to happen . 
 they convinced me it was what dad would have wanted ; that i made a commitment and should stick with it no matter what . 
 i argued , but lost the fight . 
 they were going to drag me to the game whether i wanted to go or not . 
 `` but i wo n't be worth a damn , anyway , '' i argued . 
 `` think about it . 
 how am i going to be at my best ? 
 they should let the back-up play and that will give them the best chance . '' 
 `` there 's nothing for you to do here but join the sullen club and suffer while your dad would want you to play , '' mom said . 
 `` do it for him . 
 do it for me . 
 it 's important to you and all this waiting will change nothing with your father . '' 
 i agreed to it , but i wanted to see him before i left , so during the next visitor 's slot , i went in with mom . 
 he lay face up on stark white sheets . 
 wires , tubes , tape , bandages , and a host of machinery surrounded him on the bed and made it look as if he was the brunt of some sick sci-fi joke at halloween . 
 his eyes were covered with small squares of gauze taped over them . 
 the ventilator hissed next to him as it pushed the air in and out of his lungs . 
 he did n't move . 
 mom started to cry immediately and went to the other side of the bed while i looked him over , staring at all the stuff hooked up to him . 
 it was hard to imagine that dad was beneath all of this hardware . 
 i struggled to find him in there . 
 his aura was very gray , only a small bit of color at its core and that bothered me . 
 the police had been by again earlier with little or no news on his attacker and they waited for him to awaken to try and get some kind of statement from him . 
 nothing had surfaced and though we had expressed some concerns over the prindle family as the cause , they had nothing to warrant a search of their house , and burt prindle refused to cooperate . 
 i 'd find out for myself . 
 i had to know . 
 but first there was something i needed to do . 
 a nurse came in and i told mom to ask her where the injuries were and what was going on with him . 
 the nurse explained he had been shot in two places ; the lower abdomen and the chest . 
 the lower abdomen bullet had passed completely through and was what the doctors were worried over concerning his spinal chord . 
 the bowel had been damaged and now an infection was raging inside his abdominal cavity from the bacteria that had leaked from his intestines . 
 she called it peritonitis . 
 but the most critical injury had been the lungs . 
 she called it something with a bunch of letters . 
 ards . 
 basically the body had gone into a type of serious shock and the lungs were inflamed making it difficult for the ventilator to push the air in . 
 it made a horrible piston-like noise as it cycled and the gauge 's needle on the machine kept creeping into the red . 
 when the nurse left , i did my thing , mom watching silently with tears in her eyes , as i put my hands to his stomach and back at the abdominal injury . 
 i felt my fingers vibrating at incredible speeds and dad squirmed a bit , the pain something he felt even in his coma , and then that audible snapping sound i had come to know as the cure . 
 since he was out , i could only guess at what happened . 
 then i moved up to his chest and did the same thing . 
 it took so much more energy and i broke out in a sweat from the exertion . 
 it took a lot longer and his heart skipped some beats . 
 an alarm sounded . 
 when that audible snapping happened , the alarm stopped , and the ventilator sounded different . 
 like it was n't working as hard . 
 as the nurse came running in , i looked at the gauge on the machine and the needle was much lower . 
 out of the red . 
 the nurse glanced at me with my hands on him , checked his leads for the ekg and then noticed the change in the ventilator . 
 she came over and made some adjustments , checked his blood pressure and temperature and looked pleasantly surprised . 
 `` i 'll be damned , '' she said . 
 `` he 's ventilating easier , the pressure 's way down and his vital signs are improving . 
 i 'll call the doctor and see if he wants to change anything . '' 
 `` is that good ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 the nurse smiled . 
 `` very good . 
 he 's made a turn for the better , i think . '' 
 she touched my mom 's arm . 
 `` i think he 'll pull through . '' 
 she left again and my mom cried tears of joy as she hugged me . 
 there was one more thing i needed to do . 
 i picked up his hand in mine and brought it to my face , my mother watching and questioning me in her head and then she understood . 
 whether she approved or not , it was going to happen and i would not let her stop me . 
 his cold hand touched my skin and i let him connect with me again , that old familiar presence something i had missed for all these years . 
 i sighed as i recognized him in my head . 
 the drugs kept him from reacting to me at first , the powerful sedatives would keep an elephant down , and i could see some damage in his head that made his thoughts jumbled . 
 as i poked around , searching for anything that might give me a clue , i felt his mind connect briefly with me and he knew i was there . 
 i gasped at his worried thoughts , his only concern that he would not be around to see me grow older and that he would leave us to the world again , abandoning us as he had before . 
 i reassured him he would be all right and he seemed to sense my positive outlook . 
 he relaxed and sank back into his drugged world and i probed some more . 
 when i saw what had happened , the obviousness of it a conclusion that i could have come to on my own , the anger seethed inside me . 
 i felt guilty that i had not taken care of this before and now my father lay in front of me hooked up to all these machines . 
 my mother saw it too , her eyes on me and her tears thickening . 
 she knew what i wanted to do and did nothing to stop me . 
 i let his hand rest softly back on the bed , looked once more up at her and then left the room , the icu , and the hospital behind . 
 i had someone to whom i owed a bit of me . 
 and i would give it to them . 
 probably more than a bit . 
 chapter 6 reunion 2 i sat in my car and waited . 
 it seemed i was in this beat up old thing a lot lately , waiting for someone or something to happen , and now that i knew what had happened to my father , this old car had a purpose that felt right and good . 
 though the darkness inside me felt wrong and bad , i did n't care . 
 i would let it take over and rule the day . 
 this had gone on long enough . 
 i felt her before her car turned the corner and the surprise at her being here was replaced immediately by anger . 
 i said nothing to her in her head as she left her car parked behind me and opened the passenger door to my vehicle , slipping in . 
 `` how did you find me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 sydney turned to me and cast her beautiful eyes on my face and i saw a side of her i 'd never seen . 
 she was as mad as i was . 
 `` you should know by now that we 're connected beyond anything you have with everybody else . 
 i could find you in a blinding snow storm if i had to . '' 
 why could n't i do that , i thought to myself ? 
 `` because you have n't tried , '' she answered , the seriousness of her face and the glow of her aura something that disturbed me , yet gave me strength . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't need you in the way . '' 
 she looked hurt , briefly , and then grew determined . 
 `` you do n't think you need me , but you do . '' 
 `` this is not the time , syd . '' 
 `` i 'm not talking about our love . 
 you love her and i ca n't change that . 
 i know you love me too , but it 's different . 
 i 'm talking about my strength . 
 you need it . 
 she ca n't give it to you . 
 not today . 
 she 's too close to this . '' 
 i thought about it and she was right . 
 there was no way avril could give me anything but hesitation and maybe even a weakness i did n't want to admit . 
 she would want me reined in and that could be dangerous . 
 for her and for me . 
 bret was her brother and blood was still blood , even if he was as bad as any brother could be . 
 i turned to avril 's old house and stared . 
 the beat up for sale sign with the word ` foreclosure ' painted across the realtor 's logo , faded and worn , sat canted in the weed-choked yard . 
 no one had wanted anything to do with a murder house . 
 it sat abandoned and empty . 
 until now . 
 bret and paul were back and were using the old place , as obvious as it seemed , and no one would think to look there . 
 except me . 
 sydney reached over and touched my shoulder , that tingling we had started up and i tried to ignore it , but it was impossible . 
 there was something about her that made me different . 
 something she gave me and i gave her . 
 i could fight it and deny it , but i realized she was right . 
 i would need her today . 
 and she would be there . 
 `` where 's avril ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she 's with your family at the hospital . 
 she does n't know where you are . 
 she 's worried . '' 
 good . 
 i did n't want her here in the way . 
 i turned to sydney and looked into her eyes . 
 she searched my face and softened . 
 `` if this gets bad , '' i said . 
 `` i might not be able to protect you . 
 i do n't like thinking like that . '' 
 `` i can take care of myself . '' 
 `` is there something i should know about you ? '' 
 `` you know everything there is to know . '' 
 she looked away . 
 `` except ... '' she glanced back at me , and then lifted her hand and pointed her fingers at the keys in the ignition . 
 the keys wiggled , jingling a bit , and then they were pulled from their keyhole and floated in front of my face , where i reached up and took them from the air . 
 i stared at her , dumbfounded . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i 'm not as powerful as you ... '' and i finished her thought . 
 `` but you can make me stronger . '' 
 she nodded , slowly , her aura blazing around her , the fiery color of it something that fanned the power in me . 
 i could feel it well inside me , a burning and intensity i 'd never felt before . 
 `` why have you kept this from me ? 
 i thought you loved me . '' 
 `` a girl has to have some things private . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` no more secrets from me , '' i said . 
 she shook her head , moving closer to me , and then pressing her lips to my face . 
 `` no more secrets , '' she whispered . 
 the tingling spread from the skin on my face outward throughout my whole body and i took a breath in , savoring the power . 
 `` are we going to do this , or what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i think what was about to happen excited her in a way that i could understand , but still , it felt like a different sydney to me . 
 i think she was turned on by all this and she smoldered in front of me as we separated . 
 we reached for the car door handles at the same time , but then something crept into my head and i grabbed her arm , telling her to wait . 
 an old familiar presence slowly surfaced , and then i saw paul rose come from between two houses and walk out to the street heading for avril 's old house . 
 sydney tensed , but stayed in the car as paul sensed me . 
 he stopped , looked around , and then ran . 
 `` go ! '' 
 i told her and we jumped from the car and ran after him . 
 he made it to the door of the house and ran inside , bret 's mind now coming into focus as we got closer . 
 then they both winked out like a switch . 
 it gave me a start , sydney questioning me in my head as to what happened . 
 then i remembered the helmet from our last encounter with bret . 
 they must both be using them . 
 sydney saw it in my head and did n't like being in the dark any more than i did , but we pressed on , our feet carrying us closer to the unknown danger at a sprint . 
 i heard a car start up . 
 something with a big engine , and then bret and paul appeared from behind the house in an older ford mustang , its engine throbbing as its wheels spun on the grass . 
 i grabbed sydney 's arm and stopped in the street . 
 bret was behind the wheel and he grinned as he swerved the car toward us , the engine screaming as the rpms rose , propelling the car toward us like a missile . 
 two guns appeared in their hands and i did the only thing i could . 
 i pulled sydney to me , wrapped my arms around her and leapt into the air , the surge of power rocketing us skyward . 
 she cried out in surprise and then clung to me as we climbed higher . 
 bret and paul sped down the street and pulled away . 
 i switched directions and took us to my car . 
 `` now who 's keeping secrets , '' she said , a grin on her face as we touched down . 
 `` no time , '' i said and jumped in the car , cranking it up as she ran to the passenger side . 
 the tires spinning , i swerved the car around and went after them . 
 they were not going to get away . 
 my old car protested but it did n't fail me and we caught them as they were leaving the neighborhood . 
 they had slowed after they thought the danger had passed , but now that they saw me in their rear view mirror , the mustang shot ahead as the more powerful muscle car responded to bret 's heavy foot . 
 we sped onto congested blanding boulevard , horns blaring and tires squealing . 
 our only hope was for them to make a mistake . 
 i only needed to get a little closer . 
 bret weaved in and out of traffic , and it was slowing them down , giving my old car an even chance in a race . 
 i gained on them . 
 they swerved in front of a truck , but i kept them in view as they found heavier congestion and had to come to a complete stop . 
 bret rammed repeatedly into the car in front of him until the guy got the point and pulled off the road onto the sidewalk . 
 bret gunned the engine and swerved around another car and took off . 
 i followed , but he had hit an open stretch and was pulling away . 
 i pushed my car as hard as i could , the engine screaming and vibrating to pieces , but bret was pulling away . 
 `` do n't lose them , '' sydney shouted unnecessarily and i glanced at her . 
 `` if you have a better suggestion , i 'm all ears . 
 this old thing will only go so fast . '' 
 `` use your power . '' 
 `` i ca n't from here . 
 it will spread outward and cause damage to things i do n't want to hurt . '' 
 `` so what ? 
 you need to stop them . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt some innocent bystander , '' i said as i swerved around a honda that had stopped dead in the middle of the road . 
 bret had slammed into it and the driver stopped . 
 bret turned on to old jennings road and headed for less congestion . 
 the traffic thinned as he pulled away and then turned right down some old road i did n't even know the name of . 
 they were heading for some lonely spot away from populated areas of orange park . 
 probably to confront us . 
 `` dammit ! '' 
 i shouted and followed as the car grew smaller in my vision . 
 the road changed to dirt and ruts and i saw that bret 's car was slowing , losing its traction with the speed it was carrying . 
 i gained , my old thing getting beat to death , but i did n't care . 
 i had to catch them . 
 we got within a hundred yards and sydney leaned forward trying to see through all the dust being kicked up by their tires . 
 as i pulled closer to them , sydney shouted , `` now , linc ! 
 now ! '' 
 she grabbed the wheel and i raised my hands , sticking them out the window and sending everything i had at the mustang . 
 a red blur of power shot outward from me and i watched with satisfaction as the wave struck the mustang , raising its rear end upward and flipping it forward end over end . 
 it made a horrible noise as it tumbled in front of us and then settled on its roof as it slid to a stop . 
 i slammed on my brakes and sydney jumped from the car , running to the wrecked mustang . 
 `` sydney , no ! 
 wait . '' 
 i yelled in her head , but she did n't listen . 
 i followed quickly behind , the cloud of dirt from the road difficult to see through , and as i reached the wreck , she was kneeling inside , reaching for paul . 
 he had his gun still in his hand , but was dazed and bleeding from the head . 
 bret was trapped behind the wheel and i could read him now because his helmet had slipped off in the crash . 
 he was fumbling for his gun that lay next to him as he hung upside down in his seat belt . 
 he was also bleeding . 
 paul came to his senses as his gun tracked to sydney who was kneeling beside him outside the window . 
 she glared at him and raised her hand , the gun flying from his fingertips as she used her own power . 
 much stronger than she had led me to believe . 
 she reached in and found his neck with her hands and squeezed , the aura around her a dark red with black fringes curling outward from within it . 
 the anger in her something that had changed her . 
 `` sydney ! 
 no ! '' 
 i yelled , but she did n't listen . 
 bret crept into my head then , a slithering snake of a voice , dripping with anger and sarcasm , pulling my vision back to him . 
 i found the barrel of a gun pointed at my face . 
 `` your father cried like a baby , '' he said . 
 `` i 've never heard anyone beg for their life like he did . 
 it did n't matter . 
 i pulled the trigger anyway . '' 
 the blackness that was in me found sydney 's rage and it took hold in a split second . 
 i had no choice but to let it fill me . 
 there was no time to react to it , it just happened . 
 i saw through red tunnel vision the gun in bret 's hand melt like plastic , the screams from him as the molten metal burned into his skin . 
 i pulled him to me , the seat belt ripping in two as a horrible tearing sound found its way to my ears . 
 i took his head in my hands and wrenched it to the side , the vertebrae in his neck snapping like twigs and his body going limp in my hands . 
 i looked up to find sydney staring at me , the blackness leaving me as reality sunk in . 
 her lip trembled as a tear slid down her face and she looked at her hands in front of her and opened and closed her fingers . 
 i saw bret 's lifeless body in my hands , paul 's unmoving hanging from his belt , and i dropped bret to the ground . 
 i stared at sydney as she cried on the other side of the wrecked mustang . 
 `` what have we done ? '' 
 she did n't have an answer . 
 chapter 7 the beginning of the end we were in shock . 
 we drove to my house in silence , but the anguish i felt inside at what i had done tore at me like razors across my skin . 
 i wept inside and it eventually leaked from my face as blood tinged tears from eyes that i did not possess . 
 i pulled over and started sobbing , sydney holding me in her arms and joining me with her own tears . 
 after a few minutes , i let her drive and she took us home . 
 in the house , i was a mess . 
 i rambled on about killing my true love 's brother . 
 killing a man . 
 snapping his neck with my bare hands and taking his life from him . 
 sydney was lost in her own despair and went to my mother 's liquor cabinet , poured herself a vodka , and drank it in one slug . 
 she looked to me , the sadness in her eyes something i could n't bear , and she brought the bottle to me . 
 she pulled the port for my feeding tube out and found a syringe in the drawer . 
 she did n't have to say anything to me . 
 i would n't have fought her anyway . 
 i wanted the pain to stop and she was helping to do it . 
 she poured vodka into the syringe and pumped it into my stomach . 
 i felt the wave of the alcohol take effect in minutes and felt better . 
 she drank another glassful , choking on it as her throat fought to reject it , but she gagged it down . 
 i could see her eyes glazing over . 
 she poured more into the syringe and pumped it into me and i felt no pain . 
 the loathing i had for myself remained , but the pain of what i had done seemed better . 
 she put the bottle down , tears in her eyes , and moved to me , sitting in my lap and wrapping her arms around me . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i 'm so sorry , '' she said over and over again and i caressed her hair with my hand as the alcohol took hold even stronger . 
 i picked her up and took her to the room she shared with avril , setting her down on her bed , meaning to let her sleep it off . 
 she looked up at me as i lay her back on the pillow , her eyes boring into me , a feeling of loneliness so strong i could n't look away . 
 she pulled me to her , wrapping her arms around my neck . 
 `` please do n't leave me , '' she whispered . 
 i slipped in beside her , holding her against me , that familiar tingling running up and down along my body as mine touched hers . 
 the alcohol seemed to make it that much more intense and she stroked my face with her fingers as she felt it too . 
 the tears dried on her skin and i touched her cheek with my fingers , a powerful wave of passion passing between us as we caressed each other . 
 she pressed her lips to mine , the ghostly ones that only she and avril could see , and i gasped at the feel of her softness against me . 
 i could feel my own lips against hers . 
 her tongue tasting mine . 
 her hands in my hair . 
 and i gave into it . 
 i was lost . 
 lost to what i thought was this world and i wanted nothing but to feel how good she felt . 
 how powerful she made me feel . 
 i let it all go and gave myself to her and she to me . 
 then it all became a blur and i remembered nothing else . 
 * * * i awoke to the sound of crying . 
 i did n't know where i was , but i sensed avril , her mind a mass of confusion and pain , and i sat up , dizzy . 
 i saw her there in front of me , her hand at her mouth , her eyes filled with tears and the look on her face one i will never forget for the rest of my life . 
 i was in sydney 's bed . 
 and she was next to me . 
 our clothes on the floor and my nakedness covered by the sheets . 
 i was still drunk . 
 i could tell , because the room would n't stop spinning , but i could n't remember how i got here . 
 then it came back in a rush , the vision of sydney and me together , and then the horrible scene as i killed avril 's brother with my bare hands . 
 i could n't stop it . 
 the alcohol impaired my ability to compartmentalize anything in my head and avril saw everything as sydney stirred awake next to me . 
 the shock on avril 's face lasted only a second and then she ran from the room . 
 i stumbled out of the bed , my mother and tuck coming in as avril rushed past them , my nakedness something i did n't care about . 
 mom and tuck saw everything too and i could feel tuck 's anger as i stumbled past them trying to make my body cooperate . 
 i fell in the hallway , calling out to avril in my head . 
 `` wait ! 
 avril ! 
 please ! '' 
 but she ran . 
 fleeing from the house in anguish so deep i could feel it inside me as it tore me apart . 
 i stood again and lunged for the stairs but tripped and fell , cascading down the steps and lying at the bottom as i heard her car start and pull away . 
 that feeling of her slipping out of my reach came to me . 
 the one i felt the day i was beaten with a bat by andy prindle . 
 her pulling away as the distance increased between us and i felt i would never see her again . 
 never again . 
 and i screamed in anger and anguish , the sound a horrible screeching that shattered the front window of the house . 
 tuck stood over me , his hands in fists , the anger in him something that made his aura a foreign color to me . 
 one i had never seen around him . 
 i had not only betrayed my true love , but i had betrayed my best friend . 
 he unconsciously pulled his fist back , wanting to strike me , and i wept in front of him , my alcohol induced stupor welcoming any pain he was about to inflict . 
 i deserved it . 
 wanted it . 
 welcomed it . 
 but it did n't come . 
 he slowly lowered his hand and sadness overtook him that was worse than the anger . 
 i watched a tear slip down his cheek and then he walked out of the house . 
 i heard my mother upstairs speak five words to sydney , and then nothing else . 
 `` leave . 
 you 're not welcome here . '' 
 then i vomited all over the floor . 
 i passed out . 
 chapter 8 nightmare from which i can not wake my dreams were filled with a happiness that i no longer felt in my wakeful state . 
 avril was with me , her shimmering glow a beacon of hope and joy that i had felt for so long . 
 it was a part of me . 
 in my dreams she was a part of me i could n't live without . 
 as the real world came into focus , waking from the knowing that it was all just a dream , the pain of emptiness ripped my heart out again and i felt it anew just as that day a week ago when my life fell apart . 
 i sat up in my bed , unsure of my surroundings , and when reality dawned again , i collapsed against my pillow and hated myself . 
 avril had disappeared . 
 not a trace of her anywhere and if i could just know whether she was okay or not , maybe i could function . 
 it was selfish of me to think she might do something to harm herself , that belief that she needed me so much , her life was worthless without me , but if she felt anything close to what i felt , i would not blame her . 
 and i worried that i had destroyed the one virtuous thing in this whole world . 
 destroyed it in one selfish and cruel act of an evil i could hardly believe i had inside of me . 
 where was she ? 
 was she all right ? 
 i could n't feel her , no matter how hard i tried , and the despair was building every day . 
 mom was drinking heavily again . 
 the shock of her son 's betrayal and murderous actions something she could not deal with . 
 dad was doing better , off of the ventilator , but still in the hospital , recovering as well as could be expected . 
 even though mom was clearly happy at his recovery , the discovery in her own house of sydney and me together , destroying my life with avril , the girl she considered a second daughter , overshadowed the joy she felt at dad 's good blessings . 
 she felt torn between his good fortune and my disastrous life . 
 i had not seen sydney since that day . 
 she was now living in a motel , her father footing the bill until she could arrange something else . 
 she had climbed into my head once and i heard her say she was sorry . 
 then she was gone . 
 she had not been at school all week . 
 the team had won the game i missed , but by a small margin . 
 the coach had assumed i was spending time with the family , unaware of what really went on , and tuck kept it all to himself . 
 he was the other aspect of my life that pushed me even further into myself . 
 he hated me . 
 and i did n't blame him . 
 i returned to school on the tuesday before the championship game , my mother telling me i could not avoid life no matter how badly i had attempted to destroy my own . 
 at least she could still be a parent , though a drunk and messed-up one . 
 i went through the day in a cloud of anger and bitterness . 
 avril was a no-show and sydney absent as well . 
 the day dragged on as i slogged through the classes and reported to practice with the team . 
 tucker hated me from a distance for most of the day , but at practice it was necessary for us to work together as a team . 
 he laid it all out for me in the locker room . 
 `` i do n't want to hear it , '' he said as i started to speak to him . 
 `` you throw me the ball . 
 i catch it . 
 that 's it . 
 stay out of my head and away from me . 
 got it ? '' 
 he walked away , his helmet slamming into the lockers and i hung my head in disgrace . 
 bedlam , who had failed a year due to his grades , was still a senior this year and he had witnessed what took place between tuck and me . 
 he sat down next to me . 
 `` you two going to be able to play ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` this is important , '' he said . 
 `` it 's the championship or nothing . 
 can you put this behind you and concentrate on the game ? '' 
 i sighed , but nodded slowly . 
 he thumped me on the back . 
 `` good . 
 let 's win this thing . '' 
 the week passed slowly . 
 school dragged on , practice happened , and for the most part i did my job , though coach could tell something was wrong . 
 he did n't question me about it . 
 when practice was over , i drove around the city trying to find avril . 
 hours in the car . 
 i visited all the places that i thought she could be , but i felt nothing . 
 i even expanded my search into jacksonville and south to middleburg , but she was nowhere to be found . 
 the zoo had n't heard from her in a week and she did n't show for her shifts on saturday and sunday . 
 susan tried to reassure me , but she felt my shame , though i would n't let her see what i had done . 
 she guessed for the most part and said she would let me know if avril showed up . 
 i thanked her and would see her again at work this weekend . 
 i searched and searched , staying up late into the night , sleeping little and making myself sick . 
 i did n't care . 
 i had to find her . 
 i had to make her know that she was the world to me . 
 at night , my dreams were filled with her and even for that short time the memory of her scent and the feel of her skin against mine was like she had never been gone . 
 i could smell her in my sheets , and feel her on my pillow , taste her in mind . 
 it was driving me insane . 
 the night of the big game , dad was released from the hospital . 
 he could still not walk and the doctors were worried he might be permanently paralyzed . 
 it did n't keep him from wanting to see his son play in the championship game and he made mom and kaylin wheel him into the stands to watch . 
 he knew what happened , but never mentioned it to me . 
 i think he knew how i felt . 
 he had lost his whole family and the love of his life at one point too and it hurt too close for him to bring it up . 
 i was glad he was there , but my mind was still not in the game . 
 i wanted her here and it was n't to be . 
 the game was a disaster in the first half . 
 our running game was going nowhere and tuck and i had only connected on three passes . 
 their cornerbacks were the best we 'd seen and stuck to tuck like glue . 
 at halftime we were losing by a touchdown , a place we had n't been all season . 
 in the locker room the team was dejected and coach did his best to pick us all up . 
 after his speech , he pulled tuck and me aside and put it to us bluntly . 
 `` i do n't know what 's going on with you two . 
 i do n't want to know , but you need to get it out of your head and get this game under control . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 i nodded , but tuck did n't say a thing . 
 `` tucker , '' coach said , `` are you with me on this or do i need to take you out ? '' 
 he glanced at me , the anger clearly boiling below the surface . 
 `` throw me the ball and i 'll catch it . 
 i promise . '' 
 it was all we could ask for . 
 on the field , the other team had made some adjustments too and it seemed as if we could not gain a single yard on them . 
 tuck and i were not communicating , he would ignore what i told him , and my passes to him were missing the mark . 
 in the fourth quarter , we were still down by a touchdown . 
 we needed an edge . 
 during the next defensive series , i pulled my computer out and talked to coach . 
 he was busy and did n't want to take time but i would n't let him ignore me . 
 i reminded him of tuck 's and my connection , the telepathy , and suggested that he and the whole offense connect with me immediately . 
 he stared at me and then looked up at the scoreboard . 
 the other team was driving and about to score again . 
 he looked back at me and asked , `` what do we do ? '' 
 i gathered the offense around me and connected with coach first . 
 he was shocked at what happened , but then he grinned when the advantage of it became clear . 
 he explained to the rest of the offense what needed to be done and they all connected with me one after the other . 
 only one receiver was reluctant , he thought it creepy , but the rest of the team convinced him and he joined in . 
 it made all the difference in the world . 
 on the next offensive series , we executed the plays immediately after getting set on the line , the hurry-up style offense something the other team struggled to defend . 
 tuck was letting me in again and we connected on four passes , with him scoring the tying touchdown . 
 the crowd went wild . 
 our defense held them to get the ball back and we had a minute and thirty seconds to score again to win . 
 as we huddled on the first play , a tickling reached my mind and i recognized her in an instant . 
 i stood up straight , feeling avril in my head , and i searched the crowd trying to find her . 
 the whole team felt it and wondered what the hell was going on . 
 they really did n't understand what was happening with me as they were so new to the telepathy . 
 they only knew that i was distracted . 
 tuck whacked me on the helmet . 
 `` get your head back in the game , '' the anger clearly back on his face . 
 i could n't . 
 i could feel her . 
 she was here , but barely within range . 
 i tried to talk to her but she did n't respond . 
 the only thing i could feel was her sorrow and disappointment with me and the regret she had for what she was about to do . 
 the first play went into motion and i threw the ball wild . 
 it sailed over tuck 's head and went out of bounds . 
 the crowd groaned . 
 coach yelled in my head to pay attention . 
 he could see what was happening too and worried i would n't be able to pull it off . 
 he considered putting in my back-up , but i shook avril 's presence aside and put myself back in the game . 
 the next play , i talked to tuck and he broke inside from his corner as i let the ball fly and he caught it and gained the first down . 
 thirty-five seconds remained on the clock . 
 we ran a play and gained nothing , the clock ticking and the pressure on , and then tuck caught another pass but did n't make the first down or get out of bounds . 
 we went to the line as quickly as we could , the clock ticking past five seconds . 
 we only had one more play and this was it . 
 the ball was hiked to me and i stepped back in the pocket , looking for tuck . 
 he was covered and both linebackers on the defense were blitzing and heading straight for me . 
 i ducked but the one caught me and started to drag me down . 
 the crowd screamed in agony , thinking the game over , but i could n't let that happen . 
 not after all that had happened . 
 i used some of my power and flung the linebacker off of me and stuck my hand out toward the other where it was obvious that plain old air did n't cause him to bounce backwards off of nothing . 
 the crowd gasped , and i could see some of the defensive players gawking as they stopped in their tracks , staring at their downed linebackers . 
 i found tuck and let the ball fly . 
 it was a huge arcing spiral that hung in the air forever as the clock ticked to zero . 
 i could tell he was going to be short , so i did what tuck never wanted me to do . 
 i used my power as he dived for the ball and pushed him further to it where it fell in his hands and he landed in the end zone . 
 touchdown . 
 the game was over and we had won . 
 the crowd went berserk , screaming and yelling and chanting my name as the sideline emptied in celebration and the team carried me on their shoulders to the sound of `` blank ! 
 blank ! 
 blank ! '' 
 i saw my father pumping his fist and my mother cheering me on , but i had not felt avril since she snuck into my head . 
 she was gone again and i mourned the feelings it created inside me . 
 i could n't celebrate . 
 it just meant nothing to me . 
 commotion on the other sideline brought attention back to the field as the referees converged at center field and discussed things with the other coach . 
 apparently my play had aroused some suspicion . 
 the crowd continued to carry on , but coach danforth was now out on the field with the refs and gesturing wildly , angered at something that was being said . 
 the head referee blew his whistle repeatedly until the crowd began to quiet down and the announcer gained everyone 's attention . 
 at the center of the field , the head referee talked into his microphone and declared the game contested until the replays could be examined and a determination of any form of cheating could be made . 
 the crowd erupted again , only this time in protest , and tuck shouted in my head . 
 `` i told you not to do it ! 
 i told you ! '' 
 i felt her in my head again , then . 
 a whisper as the crowd faded into the background , angry fans and angry players all frantically running around me . 
 they faded into the background as she spoke to me for the last time . 
 `` do n't try to find me . 
 please . 
 i had to feel you one more time , but i ca n't be with you . 
 it hurts too much . 
 i do n't know you anymore . 
 goodbye , linc . '' 
 `` more than love , '' i said to her , trying to reach her . 
 i fought the crowds and the team , pushing them aside and running in the direction i thought she was , but of course , i did n't know . 
 she shut me out and shrank from inside me . 
 i felt her slip away and i sank to my knees on the field , the damp grass seeping through my uniform . 
 `` more than love . 
 more than love . 
 more than love . '' 
 it fell on empty ears and i wept . 
 * * * i was hated . 
 a loathing that i could feel every day , every hour , every minute . 
 my classmates , my friends , my coaches , my fans , and especially myself . 
 my life had been destroyed in a matter of minutes and i could find nothing here worth living for . 
 the game had been contested and after watching the obvious moves i made , even though it was uncertain how on earth i could do such things , the touchdown had been reversed and a charge of cheating filed against our school . 
 the championship was taken away and awarded to the other team . 
 coach resigned in disgrace and the newspapers spoke of my abilities as if i were some freak of nature that was sent to this town as a curse . 
 which , by all accounts , was somewhat accurate . 
 i hated myself and there was nothing left for me here . 
 my life a distant memory in the past and nothing from that time existed any longer except one thing . 
 i had n't been to school in over a week . 
 my mother and father and sister had n't seen me since the game . 
 i slept in my car and contemplated what i would do . 
 there was only one thing left . 
 one thing from my past that still lingered in my mind . 
 the thing that gave me some hope . 
 i drove around all day , delaying the inevitable and finally pulled into the lot . 
 i knocked on the door and as it opened , i started to cry . 
 sydney stood in the doorway to her motel room and then reached out and pulled me to her . 
 she held me as i wept in her arms , my life something i could no longer recognize , and i held on to the only thing left of its past . 
 she was all i had left . 
 all that cared . 
 she understood me better than anyone ever could and i needed that understanding now more than anything else . 
 i gave myself to her and she loved me no matter what i had done . 
 she loved me . 
 it 's over , and i know you 're dying for more . 
 do n't worry , the next book in the blank serial , blank : threads , will be hitting the stores february 20th , 2015 . 
 we 're all excited . 
 sign up for the author 's new releases mailing list and get a free copy of the jaxon jennings ' novel , frozen past and a bonus short story , the sandbar . 
 click here to get started and sign up . 
 cool stuff ! 
 if you just ca n't wait for the next blank novel , check out richard 's other exciting books here . 
 `` it 's 3:30 a.m. . 
 what are you dreaming ? '' 
 here is a preview of blank : threads - just in case you could n't wait . 
 blank : threads chapter 1 lincoln - 8 years later i soared . 
 the wind in my hair , my face to the sky , and my arms outstretched like a bird . 
 the familiar energy that propelled me through the atmosphere of this world pulsed along my entire body as i raced above the city of atlanta , the hustle and bustle of that massive metropolis laid out before me , stretching to the horizon . 
 i felt free . 
 for the moment . 
 i 'm that guy . 
 yep . 
 you 've heard of me . 
 the creepy guy who could do stuff with his mind . 
 this flying thing was one of them and if i wore a red cape and blue tights , i might be mistaken for superman . 
 except i do n't have a face . 
 superman would never be able to get lois lane if he did n't have a face . 
 i 'm just blank , the idiot who lived a tortured life , torn between what i feel is good and what i do n't . 
 do n't piss me off , you 'll probably regret it . 
 i 'm twenty-five and you would think that i have my whole life in front of me to enjoy this freedom and make the world a better place . 
 make good choices . 
 i 've heard that a million times . 
 my response was usually , `` shut up . '' 
 my whole life in front of me . 
 i tried not to think about it . 
 it depressed me . 
 so , what was i doing up there ? 
 my usual saturday thing . 
 searching . 
 for her . 
 time was running out . 
 hell , it had probably already expired . 
 but i kept at it , hoping that i would sense something of her . 
 some little bit of that light that had been my whole reason for existence . 
 the color in my world that i could not live without . 
 it had been eight years and if what i knew of my telepathy , the clock was ticking and the muscles atrophying in her head . 
 our connection was most likely stale as it was and i was probably wasting my time . 
 her voice might already be closed to me . 
 still , i searched . 
 it was the only thing that kept me going . 
 today , just like every saturday for the last eight years , i felt nothing . 
 she was gone from me . 
 i would never find her and maybe that was for the best . 
 she did n't deserve me . 
 i would ruin her even more than i already had . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 popped into my head , but i ignored it . 
 even two hundred miles away , i could hear that voice in my head . 
 the one i lived with every day now . 
 she knew i was searching for her , but she did n't care . 
 she knew i would never find her . 
 `` i know you hear me , '' the voice said . 
 `` atlanta , '' i said . 
 `` come home . '' 
 i turned south as the anger in me built . 
 i hated her in my head some days , but it was what it was . 
 with most people i could compartmentalize the telepathy in my head , shut it out if i wanted , hide from their probing if i did n't want to be seen . 
 but not with her . 
 sydney could penetrate whatever i put up , so i had given up hiding things from her a long time ago . 
 in some ways , it was very intimate . 
 in others , a living hell . 
 yes . 
 sydney and i were together . 
 we had been since that day eight years ago when my life ended . 
 she was all i really had left , and though i clung to her like some deflating life raft bobbing in this giant ocean of a world , mostly i hated myself for it and wished i would sink under the water and let the ocean wrap its cold arms around me and extinguish what little ember of life i had left . 
 and she knew it . 
 sydney and i had a love-hate relationship . 
 she loved me , i loved her , but we both hated ourselves for what we were . 
 me , because i had destroyed whatever happiness i had been entitled to with the darkness i could no longer control . 
 her , with the shame she felt for whatever wrongs she had done in the past to get her to this place . 
 so , we clung to each other , keeping each other afloat , waiting for the other to grow weary , tire and give in . 
 then maybe we would both drown together . 
 yes , i loved her , but she was n't avril . 
 i stepped from the sky and put my feet on the driveway to our little house in orange park . 
 sydney pushed the curtains aside , glancing out at me in the yard , sensing that i was back . 
 the little boy who lived next door to us , jason , clapped his hands together as i landed , and waved at me as he squinted into the setting sun . 
 he liked it when i flew . 
 he was four . 
 i had taken him up with me once , but his mother had freaked out and forbidden me to do it again . 
 too bad , the kid had been ecstatic . 
 i would never hurt him , but his mother did n't know that . 
 i ruffled his hair as i walked past him and he called my name . 
 `` blank . '' 
 i heard a soft whirring to my left and froze . 
 behind a hedge at the corner of my house , a bright spot of color could be seen through the bushes . 
 i shook my head . 
 this was happening more often lately and i did n't like it . 
 they would n't leave me alone . 
 i pointed a finger in the direction of the hedge and lifted the photographer up into the air as he cried out in surprise . 
 i pulled him to me and grasped the camera in my other hand . 
 `` do n't hurt me , '' he said . 
 i shook my head , setting him down on the ground in front of me , but holding him there in place with my energy as i found the memory card from the camera . 
 i pulled it out as sydney walked out of the house . 
 she glowed red with that yellow fringe simmering along its edge and her beauty still mesmerized me even though i was somewhat angry at her intrusion on my day of searching . 
 she moved next to me and crossed her arms in front of her , staring at the reporter . 
 i crushed the memory card in my fingers and handed the camera back to him , letting him free from my energy . 
 he took it from me , staring between sydney and me . 
 `` he says , ` show up here again , and it wo n't be just the memory card . ' 
 got that ? '' 
 sydney raised an eyebrow and gave him an angry look as she voiced my concerns . 
 the reporter nodded . 
 `` i was just doing my job . '' 
 `` do it somewhere else , '' she said , and waved her hand at him . 
 his pants unsnapped and fell to his ankles . 
 she smiled . 
 `` we do n't like reporters . '' 
 he gasped as he stood there in his underwear , jason giggling in the yard next door , chanting `` i see london , i see france ... '' the reporter bent , pulled his pants back up and scurried away . 
 he looked back over his shoulder twice before he made it to his car and raced off . 
 sydney glanced at me and then moved back into the house . 
 i followed . 
 when the door closed behind me , she turned and moved close , pressing her body against mine as she wrapped her arms around me . 
 she did this a lot on the saturdays i searched . 
 i know it 's what she needed after the slap in the face my hunt for avril provided her . 
 i was tired , the flying drained me , but she could still get me going . 
 she kissed my face , and then brushed her lips along the skin to my neck . 
 `` are you tired ? '' 
 she teased . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` too tired ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 she grabbed my hand and pulled me to the bedroom . 
 she needed this . 
 and maybe so did i . 
 our relationship was a strange one , that was for sure , but we were strange people in a normal world . 
 i gave in to her and let her pull me to the bed . 
 avril slipped from my mind like she always did at these moments and sydney was happy , if only for a little while . 
 such as it was . 
 chapter 2 the day job i sat in the car and read the paper . 
 mornings were always difficult for me . 
 i could n't seem to make myself become excited for the day . 
 no matter what was happening in it . 
 i was parked outside a mini-mart waiting on seth . 
 movement , a quick blur of shape and darkness , slipped into my periphery and i glanced up . 
 a teenage kid was running past the newspaper machines and made a beeline for the entrance to the store . 
 he was slipping on a knitted mask as his buddy did the same thing . 
 i shook my head . 
 these people never learned . 
 they were just stupid sometimes . 
 i sighed , put my paper down and stepped from the car as the store 's door shut behind them and the shouting started . 
 i guessed my shift was going to start a little early . 
 as i moved closer to the entrance , seth popped in my head . 
 `` you coming ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 yeah . 
 just two of them , right ? '' 
 `` kids . 
 i 'm in the back by the roller food . 
 i got the hardware if you need me . '' 
 he knew what was going to happen . 
 it was the reason we were partners . 
 he had been one of the only officers willing to connect with me and we became clay county 's most efficient -lrb- and violent -rrb- pair of detectives the sheriff 's department had . 
 it should be something i was proud of , but to tell the truth , it was just a job . 
 i pulled the door open to the two kids at the register counter shoving a paper bag at the clerk , demanding he put the cash in it as the kid pointed a gun that looked way too big for his hand . 
 he turned toward me as he felt me enter . 
 he cursed . 
 there was no mask on my face this morning . 
 no makeup . 
 only the blankness that was me . 
 a little older , a little wiser , a little bigger , but still the guy with no face . 
 and these kids knew who i was . 
 `` shit ! 
 not you , '' the kid with the gun said as i stood just inside the door , my feet set wide apart and my body leaning forward at the hips . 
 my name and face -lrb- or lack of it -rrb- was starting to get around on the street and that was fine with me . 
 it made my job easier at times . 
 others , it did not . 
 the two kids turned fully to me and now the second one had a gun out too and they both pointed the barrels at my chest . 
 then my face , then my feet , then back at my chest . 
 they were shaking and could n't keep the gun in one place . 
 this was usually bad . 
 who knew when one of them might squeeze the trigger as their muscles involuntarily spasmed . 
 seth spoke from the back of the store . 
 `` yes . 
 him , '' he said . 
 `` now freeze , drop the weapons and he does n't hurt you . '' 
 the first kid jumped at the sound of seth 's voice and i flinched , thinking the gun was going to go off . 
 i reacted , a reflex , and energy spewed out of me in all directions as my mind took over , thinking a bullet was headed my way . 
 it was powerful . 
 it had to be to deflect a bullet . 
 and unnecessary . 
 oh well . 
 too late now . 
 seth ducked but it still hit him as the kids were flung backward along with the clerk , the shelves , and every kind of candy and snack food you could think of . 
 the shockwave radiated outward from me in an arc that encompassed all things and all people directly in front of me . 
 it was so strong , the recoil pushed me back against the glass door and it cracked from my impact . 
 i winced . 
 the two masked kids ended up on top of each other at the back of the store , unmoving . 
 seth stood up from within a pile of potato chip bags and shook peanuts and aspirin from his body . 
 the place was a wreck . 
 `` that was a little premature , '' he said , grinning . 
 `` sorry , '' i said . 
 `` it was a reflex . '' 
 `` damn right , '' seth said , stepping over an overturned cooler and moving to the kids . 
 i moved with him and we cuffed the two masked guys and seth read them their rights as they tried to gain their bearings again . 
 i went to the clerk and made sure he was okay . 
 he ended up being the owner and he was not happy . 
 `` you wreck my store . 
 you ruin my business . 
 i no need your help . '' 
 `` too bad , pal , '' seth said . 
 `` it comes with the territory . '' 
 `` i call police . 
 you destruct my shop . 
 i call police . '' 
 `` we are the police . '' 
 he flashed the guy his badge . 
 i guess he did n't understand who we were when we were handcuffing the kids . 
 he grew angrier . 
 `` i call your boss ! 
 you clean up . 
 i lose money . 
 more money than they take . 
 you are bad police . '' 
 `` whatever , '' seth said and hauled one kid up and then the other . 
 i went over and helped him with the second kid and we pushed them in front of us to the car . 
 `` some people just do n't appreciate the fact that this was extra-curricular work for us , '' seth said . 
 `` we are n't even on the clock yet . '' 
 `` we 're always on the clock , remember ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` yeah , whatever . '' 
 seth white was a big guy , easy going and a bit of a smart-ass . 
 taller than i was by four inches and definitely a looker , he was the front man of our little duo and did all the smooth talking , since it was just easier than me pulling out my cell phone and typing into the screen . 
 his aura was this cool metallic blue with flecks of orange in it that sometimes reminded me of a jello fruit salad . 
 weird , i know , but it was just the way he was . 
 his confidence level was beyond `` a '' type , and his moves with the ladies legendary within the small community that was the clay county sheriff 's department . 
 he was not married , of course , and probably never would be . 
 he had hit on sydney more than once , but that did n't bother me . 
 she had eyes only for me and his antics only made him seem foolish in front of her . 
 i think that 's why he kept trying . 
 she had been the only one in his whole life who had not swooned at his feet . 
 seth got on the radio and called a black and white -lrb- in clay county they were green and white -rrb- and we waited for it with the kids in the back of our car . 
 normally we would bring them in ourselves , but we had a date with a drug dealer this morning and did n't have time . 
 the green and white was not happy when he pulled up and saw the mess inside . 
 the owner was now screaming at him and his partner in arabic . 
 `` thanks , guys , '' the patrolman said as we handed the kids over to him . 
 `` you can handle it , '' seth said as he opened the passenger door and i climbed into the driver 's seat . 
 i started the car and seth cursed . 
 `` i never got my coffee . 
 shit . '' 
 `` you 'll survive . '' 
 `` pull through a drive-thru . 
 i ca n't survive without caffeine . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i liked to watch people 's expressions anyway when they saw me in day to day situations . 
 i 'm sure whoever was at the drive-thru window would probably drop the coffee . 
 seth yelled his order across me into the speaker and we pulled around . 
 as i rolled down the window , the smiling girl hanging out of the drive-thru did just what i predicted . 
 the cup of coffee kind of sagged in her fingers and then fell to the pavement next to the car . 
 she lurched back inside and slammed the window shut . 
 i had been exaggerating about expecting her to drop it , but here we were , waiting , coffee on the ground . 
 seth leaned across me and waved at the frightened girl . 
 `` hey ! 
 my coffee ! 
 come on ! '' 
 i stuck my hand out of the window and used a little of my power to levitate the styrofoam cup off the ground and float it in front of the window . 
 i waggled it at her and she screamed and disappeared somewhere into the back of the restaurant . 
 i was laughing my ass off . 
 `` i knew i should have driven , '' seth said . 
 `` do you have to do that ? '' 
 i banged the cup against the glass with my telekinesis , but it only made soft rubbing sounds and that was not attracting enough attention , so i opened the window with my power and seth started yelling inside . 
 `` hello ! 
 coffee ? 
 anyone ? 
 i need my coffee ! '' 
 a guy approached cautiously , the manager , and glanced back and forth between the two of us , but did n't move any closer . 
 `` you 're scaring my employees , '' he said . 
 `` if you continue , i 'll call the police . '' 
 `` we are the police , '' seth said and hung his head . 
 `` jeez , people . 
 come on . 
 have n't you ever seen a guy with no face ? '' 
 this was a joke between us and he smiled at the manager . 
 `` no , i have n't . 
 do you have i.d. ? '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 seth asked . 
 seth flashed his badge and i floated mine up in front of him . 
 as it hovered over of his face , he turned white , but did n't move . 
 `` coffee ? '' 
 seth asked again and i waggled the hovering cup more and then tapped it into the manager 's face . 
 twice . 
 he flinched and reached up slowly , grabbing the cup . 
 he disappeared into the restaurant . 
 `` can you believe some people ? '' 
 seth said to me , this running gag a thing we could n't seem to get enough of . 
 `` he 's nervous . 
 give him a chance , '' i said . 
 `` he 's trying . '' 
 the first girl peaked around some machine by the counter and stared at us . 
 i waved and she squeaked , backing up behind the machine again . 
 seth laughed . 
 `` this job is never dull with you around , '' seth said . 
 i shrugged . 
 the manager produced seth 's coffee and he paid . 
 we drove off , but i could see the manager leaning out of the window watching us go . 
 i flung some energy his way and watched his hair stand on end . 
 he pulled himself back inside quickly . 
 i chuckled . 
 sometimes i still had a little fun . 
 people were so predictable . 
 we drove to my old neighborhood , the place looking even less respectable some eight years since i left it , and pulled up to a house with a mercedes parked in the driveway . 
 drug dealers were stupid . 
 especially this one . 
 the house was three down from avril 's old place and i stared at it as memories flooded in . 
 seth grew quiet next to me and glanced that way too . 
 `` let her go , man , '' he said , quietly . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 he turned to me and scowled . 
 `` all right . 
 you 're pissed now . 
 good . 
 it will help . 
 ready ? '' 
 i nodded , but avril was still on my mind . 
 he had no clue what it was like to have the one thing in your life you were meant for , and then drive it away in one fell swoop because you were too stupid to hold on to it . 
 i could n't let it go . 
 i never would . 
 avril meant nothing to him , and everything to me . 
 we stepped from the car into the bright morning sunlight and seth shielded his eyes with his hand as we looked things over . 
 the house contained an occupant well known to us . 
 one alfonso smith , a.k.a. . 
 the purple man , and we had a running thing with him . 
 he tried to run from us , and we usually caught him and threw him in jail . 
 too bad nothing seemed to stick to him . 
 it was getting tiresome for us , and we finally felt we had the goods on him to put him away for a long time . 
 murder usually succeeded in that manner and the purple man had murdered someone . 
 namely , one of his competitors . 
 at least that 's what ballistics had said along with dna analysis of some skin found under the victim 's fingernails . 
 we had him and knew it . 
 i looked across the roof of the car to seth and he nodded . 
 i lifted off the ground and floated over the roof of the house to the backyard . 
 he watched , shaking his head and grinning . 
 `` that has got to be the coolest thing ever , '' he said to himself , but i answered anyway . 
 `` pay attention . 
 do n't let him get the jump on us . '' 
 `` yes , superman . '' 
 he went to the front door and did the thing that most people do at front doors . 
 he knocked . 
 i waited . 
 it would only take a few seconds . 
 alfonso smith shot out of the back door on the run and bolted through the yard to a gate in the far corner . 
 i swooped from above him and sent a pulse out to him , lifting him off the ground . 
 he cried out in surprise as his arms flailed wildly for something to grab hold of . 
 `` got him , '' i said to seth and he made his way to the back yard . 
 `` that was predictable . '' 
 `` they always react the way we expect . 
 you should know that by now . '' 
 a flash of red jumped into my periphery as alfonso squirmed on the ground , the telekinesis holding down . 
 seth had n't seen it as he rounded the corner of the house after passing through the gate . 
 i turned and saw a woman running from the back of the house , a gun outstretched in her hand and a grimace on her face . 
 `` seth ! 
 look out ! '' 
 she saw him and turned the gun toward him , still running . 
 she fired and seth dived to the ground , the bullet missing high . 
 she started screaming . 
 `` assholes ! 
 leave my man alone ! 
 alfonso ! '' 
 i was still floating above the yard and she had n't seen me . 
 the gun was tracking toward seth on the ground and she was going to fire again . 
 i turned to her and let alfonso go , knowing i would need everything to stop her . 
 i flung energy at her as the gun went off and the bullet whacked into a tree behind me as she was thrown backward against the house . 
 i had n't noticed at the time , i had been too busy with alfonso , but the exterior of the house in the back had strange ornamental spikes built into each cinder block of the construction and the woman slammed into them and was impaled . 
 she screeched , a horrible painful sound , and then sagged , the gun dropping from her hand and clattering to the concrete porch . 
 she hung there on the wall , dead in a matter of seconds . 
 seth stood and lurched toward her , thinking he could help , but then stopped when he knew she was dead . 
 i hovered there in shock , a moment of horrible deja vu sinking into my system , and then i turned to where alfonso had been . 
 he was gone . 
 seth looked up at me . 
 `` well -- shit . '' 
 acknowledgements the idea for blank came to me on a day when i was thinking of many other things . 
 and i 've found over the years that a good many of my stories start out that way ; thoughts on something else as some epiphany hits me . 
 it 's always a liberating and exciting moment . 
 as with my other novels , the idea grew as i set about creating lincoln , his unusual appearance and many strengths , made him an ideal character , and i can honestly say that he is one of my most interesting . 
 he lives and breathes in my mind every day -lrb- though he does n't eat like me -rrb- . 
 special thanks are in order to david tyson . 
 he was the one who intruded on my thoughts that day , injecting a thread of thinking by suggesting the most simplistic cover for a novel i had ever considered , or even seen . 
 i owe him a debt of gratitude for the creation of blank . 
 he got the wheels spinning in there and once they were greased up and moving , there was no stopping them . 
 midget magic baby ! 
 my readers are a great bunch of folks who keep me on the path . 
 without their insight and gentle nudging , the end result of my crazy imagination would be chaos and madness . 
 thank you for all you do . 
 i can never repay it . 
 finally , thank you to the love of my life , who spends every day with my chaotic mind , bringing me back down to earth when the world threatens to pull me away . 
 paula , you are my world and my light . 
 more than love . 
 about the author richard c hale has worn many hats in his lifetime including greens keeper , bartender , musician , respiratory therapist , and veteran air traffic controller . 
 you can usually find him controlling air traffic over the skies of the southeastern u.s. where he lives with his wife and children . 
 drop by his website and give him a shout . 
 he 'd love to hear from you . 
 http://www.richardchaleauthor.com email to mailto:richard@richardchaleauthor.com 
