 the phone rang in the middle of my shower by : shelton ranasinghe this is work of fiction . 
 all of the characters , organizations , and events portrayed in this book are either products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 isbn : 9780989276337 copyright © 2011 , by shelton ranasinghe 2665 devon hill road , rocky river , ohio 44116 , usa sr2665@gmail.com smashwords edition discover the other titles by shelton ranasinghe at smashwords.com buddha impetus to primitive psyche heaven at seti 's door step self -- a delusion ? 
 published in united states of america all rights reserved . 
 this book , or parts thereof , may not be reproduced in any form without permission from the author . 
 ~ ~ ~ the phone rang in the middle of my shower the phone started ringing in the middle of my shower . 
 why does the phone always ring when i 'm in the bathroom ? 
 when i was a teenager , i imagined those calls were from the girls i have dreamt of wanting to be called by . 
 that era is long past . 
 my guesses on the callers have been always poor . 
 i hate the calls from telemarketers . 
 they talk as they are more worried about my welfare than of their survival . 
 i go crazy and my blood pressure peaks every time i hear their voices . 
 my smart phone was n't smart enough to understand what was going on in my mind . 
 it continued torturing me with the `` new ring tone '' that i selected this morning . 
 in a flash i realized that it must be from chris , to talk about our trip to the grand canyon planned for the next day . 
 i jumped out of the shower partially covered in soap and grabbed the `` smartee '' . 
 unbelievable ! 
 it was another blood pressure peaking moment in my day . 
 `` prepaid discount offer for funeral services , '' ... bummer ! 
 `` do they want to kick me out of this world ? 
 oh ! 
 good heavens , give me a break ! 
 i am only 32 , '' i shouted and was swearing inside my head . 
 hope i did n't damage the phone when i threw it back to my desk . 
 rushing out of the shower had shifted the inner shower curtain out of the bathtub . 
 the scene i saw added more fuel to the fire in me . 
 the bathroom was flooded from the still running shower i forgot to shut off . 
 after cleaning the mess , i was back under the shower , still cursing and firing zillions of hyperactive anger spines to imaginary targets . 
 strangely , some of the philosophical self-help stuff that i tell others , but do n't usually practice , came to my mind . 
 for the very first time that helped to calm me down . 
 a few minutes later , watching tv , i thought of calling dan as i did n't hear from him after the last drinking session we had with the lame excuse of planning our trip . 
 i pressed the buttons on my phone hoping he was n't in the bathroom . 
 he answered the phone with his usual `` hello ! '' 
 and `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` hello ! 
 i believe we 're all set for tomorrow , '' i replied . 
 `` of course ; at what time will you pick me up ? '' 
 `` hey ! 
 i wo n't be able to pick you up at 10 as you planned . 
 i have an important meeting at 10 . 
 my boss told me about it only yesterday . 
 so sorry , '' `` is it a must , to go ? '' 
 his changed tone had a hint of disappointment . 
 `` dan , you know how important brown nosing in the work place is these days , right ! 
 this is one of those . 
 sorry , i need to attend as i need to keep my job . 
 hope it will be over by 11 as the idiot who usually keeps dragging these meetings on , is on vacation . 
 i 'll be taking all my bags with me . 
 so i will shoot to chris ' place straight after ; pick up chris , aini and the kid and i should be at your place by 11.20 . '' 
 `` ok . 
 the earlier the better as i do n't want to miss my plans at monument valley . 
 getting those pictures with the sun setting is my dream , tony . '' 
 `` do n't worry about that . 
 you know my driving skills ; right ! '' 
 `` that 's what worries me the most ! '' 
 `` hey . 
 trust me . 
 bye ! '' 
 i needed to make sure chris and the family would be ready by 11am or so . 
 chris 's wife aini is a habitually late person . 
 i excuse her because of sara , her cute 4 year old daughter who calls me `` uncle tony '' . 
 i hate when people are late . 
 i rang chris 's number as i thought they could be at home by then from work . 
 i knew someone picked up the phone . 
 it 's sara who picks up the phone usually and says `` hello '' with her sweet voice . 
 i said `` hello ! '' 
 following that i heard a loud noise . 
 it was obvious that the noise was from the phone hitting the floor . 
 `` give it to me sara , '' i heard aini 's voice say . 
 some more tumbling noises followed . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 answered aini . 
 `` hi ! 
 aini this is tony . 
 how are you ? 
 just called to check whether you made my favorite tiramisu for tomorrow 's trip ? '' 
 `` no way tony ! 
 we decided not to make tiramisu this time because of your diabetes problem . '' 
 `` ah ! '' 
 `` i am joking tony , i know you will get a heart attack if i do n't . '' 
 `` thank goodness , '' i was relieved . 
 `` just a minute , chris is on his way . '' 
 i heard the steps of chris reaching to the phone after aini asked sara to call for dad . 
 `` hey my friend , what 's up ? 
 what time is the kick off tomorrow ? '' 
 asked chris . 
 `` i have to go to work at 10am and i will be at your place around 10.30 am . 
 is it ok for you ? '' 
 i had to give them an earlier time knowing they have n't been punctual in the past . 
 in the back of my mind i would be happy if they could make it even by 11am . 
 `` sure . 
 hey tony , can you wake us up ? '' 
 chris joked to make me hyper . 
 `` hey , chris , no joke ; be ready by that time , ok ? 
 dan is very keen to take his panoramic pictures at monument valley before sunset . 
 he will kill us if we do n't get there before sunset . 
 so , we need to leave by that time . 
 ok ? '' 
 `` no problem sir ; sara wants to say hello to you . '' 
 `` hello ! 
 uncle tony . '' 
 `` hello , how are you ? 
 did mommy tell you about the trip tomorrow ? 
 are you excited ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 bye ! 
 bye ! '' 
 she hung up the phone . 
 i took my gps and loaded all the stopover addresses including the first stop at the bert lodge in monument valley . 
 my suv had just received a long overdue vacuuming , it deserved . 
 i took it to the nearby gas station to fill up the tank . 
 crossed the road from the gas station to walgreens and bought some over-the-counter medicines , a tooth brush and some other things that i thought might be useful . 
 as i was about to reach the cashier i saw those lovely chocolates gleaming at me . 
 that reminded me of sara . 
 i added some of those into my shopping bag and a tiny fluffy doll with cute eyes for sara . 
 sara has a special affection for me while chris and aini always treated me like a family member . 
 chris was my roommate in college . 
 chris met aini in graduate school and i have known them for over 12 years . 
 i helped the parents from both parties come to common ground over their marriage , mending the friction due to aini being a muslim and chris being a christian . 
 aini and chris are rational thinkers ; `` lovey-dovey '' couple well matched and well understanding each other . 
 dan and i have been friends from a very tender age . 
 dan 's parents and my parents have been very good friends and neighbors for a long time . 
 by the end of the day , before i opened the refrigerator for the third beer i was pretty convinced that i had packed all i wanted . 
 i printed out the hotel confirmation e-mails as hard copies become handy at times . 
 i took some time to go to sleep ; maybe due to the excitement of the five day trip . 
 the next day , i made sure everything was in the suv , before i headed to the office . 
 i guessed the spare space in the trunk was sufficient for the others ' luggage . 
 dan called me around 9 am to re-emphasize the importance of leaving early . 
 the meeting started at 10 am but it was still going on when i looked at my watch at 11.09 am . 
 already late on the planned departure time of 11.05 am to chris 's place , i excused myself and left the meeting at 11.20 am . 
 with the half-finished latte i forgot to drink in my hand , i got into my suv and headed to chris 's place . 
 when i saw cute sara in the swing at the front of their house , still in her briefs , i was positive we were getting late further . 
 my annoyance vanished instantly when sara ran towards me and said `` hi ! 
 uncle tony , what did you bring for me ? '' 
 the usual few words she mastered to say fluently when she was n't even two . 
 i did n't say anything . 
 cuddling her i walked towards their front entrance . 
 one by one , she pulled out the chocolates and the fluffy doll from my pockets and like on any other day , was looking for more . 
 i popped open the door and saw their packed bags in the living room . 
 `` good , they must be ready , '' i thought . 
 sara jumped out of my hands and ran towards their bedroom . 
 half the chocolate was gone by then . 
 i heard aini asking sara whether she thanked me for the chocolates . 
 `` yes , i did last time , '' was her cheeky answer . 
 `` i am here , can i put your bags in the suv , '' i shouted so that they could hear from their bedroom . 
 `` yesss ! '' 
 was chris 's answer that came from the kitchen area . 
 i carried their three bags one at a time to the vehicle as they were damned heavy . 
 when i came to get the 2nd bag i heard aini commanding sara to brush her teeth . 
 i assumed aini was ready . 
 chris came from the kitchen and he was ready . 
 he said `` hello ! '' 
 to me and walked behind me when i was carrying the 3rd bag . 
 he realized we were late as i pointed my finger to my wristwatch . 
 i realized there was just enough space in the trunk for dan 's bag . 
 it was almost 11.45 am when my phone rang . 
 it was dan checking on what was going on . 
 i gave the phone to chris as soon as i heard his voice . 
 chris assured him we will get going in two minutes . 
 as chris hurriedly walked into the house i saw a sparrow flying into the house . 
 chris did n't see it . 
 as i went in , i saw the bird flying all over the living room . 
 i kept the front door wide open with the help of the flower pot nearby and tried to chase the bird out . 
 chris joined me as he saw me running around the living room waving my hands and making various sounds . 
 it landed on the fan . 
 chris turned on the fan to make it move again . 
 the bird did a full circle and fatefully hit the fan that was turning at full speed by then . 
 the dead bird was on the floor staining their carpet with blood . 
 chris was quick to carry it out by its leg and threw it behind the shrub . 
 when chris came back to the house he signaled me with his hand and facial expressions not to utter a word about it to aini , as she could over react to such happenings . 
 chris removed the blood stain with some detergent while looking around to see whether aini would see what he was doing . 
 luckily she was still busy dressing up sara . 
 by the time all of us got into the vehicle it was 11.55 am . 
 `` we are sorry tony , '' aini said when she was getting into the suv . 
 she had a few small bags in her hand . 
 i was curious to know whether she brought the tiramisu ; so i had to ask the question . 
 she said `` yes . '' 
 i thought that was a sweet answer . 
 dan was on the curb with his bag when we reached his house . 
 i was surprised to see him carrying his pet lily . 
 lily is a miniature dachshund , always feisty and hyper-active . 
 i was n't aware dan was bringing lily . 
 i know it would be an additional headache . 
 i was n't sure whether all the places we booked would accommodate pets . 
 i stopped the suv so that he was close to the trunk ; and pressed the button on the control panel to open the trunk . 
 dan did n't take even a second to throw his stuff in and he closed the trunk with a thud . 
 lily saw us and started wagging her tail furiously with excitement . 
 `` thanks very much for coming so early , '' was dan 's greeting as he hopped into the front passenger seat . 
 my eye signal requested him to direct the complaint to the passengers in the rear seats as i did n't want to take the blame . 
 while giving chris a hard look mixed with a smile , dan passed lily over to sara as she adores lily . 
 `` thank you uncle dan , '' sara said . 
 dan expected chris to say something . 
 but aini replied first and said , `` sorry dan . 
 you will understand when you have a kid . '' 
 chris joined aini and said sorry . 
 forgetting i was n't supposed to talk about it , i casually said `` all this was because of the sparrow that flew into their house . '' 
 i realized i had made an irrecoverable mistake when chris made a `` shhh '' sound . 
 dan and aini both exclaimed `` what ? '' 
 at the same time . 
 there was no way of hiding the incident as both of them realized there was something fishy . 
 they insisted on knowing what happened . 
 chris said , `` ok ! 
 a bird flew into our house just before we left and was flying all over the living room . 
 tony helped me chase it out . 
 it took more time than we expected as the devil wanted to remain inside . 
 if it was on another day i would have left it in the house . 
 not on a day when we 're going to be away for 5 days . 
 that 's it . 
 are you happy now ? '' 
 `` do you know , a bird coming to your house is a sign of death , '' said dan . 
 `` is that true ? 
 where did you read that , dan ? '' 
 aini was concerned and chris was silent . 
 `` bs ! 
 maybe a sign of death to the bird by going into a house , '' i said without thinking much . 
 chris definitely did n't want to hear what i said . 
 i regretted saying that . 
 `` can we stop this stupid talk and talk about something good , '' chris demanded . 
 i swore to myself to be extra careful before i open my mouth . 
 `` we can talk about beer and jack daniels , '' i joked as i still could n't keep my mouth shut . 
 `` not now , '' said aini , partly to calm us down . 
 though dan is an exceptionally good person in most areas , when it comes to the aspect of superstitions he is at an extreme end . 
 just the opposite of my thinking on paranormal and superstitious views ; he believes in all the stupid garbage . 
 dan talks about energies , afterlife , spirits , karma , psychic abilities and many more things quite seriously as if he has had firsthand experiences on those things . 
 i 've always had arguments with him , sometimes ending with bad feelings . 
 but our friendship is always rock solid . 
 we were certain our strong bond could n't be destroyed by silly arguments . 
 his father was a christian , and mother , a buddhist . 
 dan is a strong buddhist with an open mind and had a strong respect for all the other religions . 
 the four of us have discussions of our religious viewpoints very openly . 
 many dinners and parties have ended with discussion on politics , religions or world affairs . 
 we are comfortable talking about religions , though our voices on different viewpoints always gather momentum with the quantum of spirit intake ; the liquid kind . 
 knowing dan will be disappointed if we are late to reach monument valley , most of the time my foot on the accelerator was right at the bottom . 
 i was on the lookout for potential traffic cops , as i knew if i get caught for speeding that could cause further delay . 
 i looked at the dial and realized i was touching 90 miles per hour ; that was 25 miles over the speed limit . 
 i slowed down to 80 . 
 various sounds sara made playing with lily drew our continual attention . 
 aini 's occasional bursts of yelling kept both lily and sara under control . 
 `` dan , did you check whether our lodge allows pets ? '' 
 i inquired . 
 `` yes all under control except at one place on our return journey . '' 
 as it was 2.30 pm we thought of having a break . 
 we drove to a mcdonalds at the next exit after a collective decision . 
 as soon as we got out from the vehicle , dan realized lily was looking to relieve herself . 
 as i had the same urge i rushed to the men 's . 
 aini whispered to me not to buy any chocolates for sara . 
 as if she had a sixth sense or whatever it was , a micro second later sara was asking me exactly that . 
 i ignored her persistent plea . 
 chris paid the bill for us . 
 i could n't resist asking for a piece of tiramisu from aini . 
 i managed to force her to give me a piece , though she resisted a few times by saying it was meant for after dinner . 
 i knew i was behaving like a child but thought it was well worth the effort . 
 i took the opportunity to fill the gas tank and assured dan that he would be able to take the photographs as planned . 
 we were back on the road by 2.50 pm partly because of dan 's insistence on not wasting time . 
 dan started trivia questions to have some fun . 
 his first one was `` johnny 's mother had three children . 
 the first child was named april . 
 the second child was named may . 
 what was the third child 's name ? '' 
 aini and i said it could be june '' . 
 `` it has to be obviously johnny , '' dan said and was thrilled as we were wrong . 
 we were embarrassed but were determined to get the next one right . 
 `` fire-up , dan , '' i said . 
 `` what word in the english language is always spelled incorrectly ? '' 
 all of us could n't get that correctly either . 
 dan as a wizard said the answer is `` incorrectly . '' 
 after a burst of laughter mixed with disappointment by the three of us , dan asked the next question . 
 `` if you were running a race , and you passed the person in 2nd place , what place would you be in now ? '' 
 i got it right . 
 dan continued as he was the genius of the lot . 
 `` if a farmer has 5 haystacks in one field and 4 haystacks in the other field , how many haystacks would he have if he combined them all in another field ? '' 
 aini got it right by saying `` one big stack . '' 
 chris , who was the real genius in the suv with phds in physics and math , was silent . 
 he probably knew all the correct answers . 
 the fun changed after we realized traffic was slowing down . 
 about a quarter mile away , we saw a series of blue and red lights flashing ; probably due as a result of an accident . 
 after a few minutes of moving at a crawl , we passed the place where the police cars were , and saw the bloody carcass of a moose . 
 we assumed there were no other fatalities . 
 sara 's bombardment of questions kept chris and aini fully occupied . 
 once we moved past the accident spot the traffic was back to normal and thinned out pretty quickly . 
 i was able to get back to my original speed . 
 i paid more attention to the road signs and saw many cautioning signs for deer crossings . 
 i wondered why i did n't see those signs before i saw the accident . 
 chris reached for his bag at the rear and managed to get it over to his lap . 
 he pulled out a cd and gave it to dan . 
 dan inserted it into the cd player . 
 the first composition was an instrumental piece and it was really soothing . 
 i had n't heard it before . 
 all of us agreed that it was a nice cd after we heard the 4th or 5th song . 
 chris gave a detailed narration of the cd , but i could n't concentrate much on it as i was driving very cautiously on the winding stretch of road . 
 the precipice down the hilly terrain was scary . 
 when dan started groaning in a particular rhythm , i looked at him . 
 he was fast asleep . 
 looking through the rear view mirror i realized chris , aini , sara and lily were fast asleep as well . 
 dan kept me awake with his groaning sound that doubled in intensity every 5 minutes . 
 when the sound reached a particular peak , he woke up , looked around and went back to sleep . 
 he kept-on repeating the rhythm every 10 minutes . 
 once when he woke up i looked at him to get his attention , but he ignored me completely as if i was a stranger . 
 what a good friend ! 
 i thought to myself . 
 the cd came to an end . 
 i looked back at chris as he tapped my right shoulder . 
 he indicated by sign language that he would take over the driving . 
 as it was almost into the 6th hour from the start , i really did n't mind acceding to his request . 
 i took the next exit with resting facilities . 
 all of us got down from the vehicle and walked into the restaurant stretching ourselves out along the way . 
 while i was ordering my espresso shot , sara tapped my back asking me to buy her a chocolate by pointing to the ones at the counter . 
 i picked one from the counter and before placing it in her little hand , i told her not to show it to her mommy . 
 when i looked back after a minute it was already gone . 
 the stopover was very brief and we were back on track . 
 chris was cruising around 75 miles per hour as that was enough to pass the slow moving cars and trucks . 
 dan would have liked chris to cruise at a higher speed , but i was happy with chris 's choice of speed . 
 i got a chance to play with sara and lily as i was in the rear window seat now . 
 lily who had a distinctive personality ignored me and favored sara . 
 suddenly we saw a deer crossing at the right side of the road . 
 the huge car carrier trailer that was coming from the opposite side tooted its horn . 
 the sound was scary , loud and disturbing . 
 the deer turned to our side of the road ; saw our suv and ran back to the on-coming trailer . 
 the things that happened in the next few seconds are impossible to explain . 
 i remember chris stomping on the brakes , the big ` bam ! ' 
 and the trailer that we saw on the other side of the road launching our suv into the air ; past the steep precipice . 
 i also remember the huge first leap over the cliff ; the free fall of at least 75 feet with all of us strapped by the seat belts . 
 we were completely freaked out and yelled in utter desperation . 
 the thundering fall disintegrated the suv into pieces . 
 my side hit the rock first . 
 ~ ~ ~ when i regained consciousness , i realized i was looking down a precipice filled with jagged rock . 
 i could see smoke rising from a spot far down below . 
 i recognized my suv which was in flames and burning furiously . 
 then one by one i saw the bodies of dan , chris , aini and sara . 
 their bodies were scattered at different heights on the hilly terrain . 
 i thought it was due to the disintegration of the suv while rolling down . 
 all the bodies were stained with blood . 
 none of them were moving and seemed dead . 
 looking further i saw my body with a bad head injury . 
 it was the closest to where i was . 
 i wondered why i missed seeing it earlier . 
 seeing my dead body had mixed reactions in me . 
 all reactions raced through me and i could n't grab one . 
 it was confusion first but it raised the question , who am i ? 
 i realized i was floating up in the air . 
 i was n't in my usual clothes . 
 i had an attire of a silvery grey color , covering me entirely from the neck downwards . 
 `` what the hell is this ? 
 who put this dress on me ? 
 what am i doing here ? '' 
 countless questions swamped my mind . 
 since i was up floating in the air , at least 300 ft from the ground , i could see what was happening down below . 
 though i was alone , i could feel something around me . 
 i realized i was in a transparent space capsule . 
 i thought it was a blimp at first ; but then i realized the shape was n't anything like that of a blimp . 
 the exact shape of it can not be explained as it had no shape . 
 it was changing its shape like a huge soap bubble that flexed inwards and outwards . 
 the surface seemed to be 100 % transparent and it was completely hollow with only me in it . 
 surprisingly , the moment i thought of sitting , a part of the bottom surface of this `` flexi-bubble '' supported my sitting posture . 
 the formation of the seat happened quickly . 
 i wondered whether it was humbly responding to my thoughts . 
 though a seat was n't necessary as i was levitating on zero gravity like an astronaut in space , i preferred the seated position . 
 i kept looking down to see what else i could see . 
 i could clearly see my dead body down below . 
 half of my skull and part of the brain was missing . 
 a sudden brain wave made me realize who i was . 
 i must be the soul or the spirit separated from my body . 
 i could n't believe why i 'm experiencing this new form of life as i was an ardent nonbeliever of life after death in any form . 
 i have been a follower of science all my life and my beliefs were reinforced by well proven scientific facts and logic . 
 i always thought life after death , existence of souls and similar paranormal ideas were utter nonsense and imagination of the human psyche influenced by religions and primitive superstitious ideas . 
 in fact i was a firm believer of end of life when the brain ends . 
 `` shattering all that i thought was right , here i 'm , out of my body , thinking and seeing things in a new realm . 
 this is real . 
 this seems to be true evidence of the existence of consciousness or soul out of a physical body . 
 this is shocking to me but i need to get through this adventure to see what is ahead . '' 
 i raised my hands to touch my head in a bid to examine more of the `` new me '' . 
 i realized i still had my hands . 
 but i could n't see them as my hands were concealed under the dress i was wearing . 
 i could n't see any of my body parts as all were covered under the huge dress i had . 
 it was like a robe with no arms . 
 i could n't see my legs either . 
 but i could move . 
 this description of me could make you imagine a ghost in a cartoon movie . 
 if you imagined so , really you are not far out . 
 my appearance was something like that , but i did n't have a mirror to confirm it . 
 i did n't have any scary thoughts , though i should have had some . 
 by feeling my head with my hands i knew i had my face with my nose , mouth and ears . 
 i definitely had my eyes as i could see all those things down below . 
 i did n't think my head was flesh and blood any more . 
 it may sound strange but i could n't guess what it was made of . 
 very different to my usual panic behavior in less grave situations , my mental composure was a state of tranquility . 
 i was n't upset or worried about what really happened or what i saw , due to the serene , relaxed mood i was in . 
 surprisingly , i realized that i could remember almost everything in my life . 
 that meant i had not lost my memory . 
 despite the calmness i was overwhelmed with countless unanswered questions . 
 i was trying to understand the situation i was in . 
 suddenly , the light intensity of the flexi-bubble changed . 
 i saw a glow to my right . 
 when i turned my head in that direction , i saw something popping into the flexi-bubble . 
 oh my god ! 
 it was lily . 
 i was pretty sure lily was n't there a moment ago . 
 lily was in a similar dress like mine . 
 doggy dress ! 
 she started yelping at me hysterically . 
 probably because of my ghostly dress . 
 as soon as i said `` lily '' , lily calmed down and came towards me . 
 calling lily was the first word i spoke after the terrible accident . 
 so i knew i could talk . 
 i saw lily 's wagging tail under her dress . 
 i touched her head and petted her until she became calm and collected . 
 when i touched her head i realized the texture of her head was different . 
 it may be because my hand was covered with the fabric . 
 frankly , i was n't sure why . 
 the feeling was surely different . 
 now i am pretty sure lily too had died and it was her soul . 
 lily was looking down curiously and barked intermittently . 
 she probably could n't understand why everything far below looked so tiny . 
 i too directed my eyes down below to see what was going on . 
 i realized that there were four police cars with flashing lights at the point where we got pushed out of the road . 
 the policemen were busy . 
 a few people were out of their cars and were leaning against the side guards staring down below . 
 i do n't think they could see much from there as it was a straight drop . 
 the traffic was building up . 
 the trailer with the load of cars was right across the road preventing any traffic movement either way . 
 the crooked trailer front was almost at the edge of the cliff . 
 i saw the long black colored tier marks along the road . 
 that explained part of the story . 
 the deer that caused the accident eventually had managed to cross the road and was among the other deer . 
 i felt happy when i realized she was heavily pregnant and probably carrying more than one . 
 the front of the trailer was badly damaged and the driver was safe . 
 i was n't sure why i did n't see any of these things previously . 
 the light intensity of the flexi-bubble changed again with a white glow to my left side . 
 it was chris who popped right in this time . 
 he was in a similar dress like mine . 
 i said `` chris ! '' 
 lily barked at him at the same time . 
 he did n't say anything for a few minutes as he was groggy . 
 he kept on looking at me . 
 i felt like a stranger and was scared for a moment . 
 it maybe because of my dress and lily 's dress , i thought . 
 he looked around the capsule with a shocked look on his face . 
 i guessed he was looking for aini . 
 he said , `` tony '' as lily and i were moving towards him . 
 `` hi ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` thank god ! 
 he can talk , '' he started looking at the scene right below us that i had watched for the last 12 minutes . 
 his head stopped moving as he saw our bodies . 
 his eyes were focused at aini 's body for a few seconds , then sara 's and at his own body which were all lying far apart from one other . 
 he obviously saw my body as it was the closest to us . 
 he looked at it and looked at me a few times . 
 i was pretty sure he realized what had happened to us . 
 like me , he was in a state of shock but was gradually recovering from it . 
 i did n't see a noticeable emotional reaction on his face when he saw the bodies of his wife and daughter . 
 `` tony , can you understand what 's going on ? '' 
 chris asked me . 
 `` i have been here over ten minutes chris ; i think we are dead and our souls survived , '' i said . 
 `` mmm ! '' 
 was chris 's reply . 
 i was n't sure what he meant by `` mmm '' . 
 `` i was puzzled on seeing our bodies down there , and floating up here in this robe like thing , '' i said expecting chris to say something . 
 but chris was silent . 
 we noticed two helicopters were coming towards us . 
 they were red cross , rescue helicopters . 
 the flexi-bubble was n't affected by the helicopters . 
 one chopper hovering above the scene started lowering a trooper down on a cable . 
 the trooper on the cable approached my body first . 
 after he landed on the ground , he let the cable go . 
 he examined my body and started communicating with the others with his walkie-talkie . 
 i could n't hear anything he said as the chopper was very loud . 
 however , i clearly saw the severity of my head injury when he turned my body over . 
 i think a good part of my brain was missing . 
 i saw the cable going down again . 
 i thought it was to lift my body . 
 i was wrong . 
 after he hooked himself , he was partially lifted for a couple of minutes and was lowered down to the place where dan was . 
 i saw the trooper using the walkie-talkie again . 
 this time the helicopter lowered the orange rescue cage . 
 dan 's body was loaded into the rescue cage , strapped firmly and lifted into the helicopter . 
 he did a clever job of handling it alone . 
 the trooper on the ground was able to climb down about 15 feet and walked about another 60 feet to reach sara 's body . 
 as the trouper touched the body i saw a slight movement in her tiny hand . 
 like earlier the rescue cage was lowered and the body was lifted into the helicopter . 
 soon after , i saw the helicopter dashing out . 
 obviously to the nearest hospital , i thought . 
 after seeing my body with half of my head , i was a hundred percent certain that i was dead . 
 now i 'm positive about why i was in the flexi-bubble . 
 that means what i am experiencing is not anything like a near death experience -lrb- nde -rrb- that i 've read about , but my own soul . 
 if my logic is right chris and lily must be well and truly dead as well . 
 it must be the reason why chris , lily and i are in the flexi-bubble but not the others . 
 with a load of things going through my mind that was my firm conclusion . 
 the second helicopter that was hovering at a fair distance away moved into the area . 
 both of us were still silent and were looking intently at the rescue mission right below us . 
 the fire on the suv was no more but there was still thick black smoke being emitted that at times blocked our view . 
 another glow in the flexi-bubble and aini appeared this time . 
 she had the same attire like us . 
 chris was surprised . 
 just like chris , she had a confused look on her face . 
 chris hugged aini . 
 they were silent for a long time . 
 however , after a while they started murmuring to each other . 
 chris was probably explaining his view about all this to aini . 
 i presumed chris would have mentioned that sara had been taken to the hospital by the helicopter . 
 for about 15 minutes she was n't looking around . 
 i was n't sure whether she saw us or not . 
 finally she looked at me . 
 from her look i realized that she had come out of the baffled state . 
 `` aini , '' i said softly . 
 `` tony , '' she replied with a faint voice . 
 that was followed by a very long period of silence . 
 i broke the silence by saying , `` it seems like sara and dan survived . '' 
 `` tony , can you understand what we are doing here ? '' 
 coming a few feet towards me , chris asked the same question he asked me a few minutes ago . 
 `` i did a little bit of thinking on this , chris . 
 as i said earlier , i think our souls survived leaving our bodies down there . 
 lily joined me 5 minutes after i came here first . 
 based on timing , you probably survived 10 more minutes after me . 
 and aini 's body had the last breath a few minutes ago . '' 
 `` any idea what we are wearing and what this enclosure is ? '' 
 chris asked me . 
 `` no ! 
 not much on both . 
 it looks like this is our uniform including lily 's . 
 about the enclosure , i like to call it the flexi-bubble as it flexes all the time . 
 before any of you were here , when i thought of sitting down the bottom of this flexed to form a nice seat . 
 seems like , it can understand my thoughts . '' 
 a moment after i saw a seat forming for chris and then for aini . 
 they were amazed . 
 `` chris , aini did you think of sitting ? '' 
 i asked chris and aini . 
 they said `` yes '' . 
 that confirmed the flexi-bubble reacts to our thoughts , like a faithful servant serving a master . 
 `` what is the purpose of the flexi-bubble ? 
 why are we together ? 
 how long are we going to be here ? 
 what will happen to us next ? 
 is this the way that everyone ends up after death ? '' 
 these were the mind boggling questions i had . 
 `` hey , tony is there any chance of reaching the hospital to see what is going on with sara ? 
 dan must be in the same hospital i believe , '' chris said . 
 as he said that , i felt us moving . 
 the flexi-bubble was moving us at a moderate speed . 
 we did n't feel any type of jerks or centrifugal forces as the flexi-bubble moved up and down or turned corners . 
 probably due to the zero gravity environment that we were in . 
 within seconds we reached the hospital . 
 we had no difficulty in passing through doors or walls . 
 they just faded away as the flexi-bubble approached them like in the movie ` terminator ' . 
 we saw the emergency rooms where sara and dan were . 
 there were many surgeons and support staff in their green coats , surrounding sara and dan . 
 the doctors and nurses were busy and serious . 
 there were so many beeping sounds and lights emanating from all the instruments monitoring sara and dan . 
 i had no clue what many of the electronic equipment were , as i had not been to a hospital in a long time . 
 we were watching what was happening in both emergency rooms . 
 after sometime , we realized the doctors around dan 's room were withdrawing from him one by one . 
 though i did n't know much about the medical instruments , the weak beeping sounds and flattened electronic display signals indicated dan was n't going to make it . 
 almost immediately , there was a new glow around us . 
 that was dan 's entry to the flexi-bubble . 
 similar to chris and aini when they came in , dan was in a traumatized state . 
 lily was over excited after identifying dan . 
 dan saw lily , but he was n't excited . 
 i did n't waste any time in reaching dan . 
 i kept talking to him and told him the full story ; really the little i knew . 
 being a buddhist and believer in after life , i thought he will accept his position pretty quickly . 
 but he could n't figure out why we were in a flexi-bubble in funny looking attire . 
 chris and aini spoke to dan briefly but they were more anxious to follow what was happening in sara 's emergency room . 
 a while later dan saw the hospital staff carting his body to the mortuary . 
 he brought it to my attention . 
 they placed his body next to a few more bodies that were partially covered . 
 `` did you see that ? '' 
 dan asked me by looking at me . 
 i saw the excitement on his face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the body next to me is yours ; and the two on the opposite side behind the glass panel are chris 's and aini 's , '' dan said . 
 dan was right . 
 chris and aini heard our dialogue . 
 they saw their bodies as well . 
 all our bodies had tags on the wrists . 
 beside the bodies there were plastic bags for each of us . 
 i knew that those were for the personal belongings , as i had been to a mortuary before . 
 i wondered whether the bag beside me had my iphone which i loved more than my wallet . 
 i knew that it would take some time for me to understand and adjust to the present world . 
 iphones or any other material things would not be the things for me hereafter . 
 the only material things i was aware of were the uniform and the flexi-bubble . 
 i was n't even sure whether these two were material things , from the little exposure i had so far . 
 this world seemed to be complex rather than simple . 
 sara was carted out from the emergency room after the surgery . 
 the rolling flatbed was surrounded by drip bottles and other medical instruments that were hooked to her body . 
 we could only see her closed eyes , as the rest of her body was covered with bandages . 
 her body was still and did n't look well to me . 
 sadly , sara popped into the flexi-bubble after 20 minutes , breaking the monotony in the flexi-bubble . 
 chris and aini probably expected it after observing the reactions of the nurses who were with her . 
 chris and aini took care of her when she popped in . 
 it was n't easy for them . 
 dan silenced lily 's barking . 
 sara had more questions than all of us . 
 i wondered whether she even knew the meaning of death . 
 chris 's and aini 's explanation to sara happened very privately . 
 the flexi-bubble moved about 100 feet above the hospital roof and became still . 
 we kept our silence for a long time , just as if we were at a funeral . 
 we moved around but most of the time we just looked outside . 
 we did n't have topics to talk about though there were millions of questions in our minds . 
 sara started playing with lily . 
 obviously she would have wondered why lily and all of us were in similar dresses in a balloon . 
 our eyes diverted to see how they were enjoying each other . 
 i enjoyed watching them play . 
 chris came towards me and said , `` now , as all of us are here should n't we move to a different place ? '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` just like how we came here from the place of accident , '' chris said . 
 `` we can try . 
 where do you want to go ? '' 
 i asked chris . 
 `` we should move to our home town as that 's where all of us are from , '' chris suggested . 
 `` that 's a good idea , '' dan said , though he did n't experience the move before . 
 all of us agreed . 
 all of us started concentrating on moving to hometown and expected the flexi-bubble to move . 
 last time when we thought about the hospital , the flexi-bubble moved us immediately . 
 it seemed that this time it was n't budging , although all of us had the same thought . 
 `` it is not moving . 
 maybe the distance is too much , '' chris said . 
 `` let 's try again , '' like an expert flexi-bubble operator , i commanded everybody to envision us moving to our hometown . 
 we did , but it did n't budge . 
 we gave up our idea after attempting several times . 
 i even requested sara to think on those lines . 
 i wondered why it was n't responding to our thoughts any more . 
 we did n't have a proper answer . 
 chris as the smartest guy in the bunch could n't help either . 
 still hovering above the hospital we realized it was relatively dark . 
 the lights on the ground and the half-moon up on the eastern sky provided enough light for us to see each other . 
 even after midnight we did n't feel sleepy or hungry . 
 we realized all those things like sleep , food and the basic necessities of life would not be applicable to us anymore . 
 with every passing second , we were getting accustomed to the world of souls that we had no prior knowledge of . 
 the only new thing we knew was we were surely restricted to the flexi-bubble that could flex and move . 
 we were silent as a losing team after a tightly fought game . 
 i could n't understand why all of us ended up in the flexi-bubble . 
 why did n't each of us get individual flexi-bubbles ? 
 was it because we were together before the accident ? 
 are our souls mysteriously connected together ? 
 what will happen to us beyond being trapped in this enclosure ? 
 will we have to be in this until the day of redemption that many holy books talk about ? 
 is it only i who have all these un-answered questions ? 
 i lost the tranquility i had before . 
 my mind was running riot . 
 i was n't sure whether the other three were chanting silent prayers according to their beliefs , seeking to reach heaven or other happy places . 
 as i did n't have a religion , there seemed to be a big chance of my ending up alone in the flexi-bubble . 
 or perhaps with lily as i have heard animals do n't go to heaven . 
 will i end in hell ? 
 if i go to hell , i would be able to understand what type of place that would be . 
 i have n't read anything about the near death experience people reaching hell . 
 strangely many people have almost reached heaven and then returned to earth . 
 in those stories many have seen tunnels , angels and extended arms reaching out to them from nowhere . 
 of course if i saw an arm i would be the first to grab it . 
 i supposed it would be fair for me to do that as i came here first . 
 in the midst of the dead silence , i missed my iphone very badly . 
 it could have helped to kill my boredom . 
 the iphone reminded me of the call i received yesterday when i was in the shower . 
 i could n't keep silent anymore , so i started a conversation . 
 i told everybody about the call on the `` prepaid discount offer for funeral services . '' 
 `` tony , you do n't believe and you laugh at these things all the time saying it 's bs . 
 but , do n't you think that it has something to do with the accident ? 
 you ca n't say it is purely coincidental , '' dan said in a mellow tone different to his usual argumentative one . 
 `` no , i am trying to understand what that ` something ' you are talking about is , '' i said . 
 `` you saw a bird flying into chris 's house and i said it was a sign of death , did n't i ? '' 
 dan said . 
 i knew he was lining up with his usual stuff for me , but supported with actual facts this time . 
 `` i did n't want to say that earlier . 
 in fact the bird hit the fan and died on the spot , '' like a fool i tried to be truthful . 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 aini broke her silence aiming her eyes at chris . 
 chris nodded his head and said , `` yes . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell me that before ? '' 
 aini 's voice indicated she was n't happy about chris dodging it earlier . 
 `` if we talk about the bird too much it might end up here with us , '' chris joked . 
 it was good to have some humor in a grief filled environment ; i thought . 
 `` do you now believe in afterlife ? '' 
 dan posed a question to me . 
 `` yes . 
 there is consciousness after death in a flexi-bubble . 
 that is all i know right now , '' i said and i continued . 
 `` every day , over 150,000 people die on earth . 
 in another 80 years , nearly everyone who 's on earth today will be gone . 
 death can happen at any time , to anybody . 
 it happened to us today . 
 we have argued over ` afterlife ' many times in the past . 
 now we know there is something after death . 
 but we still know only a little . 
 we never knew we 'd end up in a flexi-bubble . 
 did any of your religions say anything about a flexi-bubble ? 
 technically there should be 150,000 flexi-bubbles around us today . 
 but we can not see any of those including the bird 's one if they get flexi-bubbles too . 
 so , do not jump to conclusions or impose all of your ideas on me or force me to believe what you believe , yet . 
 we have time to resolve this afterlife issue once and for all . '' 
 `` we might discover something completely unexpected in time to come . 
 we have to wait and see , '' chris said . 
 aini agreed . 
 `` excuse me aini ; what does your religion say about death and after life ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` it is not an easy question to answer dan , as i 'm not a scholar on the subject . 
 i will tell you what i know , '' aini said . 
 `` that would be nice , '' dan said as we had n't pondered on this subject before . 
 `` we are already in after life , '' i made a remark with my loose mouth ; that was n't necessary . 
 `` sorry aini , go ahead . '' 
 `` we believe in heaven and hell . 
 guys who do good things will go to heaven and who do bad things will go to hell , '' aini started explaining . 
 `` any distinct difference on this in chris 's and your religion , '' i asked . 
 `` i do not like to speak for chris i will tell you the few things i know . 
 again i must say there are different versions of what i 'm about to say , ok ! 
 so keep that in mind . 
 according to the quran one day the world will be destroyed . 
 on that day our god will raise all the people from death . 
 there are many variations to the definition of this last day i 'm talking about . 
 the judgment will be decided by our god . '' 
 `` so , it looks like we will have to wait till such time . 
 holy cow ! '' 
 i jumped in before she finished . 
 `` is there anywhere in your holy book it talks about the soul ending up in a flexi-bubble ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` dan , is there anything about it in buddhism ? '' 
 aini asked . 
 `` aini , sorry for interrupting you ; please continue , '' dan apologized . 
 `` i may be wrong , but what i have heard is , until that day comes , the dead person 's soul will remain in the grave . 
 some say the dead will begin to feel the taste of their destiny to come in the grave . 
 obviously , those bound for hell will suffer , while those bound for heaven will be in peace until that time , '' aini paused to give us a chance to ask questions . 
 `` that means we will go back to our graves from here , '' i said . 
 `` seems like it , '' aini said . 
 `` of course i hope my sister will cremate me ; that 's what i wanted . 
 i 've told her about it many times when we discussed death as children . 
 hope she remembers , '' i said . 
 `` hey , aini , assume my sister buries me ; what will happen when i am resurrected as i lost half the skull and brain ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do n't worry ; i 've heard that all bodies will be re-created . 
 so , you will have the whole skull and a full brain , '' aini replied . 
 `` does it really matter to you tony as you did n't have anything up there in any case , '' chris joked . 
 again , i thought it was good of chris to make fun to compensate for the gloomy situation . 
 `` chris , apologetically i have to ask you to shut up ! '' 
 i thought i stopped further attacks . 
 sara heard that and said , `` uncle tony , you are saying bad things . '' 
 i apologized to her . 
 `` hey ! 
 aini , how can that be possible ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` for a person who created heaven and earth it must be a pretty simple task , tony . 
 so , do n't worry . 
 slow down , you will be ok , '' aini explained . 
 `` the christian story is pretty similar . 
 what matters is the deeds you have done in your life , tony . 
 can you think of any good deeds you have done ? '' 
 chris threw another friendly verbal punch at me . 
 `` i have a bad group of friends and all of them finally helped me to end up in a flexi-bubble . 
 thank you , guys ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` hey , do you think i 'll end up in hell , as i do n't have a religion ? '' 
 i asked chris . 
 `` i do n't think they will accept you even in hell , '' dan interrupted . 
 all laughed . 
 `` aini , what do you know about hell ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` if you go to hell your body and soul will suffer eternally , as opposed to eternal pleasures in heaven , '' aini explained . 
 `` what is the destiny for people who believe in other religions ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 chris answered by saying , `` all non-muslims will go to hell , according to aini 's religion . '' 
 `` so , chris and dan are going to be my buddies in hell , '' i said . 
 `` i am going to sneak in to aini 's heaven as i can have 72 virgins , '' chris said . 
 `` you will not be tolerated there chris , '' aini joked . 
 `` seriously any religious views or understanding on the flexi-bubble we are in ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` any of you . '' 
 i saw chris wanting to say something . 
 `` there are always debates over the finer points on the doctrines of any religion . 
 in regards to what happens to souls , christianity has four views . 
 these are n't straightforward references from the bible but i think these ideas have evolved over centuries . 
 before i tell you guys about these four streams , i must say , all these ideas seem to have come from greek philosophy . 
 we protestant christians view the soul as an inhabitant of the body . 
 so the two , soul and body , are considered separate entities . 
 contrary to this view , the jewish religion is inclined to the view that body and soul are indivisible , '' chris said . 
 he paused for a moment as he suddenly had an insight . 
 `` wow ! 
 i have proof now to show jews are wrong , '' chris enjoyed saying . 
 `` what are the four ideas chris ? '' 
 dan was quick to get chris 's attention back on the topic . 
 `` idea number one is that the believer 's souls go immediately into god 's presence . 
 that means out of this lot , only i 'll go to heaven since i 'm the only believer of jesus christ . 
 you lot go to hell . 
 you guys will be there in hell until judgment day comes . 
 the idea of going to heaven immediately without having to wait , is based on jesus ' words on the cross promising the thief crucified alongside him that ` today you will be with me in paradise ' . 
 that means there is no time lapse to go to heaven after death , '' chris said . 
 `` why did n't jesus say to him ` today you will go to hell ' , as he was a thief ? '' 
 dan interrupted . 
 all of a sudden we heard sara 's voice . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 chris managed to divert her attention back to lily . 
 `` so according to the first idea one can go to heaven immediately after death . 
 what 's the second idea ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the second idea is from a catholic belief . 
 according to this belief the soul goes to a flexi-bubble , '' chris laughed . 
 `` seriously it says the soul will go to an intermediate place and wait for judgment day . 
 at this transient place the souls go through a purification process to make them ready to enter heaven . 
 catholics also state that sinners can confess their sins to catholic priests and those sins can be forgiven . 
 it does n't matter how grave the sins might be ; if the sinner truly repents , he or she will be forgiven , '' chris explained . 
 `` does this means that all good and bad guys must go through the timely intermediate purification process ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's not that clear because catholics also believe the possibility of people going straight to heaven or hell , '' chris explained further . 
 `` that is really interesting but confusing . 
 however , as you said earlier the time in the flexi-bubble could be considered as the purification stage ; the stopover before going to heaven ; right ? '' 
 i said . 
 chris said `` yes . '' 
 `` what is the third idea ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` the third idea is that the souls go through some type of dormant state like hibernation , until the second coming of christ . 
 the souls will wake up from that state just in time for judgment day . 
 however , some scripture urges people to demonstrate godly lives ` in the presence of a great cloud of witnesses ' , thus implying there are witnesses in heaven . 
 that means these witnesses are the people already in heaven . 
 how did they reach heaven without waiting for judgment day as given in the scripture poses a question ? 
 so , it 's a little complicated to explain the anomaly but that 's the third , '' chris said . 
 `` is the soul immortal ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` yes . 
 the concept of heaven and hell in traditional christianity heavily depends on the doctrine of the immortality of the soul . 
 do you like to hear the fourth idea before it skips out of my head ? '' 
 chris said . 
 `` yes , '' `` the fourth idea is the souls of believers go to heaven and the souls of non-believers like you guys cease to exist . 
 ` annihilationism ' is the term used to describe the cessation of existence . 
 so , if this is true you three should n't have existed anymore . 
 but i 'm talking to you , the non-believers , now . 
 so , this idea is questionable and definitely not true , '' chris joked and we laughed . 
 `` this fourth idea is not a popular one because it contradicts biblical references to judgment day that specifically state jesus will judge ` both the living and the dead ' . 
 if the souls of only believers survive death , and if all believers go to heaven then judgment is logically unnecessary , right ? '' 
 chris said . 
 `` logically yes , '' i said . 
 `` all these four ideas underpin the event of unification of soul and body at resurrection , '' chris said . 
 `` some scriptures say that even the nonbelievers will be resurrected and then be judged . 
 so fortunately you guys still have a very small chance . '' 
 `` where was jesus christ the three days before he arose from death ? '' 
 asked aini . 
 `` mm ! 
 sorry , i do n't have a clear-cut answer for that question . 
 there 's not much recorded data on the time between his death and resurrection , '' chris answered . 
 `` come to think of it , his soul would have been in a flexi-bubble like ours ! 
 who knows ? '' 
 dan said . 
 `` what 's your answer to the question i asked aini before ? 
 at resurrection what will be my position as my body does n't have half my brain and if it was cremated ? '' 
 it was too late when i realized what a fool i was by asking that question . 
 `` do n't worry tony ; any brain that you get at resurrection would be more intelligent than what you had . '' 
 this time it was aini who launched the attack , laughingly . 
 i intensely regretted my folly in providing ammunition for the attack . 
 `` aini 's answer is perfect i think ; i can not agree more , '' dan topped it up with his 2 cents worth . 
 `` did you look closely at your skull to see whether you had anything in it ? 
 all this time i thought it was pretty hollow , '' chris my beloved friend did n't stop . 
 `` dummy ! '' 
 `` ha , ha ! 
 is that it ? 
 anything else , on my brain ? '' 
 i had to fight for my pride , and wanted to get back on the subject . 
 `` hey ! 
 chris , to me it seems like our status here does not fit any of those four ideas . 
 according to the 1st idea , you should n't be here but in heaven by now . 
 the closest is the 2nd idea of having an intermediate stage as believed by catholics . 
 but they also believe direct transfers to heaven , '' i said . 
 `` i may vanish at any moment to heaven . 
 who knows ? 
 you better hold onto me if you want me , '' chris was still in the jovial mood he got from his last jab at me . 
 i enjoyed the fun mood . 
 `` we did n't discuss lily . 
 what will happen to her ? 
 where will she go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's again a complex question . 
 some say that animals will not be allowed in heaven because they do n't have souls . 
 some say there are animals in heaven , '' chris said . 
 `` in buddhism animals are part of the cycles of births and deaths , '' dan said . 
 `` oh ! 
 good . 
 it is your turn now dan ! 
 give your explanation or your boss 's explanations , about all these things ? '' 
 aini requested dan to explain his take on the subject . 
 `` until i came here i thought it was pretty simple to explain afterlife , but it looks like i 'm in deep trouble , '' dan said . 
 `` how can any of us be in deeper trouble than this , dan ? 
 go on ! '' 
 aini said . 
 `` first of all we buddhists do n't believe in a soul . 
 contrary to all the other religions this is the unique concept in buddhist teachings , '' dan paused as he saw chris wanting to say something . 
 `` oh ! 
 i think i can understand . 
 it looks like you 're in deep trouble in explaining our presence here with that unique concept , '' chris said as he could understand dan 's dilemma . 
 `` buddhism is a counter revolutionary philosophy to hinduism . 
 hindu 's believe in a body and a soul . 
 the buddha approached the subject of the soul in a different manner . 
 i might take a long time to get into the core teaching on this , as it is a bit complicated to explain all that . 
 so , i 'll try to summarize , '' dan said . 
 `` dan , we have all the time in the world . 
 so , take your time . 
 i am dying to listen to you even after death , '' aini said `` sorry dan , i can not offer you any beer today as i know you need at least half dozen cans for you to warm up for a subject like this , right ! '' 
 chris said . 
 `` beer ! 
 did n't you know i became a teetotaler a few hours ago , '' dan said . 
 `` you are a good boy ! 
 go back to the no-soul talk , '' aini said . 
 `` i 'm thinking of how to narrate the stuff . 
 ok , let me try . 
 i need to tell you that there is a shallow side and deep philosophical insight in buddhist teachings . 
 these two factions were necessary as the buddha had to preach to people of various intellectual capacities in the diverse social structure at his time . 
 on the shallow side of things , as per my interpretation , buddhists believe in karma , rebirth , heavens , hells , gods , ghosts , sprits , devils , etc. . 
 these ideas already existed at that time from hinduism . 
 i suppose you 've heard about karma . 
 karma is an automatic reward or punishment you receive from the good and bad deeds done in present life and previous lives . 
 the deeds can be physical , verbal or mental actions . 
 the rewards and punishments are really the happy and sorrowful experiences in life . 
 the life journey is not restricted to this life . 
 the past lives are often equated to the links in a chain ; with an addition of a new link at every rebirth . 
 the seeds of all good and bad deeds you had collected in the past are in your life system and those seeds affect your rewards and punishments . 
 you have no control or choice over when or what to have . 
 there is no controller who brings these up for you . 
 the past lives you spent may have been as human beings , animals , gods or other life forms like ghosts . 
 most of these ideas are identical to the ideas in hinduism and have come from hinduism . 
 buddhists are very keen to use the word rebirth instead of reincarnation to show that there is a difference , '' dan said . 
 `` what do you think so far ? '' 
 `` good ! 
 what 's the difference between reincarnation and rebirth ? '' 
 chris asked . 
 `` this is where i have to switch to the deep philosophical aspects of the teaching , '' dan said . 
 `` ok dan , keep going . 
 sorry for the interruption , '' chris said . 
 `` that 's ok , keep asking questions . 
 my only request is , make sure you ask the questions that i 'm able to answer . 
 no smart questions allowed please . 
 if my answer is wrong do not argue , '' dan said . 
 `` we 'll try ! '' 
 was the one vocal familiar reply he got from us . 
 `` the buddha said the idea of self is an illusion . 
 this is defined as `` anatta '' or `` no-self '' . 
 buddhist scripture is written in pali language and anatta is a pali word . 
 buddha vehemently denied the concept of the soul which was found in hinduism . 
 buddhists do not believe in a migration of a soul to another life which is reincarnation . 
 in buddhism the impetus to your next life is the last thought of your present life or the thought you have at the time of death . 
 it is the thought process that continues , not any form of soul . 
 if there is nothing called soul then what carries the karmic seeds to the next life , poses a question . 
 i do n't have an answer to that , rather than saying all the seeds are not packaged into a soul . 
 however , i will explain to you the ` no-self ' or ` anatta ' concept further . '' 
 `` go ahead dan , '' aini said . 
 `` to explain the concept of ` no-self ' the buddha had an approach like this . 
 he said that there are two categories of truths . 
 one was called the ` conventional truth ' and the other the ` ultimate truth ' , '' dan said . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 chris asked . 
 `` i 'll give you some examples . 
 we think our earth is flat but it is round . 
 we know an atom is over 99 % hollow , because the electrons that circle the nucleus of the atom are at vast distances compared to the size of the nucleus of the atom . 
 we are made of atoms . 
 hence we must be over 99 % hollow . 
 but we do n't define our body that way . 
 same type of logic applies for light . 
 we see light as light but not as seven colors though it is made of seven colors . 
 so we can look at things as conventional truth and also as ultimate truth , '' dan looked around . 
 `` true . 
 so how does your logic correlate to the soul or self ? '' 
 aini asked . 
 `` according to buddha the self exists as a conventional entity , but in reality if you apply the ultimate truth principle there is no such thing called self or soul , '' dan said . 
 `` are you trying to correlate your 99 % hollow atom theory to self ? '' 
 chris asked . 
 `` no , no . 
 it has nothing to do with that . 
 buddha said the people believed self as a conglomeration of what was termed as ` five aggregates ' in his time . 
 the five aggregates consist of form and mind . 
 the first aggregate , the form , is the body . 
 the other four are the mind elements that were identified as feeling , perception , mental formation and consciousness . 
 the buddha explained that the postulation of self this way was absolutely incorrect as none of those five entities either considered individually or in any combinations or all together , does n't constitute a self , '' said dan . 
 `` interesting but complex ; i need to think a bit on that , '' chris said `` let me go a little further on this . 
 in hinduism the self is characterized as body and soul , just similar to the idea in your religions . 
 in hinduism the self is explained around the slogans ` you identify your body but you are not your body , your soul is the witness of your body ; you identify your thoughts but you are not your thoughts , your soul is the witness of your thoughts . 
 the buddha took a step further on this notion and said there is no ` witness ' either , to be defined as self , '' dan kept on going as if he was a buddhist guru . 
 `` hey , dan if there 's nothing called self , who is behind a human being , '' chris asked . 
 `` i will tell you what buddha said . 
 citing the ultimate truth concept i just explained to you , the buddha 's answer was , because there is no self or soul , the word ` who ' does not bear any validity or meaning in the question . 
 because your question has an error with a word ` who ' in it , a valid answer can not be construed , '' dan said . 
 `` dan , keep all the complicated answers aside . 
 tell me who you are in the flexi-bubble if it is not your soul , '' aini asked . 
 `` aini , actually i do n't have a conclusive answer to your question . 
 how do you know for sure whether we are souls ? 
 did you know all souls get a dress like this and have discussions on the topic of souls in a flexi-bubble ? '' 
 dan questioned . 
 `` i do n't know , but that 's my best guess at the moment because of my religious back ground and what i 'm experiencing right now without flesh and blood . 
 what 's your best guess ? '' 
 aini questioned . 
 `` according to buddhism , we go from one life to another . 
 some buddhists believe that there can be an intermediate stage between the two lives . 
 in fact , there are rites the buddhists follow during and after a funeral , believing some kind of existence of a sprit world immediately after death . 
 so , i have a few guesses at the moment . 
 may be i am in an intermediate stage waiting to be conceived in a woman 's or an animal 's womb . 
 my second guess is , perhaps all of us are already born in a ghostly realm due to the sins we have done in the past . 
 the third guess is , maybe i 'm wrong and souls exist dressed in uniforms . 
 i think it 's best for me to say i do n't know rather than trying to come up with a bogus answer , '' dan said . 
 i was more confused than ever . 
 `` dan , do you think you have the seeds of all good and bad things you 've done along your life journey so far ? 
 do you feel that you have them in some form ? '' 
 chris asked . 
 `` chris , that 's what i 've been conditioned to believe . 
 your question of feel for seeds has no meaning . 
 anyway the answer is no . 
 buddhists attribute many good and bad things that happen in life to past deeds or karma , like the hindus . 
 can i prove this theory ? 
 no ! 
 but one ca n't disprove it either , just like the concept of god 's will or attributing those to destinies governed by one 's horoscope , '' dan answered . 
 `` dan , do you believe in heaven ? '' 
 aini asked . 
 `` according to buddhist scripture there are over 84,000 heavenly worlds and four hells in our universe . 
 when a person is born in a heavenly world that person becomes a god as well . 
 the life expectancies of the gods are very long but yet finite like ours . 
 so after that extensive life period they could be born as a god again or end up as a human or animal or any other form , depending purely on the person 's karma seeds . 
 these ideas have come from hindu beliefs and i am very skeptical about those personally . 
 some of these ideas served a purpose for a wide fraction of the people at the time of buddha who already had these ideas . 
 the human psyche adores that type of beliefs even now as it seems logical and provable . 
 buddhists do n't believe in a creator god , but various rituals for various gods are common practices , '' dan said . 
 `` dan , you said that buddhists believe in the chain of life . 
 and also you said one 's last thought has some influence on that person 's next birth . 
 what 's the explanation you have for the development of the first link of the chain ? 
 or how did you come to existence for the very first time in your life journey ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` tony , you agreed not to ask unanswerable questions . 
 you broke the rule my friend ! 
 let me think . 
 the first answer is i do n't know . 
 the second answer can be given as `` desire '' , according to buddhist scripture . 
 you might question whose desire is it ? 
 i do n't have an answer as that person has logically not existed before . 
 some buddhists have two ways of answering this question . 
 the first way is to say life journey is not a chain but a circle . 
 chicken and egg situation , you know . 
 the other way is to say , looking for an answer to that question is not the purpose of buddhism . 
 there is a simile to support this logic ; like if you are hit by a poisoned arrow should you find out who fired the arrow before you take it out . 
 i admit both these are bs answers . 
 no rationality involved , other than buttering the belief . 
 however on several occasions the buddha implied an answer like this ; according to the ultimate truth principle i told you , there is no body called dan or tony , so your question is wrong . 
 as a result of having a question with an error in it , a proper answer can not be construed , '' dan said . 
 `` that 's a clever one , though seems very complicated to grasp properly , '' aini said . 
 `` i do n't think tony can understand any of that with his half brain , dan . 
 so you need to go a little easy with him , '' chris said . 
 `` i 've had enough from all of you . 
 just relax you guys ! 
 thanks dan . 
 i need to think about it with my half brain but at least i know my brain is still better than chris 's , '' i said . 
 `` dan , you said something about the last thought leading to the next life . 
 so , what was your last thought or did you have any desire when the suv rolled down ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i can still remember the trailer coming towards us and the big bang ! 
 after that i can clearly remember i had something like a near death experience , the stories i have read about . 
 i did n't want to say anything earlier thinking you guys would make fun of me , '' dan said . 
 `` that 's interesting . 
 come on dan we 're still friends ! '' 
 aini said . 
 `` aini , you may not believe this . 
 it 's weird and amazing . 
 and come to think of it , it 's funny too . 
 anyway , as we do n't have any clue as to how long we 're going to be together , i will tell you , '' dan said . 
 it sounded like he had a long story to tell . 
 `` this is what i can remember . 
 i was dropping down from space at very high speed as if i was attempting to break the free fall speed record , like the guy felix baumgartner who jumped from space . 
 actually i thought i broke the record ! 
 unfortunately , my parachute did n't open like his . 
 i was screaming when i gathered high speed . 
 i finally hit a big rock . 
 shockingly , i bounced back like in a bungee jump ; but i came back to the ground safely . 
 there were people at the bottom of the rock to receive me , as if they 've been waiting for me for some time . 
 i did n't know any of them . 
 though my back hit the rock very hard nothing really happened . 
 i was talking to the people about what went wrong . 
 they said it was good to go to the hospital for a checkup . 
 i was taken to the hospital in a helicopter . 
 i was rushed to the emergency room . 
 within seconds there were so many doctors and nurses around me . 
 then they thought i was dead as i could hear all the conversations going on around me . 
 i was n't dead but it was scary because i thought they were going to cut me open , or bury me alive . 
 then i saw one guy pretending to be a doctor bringing a huge injection cylinder with a big needle . 
 after i saw that i started flying up again like a rocket with the butt on fire . 
 i was screaming at the top of my voice for help on the way up . 
 next thing i realized i was in this flexi-bubble and tony talking to me in his funny dress . '' 
 everybody started laughing when dan said that , though dan still had a weird look on his face . 
 `` i also have read reported near death experience stories . 
 however , that does n't sound like a near death experience story , but somewhat close . 
 it seems like ` getting scared of injection ' story , '' chris said jokingly . 
 `` i have read those stories too and done some further reading to understand the scientific explanation . 
 near-death experiences are often thought of as mystical phenomena , but research is now revealing scientific explanations for virtually all those common features people see and experience at near death situations . 
 things like voyages toward a bright light in a tunnel can be induced in anybody in the lab and why it is happening can be biologically explained . 
 one of the methods of doing this is by increasing the co2 concentration in the blood . 
 people who have inhaled excess carbon dioxide or intentionally done that with meditative practices or have been at high altitudes are known to have had sensations similar to near-death experiences . 
 that is how the researchers got to know this particular fact first , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't know whether i should believe you or not . 
 i believe in near death experience , '' said dan . 
 `` that 's ok . 
 this is what i have read and there are many other convincing pathological explanations for near death experience , '' i said . 
 `` basically , a few hours ago you saw me in the hospital , and all of you could see your bodies . 
 now , imagine we get a chance to go back to our bodies to tell our story to others . 
 do you think people will believe us ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' chris said . 
 `` dan , you have a very valid point there , '' i said and i thought it was a good point to ponder . 
 `` we have to wait and see what 's going to happen to us , '' chris said . 
 `` what do you think will happen to us , '' i asked . 
 `` i believe we 'll end up in heaven . 
 do n't ask me when or why ? 
 but i 'm pretty sure of this , '' aini said those words with a lot of confidence . 
 `` assume we end up in heaven due to some luck . 
 what would be our state of mind when we end up there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 chris asked `` take sara for example . 
 when she goes there , will she have a mind of a child or adult ? '' 
 i asked with a low voice as i did n't want sara to hear her name . 
 `` i 'm trying to be very open here . 
 i had some difficulties in bringing clarity to this issue in the past , '' chris continued . 
 `` logically , all of us come into this world with a sinful nature , according to my religion . 
 so this includes babies . 
 the only salvation in christianity is through knowing jesus christ . 
 babies and kids are not mature to understand jesus christ . 
 also , mentally challenged kids and people , will never have the capability to understand jesus christ . 
 so , on that logic will they end up in hell ? 
 some denominations of christians think by baptizing babies the kids can go to heaven , if they die early . 
 then what happens to the babies who are miscarried or die during childbirth ? 
 are they condemned to hell ? 
 the bible does n't explicitly state what happens to them . 
 however , babies and children are recognized as innocent in the bible . 
 hence we can assume children will go through the grace and righteous judgment of god , '' chris said . 
 `` is sara christian or muslim ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 sara looked at dan but aini diverted her attention back to playing with lily . 
 `` we did n't teach her a specific religion . 
 we taught her the good and the bad , and wanted her to select a religion of her choice once she could understand the world , '' aini whispered . 
 `` what will be her fate according to islam considering our status here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` islam does n't have the concept of original sin . 
 we believe that all human beings are born pure . 
 babies and children therefore go to heaven automatically , regardless of their parents beliefs . 
 so , she will go to heaven , '' aini said . 
 `` that is interesting , and a very reasonable assumption , '' dan said . 
 `` dan , what 's the buddhist 's view on children 's deaths ? '' 
 aini asked . 
 `` a death of a child is considered a result of a bad deed done in the past . 
 as such the child 's life will undergo a different rebirth into another realm , as human , animal or other being . 
 that 's all i can say , '' said dan . 
 `` guys , i did n't get an answer to the question i asked before . 
 when sara goes to heaven will she have a mind of a child or adult ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 `` obviously she will have a mind of a child , '' chris said . 
 `` will she one day become an adult in heaven ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , '' chris gave a short answer . 
 `` what kind of an adult ? '' 
 `` high iq , good mental composition , '' chris said . 
 but i thought he made it up . 
 `` without having any education in her life , will she just know everything ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 `` why do you want to have all the math , science and history there tony ; it 's a pleasure place , '' chris said . 
 `` i 've seen both idiotic and intellectual people laughing and having fun and pleasure . 
 do n't you think there 's a difference between the pleasures each category of people have ? 
 something like idiotic pleasure and intellectual pleasure ? 
 will all who go to heaven be like a bunch of children having fun without anything upstairs ? 
 do n't you think the pleasure is relative ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` good question , difficult to answer , '' chris said . 
 `` do you see any relativity ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes . 
 i understand what you mean ; pleasure is relative , '' chris said . 
 `` what happens to your age in heaven ? 
 what will happen to your intellectual capacity in heaven ? 
 will you have an old body if you die old or will you get young bodies ? 
 will all the people in heaven get some sort of uniforms ? 
 have you got to change clothes ? 
 have you got to eat and breathe ? 
 i 've also heard about rivers of honey and delicious fruits . 
 i hope the toilets are good and toilet paper is smooth ? '' 
 i 'm glad i stopped the flow of loose words spilling from my mouth without control . 
 `` yes , yes and yes . 
 you will get whatever you want tony , '' chris said . 
 `` to be frank i would n't be comfortable meeting with my father , mother and grandparents all having young faces . 
 especially my father and grandfather with so many virgins around them , if it 's aini 's heaven , '' i said . 
 `` tony , are you jealous ? 
 anyway why should you worry when you have no chance of going there ? '' 
 chris had a verbal punch at me again . 
 i did n't get a chance to respond , as aini was about to say something . 
 `` you may not have heard this , but the quran sets the age of responsibility at 40 ; that 's the age of full maturity . 
 so all of us may come under the category of children and definitely end up in heaven , '' aini said . 
 `` is that right ? 
 fantastic ! 
 i did n't know that ? '' 
 chris said . 
 `` hey , tony you still have a chance . '' 
 `` chris that may be the reason why jesus christ went to heaven , he was only 33 when he died , '' i said this casually and wondered whether i had been insensitive to chris . 
 i should n't have said that . 
 chris laughed but did n't say anything . 
 `` aini , what good will you have when you find all the male folks are hanging around the virgins , '' dan asked . 
 `` i 've heard there are various verses in the quran regarding the rewards for women . 
 some are interpreted negatively . 
 but i go with the positive interpretation that all men and women will be rewarded based on their deeds , '' aini said . 
 all of a sudden there was a glow on the flexi-bubble . 
 i immediately thought of a possible addition to the flexi-bubble . 
 i looked around to see what was going on . 
 it was the first few rays of the rising sun coming from the eastern horizon . 
 we did n't even feel the last 6 hours go by . 
 none of us including sara and lily felt sleepy , hungry or tired . 
 `` those were obvious needs of physical bodies that were not required for the life form we were in , '' i thought . 
 `` good morning ! '' 
 i said to the others who were gazing at the beautiful view of the rising sun that displaced our conversation . 
 `` good morning ! '' 
 `` uncle tony , the sun is very , very big and red , '' sara said . 
 nothing came out of my mouth as i had mixed feelings about sara . 
 i touched her head . 
 the feeling i got was quite different to the feeling i usually get . 
 throughout the night she was playing with lily . 
 lily 's behavior was quite different too . 
 however , lily and sara kept each other fully occupied . 
 that was a big plus . 
 we could hear birds singing . 
 the singing seemed to turn into competitions with many more birds joining . 
 being a naturalist it was a peak moment of my life . 
 i wondered why i did n't enjoy the songs so much in my real life . 
 with the sun coming up we saw the bedroom and kitchen lights in houses lighting up . 
 people and traffic kept filling the roads little by little . 
 a few hours passed and the streets became busy . 
 i noticed that , aini had got excited as she identified her parent 's car entering the hospital car park . 
 four people got down from the car . 
 aini identified them as her uncle , aunt and her parents . 
 we could n't see them after they entered through the hospital 's main door . 
 it would have been around 7 am . 
 `` according to my religion the burial has to happen as soon as possible , within 24 hours or so . 
 i 'm pretty sure my parents are trying to do that , '' aini said . 
 `` do you think your parents will bury your body in this town or take it back to our home town ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my parents like to stick to muslim traditions . 
 so , they 'll try to bury it in this town to meet the time constraint . 
 we 'll find out pretty soon , '' aini said . 
 aini also recognized more of her relatives coming to the hospital . 
 chris 's parents came to the hospital too . 
 i thought i might see my sister , if she had got the news and decided to drive through the night . 
 in dan 's case only his mother was living and he wondered who would come to sort things out . 
 he did n't expect his mother to come since she had health issues . 
 though we occasionally looked at each other , we were back to our dead silent mode again . 
 everyone was looking outside , expecting to see more people they knew coming to the hospital . 
 we did n't know what was going on inside the hospital . 
 after a few hours , we saw a long , black funeral hearse leaving the mortuary . 
 we were sure it was carrying aini 's body as all the vehicles aini identified as her relatives ' started following the hearse . 
 we watched all the cars until the last vehicle drove past our location . 
 the flexi-bubble was not moving . 
 aini and chris were particularly disappointed about the flexi-bubble not following the hearse . 
 about 15 minutes later i saw my sister and brother-in-law coming to the hospital . 
 i did n't see their car but i saw them walking towards the main entrance of the hospital building . 
 dan was worried as he did n't see anyone he knew come to the hospital . 
 dan was the only child in his family , like aini . 
 suddenly , the flexi-bubble started moving . 
 it went up first and then started moving eastward . 
 it was moving away from our home town . 
 `` any idea , as to where it 's going ? '' 
 chris asked , interrupting a very long silence . 
 `` no . 
 we 'll know pretty soon , '' i said . 
 within seconds we could see a gathering at a faraway place in the direction the flexi-bubble was heading . 
 we saw about twenty people at that beautiful green landscape . 
 the patchy brown spots we saw through the few trees , indicated it was a burial place . 
 the flexi-bubble stopped a few feet away from the gathering . 
 it was the burial set up for aini . 
 the gathering included aini 's parents , chris 's parents , close friends and relatives . 
 her body was at the center covered with a white cloth . 
 upon closer observation we realized sara 's body was next to hers . 
 there was a freshly dug grave close to the coffin . 
 the grave was larger than usual . 
 after recognizing her grandparents , sara was busy asking questions from both aini and chris . 
 aini was continuously answering sara 's questions and was speaking softly to chris . 
 sara probably knew there was no way of getting into the arms of her grandparents ; the first thing she usually does at every opportunity . 
 i thought her grandparents would have agreed on sara 's burial with aini . 
 lily had to be controlled as she started barking after recognizing aini 's parents . 
 according to what aini explained about the destinies of souls a while ago , i wondered whether aini and sara would disappear from the flexi-bubble at any moment to get back to their bodies when the burial took place . 
 that would be sad . 
 a few minutes later a person addressed the gathering . 
 i assumed he was the prayer leader as he started chanting prayers . 
 he stood before the bodies , facing away from the assembly of mourners . 
 after a few minutes the few women who were there moved back separating out from the crowd . 
 aini and sara 's coffins were moved to the grave by the men who were there . 
 both bodies were carefully laid down in the grave . 
 according to muslim custom , i knew that the right side of her face would be turned towards mecca . 
 a person got into the grave and did something to the bodies . 
 that must be it . 
 the grave was filled with soil one shovel load at a time . 
 i did n't see any flowers laid on the grave after it was filled . 
 contrary to what aini told us that the soul would go back to its body at burial , aini and sara were still with us . 
 i thought that was definitely a big consolation to chris and to all of us , as we needed the company . 
 we were not sure what would happen to them or us at any moment . 
 every second was a tense moment . 
 the mourners started to disperse one by one after expressing their final condolences to aini 's and chris 's parents . 
 they were the last to leave the burial grounds . 
 we were looking at their cars departing until we lost sight of them . 
 we hugged aini for a moment to show our affection . 
 `` aini , are you ok ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 aini said , `` yes . '' 
 `` after all , you are still here . 
 your soul and sara 's did n't end up in the grave contrary to what you explained to us before . 
 is that good or bad ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` i am happy to be here as a family . 
 that must be the intention of god , '' aini said . 
 `` it 's good to hear you are happy , '' dan said . 
 it would have been around noon , i thought . 
 we were still there long after all the cars had left . 
 there was no sign of the flexi-bubble moving to a different location . 
 we knew we could n't control it . 
 a few times chris asked his general question `` what 's going to happen next ? '' 
 but nobody could answer . 
 the situation was gloomy . 
 the only bright thing among us was the bright scorching sun right above us . 
 i wondered why we were not getting burnt or feeling the warmth of the sun . 
 `` hey ! 
 we have been fully exposed to the sun for more than 5 hours , but we did n't feel warm or do n't seems to be getting sun burns . 
 any reason , you can think of ? '' 
 i asked an open question . 
 `` tony , we 're dead and do n't have any physical sensors anymore , '' dan said . 
 `` it is really due to that , but there can be another reason , '' chris 's tone was such i knew he had a technical answer . 
 `` what 's the other reason ? '' 
 dan asked immediately . 
 `` have you ever thought about why the glass is transparent ? '' 
 chris asked . 
 he saw our clueless looking faces and described his question further . 
 `` glass is solid and made of silica . 
 the silica atoms are closely packed to make glass . 
 but we see glass as transparent material . 
 are the atoms transparent ? '' 
 `` i have n't really thought about glass as compacted atoms before . 
 you said that question has some relevance to why we do n't feel the warmth , right ? 
 it 's puzzling , '' aini responded . 
 `` is it because the glass is considered as a highly viscous liquid ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` no . 
 that 's not the answer , '' chris said . 
 `` come on ! 
 chris , what is the answer ? '' 
 i begged . 
 `` i can explain , but you wo n't be able to understand with your half brain tony , '' chris and the others had their mild fun at my expense before he started explaining . 
 `` what we call light is actually a part of the whole spectrum of energies called the electromagnetic spectrum which covers radio waves , microwaves , x-rays and even radioactive rays . 
 when an energy beam hits a material either it gets reflected or absorbed . 
 or both these can happen at the same time at varying proportions . 
 if the energy gets absorbed , then the material changes in some way and usually gets heated . 
 if the energy gets reflected then nothing happens to the material and the surface looks white and shiny . 
 but in the case of glass the energy just passes through the atoms and comes out from the other side . 
 it is a material quality associated with the molecular structure . 
 the energy level of the light is not sufficient to make the material of glass anyway . 
 that is why pure glass is transparent . 
 this is not the case however with the ultra violet rays hitting glass . 
 glass absorbs uv rays . 
 this is why it 's hard to get a tan via light passing through a window . '' 
 `` what has that theory got to do with us not getting warm in the flexi-bubble ? '' 
 aini asked . 
 `` i was thinking the energy passing through a material depends on the material structure . 
 we do n't know what the flexi-bubble is made of . 
 so there can be something in the flexi-bubble material that prevents us from getting warm , '' chris explained . 
 `` it 's complicated chris , '' i said . 
 `` i knew you will not be able to understand . 
 take it easy tony , '' chris said . 
 i thought i must be more careful in selecting my words with chris next time . 
 `` brilliant stuff , chris , it is a pity that you 'll not be serving the general public anymore , '' dan said . 
 `` thanks dan , '' we were back into the silent mode . 
 ~ ~ ~ `` are we going to be here forever ? '' 
 chris asked . 
 no sooner had chris made this comment that the flexi-bubble started moving again . 
 it went up first and then towards the west . 
 this time we wondered whether it was going to our home town as it was heading in that direction . 
 it gathered speed . 
 we could n't gauge the speed as we were in a situation similar to an airplane flying at very high altitude . 
 it appeared we were almost still , but definitely we were moving at very high speed . 
 the landmarks we passed confirmed that we were n't wrong . 
 when the flexi-bubble came to a halt i could see dan 's house , chris 's house and my apartment from that spot . 
 all three places had more parked cars than usual and the reason was obvious to us . 
 after a brief pause the flexi-bubble started moving again . 
 it did n't take much time for us to understand where it was heading . 
 it was another burial ground . 
 the yellow robes of three buddhist monks we saw at a distance indicated it was dan 's funeral arrangement . 
 they were seated on a row of chairs covered with white cloths at the center of the gathering . 
 we were surprised at how quickly dan 's body was brought back to our home town . 
 dan recognized all his relatives and friends . 
 his mother was sobbing uncontrollably . 
 all of us gathered around dan to show our support . 
 his coffin was placed almost perpendicular to the rows of chairs where the buddhist monks were seated . 
 the people in front of the monks were seated on the carpet laid on the concrete surface . 
 all the others were standing behind them listening to what the monks were chanting . 
 dan 's immediate relatives took part in formal buddhist rituals . 
 a little later the buddhist monks left the scene . 
 dan 's body was then carried by relatives and friends to the crematorium about 50 feet away . 
 the coffin was taken around the crematorium three times before it was placed on the special platform . 
 a person who looked like the crematorium operator took over the coffin from there . 
 by pressing a button he made dan 's coffin move into the incinerator . 
 dan 's uncle ignited the burning system by pressing a button . 
 we saw the smoke coming out of the chimney . 
 dan was silent . 
 we patted dan to show our solidarity . 
 one by one the members of the gathering at the funeral , left . 
 dan 's eyes were on his mother . 
 she was helped by his uncle on her way back to the parking lot . 
 the smoke from the chimney was thinning out to the atmosphere . 
 `` my body must have turned into ashes by now , '' dan said breaking the silence and detaching us from the long line of events we were watching . 
 `` that 's life . 
 it 's strange that we see our own funerals , '' i said . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 aini asked dan . 
 `` yes , thank you . '' 
 suddenly the smoke coming from the chimney stopped . 
 at the same time the flexi-bubble started moving up and then towards the north . 
 it stopped over chris 's house . 
 i could see my apartment from that spot . 
 it was almost dark . 
 we did n't have a clue what time it was . 
 just as on the previous night we had sufficient light . 
 the moon was fuller than on the previous night . 
 we knew it was going to be another long night for us if the flexi-bubble 's schedule was going to show the funerals of chris 's and mine on the next day . 
 my psychic reading on the flexi-bubble 's schedule was based on experience we had so far . 
 however , who knows what tomorrow will bring forth ? 
 at times i wondered whether the flexi-bubble was remotely operated by another unforeseen person or power . 
 `` if there is such a possibility , who could be that person or the power ? '' 
 i would definitely venerate that person or power , as our destiny now solely depended on whoever person or power , was in charge . 
 though physical tiredness was n't applicable to us , we were bored . 
 when i wanted to make small talk to kill time , i saw aini was trying to ask something of dan . 
 `` dan , can you explain some of the rituals that were performed at your funeral ? '' 
 `` yes sure aini ! 
 one common practice is people wear white clothes . 
 the buddhist monks generally give a sermon emphasizing the non-permanent nature of our life . 
 the purpose of it is to console those who are grieving to come to terms with life . 
 at the end you saw my mother donating a gift to the monks . 
 that was to earn good merit for the departed . 
 buddhists have a tradition of transferring the good merits to the dead sprit to have a good rebirth . 
 people think it would be good to transfer merit in case the deceased is in an unpleasant afterlife situation . 
 i do n't buy this idea , but these are the psychotherapeutic treatments that the psyches of the grieving require , more than the deceased . 
 probably the buddha promoted these ideas for this reason . 
 then after seven days they will have an alms giving , in other words offer food to the monks . 
 family members and friends join these events . 
 this will be repeated after three months . 
 some buddhists make it an annual event . 
 all for the same reason of transferring merit , '' dan said . 
 `` was n't the gift given to the monks a white cloth ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you are right . 
 the rationale behind this is symbolic and the idea was to make sure if the dead person was born naked in a bad realm , the offering would help him to cover himself . 
 bit of a fancy idea , but imagine if i was naked here among all of you ? '' 
 dan said . 
 we all laughed . 
 `` i saw all your relatives jointly filling a bowl of water from a teapot . 
 what was that , dan ? '' 
 aini asked . 
 `` the water in the teapot represents the collective merits of the partakers of the gathering . 
 the bowl represents the departed one . 
 so , pouring water into the bowl until it overflows is a symbolic gesture of transferring the merit to the departed-one by the others , as an act of collective kindness . 
 there is a philosophical meaning to it too ; i can not remember what it is , '' dan said . 
 `` i know buddhism is considered more a philosophy than a religion . 
 it looks like you have studied it a lot , '' chris commented . 
 `` yes , to some extent , '' dan replied . 
 `` out of curiosity , what is enlightenment in buddhism ? '' 
 chris asked . 
 `` my view may be different to most buddhists ' thinking . 
 many buddhists may not agree with this view but several do , '' dan paused . 
 `` what 's your view ? '' 
 chris asked again . 
 `` in a nutshell the goal of the buddha 's teaching is to eliminate un-happiness . 
 many buddhists think this is achieved by ending the journey of the birth and death cycle . 
 buddhists define this as the nirvana . 
 hindus call this as moksha . 
 hindus consider life as some sort of energy , which sustains the birth-death-birth endless cycle . 
 when someone achieves moksha , in other words stops the life cycle , the life energy joins back the mass energy from which he or she came , similar to a drop of water falling back to the ocean . 
 hindus call the mass energy source `` brahma '' ; the `` god '' . 
 contrary to this belief , the cessation of mental unhappiness is what i think the buddha meant as enlightenment or nirvana . 
 though it 's difficult , un-happiness can be controlled and eliminated by developing your mind . 
 meditation is part of the method of developing and tweaking the mind process . 
 we need to understand that all bad thoughts we generate are the source for unhappiness . 
 nobody else but ourselves make us unhappy by generating unhappy thoughts . 
 having a well-developed thought process that could intentionally eliminate unhappy thoughts is what i think the enlightenment means . 
 if you achieve that state of mind control , you can enjoy the state of happiness or ` enlightenment ' while you are living . 
 i do n't interpret enlightenment as the elimination of rebirth . 
 this is my personal view , '' dan said . 
 `` that is a very philosophical explanation . 
 i have n't read or heard those concepts before , '' aini said . 
 `` that 's interesting dan . 
 you know a lot , '' chris said . 
 `` thanks , '' dan said . 
 `` aini , i 'm interested in knowing some of the rituals performed at muslim burials , '' dan said . 
 `` some of the primary things i know are washing the body and maintaining cleanliness . 
 we wrap the body with a cloth . 
 there are variations to this part of the ritual including the selection of the fabric , style and color of the cloth . 
 it all depends on one 's cultural background . 
 whatever 's selected will be simple and modest ; generally white cotton , '' aini paused to attend to sara and continued . 
 `` some even apply perfume on the body . 
 after the body is ready , it 'll be taken to the burial grounds . 
 then the well-wishers are allowed to pass on their respects and condolences . 
 when the muslim community gathers they offer collective prayers for the forgiveness of the dead . 
 that 's what you saw . '' 
 `` aini , i saw at the burial your coffin being lowered to the ground a few times before it was lowered to your grave . 
 was that a standard custom ? '' 
 `` i have been to only one muslim funeral as we do n't have many relatives or muslim friends in my hometown . 
 that was about 10 years ago . 
 when i asked my dad about those rituals , he told me that some customs were influenced by the earliest known religion in iran known as zoroastrianism . 
 by the way my parents are from iran . 
 zoroastrianism flourished in iran millennia ago and was gradually displaced by the later religious establishments in the country . 
 even buddhism had been practiced in iran for centuries but suffered the same fate , '' aini said . 
 `` what is zoroastrianism ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` it was founded by a prophet named zarathustra . 
 like the bible and quran they have a holy scripture called avesta . 
 avesta spells out all the rules , rituals and observances that need to be followed . 
 the hymns are called gathas , '' aini said . 
 `` i have heard about zoroastrianism . 
 my brother-in-law once told me that this is the oldest religion in the world going back to 1600 bc , making it older than abrahamic religions , '' i said . 
 `` i 've read about it as well , but whether it was the oldest religion is very speculative and debated , as the real date of when prophet zarathustra lived had not been established . 
 some scholars say it 's likely to be 650 bc , '' aini said . 
 `` the interesting thing is that prophet zarathustra was the first to teach about heaven & hell , individual judgment , resurrection of the body and the notion of virgin birth , '' i said . 
 `` what 's the name of their god and does this religion still exist ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` their god is called ahura mazda , meaning ` wise lord ' . 
 ahura mazda is a good god . 
 he created the world and all good things , including people . 
 they consider fire as the original light of god and hence fire holds a special place of esteem in their religion . 
 like satan , they have anghra mainyu , creator of all things evil , '' aini continued . 
 `` yes , it still exists and there are over 150,000 zoroastrians also known as persian or parsis ; mainly concentrated in iran and india , '' aini said . 
 `` amazing ! 
 it looks like you have read about this religion , a lot , '' i said . 
 `` yes , one time i was very interested in our history . '' 
 `` do any of you know when the burial practices started in human history ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` according to archeological findings , burial rituals have started a long time ago and date back to over 200,000 bc . 
 neanderthals and other hominids existed at the same time . 
 neanderthals just placed the dead in simple graves at that time . 
 no markers or goods placed in their graves like seen in the pyramids . 
 around 98,000 bc in the areas of france and belgium archeologists have discovered a ritual of de-fleshing of the dead for burial , '' i said . 
 `` it is interesting . 
 when did the neanderthals become extinct from earth ? '' 
 aini asked . 
 `` the archeologists could n't find neanderthal burials after around 25,000 bc . 
 this coincides with the modern man homo sapiens migrating to europe . 
 it looks like we have not been very kind to the neanderthals , like how chris treats me . 
 we are responsible for causing their disappearance from the earth , '' i said . 
 `` who knows ? 
 you guys might meet the neanderthals in heaven . 
 if you see them be kind , chris . '' 
 `` what were the burial rituals of the early homo sapiens ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` the early homo sapiens had a habit of coloring the body with red ochre . 
 that is a very red color mud found in many parts of the world including eastern europe . 
 also this is the time they started decorating the dead bodies with ornamental objects as a burial custom , '' i said . 
 `` i read about the ruins of the oldest civilization that were found recently in a place called göbekli tepe dating back to 9000 bc . 
 did they find any burial details ? '' 
 chris asked . 
 `` i 've read about göbekli tepe also , but i ca n't remember reading anything about burials there . 
 however archeologists believe it 's the oldest human-made place of worship yet discovered , '' i said . 
 `` your half brain still has stuff , tony . 
 very good ! 
 what else do you know about burial customs ? '' 
 chris was back to his fun making mood but i knew he was kindly disposed to me this time . 
 `` i know when egyptians mummified the bodies around 2500 bc they carefully removed all the organs and preserved those for the next life . 
 but , they scooped out the brain by using sharp tools through the nostrils and discarded it . 
 the brain did n't get any importance in the body since they thought the purpose of it was to cool the blood , like a radiator in a car , '' i said . 
 `` do n't you think you 're a good example to prove that egyptian 's assumption on the brain , tony ? '' 
 this was chris 's second comment on me but it lacked the kindness element . 
 `` ha , ha ! 
 you genius ! 
 can you tell me whether god created a neanderthal or homo sapiens ? 
 in other words , were adam and eve , neanderthals or homo sapiens ? '' 
 i asked thinking he would n't have an answer . 
 `` i would say a man with a brain , '' chris said . 
 chris was very clever to give that answer with a hidden trace of cynicism . 
 `` i do n't like to argue on that chris . 
 however , do you think someone can become or expect to behave like an adult without a childhood ? 
 that was really the case of adam ; a man without a childhood , '' i said . 
 `` whatever you think is right , is right , tony , '' chris dodged the question cleverly . 
 `` what 's good about having a religion is it creates a social structure that people love to have . 
 the structure brings a lot of interaction with each other and enhances social integration . 
 in my view , the belief aspect is secondary as the intention of all religions is to bring good to mankind , '' chris said . 
 `` chris is right , '' aini supported chris 's view . 
 `` i totally agree with you chris , '' dan said . 
 ~ ~ ~ the dawn of the next day came up sooner than expected . 
 the birds were chirping and the roads were getting busy just like the previous morning . 
 i was very sad to see the vacant swing in front of chris 's house sara used just before the trip , and she would never be on that again . 
 sara probably could n't identify that it was their house as the aerial views were too complex for her mind . 
 the flexi-bubble started moving . 
 it was an immediate indication that something exciting was going to happen . 
 from the place it finally stopped at , we saw a funeral procession coming out . 
 i have been to this funeral parlor a few times before . 
 it was one of the bush funeral service buildings in the area about 6 miles from my apartment . 
 about 15 vehicles were following the hearse . 
 my sister 's car was just behind the hearse . 
 that told me who was in the hearse . 
 an important guy to me ! 
 i realized it was leading to the same crematorium where dan 's cremation took place . 
 the flexi-bubble moved again and stopped at the exact place where it stopped for dan 's funeral as it was a designated parking place for bubbles . 
 the coffin was carried straight to the crematorium operator . 
 it was kept on the pad that takes the coffins to the incinerator . 
 the operator waited until all the people gathered there . 
 my great college friend and `` guru '' joe was standing next to my coffin . 
 we have been keeping in touch regularly . 
 however , i had not spoken to him in over two months . 
 joe is a professor at harvard and had two phds . 
 one was in philosophy and the other in mythology . 
 he 's a close follower of professor joseph campbell . 
 he was responsible for making me think rationally on religious beliefs , paranormal and superstitious ideas . 
 he helped me to understand and re-evaluate all dogmatic concepts and ideas through a gradual self-realization process . 
 i 'm really indebted to him for taking me through that process . 
 though we both did n't believe in afterlife we had a pact . 
 that was to communicate with the other if we ever experience anything after death . 
 so , it was my duty to somehow communicate with him to indicate there is an afterlife . 
 he would be the happiest person to know about it from me as his best friend . 
 how can i do that ? 
 it was my responsibility to tell him . 
 i told this loudly to all my friends in the flexi-bubble . 
 all of us knew joe because of my friendship . 
 dan suggested trying something like telepathy . 
 i kept concentrating on his brain to see whether he could receive any signals from me that way . 
 i was trying my best to keep my concentration on his brain , sending a stream of brain waves requesting him to look up as an indication of receiving my message . 
 it would have been better if i was closer as the frequencies of our brainwaves are poor in transmitting far . 
 i tried it over 15 minutes , but he was n't moving . 
 i was sure others in the flexi-bubble were doing the same . 
 for the very first time i had a bad feeling to judge him as a dud . 
 he was more rigid than my dead body . 
 i was n't sure whether he was stunned because of my signals or whether he had forgotten about our pact all together . 
 his posture was the same even after i gave up all my attempts . 
 a few of my friends , colleagues and relatives touched the coffin to convey their last salute to my body . 
 joe was the last to move out after the operator pressed the button to get my coffin into the incinerator . 
 the first smoke emitted from the chimney was thick black . 
 i was sure it was n't from my body , as it takes a few minutes to burn through the coffin . 
 i was n't sad nor had i any emotional feelings . 
 i felt sorry to see joe , my sister and others , probably for the last time . 
 chris , dan and aini stood close to me when all that was taking place . 
 `` tony , you did n't want to have any religious ritual , right ? '' 
 aini asked . 
 `` when i came to this world i did n't have a religion like the very first man on earth . 
 i wanted to exit that way . 
 you know me , right ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` you had the way you wanted , '' chris said . 
 `` oh ! 
 yes . 
 i 'm very happy about it , '' i said . 
 `` what did you want to do with your ashes ? '' 
 chris asked . 
 `` just discarded . 
 but i know some people make diamonds from ashes , '' i said . 
 `` diamonds ! '' 
 aini was surprised . 
 `` i 'm not joking . 
 do you know there are companies who do that ? '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 `` yes , as bones and diamonds are made of carbon they can do this . 
 though it 's an expensive process , the diamonds made of your loved ones ashes can be worn all the time . 
 i hear these companies keep part of the ash to make extra ones if you lose the original , '' i said . 
 `` unbelievable ! '' 
 aini said . 
 `` there are companies who make concrete spheres by mixing ash remains with corals . 
 if the deceased was an ocean-lover they place these spheres in private beaches for a fee . 
 their friends ' spheres can also join the same beach if they wish to sign up with these companies . 
 also , there are companies who undertake spreading the ash into deep space through space rockets . 
 their families can look up into the sky and say their loved ones are up there , '' i said . 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 aini asked . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 a few hours passed . 
 i loudly predicted that the flexi-bubble would take us to chris 's funeral next . 
 nobody cared as it was obvious . 
 it could happen at any time . 
 perhaps , lily may have a funeral too after chris 's . 
 we were n't sure whether that would happen as we did n't see lily 's dead body . 
 `` dan , what happened to lily 's body ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that 's a big puzzle to me . 
 did any of you see lily 's body at the site of the accident ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` none of us saw lily 's body . 
 i think lily would have been thrown out of the suv first , since she was n't trapped by a seat belt , '' i said . 
 lily looked at us a few times as she heard her name . 
 we started chit chatting to kill time . 
 suddenly , a large flock of canadian geese flew past us . 
 we thought they would hit us as they were coming directly towards us . 
 sara shouted with excitement to get our attention . 
 `` unbelievable ! 
 did you realize the birds flew around the flex-bubble without hitting it ? '' 
 dan said . 
 `` they saw us ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` is it possible ? '' 
 aini asked . 
 `` i always thought the flexi-bubble had special properties . 
 just like my earlier explanation i have something to say on what you saw just now , '' chris said . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 `` you know in jungles there are huge spider webs , which are meant to catch insects . 
 spiders take a few days to weave these large webs . 
 the problem for them is , if birds fly across the web they have to weave the web again . '' 
 before chris explained it fully dan asked , `` so , what is the connection ? '' 
 `` the connection is the thread the spider makes has a special chemical that can reflect ultra violet rays . 
 birds can see uv rays . 
 so , birds flying towards the webs visualize the web as big barrier and avoid those . 
 maybe the flexi-bubble has some properties like that the birds can see , '' chris said . 
 `` chris i have n't heard that before . 
 that is a very interesting fact . 
 you are teaching us things even after your death . 
 thanks ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' chris said . 
 `` some glass companies in germany use this principle and add a special chemical to the glass to prevent migratory birds hitting the glass in tall buildings . '' 
 `` there must be so many things in nature we 're unaware of , '' dan said . 
 ~ ~ ~ by judging the position of the sun , we knew it was evening . 
 unexpectedly the flexi-bubble started moving again . 
 we all shrieked with excitement . 
 this time it was n't moving horizontally but it was rotating 360 degree circles in the same place . 
 it made three rotations very slowly giving us a panoramic view of our hometown . 
 then it started moving to the east . 
 my guess on its new destination was perfect when i saw a cemetery with hundreds of crosses standing tall . 
 it was a beautiful cemetery . 
 we knew the intention of the flexi-bubble was to show us chris 's funeral . 
 chris was very excited , but still and silent . 
 we gathered around him . 
 we saw the huge crowd as we approached the burial spot . 
 the coffin was already there surrounded by an orderly crowd . 
 all were seated in the rows of chairs that were pre-arranged . 
 `` we should have come here a little earlier , '' i said , making a complaint about the flexi-bubble 's lethargy . 
 chris 's parents , sisters , nieces , nephew , aini 's parents and the priest were the closest to the coffin . 
 they were in the front row . 
 chris started telling us who they were one by one . 
 i remembered some of them at chris 's wedding . 
 the priest was a family friend . 
 chris 's father had probably chosen him to conduct the funeral service . 
 there were a lot of his friends and office colleagues . 
 we saw the picture of aini and sara placed on top of the coffin . 
 the coffin looked grand and probably made out of oak or pine . 
 i presumed sara knew what was going on , though she never stopped her questioning . 
 the priest started the funeral service . 
 he opened with , `` we brought nothing into the world , and we take nothing out . 
 the lord gave , and the lord has taken away ; blessed be the name of the lord . 
 blessed are those who mourn , for they will be comforted . '' 
 he kept on reading bible verses as hymns were sung intermittently . 
 the crowd joined in voicing some of the readings . 
 the eulogy was given by chris ' sister . 
 that was followed by chris ' eight year old nephew reading aloud some memories he had of good times with his uncle chris . 
 there was humor initially in his speech but it had a sad ending . 
 after the commendation prayers were over it was time for the burial . 
 we saw the coffin descending into the grave very slowly . 
 the grave was gradually filled up with soil . 
 the crowed started moving out . 
 many people spoke to chris 's parents and his close relatives before leaving . 
 some went back to sign the guest book . 
 chris was gazing at the thinning crowd . 
 aini kept on consoling him . 
 `` hey ! 
 chris , are you ok ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i will be , thanks , '' chris said . 
 the sun was still shining from the western hemisphere when the flexi-bubble started moving again . 
 it was moving west . 
 we had to say goodbye to our hometown when it gathered speed . 
 within seconds we realized it was following the route we took on the fatal day of the accident . 
 it stopped at the exact place where we had the accident . 
 there were still parts of the suv but the main chassis was n't to be seen . 
 the brake mark of the trailer on the road was still visible . 
 lily started barking continuously . 
 dan managed to stop her with some effort . 
 down below there was a recently disturbed patch of soil and dan pointed out that to us . 
 there were some dead flowers on top of this soil hump . 
 we guessed it was lily 's grave . 
 probably the rescue crew buried her . 
 dan was happy to see lily 's mystery was solved . 
 the flexi-bubble started moving again . 
 this time it was dan who said we were going towards the monument valley . 
 he was right . 
 we reached it pretty quickly . 
 we were very happy to see the scenic view with the sunset . 
 dan enjoyed it very much though he lost his dream of taking the pictures he wanted . 
 the flexi-bubble was very kind to slow down and take us from place to place until the sun gradually sank into the western horizon . 
 the sky was still breathtakingly beautiful with red , orange and gray colors . 
 it was dark when the flexi-bubble started speeding up again . 
 it was moving south . 
 chris immediately said we may see las vegas if it continues moving in the same direction , as he had an inbuilt gps . 
 chris was right . 
 within a few minutes we saw the spectacular display of lights of sin city . 
 the flexi-bubble hovered over the las vegas strip giving us an extravagant hawk 's eye view . 
 the excitement on sara 's face showed how much she enjoyed it . 
 the water fountains that danced to blasting music in front of the bellagio were fantastic to watch . 
 we hovered along the strip from north to south a few times covering the action packed streets . 
 i would n't mind staying there for the rest of my dead life . 
 after about an hour the flexi-bubble started moving again . 
 it took us to the back of a hotel where we saw a few parked trucks . 
 a little later i realized it was the back of a restaurant . 
 we saw six people tossing out loads of food into the trucks . 
 the variety of food items they threw out was unimaginable . 
 we saw three trucks leaving with food filled up to the crest . 
 then , the flexi-bubble took us to another restaurant where the same operation was taking place . 
 `` chris , it looks like the flexi-bubble is trying to show us the food wastage in vegas , '' i said . 
 `` it 's definitely trying to teach us something . 
 i ca n't understand why ? 
 i 've read las vegas sends over 9,000 tons of trash to landfills every day , and the bulk of it is food trash , '' chris said . 
 `` that 's a lot , '' aini said . 
 `` i 've read that industrialized countries waste over two hundred million tons of food annually . 
 that 's a hell of a lot , too , '' chris said . 
 `` i also know every year 15 million children die of hunger . '' 
 anyway , it was too late for us to know about any of these things unless we get another chance to live life . 
 the food waste at colossal levels deserves another look by someone . 
 after the half hour teaching lesson to us by the flexi-bubble , it went up and started moving towards the south east . 
 it did n't take much time for us to realize it was taking us to a distant place . 
 when it finally stopped we knew it was over an african country . 
 it was evident by looking at the people . 
 the bare land stretched for acres . 
 the very little green vegetation seen here and there , made us realize the barren nature of the area . 
 probably there had been no rains for several months . 
 the few corn bushes that we saw had only dried leaves and no cobs . 
 the tiny huts we saw were actual human dwellings . 
 the people including children were weak and definitely malnourished . 
 they did n't have electricity or any other basic utilities . 
 not even basic sanitary facilities . 
 the clothes the adults wore barely covered their bodies . 
 most of the children were naked and were covered in dust . 
 the squinted eyes of adults and children had a plea for help . 
 the way sara was asking questions from aini , i knew she was surprised and shocked . 
 we found it emotionally difficult to keep looking at all those horrendous conditions of people . 
 a few times i purposely looked elsewhere . 
 i felt guilty of having those thoughts and realized my death has not changed me into a kinder person . 
 i wanted the flexi-bubble to move . 
 `` the life expectancy of these people must be very low . 
 it 's a pity that these people die from hunger when places like las vegas toss out truckloads of food daily , '' chris said that with a deep pain and inner feeling . 
 what we observed during the last few hours showed us the appalling side of human life on earth that we had never ever imagined . 
 we could n't believe the extreme difference between these two conditions . 
 in one place of the world it was the luxury and waste in gigantic proportion and in the other place it was poverty and starvation to an unimaginable level . 
 why could n't these situations balance each other ? 
 what have these poor children done to undergo such a miserable life while people in another part of the world enjoy luxury and an abundance of food ? 
 is this nature , super power , karma or what ? 
 i wondered . 
 i would n't know what to do even if i get another chance to go back to the physical world . 
 all of us chattered about the inequality and wondered why we were subjected to exposure of these two extremes by the flexi-bubble . 
 `` what will happen to us next ? '' 
 chris asked his familiar question after a few minutes of silence . 
 as the flexi-bubble appeared to have responded to chris , it started moving again . 
 first it went up and then started speeding up towards the east . 
 `` i 'd like it if it stops at a nice place this time , '' aini said as if she was getting ready for a guided tour . 
 `` so , would i , '' said dan . 
 `` i 'd like to see the pyramids and coliseums , '' i said loudly and wanted the flexi-bubble to consider it . 
 the way it was moving , i realized it was not going to stop . 
 the altitude was becoming higher and higher with its increasing speed . 
 after about forty minutes we saw the entire earth behind us . 
 from the higher elevation , the views we saw were just similar to the views from the space shuttle . 
 after a few more minutes we knew we were thousands of miles away from the earth . 
 `` pretty soon we will be closer to the moon , '' chris said . 
 `` it looks like we are moving away from the moon , '' dan said . 
 `` dan , you are right . 
 look at the size of the moon . 
 it 's the size of a tennis ball , '' chris said . 
 the location of the moon at that time was on the far side of the earth . 
 the size of the earth was about the size of the moon as we see from earth . 
 though we did n't know the intention of the flexi-bubble , i had a feeling that it would n't come back to earth again . 
 `` then , where are we heading to ? 
 may be its taking us to another planet in the solar system or to heaven as people believe , '' i wondered seriously . 
 sara kept both aini and chris busy with her new stream of questions . 
 aini kept sara close to her . 
 the little bit of comfort we had when the flexi-bubble was hovering over the earth was gone now . 
 our destination was unknown . 
 the situation could worsen at any moment . 
 `` if we get separated at any time it would be sad , '' i said aloud . 
 `` do you guys have any idea where we are heading to ? '' 
 i asked as i could n't keep quiet . 
 `` we 're definitely going away from the earth . 
 and as i said earlier i think we are heading to heaven , '' aini said . 
 she had a definite confidence in her voice in stating that . 
 though i joke most times , anxiety overtook me . 
 `` why do you think we are heading to heaven ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that 's common knowledge . 
 believe me , '' aini said . 
 `` what do you think , chris , dan ? '' 
 i asked `` aini must be right , '' chris said . 
 `` well , it is very possible , '' dan said at the same time . 
 i was n't sure of that as i still had a lot of doubts about the concept of heaven . 
 but at that moment i decided to leave aside my philosophical ideas and go along with their idea , as i felt enormously happy in embracing the idea of heaven . 
 at that very moment something strange happened . 
 the flexi-bubble disintegrated . 
 it did n't burst , but it shot us out from it at a lightning speed . 
 oh my god ! 
 we were n't in a flexi-bubble anymore . 
 all of us were moving together in the same direction at tremendous speeds . 
 aini and chris were at the front leading the line with sara . 
 behind them was dan with lily . 
 i was the last in the group . 
 `` the flexi-bubble is gone . 
 can you guys breathe ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` remember we are dead , tony , '' chris reminded me . 
 this time he was serious . 
 i looked back at the earth and i could n't believe the size of it . 
 it was about the size of a tennis ball and the moon was like a golf ball . 
 the earth was still shining like a blue gem in the pitch dark background . 
 i had a proud feeling of the place i was coming from . 
 i immediately asked others to look back . 
 all were surprised and admired the beauty of our mother earth . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 it was sara who asked chris 's question this time . 
 chris looked at aini . 
 `` we 're going to heaven darling , '' was aini 's answer . 
 sara was thrilled hearing that , without understanding that this could be our last journey . 
 dan was silent and he had lily close by . 
 the feelings i had was very similar to the feeling i have had in astral flights in dreams when i was a kid . 
 as the speed gathered i realized the gap between each of us was gradually increasing . 
 the distance among us widened with time . 
 we could n't talk to each other anymore . 
 `` are we really heading to heaven ? '' 
 i thought , and this thought kept repeating in my mind like the sound produced by a damaged vinyl record . 
 suddenly , there was a huge bluish glow in front of us . 
 it was getting brighter and gave us a welcoming feeling . 
 what hit my mind was paul simon 's song named `` afterlife '' . 
 this was one of my favorite songs that i listen to in my suv all the time . 
 here are the lyrics of `` afterlife . '' 
 after i died , and the makeup had dried , i went back to my place . 
 no moon that night , but a heavenly light shone on my face . 
 still i thought it was odd , there was no sign of god just to usher me in . 
 then a voice from above , sugar coated with love , said , `` let us begin '' . 
 you got to fill out a form first , and then you wait in the line . 
 you got to fill out a form first , and then you wait in the line . 
 ok , a new kid in school , got to follow the rule , you got to learn the routine . 
 woah , there 's a girl over there , with the sunshiny hair , like a homecomin ' queen . 
 i said , `` hey , what you say ? 
 it 's a glorious day , by the way how long you been dead ? '' 
 maybe you , maybe me , maybe baby makes three , but she just shook her head ... you got to fill out a form first , and then you wait in the line . 
 you got to fill out a form first , and then you wait in the line . 
 buddha and moses and all the noses from narrow to flat , had to stand in the line , just to glimpse the divine , what you think about that ? 
 well it seems like our fate to suffer and wait for the knowledge we seek . 
 it 's all his design , no one cuts in the line , no one here likes a sneak you got to fill out a form first , and then you wait in the line . 
 you got to fill out a form first , and then you wait in the line . 
 after you climb , up the ladder of time , the lord god is near . 
 face to face , in the vastness of space , your words disappear . 
 and you feel like swimming in an ocean of love , and the current is strong . 
 but all that remains when you try to explain is a fragment of song ... lord is it , be bop a lu la or ooh poppa do lord , be bop a lu la or ooh poppa do be bop a lu la the beauty of the glow could n't be explained by words . 
 it was a clear indication that we were close to heaven as stated in the song . 
 within seconds the heavenly glow was all around us just as we were travelling through colored clouds . 
 we could see each other very well . 
 though aini was far from me she looked back and indicated to me with a hand gesture she was right in her prediction of heaven . 
 i acknowledge her gesture with a full smile . 
 she was happier than ever . 
 faces of dan and chris were glowing with happiness . 
 i was very happy too . 
 what more can we expect than this ! 
 the ultimate place of pleasure , after all . 
 we were still moving through the glow but now at a slower speed just like an aircraft coming to land . 
 have we got to fill out a form and stand in line , as it says in the song , i was thinking . 
 it seemed not . 
 it seems to be a more advanced place than that . 
 no paper forms . 
 i saw holographic consoles in front of us . 
 a huge screen console reserved per person . 
 sara and lily did n't have the screens . 
 the screens were n't rectangular but had odd shapes with flat display . 
 with the little knowledge of computers , i thought the screen resolutions were better than 1080p . 
 i could n't read what appeared on other 's screens as those were far away from me . 
 when letters started appearing on my screen i gave my full attention to it . 
 the heading was , `` your history '' in large fonts . 
 it had my name , the date of birth and the family details at the top . 
 then it started jotting down all my past activities from childhood ; one by one as it knew my whole history . 
 at that moment i had a perfect memory capable of verifying all the events that appeared on the screen . 
 all facts , the good and the bad , were dead accurate and i did n't have any doubt about any of them . 
 the line items kept moving up like the text in a movie screen giving me sufficient time to read . 
 if i looked elsewhere the screen stopped until i brought back my attention . 
 i was surprised when it flashed the incident of me hiding our math teacher 's eye glasses when he left to the rest room . 
 that was when i was 14 years old and it was because my friend had incited me . 
 i do n't know whether that will have a negative impact on my entry marks to heaven . 
 hope not ! 
 i was already punished for it by the school principal with after-school detention . 
 taking ten dollars from my sister 's purse without her knowledge came up as well . 
 that was when i was 16 . 
 but later on she knew it was me who did it and i was scolded amply . 
 so , i should be excused . 
 i decided not to write in this essay some of the naughty ones that appeared . 
 after a full run up , up to the time of my death , the holographic screen swiftly disappeared . 
 i thought my overall report was pretty good , if that was the form i was supposed to fill according to the song . 
 but i am not the judge . 
 i did n't have any clue of the entry requirements either . 
 moreover , i did n't know whether this is aini 's heaven or chris 's heaven or one of the thousands of heavens dan explained . 
 intermittently i had a feeling of getting rejected . 
 if that happens what would happen to me ? 
 i am not yet 40 . 
 so , as aini said i still have a chance to get judged as a `` non-mature person '' . 
 my mind was thinking harder and harder . 
 we came to a complete stop in the weightless environment . 
 a great sensation ran through my body for the first time after i became a soul . 
 `` am i gradually getting re-constructed with flesh and blood ? '' 
 i wondered . 
 i saw a door opening about 100 ft in front of us . 
 it was n't a conventional door but a curved opening . 
 as it was at an angle i could n't see what was inside . 
 the glow inside was light orange and exceptionally soothing to the eye . 
 i saw aini , chris and sara automatically getting sucked into the entrance . 
 sara was the first to enter . 
 i saw a beautiful halo appearing over sara 's head just before she was taken in . 
 the suction action moved all of us towards the entrance still maintaining the distance between us . 
 just before aini and chris went in , both waved at dan and me . 
 they were very happy . 
 i did n't see them after . 
 after about three minutes dan was taken in , leaving lily at the entrance . 
 dan waved at me before entry . 
 lily started barking nonstop . 
 for a moment i though lily will not have a chance to enter heaven . 
 i was wrong . 
 a minute later lily was taken in as well . 
 it was my turn next . 
 every minute seemed like an hour to me . 
 i was n't sure whether i 'd be taken in or not . 
 i was about 30 feet from the entrance but still could n't see anything inside . 
 when i was about 10 ft away from the entrance the orange glow suddenly turned to pale red . 
 with the transparency it created , i saw a bell hanging at the entry way . 
 unexpectedly , the bell started ringing . 
 the sound was not pleasant ; like a fire alarm . 
 it was so loud that i found it almost unbearable . 
 my hand automatically reacted to stop the irritating noise . 
 when i got up i realized it was my alarm that was blaring . 
 i looked around to see where i was . 
 it took me some time to come to my senses and realize it was a dream . 
 what a dream that was ! 
 i spent over fifteen minutes still in bed thinking of all the events that took place . 
 it was fascinating and scary . 
 in the midst of all that , i was proud of the fact that my beliefs were still intact . 
 that 's the nature of our psyche , i thought . 
 what caused me to have such a dream ? 
 i was thinking of what i might have done differently before i went to bed . 
 may be the sri lankan beer i drank for the first time . 
 i looked at the time and it was 8.00 am . 
 i knew i had to go to work for the meeting at 10 . 
 after having a shower i got dressed up and took my bags to the suv . 
 on the way to work i picked up my coffee at starbucks . 
 i turned on my cd . 
 it started playing the song `` after i died , and the makeup had dried , i ... ... , '' i turned it off immediately . 
 just after i got out from my suv , my phone rang . 
 it was dan . 
 `` hi ! 
 dan , what 's up ? '' 
 `` tony , do you think you can get out of the meeting a little early ? '' 
 dan asked . 
 i said , `` i will let you know , dan , '' and hung up . 
 i was thinking whether i 'm going back to the future i had already experienced . 
 the feeling i had , ca n't be explained ; it was scary , awful , and weird with plenty of thrilling elements induced by the dream . 
 am i heading for disaster ? 
 should i cancel the trip ? 
 however much i tried to convince myself not to be superstitious , the inner voice in me was dragging me in that direction . 
 what do you think ? 
 should i tell my friends about the dream ? 
 it is tough . 
 can you tell me what i should do ? 
 i need your help on this conundrum . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` dreams have only one owner at a time . 
 that 's why dreamers are lonely '' -- erma bombeck 
