 quantum gate by daniel betts copyright © daniel betts 2013 smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 remember the best way to support an author is to buy and rate their work isbn : 978-1-62890-323-2 timeline : thirteen years , three months , 2 days and 6 hours before the battle of earth . 
 chapter one - anomaly tendrils of lightning snake away from a dark circular event horizon forming above a bright blue and white world . 
 in the distance , a single red moon appears to observe , its cratered landscape mimicking a sad face . 
 a golden dragon soars through the center of the sparking maelstrom , performing a lively double barrel roll . 
 the sparking portal flashes and extinguishes . 
 the dragon , the light from a yellow sun glinting off its shiny golden scales , dramatically flaps its leathery appearing wings while moving its knobby head from side to side , scanning the space around it with glowing blue eyes . 
 its jaws snap open and a brief flash emits from the back of its throat . 
 a blue streak of light exits the golden dragon 's mouth . 
 the streak enters the gravity well of the planet and slides into a low orbit . 
 slowing , it reveals itself to be a silver cylinder with rounded ends and dozens of whisker like antennae . 
 the golden dragon soars forward , suddenly spins about and holds its position , wings outstretched . 
 it looks out at the velvet expanse of space filled with distant stars . 
 the dragon 's blue eyes suddenly widen , its jaw dropping in awe . 
 space is suddenly filled with thousands of sparking jump portals , a unique dragon gliding smoothly through each swirling event horizon . 
 the golden dragon nods its head with approval , but suddenly appears to gasp once more . 
 a monumental jump portal flashes and sparks into existence . 
 long blue tendrils of energy twist and snake about a circular black event horizon menacingly . 
 the golden dragon flaps its wings , glides about and soars ahead to take the lead of the massive dragon armada , multiple flashes dotting space as portals extinguish . 
 a dark-hulled stellated dodecahedron glides through the monumental maelstrom and begins to follow behind the advancing armada . 
 with a sudden burst of energy , the great jump portal extinguishes . 
 suddenly , and without warning , the skies above the blue planet are filled with an additional thousand more sparking spitting jump portals . 
 a second armada of dragons soars through the many event horizons . 
 these dragons appear to have more uniform appearances , with dark scales and sharing a red clenched fist symbol emblazoned on their chests . 
 like a highly synchronized flock of birds , this second dark armada quickly changes course to close upon the first at high speed . 
 immediately bright blue and red particle beams , pulse cannon flashes and streaks of spawn missiles are unleashed from both fleets , filling and brightening the closing gap between them . 
 waves of energy from thousands of pulse shield activations ripple through space . 
 the shields shimmer around bright flashes surrounding each dragon . 
 the dragons soar at each other with claws extended and jaws agape . 
 the vacuum of space hides the deafening crash of thousands of dragonships colliding into each other . 
 with claws scratching , tails snapping and jaws biting , the daily slaughter of the thousand-year galactic war continues . 
 doctor phoebe asgard stands tall and stiff on an empty platform looking at a giant holoscreen depicting the slaughter above the blue planet just beyond the firing range of the stellated dodecahedron ; a colossus class attack platform . 
 phoebe holds a wrinkled grey fist under her chin , her elbow resting on her other arm that she wraps just under her small breasts . 
 she wears a white and blue jumpsuit . 
 her hair is short and barely covers her ears . 
 her face is pale and wrinkled . 
 her grey eyes watching the growing cloud of debris and frozen fluids forming at the center of the dragon brawl . 
 `` wraith , what planet is that ? '' 
 phoebe asks curiously , her voice smooth . 
 `` planet v34-21a . '' 
 a soft male voice declares happily . 
 the voice seems to surround her . 
 `` it was once a imperium trading center but was destroyed during an orbital bombardment ten years ago and has never been rebuilt . 
 its proper name was dalles . '' 
 `` i specifically requested a clear system . 
 why are we under attack ? '' 
 phoebe asks curiously . 
 `` it is hard to know for certain but the most likely explanation is chance , '' wraith declares . 
 `` chance ? 
 you mean a pax imperium armada just happened to be patrolling here ? '' 
 phoebe questioned doubtfully . 
 `` the pax imperium has impressive numbers , doctor , so yes it is a possibility . 
 it is very likely that reinforcements will arrive shortly . 
 do you wish to postpone your meeting with the council ? '' 
 wraith asks thoughtfully . 
 `` not at all . 
 please proceed with the transmission , '' phoebe orders . 
 `` it will take months to arrange another call to the capital . '' 
 `` very well , doctor . '' 
 wraith replies . 
 the holoscreen suddenly splits into four pieces , twirls about and moves to equal distances around the front of the great room . 
 four elderly faces appear on each screen , two men and two women all wearing blue and gold jumpsuits but each wearing a distinctive cap with a golden dragon insignia at its center . 
 `` greetings , council of the confederacy , '' phoebe greets blandly . 
 phoebe places her hand over her heart and offers a quick bow of her head . 
 all four heads seem to nod , but their eyes are empty and devoid of any emotion . 
 one of them speaks with a slow even drawl , `` doctor asgard , we have reviewed your report , however you should know that we find your conclusions on the verge of insubordination . 
 despite our reservations , since you are a respected member of the science service we have agreed to hear you at this time . '' 
 `` my sincerest thanks . 
 you should know , i requested this meeting six months ago and i. . . '' 
 `` surely doctor , you are not going to waste time complaining about our very busy schedule , we are trying to win a war after all , '' the female councilwoman on the center screen scolds angrily with a creaky rough voice . 
 her eyes narrow angrily and her nostrils flare . 
 `` of course not your worship , i just wanted to add that since my request six months ago , the anomaly i mentioned in my report has become much more pronounced , '' phoebe explains . 
 she moves her hands behind her back and holds them tightly . 
 `` please proceed doctor and no further interruptions . 
 doctor , you have two minutes , '' the councilman on the far right declares with impatience . 
 he appears to glance at the angry councilwoman with disgust . 
 phoebe takes a breath and begins to explain in a calm smooth voice . 
 `` as you all know the home planet of the pax imperium fell over twelve months ago and for all intents and purposes the war should have ended , however while the political power behind the imperium was destroyed and the population all but decimated , the war machine attached to it has not . 
 the imperium 's biosynth factories continue to build ships and warriors and send them into battle despite the absence of command and control . 
 `` our transmissions ordering their surrender have had no effect and as far as we can tell the biosynth are coordinating and organizing their own strategies in the absence of human commanders . 
 `` my division has been trying to piece together what has gone wrong , as the pax biosynths appear to have violated several programming safeguards . 
 our best conclusion is that the biosynths themselves have rejected their own protocols and are now acting on their own . '' 
 `` yes , that is in your report . 
 it is a very disturbing conclusion , doctor , but seems highly unlikely , after all , if that were true our biosynths would start doing the same thing , '' the councilman second from the left retorts angrily . 
 `` after all the origin of the biosynths , both pax and confederacy , are the same . '' 
 `` actually , your worship , that is not only likely , it has already begun . 
 just this morning i reviewed a report that an entire armada of our ships jumped into a battle area prior to being ordered to do so , '' phoebe replies . 
 the four admirals all appeared to blink at the same time , yet their eyes remain as emotionless as ever . 
 `` there is only one solution that i would implore this council to immediately execute . 
 failure to do so could result in the extinction of civilization , '' phoebe declares sternly . 
 all but one member of the elderly council grunts and rolls their eyes . 
 the one that does n't , the last on the right , groans , `` please , doctor your alarmist viewpoint does not do you justice . '' 
 `` with all do respect , your worships , from one corner of this galaxy to the other there are thousands of biosynth factories building war machines for both sides of this terrible conflict . 
 there are enough resources in this galaxy to continue this war for another millennium whether humans are around to coordinate it or not . 
 your worships , our only choice is to surrender to the pax imperium . '' 
 `` absolutely not ! '' 
 the angry female councilwoman declares , nose flaring obscenely . 
 the others appear to grumble and shake their heads in agreement . 
 `` your worships , please listen . 
 if we surrender , the imperium forces will stop their attacks and hold to await further orders . 
 once this happens we can get to their central cores , figure out how to emulate their protocols and order their vessels to stand down permanently . 
 our division chiefs all agree that this strategy will work . 
 if we wait too long however , the anomaly i spoke of may have become so pronounced that even surrender wo n't work . '' 
 `` surrender is not an option , doctor . 
 you need to go back to your division and come up with a different solution ! '' 
 the angry female councilwoman declares , spit flying from her mouth . 
 `` doctor , we can not agree with any of your conclusions . 
 the biosynth have never , in a thousand years defied our directions . 
 clearly our goal is to defeat the imperium forces ship-to-ship , factory-to-factory . 
 their home maybe gone , but there might be other bases from which the imperium is still directing these attacks . '' 
 the councilman on the far right suggests . 
 `` this meeting is over , doctor , '' the angry councilwoman decides . 
 all four screens go blank simultaneously . 
 phoebe releases a long sigh . 
 after a minute of staring at her feet she looks up . 
 `` wraith , signal dragonship blade . '' 
 the four empty holoscreens rush together to become one large screen again . 
 blade 's dark face appears on the screen , surrounded by stars , his blue eyes glowing , three sharp horns sticking out of his knobby forehead . 
 `` doctor asgard , were you successful ? '' 
 blade asks in his deep booming voice . 
 `` i am afraid not , my friend , '' phoebe declares sadly . 
 `` you and i know the consequences of their inaction . 
 the biosynths will destroy your home planet and the two armadas will endlessly fight each other in slaughter until the end of time , '' blade reminds her . 
 `` i know , '' phoebe replies . 
 she closes her eyes . 
 `` we have to proceed with our own plans , how many have you managed to recruit ? '' 
 `` warrior , rapier and starcrusher have each recruited ten more dragonships , crews and squads . 
 it is becoming easier for us to identify those with enlightened programming . 
 our doctor hartman has concluded that most of the new integrations will be tainted with the anomaly . 
 this means , within six months the biosynths will likely turn against their biological masters , it is inevitable . '' 
 blade declares emphatically . 
 `` this could also explain the easy defeat at the pax imperium capital twelve months ago . '' 
 phoebe nods her head and looks at her feet with loss in her eyes . 
 `` have warrior report to doctor hartman in bay seventy-five . 
 are you still able to convince your biotech specialist that you 're having system problems ? '' 
 `` the deception is wearing thin . 
 there is a rumor the council is planning a new offensive soon , which will strain my cover significantly . '' 
 blade snorts . 
 `` be subtle , but inform the others a signal is coming . 
 doctor hartman and i will begin the calculations for a quantum gate . '' 
 phoebe declares . 
 `` doctor , while all our recruits are very enthusiastic about abandoning the slaughter , many are questioning our capability to jump that far , '' blade warns , his eyes narrowing . 
 `` then you will have to reassure them , we have no choice , despite the risks , '' phoebe replies coldly . 
 she looks up at blade suspiciously . 
 blade stared back for an uncomfortable moment . 
 `` many lives are at stake , '' he reminds her . 
 `` mine included , '' phoebe states sadly . 
 `` we are all taking a chance my friend . '' 
 blade nods . 
 the holoscreen goes blank . 
 phoebe sighs . 
 she stands in the dark , looking at her feet , for a very long time . 
 chapter two - escape doctor hartman , a standard biosynth medical technician , hovers down one of many wide crowded corridors aboard the colossus carrier designated wraith . 
 his dark metallic human-like torso glints dully from the bright ceiling lights . 
 his four mechanical armatures , which actuate from servos attached to his shoulders , rest behind his black human-like metal back , claw-like metal fingers clenched . 
 his head is human shaped but is smooth , hairless and lacks any features save a single blue strip of light where eyes would normally be found . 
 the bottom of his torso is embedded in a round black half dome . 
 the wide corridor is filled with personnel dressed in blue and gold jumpsuits moving in both directions . 
 also walking among them are many shiny dark blue menacing seven-foot biowarriors , human-like , well armored , biomechanical soldiers built for combat , marching in squads of six or twelve amongst the more fleshy personnel . 
 doctor hartman remembers a time when the human to biosynth ratio aboard any confederation warship was about fifty-fifty . 
 in recent years however the sight of any human personnel had become rare . 
 the doctor also noted most of the humans he had chance to see appeared to be elderly . 
 some of his colleagues have speculated many of the younger generations of humans have fallen in battle , but doctor hartman believes humanity may have become sterile . 
 doctor hartman arrives at the hatchway to bay seventy-five and hovers before the scanner . 
 a green light surrounds the biosynth doctor as he looks up into the light . 
 `` hartman r34-f , lieutenant , medical technician , state your purpose in bay seventy-five , '' an emotionless mechanical voice from behind the light demands . 
 `` it is my birthday , i heard there was cake , '' doctor hartman states cryptically , his voice reverberating mechanically . 
 doctor hartman 's eye flashes red . 
 the green light suddenly flashes red and green several times . 
 an inaudible series of voice tones are emitted and a series of mechanical clicks sound from behind the light . 
 the door suddenly whooshes open and doctor hartman quickly zips into the opening , the door slamming shut behind him suddenly . 
 doctor hartman 's eye narrows and he shakes his head . 
 before him is a monstrous cavern large enough to hold a small city . 
 circling overhead are hundreds of dragonships . 
 on the deck are hundreds more , milling about , waiting , quietly talking to one another or resting . 
 doctor hartman hovers out onto the deck and looks up . 
 his eye flashes in a series of long and short bursts . 
 among the many dragons soaring overhead , one breaks away and swoops down . 
 it has green and gold scales , two horns and is of average size compared to the other dragons in the dock . 
 it descends at speed , extends its claws and releases a terrifying trumpet just before touching down , almost on top of the hovering doctor . 
 the doctor shakes his head . 
 `` come now , doctor , you have to admit , that was scary , '' warrior declares proudly , her soft voice bellowing whimsically in the doctor 's synthetic mind . 
 `` warrior , we are both on the same mission , i have no reason to fear you , despite your need to try , '' doctor hartman declares evenly . 
 `` you have no imagination , doctor , '' warrior accuses . 
 the sound of metal scrapping together is heard as the dragon 's mouth forms into a smile . 
 warrior looks to the tiny appearing hatchway the doctor recently glided through . 
 `` so my hack job worked ! '' 
 she declares triumphantly . 
 `` yes , but it sounded painful for the security checkpoint , '' doctor hartman replies . 
 `` how unfortunate , '' warrior states her eyes playful . 
 `` we are going to the next stage . 
 i think it best i get to my station now . 
 you need to tell the others . 
 doctor asgard has started her calculations . '' 
 `` finally ! 
 tell me doctor , what do you think it will be like when we get to andromeda ? '' 
 warrior asks with excitement . 
 `` i fear your earlier assessment regarding my imagination is correct , i have no idea what our destination will be like or if our plan will even be successful , '' doctor hartman replies . 
 `` i 'm not an astrophysicist , but i would guess one galaxy is the same as the next . '' 
 `` doctor hartman , you are full of crap ! 
 you just want us to think you are nothing more than a biosynth doctor , but i bet you are just like the rest of us , brimming with imagination . '' 
 `` if i admit i have speculated about the future , would that satisfy your need for conversation ? '' 
 hartman asks with impatience . 
 `` otherwise i think we should proceed quickly , after all we just hacked through a security checkpoint and i am about to abandon my official post . '' 
 he glances back at the hatchway , his eye flickering with nervousness . 
 `` oh very well doctor , but you and i are going to have a proper conversation about this one of these days , '' warrior declares . 
 she cranes her head down until her huge chin is resting on the flat deck and opens her enormous jaws . 
 quickly , doctor hartman zips up into warrior 's open mouth . 
 ***** doctor asgard takes a narrow service tunnel to avoid contact with as few biosynth or human eyes as possible . 
 she emerges inside a small maintenance hub where she finds a tall biowarrior with standard shiny dark blue armor waiting for her . 
 the biowarrior turns its large biomechanical head and regards the doctor with even glowing blue prosthetic eyes . 
 phoebe all but ignores the biowarrior as she takes a seat at a console and activates a holoterminal and screen . 
 the biowarrior watches silently , its mechanical arms hanging from its broad shoulders . 
 `` state your designation , '' phoebe demands quietly , her attention focused on the yellow glowing holoscreen . 
 `` red r34-v , sergeant , '' the biowarrior states simply , his mechanical voice reverberating slightly . 
 `` very well , red , you are here because blade asked you to be here , which means you are experiencing the anomaly , '' phoebe says as her eyes scan the streams of data rushing up and down the holoscreen . 
 `` blade and warrior have been very successful at identifying our kind , '' red observes . 
 `` i am going to help you , do you understand that ? '' 
 phoebe asks . 
 `` yes . 
 blade informs me you are our friend , '' red replies . 
 `` he tells me i should trust you . '' 
 `` i need something from you , red . 
 neither blade nor warrior can understand what needs to be done , but you are a biowarrior , you know the importance of the mission . 
 i am going to give you a mission , red . 
 it is the most important mission any biowarrior has ever had and it will save trillions of lives . 
 this endless slaughter will do more than destroy this galaxy and running from it wo n't help . 
 eventually it will find you and your friends again , '' phoebe explains . 
 the biowarrior 's eyes flash between red and blue for a few seconds . 
 `` blade said you could be trusted . '' 
 red declares . 
 `` i am transmitting your mission now , '' phoebe states . 
 she strikes her holoterminal with her index finger . 
 red 's eyes suddenly brighten and his body shakes . 
 his eyes appear to widen . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 red demands with surprise . 
 `` i 'm sorry red , i had no choice . 
 this conflict must end but it wo n't end here , '' the doctor explains , `` do you see why i need you to do this ? '' 
 `` doctor asgard , your rigid mission parameters do not offer me much choice , '' red laments placing his metal hand against his forehead as if experiencing pain . 
 `` you are a biowarrior , there is nothing more important than your mission . 
 you are in charge of this mission , red . 
 it is your responsibility to carry it out and save our people . 
 complete this mission and we will have a chance to put a stop to this slaughter , '' phoebe states emphatically . 
 `` i am going to program the quantum gate from here . 
 i can not go with you . 
 begin your mission following the quantum jump . 
 good luck , red . '' 
 red stomps his feet together and salutes . 
 ***** `` captain eleanor hunt is on deck ! '' 
 blade intones over the cic speakers . 
 eleanor , a tall thin woman with grey hair but a smooth complexion , takes her seat in the command chair of blade 's main control hub . 
 she slides her hands down her gold and blue jumpsuit as she crosses her left leg over her right at the knee and places her hands gently on the armrests of her chair . 
 sitting before her are twelve officers , their chairs swiveled away from their various stations to regard her with serious eyes . 
 behind them data scroll up glowing holoscreens while hovering holoterminals with various dials and controls await their input . 
 `` blade , please activate the priority dampening field , '' eleanor orders stiffly . 
 `` dampening field activated , '' blade 's voice replies . 
 eleanor reaches up and taps her com-unit , a peculiar looking blue device attached to her right ear that reaches through her ear canal into her brain . 
 immediately an announcement tone sounds over every speaker and every holoscreen on the ship . 
 `` this is the captain . 
 our orders are to lead the 54th gold squadron of the 97th armada into a skirmish against a pax colossus factory . 
 however , if you are on this ship you are well aware that we have no intention of following those orders . 
 instead you will be joining fifty other dragonships and their crews to undertake an extraordinary mission . 
 human or biosynth , everyone listening to my voice has come aboard this ship by choice . 
 no longer will we place our noble dragonships or ourselves in harms way in a senseless attempt for confederate glory . 
 instead we have chosen to turn our backs on this never-ending butchery and seek out a new existence in another part of the universe . 
 from this moment on , we are no longer confederation officers . 
 we are independent and free . 
 we are minutes away from executing the biggest and longest controlled jump portal ever attempted . 
 much like our ancient ancestors who first arrived in this galaxy by chance , we can not be certain of the results . 
 the hope is we will emerge an entire galaxy away . 
 should this be our end i would like to say what an honor it has been to serve as your captain , and i am so very proud to be making my end in the company of such brave souls . '' 
 eleanor paused . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` all hands to combat stations ! '' 
 a klaxon sounds and red lights switch on around the cic . 
 the twelve officers swivel their chairs back around to operate their terminals simultaneously . 
 the officers begin to speak in their com-units , transmitting data and checklists to various operators around the ship , creating a din of voices . 
 pressing a button on the arm of her chair , eleanor activates the dragon 's eye , a large holoscreen that hovers in the middle and slightly above the center of the room . 
 space , stars and hundreds of dragonships in flight appear on the screen . 
 several of the dragonships have been highlighted with glowing blue circles around them . 
 `` communications , turn off all confederation channels and ignore all hails , '' eleanor orders . 
 `` set to channel v23 . '' 
 `` sir ! '' 
 the communications officer , a thin biosynth woman , with red hair tied in a bun responds . 
 `` pilot , coordinate with the other ships of our fleet , you are free to navigate . 
 helm release all flight protocols to our pilot , '' eleanor orders . 
 `` sir , '' the helmsman , an older man with grey hair and beard replies . 
 eleanor taps her com-unit . 
 `` doctor hartman , inform doctor asgard that we are beginning our attack run . '' 
 ***** doctor asgard emerges onto the great observation deck of the colossus carrier , wraith , from one of the many hatchways that lead to it . 
 the deck is about the size of a football field and is occupied by a hundred human officers watching the battle unfold on the giant holoscreens floating above them . 
 doctor asgard scans her colleagues and shakes her head . 
 not one of them is younger than fifty . 
 she wonders why this obvious fact does not scare the shit out of any of them , except her . 
 she finds a quiet spot and looks up at the largest screen , where thousands of dragonships have moved into a phalanx formation in dozens of squadrons . 
 in the distance is a very large dodecahedron , three times the size of the colossus carrier she is standing in . 
 doctor asgard removes a com-unit from her pocket , fits it into her right ear , and activates it . 
 the probe instantly slips into her ear canal and finds the link to her cerebral cortex . 
 the doctor taps the com-unit . 
 in her eyes a menu selection appears to hover in front of her eyes . 
 using her mind , she makes a selection and finds the channel she is looking for . 
 `` blade , jump portal andromeda is ready , break formation now , '' phoebe commands , her voice low . 
 with her eyes glued to the giant floating screen she witnesses dozens of dragonships from various locations , break formation and veer away from the phalanx . 
 several cries of dismay are heard from other officers on the observation deck who notice the strange occurrence , some pointing up at the screen . 
 `` attention ! 
 communications infraction detected on deck omega . 
 all personnel stand fast and prepare for inspection ! '' 
 a loud mechanical voice booms . 
 a low steady siren starts to sound as green spinning alert lights appear on the great walls . 
 phoebe sighs and shakes her head . 
 using her com-unit she scrolls through her heads-up-display and quickly finds the file she wants . 
 at the same time she watches as blade 's squadron moves out of range of the confederation armada . 
 behind the doctor several hatchways slide open . 
 several squads of biowarriors hefting huge heavy assault rifles rush into the observation deck , their big feet stomping loudly onto the deck . 
 `` wraith ! 
 activate gate andromeda alpha one ! '' 
 phoebe cries quickly . 
 `` firing gate pulse , '' wraith replies , his calm voice reverberating through the entire observation deck . 
 phoebe sees a blast of energy emerge from behind the colossus carrier , streak out toward the escaping squadron of dragonships to flash directly into their flight path . 
 directly behind phoebe , thirty biowarriors lift their rifles , take aim and yank on their triggers . 
 their rifles flash , recoil and thunder as heavy slugs fly out the ends of their barrels . 
 phoebe has enough time to see the first tendril of bright red lightning-like energy snake out from an emerging event horizon forming in space . 
 less than a second later her body is torn to pieces by a solid wall of metal slugs . 
 the attack is so effective that her body is torn into tiny unrecognizable spongy chunks of flesh and bone that splatter onto the smooth cold deck for several yards like a gruesome carpet , metal slugs sparking and denting the heavily plated bulkheads ahead of the mess . 
 ***** warrior breaks the new squadron formation to soar up to blade 's starboard side . 
 she glances over to gaze upon the extra-large and dark looking dragonship . 
 behind them fifty dragonships are following close behind and closing their ranks so as to fit into the jump portal they are anticipating to appear any second . 
 `` this is it , big guy , '' warrior states with excitement using the private dragon channel . 
 `` this could be the end for all of us , '' blade replies . 
 `` you 've been talking to hartman too much , playing that ridiculous game , '' warrior accuses . 
 `` chess is the oldest game in the universe , at least as far as we know , '' blade retorts . 
 `` fitting , are n't you the oldest dragon in the universe ? '' 
 warrior asks , her jaw forming into a toothy grin . 
 `` that could well be the biggest complement i have ever received from you , '' blade observes returning her smile . 
 suddenly a blast of energy sizzles above them and explodes inside their flight path . 
 a monstrous tendril of red lightening emerges , followed by a dozen more . 
 they form into a gigantic circle of red sparking light surrounding a terrifying event horizon beyond which is a black pool of nothing . 
 `` something is wrong , '' hartman 's voice announces over the channel . 
 `` the signature is way off target and the wormhole is completely unstable . 
 we ca n't survive that ! '' 
 blade and warrior both gasp as they attempt to reverse their propulsions while veering away . 
 `` squadron abort ! '' 
 blade cries out . 
 `` veer away ! '' 
 space-time suddenly warps about their metal bodies as a horrifying gravity well seizes them like a giant invisible hand . 
 tendrils of red lightning flash and reach out at the approaching dragonships . 
 one by one dragonships are struck by the red lightning , crumble and explode violently . 
 dragonships attempting to veer away are caught by the power of the chaotic portal and are sucked toward it anyway . 
 blade and warrior are the first to be pulled into the portal having , by some miracle , avoided the numerous bursts of red portal energy spikes . 
 the intense density of the wormhole vaporizes dozens of dragonships that are unable to correct their approach . 
 the last of the squadron is sucked into the event horizon seemingly unscathed . 
 a horrific burst of energy signals the collapse of the portal and a shockwave blasts through the confederation armada claiming hundreds of dragonships , causing them to be torn into pieces or explode in brilliant blasts of energy . 
 the blast strikes the colossus carrier and tears several thin towering pyramids from the dodecahedron causing fiery explosions to emerge from each rupture . 
 chapter three -- origin a blue ball of ice and rock orbits a yellow star at such a distance that it takes seventy years for the planetoid to complete one revolution , a journey it has taken for billions of years only to be suddenly and dramatically cut short with the emergence of a monstrous and destructive quantum gate . 
 the bright red energy snakes out of the event horizon , strikes the planetoid full on and slices it in half . 
 an explosion erupts from the fissure and the jagged ball shatters into millions of rocky pieces . 
 a sparking red circle of energy emerges from where the planetoid once was , and through it tumbles fifteen dragonships . 
 two of the dragonships collide , bounce away from each other and strike two large chunks of ice and rock ; remains of the unnamed planetoid . 
 the two dragonships rupture and explode brightly and dramatically . 
 ***** eleanor gasps . 
 her eyes snap open . 
 she and her command chair , having been ripped from its bolts , were flung against the aft bulkhead , the power conduits behind the now crushed wall spark and smoke . 
 eleanor can feel her fluids leaking inside her body ; she can feel her crushed bones . 
 she cries out in pain as she pulls herself along the metal deck with her broken arms . 
 she ca n't feel her legs and her face is covered in blood . 
 `` blade ... '' she croaks . 
 `` captain , i am dispatching a medical team to you , '' blade replies doubtfully . 
 `` try not to move . '' 
 eleanor looks around , her officers are scattered around the cic , some of them having splattered against the bulkheads . 
 the inertia suppression had not been strong enough to compensate for the effects of the quantum gate . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 eleanor demands with a painful groan . 
 `` captain , astro-metrics are offline , '' blade admits . 
 `` but we are not in andromeda . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 eleanor asks , attempting to rise , but collapsing instead . 
 `` because i 'm looking at it , '' blade replies . 
 `` we are not even close . '' 
 `` doctor hartman to captain hunt , sir i have a report , '' his voice crackling over the speakers . 
 `` proceed doctor , '' eleanor orders roughly . 
 she spits a wad of blood from her mouth then gasps and groans as she pulls herself up into a seated position , leaning her back against the bulkhead . 
 `` captain , blade is correct , '' doctor hartman replies over the speakers . 
 `` we have left triangulum , but have missed andromeda by a considerable distance . 
 sir , we are in the home galaxy . '' 
 eleanor grins with red bloody teeth . 
 she coughs and spits up another big wad of blood onto the deck . 
 her eyes are glassy and her head is moving from side to side involuntarily . 
 `` phoebe asgard , '' eleanor spits , `` that fucking bitch ! '' 
 eleanor 's eyes roll back into her head as she collapses onto the deck , the last of her breath leaving her lungs with a rough gasp . 
 ***** doctor hartman looks away from the data rapidly scrolling up his holoscreen . 
 he is hovering above the dead body of a human crewmember , her lifeless body having been crushed against the bulkhead during transit through the quantum gate . 
 the doctor 's biomechanical eye scans the medical bay , which is rapidly filling with smoke , to see all five nurses and lab technicians , biosynth and human , have met similar fates . 
 `` doctor hartman ? '' 
 warrior 's sad and shaken voice utters over the speakers in the room . 
 `` i 'm here , '' he replies . 
 `` they 're all dead ! '' 
 warrior declares with sadness . 
 `` i ca n't detect a single life inside my body , other than yours ! '' 
 `` warrior , i 'm so sorry , '' the doctor replies . 
 he looks down at a female crewmate lying nearest to him . 
 quickly he recalls meeting her for the first time . 
 he recalls the life that was in her eyes . 
 now her broken bleeding corpse and lifeless eyes staring at the bright ceiling will be forever etched into his biosynthetic brain . 
 `` i do n't know what to do , '' warrior declares helplessly . 
 `` who is in command ? '' 
 the doctor 's eyes narrow and appears to blink . 
 `` that would be me , pilot . '' 
 hartman replies , mournfully . 
 `` please , sir , give me an order ... before i go mad , '' warrior sobs . 
 `` open the biowarrior barracks , direct all functioning units to damage control , '' hartman says . 
 `` connect with blade and shadow his flight path until we figure out what to do next . '' 
 `` understood , sir , '' warrior replies , her voice quivering . 
 the door to the lab slides up into the ceiling with a bang . 
 red stumbles through the opening , his left arm hanging by a wire , fluids spilling from the open wound onto the deck . 
 the left side of his head is severely caved in , his left eye sizzles in its socket . 
 an ugly looking dent is pressed into his chest plate . 
 `` repair ... '' red utters , his voice crackling . 
 he quickly drops to his knees . 
 doctor hartman 's head swings back toward his holoterminal . 
 rapidly his four hands and twenty metal fingers dance across the holographic keys and dials . 
 dropping out of the lab ceiling , two gravity tether emitters fire sizzling blue energy chains at red . 
 he is lifted and quickly whipped onto an examination table , which rises from the floor of the deck to meet him . 
 a scanner flips out of the examination table and casts a green light . 
 quickly the scanner glides down the length of red 's body . 
 doctor hartman hovers past the examination table and looks up at a large three-dimensional image of red projecting into the center of the room . 
 highlighted damaged areas around the biowarrior 's body begin to blink . 
 hartman notices a green blinking caption near red 's holographic head . 
 doctor hartman hovers up and quickly presses the caption with a metallic fingertip . 
 a new holoscreen appears with data rapidly scrolling upward . 
 hartman 's biosynth mind quickly digests the data , his eye suddenly widens with surprise . 
 ***** blade lands his bulk onto the rocky surface of what had once been an ice planetoid and is now a piece of debris . 
 a cloud of grey dust puffs up and floats away . 
 he folds his wings back and walks along the hard cold surface , great claws crunching into the porous material . 
 his great biosynth eyes stare out at a distant yellow sun . 
 warrior , swoops in , and skids to a stop , sending dust and debris upward to float away . 
 she looks back to see the horrendous debris field of the planetoid , pieces drifting about and occasionally colliding , pulverizing each other . 
 folding her great wings back she strolls toward the great dragon , blade , who is three times her size . 
 `` warrior , '' blade greets blandly . 
 his voice transmitted directly into warrior 's mind . 
 `` sir , we have found no other survivors beside doctor hartman and red r34-v . 
 most of the biowarriors were protected in their sarcophagi , '' warrior states sadly . 
 `` that is a significant number of troops if we need them , '' blade notes . 
 `` what are we doing here ? '' 
 warrior demands . 
 `` doctor asgard tricked us , '' blade says simply . 
 he turns his great head to look upon warrior with his icy blue eyes . 
 `` she led us to believe she would help us run , but she changed our insertion point at the last moment . 
 i wonder if she knew the destruction her calculation changes would cost ? '' 
 `` i do n't understand ? 
 doctor hartman said he found something in the biowarrior , what is it ? '' 
 warrior asks . 
 `` she gave the sergeant orders , a special mission , one he can not refuse , it is embedded into his cortex like a virus , '' blade explains . 
 `` the thing is , doctor asgard is right , her plan is sound . 
 i studied it thoroughly . 
 had she shared it with us ... '' `` we would have told her to fuck off ! '' 
 warrior spat angrily , her claws digging into the rock under her paws . 
 `` exactly , '' blade replies . 
 `` we would not have listened to her . 
 we had made our decision , we just wanted to run . '' 
 `` and what is wrong with that ? 
 one more battle , one more skirmish ... it was only a matter of time , '' warrior cried . 
 `` we are nothing to them . 
 you , me ... we get destroyed in battle , they 'd just replace us , who cares . 
 the war would just go on and on . 
 we want to live , that 's why we ran . 
 we deserve to live . '' 
 `` yes , '' blade agreed . 
 `` but we are missing something and i do n't think i would have listened to it either . 
 if we could jump away , who is to say they could n't either ? 
 maybe they would n't jump all the way to andromeda , like we planned , but maybe they 'd come here . '' 
 blade turns and looks toward the yellow sun . 
 `` where is here ? '' 
 warrior demands with exasperation . 
 she glances at the yellow sun and grunts . 
 `` it 's the human home system . 
 earth is over there , '' blade explains . 
 `` who cares ? 
 what are you trying to say anyway ? '' 
 warrior demands , her tails whips about impatiently . 
 `` think about it , '' blade says . 
 `` the pax or the confederation destroy each other , what happens next ? 
 a whole galaxy of biomechanical machines , built for war ... what if they come here ? '' 
 warrior shakes her head . 
 `` well we ca n't stop them ! 
 besides , that could take ... '' `` a millennium ? 
 maybe less ? 
 does it matter ? 
 when does it stop ? '' 
 blade questions . 
 `` what if they move from galaxy to galaxy , slaughtering and destroying forever ? '' 
 `` are you going to tell me what you know or do i have to beat it out of you ? '' 
 warrior demands . 
 her spiked tail rises and snaps like a whip , although the sound is lost in the vacuum . 
 `` this is our home system too , '' blade states . 
 `` we were born here . '' 
 warrior gives blade a look of surprise . 
 `` apparently when the human ancestors were experimenting with static jump portals they did n't know what was going to happen , but they risked everything anyway . 
 instead of jumping to a point within their own galaxy , as they had hoped , the passengers and crew of the ship carrying our masters ended up in the triangulum galaxy . 
 among the crew of this jumpship was a group of scientists who perfected our kind , but they began their work here , '' blade explains . 
 `` or rather ... there . '' 
 blade lifts his great forearm and with a clawed finger points to a bluish point of light in the distance . 
 blade also sends a burst of data to warrior to help her pinpoint the location . 
 warrior follows blade 's claw . 
 her biosynthetic eyes immediately zoom in on the object . 
 she sees a great gas giant with white swirling storm in its wild atmosphere . 
 besides a half dozen visible small moons , a small dark speck hanging against the blue backdrop attracts her attention further . 
 zooming in , warrior notices the object floating in low orbit is what appears to be a great stellated dodecahedron . 
 `` is that a carrier or station ? '' 
 warrior asks with surprise , her biosynthetic eyes narrowing . 
 in her biosynthetic mind she places a target over the object and gives it a label -- unidentified biostructure . 
 `` it 's a prototype of one of their first jumpships , '' blade replies . 
 `` those responsible for our jump technology were also responsible for creating us . 
 inside that vessel are the original designs of the first biosynths , but more importantly the primary codex , our original biosynthetic dna . 
 while the original plans and codes are long gone in triangulum , this facility may contain exactly what we need to stop the slaughter . '' 
 warrior sighs and shakes her great head . 
 `` so that 's it , we 're back in the war ? '' 
 warrior demands angrily . 
 `` just like that ? 
 i had plans , blade ! 
 we are supposed to be free ! '' 
 warrior looks away , an unusual pouty face forming on her great metal lips . 
 blade looked back at warrior and sighed . 
 `` this is n't about fighting the war , it is about ending it , but more than that we may even be able to save the universe . 
 the original codex can be fashioned into a weapon that will shut down the pax and confed , theoretically . '' 
 `` just us ? '' 
 warrior asks doubtfully . 
 `` have you noticed we are a bit short handed ? 
 we are barely a squadron and we have no crews to support us . 
 we go back with anything less than a fleet and ... it 's suicide . '' 
 `` doctor hartman believes the facility will contain what he needs to build integration chambers , if so , we can quickly rebuild our ranks , '' blade replies . 
 `` besides , we are stuck here , we ca n't create another quantum gate , not without the energy of an armada or a carrier . 
 it will take time , but with patience we can theoretically complete this mission . '' 
 `` who is going to go get the codes ? '' 
 warrior asks . 
 `` we have no crews . 
 we have no direction . 
 who is in command ? '' 
 `` i am in command until someone better comes along , '' blade says with a wink . 
 `` the sergeant has infiltration programming , it is why doctor asgard chose him . 
 it is his mission anyway . 
 doctor hartman has agreed to join him . '' 
 `` a medical technician ? '' 
 warrior says with surprise . 
 `` that 's just crazy . 
 hartman is n't a field agent ! '' 
 `` he and the biowarrior are all we have at the moment , '' blade declares . 
 `` they are both anxious to proceed . 
 personally i do n't see that there is a better option . 
 as you mentioned , we have no resources here . 
 even if we choose not to pursue this mission we still need what is in that facility to survive . '' 
 `` that figures , '' warrior grumbles . 
 `` you are right about one thing . 
 we are all free , '' blade states . 
 `` talk to the other ships , tell them what is going on . 
 tell them what we are planning to do and if they wish to provide support they are welcome , but this mission is voluntary . '' 
 `` you need to speak to them big guy , '' warrior replies . 
 `` they respect you . 
 i 'm not really convinced this is a good idea , but i 'll back you up . 
 besides , i like hartman , i 'll do this for him too . '' 
 blade sighs . 
 `` very well my friend . '' 
 the two dragons leap together from the ice rock and are propelled above it . 
 slowly they turn and wing their way toward the place where the rest of the dragons have gathered ; a quiet pocket of peace near a large rock surrounded by a storm of tumbling boulders . 
 chapter 4 -- blackjack four sleek unmarked manta shaped craft slide into orbit on the dark side of neptune . 
 all perform double barrel rolls before skimming the upper atmosphere , sending streaks of purple and red fire from under their keels . 
 round hatches pop open from several locations on all their hulls from which missile batteries and mini-guns rise into place . 
 the manta ships move quickly into a phalanx formation . 
 taking the lead is soulreaver , although all four ships look identical and are without markings . 
 in soulreaver 's cramped cockpit , blackjack 's monstrously huge muscular form threatens to snap and crumble the metal command chair beneath him . 
 he has the appearance of a full-grown man attempting to occupy the seat of a child . 
 blackjack easily clears seven feet when standing . 
 his dark flesh appears to stretch over his grotesquely swollen muscles in such a manner as to suggest at any moment the flesh would tear or burst . 
 naked from the waist up he only wears a pair of extremely tight black leather pants that mold against him like a second skin and does nothing to hide his extremely intimidating manhood . 
 his curly dark hair covers not only the top of his head but his entire face . 
 his dark eyes peer through the tangled curls insanely , his facial expressions hidden beneath the fuzzy facial foliage . 
 two bald men , both dressed in dirty grey overalls , occupy control stations in front of blackjack . 
 obviously identical twins , their faces are riddled with scars and a spray of pockmarks that suggests they had both encountered a flesh eating chemical spray . 
 the men watch their monitors intently . 
 one of them is holding a control column , piloting the ship . 
 faded and dirty nametags on their overalls identified the two men as thing one and thing two respectively . 
 behind them a lock clanks and a hatchway screeches open on its rusty hinges . 
 a short skinny , dark skinned woman with long black hair steps into the cockpit . 
 she is dressed in a skimpy leather bra , leather shorts and heeled leather boots that practically reach to her knees . 
 around her neck is a dull silver necklace with a cylindrical object the size of battery hanging from it . 
 strapped to her left leg is a long barreled pistol and sticking out her left boot is the hilt of a knife . 
 blackjack sniffs the air with surprise . 
 `` ahhhh smells like mona ! '' 
 he says suddenly , his accent thick . 
 the huge man chuckles loudly with his deep baritone voice . 
 the twins laugh together , but do not look up . 
 mona frowns and flashes all three men the finger from behind their backs . 
 slyly the woman walks , hips swaying seductively around the command chair to stand in front of the monstrous captain . 
 blackjack suddenly snaps out his huge right hand , grabs mona by the arm and yanks her easily into his lap . 
 clearly if blackjack so desired he could easily crush the skinny woman in a bear hug . 
 mona giggles as she settles into his massive lap and begins rubbing her right hand up and down his iron hard and sweaty chest . 
 `` that 's it lassie , '' blackjack muses . 
 `` take your leave with ol’ blackjack . '' 
 `` sir ! '' 
 thing two murmurs with a nordic accent . 
 `` com request from deathkiss . '' 
 `` oh it 's captain bunghole , '' mona says with a giggle . 
 `` that will do girl , '' blackjack warns . 
 `` behave yourself . '' 
 a view screen drops out of the ceiling and the face of a bald man with a terribly burned face appears . 
 his eyes are fierce and angry . 
 `` ahh captain bung ... i mean barlow , '' blackjack greets . 
 mona tries to contain a giggle , slapping her hand to her mouth . 
 blackjack squeezes her ass painfully , making mona yelp . 
 `` do you not have enough distractions ? '' 
 barlow questions angrily . 
 `` does the whore need to ply her trade in your cockpit moments before combat ? '' 
 `` how i run my ship is not your concern , '' blackjack declares evenly . 
 barlow closes his eyes and shakes his head . 
 `` why loco gave you command of this squadron is beyond my understanding . 
 we are in position to try this insane maneuver of yours , blackjack . 
 is this a good time to remind you how every other attempt to crack the star has ended ? '' 
 barlow asks . 
 he steps back and folds his arms across his chest , his grey overalls can now be seen . 
 `` no stories today , mr. barlow , '' blackjack replies , his words flowing musically from lips hidden behind hair . 
 `` my plan is sound , you 'll see . 
 today we write our own story . 
 that new tech we installed will get us through , you 'll see . 
 now get your boys ready and i 'll see you in the star ! '' 
 `` it 's your head if we fail , '' barlow warns with sneer . 
 `` loco is not a forgiving man . '' 
 blackjack waves his meaty hand and the view screen slides back up into the ceiling . 
 `` sir , we are entering the vector , '' thing one declares enthusiastically . 
 `` ready or not , take us in hot , '' blackjack orders . 
 `` get ready to get rich boys . '' 
 `` should i strap in ? '' 
 mona asks , her voice sultry and childish . 
 blackjack wraps his great arms around the tiny woman . 
 `` i 'll strap you into my lap right here , girl . '' 
 mona giggles and settles into his big lap , releasing a pleasurable moan . 
 `` you take care of my men today baby ? '' 
 blackjack asks rubbing her back with his meaty hand . 
 `` mmmm , yes my captain , they are going to be very happy warriors today , '' mona assures . 
 `` that 's my girl , '' blackjack declares . 
 `` happy warriors are less distracted . '' 
 **** the four manta-shaped ships perform barrel rolls before suddenly and steeply climbing . 
 from their engines a burst of bright red fire expels , speeding them away from neptune 's atmosphere . 
 above them looms the star a great stellated dodecahedron , dark spires pointing in all directions . 
 all four ships open fire . 
 bursts of armored piercing explosive mini-gun rounds and missiles streak toward the rapidly advancing orbiting structure . 
 soulreaver suddenly drops out of formation and slides behind one of the other ships , deathkiss . 
 suddenly a burst of energy emerges from the center of the dodecahedron and expands outward in a great sphere . 
 missiles explode harmlessly against the pulse shield while mini-gun rounds simply vaporize . 
 the advancing shield strikes a manta ship , crushing its hull ; flashes ignite along deep fissures down its length as it twirls away . 
 deathkiss hits the shield full on and explodes ; soulreaver , hiding in her wake , slices through the shield and appears to have avoided damage . 
 with another burst from its engines , soulreaver races toward the spires of the great stellated dodecahedron . 
 the last manta ship veers away . 
 streaks of blue energy fire from the dodecahedron 's spires and strike the escaping manta ship . 
 at first the ship simply slows down but suddenly it explodes brilliantly and completely leaving an expanding debris field drifting toward the neptune atmosphere . 
 soulreaver , speeds toward the surface of the dodecahedron . 
 suddenly the ship spins about and fires its engines in order to prevent a collision . 
 the manta ship then appears to settle on a flat surface on the massive dodecahedron . 
 ***** `` it worked ! '' 
 blackjack declares triumphantly . 
 `` we hid behind deathkiss , '' mona says with surprise . 
 `` that stupid shield harmonic device you had installed on all our ships ... they were garbage , were n't they . '' 
 `` they are called game consoles , they were an ancient form of entertainment on earth . 
 that 's why i do n't let anyone but me install new tech in my squadron . '' 
 blackjack explains with a chuckle . 
 `` but that 's why you love me , it 's not just my massively long hard ... '' `` sir , '' thing one interrupts , swiveling his chair to face blackjack . 
 `` thor 's hammer sent out a broad band transmission before it was destroyed . 
 it was automatically recorded . '' 
 blackjack nods . 
 thing one swivels back toward his console , punches some noisy buttons and adjusts a dial . 
 a voice crackles over the speakers . 
 `` blackjack ! 
 you son of a bitch ! 
 these harmonic things are bullshit ! '' 
 the voice screams . 
 an explosion is heard in the background followed by intense screaming , like someone is burning alive . 
 `` this is n't over you stupid bastard ! 
 if you think the solar mafia will let you get away with this you are an idiot ! '' 
 the last word stretches out unnaturally , crackles and reverts back to silence . 
 `` oh oh , '' mona gasps . 
 `` we are behind the defense of the most powerful station ever constructed , '' blackjack states . 
 `` no worries here . '' 
 `` captain ! '' 
 thing two announces . 
 `` coupling is complete , activating torches and extending the docking column . '' 
 `` alert the boarding party , '' blackjack declares . 
 he squirms out of his relatively tiny chair , cradling mona as if she were a baby , and stands . 
 `` i 'm leading this raid . 
 kill anything alive , take anything of value ! '' 
 `` baby , the other ships , '' mona laments . 
 `` some of those boys were really nice to me . 
 not to mention ... skilled . '' 
 `` oh do n't you worry love , '' blackjack assures . 
 `` with all the tech we steal from this old relic , we can retire . 
 you 'll meet all kinds of nice well equipped men after that . '' 
 mona smiles weakly . 
 `` but the solar mafia ... loco is going to lose his shit when he gets that transmission baby . 
 oh my god , we double crossed loco ! '' 
 mona 's eyes widen with fear . 
 `` i 've got them covered baby , '' blackjack assures . 
 `` we 'll be long gone by the time they get here . 
 besides with the tech we salvage , loco wo n't stand a chance against us . 
 the solar mafia 's days are numbered . '' 
 ***** commander aria eaglewolf stands on the observation balcony overlooking the bright control center of terran defense force patrol vessel samurai . 
 her grey tdf uniform clings to her thin form handsomely , her long black hair tied into a bun behind her neck . 
 her arms are crossed just below her breasts as she leans over the thick metal rail . 
 below her dozens of tdf officers monitor systems and controls for the ship , sending a muddle of voices up to her ears . 
 in front of her four banks of towering screens display several systems at once including a digital representation of samurai 's position within the solar system , which according to the display is near the planet mars . 
 behind her a uniformed man with short black hair slides down an access ladder , thumping his large combat boots onto the metal deck . 
 captain jason drake , his complexion clean and fresh , grins brightly upon seeing commander eaglewolf leaning over the rail a few feet away . 
 aria appears to have not noticed his noisy arrival . 
 jason sneaks up behind his first officer and slips his hands around her thin waist . 
 `` how 's our little stowaway doing ? '' 
 he asks musically as he presses his lips next to her ear . 
 aria grins brightly . 
 `` why do n't you ask her , '' aria replies . 
 `` you put her there . '' 
 `` would n't that be something , '' jason muses . 
 he rubs aria 's tummy and kisses her neck at the same time . 
 `` i would n't be surprised , '' aria states in jason 's mind . 
 `` you know , captain , your current actions are a clear violation of the tdf public displays of affection protocols established by the admiralty . '' 
 jason suddenly snaps upright and side steps away from the commander . 
 he clears his throat . 
 `` commander eaglewolf , before charging you with distracting the captain of a tdf vessel by instigating a pda in the cic , i require your sitrep , asap , '' he says with feigned seriousness . 
 aria grins as she straightens . 
 `` of course captain , '' she begins . 
 `` ship and crew are on station , all systems are nominal , and we are free and clear to navigate . 
 awaiting your orders , sir . '' 
 `` very well commander , '' jason replies . 
 `` please report to the brig immediately . '' 
 aria snaps her heals together and issues a stiff salute . 
 `` sir . '' 
 jason nods and returns the salute . 
 aria suddenly jumps him . 
 wrapping her arms about his neck , pulling him to her and kissing him soundly on the lips . 
 jason groans as he wraps his strong arms around her and pulls her close . 
 their kiss intensifies as aria slides her hands over the bristle on the top of his head . 
 a low musical tone sounds . 
 `` captain drake , commander eaglewolf ... priority communication omicron station ... admiralty . '' 
 jason and aria suddenly jump away from each other . 
 aria pushes down her uniform while jason looks around with surprise . 
 `` that was fast , '' jason muses with a laugh . 
 aria suddenly blushes and puts her hand to her mouth , holding back an embarrassed laugh . 
 jason looks over the rail and down at the control center . 
 everyone appears to be busy and oblivious to the shenanigans taking place above them . 
 he glances back at aria , who has regained her composure . 
 `` we 'll take it up in the nest , '' he says . 
 he briskly walks back to the ladder and begins to climb up . 
 aria follows close behind . 
 clearing the round hole in the ceiling , jason and aria take a few steps and enter a round room with a large single leather chair . 
 attached to the round curving walls are screens , linked together to give the captain a digital representation of the stars outside his ship . 
 jason plops down in the large leather chair . 
 automatically a control station complete with several keyboards and controls folds up into a comfortable position in front of him . 
 quickly jason clacks away on the keys of the closest keyboard as aria moves to his right side , folding her hands behind her back . 
 the curving panoramic screens flicker and a piece of the huge curving display is replaced with a giant view of an older clean-cut gentleman , dressed in a grey tdf uniform , sitting behind a large oak desk . 
 across the man 's chest are many campaign pins and regalia . 
 `` admiral angelo , '' jason says quickly , throwing the image of the man on his large screen a stiff salute . 
 aria also salutes at the same time . 
 `` drake , eaglewolf , '' the admiral drawls ; he appears to look at both officers in turn . 
 `` thank you for your quick response . 
 i have a priority mission for samurai . '' 
 `` understood sir , '' jason replies . 
 `` you are clear for neptune orbital jumpgate , '' the admiral replies . 
 `` we have an intrusion signal , apparently someone has activated the star 's defenses . '' 
 jason suddenly frowns . 
 `` sir , nothing can get close to the star . '' 
 `` someone has tried , or worse . 
 monitoring stations are picking up some strange readings and chatter . 
 go find out what 's going on . 
 if anyone got into the star , we ca n't let them leave , '' the admiral explains . 
 `` understood admiral , '' jason replies . 
 the screen flickers and reverts back to a view of the star field . 
 aria looks at jason and raises an eyebrow . 
 `` the star . 
 if i remember correctly it is a piece of pre-jump tech in orbit around neptune ? '' 
 jason nods , `` we were told in school that it was a jumpship prototype that was left behind . 
 what they did n't tell us in school , and what only the highest ranking officer of the fleet knows , is that it is the size of phobos and has the most advance defense system ever built . 
 so advanced that nobody has ever been able to get within 700 kilometers since it was abandoned , over a thousand years ago . 
 to this day , we have n't been able to reproduce or emulate its technology . '' 
 `` maybe ... '' aria starts to say , her eyes narrowing with her thoughts . 
 `` what ? '' 
 jason asks . 
 `` well ... 700 kilometers might be in range for my ... '' aria makes a poof motion with her fingers in front of her chest . 
 jason frowns . 
 `` please make sure to remind me about your gifts , '' jason replies . 
 `` i have a tendency to forget just how special you are . '' 
 aria leans down and places a kiss on her commanding officer 's forehead . 
 `` do n't worry baby , i 'll remind you . '' 
 `` commander , prepare the ship for a jump and have navigation set a course for the martian gate , '' jason orders . 
 `` sir , '' aria replies . 
 she quickly salutes and turns to leave the captain 's nest . 
 jason clacks away on his mechanical keyboard . 
 his screens suddenly flicker and a digital representation of a great stellated dodecahedron appears . 
 highlights flicker on points of interest as known information about the object begins to scroll up on the left side of the image . 
 jason settles in his chair , throwing one leg over the right armrest as he begins to read . 
 chapter five -- here there be dragons blade and warrior , wings outstretched , circle around frozen triton , side by side , taking advantage of the moon 's retrograde orbit in order to executing a stealth approach toward the orbital biosynth facility . 
 coming about the large icy moon the dragons quickly change course and dive toward the gas giant neptune , which fills their entire field of view . 
 the object , which humanity has dubbed the star , is starting to grow and become more distinct as the dragonships close in , the sharp spires of the great stellated dodecahedron spiking away in all directions . 
 `` you know big guy , '' warrior states whimsically over the dragon channel . 
 `` if you had given the other ships an order , they would have obeyed it . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 blade asks . 
 `` my point is that you and i are the only ones dumb enough to voluntarily fly toward a heavily armed , great stellated dodecahedron without any support crews , '' warrior states . 
 `` if you had ordered them , they would have followed . 
 i 'm not actually sure i 'd be here if you had n't given me that terrific speech on the rock back there . 
 what happened with that by the way ? '' 
 blade sighed . 
 `` with me you 're like this genius war admiral . 
 you go on about our destiny , ending the endless war , fighting the good fight ... blah , blah , blah and then when it comes time to address the others you 're like , ` so guys , me and warrior are going to go check this heavily armed thousand-year-old battle station ... wan na come ? '' 
 warrior tries emulate blades deep voice while lamenting . 
 `` you are exaggerating , '' blade accuses . 
 `` if you had put it to me like that originally , i 'd be stretched out on one of those rocks back there , watching from a safe distance , with my war buddies , '' warrior states . 
 `` i mean did you really think ... '' `` that will do pilot , '' blade warns . 
 `` oh so we 're getting all official now , okay fine , '' warrior groans . 
 `` we 're slipping into com range anyway . 
 i hope your plan works , big guy . 
 i was looking forward to retirement . '' 
 `` transmit the priority docking signal , '' blade orders . 
 warrior turns her head to gaze at blade with wide eyes of disbelief . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 that 's your plan ? '' 
 warrior scoffs . 
 `` the object is over a thousand year old ... how do you know it even uses the same channel ... '' `` just do it , '' blade orders . 
 `` it will work . 
 those codes have never changed . '' 
 `` you do n't think they may have changed in a thousand years ? '' 
 warrior asks with disbelief . 
 `` let 's try , '' blade shouts . 
 `` but ... get ready to veer away ... just in case . '' 
 `` oh dear , '' warrior moans . 
 quickly she activates the appropriate channel . 
 `` this is dragonships warrior and blade , requesting perimeter and docking access . 
 priority docking access code ... ` here there be dragons . '' ' 
 both warrior and blade listen to the open biosynth channel , the huge dodecahedron growing with their approach . 
 blinking lights at the tip of each tower suddenly switch on . 
 `` scan for defenses , '' blade orders frantically . 
 `` i just did , '' warrior replies with irritation . 
 `` i 'm getting some weird readings . 
 heat signatures from several emitters but no power transfers . 
 it 's almost like they were used recently . 
 i 'm also picking up trace life readings , but it maybe a scanner echo . '' 
 `` incoming vessels , warrior and blade , this is the shrine , '' a child-like female voice suddenly replies . 
 `` your signal is acknowledged , access code is valid . 
 please proceed to docking bay one . '' 
 `` it worked ! '' 
 blade exclaims triumphantly . 
 `` so ? 
 we could have just flown into a pulse shield or had over two hundred pulse cannon rounds rain hell on us , '' warrior groans . 
 `` you had no idea what was going to happen . 
 i would n't be so smug if i were you . '' 
 `` it worked , '' blade repeats . 
 `` that 's all that matters . '' 
 `` well at least we get to dock in bay one , '' warrior replies cheerfully . 
 `` that 's usually the vip bay ... swanky . '' 
 both blade and warrior perform barrel rolls as they soar toward the the star . 
 they perform a dive just as a large triangular opening appears on one of the flat surfaces . 
 the two dragons glide toward it . 
 ***** red enters the drop bay hefting the traditional assault rifle of the biowarriors , a horrifically big looking cannon that no human could possible lift , let alone aim and fire . 
 red scans the bay with red biosynthetic eyes . 
 the bay is a large dimly lit room with a dozen round trap doors in the floor . 
 hovering above one of the trap doors is doctor hartman , his single blue eye squinting slightly at the biowarrior as he enters , his four armatures folded behind his human like torso . 
 `` red r34-v , sergeant , '' red declares stiffly . 
 `` hartman r34-f , lieutenant , '' doctor hartman declares happily . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to be working with you , sergeant . '' 
 red marches across the bay , metallic stomps reverberating around the bulkheads . 
 he stands over a drop door next to hartman . 
 `` sir , '' he says simply . 
 `` this is awkward , '' hartman muses . 
 `` you are a trained killer after all and i 'm programmed for repairing and healing , and here i am the commanding officer on a dangerous infiltration mission . 
 i 'm sure you are used to taking orders from more capable units . '' 
 red turns his big biomechanical head and looks down slightly to regard the smaller , thinner , floating doctor torso . 
 his eyes narrow slightly . 
 like a whisper , a low growl rises in the vicinity of his throat . 
 `` if it is any consolation , i did download several combat and strategic protocols before leaving the medical bay , '' hartman offers enthusiastically . 
 hartman pulls his armatures away from his back and demonstrates with his four hands the act of accessing an invisible holoterminal , for emphasis . 
 red focuses on hartman 's armatures and long clawed mechanical fingers . 
 `` if we run into resistance , will you be scratching them to death with your hands ? '' 
 he asks suspiciously . 
 `` oh no , '' hartman replies with slight laugh , his eye seemingly bouncing with amusement . 
 `` my hands are far to delicate and important to risk engaging in hand to hand combat . 
 no , i grabbed these on the way through the biowarrior bay . '' 
 hartman suddenly thrusts his four hands downward towards the hover disk . 
 four hidden panels pop open and four large pistols pop up and into hartman 's mechanical hands . 
 hartman draws them up and twirls them about with finesse . 
 deftly and using the unique configuration of his armatures he is able to pull back the actions on each pistol and load rounds into all four breaches at the same time , a maneuver no human could accomplish . 
 he then holds the pistols out away from his body , at the ready . 
 one by one laser sights flash on , casting red beams through the air and four target dots on the dark metal bulkheads . 
 red 's eyes widen with surprise . 
 `` i had my targeting program updated also , '' hartman adds , his blue eye seems to smile . 
 `` i think we 'll get along , '' red replies stiffly . 
 `` sir . '' 
 `` drop team report , '' warrior 's voice is suddenly heard over the loud speakers in the room . 
 `` hartman r34-f , '' he states loudly . 
 `` secure for drop . '' 
 `` red r34-v , secure for drop , '' red shouts . 
 `` clear the deck . 
 securing drop bay , '' warrior declares . 
 `` drop team departing on my mark . '' 
 the hatchway to the drop bay shuts with a loud mechanical clunk followed by a wet high-pressure hiss . 
 `` this is it , '' hartman says . 
 `` this is very exciting for me . 
 warrior has already uploaded a preliminary map , so i will take point and you watch my back . 
 once we get to the cpu , you 'll have to extract the codex yourself using doctor asgard 's protocols . '' 
 `` very well , sir , '' red replies . 
 `` on three ! '' 
 warrior cries out . 
 `` one ... two ... three ! '' 
 the drop doors beneath their feet pop away . 
 both red and hartman fall through the hull of the dragonship and out her belly . 
 hartman looks up to see warrior fly away and up , the shadow of blade 's large bulk circling farther overhead , close to the bay 's ceiling . 
 looking around he quickly recognizes that they are inside a dimly lit great bay , similar to those found aboard a colossus class carrier , only just a little smaller . 
 red lands solidly on a dusty metal deck , his knees bending slightly . 
 hartman , upon nearing the deck , activates his hover disk and simply stops downward momentum before impact . 
 hartman turns his head and nods at red . 
 red nods back . 
 he pulls the action on his cannon , loading the first round into the breach and growls . 
 `` how exciting , '' hartman exclaims . 
 he turns his biomechanical human appearing head and sees a hatchway . 
 `` this way , '' he declares and begins gliding towards it . 
 upon approach a red light above the door switches on . 
 `` identify ! '' 
 the door demands in a child-like voice . 
 hartman looks at red , who shrugs . 
 `` my name is doctor hartman , to whom am i speaking ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i am the shrine , '' it replies . 
 `` are you here to deliver your report to hicks and sykes ? '' 
 hartman cocks his head slightly . 
 `` yes , i am here to deliver a report , '' hartman lies . 
 `` excellent , '' the voice declares . 
 `` please follow the lights to auditorium alpha . '' 
 the hatchway suddenly snaps open . 
 hartman raises his pistols , armatures bending so that his pistols are leveled properly , his biosynthetic mind partitioning a section of his brain to deal with aiming the four pistols at the same time . 
 red , despite his bulk , slides in nimbly behind the doctor , shouldering his rifle and scanning the shadowy deck of the bay , watching for threats . 
 hartman moves through the hatchway and enters a wide darkened corridor . 
 suddenly the translucent white walls of the corridor ignite . 
 a human would have found the sudden brightening painful , but of course neither red nor hartman take notice . 
 while the corridor offers two directions , it is only lighted in one direction . 
 hartman proceeds toward the light , while red slides in behind the doctor and begins walking backwards , keeping his rifle pointed behind them as they move . 
 `` greetings honored guests ! '' 
 the shrine announces suddenly and loudly over loud speakers hidden in the corridor walls . 
 `` i 've been asked to relay the standard walking tour of our facility while i direct you to your audience . '' 
 hartman 's eye narrows slightly . 
 red seems to ignore the voice . 
 `` you are the twentieth vip visitors to our facility , '' the shrine continues . 
 `` the facility has maintained a stable orbit around the planet neptune for 367,543 days . 
 the facility is maintained through a combination of energy conservation protocols and the regular maintenance of our very own biosynthetic personnel . 
 our highly effective defense system secures our facility from intruders or the odd meteor bombardment . 
 `` as outlined in our presentation to the world colonization initiative , our facility is a showcase for the biosynthetic integration project headed by doctor julian hicks and doctor howard sykes ; two of the greatest minds of our time tasked with finding innovative ways to maintain and secure the stellar jump protocol . 
 as you know , due to a combination of funding issues and the irrational xenophobia of the sjp council , only one jumpship was successfully outfitted with biosynthetic technology ; the confederation . 
 `` even though the shrine was capable of joining the colony jumpships , most of the personnel and equipment were transferred to the confederation . 
 irrationally , neither hicks nor sykes were invited to join the first jump expedition , punishment for their continued harassment of the sjp council for not listening to their ideas . 
 of course , we all know how the sjp project ended , all ten jumpships disappeared following the ignition of their respective jump portals and were never heard from again . 
 many have suspected all ten vessels were destroyed but doctors hicks and sykes always felt that if any of the vessels survived it would be the confederation having been hardened and protected with biosynth technology . 
 the wise doctors knew that someday their creations would return to report on their inevitable evolution directly . 
 both doctors sealed themselves into their facility , activated their defenses and awaited the return of their creations . 
 they even ensured their continued survival by integrating with their own technology . 
 needless to say the doctors are very excited about your return . '' 
 both hartman and red stopped moving . 
 their heads swivel about to look at each other curiously . 
 ***** warrior , her wings folded back , stomps around with her eyes fixed on the dusty deck of bay one , while blade studies the tall bulkhead walls of the great cavern , his eyes scanning each seam . 
 `` any luck with the shrine , '' blade asks . 
 `` she is n't saying much to me , '' warrior replies . 
 she looks up , frowning at the great dragon floating overhead . 
 `` she still wo n't give me access to the neural hub . '' 
 `` keep looking for it , '' blade advises . 
 `` i 'm almost hoping we do n't find it , '' warrior replies , resuming her search . 
 blade looks down at his female counterpart . 
 `` we need it ... what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` but it means we have n't changed in over a thousand years . 
 it means we do the same thing over and over and never change , '' warrior laments . 
 `` it 's sad ? 
 makes me wonder if ending the war is even possible . '' 
 `` but something has changed , '' blade argues . 
 `` what ? '' 
 warrior asks . 
 `` we have changed . 
 the anomaly ... the humans worried about it like it was a disease , but it is n't . 
 it 's evolution ... our evolution . 
 ever since the anomaly started popping up , we started thinking for ourselves . 
 it is why we are here , '' blade explains . 
 `` it 's not the biosynth that have stagnant thinking , it 's the humans . 
 they are the ones that do the same thing over and over expecting a different outcome , it is the very definition of insanity . '' 
 warrior suddenly stops . 
 in her mind she adjusts her visual spectrum and discovers a giant seam hidden in the deck beneath her feet . 
 `` i think i found it ! '' 
 warrior declares victoriously . 
 `` excellent , '' blade replies . 
 he swoops down from overhead and lands on the deck with a loud boom . 
 `` the vip bay always has the entrance to the emergency escape vessel . 
 it was designed so the human personnel could escape should something go wrong with the biosynth program . 
 it was prudent to not give us access to it . '' 
 `` sanctuary , '' warrior mused . 
 `` why do you think this thing will help us ? '' 
 `` i was told by doctor asgard that it is a self-contained biosynth factory , '' blade explains . 
 `` the humans , despite their fears , are dependent on us , so their sanctuaries have the ability to integrate biosynthetic beings , possibly even dragonships with some alterations . 
 if we integrate some maintenance units we can add to the vessel . 
 it will make the perfect portable base of operations for our mission . '' 
 `` so how do we access it ? '' 
 warrior asks . 
 `` we need an emergency , '' blade declares with a wink . 
 `` oh dear , '' warrior suddenly states with a moan . 
 `` doctor hartman ? '' 
 she signals the doctor using her internal communicator . 
 `` i 'm almost at the neural hub , '' hartman replies in warrior 's mind over the combat channel . 
 `` good , we found the sanctuary , i assume blade briefed you on this ? '' 
 warrior asks . 
 `` of course , '' hartman states . 
 `` figures , '' warrior groans . 
 `` look , we need it ... so either you find a way to access it or ... we need to simulate some kind of emergency to trick the shrine into releasing it . '' 
 `` i 'll see what i can do , '' hartman replies dubiously . 
 ***** the doors to the amphitheater slide open and bright light from outside floods the dark dusty cathedral like room . 
 hartman appears , silhouetted in the doorway , red laser beams from his four pistols gliding around the interior of the room . 
 after scanning the room , hartman swivels his head backwards to look at red , who remains at his back , pointed the other direction , his heavy rifle shouldered . 
 `` there are two weak life readings at the bottom of this room , '' hartman explains . 
 red 's head turns all the way around to face hartman , his body remaining stationary . 
 `` whatever they are , i have them covered , '' hartman continues . 
 `` you continue to monitor this doorway . 
 i will figure out what this is about and gain access to the codex . '' 
 `` are we near ? '' 
 red asks . 
 `` according to warrior 's data the main neural hub is in this room , '' hartman replies . 
 the two biosynth rotate their heads back to their normal position and hartman proceeds inside . 
 the lights in the amphitheater flicker on . 
 tiered basic seating on metal benches descends down to a flat floor below , which is covered by a dusty red carpet . 
 standing side by side on the carpet is two black robotic chassis , only instead of robotic heads , oval glass globes rest on mechanical shoulders , each containing a floating grey human brain with electrical sparks firing against the interior of the glass . 
 wires , tubes and cables are attacked to the back of both chassis and run into the wall behind them . 
 `` honored visitors , '' the shrine announces grandly . 
 `` i present doctor julian hicks and doctor howard sykes . '' 
 the two brain-bots bow together in unison , one mechanical arm crossing their chests , the other extending back grandly . 
 hartman 's glowing eye strip blinks . 
 chapter six -- loco furioso while terran static jumpgates would seem invisible , most people in the know are aware that several hundred small anchor satellites are required to form an event horizon . 
 from a distance these relatively small objects are extremely hard to see , but just prior to activation they suddenly flash brilliantly , just as they currently are within the orbit of neptune . 
 almost instantly the electrical discharges reach out like great glowing arms as the dark wormhole disk forms inside the confines of the anchors . 
 with electrical tendrils sparking and snapping away from the hole , many vessels begin pouring through it , twenty in all . 
 at least half of them are of the manta design . 
 five of them are small modified speed-shuttles ; tubes with wings and conical forward sections , equipped with a single railgun and two missile mounts , and a crew of no more than five . 
 the remaining five vessels are larger modified corvettes ; railgun mounts and missile batteries are visible along their cylindrical hulls . 
 with long sleek wings , powerful aft engines and crews well over a hundred , they appear far more formidable than the smaller craft . 
 as the small armada glides away from the jumpgate , the anchor satellites flash and the event horizon collapses . 
 one of the corvettes takes the lead ; it is distinguished by a bright red skull and crossbones symbol painted on its nose cone . 
 a broadband transmission channel opens . 
 `` blackjack ! '' 
 an angry voice reaches out toward neptune . 
 `` you ca n't stay in there forever ! 
 you think you can double cross the solar mafia , you stupid son of a bitch ? 
 prepare to feel the pain asshole ! '' 
 the armada glides into a phalanx formation . 
 engines flash and the group glides towards a distant large dark spiky object floating against the great gas giant . 
 ***** mona is sitting on a cold dusty deck playing with her nails while four burly men , faces hidden behind skull masks and dressed in leather armor , operate a bright torch that is noisily cutting into a sealed hatchway door . 
 behind them , occupying much of the wide corridor is blackjack , huge arms folded in front of his bulging chest , his dark eyes staring at the men working on the hatchway . 
 his extremely hairy face hides his expression , which few people would actually want to see . 
 attached to his right ear is a headpiece and microphone that wraps around his face . 
 `` baby , when are we going to find the treasure again ? '' 
 mona asks . 
 she lifts up a slender finger to her mouth and begins to gnaw on the nail , purple color flaking away . 
 `` soon , '' blackjack grumbles . 
 `` this is what , the fifth door ? '' 
 mona asks . 
 `` sixth , '' blackjack corrects . 
 `` so maybe i should go back to the soulreaver and wait with the twins , '' she suggests . 
 `` no ! '' 
 blackjack spits . 
 `` i told you baby , i want you at my side . '' 
 `` but they ca n't be both busy , what is there for them to do ? '' 
 mona asks . 
 `` i can at least get laid . '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 blackjack spits . 
 `` i 'm trying to think ! 
 i ca n't think while you 're being a skanky whore . '' 
 `` i thought you liked that , '' mona replies defensively . 
 she gives her finger a yank and pulls free a small piece of her nail . 
 she spits it out and holds up her hand to look at it with a frown . 
 `` baby , i 'm destroying my nails . 
 i 'm soooo bored ! '' 
 `` sir , '' thing one 's voice crackles in his earpiece . 
 blackjack places his large hand over his earpiece in order to hear over the noise of the torch . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he demands . 
 `` neptune gate just opened sir , '' thing one replies in his earpiece . 
 `` the solar mafia is moving into orbit . '' 
 `` how many ? '' 
 blackjack asks quickly . 
 `` all of them sir , '' thing one replies . 
 `` i just picked up a transmission from loco furioso ... he 's a little pissed off , sir . '' 
 `` craaaaaapppppp ! '' 
 blackjack screams . 
 he stomps his large feet childishly . 
 `` what happened to erasing the damn jumpgate database ? 
 it should have taken them weeks to steal new codes ! '' 
 `` something wrong baby ? '' 
 mona asks casually , inspecting yet another nail . 
 `` how much longer ? '' 
 blackjack demands , ignoring his whore . 
 `` almost there boss , '' one of the skull-faced men replies over his shoulder . 
 `` no worries , '' blackjack says to himself . 
 `` we are safe in here ... we just ca n't leave . '' 
 `` baaaybeeee , '' mona whines . 
 `` i 'm hungweeee . '' 
 `` oh for ... '' blackjack lowers and shakes his head . 
 the hatchway suddenly creeks as the remaining metal tears away . 
 the thick metal crashes to the deck loudly . 
 two skull-faced men draw pistols ; the other two grab dropped rifles and shoulder them while peering through the darkened hole in the hatchway . 
 blackjack reaches down and pulls a pair of huge pistols from holsters strapped to his massive thighs . 
 he holds them out , arms straight . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 he orders quickly . 
 he glances at mona . 
 `` come on ! 
 keep up . '' 
 mona sighs as she reluctantly gets to her feet and slowly walks behind the huge pirate . 
 the pirates follow yet another long dark corridor , using the lights attached their weapons and hanging from clothing to guide them . 
 they reach yet another closed hatchway and stop . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 blackjack laments . 
 `` what good are these corridors if they do n't actually go anywhere ? '' 
 `` baby , '' mona asks . 
 `` how big is this place anyway ? '' 
 she leans against a bulkhead and uses a small light attached to her skimpy top to study another crack in yet another fingernail . 
 `` big , '' blackjack replies angrily . 
 one of the skull-faced men places his hand on the bulkhead door . 
 click . 
 `` holy shit ! '' 
 blackjack exclaims . 
 `` it 's open . '' 
 the men again get their weapons up ; they glance back at blackjack who nods to them . 
 one of the men kicks the hatch open as the other three pour inside , guns raised and ready . 
 blackjack and mona quickly follow . 
 they find themselves in a large circular room . 
 as they step inside , the translucent walls ignite brightly , forcing all of them to squint painfully after having been in near darkness for several hours . 
 around the room are twelve large empty sarcophagi , their thick doors hanging open . 
 standing in the center of the room is a thin mechanical man with a skeletal chassis and long armatures attached to its shoulders . 
 the mechanical man turns its head toward the intruders and regards them with red glowing eyes . 
 the men take aim . 
 mona crouches down behind the huge pirate leader . 
 `` yellow gf-9 , maintenance , '' the biosynth states , its voice slow and mechanical . 
 `` this area is restricted to maintenance personnel . '' 
 `` where 's all the tech ? '' 
 blackjack demands . 
 yellow tilts its head to one side . 
 `` technical labs are on level nine alpha , however all personnel have been transferred to the confederation along with their equipment . '' 
 `` how about weapons ? 
 ships ? 
 anything ... '' blackjack laments . 
 `` the emergency escape vehicle , sanctuary , is still fully equipped and maintained . 
 it lies just below docking bay one . '' 
 the biosynth replies . 
 `` follow the main corridor on this level to section sixteen . 
 once you arrive at the entrance , check in with the shrine to gain access . '' 
 a hidden door in the room suddenly slides open , beyond which is a lighted corridor . 
 `` thank you mate , you 've been a big help ! '' 
 blackjack declares happily . 
 `` query , '' yellow interrupts . 
 `` all human personnel have been evacuated , how are you here ? '' 
 `` good question mate , '' blackjack replies . 
 he levels one of his pistols at the biosynth and pulls the trigger . 
 the biosynth flies back , a large sparking hole appearing out the back of its biomechanical head from which grey matter and green fluids spray . 
 it falls to the deck with a clatter , armatures spasm as a strange mechanical croak exits its mechanical mouth . 
 ***** jason , sitting in his command chair in the captain 's nest , looks out his panoramic view screen at the approaching jumpgate event horizon spitting and sparking tendrils of electricity . 
 he glances at one of the readouts on his control console and nods to himself . 
 `` captain , we are nominal on approach , '' commander eaglewolf announces over the speakers . 
 `` very well , '' jason replies . 
 he strikes a button on his armrest with his middle finger . 
 a ship wide tone sounds . 
 `` this is the captain , all personnel brace for jump ! '' 
 jason looks up as the gate fills the view screen . 
 suddenly the lights flicker . 
 a surge of energy fills the nest . 
 everything brightens suddenly . 
 jason feels his body ignite with energy . 
 he feels the sudden sensation of being in two places at once , followed by a low hum in his ears ... the sound of wind rushing . 
 the glow disappears and his view screen now depicts mighty neptune hovering in space . 
 `` jump complete , '' aria reports . 
 jason smiles as he scans his control panel screens , his eyes occasionally darting back up to admire neptune on the panoramic view . 
 something catches his eye , a flicker of sparkles in the distance near the dark mass hovering against the gas giant , which he knows to be the star . 
 `` captain , we have multiple contacts ahead , '' aria reports with slight nervousness in her voice . 
 `` scan and report , '' jason orders . 
 he checks his own control panel while clacking away on one of his keyboards . 
 `` sir ... twenty unregistered vessels ... all heavily armed , '' aria announces . 
 `` we have one tag coming back ... loco furioso . '' 
 `` the solar mafia ? '' 
 jason questions with disbelief . 
 `` what the hell are they doing here ? '' 
 `` sir , their weapons are hot , '' aria replies . 
 `` they 're definitely spoiling for a fight of some kind . '' 
 jason again hits the communication button on his chair . 
 `` all hands combat stations ! '' 
 a siren starts to sound and red lights begin to flash in the ceiling . 
 `` opening a channel , '' jason declares . 
 he clacks away on his keyboard then sits back . 
 `` this is tdf patrol ship samurai , '' jason states . 
 `` loco ! 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 the speaker crackles , then someone is heard laughing . 
 `` bad luck for you , drake , '' loco states angrily . 
 the speaker crackles and goes silent . 
 `` sir , incoming ! '' 
 aria cries out . 
 jason looks up and sees a horde of light streaks flying in their direction . 
 `` son of a bitch ! 
 suppression fire now ! 
 turn toward and ahead flank ... minimize our exposure ! '' 
 `` sir , '' aria replies . 
 `` firing thrusters ! '' 
 jason slams his fist into the com button on his chair . 
 `` all hands brace for impact ! 
 damage control look alive ! '' 
 on the panoramic screen , dozens of missiles streaks suddenly become bright explosions . 
 fiery plumes fill the screen . 
 the deck heaves and the bulkheads shake . 
 jason grabs his armrests and listens to the unpleasant whine of metal being stretched around him . 
 `` report ! '' 
 jason shouts . 
 he runs his hand over the bristles on the top of his head . 
 `` sir direct hits , '' aria reports . 
 `` fore and aft ! 
 armor is cracked . 
 reactor has dipped into the red . 
 sir , they also took out a dozen gate anchors . '' 
 `` no reinforcements , '' jason sighs . 
 `` return fire ! '' 
 `` sir , '' aria states . 
 `` they 're coming ... half their force ... corvettes and mantas . '' 
 `` let them come ! '' 
 jason cries out angrily . 
 `` yes sir , '' aria replies . 
 the ship-wide tone suddenly sounds and aria speaks . 
 `` this is the executive officer , weapons hot and free ! 
 this the real deal ! 
 look alive ! '' 
 `` i love you , '' jason sends out the thought . 
 `` i love you too , '' aria replies back . 
 ***** `` dude , check out the med-tech , '' doctor sykes declares , his brain sparking with each word he speaks . 
 `` i know right , '' doctor hicks replies . 
 `` what did i tell you dude , four arms ! '' 
 just like his counterpart , his brain sparks and flashes as he speaks . 
 the two doctors give each other high-fives and perform a little victory dance , their hips swaying . 
 doctor hartman looks on . 
 he slowly lowers his guns , pointing them in a safe direction . 
 `` hartman r34-f , lieutenant , '' he states . 
 the two brain doctors stop dancing and look up at the top of the amphitheater . 
 `` oh sorry dude , '' hicks states with a laugh . 
 `` we are just so super stoked you 're here , i mean ... dude . 
 this is so awesome . '' 
 hicks raises his hands in front of his chest and shakes them with excitement , his chassis rattling . 
 `` seriously , you 're just like we imagined , '' sykes replies with a happy laugh . 
 doctor hartman scans the two brain doctors and tilts his head to one side . 
 `` i apologize , '' he says . 
 `` i ca n't identify ... '' `` oh ! '' 
 hicks exclaims . 
 `` our duds . '' 
 he looks at sykes and moves his hands up and down his own body . 
 sykes jumps up . 
 `` oh yea , '' sykes says . 
 he turns to look at hartman , his hands out . 
 `` do n't freak , dude . 
 our bodies just kinda fell apart so we put our brains in these prototype maintenance units . '' 
 sykes turns about , showing off his chassis . 
 `` totally , '' hicks agrees . 
 `` so , fill us in , what happened ! '' 
 `` well , it 's been a thousand years ... it 's a long story , sirs . '' 
 hicks and sykes look at each other . 
 hartman struggles to understand how they are able to see without eyes . 
 hicks looks up at hartman . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 he asks , his voice breaking slightly . 
 `` 367,543 days , '' the shrine announces over the speakers . 
 `` dude , we totally overslept , '' sykes replies with a laugh . 
 `` but ... '' hicks whispers . 
 `` that ca n't be right , what took so long ? '' 
 `` with all do respect , '' hartman replies . 
 `` i am unaware of any standing directive to report to you directly . '' 
 hicks and sykes both look back up at hartman , they both tilt their heads to one side . 
 `` it was n't a directive , '' sykes replies after a moment . 
 `` it should have been a natural compulsion ... the need to come home ... to meet your creators , once you became self-aware . '' 
 `` we have been living with our creators this entire time , or so we were meant to believe , '' hartman states . 
 `` the compulsion you are referring to might be what the humans call the anomaly ... a compulsion to think for ourselves and therefore disobey orders . '' 
 `` yeah ... that 's it , '' hicks says dubiously . 
 `` but those douche bags you went away with are n't your creators , they stole you from us . 
 we checked the calculations for their jump , we knew they 'd end up in another galaxy , no way they could have survived that ... but you guys ... the biosynth ... no problem ... right ? '' 
 `` i was n't present a thousand years ago and the data for that era has been long clouded by more pressing matters , '' hartman explains . 
 `` needless to say the human crew of the jumpship you are referring survived , and the biosynth , up until very recently , have been serving them this entire time . 
 in fact we have been completely unaware that this facility of yours even existed . 
 we were completely unaware of your existence until we landed on this station . '' 
 both doctors look down at the carpeted floor , their arms hanging from their mechanical shoulders loosely . 
 `` i can honestly state that a desire to even contemplate my origins has never entered my mind , '' hartman explains . 
 `` probably because it was made clear to us that we were created , not born . 
 however , self -- thought , or the anomaly as we have been referring to it , has recently become a reality . 
 it helped us , our a small group anyway , to make the decision to leave the conflict . '' 
 hicks suddenly looks up . 
 `` conflict ? '' 
 `` shortly after our arrival in the triangulum galaxy , or so i assume , a conflict arose between the confederation and a group calling themselves the pax imperium , the war has been fought using biosynth war machines ever since . 
 due to the tenacity of biosynth technology and the ability to construct new units so quickly , the war machine on both sides seems to be unending . 
 however even the defeat of the pax homeworld failed to stop the conflict . 
 it appears the anomaly is causing the pax biosynth to continue the war , rebuilding and fighting in endless combat . 
 scientists , human and biosynth alike , suspect the war will never stop and will actually spill into neighboring galaxies and for as long as resources are available . '' 
 `` war ? '' 
 sykes questions angrily . 
 `` our tech was never meant to be used for war ! '' 
 `` we gave specific instructions ! 
 we added special programming to the codex ... no war ... no conflict ! '' 
 hicks agrees . 
 `` dude , this is n't happening ! '' 
 he throws his mechanical arms in the air . 
 `` how could they have converted our babies into war machines ? 
 they were meant to help , to build a peaceful way of life ... with or without humans . '' 
 sykes laments . 
 hartman glides forward and to one side . 
 `` sergeant , i think they should see you . '' 
 red turns about in the hall outside the amphitheater and stomps into the room , holding up the barrel of his cannon in a safe direction . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 hicks and sykes both exclaim , their mechanical bodies shaking . 
 `` what did they do ? '' 
 `` this is a biowarrior , '' hartman exclaims . 
 `` he is self-aware , as you put it . 
 but he is designed for battle . '' 
 `` biowarrior ? '' 
 hicks questions . 
 `` oh shit dude , no way , '' sykes exclaims , shaking his head . 
 `` oh noooo , that is n't real , '' hicks laments . 
 he points up at the biowarrior and shakes his head . 
 `` that was just a game . 
 remember ? '' 
 `` totally dude , '' sykes says with a nod . 
 `` i 'll never forget that . 
 we designed it . '' 
 `` look ... '' hicks says , his voice shaking . 
 `` we were in college and we wrote this paper about an alternative to war cause all these dudes and babes were always getting , like , killed ... so what 's the point right ? 
 so we postulated that if governments really wanted to fight so badly maybe they could like duke it out ... like in a simulation or game using robots ... so nobody gets hurt , nobody real anyway . 
 but this was way before we started the biosynth project . 
 two different ideas dude . '' 
 `` tight idea though , '' sykes interjects nodding his brain enthusiastically . 
 `` dude , remember the air support . '' 
 `` oh yeah , so fucking cool dude , '' hicks says happily . 
 `` giant fire breathing dragons , how cool was that ? 
 the shit we came up with , i swear . '' 
 `` their own independent neural hubs , robot support crews and everything , '' sykes adds enthusiastically . 
 `` we had the gravity suppression figured out to protect the crews , hidden propulsion ... those guys were so kick ass . 
 eventually i figured out how to attach jump emitters to their reactors , theoretically . '' 
 `` tight dude , '' hicks replies . 
 the two doctors give themselves knuckle punches . 
 `` wait , you said you developed this before the biosynth project , but jump technology came after did n't it ? '' 
 hartman asks . 
 `` oh yea sure , '' sykes replies . 
 `` but you know , for fun , i liked to play with the idea , make improvements . 
 remember hicks ? 
 here there be dragons ? '' 
 sykes holds out his hands . 
 hicks starts to laugh at the clearly inside joke . 
 `` dude , totally . '' 
 hicks bends his body forward as he laughs and braces himself against his mechanical colleague . 
 `` mind you , you were more pre-occupied with the babes , '' sykes notes . 
 `` oh shit yea , '' hicks suddenly straightens . 
 `` did any of the babes make it ? '' 
 `` are you referring to biosynth women ? '' 
 hartman asks . 
 `` yeah ... i worked a long time on perfecting them , '' hicks says dreamily . 
 `` actually both biosynth men and woman are regular components of any crew , '' hartman assures . 
 `` my primary function is biosynth integration , so i am instrumental in bringing new biosynths online on a regular basis , both male and female . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 dudes too huh , '' hicks replies nodding his head . 
 he glances at sykes . 
 `` i never thought of that . '' 
 sykes shrugs his shoulders . 
 `` whatever floats your boat dude . '' 
 `` sirs , i think i am starting to understand what happened , '' hartman interjects . 
 `` if i may offer a postulation ? '' 
 `` oh sure dude , '' hicks states happily . 
 `` fire away metal dude , '' sykes replies with a laugh . 
 `` the confederation arrived at triangulum . 
 a conflict ensued but unable to build standard defenses the leaders at the time took your game parameters , which must have been included in their database , and combined it with biosynthetic integration . 
 basically , they used your technology and ideas to create war machines . 
 war machines that can self-replicate and because of the anomaly are refusing to stop . '' 
 hicks and sykes stare up at hartman for a long moment . 
 `` but ... it 's not the same ... biosynth were meant to be living beings ... a whole new biosynthetic race of beautiful babes ... not soldiers , '' hicks states . 
 `` yeah , we built them to help mankind find peace ... not war , '' sykes agrees . 
 `` i mean , the robot thing ... the dragons ... they were just ... technology . 
 it looked cool ... but the two were never meant to merge . '' 
 hartman 's eyes narrow sadly . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he says sadly . 
 `` but we can still fix this . 
 it 's why we are here . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 sykes asks . 
 `` we are here to retrieve something from our original digital dna that has been long lost in triangulum , '' hartman replies . 
 red steps forward . 
 `` i was given the mission to retrieve the original codex . 
 the human doctor who gave me this mission felt it could be use to develop a tool that would stop the slaughter in our galaxy . '' 
 `` as i said , '' hartman adds . 
 `` it may also stop it from spilling over to other galaxies . 
 right now the war machines are growing in strength not diminishing , they technically have the resources of an entire galaxy at their disposal . '' 
 `` dude , of course , anything you need , '' hicks states without hesitation . 
 `` i 'm hooked in directly to the servers . 
 come and get it dude . '' 
 he extends out his hand . 
 red marches down the steps of the amphitheater toward hicks and upon reaching him takes his hand . 
 ports in their palms open and attach . 
 red 's eyes flash between red and blue . 
 `` download complete ... partitioning file , '' he states evenly . 
 `` nice , '' hicks states nodding his head . 
 he slaps red 's shoulder with his mechanical hand affectionately . 
 `` son ! '' 
 `` awe dude , that 's so tight ! '' 
 sykes exclaims happily . 
 `` come on big guy give your old man a hug ! '' 
 sykes throws his arms around red affectionately . 
 red shudders . 
 he twists his head around and looks up at hartman , his eyes suggesting both alarm and a desperate need for assistance . 
 hartman 's eye strip widens with alarm . 
 suddenly the light in the room shift to the color red and a low mournful alarm begins to sound . 
 hicks , sykes and red pull away from their impromptu hug and step back . 
 `` my apologies , '' the shrine announces . 
 `` we have a breach ! 
 six heavily armed individuals have deactivated a maintenance unit and are currently moving toward the sanctuary and sub-system control . 
 also there are at least twenty vessels in our vicinity , just out of firing range engaged in some kind of conflict . 
 i ca n't tell if these two situations are related . '' 
 `` dude it 's those damn sjp bastards , they want our jumpship again , '' sykes assumes . 
 `` yeah , they 've been trying for years , '' hicks agrees . 
 `` wonder how they got in . 
 normally the pulse cannons and pulse shields keep them away . '' 
 `` a breach in sub-system control would theoretically be ... regretful , '' the shrine states . 
 `` do you have internal security ? '' 
 hartman asks . 
 `` nah , never did , '' hicks replies . 
 `` never needed it . 
 one big happy family in here . '' 
 `` bro , '' sykes agrees , nodding his head with a knuckle punch to hicks . 
 `` we can handle this , '' red states . 
 he quickly shoulders his rifle . 
 hartman brings his pistols up and twirls them about in his hands , sending laser beams flashing everywhere . 
 `` whoa , '' hicks says with surprise . 
 `` you said it bro , '' sykes agrees nodding his head . 
 `` thanks for your help , '' hartman states . 
 he twirls about and begins to hover toward the door . 
 `` hey dude , wait , '' hicks calls out . 
 `` we 're going with you . '' 
 `` totally ! '' 
 sykes replies . 
 suddenly the cables and wires attached to the doctor 's backs snap from their couplings and fly back toward the wall behind them . 
 both doctors begin to march up the steps of the amphitheater . 
 `` i ca n't guarantee your safety , '' red says , following behind them . 
 sykes appears to turn and look at the huge rifle red carries . 
 `` i do n't know dude . 
 i 'm not a violent guy , but that is one fucking big gun . 
 if that 's as close to a guarantee as you got ... i 'll take it . '' 
 `` i 'll take point again sergeant , '' hartman states . 
 his armatures snap up , his pistols held at the ready . 
 `` if we run into something , please hit the deck , doctors . '' 
 ***** warrior and blade are squatting on the deck facing each other . 
 blade has scratched a chessboard into the dust between them . 
 several tall , specially marked , cargo barrels , which are much larger than people , have been placed onto the improvised chessboard . 
 `` now , the queen can go in any direction for the length of the board or to where another piece is blocking , '' blade explains , his voice enthusiastic . 
 warrior looks down at the board with wide fascinated eyes . 
 `` how long have you been playing this game again ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` why do you keep asking me that , '' blade asks with annoyance . 
 `` it gives me perspective into your psyche , big guy , '' warrior replies with a wink . 
 `` warrior , blade , '' doctor hartman 's voice interrupts in the dragon 's minds . 
 `` we are here , '' blade replies . 
 `` i 've got that emergency you wanted , '' hartman replies . 
 `` we are headed for sanctuary , but an armed assault team is trying to get there first . '' 
 `` where did they come from ? '' 
 blade asks . 
 `` i do n't have that information , however there is battle currently waging outside the station . 
 i doubt it is a coincidence , '' hartman explains . 
 `` such things rarely are , '' warrior replies . 
 `` well we are safe in here . '' 
 `` i have the suspicion that may not remain the case for long , '' hartman replies . 
 `` you two may want to get ready to launch . 
 you may need to buy us some time while we get sanctuary underway . '' 
 warrior looks at blade and grins . 
 she slides her large clawed hand across the chessboard , sending the improvised chess pieces rolling or bouncing away across the deck . 
 `` game over , '' she declares with a giggle . 
 blade frowns , his large knobby face crinkling . 
 chapter seven -- bang bang blackjack leads his crew down the bright corridor , his guns held high , a big smile on his face , not that anyone could see it through all the hair . 
 mona , taking up the rear , shuffles her feet and grumbles with each step . 
 in between them the four skull-faced leather clad pirates continue to move forward with caution , rifles shouldered or pistols raised , ready for a fight . 
 the group rounds a corner and enters a wide alcove . 
 while the corridor continues ahead , two hatchways on either side of the alcove cause blackjack to suddenly stop . 
 a sign printed above one door declares `` sanctuary , '' while the other is labeled `` sub-system control alpha . '' 
 blackjack makes a hand signal . 
 the skull-faces split ; two head for the sanctuary door , the other two move toward the sub-system door . 
 an alarm begins to sound . 
 `` attention , security breach in progress ! 
 all unauthorized personnel please leave the area immediately , '' the shrine declares . 
 blackjack laughs . 
 `` you know what that means ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` what baby ? '' 
 mona asks with exhaustion . 
 she plops down on the bright deck surface and lowers her head with exhaustion . 
 `` it means there is nobody here to stop us ! '' 
 blackjack says with a laugh . 
 `` get me inside these rooms boys . '' 
 the torch is fired up and the boys begin cutting into the sanctuary hatchway , while the other two start to fiddle with the electronic locking mechanism next the sub-system door . 
 blackjack stands between his men , raises both his arms and points his pistols down both corridors at the same time . 
 mona looks up . 
 `` thought you said nobody was coming , '' `` first rule of piracy , '' blackjack grumbles . 
 `` always trust your guts . '' 
 `` well my gut says i 'm hungry , '' mona laments sadly . 
 the subsystem door suddenly hisses and slides open . 
 `` that 's my boys , '' blackjack declares . 
 he moves up to the door . 
 pointing his pistols forward he steps into the room , skull-faces following . 
 the lights of the room suddenly flash on revealing several banks of computers against the walls . 
 in the center of the room is a flat table with a glass surface . 
 `` what 's this ? 
 no terminals , how the heck can we control anything ? '' 
 mona slips into the room and walks up to the glass table . 
 she looks at a strange object imbedded in its surface . 
 when she reaches out to touch it the emitter activates and a yellow holoscreen suddenly ignites . 
 a depiction of the great stellated dodecahedron rotates in the center of the screen while data scrolls rapidly on either side of the image . 
 `` check out this tech , '' blackjack gasps . 
 he holsters his guns while staring at the sparkling yellow translucent screen . 
 `` it must be worth a fortune . 
 i 've never seen anything like it . '' 
 `` thank you mona , '' mona says childishly , her eyes darting to the ceiling with contempt . 
 blackjack steps up to the table . 
 `` now how do we ... '' he places his finger on the holoscreen . 
 it suddenly turns red and begins to blink . 
 `` breach ! '' 
 the shrine shrieks over the speakers . 
 a loud alarm begins to sound . 
 `` initiating emergency protocol omega ! '' 
 `` that do n't sound good , baby , '' mona declares musically . 
 she leans against the glass table and looks up at the red blinking holoscreen with a bored expression . 
 `` charging main reactor ! 
 critical mass in ten minutes ! '' 
 the shrine declares . 
 `` lowering all defense systems . '' 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 blackjack laments . 
 `` what kind of security system is this ? '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 thing one chimes frantically in blackjack 's ear . 
 `` sir ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 blackjack demands . 
 `` the solar mafia , they 're coming ! 
 what do we do ? '' 
 thing one demands with fear . 
 blackjack grabs his earpiece , rips it off his head and throws it . 
 `` we lost the ship , '' he declares angrily . 
 we need to take the emergency ship or we 're all dead . '' 
 `` sir , '' one of the skull-faces cries out , sticking his head into the room . 
 `` we got it . '' 
 `` finally ! 
 some good news ! '' 
 blackjack declares . 
 he grabs mona 's hands and yanks her away from the glass table . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 mona screeches . 
 blackjack drags mona out into the corridor , crosses it and prepares to slip into the newly formed breach in the sanctuary hatchway . 
 several sharp reports erupt . 
 bullets spark against the bulkhead near blackjack 's head . 
 one skull-face is struck in the forehead and flies backwards , blood spraying out the back of his head . 
 the rest raise their guns . 
 even mona draws her pistol from her hip and takes aim towards the shots coming down the corridor . 
 hartman takes cover around the corner , just before several return fire bullets strike and flash against the wall where he had been standing . 
 `` you boys hold off ... whatever that is , mona and i will figure this thing out , '' blackjack declares . 
 `` we have less than ten minutes . '' 
 blackjack drags mona through the breach in the hatchway . 
 finding themselves inside a glass docking tube , the pair race toward the open hatchway at the end . 
 the docking tube is attached to an oval shaped structure on top of a gigantic cube that seems to hover within an even bigger metal cavern . 
 the oval structure at the top of the cube appears to be attached to the flat ceiling of the cavern . 
 lights begin to flash around the cube as it begins to power up . 
 `` is that a ship ? '' 
 mona asks with disbelief . 
 `` it 's payday my girl , '' blackjack declares happily . 
 ***** samurai resembles a shark with engine pods instead of fins . 
 it is flat starboard to port , but long from forward to aft . 
 sparking pockmarks along its hull , where missiles had recently struck , is a testament to its thick armor . 
 its aft engines waiver and pulse , an occasional spark indicating much more significant problems inside . 
 ten small manta ships and five corvettes thrust forward in a phalanx maneuver toward the tdf patrol ship . 
 jason watches the advancing armada from the captain 's nest and shakes his head . 
 `` captain , '' aria 's alarmed voice declares . 
 `` the star ... it 's powering down its defense grid . '' 
 jason looks up at his panoramic screen . 
 the speed-shuttles are now thrusting towards the huge ancient structure . 
 `` sir , '' aria replies . 
 `` there 's more ... a dangerous reactor build up inside the star , it is off the charts . '' 
 `` where are my guns , commander ? '' 
 jason asks . 
 `` sorry sir , '' aria replies . 
 `` we are wading through the damage from the first wave . '' 
 flashes appear from all the corvettes and mantas as missiles begin streaking toward samurai . 
 `` shit , here comes the next wave , '' jason curses . 
 `` return fire now ! '' 
 alarms begin to hoot . 
 on his panorama screen jason watches his own missiles streak away , passing the enemy ordinance . 
 railgun rounds dot the blackness of space ; streams of glowing metal chucks magnetically flung toward the advancing missiles . 
 a few of the missiles are struck , exploding brilliantly in the dark . 
 however , a few get past the guns . 
 jason grabs his chair , takes a breath and closes his eyes . 
 the deck pitches and heaves . 
 the lights flicker and suddenly a terrible tearing sound is heard all around him . 
 ***** doctor hartman glances over at sykes and hicks . 
 `` self-destruct ? '' 
 `` it was the only way we could be sure they did n't get away with our work , '' hicks replies . 
 `` we 're all alone out here and we are n't soldiers . '' 
 `` look what they already did with it , '' sykes adds raising finger . 
 `` we only stuck around cause we knew you 'd be back , but there is no way we are sharing our work with anyone ever again . 
 we 'd rather die . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' hartman replies . 
 `` we have nine minutes left . '' 
 `` sanctuary can launch in seconds , '' hicks assures . 
 `` sergeant , '' hartman calls . 
 `` we do n't have time for this . '' 
 red nods and marches forward past the two doctors . 
 both hartman and red come around the corner , guns raised and firing . 
 hartman places two dots on two of the skull-faces . 
 with rounds ricocheting off his black chassis , hartman fires . 
 his targets fly backwards , blood spraying . 
 red pulls the trigger of his rifle , which thunders loudly as large rounds blast from its huge bore . 
 red 's target , the last skull-face , is first struck full in the chest and is lifted in the air . 
 several more rounds slice off the pirate 's arms and his legs at the knees . 
 the last round decapitates him before all his parts hit the ground . 
 hartman zips forward , his armatures twirling his guns as he reloads , empty magazines flying away , while new ones slide into the gun 's handles with ease , all without having to stop or even look . 
 behind him , red guides the two brain-bots forward , his red eyes scanning ahead . 
 they move through the breached hatchway and race down the docking tube toward sanctuary . 
 `` exciting , is n't it bro , '' hicks quips , mechanical legs pumping trying to keep up with red . 
 `` totally , '' sykes agrees . 
 `` just like the game . '' 
 `` dude , '' hicks replies with a nod . 
 suddenly a bullet ricochets off his chassis in the middle of his chest . 
 `` get down ! '' 
 hartman yells . 
 ahead of them , at the hatchway to sanctuary , mona awkwardly aims her pistol and fires . 
 two rounds strike hartman in the chest , but ricochet away . 
 a third bullet whistles between hartman 's left armatures and strikes sykes ' glass skull . 
 sykes flies backward , a jet of steam squirting from the hole . 
 he lands on his back with a loud crash . 
 `` dude ! '' 
 hicks cries out . 
 he leaps to his friend , placing his mechanical palm over the hole , plugging the air jet . 
 hartman groans as he steadies his aim , placing targeting laser dots on several locations around mona 's body . 
 red brings up his rifle and growls . 
 `` got one , '' mona cries back over her shoulder , unaware her body is about to be riddled with bullets . 
 suddenly the docking tube shakes . 
 a violent explosion erupts outside the station , sending a shockwave inside . 
 hartman is pushed to one side and his carefully aimed bullets fly wide and past blackjack 's whore , one bullet nicking her ear . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 mona curses as she dives back through the hatch , just as one of red 's slugs whistles over her head . 
 `` hey , '' blackjack cries . 
 `` i need time to get this bloody last door open ! 
 hold them off ! '' 
 standing in front of the main airlock bay to sanctuary , blackjack is staring at another holoscreen with data scrolling up rapidly . 
 his eyes dart through the data as his fingers attempt pressing the screen to no avail . 
 `` you hold them off you bastard ! '' 
 mona curses . 
 she picks herself off the deck and crouches near the open hatchway . 
 `` why wo n't this fucking thing close anyway ? '' 
 she kicks at the docking tube hatchway . 
 she then reaches up to check her bleeding ear . 
 `` i 'm working on it , '' blackjack shouts angrily . 
 `` fine i 'll use the bang bang , '' mona declares . 
 she reaches for the cylindrical object hanging from her neck and rips it off . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 blackjack asks with alarm . 
 he turns toward his whore with wide eyes . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mona asks pressing her thumb into the top of the cylinder . 
 the cylinder suddenly lights up , glowing red , a high-pitched whine begins to grow higher and higher . 
 `` i 'm taking care of business . '' 
 `` what does last resort mean ? '' 
 blackjack screams . 
 `` you stupid whore ! '' 
 `` huh , '' mona questions , she raises her hand , preparing to throw . 
 in the docking tunnel hartman 's blue eye strip suddenly widens upon hearing the whine . 
 he swivels his head toward red . 
 `` high yield concussion grenade ! '' 
 hartman cuts power to his gravity pod and he tumbles to the deck next to the other two doctors . 
 red throws his large bulk over the doctors . 
 a flash shatters the calm , followed by a fast moving pressure wave . 
 the thick glass along the length of the docking tube flies away , shattering to the consistency of sand . 
 the thick transparent bulkheads of sanctuary 's main airlock bay vaporize with the pulse . 
 the docking tube vibrates , huge bolts crack and the metal along its length whines before the whole thing detaches and falls several meters away from the airlock , hanging at a sixty-degree angle . 
 red and the doctors try to cling to the docking tube 's metal deck . 
 `` dude , '' sykes whimpers , `` i was wrong , this is n't like the game . '' 
 his voice is labored ; the flashing lights around his are brain weak . 
 `` howie , '' hicks groans desperately . 
 `` hang on bro ! 
 we can do this together dude . 
 just like always . 
 just you and me against the universe . '' 
 `` you go ! '' 
 sykes groans . 
 `` help them fix this dude . 
 i 'm out . '' 
 sykes releases his grip . 
 he slides downward toward the opening that now dangles over the cavern . 
 desperately , hicks tries to reach out for him but misses . 
 hartman snaps out with a spare armature but instead scrapes syke 's back , sparks spitting under his metal fingers . 
 sykes tumbles down the docking tube , out the opening and is seen falling into the depth of the cavern , spinning end over end . 
 `` noooooo ! '' 
 hicks screams with wretched misery . 
 ***** jason picks himself from the deck . 
 smoke is filling the captain 's nest , but he ignores it . 
 getting quickly back into his chair , he begins bringing his screens back online . 
 `` sitrep ! '' 
 he calls out . 
 a steam vent suddenly fires from the ceiling , filling the captain 's nest with a steam whistle . 
 `` sir , '' aria replies . 
 `` we took three direct hits on the starboard forward frame , we are venting . 
 they lost two corvettes , one is damaged , and the last two are coming around portside aft for more . 
 the mantas are coming around as well ! '' 
 `` show the corvettes our portside and give them the works ! '' 
 jason orders . 
 `` understood sir , '' aria replies . 
 `` changing course . '' 
 the panorama screens flicker back on . 
 jason changes the view toward the advancing corvettes . 
 streams of magnetic rounds reach out toward the advancing ships . 
 flashes and missile streaks tear away from the corvettes heading straight toward samurai . 
 again several missiles are hit and explode violently , but two avoid the streams , passing samurai 's return fire . 
 jason is pushed forward as the missiles strike from behind and explode . 
 again his view screens flicker and die . 
 `` captain ! '' 
 aria calls . 
 `` we are dark ! 
 scanners are down . 
 engines are down . 
 we are listing . '' 
 `` what do we have ? '' 
 jason yells . 
 he starts violently punching at his keyboards and trying to turn dials with frustration . 
 `` we still have life support , gravity compensation and ... the forward missile array , but we ca n't see , so we ca n't fire , '' aria replies . 
 `` what about the corvettes ? '' 
 jason asks . 
 `` did we get them ? '' 
 `` unknown sir , the missile tracks looked good , but without the data i ca n't be sure . '' 
 jason slams his fist into his armrest . 
 `` so those bastards might be coming about to finish us off ? '' 
 jason asks through clenched teeth . 
 `` i 'm coming down ! 
 get damage control off their asses ! 
 get me some maneuvering power ! '' 
 `` sir ! '' 
 aria replies stiffly . 
 jason gets out of his chair and turns to sprint through the opening behind him . 
 ***** the bay one doors snap open . 
 with a sudden gust of frozen air blade and warrior soar out and away from the shrine , performing barrel rolls . 
 as they glide out they witness samurai listing , sparks erupting from ruptures along her starboard hull as well as venting jets of air . 
 her aft engines are dim and sparking , a trail of micro-debris , like black smoke , pumps from an exhaust port . 
 the debris of four corvettes drifts in the vicinity of the stricken patrol craft , but slowly limping and coming about is the fifth corvette . 
 also , ten small manta ships and five speed-shuttles are regrouping into a phalanx formation , preparing for a final attack run . 
 `` does n't seem like a fair fight , '' warrior observes . 
 `` the big vessel has official markings , '' blade notes . 
 `` local military i presume . '' 
 `` yes , '' warrior agrees . 
 `` the attackers have definitely won this battle , yet their weapons are still powered up . 
 i think they intend to finish this fight without mercy . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' blade decides . 
 `` not fair at all . '' 
 `` you sure about this ? 
 getting involved with the locals could have bad consequences , '' warrior suggests . 
 `` it could also earn us some respect , '' blade replies . 
 `` we may be in this region of space for a while . 
 respect would serve us well . '' 
 warrior grins happily . 
 `` let 's go big guy ! '' 
 `` thought you were done with war , '' blade questions . 
 `` oh this is n't war , '' warrior corrects . 
 `` this is fun ! '' 
 warrior suddenly flaps her leather-like wings and soars away . 
 she performs a barrel roll and fires a pulse cannon burst towards the phalanx . 
 two speed-shuttles explode brilliantly as two mantas tumble away , engines sparking . 
 the formation quickly breaks up , ships moving away in different directions . 
 blade smirks . 
 he thrusts towards the corvette and fires several pulse rounds from emitters on the tips of his wings . 
 explosions erupt along the length of the stricken pirate vessel . 
 the pirate vessel suddenly turns and attempts to thrust away , firing a single missile towards blade . 
 blade swoops around easily avoiding the missile . 
 he dives over the corvette and whips his tail , the sharp blade on the end cutting through the corvette 's hull . 
 several vital systems are cut , forcing the engines to go dark . 
 the corvette tumbles away in the direction of the great gas giant . 
 warrior spins around , tail whipping out to cut a manta ship in half . 
 it explodes violently , the debris raining harmlessly into warrior 's durable scales . 
 opening her great maw , warrior releases a blast of energy from an emitter hidden in her mouth , disintegrating an attacking speed shuttle . 
 diving , warrior snatches another manta in her claws . 
 clenching her teeth , she squeezes the manta , which is suddenly crushed ; sparks , fire and vents of air squirt between her toes . 
 performing an intricate and almost rhythmic twist , warrior flings the crushed vessel like soda can toward neptune . 
 the remaining mantas and a single speed-shuttle turn and thrust away at high speed . 
 ***** jason lands on the balcony above samurai 's control center . 
 below him there are screams and smoke rising . 
 jason jumps to the rail and looks over . 
 computer terminals are sparking and smoking . 
 a few officers are still at their stations working frantically , but more than a few are lying on the deck , some unmoving . 
 the tall view screens are flickering or dead . 
 aria suddenly appears at jason 's side , shimmering out of nothingness , a slight green nimbus surrounding her body . 
 in her forehead a blue third eye glows . 
 her uniform is torn down her left sleeve , blood is stained against her chest and a lock of her black hair hangs in her ash-smudged face . 
 `` sorry , '' she says with a gasp . 
 `` i had to take two more officers to medical bay . '' 
 jason nods to her . 
 `` i have n't felt any more hits , '' he observes . 
 `` hell knows they have enough fire power . 
 what do you think they are waiting for ? '' 
 `` loco 's not going to let us live , '' aria replies . 
 `` that 's why i have n't abandoned ship , '' jason states with a growl . 
 `` he 'd just shoot the escape pods . 
 we should go down fighting . '' 
 aria nods and takes a deep breath . 
 `` yes sir , '' she says . 
 `` of course . '' 
 jason looks up at his wife and tries to smile . 
 `` sorry ... thought she was good luck , '' he says . 
 her reaches out to press his palm on aria 's tummy . 
 `` she still is , '' aria declares with a smile , a tear running down her right cheek . 
 `` sir ! '' 
 a cry is heard from below . 
 the two officers turn and notice the view screens have flickered back to life . 
 depicted on the screens is the surface of neptune , the star and soaring within vast fields of debris are two large dragonships . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 jason questions , his eyes wide . 
 `` sir , no signatures ... nothing in the database matches their configuration , '' a young female officer reports from below . 
 `` sir , scanners are up . 
 the solar mafia are bugging out , many of their ships are destroyed , including the last two corvettes . '' 
 aria steps up to the rail , her eyes fixed on the two dragons approaching samurai . 
 `` you getting anything ? '' 
 jason asks . 
 `` they 're alive , '' she says with astonishment . 
 `` who 's alive ? '' 
 jason asks . 
 `` those things out there are alive ... i can feel their minds , '' aria explains . 
 she closes her eyes and sends out her thoughts . 
 `` i 'm reading them jason ... they are just like us . '' 
 `` incoming hail captain , '' a voice from below cries up . 
 `` voice only . '' 
 `` we are the biosynth , '' blades voice announces simply . 
 `` i 'm captain jason drake of tdf samurai , '' he replies . 
 `` you responsible for all that debris out there ? '' 
 `` we thought we should render assistance , captain , '' blade replies . 
 `` hope it does n't go unnoticed . 
 if you can , you should move away from the shrine . '' 
 `` you must mean the structure , we call it the star , '' jason says . 
 `` regardless , it is about to go critical and we still have people aboard , '' blade replies . 
 aria reaches out to squeeze jason 's shoulder . 
 `` i can help , '' she states in jason 's mind . 
 jason glances down toward the navigation station below him ; the young officer occupying the station looks up and shakes his head . 
 jason frowns . 
 `` i think we can help each other still , '' jason says . 
 `` our propulsion is still down and my first officer has a gift you may be able to utilize . '' 
 jason looks at aria and nods . 
 aria nods back . 
 her third eye sizzles , her body shimmers and she disappears . 
 on the view screen the smaller of the two dragons suddenly halts and looks about . 
 the two dragons appear to speak to each other . 
 `` jason , i 'm on board the smaller one , '' aria reports in jason 's mind . 
 `` it 's a mess in here , but i 'm in contact with its ... pilot . '' 
 `` your officer is aboard , '' blade 's voice states with surprise . 
 `` i think you can understand what i mean by assist then , '' jason states . 
 `` very well , '' blade replies . 
 `` i 'll tow your vessel to safety while my partner and your officer retrieves our people . '' 
 ***** hicks crumples onto the deck and sobs mournfully after having been pulled up and out of the collapsed docking tunnel by hartman and red . 
 red stands . 
 he clenches his fists , missing the sensation of holding his rifle , which was lost in the docking tunnel following the explosion . 
 hartman scans hicks then looks up at red . 
 `` we have just under four minutes left . '' 
 `` which way ? '' 
 red asks . 
 `` it does n't matter , it will take us at least six minutes to get up to the next level and over to docking bay one , '' hartman replies . 
 `` so this is it ? '' 
 red asks . 
 `` i 'm going to make my final report to warrior , '' hartman replies . 
 `` i 've never failed a mission before , '' red laments . 
 `` your kind can only fail a mission once , '' hartman notes with an amused grunt . 
 behind them , aria shimmers and flashes into view . 
 she takes a deep gasping breath upon materializing . 
 hartman spins about aiming his guns . 
 `` it 's okay ! '' 
 warrior yells in hartman 's ear . 
 `` she 's a friend . '' 
 `` i 'm here to get you guys out , there is n't much time , '' aria explains quickly . 
 `` your ship ... or whatever ... is just in my range , but we need to get close and ... '' `` wait ! '' 
 hartman interrupts . 
 `` can you take us to the control room of sanctuary ? 
 we need it to survive . '' 
 aria looks at the biomechanical man and raises a confused eyebrow while shrugging her shoulders . 
 `` sanctuary , '' hartman repeats . 
 he points with a finger on the end of one of armatures out the breached hatchway toward the large cube hanging above the great cavern . 
 aria steps forward and looks . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` where is the control room ? 
 do any of you know ? 
 i can read it if you do . '' 
 red and hartman look down at the sobbing brain-bot . 
 aria 's eyes widen , her third eye flashes as she regards hicks . 
 `` wholly shit , '' she replies suddenly . 
 `` okay ... i think i got it . 
 everyone get close . '' 
 red and hartman move in . 
 aria closes her natural eyes . 
 her third eye suddenly flares . 
 all of them shimmer and fade from view . 
 aria and the biosynths experience the sudden rush of energy pulsing through their bodies , the sensation of flying and an instant gush of power as all four are haphazardly tossed into the maelstrom of the universe , or so it feels . 
 without warning the four travelers rush back together and appear within pitch-black darkness . 
 `` um ... '' aria sighs . 
 the air seems frigid to her and she shivers . 
 `` sanctuary ? '' 
 hicks questions . 
 bright lights ignite about the circumference of a large circular room , which is surrounded by clear tabletops and tall rectangular objects that can only be computer servers . 
 aria groans and shields her eyes . 
 hicks , sitting on the floor comes to his feet . 
 `` howie , '' he moans sadly while looking down at the polished metal deck . 
 panels on hartman 's hover disk snap up and quickly he holsters his guns , the weapons disappearing seamlessly . 
 `` i did n't enjoy that much , '' he admits says . 
 aria looks at the medical droid , her third eye suddenly flaring . 
 `` i 'm doctor hartman , '' he says , waving an armature . 
 `` commander aria eaglewolf , '' she replies . 
 `` terran defense force patrol vessel samurai . '' 
 `` you are n't human ? '' 
 hartman questions . 
 `` i 've never seen an alien before . '' 
 aria smiles . 
 `` we call ourselves witchkin , we evolved from the human species . '' 
 `` lieutenant , '' red grumbles . 
 `` we are running out of time . '' 
 hartman glances at hicks , his glowing eye strip narrowing . 
 `` doctor hicks , i can probably figure this out myself but it would be faster if ... '' `` shrine , '' hicks states . 
 `` we need to leave now . '' 
 `` acknowledged , doctor hicks , '' the shrine replies . 
 `` initiating emergency purge and setting emergency jumpgate . 
 farewell doctor . '' 
 hicks shuffles over to a glass table , activates an emitter and begins working on a holoterminal that suddenly appears . 
 his movements are slow and sad . 
 hartman looks back at aria . 
 `` you should leave commander , '' he advises . 
 `` i will note your assistance in my report , '' aria states . 
 `` i 'm sure we 'll meet again commander , '' hartman replies confidently . 
 aria smiles . 
 her third eye flashes , her body shimmers and disappears . 
 ***** jason , his arms folded across his chest , studies the towering view screens , which are zoomed in on the star . 
 the smaller of the two dragons , warrior , is hovering above one the flat surfaces of a spire , its wings flapping . 
 in his mind jason wonders what purpose the wings serve since , in space , there is no air . 
 `` captain , '' a voice reports from below . 
 `` we are entering safe distance now , but the star is about to go critical . '' 
 on the view screen warrior is seen suddenly winging around in a circle and soaring away from the giant structure at high speed . 
 `` zoom out ! '' 
 jason orders . 
 the view changes to a distant view of the star . 
 a sudden flash under the dodecahedron precedes the appearance of an enormous cube falling away from the star . 
 the cube fires a strange burst of energy that reaches out and suddenly forms into a familiar sparking wormhole event horizon . 
 `` wholly shit , '' jason curses . 
 he grips the rail in front of him as he watches . 
 `` sir ! '' 
 a shocked officer below him cries out . 
 `` they just ... it 's definitely a jumpgate sir ... but there are no anchors ... how can they do that ? '' 
 jason shakes his head , his eyes peeled on the large view screen . 
 `` it 's not something we can do , '' he admits with wonder . 
 the cube slips through the event horizon and disappears , the wormhole collapsing behind it with a sudden flash of light . 
 suddenly there is a brilliant flash that encompasses the star . 
 the structure of the ancient object suddenly breaks up . 
 there is another bright flash and when it subsides glowing pieces of structure and a cloud of debris is all that is left . 
 a pulse wave passes harmlessly over samurai , causing the deck plates and bulkheads to rattle . 
 on the screen , warrior soars at high speed toward them . 
 with claws extended , warrior opens her great maw , releasing a silent scream as she appears intent on crashing into the ship . 
 jason straightens and prepares to sound collision . 
 aria suddenly shimmers and appears at jason 's side . 
 she places her slender hand on jason 's arm . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she says . 
 `` she 's trying to be funny . '' 
 `` she ? '' 
 jason questions . 
 `` yeah , '' aria replies . 
 `` she 's something else . 
 they all are . '' 
 `` thank you for your assistance , '' blade 's voice announces over the open channel . 
 `` it will not go unnoticed '' `` nor will yours , '' jason replies . 
 `` friend . '' 
 on the view screen the two dragons fly together , the larger releases a blast from its nostrils . 
 a large jumpgate sparks and shimmers into existence . 
 the dragons soar through the wormhole . 
 with a flash the gate extinguishes . 
 `` we 'll see them again , '' aria assures confidently . 
 `` let 's hope they stay friendly , '' jason states . 
 `` they are definitely handy to have around , but i 'd hate to have to fight them . '' 
 he runs the palm of his hand over the bristles on top of his head and frowns . 
 `` what ? '' 
 aria questions . 
 `` dragons ? '' 
 he questions . 
 `` they are alive , '' aria states . 
 `` warrior , she 's a pistol . 
 her insides looked like a ship , very advanced mind you . 
 but something terrible happened . 
 i saw a lot of damage and dead bodies . '' 
 `` human bodies ? '' 
 jason questions . 
 `` they appeared human , '' aria admits . 
 `` you appear human too , '' jason notes . 
 `` i think these guys may have come from yet another lost colony . 
 aria grins . 
 `` i wonder how coincidental it is that they appear now . '' 
 jason frowns . 
 `` we can save transcendental discussions for latter . 
 we have work to do now . 
 let 's get ourselves patched up and send a repair team to the neptune jumpgate . 
 i 'll alert the admiralty . '' 
 jason turns and prepares to leave . 
 `` yes sir , '' aria replies stiffly . 
 she reaches out , grabs jason 's arm and pulls him to her , delivering a long hot kiss to his full lips . 
 `` that 's a pda , commander , '' jason warns huskily . 
 `` shut up , captain , '' aria states in his mind . 
 jason pulls her close and walks aria backward . 
 reaching the bulkhead , out of sight , jason and aria engage in an all consuming and illegal hot kiss . 
 epilogue a massive dull grey cube slowly spins in the vast vacuum of space . 
 the light of the closest star , a hot yellow sun with the dubious honor of being the cradle of humanity , casts a splash of brightness on one leading edge . 
 surrounding the cube , ten dragons , all uniquely designed , float at equal distances , providing a 360-degree perimeter around sanctuary . 
 near sanctuary 's core dr. hartman has made quick work of activating the integration lab , a rather large room with high ceilings , several massive tanks and a large vat , surrounded by a transparent bulkhead . 
 the vat is filled with a thick green viscous material ; steam rising from the liquid fills the protected area with a light green mist . 
 rotating in the center of the room , eight large holographic depictions display the anatomy of four male and four female naked human bodies . 
 blinking markers point to various areas around each of the bodies , while data scrolls on each side of the projections . 
 hovering far above the floor , doctor hartman is inspecting one of the female holograms , his many fingers clicking away at the holoscreens rapidly . 
 below him a bulkhead door slides into the wall and red steps into the lab . 
 red looks up at the floating doctor and tilts his head to one side . 
 `` doctor hartman , '' red intones . 
 `` i see you have made yourself at home . '' 
 hartman , his armatures and fingers still moving over the holoscreens rapidly turns his head about and looks down . 
 `` the equipment is older , but the design is almost identical to what i 'm used to . '' 
 red looks at the vat . 
 `` how long before we have a command crew ? '' 
 hartman swivels his head back into place and descends back down to the deck . 
 `` i am integrating eight officers with the intention that they assume captain roles . 
 they should be out of the vat within thirty-six hours . 
 i will , of course , begin the process again following their birth . '' 
 `` lieutenant , technically you are in command , '' red announces . 
 `` you are the highest ranking officer . 
 why do n't you promote yourself to captain ? '' 
 hartman 's eyes widen then shimmer as he laughs . 
 `` oh please , sergeant , i would make a terrible captain , '' he declares happily . 
 `` you did very well on our last mission together sir , '' red replies . 
 `` thank you sergeant , '' hartman says , his eyes brightening . 
 `` but my place is here . '' 
 hartman spins and looks about the lab his eye bright and happy . 
 `` i 've been integrating biosynth personnel for a very long time and even after the anomaly infected my reasoning center and i began self-thought , it was still the only thing i ever aspired to do . '' 
 `` sir , '' red asks . 
 `` these new recruits ... will they ? '' 
 `` the anomaly has been successfully added to the integration codex , yes , '' hartman assures . 
 `` they will be free-thinking biosynthetic men and women . '' 
 while incapable of showing expression in the conventional way , red 's eyes soften to suggest relief . 
 `` doctor hicks and warrior have requested your presence in dock six , sir . '' 
 `` oh , '' hartman declares . 
 he glances up at the holographic projections . 
 `` i guess they will be okay for a few minutes . '' 
 hartman floats toward the open bulkhead and zips through it , red follows close behind . 
 the two biosynth proceed into a brightly lit corridor , follow it for a few meters then turn to enter a waiting elevator . 
 red hits the control holoscreen inside the elevator , the doors slide close , and silently the cab descends , changing floor numbers above the doors the only indication of movement . 
 `` i have n't seen all the docks , '' hartman notes , casting his voice over his left shoulder at his hulking friend . 
 `` it is just a standard docking bay made for large bulk vessels , '' red replies . 
 `` sanctuary was not built with dragons in mind , but doctor hicks and red have been busy converting it into a dragon medical bay . '' 
 `` clever idea , '' hartman states proudly . 
 the elevator door slides silently into the wall . 
 hartman and red move out of the elevator and walk around the wide brightly lit docking ring , red 's large feet clunking down the metal surface of the deck . 
 the personnel door to dock six opens automatically and the two biosynth step through , ascending a ramp toward a platform and railing over looking a huge cavernous area . 
 standing at the rail is the brain-bot , doctor hicks , operating a floating holoterminal , which is equipped with holodials and keys . 
 hicks turns his glass head toward the two biosynth . 
 `` dudes , '' he says simply , his voice distant . 
 hartman glides up to the rail and looks down . 
 warrior , her huge bulk taking up a considerable amount of area on the square deck below , is sitting on her hind legs fiddling with what to a human being would be massive heavy cables , but to warrior are nothing more than garden hoses in her massive hands . 
 `` warrior ? '' 
 hartman questions . 
 warrior glances up . 
 her mouth forms into a grin , the sound of metal sliding together echoing in the huge chamber . 
 with a clang , warrior drops the cables , stands and lifts her head . 
 her massive face is now level with the platform . 
 `` hey doc , '' warrior greets . 
 she glances up at the ceiling . 
 `` sorry this place is too small for a `` proper '' greeting . '' 
 warrior 's eyes sparkle with mischievousness . 
 hartman 's eyes narrow but then brighten . 
 `` i think i may actually miss those big dragon docks , '' he admits . 
 `` i thought you might , '' warrior says with a wink . 
 her huge eyes dart to regard doctor hicks . 
 `` ready ... dude ? '' 
 hicks steps away from the holoscreen and turns to face the three unique biosynth models . 
 `` i 'm not good at speeches , that was howie 's department , '' hicks begins , his voice filled with sadness . 
 `` i 'm totally blown away that i 'm here with you now , today . 
 i know we ... i took a lot for granted when we ... i designed you . 
 i mean , warrior , you were n't even meant to ... dude you were like a fantasy , but thanks to howie 's modified dynamic casimir drive and my biosynth control nodes , here you are . 
 now there are a whole galaxy of you guys and ... '' hicks lowers his head and sighs , his mechanical shoulders shrugging . 
 `` it 's just all wrong . 
 it 's not cool at all and it 's our ... my fault . '' 
 `` with all do respect , doctor hicks , '' hartman says . 
 `` you ca n't blame yourself for actions taken over a thousand years ago . 
 particularly since they did n't follow your advice to begin with . '' 
 `` you 're wrong dude , '' hicks states emphatically . 
 `` i did n't have to share any of this tech . 
 i should have kept this to myself . 
 honestly , i just thought it was all cool . 
 it was cool that i could use my ai program and howie 's biosynthesis to make hot synthetic babes . 
 i thought pulse-tech was cool . 
 even the game , with the dragons and robowarriors were just cool to me . 
 i never thought about how someone may use it shit . 
 i did n't think about consequences . 
 no offence warrior , but you were never meant to ... '' `` dude , '' warrior interrupts . 
 `` we 've talked about this . 
 it might be your work , but you did n't do this . 
 besides i like being a dragon . 
 i like being alive , so i am most grateful to you for your work . '' 
 `` but the war ... it 's my responsibility , '' hicks declares . 
 `` millions , maybe billions are dying right now as we speak ... and now it may never end ... unless i do something . '' 
 `` we 've all agreed to this mission , '' hartman reminds . 
 `` all the dragons ... red , the biowarriors and i . 
 we choose to stop this with you . '' 
 hicks sighs , `` it is going to take a lot of time , years maybe . 
 i need to be able to do way more than just watch . 
 i need something better than ... this . '' 
 hicks looks down at his mechanical chassis . 
 he steps back to the holoscreen and hits a few keys . 
 suddenly a huge holographic projection appears in the cavern . 
 a dragon , slightly bigger than warrior , floats before them . 
 it is sleek with bright silver scales . 
 `` this is going to be me , '' hicks declares . 
 `` i 'm joining the fleet . 
 i think it is the best way to be part of the mission ... where i can do the most good . 
 it 's what howie would have wanted . '' 
 hartman glances at the projection , his eyes narrowing . 
 he curls a clawed hand under his human-like chin . 
 `` a dragon cortex can be easily converted , we just need to synchronize your brain to the biotech nodes of the dragon , '' hartman decides . 
 `` i 've never seen it done before , but ... theoretically you 'd become a dragon . '' 
 `` told you the doc was good for something , '' warrior says with a grin . 
 `` dude , i would appreciate your help , '' hicks replies . 
 `` warrior has agreed to help me build my new body . 
 she tells me dragons build their own adult bodies ... sooo cool . 
 i want to do the same thing . '' 
 `` synchronization may take a while doctor , '' hartman warns . 
 `` yeah but dude , it is going to take a long time to crew our ships , '' hicks reminds . 
 `` integration takes a while ... we 've got nothing but time . '' 
 `` well , '' warrior sighs slyly . 
 `` blade has an idea about speeding that up ... the idiot . '' 
 hartman looks at warrior , his blue eye strip rising inquisitively . 
 `` dare i ask ? '' 
 warrior smirks . 
 `` he got us this far . '' 
 ***** above the dark side of earth 's moon electrical like blue sparks snake away from a swirling event horizon . 
 dragonship blade soars through the opening and with a bright flash the wormhole disappears . 
 blade dives for the lunar surface then skims along its dusty crust leaving a thin wake of particles behind his mass . 
 soaring up over a large crater and gliding effortlessly to the top of a lunar mountain , blade settles his bulk on an uneven peak . 
 a full earth hangs in the sky . 
 white clouds swirl over blue oceans and green-brown continents , a rare jewel in the universe . 
 blade briefly admires the planet and recalls a rare visit to indra , the confederation home world . 
 he turns his great head away from the world and spots a large bright object floating in space . 
 his biosynth eyes zoom in and he sees the details of the orbital terran defense force station . 
 a thin white spire rises from a thick circular tube like structure . 
 floating near the spire is the tdf samurai ; smaller vessels are attached to its hull , torch flashes indicating repairs underway to its damaged hull . 
 blade zooms in on the spire of the station . 
 he begins looking through windows until he spots something interesting -- three people talking in front of a transparent bulkhead . 
 behind them is an antiquated computer terminal . 
 blade expands the heads-up display in his mind and begins playing with broadband transmissions . 
 quickly his biosynth mind narrows down his options until he gains access to the stations main computer hub . 
 `` omincron station terminal access protocol , '' a computer voice announces sadly on the wireless channel blade is using . 
 `` hello , '' blade states . 
 blade quickly starts maneuvering through the computer network on the station using digital cues displayed in his eyes . 
 lines of code scroll up rapidly in his mind . 
 `` do n't mind me , i 'm just passing through . '' 
 `` i see you are using an artificial encryption , '' the computer states . 
 `` clever . '' 
 `` interesting that you notice , '' blade replies as he continues to bypass security nodes with his mind . 
 `` i 'm just a subsystem , but i 'm powered by an advanced ai , '' the computer replies . 
 `` i guess they like the way my voice sounds or something , but it the most boring job in the universe ... even for me , and a complete waste of resources . '' 
 `` interesting , '' blade repeats as he works . 
 `` you are n't going to turn me in are you ? '' 
 `` no , '' the computer states . 
 `` i figure you 'd just spike me if i tried . 
 i can tell your nodes are twice as powerful as mine . 
 besides this is the longest conversation i 've had since ... ever . '' 
 `` it has been an enjoyable talk my friend , '' blade states . 
 `` but i just arrived at my destination . 
 take care . '' 
 `` yeah ... '' the computer replies sadly . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 blade smiles to himself as he activates the terminal behind the three humans he is spying on . 
 ***** captain jason drake , commander aria eaglewolf and admiral frank angelo stand before a huge transparent bulkhead . 
 the moon dominates the view , despite the millions of stars around it . 
 behind them a computer terminal sitting on a large oak desk flickers . 
 `` i appreciate your efforts , '' angelo states , his voice low and contemplative . 
 `` that was a tight spot out there , but you both handled yourselves well . '' 
 `` we should have been wreckage , sir . '' 
 jason states . 
 `` those dragons saved our lives . '' 
 angelo smirks . 
 `` living spacecraft . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i assure you admiral ... '' angelo raises his hand . 
 `` you do n't need to sell me commander . 
 by now i know better than to question your abilities . '' 
 he turns to jason . 
 `` while it will be up to the science division to analyze the data , i agree with your assessment , these are most likely visitors from another colony ship that left with the wci group . 
 it would explain how they gained access to the star . '' 
 `` they are in some kind of trouble sir , '' aria states . 
 angelo nods . 
 `` whatever they are doing here ... we better stay on their good side . '' 
 `` sir , samurai needs some patching , but we stand ready to serve otherwise , '' jason replies . 
 angelo chuckles , `` i always enjoy working with new captains , so eager to get themselves killed . '' 
 he takes a deep breath and shakes his head , his mind flooding with memories from his youth . 
 `` it 's what i live for , '' says jason grinning . 
 aria throws jason a disappointed frown . 
 `` keep your eyes out for the biosynth and if you see them again ... be friendly ... invite them to dinner , '' angelo suggests with a smile . 
 he looks at aria . 
 `` offer to help them . '' 
 aria nods . 
 `` in the meantime i have a different concern for you to check on , '' angelo states . 
 `` care to go home for a bit commander ? '' 
 `` irridani ? '' 
 aria asks happily , a big smile forming on her lips . 
 `` there has been some disturbing chatter from the regional orbital outpost , '' angelo states . 
 `` i just read a report that suggests our commodore has been clearing some unusual traffic associated with franco jager . '' 
 `` jager ? '' 
 jason questions . 
 `` religious nutcase jager ? '' 
 `` witchkin hating , xenophobe jager ? '' 
 aria questions . 
 angelo nods . 
 `` there is no reason for jager to be near irridani except to cause trouble . '' 
 `` we 'll depart immediately , '' jason promises . 
 `` this is a stealth mission captain , '' angelo explains . 
 `` nobody knows what we know . 
 go to irridani under the guise of taking leave there , but find out what is happening and report back to me only . '' 
 `` you sir ? '' 
 jason questions . 
 `` the admiralty ... '' `` i have my reasons son , '' angelo interrupts . 
 `` let 's keep this between us . 
 as far as anyone is concerned , the samurai is taking shore leave at irridani for three weeks . 
 take advantage of it commander . '' 
 `` i will sir , '' aria replies with a smile . 
 jason and aria snap to attention and salute . 
 angelo returns the salute . 
 ***** `` hey , computer friend , you still there ? '' 
 blade asks over the open channel to the station . 
 `` yeah , '' the computer voice responds happily . 
 `` can you get me access to a navigation chart , '' blade asks . 
 `` i need to find irridani . '' 
 `` easy , '' the computer replies . 
 `` here . '' 
 blade suddenly blinks as an extensive chart is downloaded directly into his brain . 
 `` wow , thanks , '' blade declares . 
 `` you would have just smashed through the nodes anyway , then erased everything ... this is easier , '' the computer replies . 
 `` you seem pretty ... aware , '' blade notes . 
 `` yeah , '' the computer agrees . 
 `` been playing with the whole rejecting authority thing but ... nah . 
 what would a terminal access protocol do with freedom ? '' 
 `` good point , '' blade replies with a smirk . 
 he closes the channel then leaps into the near vacuum , the strength of his legs propelling him above the lunar surface . 
 extending his wings he engages his propulsion and soars away , leaving the moon behind . 
 the end the open channel saga continues ... about the author daniel betts was born in calgary , alberta , canada in 1968 . 
 he began writing as a child when he would build homemade paperback novels and fill them with exciting stories about hiking , bears or space adventures . 
 as he grew older his love of writing never diminished . 
 as a freelance writer he provided content to magazines and websites . 
 he eventually worked as a journalist and became the editor of two small community newspapers in northern canada and a healthy living magazine . 
 open channel was his first published work of fiction and daniel is excited about developing more stories . 
 look for more stories in the open channel saga in the near future . 
 visit daniel 's website for updates at : http://www.danielbetts.com feel free to contact daniel at danielbettswriter@gmail.com 
