 layla by lacie perry parker copyright 2004 , 2014 smashwords edition chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chatper 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chatper 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 1 she stepped into the room . 
 lengthy gown with a tight fitting bodice , hair twirled into perfect spirals . 
 my latest governess . 
 i did n't even know her name . 
 she had been instructing me for the past three hours , and even in that little time she had left the room crying . 
 what had i done wrong ? 
 she was reentering , all composed and stable - for the moment . 
 i knew she was too whimsical to last very long , and my point surfaced when went ballistic over my cross-stitching . 
 it was n't my fault i was no good ; she was the first to ever force me to attempt this dreadful domestic trade on this level . 
 `` now , '' she said , her pronunciation faultless , even in such a tiny word . 
 `` you 're going to try this until you get it perfect . '' 
 we 'd be here for the next ten years . 
 `` let me show you again , '' she enthused . 
 i let her take it from me , and watched as she looped the needle in and out . 
 `` my fingers wo n't do that , '' i told her , and it was meant to be more of a confession than a blaspheme . 
 but , of course , being the ninny i could see her to be , she took it the wrong way . 
 jerking it from me , she yelped . 
 `` oh , '' she wailed melodramatically . 
 i pushed the fabric away to see what had caused her to cry out like a gander . 
 `` my , my , a broken nail . 
 what a complete tragedy . 
 i 'll tell father to send for the herbal magician , who is very skilled in strengthening - '' i quit rambling when i noticed she was staring at me , straight in the face . 
 `` forgive me for , uh - not measuring up to your health standards , your highness , but where i come from some matters are strictly personal . '' 
 her eyes were as big as the buttons on her sixteen-inch shoes . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i must have triggered something . 
 she went absolutely crazy . 
 `` you are the most absolute insolent , audacious and stupid girl i have ever seen in my life - '' her hair was flying around wildly . 
 it was quite entertaining . 
 `` if i were you , i 'd quit after saying that . '' 
 i was n't talking threateningly , it was more like egging her on . 
 `` i quit , '' she said , first calmly , but then she screamed it . 
 i braced myself by grasping the arms of the chair i was sitting on with both hands . 
 i watched silently as she left in a huff . 
 and what a familiar exercise this was . 
 no one ever understood me . 
 that was the way i had always felt . 
 sometimes i considered that maybe i was cursed . 
 every moment of my life seemed as though god himself had forsaken me . 
 i love to fence and swordplay ; i also love being loud and getting dirty . 
 unfortunately , those activities were obviously not princess-like behavior . 
 as heir to the tentaleighen throne , i was always expected to be dainty , skilled at embroidery and handiwork , and capable of running the household . 
 i was also expected to know how to cook , at least on a limited basis . 
 my cooking was acceptable , but my embroidery left a lot to be desired . 
 i was always jabbing myself with the tiny needle , leaving red stains all over the delicate fabric . 
 my fencing skills were a different matter . 
 i had always believed that i could prevail over even the highest ranking knights in father 's kingdom . 
 if i were ever to say that to father , he would just frown at me . 
 and , if my faithful servant and devoted nanny , lashebah , ever heard me say that , she would call for smelling salts ! 
 there was no doubt my mother would have smirked at the thought , but unfortunately she died when i was only two years old . 
 but because of the way the people still talked about her around here , one would think she was still alive and living in the castle ! 
 when i was four , i sneaked into one of the trunks of our scullery maids ' son and took out a pair of dark maroon breaches . 
 i had never worn breaches before , but i had always longed for my legs to be free to stretch . 
 i slid the breaches on and found them to be a tad too big . 
 i dug out a green sash and tied it on like a belt . 
 i wandered out of the room , looking for lashebah , who had taken care of me since my mother 's death . 
 i will never forget the way that woman screeched when she saw me ! 
 `` for heavens sake , child ! 
 get those horrid things off at once ! '' 
 she demanded , about to keel over . 
 perfect , the women of the court were . 
 none of them would ever dream of doing such a thing as putting on men 's clothes . 
 wanting to obey , i dropped those breaches right where i stood . 
 with me , still being in my innocence , she could n't punish me . 
 she just grabbed me , hollering and screeching , and ran all the way down the long corridor with me bouncing on her shoulder . 
 from that point on , everyone knew the truth about me : i was a tomboy , destined for something far different from the life of a normal princess . 
 there had never been anyone within the castle in whom i could confide , so i had always looked forward to the visits of prince brydon of dreideth . 
 he had been my friend since i could remember , the only friend i 'd ever had . 
 we were a year and a half apart in age . 
 he was sixteen , and i was fifteen . 
 although he was from a different kingdom , with different traditions and laws , we had always been able to relate to each other quite easily . 
 and we could always depend on each other . 
 he had a playful spirit , as well as i , which helped us through hard times . 
 like when my father would restrict me from the things i loved because i had done something terribly unladylike ? 
 which happened fairly often . 
 or when brye 's parents exiled him to tentaleigh for not speaking enough to them . 
 during those times we immensely enjoyed each others company , running through flower sprinkled fields or joking about royal life . 
 he was due another visit in a few days ; sometimes i wonder if he does n't talk to his parents on purpose . 
 brye had always been aware of my restlessness and my disgruntlement with my treatment here at the castle . 
 he often asked if there were anything he could do to help me . 
 i had never accepted his offer . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 we were exact opposites in appearance . 
 he had tawny hair and a dark complexion ; i was a brunette with fair skin . 
 but i could not help my fairness ! 
 i was n't allowed outdoors enough to darken my skin . 
 i stared at a red and white tapestry , a futuristic vision of the kingdom . 
 everybody - all the foreigners - were fleeing the land because they did n't belong . 
 the kingdom had become too set in its ways , too perfect it seemed , to let anyone new in . 
 the picture lead my thoughts over to something that had always taunted me , running away . 
 a vision of freedom that only existed in my dreams . 
 i had always searched for the bravery to do a thing such as that , but i knew it would take time , or a certain incident that would trigger my actions . 
 so i waited . 
 if i ever did run away , i would go to a place called medalia . 
 they spoke another language , barranadigen . 
 i knew how to speak the language ? 
 slowly . 
 i had to rack my brain for every single word , but i knew it . 
 the idea occurred to me one night while i was mourning my seemingly worthless existence , that i could ask brye . 
 he had once described medalia as `` sandal terrain , '' for all the grounds within the city gates were hot , dry and dusty . 
 but , if one would go anywhere outside the city , one would find it to be nothing but green , lush forest . 
 it was , of course , apart from the forest of despondency , which was where all the colies lived . 
 colies were winged creatures with one glass eye , and a taunting look about them . 
 i had never seen one in real life , but i had seen pictures of them in story books when i was younger . 
 medalia was fairly far away , so i was completely confident that no one there would recognize me , at least not the most recent generation . 
 i knew i would have to learn their ways , but it would be just like learning anything else new for the first time . 
 `` i would have to ride jedni , '' i decided out loud . 
 jedni was my horse , a pure thoroughbred , gorgeous in every way . 
 in the palace everyone ate overwhelming portions of food , even me . 
 in medalia i would not be able to eat as much as i do now . 
 i would have to cut down on the amount of food i ate . 
 the thought of such a silly thing made me laugh . 
 `` layla ? 
 are you talking to yourself again ? '' 
 lashebah asked . 
 `` you know proper ladies never do such brainless things ! '' 
 `` i guess i 'm not a proper lady then , '' i muttered , praying she did n't hear . 
 `` honey ! '' 
 lashebah called out from the dining hall . 
 i searched for the source of her voice . 
 `` over here , '' i answered . 
 i found the fragile woman standing at a large table . 
 lying on the table were at least six different patterned materials , along with four solid colored fabric choices . 
 she looked up at me . 
 `` i need you to pick out the material for your new gown . '' 
 she shifted from side to side , waiting for a response . 
 `` is it any special occasion ? '' 
 i asked , taking a bite from an apple . 
 `` prince brydon comes in three days , love , '' she reminded me . 
 how could i have forgotten ? 
 every time brye came , she made me a new gown . 
 it had been so long since he had visited , centuries to me , that i had forgotten almost everything we did in preparation for him . 
 i walked closer to the table , the apple still in hand . 
 `` oh , layla darling , please ! 
 have aola cut it up for you so you can eat properly , '' she pleaded . 
 i ignored her suggestion and kept rummaging through my choices . 
 yellow did not look good on me , nor did peach . 
 and i despised flower prints ! 
 `` ah ! 
 that baby blue , '' i thought as i reached out my hand to stroke the fabric . 
 it was the softest velour i had ever felt . 
 `` this one , '' i said pointing to the luxurious blue material . 
 `` no pattern this time ? '' 
 lashebah asked , sounding almost disappointed . 
 but my mind was made up . 
 `` would n't it look divine with beige cuffs ? '' 
 i asked persuasively . 
 she reluctantly agreed , gathered the fabric in her arms and crossed the kitchen to the sewing table . 
 as she turned to measure me , she said , `` besides the prince 's coming , you could use a new gown anyway . '' 
 she was right , of course . 
 the dress i had on was a dark maroon , hardly a spring color . 
 it was actually a winter gown , and it showed that it was from last year . 
 the small flowers across the waist had faded , and even peeled in some places . 
 one would think father would keep me better dressed , but i always insisted that i did n't care . 
 and i truly did n't ! 
 the table in the corner of the kitchen was where lashebah always worked . 
 it had been there as long as i could remember . 
 the table had been carved by elves , and it was very beautiful , although it was very old . 
 but , as my last governess had said , `` the older , the better ! '' 
 chapter 2 `` layla ! '' 
 father called . 
 he did n't do that very often , not on his own . 
 it meant only one thing : brye was here ! 
 i rushed to the window , and sure enough , there was his carriage crossing over the moat . 
 i had my baby blue gown on . 
 baby blue ! 
 `` what an odd name for a color , '' i thought . 
 i could just imagine me , curtsying to brye and saying , `` do you like my new baby blue gown ? 
 i had father name the gown after rishard ! '' 
 rishard was the scullery maid 's wimpy son whom i had borrowed the breaches all those years ago . 
 `` why , yes , but i daresay it would look a mite better on him ! '' 
 he would say . 
 i chuckled to myself . 
 we would both crumple to the ground in laughter , causing grief to all those who strived each and everyday to help me become a lady . 
 i bounced hurriedly down the spiral staircase , jolting myself from my thoughts . 
 i ran out to greet him , happy as anything . 
 but as he emerged from the carriage , i immediately grew shy . 
 `` is this the brye i knew last year ? '' 
 i thought to myself . 
 he was at least six inches taller and brawnier . 
 he strolled over to where i was , me with my eyes squinted and my mouth half opened , trying to recognize him . 
 `` princess ? '' 
 he said , as he extended his arm for me to take . 
 this was our normal exercise ! 
 so why did it seem so foreign ? 
 normally i would reply , `` prince , '' and we would link arms and stroll inside , mocking a formal greeting . 
 `` prince ? '' 
 i asked , suddenly unsure of myself . 
 we linked arms , but despite my natural grace , i tripped and nearly brought us both to the ground . 
 `` what poise , '' he teased . 
 i managed a smile . 
 `` my , layla , you seem rather shy . 
 if my parents had known you had stopped talking , they would have sent me elsewhere ! '' 
 his eyes sparkled . 
 `` that 's a shame ! '' 
 i joked back , `` for i have taken on a vow of silence . '' 
 i clapped my hand over my mouth , as if i were n't supposed to have said anything . 
 he laughed . 
 after we were inside , he bowed , and i clumsily curtsied . 
 he laughed again . 
 smiling , he said , `` for a second there , i was afraid you had forgotten me . '' 
 i just shook my head , although in earnest , i felt i had . 
 `` did you bring rebel ? '' 
 i asked . 
 rebel was his horse , a black stallion , with a perfect moon on the exact center of his forehead . 
 he nodded . 
 `` well , then , can i braid his mane ? 
 you know i love his moon , '' i paused . 
 `` on his forehead ! '' 
 yet again , he laughed . 
 `` of course you may , '' he said . 
 he had led me to the dining hall , where he pulled out a chair , motioning for me to sit . 
 `` thank you , '' i said meekly . 
 i was warming up to him now , this perfect stranger . 
 fortunately , i was sure i would be capable of asking him for help . 
 after all , i had n't completely forgotten him . 
 after dinner , he asked about my embroidery . 
 when i shrugged , he knew it had n't improved . 
 i took him to the room where i did the torturous task everyday , where tangles of strings that were supposed to be beautiful scenes or objects hung from the walls . 
 lashebah fluttered behind him while he observed my handiwork . 
 `` if you ignore the red tint , sire , it is actually quite lovely ! '' 
 lashebah offered . 
 actually , it was n't lovely at all ; it looked more like a knotted yarn ball than an embroidered flower . 
 brye winked at me and said , `` oh , i always thought the redness gave it a certain special something . '' 
 i was afraid i nearly blushed . 
 as if a perfect stranger were criticising my work . 
 surely i was n't offended , but it just felt so ? 
 i was n't sure how i felt . 
 brye must have sensed something the matter . 
 `` is anything wrong layla ? '' 
 he asked anxiously . 
 i just shook my head . 
 `` but you have been acting strangely quiet . 
 you usually do n't shut up , especially on my first day here . '' 
 he said curiously . 
 i stared at him like a dumb horse . 
 `` you 've changed a lot , '' i blurted out . 
 this was one of my faults : i rarely thought before i spoke . 
 i turned towards him , expecting him to be upset by my accusation , but he was smiling . 
 like i had just complimented him . 
 his shoulders shrugged a little , like he was chuckling . 
 `` i 've got something for you , layla , '' he said excitedly . 
 he led me to his sleeping quarters and closed the door , shutting out nosy lashebah . 
 he rummaged through a trunk and pulled out a beautiful silver scabbard decked in diamonds . 
 when he handed it to me , i gasped . 
 he meant for me to have it ! 
 my heart jostled around in my chest ; i felt like running in circles from excitement . 
 `` i thought you would like this , '' he said warmly . 
 i took the sword out and ran my fingers along the blade . 
 not for long , though . 
 i jerked them back , finding the blade very sharp . 
 i scolded myself for my stupidity . 
 `` oh ! 
 careful ! '' 
 he warned me . 
 brye took my hand and examined the cut . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i assured him , as i drew it away . 
 then he pulled out a silver necklace , bedecked in as many precious jewels as the scabbard . 
 `` you probably wo n't like this one as much , '' he admitted , as i slipped it over my head . 
 yet as he watched me , he smiled . 
 i stood up , pulled out the sword , and started to pierce the air . 
 `` shall we hunt down a dragon tomorrow ? 
 but , i have heard that colies are better for beginners . '' 
 i felt i was talking to myself , even though brye was listening intently . 
 `` but , am i just a beginner ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i stopped and turned to the prince sitting on the bed . 
 `` of course i am ! '' 
 he grinned as he watched me sword fight an invisible beast . 
 but lashebah interrupted my wonderful brawl . 
 the door creaked open , and the annoying , impatient , always-in-others ' - business lashebah walked in . 
 `` my goodness ! '' 
 she gasped . 
 my nanny rambled , blathering on about how improper i was . 
 i did n't , would n't listen . 
 when she tried to take the sword from me , i held it over her head . 
 i was already taller than she was . 
 `` ladies?don ` t?play?ugh ! . . 
 with?such ? '' 
 `` i am not playing with it ! 
 you do n't play with things like this ? . 
 and i know ! '' 
 lashebah , who was practically climbing on me , stopped trying to retrieve the sword . 
 this was what i could n't stand ! 
 i could n't do anything without being completely rebuked ! 
 `` are you going to tell your father ? '' 
 lashebah asked irritably . 
 `` no ! 
 and neither shall you ! '' 
 i said firmly . 
 she gave up and left the room . 
 `` i ca n't stand this ! '' 
 i protested . 
 `` i have to do something ! 
 do n't you see , brye ? '' 
 i flailed my arms helplessly . 
 the prince nodded slowly and sympathetically . 
 he did n't seem to mind being the victim on whom i thrusted all of my complaints . 
 i left brye and i walked into my bedchamber . 
 lashebah was there . 
 she scowled disapprovingly when she saw that i still had the sword . 
 `` do n't say anything ! '' 
 i said between clenched teeth . 
 i did n't even look at her while i talked . 
 i felt her nod solemnly . 
 then i left , satisfied with her consent , and went to find brye . 
 i had to ask him to help me run away . 
 a childish notion , to be sure . 
 but i was certain it was the only way . 
 a quick , foolhearty decision , one that could either end in total triumph , embarrassment ... or death . 
 but there was , however , only one way to find out . 
 we both sat down on his bed with a loud plop . 
 `` brye ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he had always seemed to be a good person to confide in before . 
 why was it so hard to talk to him now , when i needed to the most ? 
 `` can i tell you a secret , such a secret , that if you were to tell anybody i would die of grief and devastation ? '' 
 brye got down on his left knee and crossed his heart with his pointer finger . 
 `` i swear . '' 
 my vocal cords froze . 
 i tried to look at him and remember our old times , but all i could see was this new prince . 
 i had to tell him , though . 
 i knew that out of everyone in the world he was the only one who would even come close to understanding . 
 `` i am thinking about running away , to medalia . 
 i have to escape ... all of this . '' 
 i waved my hand in the air , generalizing . 
 `` they just do n't realize that some things are n't possible for me . 
 not ever princess is born to primp and preen . '' 
 i gazed out the window . 
 `` tell me you understand , '' i begged . 
 he nodded gravely . 
 the second he nodded , it all poured out , like my life bucket had been turned upside down . 
 all the way from adjusting to eating less , to riding jedni . 
 after i was done pouring out my whole plan brye said , `` that would make you so happy ? 
 and change everything , everything that is hard for you . 
 but in a good way . 
 it would give you your freedom . '' 
 he stretched the word ` freedom ' longingly . 
 i nodded vigorously . 
 `` all right , '' he said slowly . 
 `` i 'll help you . '' 
 he did n't seem to like the idea , yet he was willing to help . 
 i felt guilty when i told him i wanted to leave the next night . 
 he said that was n't practical , that we needed more time to prepare . 
 so we settled on three days hence as my departure date . 
 `` do n't worry , i am sure rishard will be glad to talk your ears off , '' i said in an attempt to make him laugh . 
 but in return , he only gave me a broken smile . 
 the next day we started to collect items that would be necessary for my trip . 
 i had gotten reacquainted with brye , although he was pretty much a different person . 
 i did n't look at him much , and i avoided his devoted looks . 
 his eyes looked too confused , and his confusion puzzled me . 
 i did n't understand the strange new look about him , and i did n't ask . 
 i just went on as normally as i could . 
 wanting more than ever to cheer him up by presenting a problem , hoping it would have a humorous solution , i asked him how i was supposed to get over the palace walls . 
 `` well , i imagine you will have to climb over them like some criminal . '' 
 his own joke brought a brief , faint grin to his lips . 
 the only one who noticed a difference in our behavior was lashebah . 
 the others did n't give a care either way ; much less notice any dramatic changes in us . 
 `` what is wrong with you , my sweet ? 
 why have you suddenly lost your appetite ? '' 
 the truth was my stomach felt as if it were eating itself . 
 when it growled where everybody could hear it -lrb- and frown at it -rrb- , an extra heap of tomato-fish was added onto my plate . 
 i grimaced at the sight of all the extra food . 
 i nearly refused to eat it ; the defiant words on the tip of my tongue trying to escape . 
 but i held them in . 
 instead , i pushed my plate away , shoved my chair into the table , and left the room . 
 i had n't said anything disrespectful . 
 but i could still hear what lashebah would say to me tonight , and the scornful scowl she would have on her face . 
 `` ladies eat what is placed in front of them . 
 ladies do n't leave a meal without being excused . '' 
 ladies do n't do anything . 
 ladies do n't live . 
 that is what she might as well have said . 
 it was the truth , and `` ladies do n't lie . '' 
 my time to take leave came too suddenly . 
 there were no tearful good-byes , and i felt out of place . 
 but what else was i to do ? 
 brye simply said , `` bye . 
 and , oh yeah ? 
 write me only if you are coming back . '' 
 he climbed back into his window where i began my escape , without another word and without a second look . 
 his words stung like a hornet , piercing down into the depths of my soul . 
 and the feeling stayed there , as i scurried over the wall , then rode off . 
 i almost turned back , knowing that i should . 
 knowing that it would make everybody happy . 
 knowing that i would have to grow up positively miserable . 
 that 's what kept me going , my own wants . 
 thinking of myself way too highly . 
 selfish , greedy , arrogant me . 
 chapter 3 the first morning of my trip , i wrote a letter to brye . 
 i told him i would come back , but what i did n't tell him was that it would probably be for only a visit , or perhaps it was all a lie and i would never return at all . 
 but i could n't leave our friendship at that lonely night when brye practically shunned me and climbed back in his window . 
 i asked him what father had done when he found out i was gone . 
 i had absolutely no idea what he would do ! 
 he was such a quiet , gentle , but impatient man , so he always kept me guessing . 
 i knew he would n't have roared , `` what !?!? '' like most king-fathers would have done . 
 he was too slow to harsh words . 
 i also told brye that i had to cover my face with a black veil the first time i went through town , imitating a person in mourning ! 
 i was hoping to make him laugh . 
 or at least , make him smile . 
 after a bumpy ride , i finally reached the beautiful , breathtaking forest that surrounded medalia . 
 it was just as the pictures had shown . 
 the trees were taller than the tallest castle and seemed to reach the too-blue-to-be-true sky . 
 the clouds seemed so happy ; it was almost as if laughter filled the air . 
 `` have n't you heard ? '' 
 a man 's voice startled me . 
 cautiously i slid off jedni and tied her to a tree . 
 i wanted to listen to their conversation . 
 they were two soldiers from aduhlajh . 
 they were dressed clearly as aduhlajhen soldiers . 
 i climbed into a bush . 
 to my dismay , it was quite prickly . 
 i had to bite my tongue to keep from crying out . 
 the soldiers were spitting into a nearby creek . 
 a beautiful , crystal green creek . 
 they were ruining it ! 
 `` princess ran away . 
 seems as though they were too hard on her , '' one said between spits . 
 `` well , then maybe she wo n't mind as much when we attack ! 
 heck , we might even persuade her to help ! '' 
 the other joked , poking the first man in the ribs . 
 so they knew about me ! 
 i hoped that word would n't pass so quickly to medalia . 
 quietly i got up out of my bush and pulled off all the leaves and burrs that had rudely implanted themselves into my shift . 
 i silently mounted jedni , not heeding the soldiers ' joking threats as anything dangerous . 
 `` that was nice eavesdropping , jedni ! '' 
 i told her after we were far away from the crude soldiers . 
 `` no lashebah saying , ` ladies are n't busybodies ! '' 
 i giggled at my own joke . 
 the new life i had started was going to be just fine . 
 it took me nine more days to get into medalia . 
 each day made me feel more confused than i was the day i left . 
 my head throbbed with unanswerable questions with every hoof beat . 
 but as i approached the city gates , i began to feel more confident each second . 
 maybe i had done something right for a change . 
 `` what 's your business here ? '' 
 a guard asked , looking as if he were about to prod jedni or me with the long stick he was holding . 
 `` i am a nomad , '' i answered proudly , but untruthfully . 
 `` i wish to become part of your humble city . '' 
 as my mind started to wander , i peered inside the gates . 
 i was definitely right when i had said `` humble . '' 
 `` what is your name , nomad ? '' 
 he asked me mockingly . 
 but ? 
 what was my name ? 
 i could n't give my real name . 
 i had given that no thought whatsoever . 
 `` uh ? 
 play . '' 
 play ? 
 i had just given myself a dumb name , although it was the first letter of `` princess '' and the first three letters of `` layla . '' 
 great . 
 i would have to go though the rest of my life being called the pastime of bored children . 
 `` where did you get that ? '' 
 the guard eyed my scabbard suspiciously . 
 i should have hidden it ! 
 `` a gift from br - prince brydon of dreideth . '' 
 i was n't going to lie to him again . 
 i held my breath as the guard lifted an eyebrow at me . 
 he probably thought i had stolen it , but because no theft had been reported , he could n't accuse me . 
 but let him think whatever he wanted to . 
 i let out my nervous breath as he slowly opened the gate the rest of the way for me . 
 as i entered , i saw people hustling in every way possible . 
 there were elderly woman selling homemade goods , others buying homemade goods , lonely old men shopping , and mothers with babies on their hips . 
 they all spoke barranadigen faster than i could translate ! 
 i should have brushed up a bit . 
 i bounced off so i could walk beside jedni to keep her from being spooked . 
 people were jostling her carelessly . 
 when i tried to calm her down , using my own language , alieghn , a frightful-looking old lady gave me a hard , cold stare . 
 she seemed to be talking with her eyes , saying , `` you do n't belong here , especially if you speak alieghn . '' 
 i tried to ignore her while i headed to the only tree around , a shady oak with arms that reached to the ground . 
 i pulled out my pen , paper and ink . 
 as i reached into my bag , i noticed how dreadfully rough , yellow and calloused my hands were . 
 they really needed more moisture . 
 but , i had no balm with me , not here . 
 so i just spat on them , and rubbed them together . 
 hopefully it would moisturize them , although it was likely to make them worse . 
 not being able to go to the cabinet for hand balm made me a little homesick . 
 but why?how could i be homesick for a place i hated ? 
 a placed i never enjoyed ? 
 i had obviously taken all my luxuries for granted . 
 but i could get use to this lifestyle , these customs . 
 i hoped . 
 `` you 're homeless ? '' 
 i looked up , and an older lady was hovering above me with a scowl lingering on her swarthy face . 
 her skin and her facial expression both seemed tough as leather . 
 `` no - well , yes . 
 i guess i am . '' 
 the truth hit me hard . 
 i was homeless . 
 i had come here without thinking about where i was to live . 
 her question was hard to answer . 
 the lady studied me a second , then said , `` i 'm mrs. pelgre . 
 you can stay with us , i guess . 
 but you ai n't gettin ' room and board for free , mind you , no sir . 
 you 'll have to work , just like the rest of my children . 
 if they can do it , so can you . '' 
 i accepted her offer . 
 when i got to her old shanty , i discovered that all children were grown , eighteen and up , and were working in the fields . 
 i asked her to start me out easy , confessing that i was n't accustomed to hard work . 
 `` bah !! '' 
 she snorted . 
 but after she saw my first candle dipping , slinging the strings from the pot of melted wax to the pail of cold water and getting it all over her loose floorboards , she began to believe me . 
 and those were the candles i had to use at night . 
 it was really a tough situation i had gotten myself into . 
 i had to do the dishes every night , except for mondays , when i worked in the fields with her two oldest sons , heeny and tolup , twenty-one and thirty-two . 
 i was not good at carrying sheaths of hay , as one might imagine . 
 `` want me to get the whip ? '' 
 heeny hooted one day when i collapsed in the middle of the field . 
 i knew he was joking , but i filled up with fear . 
 `` and i 'll get the nails so we can keep her from sliding down the wall of the barn while she 's flogged ! '' 
 tolup whooped back at his brother . 
 i gulped hard and forced myself to continue my work . 
 at night i collapsed on my straw mat , completely exhausted . 
 i had no time to think of my dreams that i had come out here to fulfill , and it was a good thing , because it would have made me sink even further in the pits of despair . 
 one day i danced with myself . 
 i was longing for real companionship , someone to have fun with . 
 no sooner than i had started , i felt a hand tugging at my faded , torn , dirty shift . 
 i looked down and saw a little lass , about three or four . 
 her other grimy hand was in her mouth , up to her knuckles . 
 `` we do n't play , we work , '' she said , her hand muffling her speech . 
 being my old self , i wanted to say `` but play is my name ! '' 
 which it was , in medalia anyway . 
 after that , i never got another chance to dance . 
 i was kept busy , so busy that sometimes i thought that my arms and legs would fall off . 
 `` play ? 
 are you dawdling again , child ? 
 i swear , if you daydream one more time , i 'm going to throw you out . 
 go get me some water . 
 it 's wash day . '' 
 with a groan and a grumble , i took the wooden bucket from her cruel hands . 
 i trudged out the door , letting it slam as loudly as it pleased . 
 out of mrs. pelgre 's sight , i started swinging the bucket and whistling . 
 for years i had n't been able to whistle , not until my eleventh birthday . 
 while i opened my presents , brye had whistled amusedly at each of them . 
 whistling was a new thing for me , so i tried to copy him , but i could n't . 
 finally i talked him into giving me his secret . 
 looking back at sweet memories like that always made me feel better . 
 i walked up to the well , dropped the bucket in and i slowly pulled it up , savoring the little time i had to myself . 
 humming now , i circled my fingers in the cool water . 
 `` look at those perfect hands . '' 
 i heard a sarcastic voice behind me . 
 `` perfect or not , they can still throw you in the well , '' i retorted without bothering to look to see who it was . 
 `` right . 
 i would love to see you try . '' 
 i turned so that for a few seconds i could study my prey . 
 a boy , about twelve , stood with his hands placidly on his hips . 
 his eyes had an astonished disbelief that had dug its way into their deep blueness . 
 then i attacked . 
 he obviously had n't been expecting anything , probably did n't think i was anything like that . 
 i had had plenty of wrestling matches with brye when he occasionally got irritated . 
 i tugged on the young boy , he struggled . 
 i pushed , he grunted . 
 he dropped down into the well , and i dusted my hands off on my shift . 
 then i threw down the rope for him . 
 luckily it was n't a well deep enough for him to get hurt . 
 pleased with myself , i started to skip . 
 as i pranced off , i heard the boy sputtering from within the well . 
 i smiled jubilantly . 
 when i arrived at the shanty , i found an angry mrs. pelgre standing with her hands on her hips , but not so placidly . 
 flames were ablaze in her hazy orange eyes . 
 `` oh , please , no . 
 she can not know about it so soon ! '' 
 i whispered under my breath . 
 `` i ? '' 
 i started to apologize , but realized that there was no need . 
 she had a letter in her hand , obviously addressed to me . 
 i had told her i had no one in the world . 
 `` child , you told me that you were an orphan . 
 a friendless orphan . '' 
 i grabbed the letter and ripped it open . 
 i could n't help but grin . 
 `` i lied , '' i said without even looking up . 
 when i got the letter out , i realized that it was n't from brye , as i had first suspected . 
 it was from father . 
 `` what is your fathers name , child ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i was almost too excited to tell her . 
 but would she be overjoyed to have had the princess ? 
 worked to death , by her own hands ? 
 maybe not . 
 `` duryea abbel . '' 
 i smiled without looking at her again . 
 i was almost afraid . 
 she stood there in front of me , wide-eyed , and droopy-jawed . 
 but then she seemed to have reconsidered . 
 she closed her mouth , for i was known for playing impractical practical jokes on everybody . 
 `` do you want to see ? '' 
 i laughed , shoving the letter in her face . 
 when she saw who had signed it , she stumbled back as if someone had pushed her . 
 she regained her balance and started to fan her face . 
 then , realizing what had just taken place , she bowed her head reverently . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i laughed again . 
 i was giddy and excited . 
 excited about father . 
 what in the world did he have to say ? 
 did he miss me so much that he was going to come while bowing humbly at my feet to bring me home ? 
 probably not . 
 all the same , i started on the letter . 
 `` my beloved daughter layla , '' `` i do hope you are in good health . 
 i do n't know what i would do if you have fallen ill . 
 i am very sorry you ran away , darling . 
 everyone in the castle feels the same way . 
 the reason i am writing you is that i want to admit that we have not been fair with you . 
 we all have realized that you are no ordinary princess , but not in the sense that you need extra care . 
 you are a very independent young woman with much strength in both body and mind . 
 that brings us to realize that you have your heart set on becoming a knight . 
 brydon has come up with an idea , one he assures me you will like , and i have consented . 
 if you can prove yourself worthy of the sword that rests at your hip , we will accept you as you are . 
 it is going to be hard getting used to having you in active military ! 
 for your first quest , bring back proof of your bravery . 
 it may be a small token , or large , it makes no difference . 
 we will still be proud of you , love . 
 your adoring father , king duryea abbel , iii '' it was as if the letter grew fists that reached out and punched me . 
 it struck me with the facts : i was trusted enough to be given a chance to prove myself and show who i really was ! 
 the letter flew out of my hands as i rushed up the rickety ladder leading up stairs to the loft where i slept . 
 i bounced up the steps so hard that i nearly fell off . 
 my eyes bugged with exhilaration as my brain bloated my skull . 
 this kind of excitement had never consumed my soul before . 
 `` i promise to return to you in one piece , father ! '' 
 i retrieved the letter and hugged it close , standing over my straw mat . 
 the straw mat that i would never have to sleep on again . 
 not the princess ! 
 i came back to reality and changed my clothes . 
 i never thought i would have to wear one of the frilly gowns i had brought along for an emergency : and i decided that now was the right time . 
 it had been ages since i had last worn anything so lavish . 
 i silently slipped into the red gown , lined in silver . 
 the perfect attire . 
 i stuffed my few belongings into my carpet bag , except for my sword and my necklace . 
 i braided my hair into six long braids , put my scabbard at my waist , and slipped the necklace over my head . 
 once again i noticed something very unattractive about my hands : they were filthy dirty ! 
 an hour ago it did n't matter , but now i was a princess . 
 i was no longer play . 
 i was layla again . 
 and it mattered . 
 princesses did n't have dirty hands , and i had to make sure they believed that i was truly layla of tentaleigh , and not some imp playing a practical joke . 
 although , that was who play was . 
 `` active military , '' i whispered as i hurried out to jedni . 
 what strange words for me ! 
 i was n't even sure if i had ever said them aloud before ! 
 my braids swung every which way as i mounted jedni , who was standing ready for me . 
 there were people crowding me in the stables , poking to see if i was real . 
 mrs. pelgre had told everyone in the village by now . 
 but it did n't matter now that everyone knew . 
 it almost felt good to be treated as a royal again ! 
 i hopped on my horse , surprising everybody by not riding side-saddle . 
 `` subjects of medalia ! '' 
 i called out . 
 `` thank you for your?er , hospitality . 
 i hope someday i can return the favor . '' 
 i galloped through the gate . 
 but before i was completely gone , i turned back to them . 
 `` and please , try to have a little more fun . 
 enjoy your lives . 
 you have only one ! '' 
 then i dashed from their sight with a whoop of glee . 
 i was on my first quest ! 
 a real quest ! 
 i had to get accustomed to that word . 
 quest . 
 wow . 
 less than a mile out of the city , i thought i heard a peddler 's bell . 
 i was not sure if it was a peddler , though ; so many things could make the sound of a bell . 
 quickly and cautiously , i spun around to authenticate the noise . 
 i had been right the first time . 
 could the peddler have directions to the forest of despondency ? 
 i had no idea how to get there . 
 that was , of course , the place i was to find a colie . 
 and , if i were really unlucky , i might run into an ogre , or a faash on the way . 
 the colies greatest power was the noiselessness of their woodlands . 
 during the reign of king lebui ii , the ruling fairy had put a curse on the forest : complete and total silence and complete darkness . 
 the fairy had hoped to drive the colies to insanity , but the creatures had been delighted . 
 some say a smile had crept across their faces that was so evil it glowed . 
 even in the absolute darkness of the forest . 
 the colies had gained yet another advantage , the ability to sneak up on every other living creature : humans , fairies , beatiez , etc. . 
 beatiez were miniature people who lived inside a ring of toxic mushrooms . 
 they were immune to the mushrooms ' poison and thus were safe from other living creatures . 
 they lived tucked away , as safely as it gets . 
 the mushroom circles were scattered through the kingdom , often mere measure of miles from each other . 
 `` what a great way to start out on my first quest , not even knowing how to get to my destination ! '' 
 i said sarcastically to myself . 
 my voice caused the peddler to look up . 
 he stopped in front of me and yanked the moth eaten black cloth from the top of his cart . 
 `` might i interest ye in a pair of eye-lookers ? '' 
 a husky voice emerged from within the tenuous little man . 
 he had a huge variety of different goods , everything from silver wine goblets to gold framed spectacles . 
 and he looked ancient . 
 he had mountains of wrinkles , each piled atop another . 
 his robe looked as if it were made of the same material as the cloth that had covered his goods . 
 black , dusty and moth eaten . 
 `` sir , i have no need ? 
 i mean , i can see fine . 
 but do you - '' the man interrupted me . 
 the crowned princess ! 
 did he even know who i was ? 
 one would think i would be used to this treatment after my stay in medalia . 
 `` these are no ordinary bifocals , excellency . '' 
 maybe he did know who i was after all . 
 `` i really do n't , '' i started . 
 but the man stared at me intently , and i stalled . 
 `` colies are pretty hard to spot in pure darkness . 
 humans and beatiez are visible , but colies have always been a different story . '' 
 humans and beatiez were visible in the forest ? 
 i had been taught , all the fifteen and a half years of my life , that one could see nothing . 
 but what did any of that have to do with spectacles ? 
 `` they would come in handy , thee bets . '' 
 he kept his hot stare vibrant towards my defiant eyes . 
 how did he know where i was going ? 
 it was almost as if he had read my mind . 
 `` but you said eye-lookers , and bifocals , '' i argued . 
 `` if ye had stopped to think , highness , ye might have caught on . '' 
 i looked him in the eye , trying to dig my hot blood 's boldness into his mind . 
 there was nothing i was afraid to say to him . 
 `` sir , you have horrid manners . '' 
 he just chuckled . 
 `` however , i am the only one with the colie spotters . 
 and ye may not be able to come back after them either . 
 i have only two pairs left . '' 
 i knew that i would end up needing them . 
 and i was sure that he would charge me an exorbitant price considering who i was . 
 but , i knew that i would sorely regret not pouncing on the opportunity , for i would need to know what was going on in the rest of the forest . 
 `` oh , all right . '' 
 i tossed the man a gray , fuzzy purse full of swowths , the money of tentaleigh . 
 when i saw the satisfied look on the man 's weathered face , i began to wonder if the spotters even worked . 
 i slipped them over my nose as the man made his way down the path , and then he was gone . 
 `` well , '' i bemoaned hesitantly . 
 i had no idea if they would work or not . 
 there was a red background , but it could be a deceiving feature to fool those who tried them on before purchasing . 
 i turned around to scold the man for being so persistent , but then remembered that he was gone . 
 i also remembered that i had n't acquired directions ! 
 aggravated with myself , i started to discard the paper that had wrapped the spotters but then i noticed that it was also a map . 
 a wave of relief washed over me . 
 there might not have been another person to question within miles ! 
 the paper also gave directions on how to use the spotters . 
 according to the instructions , when one puts them on , the background appears red , and living creatures show up as green dots . 
 as the colies grew closer , the eye lookers were supposed to blink . 
 `` wonderful , '' i sighed contently . 
 then i searched for where we were on the map . 
 and where the forest was . 
 a rush of glee flowed through me when i saw where it was ! 
 `` it 's right in front of us ! '' 
 i giggled , patting jedni 's side . 
 `` pure luck ! '' 
 chapter 4 i knew we were nearing the forest , for as far as i could see beyond a line of tall trees , it was pitch black . 
 a blob of nothingness . 
 at first i was n't sure if i should bring jedni into the forest with me , but i decided i might need her to get out fast . 
 one could never be too sure of those things . 
 the horse stalled when i nudged her to enter , so i clapped my heels to her sides . 
 she did n't start off lightning fast , of course . 
 it was n't her nature . 
 she just slowly trotted into the wall of blackness . 
 as soon as we were completely in , everything went dark ? 
 and silent . 
 it was as if i had leapt into death . 
 it almost pulled the breath from my lungs . 
 i whimpered in terror , but my voice seemed to be broken . 
 i heard nothing . 
 it reminded me of drowning with my eyes closed . 
 i could feel around , i could thrash and squeal . 
 but i became disoriented , and my head started throbbing . 
 it was painless , yet agonizing . 
 i fumbled to find the spotters , and tried to regain myself . 
 this was not the time to lose all sense of being . 
 i put them on , and a flashing dot appeared in the corner of my left eye . 
 i let out a shaky breath , realizing that the spotters really worked . 
 i could have easily committed suicide by marching into the forest without them , expecting to be triumphant just because of who i was . 
 i was not prepared enough , for facts kept jumping out of the sky , and landing hard in my head . 
 they all seemed to have the same message : i was not invincible . 
 what was that flashing dot ? 
 questions flooded my mind , but no answers bothered to push them away . 
 my whole body trembled in horror . 
 my eyes darted randomly , trying to find aid . 
 but nobody was there . 
 i was on my own . 
 then i realized that i knew what it was . 
 `` oh , please ? 
 no . '' 
 i talked , even though i knew i could n't be heard . 
 i could n't even hear myself . 
 hot breath made hairs on the back of my neck stand up . 
 and i knew that my beliefs had been confirmed . 
 it was a colie . 
 frantically i took the sword from my scabbard . 
 it slipped between my sweaty fingers and landed without a thud . 
 i dropped to the ground , hysterical now , and sifted through the dirt trying to find it . 
 my hands flung dust into my eyes . 
 everything seemed to go white . 
 my eyes felt like they were being sucked into my head . 
 my hands came across a sharp cold metal , and clumsily i retrieved it . 
 i was n't ready to die ! 
 not yet . 
 not with this wonderful prospect ahead of me . 
 when i first left medalia , i felt as though nothing in the world could stop me . 
 but i was wrong . 
 i had a giant colie breathing down my spine ! 
 and i was shaking to the bone . 
 i could faintly make out its eyes , the only part that ever showed . 
 and the only part i needed . 
 blaring green , one would almost rather perish than look upon them for too long . 
 i mustered what little courage i had and sucked up my chest , taking a deep breath . 
 i tried not to close my eyes , but to no avail . 
 i forced myself to reopen them again , and became conscious that i was not ready enough for this . 
 i needed advice , professional advice . 
 with a noiseless scream , i turned from the beast and ran as fast as i could . 
 then , smack . 
 i fell to the ground . 
 i had hit something , something that smelled of sweet sweat . 
 it was jedni . 
 i picked myself up off the soil and felt around until i found her again . 
 panic stricken , i almost jumped all the way over her . 
 my thoughts were rattled as i swung my leg back into place . 
 what if i did n't make it out ? 
 what if forty seconds was n't time enough to escape ? 
 as i was sucked back into daylight , my heart felt at ease , however , my mind did not . 
 i fell off the horse , blinded by the sudden burst of light . 
 i cried out in anguish ; my mind was on the verge of bursting open . 
 the sun made my head throb with pain . 
 perhaps it had to do with the fear , also . 
 but it hurt . 
 then i screamed at the top of my lungs . 
 i had to actually hear my voice to comfort me . 
 it startled jedni , and she almost stepped on me , for i was still on the ground . 
 `` i 'm sorry ; i did n't mean to frighten you . 
 it is just that ? '' 
 my voice cracked as it trailed . 
 i looked up at the sky , the wonderful sky . 
 i did not wish to leave its presence so unprepared ever again . 
 then i started talking to myself . 
 `` i am going to need something to distract the colie . 
 i can not have it completely focused on me . 
 it wo n't work like that . 
 i am going to need , well ? 
 help . '' 
 it was hard to admit something like that , even though it was the truth . 
 i could n't do everything on my own . 
 i took out the map , deciding to ask the beatiez for help . 
 the nearest mushroom circle was a mere two miles away ! 
 `` how pleasant , '' i sighed as i tried to make myself sound pleased . 
 i folded the map back up and stuffed it into my carpetbag . 
 it sure was a good thing that talking out loud to yourself was n't a crime , for i would be a repeating offender ! 
 i tied on my veil to keep the toxic air from my lungs . 
 all i needed was to fall into a coma , or worse , die . 
 as we approached the mushrooms , i began talking to jedni . 
 `` up ahead , see the mushrooms ? 
 they look like beige umbrellas . 
 and unbelievably large . '' 
 i rolled my eyes , despite the inspirational site in front of me . 
 i just was n't in a good mood , and that was definitely not the best way to greet the little people , especially not when i wanted their advice . 
 a lass about my age was busy stringing clothes on a line strung between two mushroom stems . 
 slowly , she turned when she heard my horse . 
 when she saw my sword , her expression changed . 
 i could n't tell if she had gotten nervous or excited . 
 `` hello , '' my muffled greeting struggled out from beneath my veil . 
 `` i am princess layla of tentaleigh . 
 i was wondering if - '' i stopped short when the girl beatiez ran off behind the mushroom . 
 `` am i not welcome ? '' 
 i asked , deciding she was probably nervous . 
 then , as quickly as she had left , she returned and led jedni and me , still atop her , behind the mushrooms . 
 when we got to the other side , she introduced herself . 
 `` i am sweenlah , bravest among the beatiez . '' 
 it was not till then did i notice the wooden sword that swung at her hip . 
 maybe she was brave among her people , but could she endure the forest of despondency ? 
 could she endure what i had gone through ? 
 `` she got excited when she saw your sword . '' 
 another voice seemed to emerge from the ground . 
 when i looked down , i saw that it was n't just the grass speaking . 
 it was an older beatiez , probably sweenlah 's mother . 
 `` she wants to be the first female warrior . 
 her dream ! '' 
 the lady affirmed emphatically . 
 i nodded as they hurried off into the crowd . 
 `` what is your name ? 
 announce it to everybody . '' 
 yet another voice arose . 
 this time it appeared to be a lady ruler . 
 she spoke gently , but with great authority . 
 she shook me from my wandering thoughts . 
 `` oh ! 
 i am layla of tentaleigh , daughter of king duryea the third . '' 
 i felt stupid for forgetting my manners , and completely ignoring everything . 
 but were n't those some of the things i was looking to escape from ? 
 i began hoping i could give a speech to make up for it . 
 `` i hope i am welcome among you , for i am seeking your advice . '' 
 it was not very impressive so far . 
 but that is usually how it went . 
 `` madam , please , your advice if i may . '' 
 `` please , go on . '' 
 she encouraged me to continue . 
 `` i am to slay a colie , for a very important , very personal incentive . 
 as i entered the forest on my first attempt , i found the beasts to be much larger than i expected . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` so i fled the forest as fast as i could , '' i said it so fast that i was hoping they had n't understood . 
 they were all bound to think me foolish , anyway . 
 `` yes , my child , they are rather large , so caution you must take , '' she replied . 
 i sighed at her comment . 
 `` do you have any further advice ? '' 
 `` i am sorely afraid that any further advice i have to give would be utterly useless to a brave lass such as yourself , '' her smiled beamed at me . 
 `` all i have to say is to be careful . '' 
 as she smiled at me , i looked into the crowd and saw sweenlah and her mother discussing something . 
 her mother had a grave look about her , but the girl glowed with anticipation . 
 then she stepped forward . 
 `` lady , '' she bobbed in respect . 
 `` i was wondering , if i may say so , your highness ? 
 could i accompany you on your quest ? 
 i mean , i could be of some use . 
 i could help you , really i could . 
 and i am brave , '' she stated plainly . 
 `` i am aware of the danger we would encounter , but i am no coward , majesty . '' 
 she curtsied again . 
 she did seem prepared , but looks do n't tell all . 
 if they did , however , her mild smile lingering on her excitement-flushed cheeks , her loved sword at her side , and her fearless , glassy green eyes would surely state that she was a good companion to be had . 
 and besides her lack of height , she looked as fierce and almost as determined as i was . 
 `` well , '' i sighed again . 
 when she saw my air , her smiled drooped . 
 it made me want to trust her . 
 `` since you understand that you may not even make it home alive , '' i continued a little livelier . 
 `` then i would be honored if you would accompany me . '' 
 when my speech was done , i was surprised to hear everybody cheer . 
 but hey , would n't any village be happy if the crowned princess chose one of them to accompany her ? 
 it was obvious . 
 then the exultant young sweenlah stepped forward . 
 she made her routine curtsy , and then opened her mouth ready for her grateful words to pour out . 
 `` as you can probably already tell , i am absolutely filled with joy , and i thank you . 
 but i have some advice . '' 
 so , a beatiez had stepped forward to advise the princess ? 
 `` shoot , '' i offered . 
 `` there are two ways to enter the forest . 
 the way you do not want to enter is the east side , closest to the village of medalia . '' 
 i rolled my eyes at my lack of knowledge . 
 `` that is where the largest , most stubborn colies live . 
 after so many years of life , they migrate there . 
 it is nearly impossible to get anything accomplished by going in that way . 
 in fact , out of those who were unwise enough to go that way , many have never returned . '' 
 i gazed at her in warm disbelief . 
 i felt nauseous , and my head started to swim . 
 i had almost killed myself ! 
 but how did she know all of that ? 
 `` i studied on this matter for two years , milady . '' 
 as if she had read my mind . 
 `` maybe that is what i should have done , '' i thought out loud . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 a couple voices arose to me . 
 i just shook my head . 
 `` i should enter the west side ? 
 across the mountains ? '' 
 i asked sweenlah . 
 she nodded , so i continued . 
 `` i should have thought a little more , but - '' while i was trying to make myself look less stupid , jedni fell over onto her side . 
 her left rib cage was carelessly smashing my leg . 
 it was crushing it , making my mind race . 
 what was wrong ? 
 what had happened ? 
 trillions of questions boggled my thoughts , and it hurt like a million tons of horse had rested itself on my leg . 
 her side was so unusually still , until it started to heave up and down . 
 heaving hard . 
 heaving in a life threatening way . 
 then i gasped . 
 i was aware of what i had done , or more like what i had n't done . 
 i had n't covered her nose or her mouth ! 
 she had been breathing the toxic air the whole time . 
 it was a blessing she stayed up as long as she did . 
 what a fool i had been ! 
 not even thinking of her . 
 now she was gone , and i knew what had happened . 
 but i did n't realize it yet . 
 i was still trying to make myself realize she was dying . 
 `` milady , your horse ! '' 
 sweenlah said sickly . 
 she pointed to jedni 's muzzle . 
 it had thick white liquid gushing out , the result of the poison gasses . 
 i had killed my own horse . 
 the realization hit me like a blow to the chest . 
 i became aware of the fact she was n't going to make it . 
 my greatest companion was leaving me on the greatest adventure of my life . 
 i wished i had never come on this trip ! 
 but no , i could n't think like that . 
 it was true that she would still be alive , but what else was i to do ? 
 it was n't as if i could have stayed , even though it would have saved jedni 's life . 
 some tiny beatiez men started pulling on me , trying to free me . 
 but i was the one who ended up freeing my self from her wheezing side ; i threw myself upon her course hair and wept . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said as i stood up . 
 i tried to keep strong , but looking at my poor , dying horse made me break down into a million tiny pieces of despair . 
 `` oh , jedni ! 
 i 'm sorry . 
 you must know how i feel ! '' 
 so much emotion was put into those words , i could n't go on . 
 i once again threw myself up against her side , but this time i matted her dark , course hair with my salty tears . 
 `` i am sorry , really , '' i explained to the people after i had let my grief flow freely . 
 `` no need to apologize , dear , '' she said as she wiped a dirty tear from my face . 
 `` if you love something , it is good to mourn over its death . '' 
 she put her hand on my back as far as she could reach , and rubbed it soothingly . 
 `` we all make mistakes , '' she smiled again . 
 the lady ruler was leading me -lrb- as well as the whole village -rrb- out to the stables . 
 she said she felt responsible for jedni 's death because it was her mushrooms that had killed her , and also consequently felt obligated to equip me with another . 
 i gladly agreed . 
 a horse was a necessary item on my list . 
 in the stables , there were seven different horses , all with masks on . 
 all of them were black , save the one on the end . 
 he was blonde . 
 and , something drew me to him . 
 there was something about the way he tossed his head at me . 
 `` what is his name ? '' 
 i asked sweenlah , as i stroked his head gently . 
 `` clupintisaur . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i giggled in astonishment . 
 `` clupint for short , '' she explained . 
 `` clupint , '' i whispered to him as i ran my fingers through his mane . 
 i stared at his color ; an almost sun-bleached white-blonde . 
 a stunning color . 
 `` try him ? '' 
 the lady ruler asked me . 
 i nodded my head eagerly . 
 he was led out of the stall and saddled for me . 
 i hopped on his back and sped around the ring , amazed at his smoothness . 
 `` you 're a wonder , '' i told him . 
 after that , the lady ruler had him groomed , saddled and stocked for our trip the next morning . 
 they insisted i stay overnight . 
 when sweenlah gave me the invitation , she kept on calling me ` milady . ' 
 irritated , i bade her call me just layla . 
 for a few seconds she gawked at me . 
 `` yes , mil - layla . '' 
 she smiled shyly at her mistake . 
 i laughed at the way she ran them together . 
 `` milayla ! '' 
 i giggled helplessly , and after a while she joined in too . 
 her laughter was soft and sweet . 
 everything about her was sweet . 
 one could easily call her gentle , kind or friendly . 
 but the best and most accurate description of her was ` sweet . ' 
 chapter 5 after a night of joyful merriment , dancing , laughing and singing , sweenlah and i were ready to begin our adventure . 
 we grabbed our bags and headed outside to the carriage that would take us through the mountains . 
 after the mountains , we would continue our trek on horseback . 
 i held my carpetbag with two hands ; the beatiez had made sure it was full of everything i could possibly need . 
 it was lighter than sweenlah 's , though . 
 her mother had packed hers . 
 `` here we are . 
 clupint will be one of the horses pulling the carriage , so when we are dropped off on the other side of the mountain you will have something to ride . '' 
 sweenlah looked at the carriage , smiling . 
 `` is n't it lovely ? '' 
 it was so small . 
 despite the picturesque paintings and engravings along the sides of the doors , it could not be considered beautiful . 
 it was doubtful that i could even manage to sit up in it ! 
 `` um , yes , well ? 
 is there by any chance , '' i stalled , nervous . 
 i did n't want to hurt her feelings . 
 sweenlah shook her little head . 
 `` no , layla , i am afraid that is the biggest we have . '' 
 her smile was full of unsympathetic mischief . 
 i sighed and climbed in . 
 this was sure to be one unforgettable , uncomfortable ride . 
 but a mysterious thing happened that made me reconsider . 
 as i sat down , the ceiling rose high above my head ! 
 sweenlah smiled proudly as i pointed in astonishment . 
 `` but , what ? '' 
 i stuttered , happy but confused . 
 then i realized that it had n't risen above sweenlah 's head , just mine ! 
 `` fairies , '' she whispered . 
 i questioned her no further . 
 even though i had plenty of headroom , after a while sitting became boring . 
 i shoved my legs up on the seat beside me and laid my head down on my arms . 
 sitting across from me , sweenlah looked on with amazement . 
 why would a princess sit like that ? 
 because she wanted to ! 
 finally sweenlah gave up and lay down , too . 
 sweenlah was the sweetest partner one could wish for . 
 she always obeyed me . 
 she always agreed to my plans . 
 but of course , i was still the princess . 
 that probably had a lot to do with it . 
 it was n't like i was going to behead every person who disagreed with me , though ! 
 it was easy and tough at the same time . 
 i had a hard time trying to figure out if she obeyed out of adoration or from the excitement of getting to go on the quest . 
 `` did you know that you are allowed to diverge your opinion from mine ? '' 
 i asked as we jostled along the bumpy road . 
 it was only a friendly tease , but her eyes told that she did n't understand . 
 i reached over and patted her arm . 
 `` i was just playing , but you know - '' i stopped when the coach tipped over . 
 something had knocked us completely sideways ! 
 i was knocked back to my senses when sweenlah started kicking , and i realized i was on top of her . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 she nodded . 
 my hand started for the carriage doorknob to see what was going on , but sweenlah stopped me . 
 `` look first . '' 
 her voice quiet and gentle , she pulled back the curtain . 
 i gasped . 
 a faash , over eight feet tall was outside the door . 
 he was orange all over , scaly ochre skin , with thin tan hair that looked like wire sprouting from his head and ears . 
 his teeth were white as sea foam , and his leather vest hung at his shoulders like a burlap sack . 
 he sat defiantly , watching over the shoulder of a younger one . 
 the shorter faash had wrenched off the coachman 's right leg , and the taller one was working on the footman . 
 called a footman for a reason . 
 the faash was sitting there chewing off his feet ! 
 i squinted my eyes , wanting to shut them , but unsure of what to do . 
 the faash then took the footman 's head and held it between its two hands and crushed it , spewing blood inside the small window opening . 
 i went pale with horror , and sweenlah stood up , panicking . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i whispered , pulling her down . 
 `` we do n't want them to know we 're in here ! '' 
 but it was too late . 
 i squeezed her hand as she started to snivel and sob . 
 first quietly , then more loudly . 
 `` you have to be quiet ! 
 you do n't want them to squish your head , do you ? '' 
 my scolding was quieter than her moaning . 
 but i began to scold myself as i heard a polite rap at the door . 
 i pinched myself to make sure i was awake . 
 dared i touch the doorknob ? 
 faashes do n't knock . 
 or do they ? 
 i had most certainly never met one before . 
 i looked to sweenlah for counsel , but she looked already dead with fear . 
 so much for her being prepared . 
 i opened the tiny door , and braced myself for a whack in the head . 
 but instead , i received a polite , but bloodstained , hairy orange hand held out for me . 
 uneasy , i took it . 
 i did not want to make the creature mad . 
 it led me out and did the utterly expectable . 
 it jerked me this way and that , searching for the perfect position for devouring my arm . 
 reflexively , i jerked myself free and stood there wondering how i had just accomplished such a thing . 
 so did the faash . 
 in fact , everybody stood there , doing nothing but sitting there in awe , trying to remember what we were doing when something amazing happened . 
 a fly buzzed in one ear of the faashes and out the other . 
 we all stood there , taken aback by what had just happened , trying to remember what we were doing . 
 and the faash remembered first . 
 `` go ! '' 
 i shouted to sweenlah as i was being yanked nearly in circles . 
 `` meet me at the huge wild oak near the entrance of the forest ! 
 take clupint and tie him somewhere i can find him ! '' 
 i was n't able to watch her , but i could picture her jumping on her horse , grabbing mine and trotting off at an uneasy pace , looking back at me every two seconds . 
 i struggled , and he struggled . 
 i tugged at his grimy ears , and he tugged at my tender arms . 
 it felt as if he were trying to pull them off . 
 finally , after what seemed to be an eternity of thrashing , he jabbed me in the stomach with his knee . 
 i crumpled to the ground with yelps of exasperated pain bounding from the depths of my throat . 
 then something poked at my sore stomach . 
 my sword ! 
 `` kneel before royalty , you impossible imbecile ! '' 
 i sunk my sword into his chest with what strength i had left , and then pulled it back out . 
 he stooped dumbly before me , clutching his wound in pain . 
 `` ha ! 
 not bad for my first try , huh ? '' 
 i swung my sword around , and then slid it back into the scabbard . 
 i stood with my hands on my hips , my head high , proud of myself . 
 then i heard more faashes . 
 `` time to go ! '' 
 i ran off through the woods , arms around my stomach . 
 once safely by myself , i examined my injury . 
 it was n't bad , just bruised . 
 then i began wishing that i had acquired something that had belonged to a faash to prove that i had encountered them . 
 `` maybe i should go to their camp tonight , '' i thought aloud as i wrung my shaking hands . 
 `` then i will have more to show father , brye and lashebah . '' 
 suddenly something nudged me from the back , and i jumped up with a start and a stick in my hand . 
 `` clupint ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 sweenlah had left him in the perfect spot . 
 i nuzzled his nose , and then sat back down , fingering my necklace in deep concentration . 
 i knew that if i went to the camp , i would endanger myself and might not be able to meet worried sweenlah . 
 but , if i did n't go , i knew that i would regret it later . 
 besides , what is being a warrior all about ? 
 is it not about taking chances and being impetuous ? 
 `` i 'm going , '' i decided . 
 `` and i had better not stop myself . '' 
 after tying clupint securely to a tree by my makeshift camp , i headed out walking as tranquilly and serenely as i could , being careful not to step on twigs and scare myself . 
 every time i made a noise , i stopped and looked around as if i thought someone were following me . 
 what a comical fool i was ! 
 i wanted to be a lady-knight , yet snapping twigs scared me ! 
 i laughed out loud , then clapped my hand over my mouth . 
 had i been heard ? 
 i had no clue how close i was to the faash camp . 
 it could be miles or a mere fifty feet . 
 i held my breath and kept moving , keeping my hand on my scabbard all the while . 
 it gave me a feeling of safety . 
 `` there , '' i pointed towards a campfire . 
 i was showing myself where to go . 
 i did n't know why i talked to myself so much ; i thought that it was because i could easily become insane . 
 but if that was the case , then i would have gone insane long ago , when i was still living in the castle . 
 i almost laughed aloud again , just at the thought , but i stopped myself by biting my tongue . 
 as i approached their camp i kept biting it from fear . 
 harder and harder . 
 finally blood filled my mouth , sending the chilling taste of metal to my spine . 
 i did n't want to swallow it , but i knew that if i spit it out , the faashes would smell it . 
 it was torture keeping the red bile in my mouth for so long . 
 then , from behind me came a noise . 
 hatred started boiling on my tongue . 
 `` let ? 
 me go ! '' 
 i cried as huge arms surrounded my neck . 
 could n't they let me live with one accomplishment ? 
 they should make it easier . 
 but , no . 
 i could n't think like that . 
 it was bound to get me nowhere but into the belly of a faash . 
 nothing was easy . 
 especially not this . 
 i spit the blood into the faash 's face . 
 it smiled , and licked it off with its green scaly tongue . 
 its eyes were a buttery white . 
 the blood had no negative effect on him whatsoever . 
 in an attempt to control my flailing arms , it smashed my mouth up against its ear cartilage , reeking of foul sweat . 
 the blood from my mouth rubbed over it , mixing the orange and red . 
 it looked like fire . 
 i screamed directly into its ear , causing it to stumble backwards , its hands clasped to the temporary throbbing damage i had done . 
 i ran for the camp without a second look . 
 i ran so fast that i did n't notice a tent until i went past it . 
 i stopped and skidded , then ran into it . 
 i threw the lid off a trunk and frantically started rummaging through it , throwing smelly items out until i found what i needed . 
 i pulled a shoe , a wonderful living , and smelly proof that i had defeated a particular faash that once had eyes to eat me . 
 my first sweet victory . 
 i could taste it . 
 the triumph swelled in my veins , until a looming shadow appeared in the tent 's doorway . 
 why were they so angry ? 
 then i remembered . 
 i was stealing from them , not only their shoe , but a dinner , too ! 
 but i did have a right to keep myself . 
 just no regarding the shoe . 
 oh well . 
 i dodged past the creature without a thought . 
 and to my surprise , it did n't run after me . 
 laughing like a lunatic , i rounded the bend to my hide out , where i fell asleep as soon as i hit the ground . 
 when i woke the next morning , i had the taste of grimy cartilage in my mouth . 
 i ran to the river and rinsed it out as well as i could . 
 `` never have i tasted anything so foul ! '' 
 i leaned farther over the river and almost fell in . 
 i caught myself by plunging my arms into the water , resting my hands on the filthy , muddy bottom . 
 i brought them back up and scowled at the grubbiness . 
 `` how much of a princess am i ? '' 
 i resolved by wiping my hands off on my dress , which later i regretted . 
 i hopped onto clupint , who shook his mane wildly , flinging dried dirt into my eyes . 
 `` oh ! 
 clupint , stop it , '' i soothed him by running my fingers of equal filth through his course , sun-bleached hair . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 i huffed a recognition of realization . 
 `` i shall braid your mane , to keep it out of your way ! '' 
 i waved a hand in front of my face . 
 `` hopefully it will hold in the stench . 
 you need a bath as much as i do ! '' 
 with his mane braided , she almost looked like a war horse . 
 like rebel did whenever i braided his mane , exposing his birthmark . 
 clupint had no birthmark , but it did n't bother me . 
 although , it did make me think of brye . 
 `` i wonder what he is doing right now ? 
 probably thinking of me . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` or eating . 
 well , clupint , we had better go find sweenlah . 
 i do hope the monsters did n't horrify her too badly . '' 
 i patted his side , and off we went , into the horizon where the resplendent mountains lay . 
 chapter 6 i stood in front of sweenlah , who was weeping over a pile of bones . 
 then i realized ? 
 they were her horse 's bones . 
 `` what ate it ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` a faash , '' she whimpered . 
 `` and ? 
 and it had only one shoe . '' 
 i looked at her thoughtfully for a moment , then burst out in an uncontrollable giggle . 
 i had to clutch my sides to keep them from aching . 
 tears of laughter sought for me to wipe them off by dripping down my wrinkled nose . 
 `` one shoe , huh ? '' 
 i pulled the other shoe out of the bag . 
 `` did the other one happen to look like this ? '' 
 she just gasped , and put her hand to her mouth . 
 `` so ? 
 my faash ate your horse . 
 but ? 
 why did n't he eat you , too ? '' 
 i inquired . 
 she pointed to the tree . 
 `` you hid ? 
 up there ? '' 
 she would n't talk . 
 it was an irritating game of guessing . 
 she just nodded . 
 `` did you sleep up there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 again she bobbed her stone face up and down . 
 `` talk !!! '' 
 i lost my temper . 
 her face filled with fear , all the way up her short forehead and over her hairline . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i apologized . 
 `` please forgive my horrid temper . '' 
 i cracked a playful smile . 
 `` it 's okay , sweenlah . 
 would you go get some firewood , some kindling ? 
 we 'll be needing a fire soon . '' 
 i rubbed my chilled arms . 
 she nodded , and made a strenuous attempt to travel five feet from the tree . 
 i sighed , shook my head , and gathered some rocks to make boundaries for a fire pit . 
 that night we ate what was left of the horse . 
 it made sweenlah gag and me wonder . 
 was i right to have let her come ? 
 she definitely was not cut out for this kind of work . 
 i told her my thoughts , and she explained . 
 `` none of the beatiez are very brave . 
 all of my friends would have passed out at the sight of a faash ! 
 i am considered a heroine among my circle . '' 
 i gnawed at the bone , trying to get every last bit of meat off . 
 `` so your just staying conscious was a wonderfully brave thing ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 on our trip to the edge of the forest , we were both jittery . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 a fly would buzz in our ears . 
 then we would realize how silly we were being , and laugh . 
 `` whoa , '' sweenlah and i stopped short . 
 we had made it , to the forest . 
 `` take a deep breath , sweenlah . 
 it may be your last chance . '' 
 we both inhaled deeply , and i struggled to control myself . 
 my ankles started to shake , and it traveled all the way to my mouth . 
 i already knew what it was like in there . 
 and in one word , it was nothing ! 
 `` i am going to leave clupint out here . '' 
 sweenlah nodded in agreement . 
 with our hands on our scabbards , we entered total darkness . 
 then i remembered what the peddler had said about beatiez and humans being visible to each other ! 
 i looked at her , but all i saw was a blur of fear : a mass of weak knees and a pounding heart . 
 i gave a weak smirk to try and encourage her , but her eyes seemed to be focused somewhere else . 
 a delirious stare . 
 i wanted to talk to her , to tell her that she could n't freeze up . 
 not now . 
 i laid my hand on her , in a gesture of comfort , but she jumped a foot in the air . 
 i decided to let her be . 
 my eye twitched nervously as i rummaged through my bag , trying to find the spotters , but i felt no cold , hard metal . 
 they were n't in there ! 
 i screamed , for no one could hear me . 
 but i vibrated in fear , and sweenlah noticed . 
 she started to run the other way , but i grabbed hold of her arm . 
 i shook my head violently , for neither of us knew what lay ahead that way . 
 it could be the way out ; yet it could be a nesting ground full of colies . 
 and that made me remember ? 
 without my spotters , we could n't know what was there ! 
 sweenlah sensed my nervousness and started panicking even more . 
 i knew if she kept on like that , she was bound to get eaten ! 
 then something brushed the top of my head . 
 all my thoughts melted away , and my chest started rising and falling rigidly . 
 could it be sweenlah ? 
 i tried hard to make myself think it was , but i looked over and saw her huddled on the ground with her hands over her head . 
 i hoped she would stay like that . 
 the colie started to breathe on my head . 
 its slowly flitting wings made a breeze that brushed all the hair from my face , revealing my truthfully horrified appearance . 
 my eyes were as big as the colie 's , and my dry , cracked lips stood out in terror . 
 they could n't even tremble . 
 i was frozen in fear . 
 i tried to get my sword out of the scabbard , but i knocked it out . 
 i lifted it up and dusted it off . 
 as my trembling hands felt along the edges of the small , cold object , i got as excited as my nerves would let me . 
 they were my spotters ! 
 i shoved them on my face , but in the process i bent my nose backwards . 
 it started to throb , but i pushed the pain aside . 
 i had more important things to think about . 
 but pain decided otherwise . 
 the spotters quickly revealed a flashing green dot , which bashed me to the ground . 
 i was lying on my back , head throbbing . 
 i tried to sit up , but i settled myself back on the dirt in agony . 
 my left shoulder had been slashed open . 
 i clamped my teeth together in anguish . 
 the nothingness of hell overwhelmed me as i lay there , wondering if this were the end for me . 
 in peril i waited for another strike from the creature , but he left me in suspense . 
 terrifying suspense . 
 not one inch of my shaken body was n't trembling . 
 i struggled to take the sword from sweenlah 's scabbard and handed it to her . 
 she was about to put it back , but i took her hand and laid it on my wound . 
 she slowly drew it back ; i felt a teardrop land on my hand . 
 she was crying . 
 hurriedly , and with a covetous look in her eyes , she balled herself up on the ground . 
 i stood and turned back around , readying myself to face the creature . 
 i felt soft wings on my face , and it sent a shiver down my spine . 
 it was trying to torment me . 
 the pain from my shoulder was throbbing . 
 and despite the noiselessness , i could almost hear it . 
 then out of nowhere , the dot knocked me down again . 
 i fell sideways in the dirt , and looked for sweenlah . 
 but she was gone ! 
 i hopped to my feet . 
 it hurt like words could not describe , but i had to look for her . 
 i tore a strip of skirt off my shift and pressed it to my wound . 
 i tripped over a piece of skirt that had been left hanging , and i fell again . 
 i spit the dirt from my mouth and rolled over just in time to see a colie hovering over my head . 
 i dropped the bloodied cloth and pulled out my sword . 
 my lips shaped words of agony , yet no sound emerged from my quaking body . 
 nonetheless i pushed my sword into its belly . 
 i cried , terrified . 
 angry tears streamed down my face . 
 another colie appeared , and i jabbed it in just the same way . 
 then at least twenty more came into view . 
 i stood up , still crying my heart out . 
 but i had n't as much fear as before . 
 my back began to bleed . 
 i was thrust against a tree , and it scraped me in torment . 
 i was being dashed against the tree , again and again , by an invisible colie . 
 my spotters were knocked from my face . 
 i gave up , and my body was limply crushed between the tree and a round furry body . 
 but was this the time to give up ? 
 certainly not . 
 i had to take revenge for sweenlah . 
 sweet sweenlah . 
 i grabbed my sword and swung it violently . 
 i thrashed the colies , killing each one with burning passion . 
 when i presumed there were no more , i reached down for my spotters . 
 i shoved them on , avoiding my nose , and slowly turned . 
 a flashing dot ! 
 nervousness took over . 
 i dropped my sword . 
 i had no time to find it , so i braced my self to fight with my fists . 
 but when i looked again , i saw what the flashing dot was ! 
 it was n't a colie at all . 
 it was ? 
 brye ! 
 but how did he know where to find me ? 
 i was overjoyed to see him . 
 i wrapped him in a hug . 
 i tried to motion to him what had happened to sweenlah , my beatiez companion , and he sent his men to search for her . 
 but nothing was found . 
 sadly i was led to the exit of the forest , where we braced ourselves for the blinding light . 
 something i had n't done before . 
 i closed my hands over my head , in hopes of it decreasing the headache i was about to get . 
 we all stepped through the wall of nothingness and into the light . 
 the blinding sun . 
 we all stumbled backwards , even the horses , yet my headache was not as bad as last time , when it hurt so bad i thought i would never recover . 
 my wounds pounded a little more fiercely than they had in the cold dreariness of the forest , but i was glad to be out all the same . 
 my knees wobbled as the sun beat fast upon my aching back . 
 i had n't thought i would have had to endure these awful feelings so soon . 
 then i thought of sweenlah . 
 i bit my lip to keep from crying , but my head began to spin and my steps were swerving noticeably . 
 everybody looked down at me . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 brye grabbed my arm , just in time , and kept me from falling over . 
 the tears that had welled up in my eyes could stay put no longer . 
 our two months of friendship poured out from my miserable eyes . 
 with brye still holding my arm , i could n't run away . 
 but i wanted to . 
 i wanted to run off and cry until my insides felt as if they needed to be heaved and thrown overboard on a ship , to be eaten by the creatures of the deep and mysterious . 
 i looked up at brye , trying to speak to him without words . 
 it worked . 
 he pulled me up , completely to my feet , and led me by the hand away from everybody . 
 he calmly told them that we would be right back . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asked after we were alone , away from all the scrutinizing eyes . 
 i looked up at him , but the only thing i could get out was a waterfall of tears . 
 more tears . 
 when one thinks she has cried all her poor heart will let her , she always has an ocean left . 
 brye lifted my chin , and our eyes met . 
 then i felt i could tell my story . 
 at the end of my tale , i choked on wails of sorrow . 
 `` so far i 've killed - '' sniffle , '' - two ? '' 
 i trailed off . 
 quickly brye stopped my thoughts . 
 `` no , no you have n't , '' he forced a laugh . 
 `` you just happened to be around . '' 
 i shook my head and squeezed his hand . 
 `` thanks for being such a good friend . '' 
 the look in his eyes changed . 
 `` i think we can go back now , '' i stood up and dusted myself off . 
 i waited for brye to get up , but he just sat there , gazing . 
 then he nodded . 
 chapter 7 i sat in front of the blazing fire . 
 red , yellow and orange flames danced everywhere , and even threatened to jump onto my dress . 
 i reached into my pocket , to keep my hands warm . 
 i playfully stirred up the insides , and i felt something abnormal , out of place ; soft , smooth , and long . 
 i pulled it out , and instantly a white toothed smile flashed at everyone . 
 feathers ! 
 the colies feathers had fallen into my pocket ! 
 i had n't even given a thought to what i was to bring home to father , but maybe it was best that i had n't . 
 i would have worried myself to death . 
 although a step down from a glass eye , feathers would do the job perfectly . 
 finding the feathers prompted me to tell the knights my story , although the version for them was a bit altered . 
 but not much , for it was a great adventure . 
 something worth putting into words , to tell children before bedtime . 
 at least i thought so . 
 when i showed them the feathers , some of them shuddered . 
 brye explained in my ear that previous experiences with colies caused some of the men to heave a sigh . 
 i nodded and returned the feathers to my pocket . 
 after they were out of sight , a handful of them gave me a relieved and thankful look . 
 something made me smile , and i turned to brye . 
 his jaw was set , but his eyes were all glittery . 
 `` have you enjoyed yourself ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` fighting off colies and losing dear friends can be very pleasurable . '' 
 sarcasm bit his tone . 
 `` oh yes , '' i replied with equal sarcasm . 
 my eyes glazed over as they zoned in on the stars . 
 `` i 've thought about coming back next week . '' 
 i tried not to let the sadness of my situation drown out in my words . 
 then a real question arose in my throat . 
 `` how long do you suppose it will take me to reach the castle ? 
 i have surprised myself at how eager i am to get home . '' 
 i watched brye as he thought a bit . 
 his fingers were clasped firmly around his half-full chrome goblet , his eyes fixed on me . 
 then words emerged from his mouth . 
 `` nine or ten days . 
 depends on how fast you push yourself . 
 you could make it there in half the time if you came with us , '' a sly grin perforated itself into his lips . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i would rather arrive there alone , alone and triumphant . 
 i imagine that would be the most impressive thing for me to do , '' i said wearily . 
 tiredness had won the battle . 
 `` that 's what i had thought . 
 nine or ten days . 
 give or take . '' 
 brye grinned again as his eyes silently said , `` oh , sure . '' 
 he stood up and stretched . 
 he yawned , which made me yawn . 
 `` why do n't you get some rest ? 
 i expect you to push yourself hard enough to get there in two days ! '' 
 he smiled playfully , but sleepily . 
 i nodded and headed off for my bedroll . 
 despite how tired i was , sleep would not come easily . 
 not for someone who had just lost a dear , true friend . 
 the next morning , i stood ready for our departure . 
 even though i had n't gotten much sleep the night before , i felt as though i had energy enough to get me home in two days ! 
 i was running my fingers through clupint 's mane when brye walked up to me . 
 i turned to him , and he pulled out a little gilded box . 
 i did n't recognize it , did not know where it had come from . 
 `` here , '' he handed it to me . 
 `` put the feathers in here before you present them to your father . 
 it will make it even more marvelous . '' 
 obediently , i took the feathers out of my pocket and gently set them in it . 
 inside of the little box was lined in velvet . 
 i ran my fingers over it , for i had not felt anything so soft in over three months . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , surprising myself at how meek i sounded . 
 brye nodded beamingly , then he brushed past me and headed towards his horse . 
 i stood there , holding the box , watching everybody . 
 civilization was so wonderful , although this was n't the most civilized place . 
 it felt magnificent to have people bustling about again . 
 i did n't have to search far for a friendly face to talk to , nor did i feel alone . 
 that was probably why i had such a longing feeling to get back home . 
 `` pri - '' i stuck my hand up in the knight 's face that had begun to address me as ` princess ' . 
 i just wanted to be layla . 
 the man smiled in apology and helped me to my horse . 
 clupint started to get excited ; he knew we were setting off again . 
 the horse loved adventure . 
 after i was situated , i placed the box of colie feathers in the saddlebag . 
 `` now , do n't you be rough , clupint . 
 it is very important that you do n't jostle these out ! '' 
 `` you be careful , too , layla . 
 you 've made it this far , now do n't mess things up ! '' 
 brye winked . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` do n't worry , but also , do n't be surprised if i come home with a new companion . 
 things have a habit of finding me ! '' 
 then they waved good-bye , and we were off . 
 everybody looked down as we ascended , for it was thought bad luck to watch someone out of sight . 
 but before i was truly out of sight , the prince of dreideth looked up . 
 i smiled . 
 the ride was lonely without sweenlah ! 
 not that she talked much , but at least before i was n't the only being around . 
 a horse was n't a very interesting conversationalist . 
 and to think of why sweenlah was here - because she was , well ? 
 eaten , or so we thought . 
 but the idea of her being in the belly of a colie made me sick ! 
 as the sun began to set , i heard cries , high-pitched wails . 
 it sounded like a mother mourning for her lost child . 
 screaming in vain for the loss . 
 it was among the trees , and it scared me . 
 `` oh , clupint ! 
 how i wish i knew what made those horrible sounds ! '' 
 i conversed with the horse the next morning . 
 then the sound came from directly above us , so i stopped . 
 i did n't hear it again , which relieved me a bit . 
 `` well , '' i sighed . 
 `` i suppose it 's gone now - '' something jumped on my back , knocking the words from my mouth ! 
 i screamed , piercing the air with the sound it had been waiting for . 
 i grabbed at the thing , and it grabbed back . 
 i pulled and pinched , but i could tell the thing was n't about to give up without a good fight . 
 finally i was able to pull it in front of me , to discover what i had had such a silly clash with . 
 everything in me stopped almost instantly , when i saw what it was . 
 silently i gazed at the small thing 's face . 
 `` ha ! '' 
 i giggled at myself . 
 `` you are nothing but a spider monkey ! 
 how foolish it was to be so frightened . '' 
 i touched his head , his soft head . 
 `` and you 're nothing but a baby ! '' 
 i sat him on my lap , pleased to live up to my word . 
 i would be bringing home another companion ! 
 but this one was so much more darling than i had hoped . 
 and this thing seemed to enjoy listening to my silly blathering ! 
 anytime i said a word , it would stop and cock its head . 
 like it was listening intently . 
 anyone would agree that talking to a monkey that listened was far better than talking to oneself ! 
 the sweet thing seemed happy , and had a manner that was hardly surly . 
 it had dark , misty-brown fur . 
 the color of cocoa . 
 that would make a good name , a practical one , but it would not be original enough for this creature . 
 `` coca , '' i decided aloud . 
 minus the extra ` o ' at the end , it was original . 
 coca . 
 my monkey . 
 i tickled coca 's belly . 
 brye would get a kick out of a spider monkey living at the palace ! 
 and i just might get a kick too , for there would be many people there who would be against the idea of inside pets . 
 but let them argue ! 
 i would n't listen . 
 i was my own , true to myself to make my own decisions . 
 coca picked at my hair as we trekked down what seemed like a never-ending path . 
 sometimes it got so dusty that dirty smoke rose above clupint 's head and we had to stop until it cleared . 
 whenever the dust settled , coca would go crazy , jumping up and down on my head . 
 `` gosh ! 
 what do you think i am , a bed ? '' 
 he was giving me a headache . 
 later on , my head began to itch . 
 reluctantly , i let coca on my head to ease the prickle . 
 but then i wondered - did i itch because of him ? 
 had he given me fleas ? 
 then the monkey got down and started to sing . 
 like a bird ! 
 i started laughing , till tears came . 
 a monkey with a bird 's voice ! 
 `` what a talented monkey i have , '' i said as i began to scratch his belly . 
 he fluttered his eyelids in satisfaction . 
 it started to rain . 
 hard drops pelted the top of my sore head . 
 coca hid underneath my dress , in my skirts . 
 it felt slightly odd having a monkey within my skirts . 
 after a short period of time i was completely drenched , soaked to the bone . 
 even coca , who had taken cover amidst my dress , was awash . 
 i pulled him out and hugged him close , hoping he was a tad warmer than i . 
 it did n't take long to tire of the rain . 
 i stopped clupint and we took shelter under a tree , where i wrung my skirts out . 
 clupint shook out his mane , completely drenching me again . 
 i felt that it was out of spite ; the horse was jealous that he could n't ring out his skin . 
 but i knew how silly that would sound if i told anybody . 
 i sat down and pulled out the gilded box . 
 i wanted to inspect my feathers . 
 i had nine of them , each as beautiful as the next . 
 how could such beautiful things come from such vile creatures ? 
 two were long , graceful , and were a pale gray . 
 five were short and fat , light lavender with a darker shade of purple mixed in . 
 the last two were plain white , and seemed to have no special feature . 
 actually , they were the ones without defect , the perfect ones , washed over with snow . 
 seeing the feathers reminded me of sweenlah , and tears welled up in the corners of my bloodshot eyes . 
 quickly i pushed them away and scooped coca up in my arms . 
 `` when is this rain going to stop ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` here , '' i said , placing him atop my head . 
 `` let us see if you have balance enough to make this your perch , as i can tell it is your wish . '' 
 i walked balanced for the first few steps , then started to sway back and forth . 
 he was n't easily bothered , so i jumped , startling him . 
 he grabbed my hair and yanked hard to stay on . 
 i yelped , but did n't scold him . 
 i gazed out into the rain , and suddenly it had a voice . 
 it was calling , `` dance with me ! '' 
 how many chances does a person get to dance in the rain ? 
 slowly i made my way out from under my precious tree , the only dry spot around . 
 but my nerves overcame me . 
 i began to dance , slowly at first , but i sped up without thinking . 
 i twirled and spun , swayed and skipped until i was dizzy . 
 but it was n't enough . 
 i took coca from my head , and nuzzled him against my nose . 
 we twirled around , hand in hand , while my loose hair slung water everywhere . 
 exhausted from dancing , i collapsed under the tree , laughing giddily . 
 i had to force myself to get up to get my bedroll . 
 it was n't worth the effort , though , for it was soaked through ! 
 i could n't sleep on something so wet ; i would surely catch cold . 
 there had to be a tavern somewhere within the next few miles . 
 this was a busy road for travelers , a good place for an inn . 
 i hopped on my horse and headed back out into the clouded sky . 
 the rain had stalled itself , but it was n't but a minute after i had left the safety of the tree that it started to pour . 
 i hurried along until i saw a building in the distance , and then fled in its direction . 
 i was quite ready to be indoors again . 
 as i approached , a young girl emerged from the doorway . 
 my eyes wandered from her to the banner hanging over the door , which said , `` lyssen inn '' . 
 what an odd name . 
 it was probably the last name of the owners . 
 the girl shaded her eyes from the rain , and a smile crept across her full lips as she spotted me . 
 she called to someone who was obviously indoors , using hand motions excitedly . 
 when i got to the door she hurriedly took clupint and tied him up for me . 
 `` we have been expecting you , '' she murmured shyly as i followed her into the building . 
 chapter 8 she led me to a table with half wilted flowers and a steaming bowl of shrimp soup . 
 the smell flooded my nostrils and soothed me a bit . 
 it was calming to smell fresh , hot food again . 
 i sat down and immediately started eating . 
 i stirred my soup , over and over and over . 
 `` is there anything wrong , excellency ? '' 
 the girl asked , loudly , excitedly . 
 `` oh , oh no . 
 it 's delicious ! '' 
 i conceived a breath of weariness . 
 `` you just ? '' 
 she made me think of sweenlah . 
 the girls face was lined with worry . 
 `` yes , princess ? '' 
 `` oh , nothing . 
 you just remind me of someone . 
 what is your name , please ? '' 
 `` adda , ma'am . '' 
 `` adda - such a pretty name - please call me layla , just layla . 
 although i have royal blood , i am not any better than you ! '' 
 at first adda just stared at me in awe , then her round mouth turned moon shape . 
 a smile . 
 `` yes , layla ! '' 
 she said eagerly . 
 i liked being called by my given name because i did n't want to become arrogant and did n't want to act presumptuous . 
 also , since i had n't been called major titles in such a long time , i was afraid that i would forget they were talking to me . 
 that would be embarrassing . 
 i finished the soup and pushed away the bowl . 
 `` i was hungry as a bear ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` oh ? 
 would you like some more ? '' 
 adda questioned . 
 i nodded keenly and explained how i had n't eaten much the past three days . 
 she blinked her eyes mildly , showing sympathy for me . 
 then she hurried off into the kitchen just as two other people came out . 
 `` so pleased to have you with us ! '' 
 the lady dropped an extravagant curtsy . 
 `` we thought we might be seeing you , '' the man 's eyes glittered . 
 the lady jabbed him in the side with her elbow . 
 `` i 'm davy heartha , and this is my wife , lindy . '' 
 `` so glad to make your acquaintance , '' i rose and took his hand , then hers . 
 `` we do hope you will enjoy your stay here . 
 if there is anything we can do , please let us know ! '' 
 lindy heartha declared . 
 `` oh , i am sure i will enjoy my stay . 
 it is rather pleasant already ! '' 
 i gave a wink to adda , who was secretly watching from behind the kitchen door . 
 when she saw me she giggled , then hurried out with my second course . 
 porridge , loaded with sugar . 
 `` shh ! '' 
 adda pressed her finger to her lips . 
 `` momma does n't usually let us put sugar in anything but cookies . '' 
 i nodded , giving her confidence that i could keep her secret safe . 
 i dug my spoon in the thick , steamy liquid and stirred it just as i had done the soup . 
 `` adda , darling , why do n't we give the princess time to eat ? 
 besides , there are dirty dishes waiting for you . '' 
 lindy attempted to drag away her mesmerized child . 
 thank you ! 
 i thought . 
 i had been hovered over enough at the castle . 
 not that she would be watching my manners with eagle eyes , but i could n't eat well with people watching me . 
 at least not people i did n't know very well . 
 what they gave was such a simple meal , yet so satisfying ! 
 never before had i savored something so unadorned . 
 after gobbling down all of their food , i promised to send them twenty of our finest chickens from the castle . 
 `` no ! 
 no ! '' 
 they said , frantically waving their arms . 
 they said they were honored for me to eat their food . 
 but that did n't change my plans a twit . 
 adda was quite the curious one . 
 she hovered around as much as her mother would let her . 
 in the morning when i came down in purple and silver gown , she gasped . 
 i asked her if anything was wrong before i realized she was gaping at my dress . 
 `` no , nothing is wrong , miss layla ? 
 it is just your gown . 
 it is so ? 
 pretty , '' adda confessed , trying not to sound foolish . 
 `` ah , '' i understood . 
 i ran back up the stairs and dug out my smallest gown . 
 a winter gown , pale gold with flowers that only grew during the frosty months . 
 i brought it downstairs to her . 
 `` do you think this one is pretty ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she nodded her head passionately , gazing at the gown and running her fingers along the trim . 
 `` you are so lucky , '' she sighed . 
 that made me smile . 
 then her mother came and started pulling her away . 
 `` adda let the princess ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 leave her . '' 
 i issued a command . 
 immediately lindy 's arm dropped . 
 `` here , go see if it fits . 
 try it on . '' 
 i handed the gown to the still-delirious-with-amazement adda . 
 the girl 's eyes lit up as she examined the garment in her own hands . 
 bright-eyed , she thanked me and ran off . 
 it was n't too long before she came back out , presenting herself to me . 
 `` it fits perfectly ! '' 
 she declared . 
 `` good . '' 
 i beamed . 
 `` then it 's yours . '' 
 mrs. heartha nearly dropped the dishes she was collecting . 
 `` surely , no , adda ? '' 
 `` you must know that i have enough ! 
 please accept it , '' i begged . 
 adda looked as if she had n't yet realized what was going on . 
 then her lavender eyes went ablaze with joy . 
 her lip began to tremble , searching for words of gratitude . 
 but none would come . 
 instead she threw her arms around me , squeezing hard . 
 i squeezed back . 
 i had n't had a hug in what seemed like forever ! 
 after that , adda and i were good friends , along with her older brother wade , who had eyes like the sky and hair like the sun . 
 we had a good time watching the people that came into the inn . 
 most of them were very pleasant . 
 and that made my visit very pleasant , which i prolonged for the sake of adda , wade and me . 
 a fat lady walked in ; very nice , despite her four chins and bloated ankles . 
 then a man with a stack of papers . 
 `` gaday , princess ! '' 
 then a lady with a frilly dress and a parasol walked in . 
 she obviously had a corset on underneath all of her frills . 
 her tight white boots made scratches on the floor . 
 every time she took a step , mr. heartha winced . 
 the lady 's eyes seemed to be searching for something , for someone . 
 then her eyes landed on me . 
 she took the tiniest steps i had ever known was possible . 
 when she finally landed at my feet , she embraced me . 
 then she held me back , and took a look . 
 i was surprised ; no one else had attempted to hug me . 
 `` your father said you need training . 
 you look wonderful to me ! '' 
 my arms fell limp . 
 my eyelids drooped and my heart stopped . 
 another governess ! 
 i could n't let her come with me ; she would ruin everything . 
 i was to come home unannounced , and alone ! 
 i could n't be very alone with a primped-up beside me . 
 and what if she forced me into some of those boots ? 
 i grimaced at the thought . 
 `` wo n't our ride be absolutely splendid ? '' 
 she fluttered her eyelashes . 
 i began to cough , on purpose . 
 i needed time away from her to figure out how to ditch her . 
 `` splendid ? ? 
 right . 
 i must ? '' 
 i daintily , and mockingly , held my hand over my mouth . 
 the governess made an abrupt sharp sound with her tongue then said . 
 `` oh ! 
 you must get some rest now . 
 i do not want to ride home with someone who is too sick to talk ! '' 
 she would n't have to worry about that , unless her horse got sick . 
 i nodded my head and pretended to run to the stairs . 
 when she looked away , i darted into the kitchen . 
 `` adda ! 
 wade ! 
 i need your help . 
 desperately . '' 
 they gathered around me . 
 `` my father has sent a governess to escort me home ! 
 i do n't want her ! 
 i mean , why would i ? 
 for heavens sakes , she would scare even clupint ! '' 
 wade rushed to the cabinet and pulled out a bottle of clear liquid . 
 `` fairies ' sleeping potion . 
 lasts forty-eight hours . '' 
 i nodded my head eagerly , understanding what he was getting at . 
 `` so i can bake them into something , and - '' `` my , layla , you recovered quickly ! '' 
 i spun around to see the governess snooping the kitchen . 
 when had i given her permission to call me without my title ? 
 she was too straightforward . 
 she needed a governess herself . 
 `` when i realized you had complimented so sweetly on my ? 
 appearance , i decided to make you a little something . 
 sick or not , i must not forsake my manners ! '' 
 the words i had just uttered were making me queasy . 
 `` oh , i am dreadfully sorry dear . 
 you just continue whatever you were doing . '' 
 after she made her leave , i blurted out my plan . 
 `` she seemed to be really interested in food so i am going to bake the potion into some ... uh , corn cakes . 
 the problems is ? '' 
 i creased my brow . 
 `` i am not sure how to cook them . '' 
 adda 's mouth flew wide with anticipation . 
 she obviously did . 
 quickly the little girl scurried to a cabinet and pulled out a worn book . 
 `` as long as you promise not to use the recipe elsewhere , '' she smiled gleefully . 
 `` i will help you . '' 
 there was no question that i would n't use their secret recipe . 
 besides , it may very well be the last recipe i would use ! 
 adda gathered all the ingredients and set them on the counter in front of me . 
 `` ready for a cooking lesson ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i had had some cooking lessons while i was at home . 
 but never anything so simple . 
 simpler foods were not easier to make , though that is what one would think . 
 but more love was put into it . 
 i could tell by the look of passion in young adda 's eyes ; the batter was combined with her care and devotion . 
 it made me want to keep the corn cakes from the evil governess . 
 they should go to someone who would appreciate and savor them more thoughtfully than her . 
 but , unfortunately , it was necessary for them to go to the governess . 
 wicked governess . 
 wicked because she was n't supposed to be here . 
 after the corn cakes were done baking , and had turned a scrumptious golden brown , i coated them with a clear and sugary frosting . 
 it also was laden with sleeping potion . 
 when they were cool , adda and i crossed our fingers . 
 `` i hope this works , '' i pushed open the kitchen door with a fake smile pasted on my face . 
 i held the cakes out to the side of me and gently and gracefully swooped down beside the governess . 
 `` here you are , miss ? '' 
 i did n't know her name . 
 `` oh ! 
 how silly . '' 
 she giggled stupidly . 
 `` my name is missy . '' 
 missy did n't waste time trying the cakes . 
 watching her , i was amazed at how well she fit into her snug dress having such an appetite . 
 after three of the glossy cakes were demolished , i drew the tray nearer to me . 
 `` i think i shall take these and - '' missy attempted to snatch them from me . 
 but i was much too quick . 
 `` let me finish my sentence ! '' 
 i said irritably . 
 there was certainly no way i could stand riding home with this woman . 
 `` i will put them in a bag for you so i do n't have to stand here with the tray in my hands all day ! '' 
 missy shifted in her chair . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i rolled my eyes and strolled back into the kitchen . 
 i stuffed the cakes in a sack and slung them carelessly over my shoulder . 
 when i exited the kitchen , i found missy yawning helplessly already . 
 `` sweet victory , '' i whispered . 
 missy rose from her seat and took the bag from me . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 another yawn . 
 `` i think i shall go rest . 
 do not want to be too tired to converse tomorrow ! '' 
 she patted my shoulder . 
 i shook her off . 
 she turned up her nose and headed upstairs . 
 i ran back into the kitchen , nearly knocking adda and wade over . 
 they were waiting from behind the door , watching everything . 
 `` feeling good ? '' 
 wade asked with a smile . 
 i tucked the loose strands of hair behind my ear . 
 `` let 's just hope she wakes up someday . '' 
 i stuck the dirtied dishes into the sink and dried my hands . 
 `` well ! 
 i think i am going to get some rest . 
 i do n't want to be too tired to converse ! '' 
 we all sniggered at the mock . 
 it was irresistible . 
 `` oh ? 
 wade , if you could have anything in the world , what would it be ? '' 
 i had given adda something . 
 i had promised mr. and mrs. heartha something . 
 it was his turn . 
 `` definitely my own horse . 
 but i do n't take charity , if that 's what you 're getting at , '' the blonde boy told me . 
 it would n't be charity . 
 he had helped enough to have earned fifty horses . 
 chapter 9 not even a yawn crept from my mouth when i woke up . 
 the burly light of a new day spilled into my lap as i sat up in the tiny bed . 
 i lifted my arms to stretch , but one of them fell . 
 it felt heavy and limp . 
 then i realized : i had slept on it all night . 
 my arm was asleep ! 
 i shook and squeezed it as i dressed with one hand . 
 though difficult , buttoning a dress with merely five fingers was not impossible . 
 i flung it every which way as i jostled down the stairs . 
 as soon as i hit the landing , someone grabbed my arm , and woke it up . 
 i was dragged into the kitchen , and found wade 's face hovering above me , with a thwarted look on his face . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i kept my voice low , not knowing what the problem was . 
 adda motioned me to the door . 
 i walked over and looked over her head , out the door . 
 the sight that met my eyes startled me completely . 
 there was missy , sitting nonchalantly with her hands set placidly in her lap ! 
 the look on her face showed she had a good nights rest and was ready for a full day of conversation . 
 i drew my head back sickly and backed up into the wall . 
 feeling conquered , i slid down onto the floor . 
 `` now what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 i whined . 
 then it struck me ... an idea so brilliant that not even the devil himself could have thought of it ! 
 well , maybe . 
 i huddled wade and adda around me and started the debate . 
 `` why do n't you ride with me ? 
 it will be much quicker . '' 
 i had to make sure we were both on the same horse , the only horse accompanying us . 
 missy shrugged and allowed mr. heartha to help her onto clupint . 
 i kicked the horse hard , meaning for the jolt clupint would make to start us off and take her by surprise . 
 and it did . 
 missy yelped and clutched her handbag tighter , making her knuckles turn white . 
 adda thought missy 's little bark was very funny . 
 i looked back to see her little shoulders heaving , clutching her sides , and her face turning scarlet with laughter . 
 she was over-dramatic . 
 wade followed along in the woods where missy would n't notice him ; all part of the plan . 
 the governess gripped my stomach so hard that i thought my rib cage would burst into a million pieces . 
 she was obviously afraid of falling off . 
 although clupint was bouncy , he was n't going to throw her off ! 
 finally i got fed up with madwoman crushing my abdomen . 
 `` oh , i lost my necklace , '' i lied . 
 `` why do n't you get down there and look for it ? '' 
 i tossed my head with a haughty air , something a normal princess would do often . 
 i bit my tongue to keep from birthing mirth . 
 `` i would never make my elders do such things when i was your age ! '' 
 missy was obviously upset , and she acted as though she did n't care if she made me angry . 
 `` that was so long ago ! '' 
 i was n't scared of making her angry , either . 
 `` things are different now . '' 
 my guts jiggled as my insides laughed . 
 i heard a small giggle from the woods . 
 i winked at the ever-so-patient-wade . 
 then i directed my attention to missy , who was searching for my ` lost ' necklace . 
 `` you are taking much too long . 
 farewell ! '' 
 i kicked clupint and we sped past missy , her jaw suspended in mid-air . 
 my plan was to isolate missy , with wade there to carry her safely back to the tavern . 
 and it worked ! 
 my mouth flew wide with the smile of true triumph , once again . 
 then i thought of my new friends : adda and wade . 
 would i see them again ? 
 of course i would ! 
 i would make sure of it . 
 you do not come across many true friends . 
 then i recollected everything humorous that had just happened : the look on missy 's face when i made it clear that i was higher ranked than her , how she yelped when clupint had startled her , and the way she clutched me so tightly that i wanted to back-hand her . 
 i burst out into a fit of giggles . 
 i could n't wait to recount my experiences to brye ! 
 i looked forward too laughing all over again . 
 i gazed over the horizon at the peach-colored sunset . 
 it made me sleepy , the beauty of the colors all mixed together . 
 i decided to stop for camp early tonight . 
 after all , i was n't quite back into the swing of things . 
 it had been nearly a week since i had slept outside . 
 by the time my bedroll was laid out , the stars shone bright against the night sky . 
 it brought to mind something lashebah had made me memorize : if you travel beyond the atmosphere , you 'll find enormous stars glittering here . 
 glitzy , gleaming , glowing above , the tiny , radiant , far flung bubbles are way too easy to love . 
 back to earth : look out your window , the once colossal burning orbs are now tiny and stunted , and how big they are you do n't really know . 
 my voice rang clear in the dark air . 
 it was refreshing to have an audience once again , even if it was only coca and clupint . 
 never ever take a star for granted , despite how minute and outlying they may seem . 
 say a little prayer to god , to thank him for the brilliant gleam . 
 it did n't take long for coca to get back onto my head after i had finished my connotation . 
 the screeching monkey bounced up and down , making my head ache . 
 i tore him away from my hair and snuggled him down beside me on the bedroll . 
 i tried to sleep , but all i could do was toss and turn . 
 my head pounded and my stomach churned . 
 then i started to get chilled , and i hugged my arms . 
 my fingers came across a gooey patch of skin that hurt so terribly , my hand bounced off as if were attached to a bow . 
 then i realized what it was : a cut from the colies tail ! 
 i started panicking . 
 i thought the colies cuts had all healed ! 
 i was positive ! 
 the only way a cut could re-expose itself like that was if ? 
 i had eaten rye bread within a month of the wounds . 
 i knew that of all the grains , only rye could mix with the poison of the colies tail . 
 if that happened , the results could be fatal . 
 i was in trouble ! 
 frantically i went over what i had eaten in the past week . 
 mostly porridge and chicken ? 
 i had tasted the corn cakes ? 
 which were made with ? 
 `` rye . '' 
 i had to do something to get it out of my stomach ! 
 recklessly i tore through my carpetbag until i came across a jar of pink lemonade . 
 `` thank you , adda ! '' 
 i cried . 
 i slung off the lid and gulped it down till the last drop . 
 then i sat down , ready to cry . 
 what if that had n't worked ? 
 would i die because of my own stupidity ? 
 tears brimmed my eyes . 
 then my stomach started churning like crazy , mixing everything up and down . 
 up and down . 
 then i realized that the poison was n't going to let me keep the lemonade down . 
 despite myself , i started hiccupping . 
 i had drunk the lemonade too fast . 
 and to make things more appalling , my stomach heaved . 
 out came the lemonade . 
 i threw up until i felt as if my insides were coming out . 
 i tried to regain serenity , but the bile within me would not allow it . 
 i burst into tears , tears of agony , of shame . 
 not even my mother could have calmed me down . 
 i hugged my knees and bit my lip while tears flowed onto my dirty gown . 
 then i hiccupped . 
 it certainly did nothing to soothe my strife . 
 then again it came . 
 and again . 
 scaring the hiccups out of people was a widely known remedy . 
 but if it truly worked , i would not have been hiccupping , for thinking you are about to die is certainly bloodcurdling . 
 i decided to go out of my way to visit the fairy ocean . 
 i knew there was not going to be any fairies around , but it had the healing power of any fairy , thus the name , fairy ocean . 
 luckily it was only a few miles out of the way . 
 suddenly , a familiar voice filled the air . 
 two , in fact . 
 i stopped clupint and tied him to a tree . 
 hiding myself about fifty feet away from the horse and the monkey , i tried to decipher whose the voices were . 
 after i was safely tucked away , i realized who it was as soon as they came into view . 
 the two soldiers . 
 this time , the soldiers were n't talking about me . 
 ten other men followed them all dressed the same . 
 their black steeds tossed their heads and stomped their feet impatiently . 
 the tallest soldier had signaled everyone to stop . 
 `` someone did . 
 i know it ! '' 
 the commander exclaimed angrily . 
 someone did what ? 
 `` if we are being followed , it will be one of your heads . '' 
 the men stroked their necks protectively . 
 had they heard me ? 
 was that what he was angry about ? 
 luckily i was n't in a bush with thorns this time . 
 but leaves were easy to rustle ; the most tender touch could make a noise that would give me away . 
 i sucked in my breath . 
 but i could n't hold my breath forever ! 
 i felt myself turn purple as i watched the angry man . 
 `` we will not move on until the culprit is found . '' 
 the commander was clearly determined . 
 then what i feared happened . 
 i let my breath go , panting loudly . 
 of course i was heard . 
 i had no doubt that i was going to be pulled harshly out of my resting place . 
 please let my dress be really dirty ! 
 i prayed . 
 they ca n't know who i am !!! 
 i drew my hands close to my mouth and started whimpering as i was held half off the ground by my arm . 
 i made my eyes bulge out of my face . 
 `` what have we here ? '' 
 the commander sniggered . 
 i made my voice stammer . 
 `` p-p-lease , i d-didn ' t mean , i was n't doin ' nothin ' , t-truly ! '' 
 the robust men burst out laughing . 
 i had fooled them . 
 pride swelled up into my throat , but i swallowed it . 
 i could n't give myself away after duping them so quickly . 
 i started to chew on my tongue . 
 i watched the commander as his laughter turned into a shriek of disgust . 
 `` get out ! '' 
 he took me by surprise . 
 but the fierceness in his voice left me no choice but to scurry off , leaving my carpet bag in the leaves . 
 i ran off about half a mile before jumping into the safety of the trees . 
 but i had to get back to my carpetbag ! 
 i was n't worried about my animals ; the soldiers had already passed them . 
 but if they found the carpetbag i was done for . 
 my hands caught spider webs as i dug my way through the trees . 
 the leaves crackled loudly . 
 nervous , i stopped . 
 i could n't make a scene . 
 i did n't want them to know i was coming back , that i had left something . 
 they would most certainly hold me captive and find the carpetbag . 
 they would find the spotters , and my sword and scabbard that were packed into the bag . 
 then they would most certainly know who i was . 
 a bee buzzed past my ear . 
 it left a trail of thoughts for my mind to catch , thoughts of hurrying so i could get the bag and be on my way to the waters . 
 thinking about my wound caused it to start pounding . 
 i brushed my hand over it to feel how it fared , clenching my teeth in anguish . 
 it was doing no better . 
 finally i spotted the place where i had left my bag . 
 it was about sixty feet from where i stood . 
 the soldiers were even closer . 
 one soldier started nearing the carpetbag 's hiding spot ! 
 `` hey , sir , look ! '' 
 my stomach tossed itself over , leaving my face green as he pulled it out of the leaves . 
 waves of doom washed over me . 
 `` must be the girl 's . 
 stick it on the back of my horse , '' the commander replied . 
 `` ca n't i see what 's inside it ? '' 
 he begged . 
 i shook my head back and forth , violently , until it ached with all the powers of darkness . 
 `` no ! 
 we do n't have time , you dimwit . 
 now do as i say ! '' 
 he kicked at his horse impatiently . 
 so they had the bag , but had not yet looked inside . 
 fate was working neither my way nor their way . 
 i held my breath and followed the pack which was headed in the opposite direction of the waters , of course . 
 fast , too . 
 it did not take long for my feet to start aching . 
 huffing and puffing , i jogged after them in the woods as quietly as i could . 
 the soles on my boots started flapping , and rubbish started filling my shoes . 
 i could feel blisters forming , but i could not stop to mourn . 
 i had to get my carpetbag . 
 if they found out it was me , it could endanger all of tentaleigh ! 
 i could be held for ransom or something worse . 
 but my head was too drained to think of anything worse . 
 i just knew that i had to get it back . 
 a root stuck itself out rudely right in front of me , knocking me to the ground . 
 my ankle twisted all the way around , but i did n't hear it snap . 
 but it hurt like it had . 
 for a second i thought i saw my life flashing before my eyes , but then i realized it was just helpless tears streaming down liberally . 
 and it was just a sprained ankle . 
 thoughts of dread and anguish tried to push away the pain with little success . 
 i looked at my ankle , trapped under the root , and twisted all the way around . 
 it was swelling noticeably , and the circulation was sure to be cut off if i did n't get it out from under the root . 
 if i tugged , i would scream from torment . 
 but if i did n't , i was n't sure what would happen . 
 i was on my own . 
 i had to make my own life or limb-saving decisions . 
 my ankle was already the size of an orange . 
 i winced every time i looked at it . 
 but nonetheless , i had to look at it as i pulled the root from the ground to free my ankle . 
 remembering that i was on a mission , i looked up to see how far the soldiers had gotten . 
 they were grapes in the distance . 
 why was i thinking about food ? 
 `` no ! 
 we are late already . '' 
 i heard them shouting in the distance . 
 `` we have a whole day to make up . 
 we wo n't stop . 
 not tonight ! '' 
 my heart fell to my feet . 
 i would have to run to catch up ! 
 my ankle throbbed as i forced it to move . 
 i tried walking on one foot , but i nearly fell over . 
 i grabbed a vine to keep my balance , and regrettably it was full of thorns . 
 my hand slid down , still with a firm grip on it . 
 the pain tingled in my hand . 
 i stumbled as fast as i could , rushing one leg and letting the other go as sluggish as it pleased . 
 my good leg caught under a vine that rested snugly in the ground and tripped . 
 not wanting to twist the other ankle , i slammed my bad leg down to keep myself from falling . 
 a surge of unbearable pain shot up my leg and knocked me to the ground . 
 i put my fingers in my mouth and bit as hard as i could . 
 my head started throbbing , and my stomach whipped around in circles inside my body . 
 distant voices started up , but i could barely make them out . 
 everything started fading . 
 `` fine ! ? 
 double time in the morning . 
 tomorrow then ? 
 fast ? 
 now go ? '' 
 and i drifted into an agonizing swoon . 
 chapter 10 when i woke up , i had forgotten all about everything . 
 until i moved . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 i shrieked . 
 i shot up and looked around . 
 wiping sweaty hair from my face , i looked at my ankle . 
 it had n't gotten any bigger , but it had n't gotten any smaller . 
 i gently rubbed my finger over the black and blueness . 
 then i remembered the carpet bag , and the soldiers ! 
 they were bound to be more than miles away . 
 i forced myself to stand up . 
 another blast of pain ran up my leg . 
 i grabbed the nearest tree branch and pulled myself up . 
 then , with a surprised gasp of relief i dropped myself again . 
 the soldiers were camped right in front of me ! 
 silently i plummeted to the ground and started to arrange a strategy . 
 it was still dark , and they were snoring loudly . 
 if i could crawl over the sleeping men , i could get to the horse on which my carpetbag had been kidnapped from its resting place in the leaves . 
 i stood up again and tried to steady my shaking legs . 
 the quivering was n't from nervousness , it was from pain . 
 i just bit my lip and tried to ignore it . 
 on one foot i climbed from my hiding spot . 
 the leaves crackled . 
 i hushed them and tried to be gentler . 
 now out of the woods , i hunched over a bit . 
 they were snoring very loudly . 
 i sucked in my breath and stepped over a sleeping soldier . 
 he did n't move , but i found it was easier to keep my balance if i was upright . 
 anyway , they were all asleep . 
 they were n't going to see me . 
 one man after another i crept over . 
 i had one leg over a man , striding over him . 
 he let out a few words , and i was ready to run . 
 but he was just talking in his sleep . 
 i was about to lift my leg to crawl over him the rest of the way , when he shot a hand up in the air . 
 his fingers clamped and unclamped , searching for something . 
 i scooted from his suspended hand and lifted my leg . 
 then he moved his arm , and grabbed my ankle . 
 my marred ankle . 
 he squeezed my ankle , which was swollen and full of fluid . 
 my eye balls threatened to pop from their sockets . 
 i held my throat and screamed with my mouth closed , resolving that out of all the pain i had endured so far this was the worst . 
 my pounding head was screaming , `` let it go you daft combatant !! '' 
 i started getting woozy and swayed . 
 finally he let go , and i caught myself on the ground with one hand and one leg . 
 bit by bit i eased myself up to an upright position . 
 inches away from the horse that had my bag in cache , i bounced on one foot . 
 i almost fell over , catching myself on the horse . 
 `` it 's okay girl , '' i whispered . 
 i was worried about the horse waking someone up . 
 but it was i who ended up doing the waking . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 a sleepy groan startled me , thrusting a nervous feeling into my stomach . 
 i spun around , and saw the commander pulling on his pants and pointing at me . 
 `` you ? '' 
 my eyes darted anxiously from the commander to the horse . 
 commander to horse . 
 the horse . 
 with all the strength i had in my good foot i pulled myself onto the horse . 
 `` yah ! '' 
 i kicked the horse , with both feet . 
 and oh , did it hurt . 
 my body throbbed in agony . 
 quickly we kicked up dust . 
 i looked back at the commander , who was yelling something . 
 i read his lips . 
 `` i know who you are ! '' 
 i turned back around to force down the lump in my throat . 
 he knew who i was . 
 and i still had to go back and get clupint and coca ! 
 my head spun . 
 i was in a whole lot of trouble . 
 after two miles i made a u-turn and started trekking through the woods . 
 mosquitoes threatened to bite and add to my misery , but my mood clearly threatened them in return . 
 pain had made me angry . 
 i ran into a spider web . 
 while i wiped it from my hair , my carelessness let a branch slap me in the face . 
 a horsefly used my indolence to sting me on my arm . 
 life was becoming intolerable . 
 i hung my head as the horse trotted along . 
 then i smelled something ? 
 like a fire . 
 i took my carpetbag off the back of the horse and hooked my arm through the handle . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 the commander was rousing his men . 
 i could see their fire in the far distance . 
 the smoke reached my nose , climbed to my eyes and made them tear . 
 i wiped the crusty blood from my face with a tattered sleeve . 
 i urged the horse to be quiet as we approached them . 
 the only thing separating us was a thin line of trees . 
 then the horse decided to get an attitude . 
 it started beating the ground with its hooves , drawing attention to us . 
 suddenly a pair of beady eyes was laid upon me . 
 `` you ai n't gettin ' away this time ! '' 
 the commander pushed through his soldiers as fast as he could , trying to get to me . 
 my hand trembled as i tried to urge the horse on . 
 it would n't budge . 
 it knew its master ! 
 the commander clacked his tongue and made hand gestures telling the horse to stay put . 
 it did . 
 so did i. my head spun , knowing that i could not in a million years jump off and run . 
 not with my hurt ankle . 
 my bottom lip started trembling . 
 then something started coming towards me , but it looked like a dream . 
 my mind was hallucinating , seeing miracles . 
 i thought i saw clupint with coca on his back , urging him faster . 
 impossible . 
 i nearly laughed aloud . 
 then i could feel the ground beating beneath me . 
 the mirage was now so close i could make out the flared nostrils on the horse . 
 as it drew closer , and my eyes sought after the miracle , i started to believe ! 
 it was a real horse , and mine ! 
 as it flew by i took a leap of faith and fell off the commander 's horse and onto my own . 
 i lay across real sweet smelling , course hair that was so blonde it nearly blinded me . 
 my clupintisaur . 
 i jumped off the commander 's horse and threw my carpetbag onto clupint along with myself . 
 `` how did you know ? 
 my sweet , smart ? '' 
 my eyes drifted to coca , and so did my hands . 
 i gave him his share of praise and he leapt to my head . 
 my heart leapt with him ; my spirits began to soar . 
 i did not wait long to turn around and head for the waters that would heal my ankle . 
 it would be unfit for me to come home cripple . 
 when the long awaited sparkling of healing waters came into view , i let out a sigh . 
 i figured with all my recent bad luck , somehow the ocean would have dried up . 
 but it had n't . 
 i fell off the horse . 
 now on the ground , i had to think of what mode of transportation to get to the shore . 
 i could not use the horse because i was already off of him and had no intentions of pulling myself back up there , and i certainly could not run . 
 the only thing i could think of was to roll . 
 so i crossed my hands over my chest , and smiled somewhere deep inside . 
 i was not sure how i did it , but i rolled all the way to the shoreline without my injured foot once touching the ground . 
 i blew air out of my nostrils as i completely submerged my whole body . 
 the water felt so perfect , so clean and crisp . 
 i waded out far enough to where my weight had shifted to something lighter , and i could hold myself up easily on one foot . 
 i grabbed a handful of sand from the water and started scrubbing , exfoliating all the filthy , dead skin away . 
 after i was done , i thought it safe to put down my injured ankle - or actually , my previously injured ankle . 
 it was completely healed . 
 my head swam dreamily , and i felt better than i ever had before . 
 i tugged my drenched body away from the water and back onto shore . 
 the land felt good under my newly restored foot . 
 after throwing the animals in to restore them for the rest of our journey , i curled up in a ball under a big tree right next to the water . 
 tomorrow i was going home . 
 all the force in the world could n't have kept me from smiling . 
 i pursed my lips , bit them , turned them upside down , but no matter how i tried , they would just flip back into a big grin . 
 my heart raced , and my blood pounded . 
 any moment i was to see the castle of tentaleigh rising over the hilltops . 
 i forced clupint to speed on , and i paid coca hardly any attention . 
 then it came ! 
 the glorious towers arose from the ground and pierced the sky . 
 it looked magical . 
 i gave out a long hoot for victory . 
 i sped clupint up again . 
 `` coca , get here . 
 i do n't want anything to happen to you . 
 you could easily get lost ! '' 
 i put the monkey on my head as i approached the gates . 
 then realizing my joy , i kicked the horse 's sides even harder . 
 not trying to be cruel , of course , but i had to hurry him . 
 the wind blew through my stiff brown hair , blowing the un-brushed mess behind me . 
 i smiled into the sun . 
 i heard cries from the guards at the gates , telling that the princess was back , and they needed to prepare to let me in . 
 they seemed so excited ! 
 about me ! 
 i sighed , for the thought made me feel needed . 
 i zoomed up to them and stopped clupint so hard he almost skidded . 
 `` hi ! '' 
 i squeaked excitedly . 
 `` hello , princess ! '' 
 the guards gave cheers for my return . 
 `` please open the gate for me . 
 i am so ? '' 
 i could n't find the words for how i felt . 
 excited . 
 nervous . 
 everything you could feel wrapped up into one emotion . 
 slowly the door inched down , finally thudding on the earthen floor . 
 `` yah ! '' 
 i whacked clupint 's flanks and we started with a jolt . 
 i was greeted by a servant who took my horse . 
 he bowed stylishly , exposing a bald spot on the middle of his head . 
 `` we are deeply honored to have you back with us , your highness . '' 
 i handed him the reins after i plopped off . 
 he reached for the monkey atop my head . 
 i stopped him . 
 `` do you think it 's a good idea ? 
 he has n't been around anyone in his life but me , '' i asked him . 
 `` maybe you are right , '' he smiled . 
 i grinned back and brushed by him . 
 i was eager to see father ! 
 i ran into the palace and tore through the halls . 
 a manservant caught up with me and told me he was to escort me to the throne room . 
 as we walked , i stole a side glance at myself in the mirror . 
 when i saw what a sight i was , i stayed for a longer look . 
 i was too thin and had straggly , wiry hair strewn about my head , and my complexion was freckly and sunburned . 
 but one could tell what person lay behind the mess , and she was actually someone worth something , a person worth knowing . 
 the freckles caught my eyes again . 
 lashebah was going to have a time with lemon juice , scrubbing them from my fair complexion ! 
 when the doorway came into sight , i could spot father sitting on his throne , looking rather bored . 
 his head was tilted onto his hand , and he was talking to his counselors . 
 i broke from the manservant 's grasp and blazed across the way into fathers arms . 
 i took him completely by surprise ! 
 `` oh , father ! '' 
 despite myself , i started weeping . 
 `` i 'm so glad i 'm home . '' 
 my words came out in a hoarse whisper . 
 i wept and kissed his neck . 
 then i stepped back , remembering my duty . 
 i pulled out the box byre had given me . 
 i knelt before him and held it over my head . 
 `` i have brought you these as proof that i killed a colie . 
 and this , '' i pulled out the faash 's shoe . 
 `` this is proof that i fought off some faashes on my way . '' 
 father took them in awe . 
 i felt important as i stooped down before him . 
 i felt like i had found where my destiny lay . 
 when i stood up and turned around , i found an embarrassing , yet astonishing site . 
 the whole court was now in the throne room watching me . 
 like a wave they dropped to their knees . 
 i felt father rise behind me . 
 he put his hand firmly on my shoulder , and ushered me down the long red carpet . 
 everyone surrounding me was in as much awe of me as i was of them . 
 so many people at once . 
 `` princess ? '' 
 i spun my head to the front and found brye , kneeling in front of me . 
 then he stood , and held out his arm . 
 `` oh , prince ! '' 
 i threw my arms around him , ignoring his awaiting arm . 
 i was tired of being escorted . 
 and what a relief to see him again ! 
 as i hugged him , he seemed to melt into me . 
 then he lifted me up and spun me around a few times . 
 he set me down , giving me a clear view of his sparkling eyes . 
 `` can you believe it ? '' 
 i whispered to him as i took his arm . 
 thus we strolled inside , mocking a formal greeting . 
 `` you did it ! 
 you really did it , layla . '' 
 his smile grew wide . 
 `` i know ! '' 
 giggles of glee gurgled happily in my throat . 
 `` if it were n't for you , none of this would have happened ! '' 
 brye protested . 
 `` it was completely your own idea to run away . '' 
 `` yes , but you came up with the idea to give me a chance ! 
 stop trying to give me credit , '' i slipped him a sly grin . 
 but my grin was n't returned ; only an uneasy smile was offered . 
 brye pulled out a chair for me , and i sat down . 
 as we began to eat , all the frowns were lost in merry chatter . 
 chapter 11 i raised my arms out to the side while lashebah was pinning my dress . 
 i had lost so much weight that my old gowns no longer fit . 
 but the one she was pinning to make snug was one she had prepared for me in anticipation of my return . 
 pale lavender , tapered at the waist , and a very full skirt . 
 the sleeves bloomed far over my hands , but there was a slit exposing my elegant fingers . 
 i was smothered in aromatic oils , making me feeling more like a princess again . 
 i bunched the skirt in my hand as i skipped down the stone , spiral staircase . 
 once again happy-go-lucky , and nonchalant . 
 i was a princess again . 
 the chandeliers from above shimmered candlelight from their perches . 
 i slowed my skip to a graceful stride . 
 firmly i grasped the marble railing , clacking my neatly trimmed nails on the dense surface . 
 my smile was warm and friendly to the guest that waited below . 
 happily i swung the curls that had escaped from lashebah 's strange hair-do , carefully complementing my face . 
 i bit my lips and let my hand clasp the skirt lightly , holding the delicate purple fabric between two fingers . 
 i stopped at the landing before continuing all the way down . 
 people were dressed finer than i had seen in a long time . 
 i spotted brye . 
 when he turned and saw me , his eyes brightened . 
 he set down his goblet on a table and winked at me . 
 as he started for the bottom of the staircase , i spotted two very welcome , very unexpected guests . 
 my face grew wide with a smile . 
 adda and wade ! 
 i waved at them , feeling animated . 
 when they saw me they started in brye 's trail . 
 when adda made it to the stairs i flew into her arms . 
 `` oh adda ! 
 i had no idea you would be here ! '' 
 i drew myself back from a warm embrace and held her hands . 
 `` and i never realized you were so pretty , '' she sighed . 
 i chuckled , trying to ignore the comment . 
 i did n't want things like that to overcome me ; warriors were never vain . 
 `` well , i am glad you are here . '' 
 adda stepped out of the way and wade took my hand . 
 `` so glad to have you here ! 
 how did miss missy make out ? '' 
 i smiled warmly . 
 wade grinned . 
 `` oh , you know . 
 i guess she did fine . 
 but i do not think you will be seeing much of her anymore ! '' 
 i laughed accordingly , and motioned brye to step closer into our circle . 
 `` brye , this is wade and adda . 
 they were so kind to let me stay at their tavern and to offer gracious friendship during my lonely struggle . '' 
 i turned to the two . 
 `` and this is my ever-long friend , prince brydon of dreideth . '' 
 brye turned to adda , took her hand and smiled . 
 `` pleased to make your acquaintance , miss adda . '' 
 he winked . 
 `` and you can call me brye . '' 
 `` the pleasure 's all mine ! '' 
 she said in between giggles . 
 when brye turned to wade , he surprised me by being quite the opposite of the way he was with adda . 
 his eyes frosted over , and he leaned over in what seemed to be an attempt to bow . 
 it was more like a resentful nod of his head . 
 luckily wade was feeling more sociable , and he stuck out his hand . 
 the handshake was far from hearty on brye 's side . 
 it reminded me of something called jealousy . 
 `` well , '' i said stepping between them . 
 `` shall we eat ? 
 i do believe that i am still famished ! '' 
 playing hostess was tough . 
 brye took my arm and led me to my seat as always . 
 as we walked , i twisted a fugitive curl around my finger . 
 `` you can tell your mother that i sent out twenty chickens yesterday , '' i told wade . 
 adda clapped her hands . 
 it was then i realized she was wearing the gown i had given her . 
 the thought arose that i should go through my sideboard that night , and give her the ones i did not want anymore . 
 my exploits on the road made me even more discreet with my clothing . 
 `` adda , would it be okay if you and wade stayed the night at the castle ? 
 tomorrow we could all go visit snowy falls . 
 it would be a mellow , relaxing experience . '' 
 brye opened his mouth in protest , but i cut him off and gave him a shushing look . 
 `` and ? 
 i have something for you , adda . '' 
 adda looked up with bright interest . 
 `` for me ? '' 
 i nodded , but then realized that wade was probably the one i should have been asking if they could stay the night . 
 `` do you think your parents would mind ? 
 i could send word to them . '' 
 he shrugged , but i could sense excitement in his spirit . 
 `` i suppose that would be fine . 
 after all , you did stay with us for a week . 
 i am sure it would be better than trekking back in the dark after all . '' 
 i had n't thought of them alone in the woods at night . 
 i knew how frightening those kinds of encounters could be . 
 it would most likely be best for them to stay the night even if they did not want to , which they did . 
 so no problem was presented ? 
 save brye . 
 he pulled the chair out for me , and then took his place across from me . 
 `` wade , you and your sister may sit with us . 
 you at brye 's right . 
 adda , sit beside me . '' 
 so the two got the honor of being seated at the royal table . 
 i saw adda beaming with pride ; only the royal , the duke , the earl , the baron , their wives and royal guests usually sat at our table . 
 adda must have felt extremely important . 
 wade on the other hand , was lost somewhere . 
 a look i had seen on brye many times before . 
 i turned to my food , thinking no more of the boys ' rivalry . 
 my thoughts turned instead to the tranquil , peaceful little trip we were to take the next day . 
 snowy falls was a place high on mount verru . 
 the temperature there can stay as warm as forty degrees fahrenheit , or as cold as forty below zero . 
 it was a magical sight , though . 
 a waterfall , taller than the highest tower ; a lake , deeper than the deepest cavern . 
 the waterfall dropped not water , but snow . 
 the vision of it was more astounding than anything else a person would ever see . 
 but we would have to bundle up . 
 a hand came from behind me and took my empty plate . 
 it was swapped with a bowl of frozen cake . 
 not my favorite dessert . 
 nevertheless , i shoved my fork into the crustiness of the wintry platter and held it to my mouth . 
 i looked over at adda , who was digging in with eagerness . 
 wade was doing the same . 
 but brye was feeling my thoughts - that they could have picked something a little more appetizing . 
 he gave me a sympathetic shrug and shoveled some into his mouth . 
 i sighed and gently pushed the plate away . 
 just then the music started to play . 
 i could hear the melodious harp . 
 so majestic ; my favorite . 
 then it got livelier , so i stood up and pushed in my chair . 
 this was the time i was supposed to dance with people who would usually never get a chance to dance with a princess , because the royal table was still busy feasting . 
 i strolled over to the ballroom floor . 
 there was no door separating the two . 
 it was one big room , so the people who did not wish to rise and re-buckle their belts could simply sit and relax , watching the dancers glide . 
 of course i did not wait long for a tap on the shoulder . 
 i was getting tired after four dances . 
 the music changed on my account . 
 the next tap was a familiar face . 
 brye . 
 after a dance with him , i politely retired . 
 for once i wanted to rest before departing from the castle . 
 i left behind many unhappy subjects . 
 but what did i care ? 
 i was not your average princess ! 
 `` lashebah , can you watch coca for me ? '' 
 i hollered while rushing down my much loved spiral staircase . 
 `` would that happen to be the thing that is ? 
 ugh ! 
 trying to get on my head ? '' 
 her irritated screech floated down into my ears . 
 i took a second to give a hurried laugh . 
 `` yeah , that would be coca . 
 he 'll eat just about any fruit you put in front of him . '' 
 quickly i scurried down the rest of the way . 
 i did not want to keep anybody waiting , and i was eager to get to snowy falls . 
 my stretched olive green dress rested flippantly at my ankles , and the sleeves were scrunched up to my elbows . 
 my hair was knotted into seven different buns , each with its own unique design , but a few wisps were left forsaken , plastered against my damp forehead . 
 `` brye , do you have clupint , rebel and dido ready ? '' 
 i queried , checking off things from a list in my head . 
 `` i 've got it all , princess . 
 stop worrying , '' he grinned . 
 brye seemed a little more excited today about our trip than yesterday . 
 he had wiped off his look of detestation . 
 `` i can not help it ! 
 and , '' i made a face at him . 
 `` do n't call me princess . '' 
 `` whatever you say , '' brye looked down with a smile , and quietly added , `` princess . '' 
 adda gave a peal of laughter . 
 naturally , though . 
 everything made her laugh . 
 i ignored his taunt and headed to the kitchen . 
 `` here , miss . '' 
 aola held out two baskets . 
 she smiled painfully , as if her lips were pinned in a beam . 
 warily , i smiled back and took the four lunches . 
 they were heavy . 
 a good sign ! 
 aola was quite a good cook , although her skills were getting weaker as she grew older . 
 and her memory was leaving her . 
 last year for my birthday she made a mutton pie in place of a birthday cake . 
 `` oooo , '' brye lifted up the white cloth and peeked inside . 
 `` leave it alone ! '' 
 i scolded , pulling the basket away . 
 `` you can see it later , at lunch time . '' 
 the four of us left the castle and found the horses . 
 they were readied and waiting , with our cloaks , scarves and shawls in bags on the back . 
 we all got on , adda and i on one because she did n't know how to ride well enough to go all the way up the mountain by herself , brye and wade each with their own . 
 there was no way i would force those two to ride together . 
 after we were out of the safety of the castle walls , i could tell everyone was getting bored , and so could brye . 
 afraid of what he might do , i started up a conversation . 
 `` you like dido , wade ? '' 
 i nodded at the speckled horse he was riding . 
 `` sure , '' he smiled . 
 he ran his fingers through the classical white mane . 
 `` you may have him . 
 i have so many horses . 
 and i really only want one . 
 plus , you said you would like to have your own . '' 
 he opened his mouth in protest , so i cut him off . 
 i knew what he was going to say . 
 `` do n't think of it as charity ! 
 it is a gift . 
 like adda 's gown . '' 
 wade gave a warm look of thanks . 
 i nodded . 
 and brye seemed to be getting agitated . 
 he reached his hand over , and slapped clupint 's flanks . 
 life stalled to slow-motion once more . 
 the horse took off with a jolt that could have caused a whiplash , sending the reins flying to the ground . 
 i closed my eyes and held on tight , screaming at brye . 
 `` why did you do that ? '' 
 my words were stretched long and loud . 
 adda 's eyes were shut , her forehead was wrinkled up , and her mouth was wide opened with an excited shrill . 
 i closed my eyes but my mouth opened , sending out a laughing-scream . 
 then everything sped up again . 
 i turned back and looked at the boys who were laughing . 
 but brye 's laugh looked more amused , rolling up from his stomach and out his mouth . 
 wade looked as if he were half amused , half worried about us . 
 i shook my head at his uneasiness and turned back around . 
 we rounded a bend , splashing through puddles . 
 clupint took a wrong trail , darting through stagnant water . 
 tree branches started whacking our faces . 
 i pushed adda 's head down so she would not get hurt . 
 we could not stop the horse ourselves . 
 i looked up to see where we were heading , and i got smacked across the side of my chin . 
 blood began to trickle down my neck . 
 keeping my head down , i looked behind us . 
 i saw brye , with wade close behind him . 
 they were n't laughing anymore . 
 `` stop us , '' i mouthed . 
 he nodded solemnly , full of confidence . 
 for once i was counting on that confidence . 
 i could feel the hoof beats of the two horses gaining ground behind us . 
 i breathed deep and hard . 
 but my breath was stopped short when i looked up to see why the branches had stopped clouting us . 
 we were in a clearing , and at the edge of the clearing there was literally an edge . 
 a cliff . 
 a drop . 
 i could see the valley below , and it looked two hundred feet down . 
 if they could n't stop clupint , we were going to die ! 
 my heart began thumping up and down . 
 the border of land was approaching rapidly . 
 my muscles tightened in fear . 
 every step , we got closer . 
 and closer . 
 i could now see down straight , the view from the edge . 
 then i saw two hands fly from behind . 
 they each grabbed a rein , and jerked the horse . 
 clupint 's front legs flew up , and he reared , bucking up both adda me into a puddle of muddy water . 
 i wrenched my body , searching for breath . 
 my hands dug through the mud , frantically searching for something to grip . 
 then brye tugged me up off the ground , saying , `` i 'm - i 'm sorry . 
 it was n't supposed to happen like that . '' 
 barely acknowledging his apology , i released myself from his grasp and turned to adda . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i panted . 
 she nodded , seeming perfectly fine . 
 not even frightened , just dazed . 
 `` you are n't , '' wade said gesturing to the cut on my neck . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` just a scratch . 
 believe me , i 've endured much worse . '' 
 i touched the blood with my fingers . 
 `` let 's keep going ! '' 
 i trudged past them , leading the horse away from the cliff . 
 brye , wade and adda followed . 
 adda was now scared of clupint , and insisted in riding with her brother . 
 i was way ahead of them , tromping through dirty puddles and moving waving branches from the midst of my trail . 
 i felt important for some reason . 
 i pushed my sleeves back up and wiped the beads of sweat from my brow . 
 i could hear their voices , although i could tell they were purposely being kept low . 
 i could make out the topic of their conversation . 
 and it was about me . 
 `` so determined , so fresh . 
 i do not think anyone would be able to control her , '' wade alleged . 
 `` well , she is determined . 
 i will give her that . 
 and there is only one person that can control her , '' brye said . 
 that was probably true . 
 but who was he thinking of that could control me ? 
 i smiled stiffly at their comments . 
 i got back to the path , stopped walking and started twisting the bridle around my fingers . 
 who would have thought my mellow and peaceful experience would have turned out so ? 
 wild ? 
 at least no one got hurt . 
 and i did n't cry , did i ? 
 i had a feeling that it would be awhile before i had a reason to cry again . 
 i watched the three tramping in the woods . 
 wade and adda looked like they had just had the most exciting adventure of their lives . 
 but they probably had n't ever done anything like that ; adda had probably never stepped on death 's doorstep , lucky to fall back off again . 
 i pulled my hands out of the reins . 
 i looked back at brye , wade and adda , still walking . 
 rather slowly . 
 `` hurry up ! 
 at this rate snowy falls will be melted by the time we get there ! '' 
 they quickened to a jog . 
 when we were finally all back on the horses , i urged everyone to speed up . 
 our horses trekked up the mountain . 
 it usually got colder by the second . 
 but for some reason , not one of us reached back for a cloak or shawl . 
 `` right over this hill , '' i exclaimed . 
 `` it should be ! '' 
 we raced over the hill eager to see the falling snow . 
 but immediately our mouths dropped open with shock . 
 the only sound heard was the trickling of ? 
 water . 
 snowy falls had melted ! 
 `` um , where 's the snow ? '' 
 adda was the first one to speak . 
 to no surprise , as soon as she saw all of us speechless , she started giggling . 
 i closed my mouth and made an effort to speak . 
 `` see ? 
 i told you to hurry up ! 
 now all the snow is gone ! '' 
 i joined adda in a storm of laughter . 
 we jumped off our horses and went to investigate . 
 the water was so clear you could see right to the bottom of the lake , which had once been a snow pit . 
 the snowfall was now a crystal-clear water fall , with a rainbow streaking through it . 
 the place looked like a piece of heaven . 
 you could see behind the water fall , a platform that jutted out of the mountainside . 
 it looked like a cave , barred in by walls of water . 
 `` hey , look up there ! '' 
 adda had spotted it too . 
 she had already started climbing the rock wall that ran up beside the waterfall , and surprisingly she was making progress . 
 but she was about to tear her dress . 
 i ran over to her and grabbed her off the wall . 
 she was n't heavy . 
 `` hold on ! '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` you are about to rip your gown . 
 why do n't we shed these heavy carpets ? '' 
 i suggested , all ready stripping down to my camisole . 
 there was no one there to see us ! 
 but still , adda 's mouth was broad with horror . 
 `` it 's okay , silly ! 
 i am sure they would understand . '' 
 `` everyone but lashebah , '' brye said , walking up behind us . 
 `` well , you do n't have to tell her , '' i reprimanded him , as they started climbing ahead . 
 `` wait for us up there . 
 we might need your help ! '' 
 i grinned mischievously . 
 i did n't really need help ; there were not many things i need assistance with . 
 all the same , i was the princess , and i felt like making them work . 
 free of our heavy skirts adda and i found foot and hand holes and started our way up . 
 after a few steps up , i reached my hand skyward , grasping for a handle . 
 but i did not find one . 
 `` if someone does not help me , i shall fall and perish ! '' 
 the water looked mystical . 
 `` help me , '' i whispered , trying very hard not to grin . 
 i held my hand up to brye , who took it of course . 
 i could see that he had a good hold , so i made myself dead weight . 
 i saw his eyes bulge and his muscles tighten . 
 he was only holding on to me with one hand . 
 he lifted me a bit , then panted , `` find a foot hole or i 'm going to drop you . '' 
 i found a foot hole just in case he was going to let go , and grabbed on with my other hand . 
 `` you would never do such a thing ! '' 
 `` you really do n't think so ? '' 
 he let my fingers go one by one , until he had let go of my hand . 
 after i was on my own , he chuckled and kept climbing up . 
 i started climbing up again , and i continued to climb . 
 the wall was much taller than it seemed , and it seemed as if it were built for climbing : full of handles and gaps , not very steep . 
 there were even some resting places . 
 huffing and puffing , i realized that i needed one of those places . 
 `` hey , guys ? 
 i need to rest . 
 i am getting tired ? 
 and dizzy . '' 
 the heat and humidity were making me woozy . 
 `` well , hold on ! 
 lean up against the wall , but do n't let go . '' 
 the two boys started down towards me , almost racing . 
 `` i am not going to fall , if that 's what you 're thinking ! '' 
 i laughed . 
 but as i swayed , i began to have second thoughts . 
 `` nope , you just hold on . '' 
 brye jumped onto a ledge and stretched his arm down . 
 `` come on , '' he urged . 
 it was then i realized how much i needed a rest . 
 i looked up , but things were starting to get blurry . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 i reached my hand up , meaning to meet his , but i grabbed at a double . 
 through the haziness i could tell brye 's jaw was set . 
 i watched him catch my arm and pull me up onto the outcrop . 
 when i was sitting down , i fanned myself with my hand . 
 it was not like me to have such a weakness ! 
 for a second i was quite ashamed , but then understood that it was merely the heat that had caused me to lose myself . 
 `` it 's not far . 
 see ? '' 
 brye pointed up at the cliff protruding from the side of the waterfall . 
 wade was already up there now , and adda was being elevated up by the two strong arms of her brother . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i can make it now . '' 
 i stood up and grabbed for a visible handle , but i missed and began to rock . 
 i lost my footing and almost fell off . 
 brye caught me , `` no you ca n't . '' 
 i pushed his hands off of me , determined to get up there myself . 
 `` i 'm almost sixteen now , '' i pushed my foot into a gap in the rock . 
 `` i think i can do this myself . '' 
 brye pushed me up anyway . 
 wade grabbed my hands and pulled me into the cave . 
 i sat down , and scooted myself closer to the waterfall . 
 i took some water and splashed it in my face . 
 somewhat revived , i looked around . 
 it took my breath away . 
 the sky was nearly violet through the transparent falling curtain of water : a rainbow tied a ribbon of color to the dense cavern . 
 drops of water fell from the ceiling creating tiny splashes on the stone floor . 
 it smelled like it does after it rains , and the air comfortable . 
 i hugged myself in awe . 
 the air glittered with vigor . 
 i spun around , looking everything over again and again . 
 `` this is ? 
 is glorious ! '' 
 i smiled in amazement . 
 brye climbed in and took a look also . 
 `` wow , '' he breathed . 
 then he started tapping his foot . 
 i looked at him with uncertainty . 
 but then i knew . 
 he took my hand and started twirling me around and around . 
 adda grabbed wade , forcing him to do the same . 
 the world passed me in a whirl . 
 we started getting close to the edge of the cave , near the waterfall , and i started getting nervous . 
 i was spinning , swirling and twisting towards the edge ! 
 then all of the sudden i stopped , leaning half way over the edge . 
 brye held me with my face in the water , tauntingly . 
 then he pulled me back out of it , and away from the edge , still spinning . 
 when we finally stopped , i was so dizzy i could n't stand . 
 `` what a wonderful friend i have ! 
 spinning me sick without even a hint ! 
 how thoughtful , '' i battered sarcastically and grinned . 
 he gave me a weird smile , crooked and half-lost in another world . 
 i massaged my temples trying to make the world stop whirling . 
 `` oh , my . 
 can you imagine what lashebah would say or do , if she saw us now ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 brye sat with his knees up , tapping the damp stone floor with his fingers . 
 `` she 'd call us a disgrace , '' he looked up . 
 i glanced at wade , who was obviously lost . 
 `` who is lashebah ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` my nanny . 
 she has - or was supposed to - ensure my transformation into a lady after my mother 's death . '' 
 i looked away half wistfully . 
 `` she did not succeed . '' 
 `` oh , your mother ? 
 i do not know what i would do if my mama died ! '' 
 adda exclaimed , and then wandered off without anyone noticing . 
 chapter 12 the three of us began to talk . 
 we talked of food , horses , and why i did n't bring coca . 
 lost in conversation , we did n't notice that adda was nowhere in sight . 
 `` my , adda is quiet ! '' 
 i was actually talking to her , but not directly . 
 when she did n't say anything , my heart leapt with fear . 
 `` adda ? '' 
 i got up , and looked around the tiny cavern . 
 she was n't anywhere to be seen ! 
 `` adda ? '' 
 i called again . 
 if she was n't up here , could she have fallen ? 
 but certainly we would have heard her . 
 `` guys , '' i whimpered . 
 `` adda 's gone ! '' 
 i saw alarm rise in wade 's chest and his brow crease . 
 he looked like adda when he did that . 
 she always had a silly serious look about her . 
 oh ! 
 we had to find her ! 
 i lay on my belly and peered over the cliff . 
 all i saw was a shimmering mist . 
 `` hey , look ! '' 
 brye waved his hand for us to come . 
 there was a small slit in the back wall rock , just big enough to fit a small body through . 
 `` is she in there ? '' 
 i asked frantically , rushing over to inspect it . 
 i peeked inside , and sure enough there was a small body in there , not alarmed a twit . 
 in her hand she held a small shimmering object . 
 `` look ! 
 it 's a crystal . '' 
 adda shifted it in her hand , turning it over to observe . 
 it sparkled so brightly that i could see little glows of light on adda 's face that had reflected off the stone . 
 wade took the precious rock from his sister . 
 from his pocket emerged some twine , damp as the rest of us . 
 then he entwined the two , making a necklace . 
 `` wow , '' i breathed . 
 `` here , '' he said giving it to me . 
 `` you can have it . '' 
 i took it and slipped it over my moist head . 
 it rested just below my neckline . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' i said . 
 `` yeah , almost as beautiful as the diamond studded one i gave you , '' brye replied defensively . 
 `` oh , brye ! 
 you just ruined this beautiful moment . '' 
 i tried to shut brye up for wade 's sake . 
 not everybody got to give a present to a princess and receive thanks for it . 
 even if it were made merely with twine and cavern crystal . 
 `` every moment is beautiful with you , '' wade said with a strange reflection in his eyes . 
 `` um ? 
 right . '' 
 i brushed past him quickly . 
 when i glanced through the curtain of water , i saw the setting sun . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` it is so majestic . '' 
 adda came and stood by me . 
 `` yes ! 
 i love the pink clouds . 
 i do not care a whole lot for the orange or purple , though , '' she stated thoughtfully . 
 `` oh , i like it all ! 
 it is so magical , '' i declared . 
 `` no matter how beautiful , we will have to be leaving soon . 
 it will get dark shortly , and we might not know the way back , '' wade declared . 
 `` you may not know the way back , but i certainly do . 
 if i did n't , we would have left hours ago ! 
 we will stay until the princess gets tired and decides it is time to leave , '' brye huffed defensively . 
 i shook my head . 
 i would rather him not refer to me as ` the princess ' . 
 i watched wade reproachfully walk off and sit on a lonely rock . 
 `` well i have gotten tired and decided it was time to leave . '' 
 i concealed a yawn in vain . 
 there was a real reason i wanted to go , even though i was not really getting tired : i did not want to get too sleepy to climb by myself . 
 wade carried adda over to where she was to climb down , protesting all the way . 
 `` i can walk by myself ! '' 
 but he carried her against her will all the same . 
 i watched her disappear from sight . 
 reluctantly i pulled myself from my comfortable rock seat at brye 's bidding . 
 brye 's bidding ? 
 surely i was n't submitting to him . 
 could he be the one that was able to tell me what to do , to be able to control me ? 
 no . 
 definitely not . 
 i quickly pushed the thought from my mind . 
 the whole way down the cliff i was nearly sliding . 
 luckily getting down was easier than climbing up . 
 i was even more tired than had i thought . 
 i glided off the rock and onto clupint . 
 the air had started to get chillier , and i rubbed my arms . 
 we started off slowly . 
 very slowly . 
 it seemed that the animals were sleepier than we were . 
 i looked back for my last glimpse of the magnificent sight . 
 but what really caught my eyes were ? 
 two gowns , two pairs of boots , and two pairs of stockings ! 
 `` adda ! '' 
 i shrieked . 
 `` our clothes ! '' 
 her mouth turned into an oval shape , her top lip brought as far down as it could go . 
 we both jumped off the horse and rushed back to the wall . 
 our things were hanging , waiting for us . 
 and the boys were n't going to say anything , either ! 
 just like brye and wade , i looked back , and i could tell by their hysterics that they would have let us go home wearing nothing but our camisoles . 
 everyone would fall over when they saw us , white with shock . 
 we quickly started throwing things on . 
 the whole time i kept my eyes on the boys , who were bound to run off and leave us . 
 then as if they had read my mind , they took off like an arrow ! 
 we had almost finished putting our things back on , except for our shoes . 
 we started scurrying , falling over from trying to put a shoe on and running at the same time . 
 they were going to get it when we caught up ! 
 after dropping adda and wade off at their tavern , brye and i were approaching the looming castle . 
 in the dark , it looked haunted . 
 the towers rested in the distance like dragons , and the orange flags looked like fires emerging from their mouths . 
 but i was too tired to let the sight frighten me . 
 the guards let down the drawbridge . 
 the thunk of the wood hitting the earth did not wake me up as i had hoped it would . 
 one eye closed , one open , i entered the castle and climbed up the stairs to my room . 
 i stripped off everything but my boots , completely forgetting about them . 
 i plopped onto my bed . 
 as soon as my head hit the pillow , i was asleep . 
 it was a good thing brye had offered to go tell my father that we were back home . 
 `` did you have a good time yesterday ? '' 
 lashebah fluffed my pillows as i got dressed . 
 `` you did n't get cold , did you ? '' 
 i chuckled lightly as i pulled on my stockings . 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 `` oh , good . 
 then i sent enough extras . '' 
 she finished and set the pillows in a neat row . 
 `` actually , '' i started . 
 `` we did n't use the extras . '' 
 she looked at me , baffled . 
 `` snowy falls had melted . '' 
 i watched her brow crease and her arms sling to her hips . 
 her smile slowly faded . 
 `` oh . 
 it must have been this appalling summer we had . 
 and with all the rain ! '' 
 she clacked her tongue thoughtfully . 
 `` i wish i had known . 
 you could have worn something lighter ! '' 
 i stifled a giggle . 
 `` we were fine . '' 
 i kept my mouth half closed . 
 `` i will tell your father to have surianna freeze it up again , '' lashebah said . 
 surianna controlled the weather in tentaleigh . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i said frantically . 
 `` it will freeze up on its own . 
 and anyway , it is so perfect the way it is . 
 oh , lashebah ! 
 we watched the sun set from behind the waterfall . '' 
 she folded a blanket and placed it at the end of the bed . 
 `` behind it ? 
 how did you manage to climb with your heavy skirts ? '' 
 she looked surprised . 
 `` oh , you know ? 
 i am accustomed to hard work now , and i , uh ? '' 
 i trailed off , not wanting to give the fact away that we took off our heavy skirts . 
 a manservant entered the room . 
 `` princess layla , your father , his excellency king duryea iii awaits your presence in his study . '' 
 so formal . 
 could he not have just simply said , `` princess , your father wants you . 
 he 's in his office '' ? 
 even excluding the ` princess ' part would be nice . 
 the servants ' way of speech made absolutely no sense to me . 
 i slipped out of the room . 
 hopefully lashebah would forget her curiosity before she saw me again . 
 i did not want to see the kind of fit she would throw if she only knew the truth ! 
 i skipped flippantly down the hall . 
 what did he want ? 
 maybe a special request . 
 uh-oh . 
 what had i done ? 
 maybe it was n't something i did , but something he wanted to give me . 
 most likely not . 
 i held my breath and knocked on the door to the study . 
 `` come in . '' 
 his gruff voice boomed from inside . 
 timidly i pushed open the door and let myself in . 
 the old floor boards creaked under my feet . 
 `` you wanted to see me ? '' 
 i tried not to sound nervous . 
 he looked up , and for a second his eyes seemed far away , out of focus . 
 `` oh . 
 yes , i did . '' 
 he pushed his chair from his desk . 
 `` as becoming your present age , i have arranged a new bedroom for you . 
 the nursery you live in now ? '' 
 i shut out his words . 
 i did not want a new room ! 
 i loved my present one ! 
 `` it 's not a nursery ! '' 
 i fumed , clenching my fists and biting my lip . 
 he did n't look the least bit concerned . 
 `` no matter . 
 you still need a new one . 
 sixteen is a year of change . '' 
 his words were so meaningless ! 
 they almost seemed rehearsed ! 
 `` do not defy me , daughter . 
 it is about privacy . 
 you need to be farther away from the stairs , where traffic is common . '' 
 not the staircase ! 
 oh , my beloved spiral staircase . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut . 
 why ? 
 my only guess was that when we had visitors , guests , he did not want them anywhere near me . 
 my head threatened an angry outburst . 
 `` rolphene ! '' 
 father stopped a passing manservant . 
 the manservant bowed deeply , but said nothing . 
 `` would you please show the princess to her new room ? '' 
 the servant got a far-away look in his eyes , then nodded . 
 as i followed him , his eyes purposely avoided mine . 
 he was a young manservant , probably in his twenties , with light brown hair and thin stubble . 
 his eyes were such a pale blue that it was haunting . 
 `` is there something i do not know ? '' 
 i asked subtly . 
 he turned and stared bluntly . 
 `` no your highness . '' 
 fake drama bit at my earlobes . 
 there was something i did not know . 
 and i had to find out . 
 i followed the manservant very closely , almost at his heels . 
 we ventured far from the staircase , the opposite direction of my real room . 
 up another set of stairs , although hardly like the grand , gilded , marbled ones i cherished all my life . 
 my new flights of steps were gray and disturbing , and the corridor surrounding was so cold and narrow that i could hardly breathe . 
 when we reached the top , a dirty man with a black , metal box hurried past us with a brief tip his hat . 
 a locksmith . 
 `` gaday , princess . '' 
 a short-lived , curt , and meaningless greeting . 
 his eyes also avoided mine . 
 then we stepped into an even colder room . 
 it was lifeless , colorless , and numb . 
 not a cranny of cheeriness was hidden anywhere . 
 `` your father wishes you to move in tonight , and he also wants you to know there is to be a ball held in your honor , tonight also . '' 
 the manservant jerkily walked backward out of the room , then vanished from sight . 
 it was then i decided i would spend one night in the new dungeon , but no more . 
 in the morning i would renegotiate and return to my old room . 
 tonight i would let everyone believe i had surrendered to fathers wishes , yielded to his cruelty . 
 i needed a night to plan . 
 i fled to my old room , where i found lashebah laying out my gown for tonight . 
 there was a noticeably vast emptiness in her eyes . 
 `` there you are , love . '' 
 her words were limp . 
 `` i have been waiting for you ! '' 
 she walked towards me with a strange smile . 
 `` i made you another new gown ! '' 
 lying on the bed was a silver dress with a scoop neck and a tapered waist . 
 the sleeves looked as if they fit snugly , and then would dip down past my fingers in a flare . 
 it was magnificent , but it reminded me of cold , gray stone . 
 `` it 's beautiful , though , '' i sighed . 
 my fingers grazed over the diamonds that ran across the top . 
 then i noticed that a slit ran all the way down the sleeves , sewn together in places with light leather , exposing skin when worn . 
 interesting . 
 most definitely something i would wear . 
 chapter 13 i tugged the new gown over my head . 
 it was hard to get my arms through the sleeves without my fingers getting caught on the other openings . 
 i entwined my tiara into my mass of braid and coils that lashebah styled my hair with . 
 i stood looking in the mirror . 
 i looked like a princess . 
 i bit my lips , giving them color . 
 why did i look like someone i was n't ? 
 i slumped for a second , and made myself look fierce . 
 that did not look like me . 
 i stood up , back straight as a board , chin titled up ever so slightly , with an important air . 
 that was me . 
 princess layla . 
 no , not princess . 
 just layla . 
 the lone princess of tentaleigh . 
 i looped my middle fingers through the holes made for my fingers in the skirt and started downstairs . 
 i relished the last time my fingers would browse over the marble so freely . 
 the hand railing was cold , but it had an inner warmth . 
 something that the other staircase did not have . 
 but it would not be the last time ! 
 i had forgotten that i was to make a deal with father , and get my room back . 
 i needed to shove all worries away and enjoy myself tonight ! 
 i looked around for brye standing on my tiptoes at the foot of the landing . 
 finally i saw his ocher head above the crowd . 
 he certainly was tall . 
 when he got to me , he took my arm without a word . 
 `` do n't tell me you 're not going to look at me , either ! '' 
 i exclaimed above the chaos . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he forced a fake laugh . 
 play-acting . 
 he glanced at me . 
 then everybody moved from our path , and i realized i was standing on a red , velvet carpet . 
 `` um , '' i whispered . 
 what was going on ? 
 i had n't had this kind of treatment since i was christened . 
 `` make way , for her majesty , layla abbel , princess of tentaleigh ! '' 
 a voice boomed from somewhere i could not see . 
 trumpets blasted way too loudly inside a building . 
 everyone turned and smiled . 
 everyone . 
 suddenly , i was nervous . 
 i swallowed panic that had formed in my throat . 
 one trembling foot after the other , i followed brye 's lead down the center of the walkway . 
 i could n't look anywhere but straight in front of me , so i did not see the rumple in the carpet . 
 i looked down right as i stepped on it , but i did n't trip . 
 the next thing i knew , i was on the ground ! 
 why had i fallen ? 
 i was splat on the ground for no apparent reason . 
 then i realized that an old man had straightened out the wrinkle , just as i stepped on it . 
 i did not dare look anybody in the face now . 
 i got up and dusted off . 
 i could feel my face the color of a plum . 
 i heard a muffled laugh from beside me . 
 `` brye ! '' 
 i whispered . 
 he gave me an innocent look and shrugged his shoulders . 
 he had embarrassed us both . 
 but why be embarrassed ? 
 me ? 
 warriors were not nervous , never embarrassed . 
 were they ? 
 i lifted up my chin and walked tall . 
 i was important . 
 not embarrassed . 
 as soon as i regained my composure , i stumbled . 
 luckily i did not fall on my face this time . 
 but brye laughed out loud ! 
 and it was his turn to look embarrassed . 
 he turned red ! 
 he had never done that before . 
 after eating , i arose to dance . 
 this time brye was done eating early . 
 everyone seemed extra pleasant and polite tonight . 
 after a few dances with brye , i felt a tap on my shoulder . 
 i could tell by the look in brye 's eyes who it was . 
 `` wade ! '' 
 i spun around . 
 his mood seemed extra happy . 
 i watched brye reluctantly retire . 
 `` i have something to tell you ! '' 
 wade exclaimed after one dance . 
 his expression worried me somewhat . 
 i crossed my fingers , praying he was n't going to ask to marry me . 
 it was common for commoners to do something like that , even if they were not eligible . 
 he led me to a bench . 
 i quickly pulled my hands away . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` layla , i am joining your father 's militia ! '' 
 inside , i wiped the sweat from my brow . 
 that was a relief . 
 now at ease , i remembered to smile . 
 `` that 's wonderful , wade ! '' 
 he nodded with vigor . 
 `` now i can be closer to you and your family ! '' 
 i chuckled inside . 
 would n't brye be happy ! 
 `` yes , um , well , is n't that dandy ! '' 
 i rose from the bench . 
 i looked over , and brye was motioning for me to follow him outside . 
 i started after him into the garden , where we sat on a stone bench . 
 `` tell me , layla , would you ever turn against me ? 
 become my enemy , for any reason ? '' 
 he asked carefully . 
 `` no , of course not . 
 but ? 
 why ? '' 
 i furrowed my temple and cocked my head , in deep confusion . 
 he smiled and laughed nervously . 
 `` oh , you know ! 
 i see you with wade , and i want to make sure you two are n't going to run away or something ! '' 
 i could tell that was not really what he was trying to tell me . 
 he would n't worry about something like that . 
 what was n't he telling me ? 
 was it the same thing no one else would ? 
 brye opened his mouth like he was about to say something , then closed it and sighed . 
 `` well , enjoy yourself tonight . '' 
 he patted my shoulder and left me alone amidst the greenery . 
 whatever it was , i would have to find out in the morning . 
 i left the garden and entered the ballroom . 
 adda grabbed my arm . 
 `` come do the optyloue with me ! '' 
 she tugged at me . 
 the optyloue was a dance one usually did alone , but a partner was optional . 
 it was more of a little kids ' dance . 
 should i be caught doing something like that ? 
 `` sure , '' i said . 
 and that ended up being the last dance before i went to bed . 
 sunlight peeped through my window . 
 my new window . 
 even though i hated this new room with a passion , i knew i was about to get rid of it , and that made me cheery . 
 i opened my eyes to the glaring sun , then closed them again . 
 reluctantly i threw the covers off , and sat up on the side of my bed . 
 i slipped my feet into my warm , woolen slippers . 
 i stood up and slipped my silk robe on . 
 i started for the door , but first i went over to my window and threw open the curtains . 
 no matter whose room it was , it need n't be so dreary ! 
 satisfied , i headed towards the door again . 
 i stuck my hand in my sleeve , to keep the cold stone knob from freezing my hand . 
 i twisted it , but it did n't turn . 
 i stood there for a second , dumbfounded . 
 but then i realized that it was probably my silk sleeve , and it did n't have enough grip to turn such a knob . 
 bracing myself for an icy jolt , i grabbed it again and turned . 
 really hard . 
 but it did n't turn . 
 it was locked . 
 eyes wide , i stumbled back on the cold stone floor and fell onto my bed . 
 i sat , heart jumping in my chest , trying to grasp what was going on . 
 then i figured it out . 
 father . 
 he had locked me up , something like rapunzel . 
 only i was different . 
 i needed to be free ! 
 like a bird in the sky . 
 i was not meant for heavy chains . 
 i was not meant for merely one room . 
 i needed to roam ! 
 roam and be free ! 
 but all of my dreams had been shattered at once , leaving me a barely breathing heap atop my bed . 
 i should have known something like this would happen . 
 everybody acting strange yesterday . 
 the only bedroom in the castle with a lock on it . 
 brye 's making me promise never to turn against him . 
 brye . 
 it was him ! 
 my mind flashed back , remembering father 's letter : `` brydon has come up with the idea , and i have now consented . '' 
 it was his own idea to get me home ! 
 and to keep me here ! 
 and i thought i was the selfish one ! 
 i jumped up and crossed over to the window . 
 i examined my choices carefully . 
 i was over the moat , so plan a would be to jump out and drown . 
 maybe at least they would feel bad . 
 plan b was to stay locked up forever . 
 my heart dropped to my feet in dismay . 
 there had to be another alternative ! 
 i could n't figure out which one was worse . 
 dying fast by falling into waters of doom , or dying slow by being driven into forlorn insanity . 
 i was still dumbstruck at the idea that father had been so devious as to lock me in my room , and ? 
 take coca ! 
 where was he ? 
 i had him in bed with me last night ! 
 but now he was gone ! 
 i ran over to the door and started banging on it with my fists . 
 if i was going to be kept imprisoned , they at least had to give me my monkey ! 
 with all my might my balled hands drove into the door . 
 finally someone came and opened the door . 
 the man did not say anything , just loomed over me in silence . 
 `` where is coca ? 
 give him to me now , or i 'll ? '' 
 i started shoving demands in his face . 
 `` if i am imprisoned like a criminal i have a right to my pets ! 
 where is he ? '' 
 i broke off , panting . 
 the man stepped aside . 
 brye came into view , holding coca in his arms . 
 his warm gaze met my cold gaze . 
 `` here , i took care of him last night . '' 
 my eyes did not shift as i retrieved the monkey . 
 he sighed . 
 `` listen , i know what you 're thinking . 
 it was n't my - '' he stalled , startled by my hateful look . 
 `` brydon , i can not talk to you right now . '' 
 i turned and faced the window . 
 i had just called him brydon . 
 i was really angry . 
 he came over and stood by me . 
 i kept my eyes focused on the glass . 
 i was so angry at the world , angry at father for locking me in , angry at brye for bringing me home . 
 `` now listen - '' `` no you listen ! '' 
 i cut him off . 
 `` you do n't understand anything ! 
 you do n't know ! 
 my whole life has been ruined , shattered , because of you ! '' 
 my hand flew to my mouth . 
 i had accused him too quickly , by the look of brye 's expression . 
 i began to reconsider whether he really had been part of this . 
 i had just blamed him falsely for ruining everything , and now he looked as if he could have died that second . 
 like his eyes were ready to brim with tears . 
 but they did n't . 
 mine did . 
 `` i 'm sorry ! '' 
 i let him put his arms around me , comforting me . 
 then i drew back . 
 `` i just do n't know who to believe , '' i bit my quivering lip . 
 he tilted my chin up with his square finger . 
 i stepped back . 
 shaking my head inside , i said , `` thanks for taking care of coca . '' 
 he understood i was hinting for him to leave . 
 he nodded and headed out of the room . 
 i slumped onto my bed . 
 how could words describe my misery , my despair ? 
 i did n't know what father planned to accomplish . 
 if he wanted to keep me confined , he could at least let me roam the castle . 
 my spirit was breaking . 
 i felt so unloved . 
 i tore in rage at pictures of everybody that had fooled me in my mind . 
 i had to get out . 
 but how ? 
 i could not ask brye . 
 last time i asked him for help , it got me brigged in a dreary tower . 
 imagine ! 
 locked up in a room with only a monkey for company . 
 and the room - oh , the room ! 
 it was gloomy as could be ! 
 they did n't even bother to hang my favorite tapestries . 
 what a major lack of color . 
 maybe if i requested a livelier room , a more satisfying place ? 
 maybe if i made everybody think i was absolutely content here , they would see their plan was not going to work and i would be released ! 
 that was my plan c . 
 more like my plan x. lashebah walked in , eyes all red and puffy . 
 `` is there anything i can do for you princess ? '' 
 she asked with a quivering voice . 
 the thought that ran through my head was , `` yes ! 
 first , do n't call me princess , second , get me out of here !!! '' 
 but i controlled myself . 
 screaming would mess up my plan . 
 `` yes . 
 this place is nice , but it needs more color . '' 
 i waved my hands about , as if i were planning the whole d cor . 
 `` some tapestries would do nicely . 
 and - oh , could you bring in some flowers ? 
 they might help overcome the musty smell . '' 
 i slapped a content look on my face . 
 lashebah looked shocked . 
 `` i shall ? 
 get on that right away . '' 
 chapter 14 it all worked out fairly well . 
 lashebah brought me my favorite flowers and my tapestries from my old room . 
 all of them strongly believed i was content . 
 i gritted my teeth at the thought . 
 what a lie . 
 i was in midst of bitter pain from a torturous life . 
 one day whilst i was pitying myself , i heard a quick rap at my door . 
 knowing it must be important , i opened the door as slowly as i could . 
 i had become the most irritating person in the castle . 
 lashebah poured in like a waterfall . 
 `` quick , layla ! 
 get into your finest clothes ! '' 
 i stared numbly at her . 
 she rolled her eyes impatiently and whispered , `` you have a visitor . '' 
 who would want to visit me , with my present moodiness ? 
 i put on my lavender gown , full of ruffles and detestable frills . 
 after i was dressed , she put a silver band around my head , with a v that dipped down my brow . 
 sort of like a last minute crown . 
 the second we had finished , i heard father knock on the door . 
 i knew it was father , accompanying my visitor . 
 i sat down , as un-ladylike as possible , legs extended and ankles crossed , hips jutted out and arms crossed . 
 my eyes felt as if they were growing in my head as father entered the room ? 
 with my guest . 
 i immediately knew what the guest was . 
 a suitor . 
 `` daughter layla , this is prince easton of drywood - '' dry brain ! '' 
 - who wishes to seek your hand in marriage . '' 
 father announced . 
 i got that `` look at me and i 'll slap you '' look on my face as i stood up . 
 i burned with anger . 
 i stood with my fists clenched , and made certain i did not smile . 
 feeling seditious , i decided to get loud . 
 `` father ! '' 
 i exclaimed , arms flailing every which way . 
 `` i am not - '' lashebah got a firm grasp on my wrist trying to shut me up . 
 `` i will not be quiet ! 
 now let go ! '' 
 i pushed her off . 
 `` i am not going to be married off to some brainless lout ! 
 never ! '' 
 i glanced over at easton , a goofy smile resting on his face . 
 `` now you might as well get out ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` you listen to me ! '' 
 father raised his voice . 
 something he never did . 
 he started turning pink , then turned down his volume . 
 `` prince easton is seeking your hand to unite our two kingdoms . '' 
 `` with a little encouragement from you ? '' 
 i shouted back . 
 this would not be happening if mother were still here . 
 but she was n't . 
 then i got an idea . 
 `` no thanks , but i thank you for coming , easton . 
 i am not doing anything until i am released . '' 
 i began to act absolutely normal , and calm . 
 i held in the wrath of hell that had built up within . 
 father 's face turned red again , and his mouth dropped open . 
 no words came out . 
 he just cleared his throat . 
 `` released ? '' 
 easton asked . 
 he seemed to be completely oblivious of this whole situation . 
 `` yes . 
 i am being held hostage . '' 
 easton came forward and took my hand , and knelt before me on one knee . 
 oh please , i thought . 
 `` marry me , princess layla ! 
 i shall rescue you , from the claws of despair . 
 forget your life before you and come with me . 
 you shall be free to do as you please , as we rule , hand in hand . '' 
 i stared deep into his empty green eyes , and saw nothing but rehearsed speeches and a bunch of play-acting . 
 he had run his words together like he was reading them for the first time . 
 `` i am sorry . 
 but i fear i will not allow myself to do anything unless my rights , my privileges , my freedom , and my life are given back to me . '' 
 `` we will return in a fortnight , so let this be on your mind , '' father gave a few last words before leaving . 
 why could n't i come to them instead ? 
 then again , i was supposed to be making them think i was perfectly happy here as i was . 
 but , i had probably just completely ruined that plan . 
 but i had another one . 
 i watched as they closed the door . 
 lashebah pulled it to , but i stuck my finger in . 
 she pulled tighter . 
 i screamed inside . 
 it would be black and blue later . 
 i was ready for her to re-open the door and scold me for trying such a devious thing , but she left . 
 she left me with an open door . 
 i was completely still for a second , until i realized ? 
 i was free ! 
 the door was open ! 
 but , what to do now ? 
 i thought with my hand firmly clasped around the knob . 
 then i silently slid out of the room . 
 how nice a change of scenery was ! 
 i tiptoed to the stairway , and stopped . 
 i looked to make sure nobody was coming from behind me . 
 when i turned back around , easton was in my face ! 
 `` aaahh ! '' 
 i stumbled back . 
 then i got scared . 
 fury and insanity were on his face . 
 maybe he was n't as stupid as i had originally believed . 
 `` hold on ! '' 
 brye was at the foot of the stairs . 
 `` do n't say a word ! '' 
 oh , thank you brye ! 
 he ran up the stairs silently . 
 suddenly my stomach leaped to my throat . 
 brye put a firm hand on easton 's shoulder . 
 `` now we are all royalty here , so no matter what we do or say , we wo n't be disrespectful . '' 
 he breathed heavily , his gaze shifting from me to easton . 
 two princes and one princess . 
 fascinating . 
 `` but she was supposed to marry me ! '' 
 he whined . 
 `` king duryea promised ! 
 and now , since she is n't supposed to get out , i 'm going to stop her . '' 
 he grabbed my arm , but i jerked away . 
 brye rolled his eyes . 
 `` she does n't have to marry anyone . 
 if layla does n't want to do something , she is n't going to do it . 
 and she does n't want to . '' 
 he looked at me . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 i responded with an insulted look . 
 only an equally idiotic maniac would marry him . 
 `` just making sure ! '' 
 brye almost laughed . 
 `` now , you shut up , or - '' he was cut off by soldiers running up from the rear and pinning my arms behind my back . 
 i let out a wistful sigh . 
 `` well , farewell . 
 i have to go back to the dungeon . '' 
 i lay on my bed , staring at the ceiling . 
 total boredom . 
 complete torture . 
 i could come up with so many ways to describe my life . 
 desertion . 
 desolation . 
 bitter anguish . 
 dismal days . 
 hollow life . 
 my whole life seemed to be a failure . 
 people tried and tried to explain why this was for my own good . 
 but how could being locked up be good for a person ? 
 days dragged as never before . 
 when father came in , i asked him if he could have a young chambermaid , like my age , stay in my room with me at all times . 
 for a birthday present , since i did not even get a ball . 
 `` that is not an option , '' he refused . 
 of course not . 
 not if it would make me happy . 
 as he gallantly strode out of the room , tears grated through my eyelashes . 
 the cruelest thoughts entered my mind . 
 i pushed them out . 
 i had to be strong , no matter what . 
 this was a time of crisis in my life . 
 but would it ever end ? 
 noises from outside awakened me with a start . 
 noises that sounded too harsh for an ordinary day . 
 i heard the whinnies of horses and the clanking of armor . 
 armor ? 
 oblivious , i quickly got up and flew to my window . 
 i set my hands on the window sill and leaned over , looking out . 
 father 's whole army was in a mob by the drawbridge . 
 this early ? 
 what a time for a drill . 
 then i saw sir berthel fall off his horse . 
 a stick was implanted in his chest . 
 but it was n't a stick . 
 it was an arrow . 
 i ran , got my robe , and tugged it on . 
 then i went back to the window . 
 what was going on ? 
 just then brye burst in . 
 his chest was rising and falling quickly from running hurriedly up the stairs . 
 `` layla , '' he said . 
 `` it 's not a drill . 
 we 're under siege . '' 
 i brimmed with questions . 
 who ? 
 who would attack us ? 
 then my hand flew to my throat . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 brye asked . 
 i knew . 
 the soldiers . 
 the ones i had heard on the way to medalia . 
 the ones that i had outrun more than once with a twisted ankle . 
 i explained it quickly to brye . 
 `` it 's aduhlajh , '' i whispered . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 `` nothing i guess . '' 
 we both sighed heavily . 
 there was nothing we could do . 
 at first i was angry at myself for not heeding the soldiers ' jokes and not warning father . 
 but then my mind went elsewhere . 
 `` wade ! '' 
 i cried . 
 `` wade had just joined father 's militia the night of my last ball ! '' 
 i choked on fear . 
 `` oh , no . '' 
 i could see from the window that soldiers were moving out . 
 but i did n't see wade . 
 brye did n't seem too worried . 
 that irritated me to no end . 
 `` you have to help me ! 
 i have to go see him one last time ! 
 he 's my friend , just as you are . 
 a friend . 
 would n't you want to see me one last time if you were in his situation ? '' 
 my last words startled him . 
 `` wade would let me come see you one last time , '' i said , determined . 
 `` oh , all right . '' 
 his hands fell to his sides . 
 `` we 'll go . '' 
 i got a mischievous smile . 
 i was ready for some long anticipated action . 
 `` i 'll be right out ! '' 
 i shooed him so i could get dressed . 
 right before he was about to leave , a manservant knocked on the door . 
 `` what , '' i droned wearily . 
 the man handed me a letter tied with a dark green ribbon . 
 i pulled the ribbon off and unfurled the letter . 
 tears pricked my eyelids . 
 it was from wade . 
 it told me not to worry about him , and that he would come back . 
 it also told me to wear the ribbon in my hair . 
 i sniffled , but i would n't let tears fall . 
 there was no time for that . 
 i hastily shooed brye for the second time and pulled a brown shift over my head . 
 i wished i had had it on my quest , instead of my frivolous gowns . 
 then i tied the dark green ribbon in my hair on the highest braid . 
 i knocked on the door so that brye would open it . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` hold on a second ! '' 
 he chuckled , grabbing my arm . 
 `` that way and you 'll get put back in the dungeon . '' 
 he pointed down the stairs . 
 `` this way and you 'll be free . '' 
 he pulled me towards a stone wall . 
 i looked at him , slightly confused , slightly amused . 
 he wanted us to go through a stone wall ! 
 `` look , '' he said letting go of my arm . 
 he pulled out one of the stones . 
 through the hole flooded sunshine . 
 but through a grating . 
 `` i 'm not that skinny , '' i said . 
 `` no , keep watching . '' 
 he got up in the hole , that lead down inside the wall . 
 i leaned over and looked down inside . 
 it was a slide ! 
 a trap slide ! 
 `` whoa , '' i breathed . 
 brye got back out and helped me in . 
 `` i 'll be along shortly . 
 meet me at the stables . '' 
 he took a kerchief , put it over my head and tied it under my chin . 
 `` so they do n't know who you are . '' 
 he winked at me , then shoved me down into the hole . 
 i bit my tongue so i did n't scream . 
 the tunnel was dark . 
 moldy dampness rubbed all over me . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 i did not desire to see what i was passing through . 
 i jostled up and down . 
 but i was accustomed to fear . 
 i could endure this . 
 but it was n't as if i had a choice . 
 i could n't climb back up . 
 that would be even worse . 
 suddenly , a dot of light appeared . 
 it got bigger and bigger . 
 finally i shot right through it . 
 i landed in a horses ' trough . 
 my nostrils filled with water . 
 i sputtered for breath . 
 i coughed as i got out of the manger . 
 several servants tending the horses stared at me . 
 `` sometimes i just get the urge to get wet , since i do n't get no baths or nothin ' , '' i said . 
 i rung out my skirts and ran through the dirt to the stables . 
 i found brye with our two horses . 
 he had some armor , bits and pieces . 
 `` here ! '' 
 he handed me a breastplate , a dark leather belt and my sword . 
 `` i 'll take the helmet . 
 you would n't want to cover up your pretty face , '' he smiled . 
 i blinked . 
 right . 
 i put on the breastplate and stuck the scabbard on the belt around my waist . 
 when i mounted clupint , i felt like a real-life warrior again . 
 and it felt good . 
 `` yah ! '' 
 we started at a gallop , not even bothering to start slowly . 
 this was war ! 
 `` layla , i need to tell you something . '' 
 i did n't say anything . 
 i kept my eyes in front of me . 
 `` my parents are coming down tomorrow . '' 
 that jolted me . 
 `` do n't they know we are at war ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` and they would n't get a letter in time . '' 
 for a second , i was solemn . 
 then i busted with laughter . 
 `` wo n't they be surprised ? 
 and they only visit every four years ! '' 
 `` let 's hope this is n't their last visit . '' 
 i caught his meaning . 
 they could easily get killed trying to cross the border right now . 
 `` we 'll stop this . 
 i know we will . '' 
 brye smirked . 
 `` i believe you can do anything you set your mind to . '' 
 his face expression did n't seem to share the same beliefs as his voice . 
 i changed the subject from me . 
 `` who 's in command ? '' 
 `` sir perkrite . '' 
 `` what happened to father ? '' 
 `` he 's sitting in his office right now . 
 after the first arrow , he fled . '' 
 that did n't surprise me . 
 `` where is the militia at now ? '' 
 `` just south of bellow hill . '' 
 he leaned over and spat . 
 `` it is n't that far . 
 we should be there soon . '' 
 as soon as i saw a mound of earth rising in the distance , i sped up . 
 `` probably a mile past here - '' brye stopped . 
 i stopped . 
 time stopped . 
 on and over the hill , men and horses were strewn in a horrifyingly bloody and lifeless mess . 
 a lump rose in my throat . 
 i could hear the cries of delirious soldiers , and could see helpless hands rising in the air only to fall again . 
 the darkness of death loomed . 
 i jumped off clupint . 
 frantically i leapt over dead bodies . 
 the most horrifying part was seeing people i knew . 
 when they reached out to me , i shuddered . 
 i could n't find wade . 
 hysterically i turned over blonde haired bodies . 
 one looked exactly like him from the back . 
 i turned him over , and found cold , empty eyes staring back into mine . 
 it was n't wade , but the soldier was dead . 
 i helplessly started crying . 
 then i heard , `` princess ? '' 
 i froze . 
 it was wade . 
 i could n't will my legs to move . 
 i saw him , lying on the ground . 
 an arrow punctured his stomach . 
 blood was pouring out . 
 he was going to die . 
 i forced myself over to him , only to weep up a storm . 
 but it was n't just wade that was making me cry . 
 it was the whole scene , the whole setting : a male graveyard . 
 `` it 's ? 
 it 's ? '' 
 i wiped my face off with my wet sleeve . 
 `` it 's okay , wade . 
 it 's okay ! '' 
 he reached his hand up and fingered the ribbon in my hair . 
 i winced as i watched him struggle . 
 `` you wore it , '' he whispered hoarsely . 
 then he started coughing . 
 i caught his hand in mid air . 
 when he stopped , he looked at me with piercing blue eyes . 
 it made me scared . 
 and what about adda ? 
 what would she do without a big brother ? 
 `` of course i wore it . 
 and ? '' 
 i pulled out the crystal-twine necklace from beneath my shift . 
 `` and i wore this . '' 
 he laughed weakly . 
 `` now you can remember me . '' 
 my lip started trembling . 
 `` i 'll remember you ? 
 because you 'll ? '' 
 he started breathing hard , too hard . 
 he was almost vibrating . 
 `` hold on , '' i cried softly as i squeezed his hand . 
 `` hold on ? '' 
 i held on to his hand , unwilling to let go , as if he would die if i did . 
 i leaned over him , getting his precious blood on my shift . 
 suddenly i heard war cries , whoops and hollers . 
 we were being attacked again . 
 i was in the middle of an active battle field . 
 and i was n't moving . 
 he continued gasping for air . 
 `` you know , you are so ? '' 
 he coughed again . 
 it sucked the last bit of life from him . 
 `` no , just hold on ! '' 
 i breathed , making barely a sound . 
 he smiled , then his hand fell from mine . 
 in slow motion . 
 it hit the ground with a thud . 
 and he was gone . 
 i sat there , tears falling like shards of glass . 
 i did n't know what to do ! 
 then i knew . 
 i stood up . 
 my jaw was set , making me look determined . 
 and i was . 
 i watched the enemy , who were practically on top of us now . 
 i gave a cry back to them , screaming with all my might , my arms straight . 
 i ran back , jumped on clupint and rushed to the retreated soldiers . 
 `` do n't you see all those dead men out there ? 
 they have just valiantly died for their country ! 
 and now all of you are hiding like cowards ! '' 
 i cried . 
 `` follow me ! 
 we will simply use determination to slaughter aduhlajh ! '' 
 everybody 's attention had turned towards me . 
 `` who 's with me ? '' 
 swords were held up in the air , along with war cries . 
 everybody was ready to follow me into battle . 
 me . 
 i nearly laughed with relief , and joy . 
 we all got on our horses and ran off into the field , forming a line across from the aduhlajhen soldiers . 
 words could not have explained my feelings . 
 here i was a sixteen year old princess , leading a battle against the enemy ! 
 we were out-numbered in people , but in spirit , we had already won . 
 with thunderous screams , we charged full-force . 
 the sounds of swords clashing filled my ears . 
 i swung , not exactly sure what to do . 
 i just followed my hands . 
 men fell off horses . 
 arrows buzzed past my head . 
 someone tossed me a rucksack of arrows . 
 i pulled back and let go forcefully . 
 i watched as my arrows spun into the enemy 's necks . 
 when i turned back around , an arrow was spinning towards me . 
 there was no time for me to think . 
 it pierced my right shoulder , and i shrieked in anguish . 
 i broke the arrow off close to my skin , but i did not pull it out , because it would have caused excessive blood flow . 
 i threw down the arrow fragment in disgust . 
 with a horrid temper i hurled many arrows . 
 the smell of dirty bodies and blood inflamed my nose . 
 suddenly i fell off my horse . 
 i looked up , dizzy . 
 i saw horses galloping near me . 
 luckily i was n't stepped on . 
 looking over to my left , i saw an arrow standing out of my shoulder . 
 both shoulders wounded , i was beginning to get weak . 
 would i die ? 
 i was not sure if i cared . 
 when i got home i would go back in the dungeon . 
 or would i ? 
 realizing that this whole experience was bound to change my life -lrb- actually , it already had -rrb- , i jumped . 
 but i fell back down . 
 a little slower i eased myself up . 
 then someone grabbed me by my left arrow . 
 i yelped , then screamed . 
 the pain was so unbearable that it was blurring my vision . 
 i looked up and saw who was dragging me . 
 it was aduhlajh . 
 himself . 
 terrified , i began to panic . 
 then i realized that someone like him would n't expect anything from a soldier like me - a girl like me . 
 i struggled to pull out my sword , swung it and cut off his arm , releasing his grip on my shoulder . 
 before i dropped , i saw the expression on his face : surprise , anger , and pain . 
 lots of pain . 
 suddenly i was pulled up again . 
 this time it was n't the enemy . 
 sir perkrite 's younger brother , conrad , was helping me onto his horse . 
 he sat me backwards and i struggled to shoot arrows at whoever threatened from the rear . 
 i was getting dizzy from loss of blood . 
 everything started going black . 
 then i was gone . 
 chapter 15 when i woke up , lashebah was fussing over my bandages . 
 on both shoulders . 
 then i saw a familiar setting : my old room ! 
 i smiled and fell back onto my pillow . 
 was that a sign that i was free ? 
 really free ? 
 `` yes , layla . '' 
 lashebah read my mind . 
 `` get your hopes as high as you want . 
 everything has changed . '' 
 she smiled , and i could tell she was happy . 
 i got dressed and went downstairs . 
 brye 's parents were here . 
 `` look at you ! '' 
 his mother crushed me in a hug . 
 `` and sporting white ribbons ! '' 
 she thumped my bandages . 
 i winced . 
 i always thought she was odd . 
 i embraced his father less stiffly . 
 he reminded me of brye . 
 after i greeted them , everybody rushed into the dining hall . 
 i had really slept till supper ? 
 brye pulled me out a seat . 
 i stood there , lost in thought . 
 poor wade . 
 poor adda . 
 poor sweenlah . 
 poor jedni . 
 what a year this had been ! 
 `` come on ! '' 
 brye brought me back to reality . 
 i sat down . 
 then without thinking , i stood again . 
 i held my goblet high above my head . 
 `` a toast ! '' 
 everybody else followed . 
 `` to , wade and sweenlah . '' 
 nobody knew who they were , but they drank anyway . 
 `` for whom i am going to build memorial statues ! '' 
 father looked at me puzzled . 
 i nodded at him . 
 `` i need to talk to you after supper . '' 
 brye leaned over and whispered . 
 i nodded once more . 
 there was no dancing after we ate . 
 everyone understood , because i was sore . 
 and brye was dragging me up the stairs . 
 `` hurry up ! '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i am ! '' 
 i puffed . 
 we went in my room . 
 brye shut the door . 
 we both plopped onto my feather-bed . 
 `` now , listen . 
 your father is planning on locking you in again . 
 this time in your own room . '' 
 i shut my eyes and threw my head back . 
 why could n't i see these things coming ? 
 `` so , what 's the plan this time ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` there is no plan . 
 there 's nothing you can do . '' 
 i was confused . 
 brye - brye ! 
 - was telling me we could n't do anything , just to let it go ! 
 usually he would have had a plan , completely worked out ! 
 this was n't like him . 
 he was n't a quitter . 
 `` w-what do you mean ? '' 
 i stuttered . 
 he just shrugged . 
 `` you can get me out ! '' 
 i studied his face . 
 `` ca n't you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 every expression was wiped from his face . 
 he was totally blank . 
 he just looked at me , stared at me . 
 `` but , i 've got an idea . '' 
 that was a relief . 
 i knew i could count on him . 
 `` so ? '' 
 i wanted to hear it . 
 `` your idea ? '' 
 i hinted again . 
 he seemed lost elsewhere . 
 `` well , '' he came back . 
 `` if you married me , you would be , well , free . 
 and we could rule . 
 just think layla ! 
 your own army . 
 no more boundaries . '' 
 he took my hand . 
 i pulled back . 
 his hurried words startled me , took me by surprise . 
 `` no , '' i blurted out . 
 i sounded disgusted , but not on purpose . 
 i was just surprised . 
 the look on his face scared me , pierced me . 
 did i mean no ? 
 that was what i had just said . 
 so yes , i meant it . 
 something felt forever changed . 
 i was perplexed . 
 i had just helped defeat an army that had our country besieged , lost a dear friend , and had a good meal . 
 i thought everything was going to be perfect . 
 why did brye have to ask me that question ? 
 i looked up at him , his face a confused and puzzled mess . 
 i knew he had expected me to agree . 
 but what kind of life would that be , married to my best friend , my only friend still alive . 
 i just hoped that i had n't hurt him so much he would shun me and turn from us and our court . 
 after all , this was n't his country . 
 he could leave and never return if he wanted to ! 
 but somehow i could feel that things had just changed , and that the change would be eternal . 
 the road in our lives had just forked . 
 but i could n't marry him ! 
 could i ? 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 i let my tongue slip . 
 i bit it , wishing with all my soul that i could take back those words . 
 a tear slipped down my cheek . 
 something inside me burned , but i could n't place it where it needed to be . 
 i let my head fall , and retrieved my hands from my lap . 
 i stared at my dress . 
 i had to avoid his eyes . 
 but i looked up , and saw something i had never seen before . 
 brye looked like a burning ball of anger and hurt . 
 his jaw was set firm . 
 a glassy , aching look was spread with a knife of torture across his face . 
 how i wished to butter it over with a kind , forgiving word , but i was speechless . 
 so quickly had it happened , that i was still in shock . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whispered , my voice cracking . 
 brye said nothing , just standing up with a strong , prideful air . 
 but i knew that he was hurt . 
 he nodded at me , and made an effort to speak . 
 `` we should go back downstairs . 
 they will be wondering where we are . '' 
 he sounded like he was talking to a stranger . 
 when we descended from the spiral staircase , the whole court stood waiting at our feet . 
 brye avoided my eyes and headed off into the crowd . 
 was i going to be able to live like this ? 
 i had to beg for mercy , grovel at his feet for forgiveness . 
 my heart urged me forward . 
 i ran through the crowd , weaving in and out of gasping people . 
 finally i caught brye by the arm , and he spun around . 
 my tongue decided to tie itself in a knot , but i forced it to untwine . 
 `` please , '' i struggled not to cry . 
 `` you know me ! '' 
 i begged . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he stared beyond me . 
 `` i knew you . '' 
 and then he was gone . 
 i ran after him , up the smaller stairs and onto the balcony . 
 `` please listen to me ! '' 
 i ran up beside him and placed my hands on the rail alongside his . 
 then a horrifying scream pierced the air . 
 i looked away from brye and his cold stare . 
 then a shriek leapt from my own throat . 
 `` noooo ! '' 
 a man , dressed in a brown cloak was behind father . 
 in my eyes , once again the horrid slow motion took place . 
 father was laughing , eyes glazed with excitement , his glass raised in toast . 
 but before his goblet reached his mouth , a knifed grazed through his neck and knocked the goblet from his hands . 
 but it was n't like he was going to be able to drink to his daughter , not when his head lay on the table in front of his body . 
 anger like no one else had known welled up inside me . 
 i screamed , shrieked and yelled everything i could think of as i leapt from the balcony . 
 i fell , mouth open in shouts of revenge . 
 i was falling , for what seemed like minutes , for life was still in slow motion . 
 pictures of how brye used to grin and hang on every word i said drifted through my mind , as well as pictures of father , shooing me away , and showing me my room . 
 but then i landed . 
 to my surprise , i was still alive . 
 but then i realized i had fallen into a cake . 
 thank you , aola , for making such a huge cake . 
 even if it was pink . 
 i was zapped back into reality as i stood up , and wiped pink frosting off my face . 
 she knew i hated pink . 
 but none of that mattered to me as the murderer zoomed by me , leaving gasping court ladies in his trail . 
 without a thought i raced after him . 
 i knew i was unarmed , and so did he . 
 of course he was n't worried about a silly little princess following him . 
 i knew that swords were kept up high . 
 i began hoping i had grown an inch or two over the last year . 
 he ran out the door . 
 i jumped as i left , managing to grasp one of the swords over the doorway . 
 i hung there , using my body weight to pull the sword down . 
 i ran after him with all my might . 
 i ran , and ran and ran . 
 finally i caught up with him . 
 he had slowed down to mount his horse . 
 i kicked the dust and dirt up around us , and screamed . 
 it spooked his horse , just as i had hoped . 
 the man jumped off the horse and rolled in the dirt . 
 then he realized i was there , and jumped to his feet like a flash of lightning . 
 i noticed he was unusually short . 
 maybe i had an advantage over him . 
 literally over him . 
 he looked up at me , and comprehended that i was a bit larger . 
 i raised my sword above my head as i charged . 
 i was ready for my sweet revenge against my father 's assassinator . 
 the man took off running , so i followed . 
 a shriek of anger still gurgled deep in my throat . 
 he slid in the leaves , and i leapt on top of him and thrusted my sword into the heart of him . 
 i started crying . 
 now i was the murderer . 
 i could n't figure out what hurt worse , father dying , brye shunning me , or what i found under the murderer 's hood . 
 `` sweenlah ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 tears fell from my guilty eyes . 
 `` what ? 
 why , how did you ? '' 
 i could n't find any words for the second time today , as i helplessly brushed my hand over her face . 
 but then i remembered she had killed father . 
 `` why did you do it ? '' 
 i found my voice . 
 `` i was ? 
 jealous . '' 
 her glazed eyes scared me as she stared into my own . 
 `` you are so brave , so beautiful . '' 
 she ran her shaking hands through my hair . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i never thought it would end like this . '' 
 a shaky smile crept across her lips . 
 `` please forgive me , and ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i cried uncontrollably , squeezing her hand in mine . 
 her voice just tittered , then her life tottered . 
 and she was gone . 
 rain started to fall upon our faces , washing her blood away and washing my tears away . 
 but my tears were gone only momentarily . 
 `` why me !? '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` what have i done to deserve this !? '' 
 i shook with anger . 
 i was angry at everyone : father , brye , sweenlah , myself , and even god . 
 the water falling from the sky should have been soothing , but instead it boiled on my skin . 
 i felt like killing myself . 
 suddenly brye appeared . 
 `` you ! '' 
 i pointed at him . 
 he was to blame for one-third of my misery . 
 i charged after him . 
 i chased him to the old terrace that had half-crumbled away . 
 the walls were mere rubble that exposed the three-hundred-foot-high cliff we were standing on . 
 i drew my sword and started fencing with him in a split second . 
 rage pushed with each of my vigorous blows . 
 although i was good , i knew that brye was better . 
 my theory was proved as i was knocked down , head hanging off the edge of the crumbling wall . 
 i heard stones trickle through the air . 
 i tried to remember why i was fighting him , but my cloudy mind was frantic . 
 brye pointed the sword at my neck , and i held my breath . 
 but then he started laughing , his old smile returning to his face . 
 `` you look good in pink , '' he said . 
 i could n't help but grin . 
 the rain had washed a lot of the frosting away , but my face was still coated . 
 i gazed at his once-again-familiar face . 
 my mind at ease , i came to my senses . 
 i knew i had n't gone insane . 
 and ? 
 i knew i loved him . 
 i did , i knew i did . 
 maybe i just did n't want to see it before , so it had taken a frenzied skirmish to make me realize it . 
 i bit my lip , trying to think of someway to accept his proposal . 
 `` you know , '' i said , pushing his sword out of my face . 
 `` they are going to need somebody to rule . 
 a king and a queen . '' 
 brye threw his sword behind him and started to grin . 
 quickly he helped me up , and drew me close . 
 it was then that i understood what had caused his stoniness earlier . 
 our noses touched , getting stubborn frosting on brye 's face . 
 i thought that something like this , between two good friends would seem awkward , but it was n't . 
 a sense of passion entered my world , like a pink cloud . 
 then we kissed . 
 i melted into him as the rain washed over us . 
 it washed over us as it had been sent from heaven to bring us back to our senses . 
 and to rinse the frosting from our faces . 
 as we walked back to the castle , hand in hand , i could sense the beginning of something new . 
 the sun was shining through the rain . 
 my whole world seemed brightened ? 
 except for one very dark thing that left a dent in it . 
 `` brye , is there any way to lift the curse on the forest of despondency ? '' 
