 sweetness in the dark w.b. martin a puhaka books selection puhakabooks.com also by w. b. martin the jack wesley series trouble leaves too slow shoving back the shadows only pretty lies chasing the blackbird shaking off futility pleasure smiles alternative history german golfers who changed the world science fiction endangered species sports fantasy cubo zoan the sophia allen series vincent van gogh likes cats an apocalyptic love story smashwords edition copyright © 2013 by w. b. martin all rights reserved . 
 notice this is a work of fiction and as such all people , businesses and events depicted in this novel are either fictitious or are used fictitiously . 
 any similarities to real people or places are strictly coincidental . 
 published by puhaka publishing edited by j. crownover and t. johns cover layout by morwenna rakestraw version 1.2 first edition december 2013 to my brother bob a ` prepper ' long before they existed `` a financial system that could n't absorb the collapse of the moscow stock market - a backwater den where thieves gathered to fence their stolen property - or liquidation of a modest-sized betting pool like ltcm -lrb- long term capital management -rrb- , in fact , was implicitly to dangerous to exist . '' 
 the great deformation - corruption of capitalism in america david a. stockman chapter 1 boise , idaho -lrb- december -rrb- the boise river flowed down out of the front range that overlooked the valley . 
 les bois had been the name the french fur trappers had given to the area due to all the green trees . 
 after traversing the desert of southern idaho along the snake river , the boise valley appeared as an oasis to the early settlers . 
 dr. paul kendall stood at his corner office window and watched the river flow by . 
 from his third-story vantage point , he could observe the river make its way through the center of the city . 
 in summer , it would be covered with boaters and inner-tubers relaxing in the hot summer sun . 
 but now the snow-covered mountains to the east announced the end of fall term at boise state university . 
 students were busy completing their work so they could leave for the christmas holiday . 
 as director of the idaho school of economics , he had the choice corner office in the building that held the ise , as it was called . 
 modeled after the london school of economics , paul had overseen the development of the ise from the beginning . 
 the new six story building had been completed in the summer and now the first semester occupying the building was complete . 
 as an adjunct to boise state university , the ise was affiliated with the main campus . 
 students could take classes from the four professors on the ise staff while pursuing a degree program with bsu . 
 the ise was a private entity but the two institutions were complementary , like other universities around the country . 
 most major universities had private ` think tanks ' associated with them . 
 stanford university had the hoover institution while auburn university had the von mises institute . 
 like those , the ise focused on economics , political science and history . 
 the ise had been founded by an anonymous philanthropist six years ago . 
 its mission was to study the causes of america 's decline and propose corrections that the united states could make to sustain the american experiment into the 21st century . 
 paul had been the first and only director of the ise . 
 his vision and leadership over the past six years had put the ise on the nation 's map of centers of creative thought on political and economic issues . 
 he was thirty-six when named director of the new ise . 
 his selection had been controversial at that time , but the whole idea of the ise had been unreal . 
 a mega-million jackpot winner turned the winning ticket over to a non-profit company , which led to the establishment of the ise . 
 the anonymous benefactor had only a single request : develop a center of learning that discussed america 's failings in order to design a future government worthy of america 's greatness . 
 paul watched the water flow by as he reflected on the school 's accomplishments to date . 
 the original temporary facility had been replaced by the new building . 
 four top-notch professors had been hired and students were seeking enrollment at the ise . 
 yes , things were right on schedule , paul thought . 
 he was interrupted in his thoughts by his intercom . 
 his secretary announced , `` dr. kendall , your ten o’clock appointment is here . '' 
 paul turned from his view of the campus and hit the intercom button . 
 `` please show them in . '' 
 the door opened and the first student on the schedule walked in and sat where paul indicated . 
 this had become his tradition since the start of ise . 
 he would provide an exit interview to each student after each semester 's class that he taught . 
 as a small institution of only five professors , everyone carried a teaching schedule . 
 even if the ise had been substantially bigger , he would have continued to teach . 
 he lived for the chance to educate young minds . 
 paul was even more thrilled when a special student came along that pushed his abilities . 
 seeing someone from the next generation who grasped the importance of the topics that were being discussed and then challenged his views was especially rewarding . 
 it gave him hope for the future of the country . 
 the way the federal government was headed , he needed all the hope he could get . 
 as a trained economist in the austrian school , he was amazed when the liberal economists provided rationalizations for an out-of-control washington , dc . 
 sitting before him now was one of those rare students . 
 amanda savage was completing her graduate degree in political science at boise state . 
 she had taken classes at ise in both undergraduate and graduate school . 
 `` ms. savage , a pleasure to see you again . 
 where are you on finishing up your degree ? '' 
 `` this is my last semester , dr. kendall . 
 i 've already defended my thesis with the committee and am awaiting their decision , '' amanda answered . 
 at twenty-seven , she was a little older than most of her fellow graduate students . 
 paul knew from her file in front of him that she had gone to work for the mayor of the city of meridian after receiving her bachelor of science degree . 
 `` still working for the meridian mayor ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` yes , he let me adjust my schedule to take classes . 
 i suppose he 'll be happy to have me on a fixed schedule now that i 'm finished . '' 
 suddenly paul heard a commotion in the outer office . 
 his office door was thrown open . 
 he heard his protesting secretary say , `` dr. kendall is in a meeting . 
 you ca n't go in . '' 
 `` just move out of my way , '' the woman demanded . 
 she shoved past the secretary and entered paul 's office . 
 paul stood up immediately at the intrusion . 
 `` i need to see you now , '' the woman said . 
 amanda sat wide-eyed as the woman walked up to the side of the desk and placed her hands on her hips . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she said as she looked at amanda . 
 then turning to paul she added , `` can you please tell this delightful young thing that you need a moment ? '' 
 `` susan , are you crazy ? 
 you ca n't just barge in here like this . '' 
 the anger showed as paul addressed his ex-wife . 
 the divorce had been settled two years ago after he and susan had been married sixteen difficult years . 
 her constant wish for a more lavish lifestyle had finally led her to find a better meal ticket . 
 `` honey , please excuse the professor and me . 
 we have unfinished family business , '' susan said to amanda . 
 the sneer was evident . 
 `` ms. savage , my apologies for the rudeness being shown . 
 if you could wait in the outer office while i talk to my ex-wife . 
 it should n't be long . '' 
 amanda stood up and paul noticed the foul look she gave his ex-wife . 
 she left the office and the secretary closed the door behind them . 
 `` now , what is so important that you disrupt me at my workplace ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` she 's cute . 
 brunettes with brown eyes were always your favorite . '' 
 his ex-wife said . 
 `` a little taller than me and definitely bustier . 
 i always knew you liked them bigger but were too cheap to pay for me to improve myself . '' 
 `` like mr. wonderful provided ? '' 
 paul threw back . 
 `` well , i always knew that being around all these young coeds would lead to our marriage 's demise . 
 if that one is any indication , you have nice choices . '' 
 `` first , you led to our marriage imploding . 
 and second , you know my policy . 
 no professors at ise may date students , period . '' 
 `` sure , sure . 
 always the white knight being gallant . '' 
 `` is there a particular reason you 're here today ? 
 or is it just to remind me what i 've been missing ? '' 
 susan turned from sarcasm to venom in an instant . 
 `` why i 'm here is your missing alimony checks . 
 i have n't been paid for three months now . '' 
 paul let out an exasperated breath . 
 they had been over this in court three months back . 
 susan had moved in with her new significant other and had given up her own apartment . 
 paul 's lawyer had gone to court to make the case that alimony was no longer appropriate since susan lived in a relationship . 
 while marriage typically ended alimony between divorced couples , a person living with another had raised the whole reverse ` palimony ' subject . 
 the idaho court had ruled that paul was not obligated to pay his ex-wife while the court investigated susan 's living arrangements . 
 `` if you recall , the court will determine your living situation and whether it has taken on aspects of a marriage , '' paul said . 
 `` we 're not married and if i have to i 'll move back into my apartment . '' 
 `` and miss those wonderful sunsets over the little people from your perch above the city ? '' 
 paul referred to her boyfriend 's mansion on the hills to the east of boise . 
 paul had been there to pick up his two children and susan had made a point of giving him the royal tour . 
 `` you 're not going to get out of paying me . 
 it 'll be over my dead body before i let you skate on this one , '' she hissed . 
 `` just keep my money safe . 
 you 'll be paying it all back to me soon . 
 with that , she whirled and left the room . 
 paul collapsed in his chair . 
 he knew there would never be peace between them . 
 with his two children living with him , she now had all she had ever wanted . 
 but she had to continue to stick it to me , he thought . 
 paul closed his eyes and tried to make the bad thoughts go away . 
 he had students that needed him today and they deserved his full attention . 
 he hit the intercom button and announced that he was ready . 
 the door opened and a tall skinny male student in wire-rimmed glasses walked in . 
 paul stood up perplexed , offered his hand and instructed the student to sit down . 
 over the next two hours , dr. kendall administered to his students . 
 every thirty minutes a new face would sit down in front of him for their class exit interview . 
 finally the noon hour arrived . 
 he knew his appointments were done for the day . 
 he thanked the last student and walked her out to the outer office . 
 he started to tell his secretary that he was heading to lunch when he realized that one student remained . 
 `` ms. savage . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i got so wrapped up with all the other students i forgot about you . '' 
 he looked at his secretary sternly . 
 it had been her job to remind him of the interrupted interview . 
 he made a mental note to have a word with her in private . 
 `` that 's ok , dr. kendall . 
 i 've been rereading william mcneil 's book , plagues and people . '' 
 `` one of the most important books around . 
 great choice . 
 you used it in your final paper well . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` since we missed your exit interview this morning and it 's the noon hour , perhaps you 'll let me buy you lunch . 
 it 's the least i can do to make up for my ex-wife 's rudeness toward you , '' paul said . 
 `` we can discuss your final class paper then . 
 that is if you have no previous plans . '' 
 `` i accept . 
 lunch would be wonderful , but then i need to get back to work in meridian . '' 
 `` then a quick lunch it is . '' 
 paul opened the outer door for his student and followed her to the elevator . 
 the ise building had a first floor of commercial shops . 
 one of them was a popular student hangout that daily served inexpensive soups and salads for lunch . 
 along with stews and chili , the low-cost menu kept the place busy with students looking for healthy , inexpensive meals . 
 paul felt lucky to get a small table for two . 
 owning the building certainly helped , as the restaurant owner spotted his landlord waiting for a spot . 
 `` dr. kendall , so good to have you here today , '' the proprietor said . 
 `` and with a guest , too . '' 
 paul was a frequent customer , but typically ate alone . 
 he was always busy grabbing a quick meal in between classes and meetings . 
 with an apartment on the top floor of the ise building , he often ordered meals for himself and his children when duties prevented him from cooking . 
 paul was quite familiar with the menu options . 
 the building had been designed to be almost self-contained . 
 the first floor had retail shops . 
 the second through fourth floor held the classrooms and offices for the ise . 
 the fifth floor held quad housing with common kitchen facilities for scholarship students who were focusing on ise class work . 
 the sixth , or top floor , consisted of four apartments for staff of the school . 
 paul and his children lived in one of the four . 
 three of his professors lived in the others . 
 as paul and amanda sat down , paul said , `` ms. savage , this hardly seems sufficient to make up for the way you were treated this morning . '' 
 `` well then , if i might suggest , dr. kendall , perhaps you could join me for a little get-together i 'm having at my place in celebration of finishing my thesis . 
 at least if i get good news from my committee . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you have nothing to worry about . 
 your work in my class is exemplary and i 'm sure your thesis shows the same excellent work , '' paul said . 
 `` so you 'll join me then ? '' 
 `` i would love to , but i have a policy of not involving myself with my students personally . 
 in fact , it 's an ise policy . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 amanda looked down at her food , the disappointment visible . 
 she suddenly smiled and raised her head . 
 looking straight at paul she added . 
 `` well , then you can attend . 
 as of today , i 'm no longer a student . 
 i 've completed my studies , i 'm just waiting for the committee 's answer and then i 'll collect my graduate degree . '' 
 paul sat and looked at the young woman across from him . 
 she seemed genuinely excited about his presence at her celebration . 
 and she was technically right about no longer being a student . 
 it had been a long time since he had been with a woman . 
 friends had tried to set him up after his divorce but each time things had not seemed right . 
 along with the attention he gave his children after their mother walked out on them , paul had been too busy to think about getting involved with anyone . 
 not that amanda sought any such thing . 
 she was just inviting me to a party with others , paul thought . 
 a harmless celebration of her accomplishment . 
 what could it hurt ? 
 `` i suppose you 're right . 
 you are giving up your student status , but i 'll attend on one condition . 
 you need to call me paul . '' 
 `` ok then , you need to call me amanda . '' 
 with the tension removed between teacher and student , the two adults spent the rest of the meal discussing mcneill 's analysis of human history and the affects that disease had on it . 
 the time sped by as other students came and went . 
 soon it was late afternoon and the restaurant was practically empty . 
 the mood was broken when the waitress asked if the two needed anything . 
 `` oh my word , look at the time , '' amanda exclaimed . 
 paul looked at his watch . 
 it was close to four o’clock . 
 they had been so transfixed discussing historical facts that the time had flown . 
 `` well , there 's no point heading to meridian now . 
 you 'd arrive about closing time . 
 i can write you an excuse if you need . '' 
 he stopped . 
 he sounded like a fifth grade teacher , talking to a tardy child . 
 sitting across from him was a very adult , beautiful woman that was a bit red-faced at her oversight . 
 she took the offer with a smile . 
 `` thanks , paul , for that offer . 
 i can handle the mayor myself . '' 
 she smiled at him . 
 `` i was only offering to ... '' she brought her hand up and placed a finger on his lips . 
 paul felt a jolt of electricity hit him like none had in a long time . 
 amanda let her finger linger longer than was necessary . 
 her eyes showed she felt the same connection between the two of them . 
 `` well , since we 've been bad in returning to our work this afternoon and it 's friday , i propose that we continue what we 've been doing . 
 i 've wanted to discuss with someone laurie garrett 's work . 
 are you familiar with it ? '' 
 amanda said . 
 `` betrayal of trust or the coming plague . 
 both are excellent works . 
 they fit in with mcneill 's work . '' 
 `` good . 
 do you know how hard it is to find someone that i can have a decent conversation with over this stuff ? '' 
 the two fell into a deep discussion until the evening waitress showed up . 
 her presence reminded the two that the restaurant was gearing up for friday night . 
 `` perhaps we need to let them have their table back ? '' 
 paul said . 
 `` is there somewhere else we can go to continue our talk ? '' 
 amanda inquired . 
 as they stepped into the main foyer of the building through the restaurant side door , he looked at the elevator doors nearby . 
 would it be moving things too fast ? 
 he thought . 
 his two children were with their mom for the weekend . 
 just because he and amanda were hitting things off intellectually did n't mean that anything more might transpire . 
 there is at least fifteen years difference between us , he thought . 
 certainly there was just a common interest in academics between them . 
 her offer to continue their discussion warranted an answer . 
 but where ? 
 do i dare offer ? 
 he thought . 
 `` if you do n't think me impertinent , i have an apartment upstairs where we could sit and talk , '' paul offered . 
 chapter 2 pine mountain observatory , near bend , oregon -lrb- july -rrb- thunderstorms started building in the afternoon over pine mountain observatory . 
 located at 6500 ' , the observatory towered over the surrounding high desert country of central oregon . 
 twenty-six miles southeast of bend , the observatory was the research facility of the university of oregon physics department . 
 the largest operating telescope this day was pointed toward the sun as one of the professors and his students worked on their research . 
 but their work would have to wait as the large doors began to shut to protect the delicate 32 '' telescope from possible hail damage . 
 thunderstorms were a frequent visitor to the observatory during the summer months and this july was turning out to be one of the most active yet . 
 already the observatory had been evacuated twice from wild fires started on the mountain by lightning strikes . 
 both had been suppressed by the u.s. forest service , but the dry undergrowth was still waiting for another storm to set things ablaze . 
 `` dr. ewing , we can finish up here , '' one of the students offered . 
 `` your wife called hours ago and i know you 've been anxious to call her back . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i almost forgot , '' dr. john ewing replied . 
 sometimes he needed a pad of paper hung around his neck to remind him of things . 
 when he worked on the telescope , time just flew by . 
 just put me down as the ` absent-minded professor ' , he thought . 
 he had enjoyed that old movie immensely when his kids were small . 
 fred mcmurray played the part well , he thought . 
 the new version with robin williams was definitely inferior . 
 modern hollywood just did n't do the job like they did in the old days . 
 `` i think we got some good pictures before the storm blew in , '' the graduate intern added . 
 john focused back on the telescope , with the young people standing and waiting for instructions . 
 `` go ahead and work those pictures up for transmission to soho . 
 they 'll want to see them right away . 
 just mind the lightning . 
 power down if it really lights up around us , '' john said . 
 soho stood for the solar and heliosphere observatory . 
 soho collected data from around the country for analysis . 
 the pine mountain observatory had numerous lightning rods on its buildings and the electrical system was fully protected from any strikes . 
 but the equipment was sensitive and he did n't want to risk a power surge taking out any of the expensive equipment . 
 the university was frugal with its budget and if something went down , it might be a long time before a replacement could be purchased . 
 `` are you expecting a repeat of last month , dr. ewing ? '' 
 one student asked . 
 `` we are in a solar max period . 
 last month 's cme was in line with the size that had been predicted , '' john answered . 
 cme stood for coronal mass ejections , the scientific term for a solar flare . 
 john noticed a certain concern in her voice . 
 for her benefit . 
 he added , `` we 'll have plenty of warning from the space weather prediction center on any x-class ejections . '' 
 a solar max was a period of maximum activity on the sun compared with a solar minimum . 
 each period lasted about eleven years and this solar max was in its tenth year . 
 the sun went through phases of solar flares and last month 's flare had led to some electrical outages in argentina . 
 things had definitely been heating up on the sun over the last month and he wanted to continue watching from the observatory . 
 the sun had recently thrown out two high x-class ejections but luckily they had been aimed out into space and not at earth . 
 we dodged it that time , john thought . 
 john headed to his office to call his wife , mary , back in eugene . 
 he had n't been home for almost three weeks now due to all the solar activity . 
 `` mary , sorry to be so slow getting back to you . 
 things have been hectic here , '' john said . 
 he knew mary had resigned herself long ago to having an absent husband . 
 `` john , isaac has his final baseball game this weekend for the american legion . 
 he 's heading off to college soon , if you remember . 
 you may not get another chance to see him play . 
 do you think you could make it over ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 she knew how to make her point . 
 the college remark hurt , but she was right . 
 he 'd been away too much and had missed his three children growing up . 
 every summer he headed to pine mountain and every school year he was busy with classes . 
 `` i 'll get away . 
 tell isaac i 'll be over friday evening . 
 maybe we can go out for breakfast saturday morning before his game , '' john said . 
 `` they have a team breakfast before every tournament . 
 you 'd know that if you 'd been around here more often , '' mary said . 
 her exasperation was evident . 
 `` sorry . 
 i 'll be home for the whole weekend . 
 see you soon , '' john said . 
 there was n't much else to say and he hung up quickly as a large clap of thunder rocked the observatory . 
 no need getting electrocuted holding on to a phone , he thought . 
 and it offered an opportunity to avoid any more stings from his wife . 
 he loved his wife , but he loved his work , too . 
 he knew that his children had suffered because of his work , but at least their mother had been able to stay home and be there for them . 
 john suddenly realized he was famished . 
 the observatory had living quarters for those who studied and worked there . 
 the kitchen was well stocked and once a week someone would drive into bend with the shopping list . 
 john grabbed some yogurt and noticed some new nectarines on the counter . 
 my favorite : yogurt , nectarine and some granola , he thought . 
 john ate while he read his professional journal . 
 the kitchen grew quiet as the thunderstorm moved off to the east . 
 that one had n't been bad , john thought . 
 the building had shook a couple times from lightning strikes close by . 
 we 'll have to wait to see if the weather service calls about nearby strikes and any fires , he thought . 
 as the senior staff member , he was responsible for everyone 's safety at pine mountain . 
 when he headed to eugene in a couple of days , he 'd make sure the graduate intern was ready to take over . 
 `` dr. ewing , there 's a phone call from boulder . '' 
 john looked up as the student broke the stillness . 
 `` thank you , '' john said . 
 now , what did boulder want ? 
 he thought . 
 the space weather prediction center was located in boulder and it was almost certainly them calling . 
 john hurried to his office and punched the extension on his phone . 
 `` john ewing here . '' 
 `` doc , max here . '' 
 john envisioned max when he heard his voice . 
 max had been one of john 's doctoral students a couple of years back and they had stayed in touch . 
 max had landed a job at swpc and had been excited about moving to colorado . 
 `` max , good to hear from you . 
 how 's the mountain biking ? '' 
 john asked . 
 max had always been an ardent biker and always mentioned how he liked the sunny weather of boulder . 
 `` you miss the rain of eugene yet ? '' 
 `` doc , our satellites just reported sunspot ar1654 flared again . 
 noaa is acknowledging it as ` bgd ' . 
 it looks seriously big , '' max said . 
 john could tell max tried to keep his emotions in check as he talked . 
 he was n't succeeding very well . 
 the national oceanic and atmospheric administration , noaa , ran the space weather prediction center . 
 if they were labeling the latest sun activity as a bgd , that was n't good . 
 a beta-gamma-delta , or bgd , was the most complex solar magnetic configuration that existed . 
 it meant that the positive and negative polarity fields were in a strong gradient . 
 `` how large is it ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` 1100 sm and growing . 
 nasa 's solar dynamics observatory picked up the re-flare and measured it at m2 .6 , '' max answered . 
 m2 .6 was high for a re-flare , john thought . 
 the solar dynamics observatory , sdo , was a satellite positioned between the earth and the sun which provided a limited warning system . 
 `` so we can expect further activity from this spot soon ? '' 
 `` i 'll call if we get any further reports , '' max said . 
 `` thanks , max . 
 i appreciate the heads up . '' 
 he knew max must be busy and had taken valuable time to call with the information . 
 it would soon be on the swpc 's website , but john had learned long ago that noaa was slow on evaluating sdo reports . 
 better to have an inside source , he thought . 
 john did n't have long to wait for his inside source to call again . 
 he answered max 's call with trepidation . 
 he would n't have called back so soon if it was n't important , john thought . 
 `` max , it must be something big to call back so soon , '' john said . 
 `` doc , i would n't have called so soon , but this is big . '' 
 john definitely heard the panic in max 's voice . 
 `` how big ? '' 
 john carefully asked . 
 `` the mother of all solar flares big . 
 remember how we used to discuss the possibility of a z-class flare . 
 this one may be it . 
 and it 's aimed right at us . '' 
 john closed his eyes . 
 on the scientific scale for solar activity , x size storms had been the highest that had ever been detected . 
 to move up into the z category would mean disaster . 
 `` how much time ? '' 
 `` two hours , three tops . 
 it 's coming fast and furious , '' max said . 
 chapter 3 middle fork of the salmon river , idaho -lrb- the same day -rrb- `` paul , we need to pull in and let the kids catch up , '' amanda said . 
 paul kendall turned on the cooler he sat on and noticed that his two children had drifted too far upstream for safety . 
 he pulled on his oars and the cataraft responded quickly . 
 heading toward a nice eddy in the river , he slid into a quiet spot behind a rock . 
 the raft would sit with little attention until matt and meredith caught up . 
 `` we need to group up , '' paul yelled at the other two rafts in his party . 
 this was their second day on the middle fork and at this rate they would be two weeks getting to the take-out . 
 the other two rafts pulled into an eddy downstream and turned to see how much time they 'd be waiting . 
 the day wound down and they had a few more miles to go before reaching their campground by indian creek . 
 the forest service that managed this stretch of the salmon river assigned camp spots and raft parties were responsible to be at their assigned place each evening . 
 paul waited patiently . 
 he did n't mind the time sitting in the sun watching amanda sunbathe . 
 amanda was the breath of fresh air that had swept into his life over the last seven months . 
 since his inviting her up to his apartment to discuss historical disease outbreaks , things had happened fast . 
 when he realized the first night that their talk had carried them into the early morning , paul insisted that amanda not drive home . 
 he had fixed up his daughter 's bed for her and retired to his own room . 
 paul had attended amanda 's graduation party the next weekend after she received good news from her master 's thesis committee . 
 that had solidified a lot of what both of them had been feeling . 
 their relationship took off from there . 
 a physical relationship followed whenever paul 's children visited their mother . 
 strong feelings for each other soon followed , at least in paul 's estimation . 
 but his ex-wife was a constant reminder of the ugliness of their divorce . 
 the continued battles between them seemed to affect the children and he hoped this float trip would clear his soul of the wrath he often felt towards his ex . 
 looking at amanda helped clear out something . 
 his feelings for her continued to grow and amanda seemed excited about the float trip as her first chance to meet the family . 
 paul had kept the two separate until he had a better feeling where things might lead . 
 amanda had made the right moves and things seemed serious . 
 he knew he was taking a chance on having her meet his children , but paul knew it had to happen sometime . 
 `` do you do this often ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 `` do what often ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` you know , float the river ? '' 
 `` oh yeah . 
 we get up here to the middle fork every year . 
 we make it onto the snake river through hell 's canyon once in a while and we 've been lucky to float the selway almost every year . 
 i 've been floating idaho rivers each summer for the last twenty-five years , '' paul said . 
 and then he regretted it . 
 he had paddles older than amanda . 
 do n't say stuff about your age , you idiot , paul thought . 
 at forty-two , the fifteen year age difference between him and amanda bothered paul . 
 he knew younger women often went for older men because of the money , but he certainly did n't have that kind of wealth . 
 so he dwelled on why a younger woman would be interested in him . 
 he was distracted from that thought when amanda stood up and took off her life jacket . 
 `` if we 're going to be sitting here for a while , i want to get sun all over . '' 
 amanda said . 
 she proceeded to get down to her very small bikini . 
 paul stared as she laid down on the aluminum storage box strapped to the raft frame that acted as her seat . 
 `` could you put some sunscreen on my back ? '' 
 paul reached for the mesh bag beside him that carried their sunscreen . 
 like everything else , it was lashed to the raft in case they overturned . 
 he untied the bag , took out the bottle and squirted the contents onto amanda 's back . 
 `` oh , it 's cold . '' 
 paul placed his hand on her warm back and started spreading the lotion around . 
 she relaxed from the initial shock , although at ninety degrees outside , how the sunscreen could feel cool was beyond him . 
 `` could you get the back of my legs , too ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 paul finished her back and started on her legs . 
 long and athletic , they were already well tanned . 
 she spread her legs as paul worked the sunscreen up her thighs . 
 `` hi , dad , keeping busy i see , '' matt said as he pulled his kayak into the eddy . 
 he slid into a spot beside the raft and grabbed the side of the tube . 
 `` matt , '' paul stammered . 
 amanda stayed motionless as she relaxed in the sun . 
 `` we need to pick up the pace . 
 we 're running out of sunlight in the canyon . 
 the temperature will drop a bit when the sun goes behind the hill . '' 
 `` ok . 
 meredith and i have been surfing some great waves . 
 we 'll pick it up . '' 
 matt pushed off the raft , dug his paddle into the water and accelerated upstream to hit the eddy line . 
 he leaned on his paddle and swung out into the current just in time to pick up his sister coming downstream . 
 `` come on meredith , that eddy is kind of busy . '' 
 paul noticed matt 's smile as he led meredith down the river . 
 paul hated this whole dating routine around his kids . 
 he had avoided putting the two together until now . 
 he started to regret his decision inviting amanda along . 
 but then amanda picked herself up off her perch , stood up on the floor between the two cataract tubes and faced paul . 
 she slowly bent over and kissed him on the mouth . 
 paul forgot all about the kids as he returned the kiss . 
 `` almost got caught there , did n't you ? 
 we could hang back and let everyone else get ahead , you never know what might happen out here in the wilderness , '' amanda said . 
 the invitation was very explicit in her voice . 
 her eyes radiated softness and desire at paul . 
 `` i understand the offer , but can you save that thought ? 
 we are running behind . 
 maybe tomorrow we can be the laggards , '' he said , ruining the mood . 
 amanda smiled as she put on her life jacket . 
 she made a deliberate move to struggle with the zipper as she reached her out thrusted breasts . 
 slowly , she pulled the zipper up and over them , hiding them from paul 's view . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're missing , '' amanda said . 
 `` hey , i know what i 'm missing . 
 we 'll have private time tonight . '' 
 he pulled on the oars and got the raft out into the current . 
 they quickly caught up with the others . 
 * * * around the campfire that night , paul tried to focus on the entire party and not just amanda . 
 she was nestled beside him with her north face polar fleece on to shield her from the cool up canyon breeze . 
 paul was still in his river shorts but had thrown on an ise sweatshirt for warmth . 
 as the night went on , the others drifted off to their tents to sleep . 
 soon it was only paul and his son matt stoking the dying campfire . 
 amanda had announced she was cold and had headed to the tent an hour ago . 
 `` dad , you do n't need to hang here with me . 
 i think someone 's waiting for you , '' matt said . 
 paul was taken aback by the bluntness of his sixteen-year old son . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 i 've missed you while your mother and i were divorcing . 
 that took a lot of time and energy away from you and your sister . '' 
 `` look , dad . 
 you put up with mom for too long on account of us . 
 i know what she put you through . 
 you deserve some quality time with someone special . 
 amanda seems to really like you . 
 go for it , '' matt said . 
 as he said it , a coyote howled somewhere on the ridge above their camp . 
 then a second and a third answered the call . 
 paul and matt both looked up at the sound . 
 as they were listening to the nightly chorus , a bright light streaked across the sky . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 matt asked . 
 before paul could even answer , another bigger and bolder green light splashed into view . 
 the coyotes went crazy . 
 the howling increased as the light grew brighter . 
 soon the whole heavens were alive with dancing green and yellow light . 
 paul called everyone to come out and witness the spectacle . 
 slowly , the rest of the raft party crawled out of their tents to see the light show . 
 amanda rubbed her eyes as she sat down on the sand next to paul . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she asked `` aurora borealis , the northern lights , like you 've never seen them , '' he answered . 
 `` i thought they were up in alaska . 
 what are they doing down here in idaho ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but they sure are spectacular . 
 too bad we 're in this canyon and can only see about a third of the sky . 
 i 'm sure if we were up on top of the ridge , they would be stunning . '' 
 they sat transfixed by the light show . 
 finally , as the night became late , they all began to drag themselves back to their tents . 
 there was another 20 miles of river to run tomorrow , and everyone needed to be rested . 
 as paul started to get up , amanda held him in place . 
 matt headed off and soon the two were alone . 
 paul turned to amanda to ask why she had held him . 
 the answer came quickly . 
 she took his hand and with a blanket under her arm , led him down the long sandy beach to the secluded far end . 
 away from everyone else , she placed the blanket on the sand and turned to kiss him . 
 `` with all this noise and lights , i sure could n't sleep . 
 i think we need to enjoy the night , '' amanda said . 
 `` and i sure do n't want to go to alaska to try . 
 too cold . '' 
 * * * the morning found him and amanda fast asleep wrapped in the blanket . 
 luckily , the sun hit their end of the beach first and the heat woke paul with a start . 
 he sat up realizing where they were . 
 he quickly woke amanda who complained at the interruption . 
 she also suddenly realized where they were . 
 they quickly slid into the river to wash up and raced back up the beach . 
 dressing quickly , they noticed no one else was up yet . 
 as paul got the propane stove lit and got water on for coffee , amanda stood sheepishly beside him as they both smiled at each other . 
 as the others rolled out of their tents , paul and amanda put breakfast on . 
 the smell got the laggards up and going . 
 while paul began serving up the food , he noticed that matt had n't risen yet . 
 he walked over to his son 's rain fly and saw that his sleeping bag was empty . 
 he started to look around when he noticed a figure climbing over the rocks on the end of the beach he and amanda had slept on . 
 he recognized his son and the fishing pole he carried . 
 in his other hand were fresh trout matt had caught . 
 as he walked up the beach , matt waved at his dad . 
 `` can i throw these on for breakfast ? '' 
 matt asked . 
 he pointed at three nice fish on his line . 
 `` sure . 
 i 've doled up breakfast for everyone . 
 i 'll get the oil out of the box , '' paul answered . 
 matt took the cast iron skillet and poured in oil . 
 turning up the heat , he rolled the fish in some flour and dropped them in the pan . 
 the fish sizzled as the smell wafted over the camp . 
 `` so , matt , out early ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` early bird catches the worm , '' matt replied . 
 his son looked at him with a satisfied look . 
 `` it was good fishing out there , dad . 
 i missed you but i did n't want to wake you . '' 
 he smiled at his dad . 
 paul turned red at the knowledge that his son had walked by as he slept on the beach with amanda . 
 amanda looked at paul . 
 `` paul , we need to get you lathered up with sunscreen today . 
 you got too much sun yesterday . '' 
 he turned even redder as everyone turned to look at his red face . 
 `` ok , let 's get things packed up . 
 another day on the river . 
 today we hit middle fork lodge . 
 a chance for cold beer for anyone so inclined , '' paul said as he cleaned up from breakfast . 
 the rafts were soon packed and out in the current . 
 as paul pulled on the oars , he realized that his arms felt like lead . 
 the lack of sleep suddenly hit him as he tried to maneuver for the small riffle they had to negotiate . 
 another full day of white water rapids lay ahead and he was already dead . 
 this is the reality of older men with younger women , he thought . 
 paul knew he had to hold it together . 
 amanda sat and looked just as energetic as ever . 
 `` today might be a good day for you to learn how to row , '' paul offered as they passed a small rapid . 
 `` tired , huh ? 
 those lights never stopped . 
 i do n't know how you even got up this morning , '' amanda said . 
 paul realized amanda knew and did n't seem to mind , but letting her row some today still seemed like a good idea . 
 he moved off his spot and amanda sat down . 
 paul stood up behind her and started to teach her how to read the water . 
 she immediately pulled on the oars and lined the raft perfectly for the small rapid ahead . 
 with two quick strokes she pulled away from the rock to the right . 
 amanda then had the raft in position for the small ledge drop . 
 `` sure , now you tell me you know how to row . '' 
 `` my family is from idaho , also . 
 i 've been running rivers with my dad since i was twelve , '' amanda said . 
 `` why do n't you lie down on the box and get some rest ? 
 i 'll wake you if something big comes along . '' 
 paul laughed and rubbed his hand through amanda 's brunette hair to mess it up . 
 there was still a lot they had to learn about each other . 
 as he lay down to nap , he wondered why she was so interested in him . 
 whatever the reason , he would enjoy it as long as it lasted . 
 paul woke with a start when amanda touched his arm . 
 the other rafts were pulling into middle fork lodge and tying up . 
 amanda pulled for shore to join them . 
 matt came up behind in his kayak . 
 `` finally get some sleep dad ? '' 
 matt asked . 
 the smile on his face said it all . 
 `` your dad could n't sleep very well last night with all the commotion going on , '' amanda answered . 
 `` yeah . 
 i had a hard time falling asleep myself , '' matt said . 
 paul looked at his son . 
 what did he mean by that ? 
 he thought . 
 this was all a mistake . 
 he looked at his son who only smiled in response . 
 `` hey , paul , '' one of his professors from ise said . 
 `` you said they 'd have cold beer here . 
 they said no such luck . '' 
 he and his wife were avid rafters and they had spent many days floating together . 
 `` well , their fridge must be out , '' paul said . 
 `` i 'll check . '' 
 paul climbed out of the raft and tied up to the post provided . 
 he walked up into the small river front store that the lodge had established . 
 although expensive , because of the air plane ride into the lodge , rafters could usually purchase items like ice and cold beer . 
 `` so no cold beer today ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` can we buy some ice then ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 all our fridges went down last night . 
 about the same time that those northern lights kicked up . 
 in fact , our short wave radio is out and our generator went down also , '' the store clerk said . 
 `` well , i 'll be , '' paul 's fellow professor said . 
 but paul did n't saying anything . 
 he was thinking . 
 he recalled his long talks with his brother , john ewing , professor of astrophysics at the university of oregon . 
 at family gatherings he and john would talk about world affairs . 
 paul had a doctorate in economics and the two would spend the entire time discussing the importance of their specialty in world affairs . 
 their wives would grow irritated at the two husbands distracted from family events . 
 at least until paul 's wife had taken their marriage over a cliff . 
 but paul recalled one long discussion concerning emp and cme . 
 john had explained that both had the potential to cripple the untied states . 
 an electromagnetic pulse . 
 or emp , was more often a man-made phenomena caused during a nuclear explosion . 
 emitted when a nuclear bomb was detonated , a super electrical charge blasted out that could overwhelm any unshielded circuit within hundreds of miles . 
 the concern that john expressed was of a hostile nation setting off two nuclear explosions high over the united states . 
 the emp would collapse the nation 's power grid . 
 with the destruction of the power grid , modern life stopped in america . 
 paul was shocked to learn that it would stay that way for years , as new transformers were moved in to replace the destroyed ones . 
 the real shock was the discovery that the united states did n't produce transformers anymore . 
 that industry had been outsourced overseas . 
 `` paul , are you ok ? 
 you seem lost , '' amanda said as she walked up to where he stood . 
 paul looked at her and his eyes started to water up . 
 if what he was thinking had happened , everyone 's life had totally changed last night . 
 he looked at his two children who were browsing the shop . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 amanda asked when she noticed paul 's eyes . 
 paul shook himself . 
 there was no need to raise a concern to everyone just yet . 
 it may be just a fluke problem here at the lodge , he thought . 
 `` have you gotten in any airplanes today ? '' 
 paul asked the shopkeeper . 
 `` no sir . 
 strangest thing . 
 it 's been good flying weather and we had some guests scheduled to arrive today . 
 usually they 've flown in by now . 
 must be having plane problems . '' 
 you have no idea , he thought . 
 with the northern lights last night , every circuit board will be gone . 
 unless it 's an old airplane before computers ran everything , no one would be flying in or out . 
 `` we need to get going , '' paul said . 
 he realized that time worked against them if what he thought was true . 
 he needed time to think . 
 everyone 's survival was at stake if things really were as they appeared . 
 `` dad , i wanted to get some candy , '' meredith said . 
 `` no , we need to go now , '' paul barked . 
 the seriousness of the potential situation descended on him . 
 the group all looked at paul like spiders were coming out his nose . 
 they were used to mild-mannered dr. paul . 
 even during the divorce , paul had exhibited a calm demeanor . 
 he knew the kids needed that stability . 
 `` all right , let 's get going . 
 if paul says we need to move , we move , '' amanda said . 
 the sternness in her voice got everyone moving . 
 paul turned as he walked down to the raft and looked at this young woman he had found . 
 that was a good sign from her . 
 she would have to display that intensity if they were going to make it . 
 the next two days were decidedly different . 
 gone was the relaxed float through rapids they had experienced at the start of their trip . 
 now paul pushed them hard . 
 they floated all day until the light began fading . 
 then up at first light to eat , pack and climb onto the rafts . 
 the kayaks were even tied onto the back of the rafts so that more relief rowers were available . 
 the kids had started to complain but paul cut them right off . 
 they were now flying down the river and ignoring their assigned campsites . 
 they camped wherever they found themselves when daylight ran out . 
 each night , the northern lights returned with a vengeance . 
 at their arrival the second night , everyone began to realize that paul 's behavior was somehow connected to the lights , but no one dared broach the subject with him . 
 they were too tired each night to do anything besides eat and go to sleep . 
 even amanda left paul alone . 
 a grim determination to get off the river as soon as possible was evident . 
 paul tried to tell her what he thought had happened , but he could n't say anything until he was more certain . 
 the third day would bring that confirmation . 
 paul pushed on the oars as he willed the raft down the river . 
 he was tired but had determined an action plan if today brought the answer he did n't want . 
 the middle fork soon joined the main salmon river and the group rowed hard for the takeout . 
 as they came around the bend in the river , a fishing lodge appeared on the left bank , and a boat ramp on the right . 
 cars and trucks were sitting in the parking lot . 
 some had their hoods up . 
 paul slumped in despair . 
 amanda jumped off the raft as they pulled onto the beach . 
 she walked up the beach and tied the rope off to a tree . 
 paul and the others followed . 
 the beach was covered with rafting gear from parties that had ended their trip , packed up and were waiting for their shuttles . 
 another rafting party had just pulled up on the beach and was already standing and talking . 
 `` howdy . 
 everything ok ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` no , we paid to have our rigs shuttled down from dagger falls and they are n't here yet . 
 they were supposed to drop our rigs off tuesday , '' a rafter said . 
 `` well , i 'm looking at the parking lot and i do n't see our rigs either , '' paul said . 
 amanda had already scanned the parking lot and walked back with her arms raised , as if to say , ` what gives ? ' 
 paul walked over to one of the people with the hood up on his pickup . 
 `` having trouble ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` totally dead . 
 the things only a year old and it just sits here , '' the exasperated man said . 
 `` how long have you been sitting here ? 
 any cars come in while you 've been here ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` that 's what 's weird . 
 we 've been here two days now and no one has driven in . 
 the lodge owner rowed over and said his telephone line to north fork was out , '' the man said . 
 `` the only vehicle we 've seen was a woman driving an old ’64 ford pickup that pulled in here the first day . 
 she loaded up two guys with their raft and bolted . '' 
 `` and the forest service ranger has n't shown up to check in boaters ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` nobody has shown up here except that old ford pickup . '' 
 paul knew all that he needed to know . 
 he walked back to the beach and motioned his group together . 
 he had to be careful now . 
 `` everyone jump back into the rafts . 
 the ranger is n't here today so we can head down the main salmon , '' paul said . 
 he tried to put a positive spin on the news . 
 `` we get two raft trips this summer . '' 
 `` what about our shuttle ? 
 our vehicles will be here to pick us up , '' meredith said . 
 `` i said we run the main . 
 now let 's go , '' paul said . 
 he tried to not bark at his group , but he wanted them all moving . 
 `` dad , what is going on ? 
 you 're scaring me , '' meredith said . 
 `` come on . 
 your daddy has a good reason for this . 
 i 'm sure he 'll tell us when he 's ready , '' amanda said . 
 she took meredith around the shoulders and started walking her to the raft . 
 the others grew quiet and followed . 
 they soon pushed off and lined up for the first rapid . 
 they were now committing themselves to another seventy-nine miles of river until the next road . 
 when they were a few miles downstream , paul motioned that it was time for a lunch stop . 
 everyone pulled on their oars and headed to a large sandy beach . 
 they walked the food up to a large overhanging pine tree to eat in the shade . 
 `` before we break open the food , let me explain . 
 what i saw at corn creek confirmed what i think has happened , '' paul started . 
 everyone stared as he explained a cme . 
 he told them about his brother and the discussions they had had over the years . 
 `` you mean that electricity does n't work anymore ? '' 
 meredith asked . 
 `` no , electricity is still there , but everything that uses electricity is dead . 
 at least everything that has a modern circuit . 
 all the stuff before integrated circuits should still be working , but i do n't really know , '' paul said . 
 he was n't an expert on this . 
 he wished his brother was here to explain . 
 `` so , going down the main salmon does what for us ? 
 we 'll have barely enough food even if we continue the pace we 've been keeping , '' amanda said . 
 paul liked this young woman more each moment . 
 she had the intelligence to start thinking through their situation . 
 `` we 're on our own right now . 
 to get home to boise , we 'll be walking . 
 floating down to riggins gets us closer than starting in north fork , '' paul said . 
 the group went quiet . 
 paul could tell they were all contemplating walking the distance from riggins to boise . 
 he was n't sure , but it had to be close to two hundred miles . 
 they would have to go on half rations to try and stretch their food supply . 
 `` so , we 'll concentrate on eating the food that is heavy while on the river . 
 we 'll save the lighter food for the walk , '' paul continued . 
 `` we should be able to get to riggins in hopefully three days at the pace we 've been keeping . 
 once there , we take just what we need to get home . '' 
 `` we leave all our rafting gear in riggins ? '' 
 one of the professors asked . 
 `` well , you 're free to take it with you , but we wo n't be waiting for you , '' paul answered . 
 everyone looked down at the gravity of what he said . 
 for a lifelong river runner to abandon his equipment spoke to the deadly serious situation in which they had found themselves . 
 they spent the next three days pushing hard on the oars , moving down the river . 
 they met no other groups as they went , a sign that no one had put on the river since the cme had happened . 
 as they neared riggins , paul motioned everyone to pull toward shore . 
 the light faded as they reached the beach . 
 it had been five days since the lights went out and paul was nervous about returning to civilization . 
 he knew that by now everyone would have figured out something big had happened . 
 with no vehicles coming through town on highway 95 , the locals would have cleaned out the stores of food and supplies . 
 finding out how much civilization had abandoned riggins was paul 's main concern . 
 `` we need to scout riggins before we enter . 
 matt and i will walk from here to see if it 's safe to float down tomorrow . 
 we 'll check if there 's any food left in town , too , '' paul said . 
 he pulled his war surplus metal ammo can off the raft . 
 it had been on every river trip he 'd done over the years . 
 it was used as a waterproof hard case to protect valuables inside . 
 paul pulled on the metal handle and opened it . 
 he pulled out his digital camera . 
 he did n't need that anymore . 
 then he moved the small cloth he had for the camera 's protection and pulled out a glock 17 . 
 he reached down and grabbed a second clip and shoved both into his rafting shorts . 
 `` hold on . 
 i know what that 's for . 
 do you think there 'll be that much trouble in town ? '' 
 one professor asked . 
 `` i do n't know , but i plan on protecting myself if there 's anyone bent on causing trouble , '' paul said . 
 `` well , i do n't like it . 
 i 'm sure the police have everything under control , '' the professor said . 
 the other three people from ise chimed in their agreement . 
 paul suddenly realized that these people were from the east coast . 
 he had been under pressure by his board of directors to diversify his staff and he had reluctantly gone recruiting back east . 
 these two professors and their wives had been the most conservative of the bunch . 
 now their true persuasions were coming out . 
 `` just wait here . 
 matt and i will be back before midnight . 
 if it looks clear , we 'll camp here tonight , float to town early in morning and head out south towards boise , '' paul said . 
 `` i 'm not liking this one bit , '' the wife of one of the professors said . 
 `` if it 's as dangerous as you say , what are you leaving with us for protection ? '' 
 paul reached into his ammo can and pulled another cloth aside . 
 he pulled out a ruger sp101 revolver . 
 `` if you 're from idaho , i 'll assume you know how to use this ? '' 
 paul said and handed the handgun to amanda . 
 `` five shot , .357 magnum . 
 hell of a kick . 
 short barrel . 
 get up close and personal before you pull the trigger . 
 no problem , '' amanda quipped . 
 paul smiled . 
 what a woman . 
 the others stepped back , not sure what to make of this sudden change in this demure woman that had been with them all week . 
 `` now , just so we do n't have any accidents in the dark when we come back , we need a password , '' paul said . 
 `` good grief , '' one of the wives exclaimed . 
 `` and i suppose we need to dig foxholes , too . '' 
 `` not a bad idea , '' paul threw back . 
 `` ok , matt . 
 let 's go see how western civilization is holding up . '' 
 he and matt headed off into the dark . 
 they found the gravel road leading towards riggins . 
 with the northern lights continuing to light the night sky , they did n't have any difficulty finding their way . 
 up ahead they saw light flickering . 
 the slight evening breeze carried the smell of smoke up the river canyon . 
 paul suddenly stopped . 
 the smoke did n't have that woodsy smell given off by a wood fire . 
 this smoke was the smell of many things burning . 
 the smell of cars , tires and buildings burning . 
 he tightened his grip on the glock . 
 chapter 4 australian blight , 200 miles south of walpole , western australia the forty-foot cheoy lee ketch leaped as another following wave lifted her stern and powered her down another trough . 
 desmond fought the wheel on the big boat as the speed accelerated and the hum in the rudder shot up through the wheel to his arms . 
 his whole body vibrated as the sailboat crashed into the bottom . 
 the climb up the next wave caused the speed to drop as the bow buried itself into the front of the wave . 
 spray flew up and over desmond standing in his rain gear in the cockpit of the big boat . 
 he ducked as the water flew at him , hitting him in the hood of his foul weather gear . 
 he fought the boat to keep it on course as it crested the next wave and broke free for a run down the back side . 
 again the whole boat vibrated as the speed increased . 
 desmond waited for the sudden crash at the bottom and braced himself for the impact . 
 his safety harness tightened as he leaned forward in reaction to the boat hitting the next wave . 
 desmond was bone tired . 
 this was their third day of forty knot winds and large rolling seas . 
 luckily , they were running with the wind and not trying to fight their way into it . 
 but as skipper , he had to make sure the sailboat did n't bury its bow too deeply into the trough and pitch pole , or flip over , end-to-end . 
 a pitch pole would be disastrous and would certainly cost him and his family their lives . 
 desmond fought the ache in his muscles to stay in control of the boat . 
 as the next wave crashed over the cabin and into the cockpit , his wife , marina , slid the companionway door open slightly and stuck out a steaming cup . 
 she had been supplying him with hot soup and tea frequently to keep his fortitude going . 
 `` how much longer do you think this blow will go on ? '' 
 marina asked her husband . 
 `` i do n't think we 're going to get much relief . 
 this is winter and we 're close to the roaring forties . 
 another couple of days and we 'll be by tasmania and into the tasman sea , and you know the reputation it has , '' desmond yelled to be heard over the wind and sea . 
 `` have the kids gotten out of their bunks yet ? '' 
 `` noel is getting his stomach under him , but the rest are still flat , '' marina yelled back . 
 `` they 're getting down a couple crackers , but jamie still has n't kept anything down . '' 
 desmond was worried about the four kids and their first open ocean crossing . 
 they had all spent many pleasant days sailing their twenty-eight foot sloop out of mandurah harbor . 
 mandurah lay sixty miles south of perth on western australia 's indian ocean . 
 the wind off perth was famous for its cooling of the city during the hot summers . 
 desmond had spent many an enjoyable day with his family out in the ` doctor ' , as the locals called the wind . 
 but all that had ended with a vengeance five days before . 
 that was the morning when life changed on earth . 
 desmond leffingwell was a mining engineer that commuted by train to perth each work day . 
 but luckily that morning , he had a doctor 's appointment and had taken the morning off . 
 just as he was about to leave the house , the television clicked off . 
 the tennis match from indian wells , california that he had been watching while he made lunch had just disappeared . 
 desmond had checked the remote and nothing happened . 
 then he had noticed that other electrical devices had stopped , including the microwave heating his breakfast . 
 desmond had hit a light switch , nothing . 
 he had rifled through the kitchen junk draw for the transistor radio they used for power outages and had turned it on , nothing . 
 he had clicked the flashlight and it had turned on . 
 changing the batteries from the flashlight to the radio , he had tried again . 
 still dead . 
 as he had walked through the house to check the breakers in the garage , he had noticed out the front window two cars stalled in the street . 
 the drivers were getting out and lifting their bonnets . 
 he had stopped and stared out the window . 
 as an engineer , his first-year college studies at massey university in north palmerston , new zealand had required him to take a broad coverage of engineering courses . 
 one of those introductory sessions had been electrical engineering . 
 he recalled the week the professor had spent on emp/cme potentials . 
 he had only casually paid attention at the time . 
 the required background an engineer got in each engineering field had been tolerated by everyone . 
 the upper division courses in their selected major discipline was what everyone waited for . 
 desmond had run to dig out the box of his old college notebooks and flew through the stack to find what he needed . 
 he had sat on the floor and reread the handouts and notes on emp/cme . 
 this all fit , he thought . 
 desmond had then walked into the garage and had tried his sport ` ute ' . 
 the suv did nothing , no click even . 
 as he avoided another deluge of seawater , desmond reflected that it had been only five days earlier . 
 he sat down to drink his soup as he kept one hand on the wheel . 
 `` dad , i think i can come out and help , '' noel said . 
 desmond looked at his sixteen-year old son . 
 tears started to form as he thought of how noel 's and his siblings ' world had changed . 
 `` if you feel up to it . 
 just get your lifeline hooked up before you step out , '' desmond yelled back at his son . 
 desmond noticed the exasperated look of his son as he stepped halfway out of the companionway , hooked the carabiner onto the lifeline that ran along the cabin roof and stepped into the cockpit . 
 he was in his foul weather gear with a wool watch cap pulled low over his forehead . 
 `` we 're making good time . 
 i bet we 've covered one hundred miles so far today , '' noel said as he sat down next to his dad . 
 desmond motioned for noel to stand up and take the wheel . 
 he needed to get the feel of the boat . 
 desmond needed sleep soon , and someone had to sail the boat while he slept . 
 a self-steering vane would n't work in these heavy seas . 
 too much risk of the boat turning sideways going down a wave . 
 if that happened , the boat would roll . 
 not as bad as pitch poling , but they would surely lose their two masts if that happened . 
 only a human could feel the changes quick enough to keep a boat straight in these seas . 
 the automatic pilot was disabled by the cme charge . 
 in fact , none of the boat 's electrics worked , which caused desmond to worry at night . 
 the little lantern they lit and raised up the mast still worked , but it did n't seem to throw much light . 
 he just hoped there were n't any other boats out here to run into at night . 
 `` dad , will we get in trouble for taking mr. black 's boat ? 
 he might need it , '' noel said . 
 `` son , mr. black has left me in charge of his boat for the last five years . 
 he offered us its use at any time , '' desmond said . 
 `` i know he was in hong kong when the lights went out . 
 i do n't think he 'll be needing it any time soon . '' 
 desmond had watched over the cheoy lee for mr. black since they had adjoining slips in ocean marina in mandurah harbor . 
 they had become mates and often sailed together . 
 desmond knew that mr. black would want desmond to use his sailboat to try and save his family . 
 `` mr. black has no family . 
 you know how close he has been with our family . 
 he 's often told me that you kids are the closest thing he 'll probably ever have to grandchildren , '' desmond added . 
 `` i know . 
 i hope he 's ok wherever he is , '' noel said . 
 `` me too , son , '' desmond agreed . 
 `` i 'm figuring that we should be entering the bass strait between tasmania and melbourne today . 
 we can expect to see the seas increase as we make our passage through . 
 i just want to hit it in daylight . 
 the navigational aids are all gone and this part of the australian coast is littered with wrecks . '' 
 as soon as he had said it , desmond regretted it . 
 the nervous look on noel 's face said it all . 
 desmond knew everyone was scared at what they were attempting . 
 but desmond knew that without electricity for a couple years , western australia could not sustain all the people who lived there . 
 the desert would quickly reclaim all the irrigated farm land around perth and starvation would overwhelm the population . 
 desmond had struck upon the idea of heading home to the south island of new zealand . 
 his parents lived on a farm outside nelson . 
 and the way his parents lived , they still probably did n't know anything had happened . 
 desmond had left because it always seemed to be 1950 at his parents . 
 even on his occasional visits back , nothing had changed . 
 desmond 's dad ran the farm and still did everything the old-fashioned way . 
 they were n't even connected to the national power grid . 
 instead they relied on generating their own power on site with various conveyances . 
 a little wind power and little water power backed up by an old generator kept the place going . 
 but marina had been very nervous about the crossing . 
 desmond had figured it would take sixteen days of sailing to make new zealand . 
 since it was winter in the southern hemisphere when the cme hit , desmond would have to sail through some very treacherous water to reach safety . 
 it was a good thing that his dad had rubbed off on him . 
 desmond had learned the old ways of navigating and did n't need to rely on electronics . 
 now that satellite navigation and loran were gone , the old handheld sextant and chronometer kept them on their course . 
 and it was critical to hit new zealand in the right spot . 
 while they would have a hard time missing the long country , making landfall at the wrong spot would be catastrophic . 
 the west coast of the south island was very inhospitable with few safe harbors . 
 and being a lee shore , it would be dangerous to tack along the coast looking for the cook straits . 
 `` we 're fine son . 
 i 'm sorry i said that about the coast here . 
 we knew it would be an adventure , '' desmond said , trying to settle his son . 
 `` i know , dad . 
 i 'll be right . 
 we have to make sure the little kids do n't get scared , do n't we ? '' 
 `` yes , we need to support each other . 
 everyone is nervous . 
 luckily i got to the store right after the lights went out with cash and bought enough supplies for the trip , '' desmond said . 
 when he realized what had happened , desmond immediately went to the nearest store and used cash to buy the supplies they would need . 
 he had used a grocery cart to get it all back home . 
 when everyone had returned home from school and work , desmond sat them down and explained what he thought had happened . 
 that night the southern lights , similar to the northern variety , confirmed for desmond that they had to act fast . 
 they had packed the next day and started making trips with the shopping cart to the boat . 
 located a short distance from the house , noel had maintained guard over the sailboat as desmond shuttled gear from the house . 
 as they had been packing the boat over the next two days , other sailors started showing up with similar ideas . 
 all knew that western australia without electricity was untenable for all the population that lived there . 
 desmond kept an old hunting rifle close by out of sight , as people looked enviously at the gear and food they stowed . 
 no one spoke much as each had made preparations to depart . 
 the little talk that did transpire revolved around where people were contemplating heading in this emergency . 
 desmond noticed that the consensus of most of the sailors was to head off to islands in the indian ocean . 
 the proximity to the ocean and fish seemed to drive most of them . 
 when desmond mentioned new zealand , he received the ` stare ' . 
 no one willingly crossed the tasman sea in the winter , so desmond had stopped discussing where they were headed . 
 they soon departed late one afternoon to take advantage of the remaining day light . 
 the first two days had been uneventful as they headed out into the indian ocean and then turned south . 
 it was when they set their course east that the seas and wind had picked up . 
 now three days without sleep , desmond was desperately tired . 
 `` noel , if you can handle the wheel , i can crawl down below and get some sleep . 
 we still have a few hours of daylight , so you 'll see anything that 's out there . 
 think you 're ready ? '' 
 desmond asked . 
 `` i 'm ready . 
 you need some sleep and mom may be able to get some real food made up , '' noel said . 
 just as desmond stood up to move to the companionway , a large roller wave hit the stern of the boat . 
 suddenly noel fought to keep the boat straight into the wave . 
 the cheoy lee quickly leaned over from the hit and began to broach . 
 desmond swung around immediately and released the main sheet , dumping the wind from the sail . 
 the boat staggered for an instance , and then came back around on course . 
 the wave passed them by and noel brought the boat back on course . 
 `` my mistake son . 
 there 's too much sail to handle right now . 
 i could barely keep the boat steady , '' desmond said . 
 he motioned that he needed noel to uncleat the main sail so desmond could gather it in and get the sail cover over it . 
 as he struggled to tie off the big sail , he kept his gaze on the waves for another roller . 
 then desmond yelled down below for the storm sail . 
 lashing it in place of the main , the sailboat steadied into a comfortable roll . 
 although moving much slower under the small storm sail and a heavily reefed mizzen , the sail boat would be safe for noel to handle . 
 desmond decided to throw a sea anchor out for good measure . 
 a sea anchor acted as a brake as it dragged through the water . 
 it would keep the stern of the boat into the waves and help prevent any broaching . 
 finished , desmond hugged his son and headed down below . 
 he was asleep as soon as his rain gear was off and his head hit the bunk . 
 chapter 5 riggins , idaho paul and matt were moving cautiously towards riggins along the gravel road that paralleled the salmon river . 
 the northern lights were still active this far south and provided enough light for them to make their way toward town . 
 when they reached a point where the road swung away from the river , paul reached out and stopped matt . 
 from previous trips , paul knew the town was close . 
 with the fires burning , he could tell that sections of riggins had been destroyed . 
 as he stood there considering the best option , a whispered voice almost made him wet his pants . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the voice in the dark asked . 
 paul turned his head in the direction that the voice had seemed to originate . 
 `` what are you doing out here ? '' 
 `` i 'm dr. paul kendall from boise . 
 my son and i are trying to see if riggins is safe . 
 we 've been on the river . 
 who are you ? '' 
 paul finally asked . 
 `` an armed citizen , so do n't try any quick moves . 
 we 're protecting our half of town from the assholes , '' the voice offered . 
 `` then riggins is n't safe ? '' 
 matt asked . 
 `` our half is n't too bad , but i would n't be crossing the little salmon . 
 the wild bunch is over there and they 've been living it up for the last five days . 
 the good folk in town all fled over here to get away . '' 
 the voice was a little stronger now . 
 `` but i think they 've about run out of booze and food . 
 we think they 'll be heading across the river soon . 
 we 're ready for them . '' 
 `` we were hoping there was some extra food here . 
 we will be walking to boise and we 're almost out , '' paul said . 
 he already knew the answer . 
 `` nope . 
 food is suddenly a valuable commodity . 
 that 's what those assholes will be coming for soon . 
 and they 'll die for their effort . '' 
 the voice was stern now . 
 `` but rumor has it new meadows has food . 
 more farms up there on the flats . 
 cows , too . 
 you could give them a try . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 we will . 
 would you recommend we head out tonight towards boise ? 
 it seems the night would be safer than the daytime , '' paul said . 
 `` definitely . 
 just head along the east bank of the little salmon river until you 're about a mile south of town . 
 then hit highway 95 . 
 nobody is mobile and our friends over there have n't left town in days . 
 too much ` end of the world ' partying going on , '' the voice said . 
 `` and we aim to end it for them . 
 but good luck on boise . 
 you 'll need it . '' 
 paul quietly thanked the hidden watcher and told him that they would be back with their party . 
 he and matt quickly walked back to the beach . 
 they slowed and approached cautiously . 
 `` narashima , '' paul said . 
 `` tarzan , '' amanda returned the password . 
 the two men walked onto the beach and approached the six huddled people . 
 `` alright , we leave tonight . 
 the town is n't safe and the person we talked to expects all hell to break lose soon . 
 we 've already divided up the gear and food so we should be ready to go , '' paul said . 
 `` we have a problem , '' amanda replied . 
 `` it seems some people want to wait here for the authorities . 
 they 've been discussing things while you were gone . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 we are n't going anywhere . 
 the police will have this under control soon , '' one professor announced . 
 `` we 'll keep the fishing gear . 
 there 's plenty of fish to catch to keep us going ` til help arrives . '' 
 `` and you can take those guns . 
 that 's a fair trade for the fishing gear , '' his wife exclaimed . 
 `` those things will only cause you problems , and i want no part of them , '' the second wife added . 
 her husband , who had been noticeably quiet for the past five days , stood by her side . 
 `` then there 's no point in keeping this out of sight then . '' 
 paul reached into his large wet bag that had contained his personal gear . 
 he rummaged around and pulled out a hard case about thirty-six inches long . 
 he laid it down and unsnapped the latches . 
 even in the low light everyone could see the scoped assault rifle . 
 he gathered up the sling and threw it over his shoulder . 
 the mouthy wife exclaimed , `` oh my ! 
 you 've had that thing along the whole time ? 
 carrying a machine gun on a float trip . 
 what the hell kind of place is this ? '' 
 paul turned away from the four and said . 
 `` all right then . 
 those of you that are going with me , get your gear . 
 we head out immediately . '' 
 amanda got her gear together and slung it over her shoulders . 
 they had each brought a day pack for hikes up the side canyons of the middle fork . 
 now they would serve as back packs for their long march to boise . 
 with rolled-up sleeping bags and pads strapped to the sides , the packs were workable , if not comfortable . 
 the shoulder straps were n't designed for such loads and they cut into their shoulders . 
 the four travelers all lined up and paul checked each person 's load . 
 `` ok , let 's get moving . 
 we need to be south of riggins before sunlight , '' paul said . 
 they started to walk off . 
 the professor that had been noticeably quiet caught up to paul as they headed up the beach . 
 `` our jobs will still be there when we get back to boise , wo n't they paul ? '' 
 he asked . 
 paul was taken aback . 
 this guy did n't have a clue what fate was about to do to him and his wife . 
 he was sympathetic to his plight and only answered , `` your job will be waiting for you . 
 just get home safe . '' 
 it was a lie , but all paul could do was turn and walk off . 
 paul knew that he 'd never see the four again . 
 amanda waited on the road as matt and meredith slowly walked up the slope from the beach . 
 when paul reached her , she asked , `` you do n't think they 'll make it , do you ? 
 should you have convinced them to come with us ? '' 
 `` those four are trapped in the old america . 
 that america died five days ago . 
 the new america is going to be a lot meaner , i 'm afraid . 
 many people are going to die in the near future waiting for a return of a life that will never be seen again , '' paul explained . 
 `` i 'm afraid i do n't have the time or energy to convince ill-educated people of that fact . '' 
 paul could n't tell in the low light of the northern lights how amanda took his answer . 
 like the four just left behind , this would be a test of her resolve to move into a different world . 
 they were all about to be tested . 
 paul and amanda quickly caught up with the two kids and together they formed a loose line headed towards riggins . 
 paul was out front on point and watched for the guard post they had encountered before . 
 as they came to the correct location , the voice was heard again . 
 `` you 've improved your weaponry . 
 stand by . '' 
 paul stood and scanned the area from which the voice emanated . 
 a rustle in the brush announced a figure coming out of hiding . 
 it was followed by two very small figures . 
 as they got closer , paul realized that the two small figures were children . 
 the large figure suddenly broke the tension . 
 `` dr. kendall , a surprise running into you here . '' 
 paul strained in the low light to recognize the face , but the voice was familiar . 
 `` general ed gale , from the idaho national guard . 
 you remember , from the governor 's advisory council , '' general gale said . 
 `` although this week i was grandpa ed for my two grandchildren . 
 we were up the main salmon camping when the cme hit . '' 
 `` general , of all the people to run into here and now . 
 but ... '' paul was suddenly at a loss for words . 
 `` i 've been waiting here for a group to come by heading for boise . 
 i need to get to headquarters . 
 i 'm sure they 've got their hands full with all that 's going on . 
 our friend over there told me you were heading south . 
 can the three of us join up with your team ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` of course , general . 
 it would be an honor , '' paul said . 
 `` i 'm afraid my grandkids will slow you down . '' 
 `` we 'll carry them if we have to , '' amanda spoke up . 
 `` i do n't want to impose , '' ed said . 
 `` general , the world changed this week and if we do n't all work together , we will all fail , '' amanda added . 
 paul stood and looked at this woman . 
 she understood what he had said at the beach . 
 everything was different , and she knew it . 
 `` doc , you seem to have brought more firepower than i did . 
 i only have my colt .45 service piece , '' ed said . 
 `` general , i want you to take this . 
 you know more what to do with it than i do . '' 
 paul pulled the smith and wesson m&p semiautomatic rifle off his shoulder . 
 `` whoa there , doc . 
 i 've never taken someone 's personal protection away from them , '' ed said . 
 `` nonsense , i still have my glock . '' 
 he handed the assault rifle off to the general . 
 the general feigned reluctance but accepted the offer . 
 he slid the clip out of the receiver , checked the load and replaced it . 
 he was now confident that it was ready to fire . 
 paul was relieved . 
 he had just handed off their most important piece of protection to a trained navy seal . 
 paul knew general gale had started his career at annapolis and went into submarines upon graduation . 
 obtaining executive officer status on a nuclear attack submarine , he had decided to pursue his life 's dream of flying . 
 the general had received his navy wings and flown jets off of carriers for a few years . 
 then , at age thirty-six , the yen for excitement caught up with him . 
 he applied to the navy seals and had made it through training . 
 he had risen to admiral in charge of special ops when his wife was diagnosed with terminal breast cancer . 
 the illness brought them back to idaho for her hospice while dying . 
 he had retired soon after her death with a feeling of profound loss . 
 the idaho governor had found him living quietly in retirement in burley and had convinced him four years ago that his services were needed by the state . 
 ed had been named commanding general of the idaho national guard . 
 suddenly he had become a general as the guard did n't have any admiral ranks available . 
 and at age 62 , general gale still had the look of a warrior . 
 he had obviously stayed in shape and paul was more confident that they would all reach boise . 
 `` ok , i 'll take point . 
 paul , if you can take up rear guard . 
 you , what 's your name ? '' 
 ed looked at matt . 
 `` er , matt , sir . 
 and this is amanda and meredith , '' matt answered . 
 he felt like he should snap to attention . 
 `` right . 
 you take my .45 . 
 you know how to handle a semi-automatic ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i have my dad 's glock now . 
 and amanda has his ruger , '' matt responded . 
 `` boy doc , you really travel heavy . 
 then i 'll give your dad my service piece . 
 you keep the glock , '' ed said . 
 `` and amanda , you 're squared away with that ruger . '' 
 `` four by four sir . '' 
 amanda tried to inject as much military jargon as she knew . 
 ed gave her a grin and turned to meredith . 
 `` i assume you 're not carrying then . '' 
 `` wrong assumption , sir . '' 
 meredith reached onto her belt and withdrew the glock austrian army special ops knife her dad had given her . 
 `` holy cow ! 
 a pig sticker . 
 doc , you 've been expecting trouble for quite some time , have n't you ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` yes , quite some time , '' paul answered . 
 `` well , meredith , you keep your pig sticker real handy . 
 i may need it on our journey . 
 i do my best work quietly . '' 
 paul could only imagine what the general meant by that but he knew it would n't be healthy for the bad guys . 
 yes , we just might survive the trip south , paul thought . 
 `` ok , move out . 
 stay quiet . 
 no talking . 
 watch for my hand signals , '' ed said . 
 he explained the four basic hand signals they 'd need to know . 
 he also explained that he 'd teach them a lot more about survival skills as they progressed south . 
 skirting around riggins was tense but uneventful . 
 it was late enough that it appeared the people in town were sleeping off the mayhem of the previous day . 
 paul assumed that hunger must be setting in and energy levels were being affected . 
 they followed the little salmon river upstream on the east bank until ed considered them a safe distance from riggins . 
 they crossed the river , put on dry socks and climbed up onto highway 95 . 
 all was quiet . 
 they lined up and headed south . 
 ed moved ahead on point watching the sides of the road . 
 paul brought up the rear and constantly swiveled to look behind him as he walked . 
 he could just see the general up ahead in the limited light with the five others in single file in between them . 
 they were about three miles south of riggins making good time when paul became aware of something behind him . 
 he turned his head yet could n't see anything , but he could feel it . 
 he turned his head half way so his right ear was pointed back down the road . 
 there it was again . 
 a slight noise , like boots on pavement . 
 the river made too much noise next to the road to make it out clearly , but the hair on the back of his neck was standing up in warning . 
 paul jogged ahead and did a low ` shush ' to ed to get his attention . 
 ed slowed but did n't stop as paul caught up to him . 
 in a low voice he whispered , `` i have n't seen anything , but i think i 've heard someone behind us . '' 
 ed instantly reacted . 
 after he motioned paul to stand watch , he gathered up the children and led them off the road down toward the river . 
 paul watched the road north as ed stationed the five in a defensive position among some large river boulders . 
 ed silently climbed back up on the road . 
 he held the glock knife in his hand . 
 `` i borrowed this , '' ed said . 
 he held up the large black knife . 
 his face was painted black with camouflage . 
 `` let 's check things out . 
 you stay one click behind me on the river side . 
 take cover at the first sign of trouble . 
 you take the rifle and keep them from moving up the road . 
 i 'll take the 45 and see what 's up . '' 
 ed handed paul the camouflage stick so he could black out his white face . 
 ed crossed the road and checked the colt as he walked . 
 paul waited for ed to move forward . 
 he had no idea how long a ` click ' was , but he 'd wing it . 
 paul watched as ed suddenly disappeared into the roadside bushes . 
 paul dropped to one knee , looked and listened . 
 he heard boots on gravel as someone walked up the edge of the road . 
 paul slide down on his belly beside the road and raised up the rifle . 
 he trained the burris red dot scope onto the spot where ed had gone to ground . 
 he waited . 
 he was nervous , since at this distance , he would n't be able to tell friend from foe . 
 he sure did n't want to shoot his newly found best friend . 
 things went very quiet in spite of the river noisily flowing over rocks . 
 that had become white noise to paul . 
 he was intently listening for human sounds . 
 then he heard the muffled noise of two men struggling . 
 he could n't see anything . 
 then a shot rang out and a flash lit the road up in front of him . 
 paul took aim at the flash and placed the red dot on the area illuminated . 
 he held his fire . 
 paul knew ed was experienced at taking out trained troops . 
 he doubted that anyone around here would be a match for the former navy seal . 
 another flash and report announced another shot . 
 paul waited . 
 suddenly he felt a hand go over his mouth . 
 paul panicked and turned to see a smiling blackened face lying next to him . 
 `` shhh . 
 i think they have a vehicle , too . '' 
 ed whispered in paul 's ear . 
 `` sorry about sneaking up on you . 
 i did n't want any friendly fire casualties . 
 can i have the rifle back ? '' 
 paul slid the gun over to ed and moved a little further away to make room . 
 ed took up a prone firing position and waited . 
 paul heard the noise of an engine coming up on the road . 
 the headlights were out but , as it neared , paul could make out the outline of an older model passenger car . 
 ed fired two shots and paul saw the windshield shatter and the car lurch to the right . 
 ed fired two more and the figure hanging out the rear door window slumped down the side of the car . 
 the car crashed into the underbrush and struck a pine tree . 
 the engine screamed as the wheels dug into the dirt trying to push through the tree before it stalled . 
 ed waited . 
 quickly two wild shots clipped the tree branches above the two prone men . 
 paul felt the sweat running down his neck as he trained the colt on the car . 
 he turned slightly . 
 ed and the rifle were gone . 
 where is he going now ? 
 paul wondered . 
 paul waited with the pistol trained on the car . 
 a scream from the other side of the road split the night . 
 a rifle shot swiftly followed . 
 `` paul , it 's all clear . 
 i 'm coming out , '' ed yelled across the road . 
 `` roger that . 
 all clear , '' paul responded . 
 he stood up and walked across the road . 
 as he rounded the car , he saw two dead bodies lying on the ground . 
 ed turned off the car 's ignition as he pulled the dead driver out of the seat . 
 `` nasty work , '' ed said . 
 he opened the rear door and pulled out the other dead body . 
 `` there were three walking up the road . 
 i quietly grabbed one from behind and politely asked who he was and what his intentions were . '' 
 `` you asked first ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` it could have been citizens like us , heading south . 
 no need to take out honest people on the road , '' ed said . 
 `` but he answered me by trying to pull his pistol around and shoot me . 
 i quickly disarmed him and took him down . 
 from a position on his back with his face in the gravel i asked again . 
 that 's when the first shot was fired . '' 
 `` did you continue waiting on his answer ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` no , i do n't take kindly to being shot at . 
 i took all three out in turn . 
 then i heard their car in the distance and i got back to you , '' ed said . 
 `` these other two were in the car when it crashed . 
 had to waste a bullet on the second one . 
 i hate that . 
 bullets are valuable . '' 
 paul did n't have an answer . 
 he just stared at the carnage . 
 but with a car , maybe we wo n't have to walk to boise after all , he thought . 
 a shot followed by another broke his dream of riding . 
 ed was gone before the second shot went still . 
 paul followed along , heading to where the kids were . 
 ed flew into the brush and paul heard him announce himself . 
 `` we 're ok , '' amanda yelled in response . 
 paul ran to the boulder hiding the children , and in the dim light , saw ed pulling on a body lying face down in the river . 
 he checked it and then walked over to another body a short distance away . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 paul asked as he finally climbed down the bank . 
 `` we heard a car coming and the shooting followed by a crash . 
 then more shots and we were getting nervous . 
 then all of a sudden two men loomed up standing on the road just above us . 
 when they saw us , they ran down here and ... , '' amanda trailed off . 
 `` dad , amanda drilled them both . 
 she was great ! '' 
 matt joined in . 
 `` good work troop . 
 you did the right thing , '' the general offered . 
 `` now , let 's see if that car still works . 
 we might not have sore feet after all . '' 
 paul was still reeling . 
 amanda had shot these two , and the whole time he had n't even fired a shot . 
 he walked over to her and put his arm around her . 
 he could feel her trembling . 
 he pulled her tight . 
 she put her arm around him for support and started to cry . 
 `` as the general said , ` you did good . '' 
 paul comforted her . 
 she had saved the children from who-knows-what fate . 
 he was grateful to this woman for staying calm when it counted . 
 two shots , two dead bodies , he 'd remember that . 
 meredith and matt came over and joined the hug . 
 the general had his grandkids in his arms , carrying them up the hillside . 
 paul moved his team to join him . 
 upon reaching the car , ed opened the trunk . 
 he pulled out some baggies with white powder in them . 
 he broke them and threw the contents on the ground . 
 `` druggies . 
 out looking for some thrills tonight , i figure . 
 riggins must be about worn out by now if this is what 's going on there , '' ed said . 
 chapter 6 south of riggins , idaho ed climbed in the car and turned the key . 
 the old chevy sedan fired up . 
 he shoved the car into reverse . 
 he backed it out of the bushes and up onto the highway . 
 turning it off , he got out , walked around and popped the hood . 
 training his flashlight , he announced . 
 `` except for a bent bumper and grill , it looks fine . 
 no leaking water or oil from the crash . 
 there 's a blanket in the trunk we can throw over the bloody seats . 
 let 's move out , in case they had friends . '' 
 paul took up position behind the driver so he could watch the rear . 
 ed climbed into the driver 's seat and amanda and matt joined him . 
 the two grandkids got the back seat with meredith . 
 ed put it in gear and leaving the headlights off , headed down highway 95 . 
 things went smoothly as they climbed up out of the salmon canyon heading toward the high plateau that held new meadows . 
 the road continued to follow the little salmon river and the northern lights offered enough visibility to see the yellow center line . 
 paul had been this way many times . 
 as they grew closer to new meadows he realized that if there would be a problem , there was one place up ahead that would be the most likely spot . 
 he nudged ed to pull over and stop the car . 
 ` we 're getting close to new meadows , general . 
 if the town is nervous about intruders from the north , there 's one place up ahead that is the perfect spot for a roadblock , '' paul said . 
 he remembered the highway in its last climb out of the canyon , passed a very narrow rock cut . 
 a couple of logs and some guards on the high walls would slow down anyone coming that way . 
 `` we 'll dismount and wait for daylight . 
 then we 'll approach on foot , '' ed said . 
 `` everyone try to get some rest . '' 
 he looked in and his grandkids were already fast asleep in the back seat . 
 amanda came over to paul and the two of them found a soft spot of pine needles to lay on . 
 with their backpacks for pillows , amanda fell quickly asleep with paul 's arm around her . 
 `` can i join you ? '' 
 meredith asked . 
 `` of course , sweetheart . 
 you 're always welcome , '' paul said . 
 she laid down and fell asleep as he placed his other arm around her . 
 matt joined ed in standing guard . 
 paul realized that matt would need more skills in survival and hoped the general could start teaching him soon . 
 * * * paul awoke with a start as his foot was bumped . 
 he opened his eyes to see ed standing over him . 
 the two women in his life stirred at the motion . 
 paul moved his arms carefully , trying to get some blood flowing . 
 `` doc , you drive this morning . 
 i 'll jog ahead and watch for any roadblocks . 
 matt can have the rifle , but keep it out of sight . 
 the less aggressive we appear to any locals , the better , '' ed explained . 
 everyone grabbed something to eat and drank water . 
 the little kids were still asleep when they all climbed in to go . 
 ed started out walking briskly , with no weapons showing . 
 soon he picked up the pace to a slow jog . 
 paul followed in the old chevy in first gear . 
 amanda had climbed into the back seat to watch the kids with meredith . 
 matt rode ` shotgun ' with the rifle leaning against the seat . 
 paul watched as ed disappeared around a large rock outcropping . 
 the river was on their left now and the highway narrowly skirted the cliff up ahead . 
 paul eased the chevy around the turn and quickly hit the brakes . 
 about a hundred feet up ahead a log barricade had been placed in the road and ed stood with his hands raised . . 
 paul turned off the car , and climbed out . 
 with hands raised , he stood next to the open door . 
 `` who goes there ? 
 and what 's your business ? '' 
 a voice from behind the barricade yelled . 
 `` i 'm general ed gale of the idaho national guard . 
 we 're trying to get back to my command in boise . '' 
 `` you do n't look like no general , mister . 
 where 's your uniform ? '' 
 `` i was on vacation when the lights went out . 
 my family is in the car . 
 will you let us pass ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` advance . 
 i assume you got some id . 
 and no funny stuff or virgil here will drill you , '' the voice said . 
 ed walked slowly up to the barricade . 
 he carefully announced in loud terms that he would reach for his wallet to pull out his military id . 
 he turned sideways so that the guards could watch his hand as he retrieved his wallet . 
 taking out the photo id , he held it up high so the men could see it . 
 one of them stood up and climbed over the barricade . 
 `` i ca n't see it so well from over there , '' the man admitted as he walked up to ed . 
 `` yep , general edward gale . 
 that looks like you . 
 who else is with you ? '' 
 `` doctor paul kendall and his family . 
 they were floating the salmon when things went out . 
 we 've teamed up to get back to boise . 
 any word on the road south , sir ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` there 's plenty of trouble around mccall . 
 all those rich folks down there are attracting all sorts of problems at a time like this . 
 what those bastards are going to do with all that stuff they 're stealing is beyond me , but all hell broke loose . '' 
 `` more reason i need to get back and get things under control , '' ed said . 
 `` then i 'd be taking the back way . 
 there 's a road down through the valley between mccall and council that should be fine . 
 regular folks down there , '' the man offered . 
 `` here , we 'll get the log moved so you can drive around . '' 
 `` any news from the capital ? '' 
 ed asked about boise . 
 `` a couple on mountain bikes came through here two days ago heading north . 
 they 'd left boise the day after the bang . 
 said it was scary as people realized what had happened and they descended on the grocery stores . 
 said it was getting out of hand as they rode out on highway 55 , '' the man said . 
 `` but that 's the only news we 've had . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 has the washington county search and rescue responded here yet ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` who do you think we are ? 
 been here since we set up the roadblock the day after yesterday . 
 we 've got more people down by mccall keeping an eye on those bastards . 
 they try to head up here , they 'll be surprised , '' the man answered . 
 `` good work then , carry on , '' ed said . 
 these men were technically now under his command if the governor had officially declared a state of emergency . 
 and if this was n't a state of emergency , ed could n't imagine what would be . 
 `` yes sir , general . 
 glad to have you pass our checkpoint . 
 we 'll be waiting for the real troops to come and relieve us , sir . '' 
 `` soldier , you are the troops protecting idaho now . 
 all of you search and rescue people . 
 that 's what you 've been training for . 
 good luck , '' the general said . 
 he saluted the guards and motioned paul to drive around the logs . 
 the guards made a good attempt at saluting back , except for one quiet soldier in the back . 
 ed looked at him and the man snapped a perfect salute . 
 he appeared to be in his sixties and carried a colt ar-15 , like he knew his work . 
 as ed studied the man , the man spoke . 
 `` sergeant frank bowers . 
 fifth marines , sir . 
 pleiku , vietnam . 
 you can rely on these boys . 
 i 'll make sure of it . '' 
 `` uss scorpion out of subic bay , philippines myself . 
 long time ago , sergeant . 
 carry on then . 
 they 're in good hands . '' 
 ed returned the salute . 
 `` semper fi . '' 
 `` hoorah , sir , '' the old sergeant returned . 
 paul pulled the car around the road block and stopped . 
 he got out to let ed drive . 
 everyone took their positions as ed put the car in gear and pulled away . 
 the guards struggled moving the log back into position and returned to watching the road to the north . 
 driving through the center of new meadows drew stares from the few locals out . 
 ed kept the chevy moving slowly as he maneuvered around the dead vehicles clogging the road . 
 the center had been busy the evening the lights went out . 
 now , nonfunctional vehicles were half shoved to the side of the road . 
 finding the road suggested by the guard , ed turned down the highway . 
 they made good time as they traveled south through the quiet valley . 
 farms and ranches spread out on either side of the road . 
 it was hard to imagine that such a peaceful scene hid the true extent of the sun 's attack . 
 here in the daylight everything looked normal . 
 cows were grazing and horses ran through their paddocks . 
 you just had to ignore the fact that there were no vehicles moving except their chevy . 
 suddenly the chevy started knocking loudly . 
 ed hit the brakes and pulled it onto the shoulder . 
 he switched off the engine as everyone piled out of the car . 
 ed reached under the hood for the latch , opening it to a stream of smoke coming from the side of the engine . 
 oil was still squirting out of a crack onto the hot manifold and vaporizing instantly . 
 oily smoke wafted up under the hood and out into the open . 
 `` looks like the engine block split . 
 must have been split before , but the hot driving cracked it open . 
 i 'm afraid our ride just died , '' ed said . 
 everyone groaned . 
 they had all been excited about riding all the way to boise . 
 they gathered up their backpacks and formed a line . 
 ed took the point and started off . 
 `` look at the bright side . 
 at least we rode halfway there , '' paul said . 
 they all agreed that seventy miles of riding was way better than three days of hard walking . 
 everyone settled into a steady pace down the valley . 
 by noon the grandkids were done in . 
 ed started to load up the four-year-old boy to carry him when paul stopped him . 
 `` you are our security . 
 you ca n't be encumbered if we run into trouble . 
 matt and i will carry the grandkids . '' 
 `` and do n't forget us , '' amanda and meredith both chimed . 
 `` thank you . 
 if they get to be too much , we 'll stop , '' ed said . 
 they shifted their loads around and then took two cloth shirts and made head straps to put around each child 's bottom . 
 with the load distributed onto their heads , matt and paul leaned into their load and started walking . 
 `` hey matt . 
 remember those pictures from my trip to nepal years ago ? 
 now you know how they felt carrying those big baskets with nothing but their heads , '' paul said . 
 `` yeah , dad , i 've been holding my breath ever since i saw those slides to experience this , '' matt said . 
 as the sun approached the top of the ridge , they made camp by a creek . 
 they pulled out their food supplies and decided to make a one pot concoction over ed 's backpack stove . 
 mixing all sorts of ingredients together , they cooked it up into a stew . 
 everyone agreed that it was the best meal they 'd ever eaten . 
 since it did n't look like rain , everyone rolled out sleeping bags onto pads and settled in for the night . 
 `` anyone notice something ? '' 
 amanda asked as the stars came out . 
 `` there 's no northern lights tonight . 
 it 's really dark , '' matt answered . 
 everyone stared at the night sky and wondered what this meant . 
 paul was n't sure that it meant the sun calmed down , or that it meant things would start to return to normal . 
 * * * in the morning , they all awoke with a start . 
 a vehicle approached their little wayside . 
 a vehicle that was backfiring , but moving . 
 they scrambled out of their sleeping bags and rushed up onto the road . 
 approaching from the south was an old 1940 's ford flatbed truck . 
 it backfired again as it pulled to a stop beside them . 
 the driver switched off the engine and the truck let out one last large bang . 
 about ten people in the back stood up over the stake bed sides to look down on paul 's group . 
 the driver climbed out of his cab and stretched his back . 
 `` where you folks coming from ? '' 
 `` we were all at riggins when the light went out , '' paul said . 
 `` where you coming from ? '' 
 `` boise . 
 left there early this morning . 
 finally got this old timer running , but as you can tell , it ai n't running too good . '' 
 excited for news of boise , ed and paul both stumbled over themselves getting the next question out . 
 `` what 's happening in the city ? '' 
 `` lights came back on last night . 
 although they were off again soon after . 
 seems they were testing things out . 
 i guess the northern lights finally settled down and they could put the power back on . '' 
 `` that 's great news then , is n't it ? '' 
 meredith asked . 
 `` with power , things will get back to normal , wo n't they ? '' 
 `` hardly likely , honey , '' the driver answered . 
 `` i ` spect the water will be running and maybe the sewer will flush and the lights may come on a bit , but all those refrigerators and stoves and microwaves and phones and tvs and radios are all history . 
 dead as a bug . '' 
 `` what ? 
 how can that be ? 
 what good is electricity if there 's nothing to run ? '' 
 meredith asked , her teenage mind trying to grasp what the new world looked like . 
 `` hopefully we 'll have basic services . 
 with water , we can drink and irrigate crops . 
 with crops we can eat . 
 with sewers we wo n't all catch diseases and get sick . 
 eventually new electronic stuff will get built and slowly we 'll get some of our old life back , '' ed said . 
 `` people need to realize that 's all going to take time . '' 
 `` yeah , and in the meantime , all those people who never did a lick of work in their life are n't getting those government checks anymore . 
 as if there is anything left to buy . 
 they 're the reason we 're heading back to the old homestead . 
 the big cities have some sorting out to do before they 're safe , '' the driver said . 
 `` i 'm afraid you 're right . 
 we have developed a whole class of people who take and take from those who work . 
 with the gravy train stopped , they 'll be out looking to take and take , only now with a gun , '' ed said . 
 `` well , good luck to you . 
 you 'll need it if boise is your destination , '' the driver said . 
 he fired up the old ford and with a series of explosions , headed north . 
 `` we forgot to tell him about riggins . 
 he left so fast , '' matt said . 
 `` maybe the guards in new meadows will tip him off . '' 
 `` hope so . 
 hate to have them drive into trouble , '' ed said . 
 `` so , general , what do you make of lights in boise ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` well , from the work i put in with the emp planning team over the last four years , it makes sense . 
 i just hope they control the mobs before they destroy what 's left . 
 we need to get a move-on people . '' 
 they packed their bags , ate a quick breakfast of dry cereal and headed south . 
 as they went , paul would pull out some yellow plastic tape and tie off a long stretch on each five mile marker . 
 he would then write something on it with a felt marker he carried in his pocket . 
 `` all right , doc . 
 i 've been watching you do that since riggins . 
 you 'd asked me to stop the car and now you 're still doing it , '' ed said . 
 `` my curiosity has maxed out . 
 what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 `` it 's a signal i worked out long ago with my brother . 
 if we ever got in this situation , we would mark our progress home with yellow tape . 
 always carry a roll when i travel , '' paul answered . 
 `` and you expect your brother to come along and find you ? '' 
 `` we both have been expecting this sort of thing for quite some time . 
 actually , i figured on a financial collapse of the federal government first , being an economics sort of guy , '' paul said . 
 `` and your brother ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` an astrophysicists . 
 he 'd been betting on what has happened , although he wished for a financial collapse . 
 more people would survive , '' paul added . 
 `` you two must be all yucks at parties . 
 i can see the crowd gathering around to discuss the benefits of financial doom versus electric armageddon now , '' ed laughed . 
 `` you sound like my ex-wife . 
 she used to say the same thing . '' 
 `` daddy , there 's smoke on the horizon . 
 a lot of smoke , '' meredith said . 
 the concern in her voice was palpable . 
 the two men stopped walking and stared at the horizon . 
 large columns of smoke climbed over the ridge into the sky . 
 they were still a couple of days march from emmett , but the warning signs from the treasure valley were announcing themselves . 
 * * * two days later they were still not yet into the payette river valley . 
 the smoke continued , but each day it would vary . 
 there was no mistaking that things were burning around boise . 
 paul continued his five-mile marker exercise to ed 's amusement . 
 as they slowly climbed the last hill that should take them into emmett , the group struggled with thirst . 
 they had been away from any stream for the day and their water had run out . 
 with the hot weather of summer beating down on them , paul called for a break under one of the few trees near the road . 
 everyone flopped down exhausted . 
 their food was almost gone and the adults had been passing on their share to feed the growing kids . 
 paul pulled his shirt up to look at his flat stomach . 
 it had n't been this flat since his days playing baseball in high school . 
 amanda walked up from behind and wrapped her arms around his middle . 
 `` feeling pretty buff , big guy . 
 i thought only twenty-somethings had stomachs like this . '' 
 `` twenty-somethings and prisoners of war . 
 starving takes on a sexy look . 
 at least until your backbone starts protruding out your front . 
 then it 's not so cute , '' paul said . 
 paul heard it first as he stood with his ear aimed north . 
 there was definitely a vehicle coming their way . 
 no other car had passed them since the old truck . 
 paul whistled to get everyone 's attention and pointed in the direction of the noise . 
 they were waiting by the side of the road as they saw a white 1958 chevy bel air four door sedan slowly climb the hill . 
 he knew even from this distance the cars particulars - even the license plate number . 
 soon matt and meredith where jumping up and down . 
 the others looked at them quizzically . 
 matt and meredith ran to their dad and wrapped their arms around him . 
 amanda moved back from the crowd , but paul gathered her into the group . 
 this was an event for all of them to share . 
 the bel air pulled up to a stop and switched off the engine . 
 paul walked over and opened the driver 's door . 
 the driver leaped out and hugged paul . 
 ed looked on in amusement . 
 `` do n't tell me , your brother ? '' 
 `` the one and only . 
 general , may i introduce doctor john ewing , lately of eugene , oregon . 
 and that looks like my nephew , isaac , riding shotgun , '' paul said proudly . 
 `` boy , you 're hard to find . 
 luckily we ran into someone in an old ford flatbed that recalled talking to you . 
 from his description , i figured it was you . 
 the yellow tape on the five mile markers confirmed it , '' john said . 
 as john climbed out of the old chevy and stood , amanda stared at the giant before her . 
 she turned to paul as the others all busily hugged each other . 
 `` you never said you had a giant in the family . 
 and why does john have a different last name ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 `` my mom was married before she met my dad , '' paul explained . 
 `` john 's father was killed in a bar room fight while he was still a baby . 
 my mom moved back to bruneau . 
 my folks were old school friends and my dad raised john as his own . '' 
 `` i can tell the gene pool was different . '' 
 `` sore subject . 
 john is 6 ' 5 '' while i top out at six feet even . 
 the high school basketball loved him . 
 at least i got the hair gene , '' paul smiled . 
 amanda ran her fingers through his hair as they both stared at the bald head of his half brother . 
 `` and i 'll take hair over giant anytime , '' amanda said . 
 they walked over and joined the others . 
 paul fell into telling their personal stories of survival , as the rest all broke out the food and water isaac took out of the trunk . 
 after paul 's story , john started his . 
 the cme had hit as expected on pine mountain , but he had already left . 
 with a two to three hour warning , he had called isaac to put their plans in motion . 
 john and isaac had worked on their survival skills over the last few years so things were ready . 
 but first john 's wife , mary , had to be diverted . 
 john called her with a bogus errand to run for him . 
 while she was on the phone , he gave her one last chance to change her mind . 
 they had argued numerous times over what they should do in the event of societal collapse . 
 she had always remained adamant that she would not leave her sister and father in oregon . 
 she even said at one point that she was n't sure if she wanted to survive if society went over the cliff . 
 after enough arguments over the subject , john let his wife have her choice , but he was n't about to let his three kids risk the same fate . 
 that was why he only told isaac . 
 he was n't sure that his daughter brittany would leave her mom . 
 john and isaac had worked up the ruse for brittany that their grandfather had taken ill and that they needed to head to idaho right away . 
 mom would follow them later . 
 isaac was familiar with the old family car . 
 the chevy bel air had been john and paul 's father 's car forty years ago . 
 like all good idaho farmers , he had parked it in a shed years ago when the newer car came home . 
 eventually it had stopped working , but he had never sold it . 
 when paul and john started preparing , they both realized the value of the old chevy . 
 they refurbished it with new tires , hoses , a battery and a little work on the engine . 
 john had taken it to eugene , as he had the furthest distance to go to their father 's ranch . 
 located in bruneau , idaho , about seventy miles south of boise , the ranch had everything they would need . 
 located by the bruneau river , they had a source of fresh water and hydro power . 
 since bruneau was south of the snake river in desert country , there were n't any nearby population centers to contend with in a crisis . 
 and the best part about bruneau , having grown up there , john and paul knew most of the people in the area . 
 they were all hard-working folks that would defend their property . 
 the kind of neighbors you needed in a time like this . 
 `` so you got everyone to bruneau ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` mary still did n't want any part of it , but i got the kids all loaded and on their way before i told her . 
 she was angry . 
 i told her she could catch them and meet us outside bend . 
 the pulse had n't hit yet so her toyota prius was still working fine , '' john said . 
 `` and no mary ? '' 
 `` we waited at the pine mountain turnoff on highway 20 ` til the pulse hit . 
 we ditched my state-issued university pickup . 
 we had to change out the points on the chevy like we figured we 'd have to do . 
 then we all headed over to idaho , '' john said . 
 `` brittany was pissed and probably still is , but mom is dealing with her . 
 i left tyler in charge with dad . 
 we siphoned some gas out of the dead cars and headed up here . '' 
 `` did you go through mccall ? 
 we heard it was bad there . '' 
 `` so did we . 
 we came around through murphy and up to weiser to avoid any boise spillover . 
 payette was a little dicey but we waved our guns out the window and the surly ones backed off , '' john said . 
 `` i think we 'll head home through emmett and cut across the farmland to marsing . 
 then back to murphy and bruneau . '' 
 `` wait . 
 did i hear bruneau ? 
 i need to get to boise right away , '' the general said . 
 `` we can get you to boise , but first we need to get the kids safely to bruneau . 
 i have n't asked , but where are your grandkids parents ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 he dreaded the answer . 
 ed 's eyes began to mist up as he fought back the tears . 
 `` my only daughter and her husband had finally saved enough money to take their dream vacation . 
 they were in italy when this all happened , i 'm afraid . '' 
 everyone stood quiet with the realization of their probable fate . 
 europe would be in turmoil and they were strangers in a strange land . 
 who would take them in and feed them ? 
 paul wondered . 
 `` well then , the grandkids can be safe at my parents ' house until they get home , '' paul lied . 
 `` then we 'll get you into boise . 
 they 'll be perfectly safe in bruneau ` til things settle down . '' 
 ed wiped away the tears that had run down his cheeks . 
 paul could tell he knew the truth of his daughter 's chances , but he agreed that the grandkids should be out of harm 's way . 
 he would be busy getting civil order back to idaho . 
 chapter 7 tasman sea , near new zealand the tasman sea had been relatively calm for this time of the winter . 
 the seas had been routinely in the ten-to-twelve foot swell range with winds in the moderate squall rate . 
 with thirty-to-forty knot winds pushing the forty-foot cheoy lee sailboat , the leffingwell family was making a fast crossing without any mishaps . 
 the two older boys had adjusted to life at sea and stood watch during the daylight hours . 
 this left desmond to take the night watch . 
 he did n't mind as he got to finally sleep on a routine basis during the day . 
 only the two young daughters were still suffering from bouts of seasickness . 
 desmond and marina were worried about the youngest , jamie . 
 while carole was finally eating and keeping food down , jamie still heaved up almost everything that she ate . 
 her body wasted away from what had been a healthy ten-year-old girl when they had left . 
 motion sickness patches seemed to help a little , but drugged her so badly she could barely move . 
 `` we need to get jamie off this boat soon , or i 'm afraid she 'll ... '' marina said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 desmond cut her off . 
 he knew that she could n't last with no nourishment . 
 `` the last fix put us within two hundred miles off the cook straits . 
 at the rate we 've been going we should reach the south island tomorrow . '' 
 `` are you nervous about entering the strait ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 it 's notorious for its wind . 
 i feel better that i 've sailed out of nelson before when we 've visited . 
 spending time on a boat up around abel tasman national park helps . 
 i 'm at least familiar with the landmarks , '' desmond said . 
 `` but that was in summer when the weather was calm , and we were in protected waters most of the time . '' 
 `` i know , marina , i know . 
 but we have to pray that this weather holds . 
 if we get a storm in the strait , we might get blown straight through into the pacific ocean , '' desmond said . 
 the two remained quiet as they sipped their tea . 
 michael was at the helm with his older brother standing watch with him . 
 desmond had just checked on the two boys to make sure they had their lifelines securely attached to the boat . 
 `` land ! 
 i see land . 
 off the starboard bow , '' noel yelled . 
 desmond ran up the companionway ladder and into the cockpit . 
 noel handed him the binoculars he had been using . 
 michael kept a tight grip on the wheel as another twenty foot swell rolled under their stern . 
 desmond fought to maintain balance as he scanned the horizon where noel pointed . 
 as the swell lifted the bow , the boat lurched to port . 
 desmond lost his balance and started to fall as the boat leaned to his left . 
 he reached out to grab something , but found nothing but air . 
 as he realized he was going over the side into the rolling sea , he threw his arm up and caught the lifeline that was stretched around the gunwale on the boat 's stanchions . 
 his forearm caught part of the taut wire . 
 noel dove across the cockpit to tackle his dad around the legs to hold on to him . 
 desmond 's tentative hold on the wire was n't enough to keep him on board . 
 he had forgotten to attach his personal lifeline as he ran up onto the deck and now he was about to pay the price . 
 as the big sailboat continued to roll over , desmond went over the side , head first . 
 noel fought to stay with his father as he joined his dad in the rolling sea . 
 the boat quickly sailed on as noel 's lifeline played out and then snapped tight . 
 noel dug his fingers deep into his dad 's legs and held him against the pull of the boat . 
 it seemed forever , but finally the pull on the rope slackened . 
 desmond reached around and grabbed his son 's upper harness and pulled up face-to-face . 
 desmond saw the fear in his son 's eyes as noel wrapped his arms around him . 
 at sixteen , desmond suddenly realized that the little boy that he had raised had turned into a man . 
 noel 's death grip on his dad showed the strength his body had been developing . 
 desmond smiled at his son to relieve some of the tension . 
 desmond 's thoughts now turned to the difficult task of getting both men back into the boat . 
 in a calm sea , a stern ladder would be lowered and both swimmers could simply climb back in . 
 but in the middle of the tasman sea in winter conditions , the job was significantly more difficult . 
 michael had performed yeoman work in tacking the big boat into the wind . 
 with the sailboat now luffing , the line connecting them to the boat was n't pulling them under as it had been . 
 desmond saw that michael had pulled the rescue sling out of its holder and attached it to the boom . 
 he remembered , desmond thought . 
 they had practiced water rescues while sailing off perth over the years in different conditions . 
 but today was the most extreme conditions his son had ever faced . 
 and the risks were the highest . 
 the cheoy lee luffed into a thirty-knot wind . 
 the sails flapped violently as the boat pitched with each swell . 
 it was a very dangerous position to have the boat in . 
 the boat was essentially sailing backwards as marina now kept the rudder steady while her son worked on the rescue . 
 the sling was lowered and desmond climbed in . 
 michael hit the winch handle and cranked with all his strength . 
 desmond felt himself slowly being raised when the boat pitched over a swell . 
 suddenly desmond was twenty feet in the air as the boat 's bow pitched down . 
 then just as suddenly he was back in the water as the bow raised up the next wave , but luckily he was still in the rescue sling . 
 as the boat moved over the next swell , michael reached over and grabbed his father and pulled him into the cockpit . 
 noel was still being pulled along behind the boat and was starting to look blue from the cold ocean water . 
 desmond helped michael lower the sling to his brother . 
 noel put the sling around him . 
 desmond flew on the winch to pull his son aboard . 
 finally all were back aboard , shivering . 
 `` you idiot ! 
 you could have died just now , '' marina yelled at her husband . 
 `` how could you come out on deck without your lifeline ? '' 
 desmond did n't respond . 
 he knew he had screwed up . 
 if not for noel 's quick action , he knew he would be lost at sea right now . 
 the chance of finding a swimmer in this kind of sea was infinitesimally small . 
 by the time the crew turned the boat around and tacked back to where they thought the person had gone overboard , the current would have changed everything . 
 `` son , thank you . 
 you saved my life . 
 and michael , good ship handling . 
 you kept everyone safe today , '' desmond said . 
 after his wife had stormed below in anger , he added . 
 `` now go below and get warm , noel . '' 
 desmond sat down and took the wheel from michael . 
 bringing the boat back around on course , his hands were still shaking from the near-death experience . 
 he stared straight ahead as he contemplated the fate god had almost dealt him . 
 `` dad , '' michael said quietly . 
 `` please do n't do that again . '' 
 `` michael , the sooner we 're off this boat , the sooner i 'll be happy . '' 
 `` dad , i saved these . '' 
 michael held up the waterproof binoculars . 
 luckily they had only fallen into the cockpit as desmond went over the side . 
 `` now , where was i ? '' 
 desmond asked as he double-checked that his lifeline was securely attached . 
 lifting the glasses up , desmond made out a glimmer of land . 
 as he studied the outline , he remembered the small outlying islands at the entrance to the cook strait . 
 these appeared from their shape and location to match up with the chart in the cabin . 
 he decided to wait a bit to go check , as marina was still banging pots together below . 
 it was the next day before they were fully into the strait . 
 the weather held and desmond had slackened the sails during the night to make sure they made land in the daylight . 
 with no navigational aids working , he had to sail by dead reckoning now . 
 ruataniwha inlet was just north of collingwood . 
 desmond had sailed on a friend 's boat out of cranberry marina , so he was familiar with the inlet . 
 but in winter , it would be tricky . 
 the sand bars and currents would be different from when he had been here last . 
 desmond made out the headlands near the inlet . 
 he scanned the area for activity but no one was visible . 
 he had hoped that maybe someone would be out fishing in the inner portion of the inlet . 
 someone that could warn him off any hidden dangers . 
 but with no one to help , desmond prepared the boat and crew for the final run of their journey . 
 the excitement was palpable as everyone wanted to get off the boat . 
 but no one was sure what awaited them on shore . 
 it had been over two weeks now since the lights had gone out . 
 was this part of new zealand safe to land ? 
 desmond questioned . 
 had he brought his family to a place worse off than where they had been ? 
 worry flooded over him as he lined up the cheoy lee to enter the inlet . 
 things worked splendidly as the big boat was soon inside the break of the inlet . 
 with no functioning motor , desmond had to work the sails to move the boat up to the marina . 
 he spied an open dock on the outside which would give him the best opportunity for a clean landing . 
 as he tacked , desmond noticed life in the form of two people heading toward the dock . 
 michael and noel stood by with bow and stern lines as desmond made one last turn . 
 he quickly pulled the cleat to release the main sail and the big sail fluttered down into marina 's grip . 
 she gathered it up and put bungee cords around it for security . 
 losing way , desmond released his jib line and the sail flapped into the wind . 
 carole worked the roller reefing and took in the sail . 
 the boat very slowly slid into position against the dock . 
 the two boys jumped onto the dock and secured the sailboat . 
 `` very good seamanship , captain , '' one of the people desmond had seen approaching said . 
 `` thank you , '' desmond responded . 
 `` i 'm desmond leffingwell . 
 my folks live over in aorere . 
 can you tell us what is happening here ? 
 we just sailed from perth to escape the troubles . '' 
 `` must be bad indeed for you to risk the tasman in winter with your family , '' the man said . 
 `` things are pretty quiet here in spite of things . 
 life just got a little more simple for folks around here , is all . 
 and no tourists coming through town heading up on the heaphy . '' 
 desmond recalled his time hiking the heaphy track . 
 it headed over the mountains to the west coast and then headed south for a few days . 
 it was the only place in new zealand that grew bananas , and was immensely popular with young travelers , he thought . 
 `` can we leave the boat here for a bit ` til we figure out things ? '' 
 desmond asked . 
 `` you 're right . 
 no worries mate . 
 although we did have a bloke steal a sailboat about a week ago . 
 have n't the foggiest where he was headed , '' the man said . 
 they spent the rest of the day working on the boat . 
 they dried out the sails and stowed them below . 
 they closed up the sailboat and put additional mooring lines on for extra protection . 
 they did n't think they 'd need the boat again , but one never knew . 
 * * * the next day the leffingwells gathered up their personal belongings and set out on the twenty-five kilometer hike to aorere . 
 desmond thought they could make it in one day , with him carrying jamie . 
 with the boat in the inlet , she had been able to eat finally , but her strength was gone for any arduous task . 
 as desmond placed her on his back , he realized just how thin and frail she was . 
 grandma would be happy to stuff her when they got there . 
 five hours later , the family trudged the last kilometer to the family farm . 
 desmond looked up to see his dad walking toward him . 
 everyone picked up the pace to greet grandpa . 
 `` son , i 'm so glad to see you here safe , '' leslie said as they met in the road . 
 `` dad , you do n't know how glad we are to be here . '' 
 `` well , come up to the house . 
 grandma has food ready . 
 word arrived by bicycler yesterday . 
 figured you 'd be starving , '' leslie said , with three grandkids hanging on him . 
 `` and it 's great you 've all come to visit . '' 
 he looked at his son with a startled expression when he caught sight of jamie . 
 desmond returned the look of concern . 
 `` we 'll be right . 
 i hope your food supply is full as always . 
 you might tell we 've missed a few meals lately . '' 
 `` got plenty . 
 you know your mother . 
 always busy in the kitchen , canning and baking . '' 
 as marina carried jamie the last bit to the house and the other kids ran ahead , leslie said . 
 `` but son , it 's bad out there . 
 real bad . '' 
 `` grandfather 's been on his short wave set then ? '' 
 desmond asked . 
 his grandfather was a world war ii veteran . 
 he had been a radioman in the new zealand royal air force and had seen action on guadalcanal when new zealand sent its forces there in support of the u.s. marines fighting the japanese . 
 he had continued his interest in radios throughout his whole life . 
 desmond recalled sitting at his grandfather 's old shortwave set talking to people from around the world . 
 `` granddad 's old set survived ? '' 
 `` no transistors . 
 built long before they existed . 
 all tubes and hard-wired . 
 thing hums to life whenever the wind blows and we have extra electricity , '' leslie said . 
 `` so all your old equipment made it , too . '' 
 `` i had a new inverter that fried itself to death . 
 i just got the old one out of the shed and rewired it up . 
 everything works like you remember it . 
 never upgraded any of it , except for that bloody inverter . 
 some fool down at nelson told me i could be more efficient with it , '' leslie said . 
 `` so , how bad is it ? '' 
 desmond carefully asked . 
 `` granddad has his regular contacts and about half are still on the air . 
 the big city operators are the ones missing . 
 from the guys in the country we get reports of thousands of people drifting out from the cities , looking for food and safety , '' leslie said . 
 `` we knew perth was going to be bad . 
 that 's why we left . '' 
 `` good thing you did , son . 
 we contacted a ham operator in walpole . 
 you know , down on the south coast from perth . 
 granddad talked to him and i guess perth is a ghost town now . 
 the few people that are getting through to walpole report armed roadblocks all the way , with the locals trying to keep all those people out of their area . 
 i imagine there 's not enough food for the locals , never mind all the people escaping the cities , '' leslie said . 
 `` it was picked clean by the time we left mandurah . 
 i can only imagine now . 
 and what are they all going to do ` til the summer gets here and they can plant new crops ? '' 
 desmond asked . 
 `` starve . 
 or kill and steal from the few that prepared , i 'm afraid , '' leslie said . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're home . 
 you and the boys can help with the local security here . 
 all the people in the area have banded together to help each other out . 
 we 've had a few city people escaping wellington , but getting across the strait has kept most of them up north . '' 
 `` and auckland ? 
 i remember granddad had a war buddy up there somewhere , '' desmond said . 
 `` yes , he has a farm outside whakatane . 
 he 's still on the air . 
 reports people roaming the countryside . 
 says not too many from auckland have made it that far south yet . 
 i 'm sure they 're still eating their way through the farms around hamilton , '' leslie said . 
 `` but the folks around whakatane are getting ready . 
 they 've set up their security and have put up roadblocks . '' 
 desmond realized that the rural people were just as at risk as the city dwellers . 
 most families relied on the grocery store for their weekly supplies . 
 once they were cleaned out , the supply chain had stopped deliveries of new food . 
 while the farms of new zealand produced a lot of food , individual farms did n't regularly store large quantities on site . 
 the local farms did have their cows , sheep , chickens and other animals to carry them through the winter , but the supply was finite , and if the animals were all killed for food , there would be no stock to breed new animals . 
 and with no refrigeration , a butchered animal had to be consumed right away or it would spoil . 
 cooperation between farms was needed to use their animals in an efficient way . 
 having outsiders kill off the herds would only lead to starvation for all . 
 hence , leslie 's talk of local militias forming to protect their area . 
 `` dad , we 'll lend a hand . 
 i 'm just glad they did n't stop us from landing here , '' desmond said . 
 `` oh , if you did n't have family here , you would have been asked to leave . 
 we 've had a couple of sailboats pull in here that did n't know anyone . 
 they were asked to leave after we gave them a few days food supply , '' leslie said . 
 `` and they left willingly ? '' 
 `` one boat started to resist . 
 the local display of weapons , with the look that we were prepared to use them , persuaded them to move on , '' leslie said . 
 `` you did n't see the armed guards that were watching you land . 
 the two that met you were there to determine your status . '' 
 desmond thought back to their landing . 
 it had seemed very quiet . 
 too quiet , as he now knew . 
 `` the world sure changed two weeks ago . '' 
 `` you have n't seen the real change yet . 
 i 'm afraid the worst part is still ahead of us , '' leslie said . 
 the two reached the safety of the family home . 
 leslie opened the door to let his son inside . 
 laughter rolled out the door , as four children busily gathered around their grandmother . 
 things were safe here , at least for now , he thought . 
 chapter 8 state capitol building , boise , idaho `` i call this meeting to order . 
 let the minutes show that the idaho working group of the american states security compact is in session . 
 as outlined in the charter of the assc , we are responsible in times of national disaster to oversee the continuation of a civil society here in idaho . 
 governor , it 's officially all yours now , '' the idaho governor 's chief of staff said as he opened the meeting . 
 paul and ed sat at the table waiting for the governor to begin . 
 they both knew that idaho had taken action to protect the state 's power grid and civil society in general . 
 when the congressional commission on electromagnetic pulse had issued their report in 2002 , everyone expected the federal government to act quickly to protect the nation . 
 the emp report outlined the effects of an emp/cme event . 
 the number that stuck out over everything else was an estimated ninety percent fatality rate for america . 
 as the report stated , an event would mean that of the roughly 300 million people living in the united states , 270 million would die from violence , starvation or lack of medical care . 
 the federal government had digested the total report and by 2007 had done nothing . 
 whenever an action was introduced in congress to widespread support , representatives would attach riders to the measure , pushing funds for alternative energy or some other popular-sounding spending scheme . 
 after five years of inaction , idaho state officials had decided to stop waiting . 
 the governors of idaho and montana were the initiators of an intermountain states agreement . 
 the two states agreed to work together to solve problems from an emp event . 
 wyoming and utah soon joined in the effort , and by the end of 2007 a common approach had been reached . 
 the four states outlined several additional things that would happen over the next four years . 
 first was the establishment of a tax credit in each state for the power utilities to harden their generation facilities , power lines , transformers and control units . 
 this technology had existed for decades , ever since the military had discovered the emp effect of nuclear weapons . 
 military hardware was routinely hardened to protect it from attack . 
 the will was needed to spend the money to add protection to the power grid . 
 paul had estimated that the typical idaho household would spend thirty cents extra each month for a protected system . 
 next , the four states began requiring all trains passing through their jurisdictions to be hardened . 
 shielding was added to protect the vital electronic parts in the locomotives . 
 the railroad companies again were won over with tax credits for their efforts . 
 trucking companies were also added to the list requiring them to harden their rigs against attack . 
 with power and transport protected , work began on keeping the food production functional . 
 again tax credits were offered to farmers to harden their farm equipment against an electronic pulse . 
 each state set up and trained inspectors to make sure that trains , tractors and trucks were in compliance for their earned tax credit . 
 the last major thing that was needed was a source of oil to keep the four states operational . 
 the governors sent a delegation to north dakota to appeal to them to join their effort . 
 with the huge oil and natural gas discoveries in the state , north dakota and eastern montana would supply the fuel , diesel and natural gas to move and heat the five states . 
 north dakota was ready to join and brought south dakota along with them . 
 the six states all signed a new intergovernmental agreement setting up the intermountain state security compact or issc . 
 that was when paul and ed had met each other . 
 both were on idaho 's working group , evaluating the state 's effort in reaching its goals . 
 much had been done to prepare for the day the sun attacked earth . 
 at least part of the country might survive . 
 for general ed gale , commander of the idaho national guard and dr. paul kendall , economic advisor , it had been a quick one-day stay in bruneau . 
 both men had gotten their children and grandchildren settled onto the kendall ranch . 
 paul 's dad had shown him the supply of food they had stored around the farmhouse and root cellar . 
 it would be needed along with a number of farm animals on the ranch to survive the coming ordeal . 
 besides paul 's two children and ed 's two grandchildren , john ewing had brought his three kids . 
 he had also brought julie , one of his students at pine mountain . 
 she was a university of oregon student from the east coast . 
 all the other staff and students were from the pacific northwest and had quickly made plans to walk or bicycle home . 
 but john could n't bring himself to leave julie , as he knew she would never make it back to her home . 
 she was happy to have a safe place and showed her gratitude by taking on the duty of watching the small kids . 
 along with paul 's parents was paul 's grandfather , all living in the old homestead . 
 amanda 's presence made a total of fifteen individuals sharing the space . 
 everyone squeezed into the rooms as best as they could , all glad to be together . 
 everyone , that is , except john 's daughter brittany . 
 she was still mad that her mother had been left in eugene . 
 no amount of explanation could convince her that her mother had chosen to stay behind . 
 being around her cousins and grandparents helped her adjust , but a lingering rage at her father simmered below the surface . 
 consequently , john volunteered to drive paul and ed into boise . 
 amanda joined them on the pretext of returning to her job as the meridian mayor 's assistant . 
 ed was antsy to get to national guard headquarters , and upon arrival , discovered that the governor had convened a meeting of all his top officials . 
 boise was quiet at the moment and the four traveled to the statehouse . 
 amanda and john were sitting in the back of the meeting room when the governor gaveled the meeting open . 
 `` ok , i need some answers . 
 i see we finally have general gale here . 
 good to see you survived , ed . 
 where are we with getting security in place ? 
 there are still too many reports of mob attacks coming in , '' the governor said . 
 `` governor , i only briefly checked in at headquarters before i came here . 
 i 've been two weeks getting back to boise from the salmon river . 
 i can personally report that there are mob attacks going on . 
 dr. kendall and i fought one off near riggins . 
 but there 's also citizen security in some towns . 
 our veterans are stepping in the breach and putting valuable experience on the line , '' ed said . 
 `` good , we need more of that . 
 i want you to get the word out that we need every veteran in the state to volunteer . 
 all of our efforts over the past four years will amount to a hill of crap if the criminals take over , '' the governor said . 
 `` dr. kendall , i 'm glad to see you lived through the experience . 
 i 'm expecting answers on how we get our economy back up and running . 
 we need to show we 're in control and things are getting better . '' 
 `` we 're way ahead of those states that did nothing to prepare . 
 even the states that are the last ones to join our compact will be ahead of those still waiting for the feds to finally respond , '' paul said . 
 the original six states had been joined in 2009 by nebraska , oklahoma and kansas . 
 in 2010 , the states of texas , arkansas , mississippi , alabama , tennessee , kentucky , iowa , north carolina , south carolina , west virginia , and louisiana had all inquired about joining . 
 they soon passed the necessary legislation to be admitted by the following year . 
 at that same time , arizona , nevada and the canadian province of alberta had sought admission . 
 arizona was a problem since it was n't contiguous to any other member state . 
 if nevada joined , that would solve arizona 's problem , but nevada balked at the member states policy that only priority facilities would be served with any limited electrical power . 
 since casinos were way down the list of essential services , nevada was reluctant to join . 
 alberta was assured that in any emergency they would be included , but the member states were reluctant to enter into any international agreement which would assuredly raise strong objections in washington , d.c. alberta went ahead and passed all the same requirements as outlined by the issc . 
 manitoba and saskatchewan soon joined alberta in a three-province consortium . 
 by the time of the sun 's attack , colorado , new mexico , virginia and florida were the only holdouts in forming a continuous area from the old south through the intermountain west that was protected from the cme . 
 even parts of other states had seen the action being taken by their neighbors and attempted a local solution . 
 the state of oregon made no official effort at protecting anything . 
 however , the local county governments of eastern and southern oregon worked with their utilities to strengthen their local power grids . 
 northern california , always at odds with the powerful legislature in sacramento , followed the local oregon counties lead and worked to improve their power grid . 
 parts of virginia , new mexico , colorado , ohio and indiana all saw independent local communities working hard to protect their citizens in spite of a lack of foresight by their state governments . 
 even parts of northern florida saw local governments work for their own protection . 
 but the northeast was ripe for disaster . 
 an area stretching from minnesota through michigan , illinois , new york , maryland and new england had state governments that put their faith in federal action . 
 equally dependent on a federal response , the west coast was stymied when the cme hit . 
 all were to feel the full brunt of the emp . 
 `` i 'm afraid that sid smith did n't make it back . 
 his plane was scheduled to fly from new york to boise on p-day , '' the governor said . 
 `` p-day ? '' 
 paul leaned over to the woman sitting beside him . 
 he forgot her name but knew she had been at these meeting from the beginning . 
 `` pulse day . 
 just our little abbreviation , '' she offered . 
 paul turned back to the governor 's remarks . 
 `` as you 'll recall , sid was my science advisor and was instrumental in getting many of the protections in place that we have . 
 he will be missed , '' the governor said . 
 he bowed his head and everyone joined in a minute of silence . 
 many people had been killed outright when their planes lost power in flight and had plummeted to the ground . 
 paul shuddered at the thought . 
 `` mr. governor . 
 might i suggest a top person here that might be willing to fill in until a new science advisor is named , '' ed said . 
 paul looked at him in surprise . 
 `` dr. john ewing is an astrophysicist with the university of oregon , but he grew up in idaho , so we wo n't hold the oregon thing against him . '' 
 `` dr. ewing , please come forward . 
 are you willing to join our advisory group until we find a replacement ? '' 
 the governor asked . 
 john walked up to the table . 
 `` governor , whatever needs to be done , i 'm at your disposal . '' 
 john moved to the spot offered . 
 `` ok , let 's go around the table and everyone give me a five-minute picture of where we 're at , '' the governor started . 
 the first was general gale 's adjutant . 
 he had attended the meetings in ed 's absence and gave the security report . 
 the search and rescue units of each county had been activated and had seen good response . 
 some members had stayed home to protect their families , but the majority had reported . 
 now armed with personal weapons , these units were the local security needed to help the police and sheriff 's offices maintain control over the criminal elements . 
 the adjutant continued reporting that road blocks had been set up at the predetermined positions to stop people from wantonly roaming through the state . 
 this limited any armed gangs from wandering around the state and confined them to known areas . 
 regular troops were being brought in to deal with these threats . 
 troops were being moved on the local trains and trucks still running . 
 if not killed outright , any criminals arrested were transported back to secure holding facilities . 
 after ` the pulse ' , the governor had immediately declared martial law for the state , so anyone disobeying the law could be incarcerated immediately . 
 `` mccall is being brought back under control . 
 we have had quite a problem up there , but it appears that the few remaining thugs have escaped up into the hills . 
 that may work until this winter . 
 if they come down , i think the locals can handle it , '' the adjutant finished . 
 next to report was the communication advisor . 
 she reported that the state phone system was slowly coming back on line . 
 the state of idaho had worked with the phone company to have a limited hardened switching capacity ready . 
 consequently , the state was in contact with local county officials soon after p-day . 
 `` yes , i got a call through to helena yesterday . 
 and the lines to cheyenne and salt lake city are open , so we 're in touch with our adjoining states . 
 i can report that our phone tree with all twenty states is generally working . 
 news is a little slow to get here , due to only one person to report to , but we have at least some picture of the situation in each state , '' the governor added . 
 the food advisor stated that with the hardened local trucks , food was being distributed to local schools where food centers had been set up . 
 an inventory of all the food in the state was almost complete , and as long as people did n't get tired of potatoes , there was enough food to get through the winter . 
 but everything depended on the safety of the trucks delivering the food . 
 if the system broke down because of security , then people were going to suffer . 
 `` and northern idaho , any reports ? '' 
 the governor asked . 
 `` as we discussed long ago , northern idaho is untenable . 
 with no natural barrier between spokane and idaho , we knew mobs of people would flee the city and head into the rural parts . 
 we 've set up secure lines along the montana-idaho border because of the mountains . 
 also , the clearwater river line is defended and we 're ready to blow the bridges at the first sign of trouble , '' the adjunct offered . 
 the adjutant added , `` eastern oregon has performed admirably . 
 they have communication by shortwave radio with our headquarters and they have taken steps already to cut off access from the willamette valley . 
 the john day river bridges have been blown and the columbia and snake river bridges from washington are out . 
 southwest washington and eastern oregon have thrown their lot with us . '' 
 `` that 's good news . 
 if portland and seattle send their millions our way , we 're all dead . 
 we barely have enough food to take care of our citizens . 
 but remind the front lines that any veterans or people with essential skills like farming or machining skills should be considered for admittance , '' the governor said . 
 paul sat and looked at amanda . 
 he could tell by her facial expression that she was taken aback by the governor 's pronouncement . 
 it was a shock . 
 already , americans were turning on fellow americans in a race for survival . 
 paul saw the irony in it all . 
 eventually , a people get the government they deserve , he thought , as he remembered one of his favorite political quotations . 
 and now it played out on steroids . 
 political correctness had taken over in places like portland and seattle . 
 along with other big liberal cities around the world , time and money had been wasted on alternative energy , light rail , and other liberal ideas . 
 now those same people were being robbed and killed by all the criminals on whom they had spent so much energy trying to understand and rehabilitate . 
 idaho and the other issc states had set a goal that they would not suffer a similar fate . 
 along with protecting the power grid and transportation system , the states had made plans for securing the nonproductive population of each state . 
 while an emp or cme event had spurred on the issc states to act , the ongoing financial crisis in washington d.c. had also motivated many in those states . 
 with the federal debt out of control , the more conservative states realized that the federal government would face bankruptcy in short order . 
 when the latest federal budget had to borrow half the amount to meet its obligations , the member states knew that their preparations for an emp would also come in handy if the country collapsed into monetary chaos first . 
 with over half the population in the country receiving some type of government largess , when the money stopped arriving , many of those people would strike out at their fellow citizens . 
 the sun had struck first and now the dependent class was striking out at their neighbors . 
 the fabric of civil society had been torn wide open as the criminal class attempted to take over . 
 `` general gale , i want to emphasis that any outsiders attempting to force their way into idaho shall be met with as much force as we can apply . 
 also , we need to support our friends in eastern oregon and washington as much as possible . 
 they are our first line of defense . 
 we need that buffer from the big cities to the west , '' the governor instructed . 
 `` you can count on it , sir . 
 any word on our overseas troops making it home ? 
 we could use those experienced troops right about now , '' ed said . 
 `` i 'm afraid the feds have been non-communicative lately . 
 from reports out of northern virginia , washington d.c. is a burning hulk . 
 the potomac river is the border now between anarchy and what passes for civilization these days . 
 i 'll keep you informed , '' the governor said . 
 the remaining advisors finished their reports . 
 the advisor for the power utilities received applause when he announced that idaho power would be returning electricity to the boise area on a limited basis today . 
 the other more populated areas along the snake river would be back on line within a week . 
 when initial word had been received of the major coronal mass ejection aimed at earth , idaho power had pulled the plug . 
 that is , they shut the system down and disconnected as much as they could . 
 this saved much of the system from the overloads that could destroy components . 
 along with equipment hardening , this effort had saved much of the state 's power system . 
 it was kept shut down while the sun continued to throw large cmes at earth . 
 the northern lights that had illuminated paul 's journey provided the indication as to when the sun would return back to normal . 
 once the northern lights had disappeared over idaho , it was assumed that it was safe to bring the grid back on line . 
 everyone turned to john for confirmation . 
 `` not to put you on the spot , dr. ewing , but are we safe to start things up ? 
 or is the sun likely to hit us again ? '' 
 the governor asked . 
 `` not likely , but no guarantee , '' john answered . 
 `` the last cme event this large was right before the civil war . 
 written accounts report the northern lights were visible all the way down into virginia , but back then the only electrical device was the telegraph . 
 the written accounts do n't mention recurring flares , so we can assume that the sun has released its pent-up energy and will settle into a quiet period . '' 
 `` but no guarantee ? 
 that 's not encouraging , '' one of the advisors quipped . 
 `` we could get everything back up , only to go through it all again . 
 and this time without the early warning that the satellites provided . 
 they got fried in all this , too . '' 
 `` you want a different answer , get a different science advisor , '' john threw back . 
 `` if you want total assurances , you could take the state back to the 1880s . 
 or , alternatively , manufacturers could spend a little more money hardening everyday electrical equipment . 
 we got complacent . 
 we wanted our cheap cell phones and cheap plasma tv 's , not worrying one bit about what lurked out there . '' 
 `` gentlemen , i 'm sure we 'll look at all those issues in due time . 
 but right now , we 'll take the chance and get the grid back on line . 
 that will go a long way in getting things under control , '' the governor said . 
 `` governor , we need to discuss one more item . '' 
 the state health officer said . 
 `` the policy of detaining people currently on psychotropic drugs . 
 these individuals are not dangerous to society because of their medication , but those supplies will be running out soon . 
 are we going to locate and detain them prior to them acting out ? '' 
 this had been a touchy subject in the past . 
 people with mental disorders that would have required imprisonment in previous years now walked among the general population , due to mind-adjusting drug therapy . 
 but with a lack of a drug supply , to have a person suffering psychotic attacks loose among society was only asking for trouble . 
 `` yes , we need to review all drug records . 
 general , work with public health in locating all those individuals and placing them in confinement . '' 
 ed acknowledged the order and looked at the public health officer . 
 paul noticed the public health official was genuinely holding back her desire to protest . 
 in liberal states , such action would never even be contemplated . 
 but in idaho , reality ruled over political correctness . 
 where political correctness had won the day , people were dying violent deaths from those wrong-headed decisions , paul thought . 
 paul knew that the power could n't come back on soon enough for some people . 
 he knew that type one diabetics were doomed . 
 once their fragile medicine had gone to room temperature , the shelf life was severely shortened . 
 but that was only one of the issues faced by diabetics . 
 the disabling of factories that had made the medicine meant that once the current supply was gone , diabetics would start dying . 
 others that were dependent on modern medicine for continued life would soon follow . 
 renewed electricity would help kidney dialysis patients , but lack of sterile needles would subject them to infections . 
 without new antibiotics from those same closed factories , people would die from untreated infections . 
 in fact , hospitals were generally useless until the whole supportive infrastructure was reestablished . 
 as supplies ran out , doctors were limited to medicine as practiced in the 19th century . 
 all the modern breakthroughs in medicine were dependent on a highly advanced society . 
 while idaho and its member states would survive , it would be some time until a modern society could again support such advances . 
 as the meeting ended , the idaho governor walked over and shook john 's hand . 
 `` thanks for volunteering under these circumstances . 
 my chief of staff will fill you in on what we need you to do . '' 
 the governor 's chief of staff took dr. ewing aside and began outlining his new duties . 
 the governor walked to where paul talked to amanda . 
 `` dr. kendall , i was hoping that you could help me with another matter , '' the governor said . 
 `` i 'm afraid that my liaison for local governments is n't going to make it back from her vacation . 
 she took a vacation to peru and was there on p-day . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that . 
 she was one of my students at ise , '' paul recalled . 
 `` yes , i hope she finds assistance to survive . 
 but i 'm in need of someone to take her place until she makes it back to us , '' the governor lied . 
 paul knew the chance of his assistant ever being seen again were slim to none . 
 `` i had hoped that you had a bright young person that could fill in . '' 
 `` governor , let me introduce amanda savage . 
 she is one of my former star students who just happens to be the assistant to the meridian mayor at present . 
 we were just about to give her a lift out there . '' 
 `` ms. savage , a pleasure . 
 if i clear it with the mayor , can you switch your duties and help us out ? '' 
 `` governor , if my mayor says fine , it would be an honor to serve the state in whatever function you need , '' amanda responded . 
 the governor was buttonholed by another advisor and was led away on another pressing problem . 
 `` thanks , i think , '' amanda said to paul as they headed to the exit . 
 `` i 'm sure the transfer is just a formality . 
 meridian is not about to say no to the governor in this situation , '' paul said . 
 paul and amanda met up with john and all three headed to the old chevy . 
 as they walked toward the car , paul and john fell behind amanda . 
 paul quietly said to his brother , `` john , before heading back to bruneau i want to check on my ex-wife . 
 i need to be able to tell the kids she 's ok . '' 
 they left the secure parking lot of the state capitol building and headed up 8th street toward the boise hills drive . 
 when paul 's ex-wife had left for greener pastures two years ago , she had almost immediately hooked up with an investment banker from one of the big firms out of new york city . 
 susan had finally reached the wealth threshold that had eluded her from being married to a college professor . 
 the big house on the hill overlooking boise was her new perch to survey all that she had accomplished . 
 paul gave directions to john as they climbed the hill through homes of ever-increasing size and opulence . 
 they finally reached a quiet cul-de-sac built on a ridge high above the city . 
 paul motioned to pull into a driveway . 
 a large stucco palace of a house with a tile roof loomed over them . 
 a four-car garage was open and the cars were still in their place . 
 susan 's boyfriend collected vintage cars and the two extra spots held a 1968 mustang almost identical to the fastback model that steve mcqueen had driven in the movie ` bullitt ' . 
 right beside that was a 1957 thunderbird that could have been a copy of the one from the steven spielberg movie with harrison ford . 
 what was the name of that movie ? 
 paul thought as he climbed out of the car . 
 paul looked in both cars and realized that they must have both been updated with new electronics , otherwise they would be gone . 
 his mind avoided the coming encounter with his ` ex ' . 
 thinking about old movies helped with the transition , as paul walked up and noticed that the front door was open . 
 it had been busted in , the casing hanging where the dead bolt had torn the wood off the wall . 
 paul hesitated . 
 this was n't good , he thought . 
 he called for anyone as he stepped into the large two-story foyer . 
 he froze . 
 hanging in front of him was the bloated body of susan 's boyfriend . 
 at least it looks like him , he thought . 
 from the look of things , he had been put into a noose tied to the chandelier and tossed off the upper balcony . 
 he had definitely been tortured before being thrown off the second floor . 
 someone very angry had taken care to inflict as much pain on this guy before ending it , paul thought . 
 then paul saw the scrawling on the walls . 
 ` blood sucker ' , ` scum ' , ` thief ' , ` where 's our money ? ' 
 , ` helter skelter ' , ` die scum ' and ` bastard ' were some of the less profane words written in spray paint . 
 obviously some of the clients of this investment banker had sought revenge from the 2008 economic collapse that had taken the united states closer to the brink . 
 then the smell hit paul . 
 the decaying body fouled the whole house . 
 paul pulled his shirt up over his nose as he carefully moved further into the house . 
 he was scared of what he would find in the further recesses of the large house . 
 paul checked the first floor and found no more bodies . 
 he headed up the rear stairs to avoid the grisly sight in the front . 
 checking the numerous bedrooms confirmed that all the rooms had been trashed . 
 broken debris was strewn everywhere . 
 entering the master suite through two large french doors , paul held his breath . 
 the stench was overpowering as he walked into the massive room overlooking the magnificent view of boise . 
 paul paid no attention to the sights and focused on following the smell emanating from the bathroom . 
 he pushed the door open and suddenly wished he had n't . 
 the woman that he had once loved and that had given birth to his two children was barely recognizable . 
 paul turned and vomited on the floor as the disturbed flies buzzed around him . 
 he almost collapsed on his knees as the strength in his body left him shaking . 
 he stepped into the hallway to an open window to take in some fresh air . 
 he stood and thought about the people that would do this sort of thing . 
 paul had also been outraged at the federal bailouts given to wall street in the wake of the supposed ` banking crisis ' . 
 as a trained economist , paul knew that the federal government had set the banks up to fail by allowing them to change from highly regulated banks into high-flying investment banks . 
 wall street had taken greed to an extreme . 
 when their house of cards had begun to collapse , they had run to washington , d.c. to get handouts for their excesses . 
 hardworking americans lost billions while wall street recovered their losses . 
 it was criminal what had been done in the name of ` saving the banking system ' . 
 paul had spent many days explaining to his students that the basis of ` capitalism ' was that it was a system of rewards and punishments . 
 if someone had a better idea and succeeded wildly , they were entitled to keep the majority of their earnings . 
 but on the other hand , if someone acted on stupid ideas and lost , they should be forced to accept their losses . 
 that was what kept everyone honest and careful . 
 the risk of losing everything was the key to capitalism . 
 when that risk was removed by interfering governments , then people naturally extended their risk out to infinity . 
 at least the big , well-connected risk takers continued , paul thought . 
 no one helped out the small investor with their losses . 
 but now paul stood in the blowback of those government interruptions in the market . 
 he sure did n't condone what had happened here , but he definitely understood the rage . 
 he even carried a set of playing cards that spoke volumes of his understanding of his ex-wife 's murder . 
 following the example of the iraq war criminal playing cards , someone had manufactured a set labeled , ` american treason playing cards ' . 
 but instead of saddam hussein and his fellow minions being on each playing card , the image of the people responsible for america 's financial collapse had been printed . 
 individuals like hank paulson , bush 's treasury secretary , and ben bernanke , fed chairman , were just two of the fifty-two people highlighted . 
 paul especially liked barney frank , congressional finance chairman , as the queen of hearts . 
 while these two bodies were not part of the fifty-two listed culprits , they were the result of angry americans seeking revenge . 
 and from the looks of the wall safe sitting open and empty in the bedroom , paul surmised that the perpetrators had sought retribution in many forms from their investor . 
 paul turned to leave and ran into a very distraught woman in the hall . 
 `` amanda , i told you to stay in the car . 
 what are you doing up here ? '' 
 `` who is that person ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 amanda asked , as tears were running down her cheeks . 
 `` is there someone else in there ? '' 
 `` do n't go in there . 
 we need to get out of here right now , '' paul said as he led her down the back stairs . 
 they went out the back door and walked around the outside of the house to avoid the front foyer . 
 paul led amanda to the car and then turned to look around at the other houses on the dead-end street . 
 all of them had their front and garage doors open with assorted debris strewn over the front lawns . 
 `` please wait here , amanda . 
 i just want to check a couple of the other houses , '' paul said . 
 he quickly ran to some of the other houses and looked inside . 
 he sprinted back to the car and said to his brother , `` let 's go , john . 
 there 's nothing we can do here . '' 
 `` do the other houses look like this one ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 `` worse , '' was all paul said . 
 he did n't elaborate with details . 
 some of the other homes had children that had been victims to the class warfare so evident in this neighborhood . 
 the democrats had used class envy to stir the public into class warfare when it came to taxes . 
 now the results of that rhetoric came home to roost in the deaths of the wealthy . 
 `` worse . 
 how could it be worse than what i saw ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 her voice trembled in fear as she said it . 
 `` trust me , it 's worse . 
 do n't ask me to explain . 
 you 've already seen more than you should have , '' paul said . 
 `` i 'm afraid we 're going to see a lot of this , '' john said . 
 there was a tone of resignation and determination in him as he said it . 
 chapter 9 eugene , oregon at the same time , three hundred miles to the west , events were playing out very differently from those in boise . 
 eugene , oregon was a mid-sized university town at the head of the willamette valley . 
 pioneers had crossed the country in covered wagons to settle its broad valley in the 1800s . 
 productive farms and industrious communities had grown along the length of this fertile region . 
 with a moderate climate and good soils , western oregon became the center of population for the large state . 
 combined with timber from the vast swaths of towering douglas fir trees , wealth had gathered in the three principal cities of portland , salem and eugene . 
 but things began to change in the 1980s . 
 the wealth that had grown a robust economy had been attacked by liberal elements in the state . 
 first tree cutting was reduced and then almost eliminated . 
 then ocean commercial fishing was curtailed . 
 soon ranching was deemed to be destructive to the environment by the big city voters who now controlled the state . 
 a wave of industry leaving the state for locations less restrictive in environmental and labor regulations did n't phase the liberals . 
 the joke among many was that their goal was to turn the entire state of oregon into one large national park . 
 high unemployment had plagued the state since the 2008 recession . 
 many simply enjoyed staying home on the generous benefits handed out by the state and federal government . 
 unfortunately , no one offered a policy change to stimulate investment in industry to create jobs . 
 when ` the pulse ' hit , like everywhere , oregon 's society stopped . 
 lacking adequate planning or preparation , the state soon succumbed to basic individual survival for the majority of its citizens . 
 only in the far eastern and southern counties had any preparation for an emergency been made . 
 there , the local county governments had taken steps to harden the local electrical grid . 
 but the liberal cities to the west had been busy social engineering . 
 only the expense on improved bike paths could be considered helpful now , as people soon repaired their old bicycles for transportation . 
 the first month had seen life change forever for most people in eugene . 
 the food supplies were quickly stolen and the gun stores pillaged . 
 when that food ran out , the guns went to work . 
 but unlike idaho and other parts of the intermountain west , eugene was now in the hands of individuals conditioned by years of government handouts . 
 when the handouts stopped , the same crowd took to the streets to make sure the ` rich ' people paid their dues to the ` poor ' . 
 eugene had been the site of a large ` occupy eugene ' movement . 
 made up of retired old hippies and radical ex-students from the university , the ` occupy ' crowd had demonstrated for months before ` the pulse ' , against the ` 1 % ' who they felt owed the other ' 99 % ' . 
 now that societal collapse had arrived , they took their ideology to heart and began a systematic looting of the ` wealth ' of eugene . 
 the banks and large companies were the first to burn . 
 then the shuttered fast food restaurants were found guilty of ` turning america fat ' and burnt to the ground . 
 local police were nowhere to be found , as they stayed home to protect their families . 
 soon , individual neighborhoods became war zones , as the ` occupy ' crowd headed up into the south hills to extract tribute from the ` rich ' . 
 this led to the few conservative neighborhoods building barricades and setting up defensive zones for self-protection . 
 john ewing 's wife , mary , was in one such neighborhood . 
 after her three children had abandoned her , she sank into despair . 
 she thought of leaving , but by the time she had decided to follow them to idaho , ` the pulse ' had removed that option . 
 running battles throughout the city kept people hunkered down trying to protect their homes . 
 in the second week of the mayhem , early one morning , there was a knock at her door . 
 it was one of the neighborhood guards , armed with a rifle . 
 how could this all be happening ? 
 she thought as she carefully opened the door . 
 standing beside the guard was her brother-in-law , dwight barnes . 
 `` mary , pack your bags . 
 we need to get you out of here . 
 rumor is that your neighborhood is next on the list , '' dwight said . 
 `` but we are n't rich . 
 everyone in this neighborhood works for a living , '' mary said . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 the radicals have burnt out all the neighborhoods in the hills . 
 now they 're heading here . 
 they 're just looting and raping anyone they can get ahold of , and there 's too many of them for your neighborhood guards to fight off , '' dwight said . 
 mary went into her bedroom and grabbed the backpack that john had made up for her long ago . 
 it had the basics for life in one easy pack , except for the gun john had tried to place in the bag , which mary had refused . 
 but she had kept the pack handy . 
 she slung it onto her back and headed to the front door . 
 she turned to lock it . 
 `` do n't bother . '' 
 mary 's eyes began to tear up as her brother-in-law led her across the lawn and headed down the street . 
 it would take them most of the day to walk to dwight 's farm in pleasant hill . 
 he had a friend waiting with a boat on the other side of the willamette river to ferry them to safety . 
 local farmers had used some explosives to drop the highway 58 bridge into the river . 
 this action cut off access from eugene into their quiet farm community . 
 once on the other side , mary would be safe from the ` occupy ' people laying waste to eugene . 
 by late afternoon they had reached the river . 
 eugene had been quiet as they made their way out of town . 
 the radicals all seemed to be sleeping off their actions from the night before . 
 mary had passed whole streets of smoldering house foundations , evidence of the looting taking place . 
 `` how can this be happening ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` where are the police ? 
 does n't anyone care about their neighbor anymore ? '' 
 `` it 's survival time , mary . 
 people are getting hungry and desperate . 
 just be glad that we 've been getting things ready out on the farm for years . 
 it will be safe there . 
 our neighbors are all reliable , '' dwight said . 
 after crossing the river , they helped the man carry his boat up behind some brush for concealment . 
 then thanking him , mary and dwight headed east toward the farm . 
 another two hour hike would take them up lost creek road and the safety of the farm . 
 mary 's sister and her two children would welcome them there . 
 as dwight crested the top of the last hill , he saw what he feared most . 
 smoke from several locations in the distance climbed into the sky . 
 he judged one fire was near his farm and his pace quickened . 
 mary had to jog to keep up . 
 as they moved quickly down the hill and into the valley , dwight suddenly stopped . 
 mary almost ran into him as she stopped behind him . 
 both stood still and listened . 
 a lack of motor vehicles that could run due to ` the pulse ' made the noise very noticeable . 
 it was the sound of numerous engines coming their way . 
 dwight grabbed mary and ran off the road and into some brush . 
 he pulled her down and waited . 
 the roar grew as the approaching machines came closer . 
 mary trembled in fear as she awaited their arrival . 
 soon , motorcycles could be seen through the thick brush as they roared up the road . 
 one by one they flashed by the hidden hikers . 
 each motorcycle had bags tied to them on the rear . 
 pillage , mary thought . 
 the world is ending . 
 she closed her eyes to keep it all from her . 
 `` come on . 
 we need to hurry , '' dwight said . 
 mary opened her eyes wide with the realization that her sister and family were at risk . 
 she ran to catch up with dwight as they hit the road , this time with trepidation . 
 rounding the last turn before the farm , it became evident that the bikers had been there . 
 dwight 's neighbor 's house burned wildly . 
 dwight ran to his mailbox and turned up the long gravel driveway . 
 trees blocked a direct view , but mary saw the smoke rising over the trees . 
 she ran as fast as she could behind dwight . 
 as mary came out of the trees she saw her brother-in-law on his knees holding a body . 
 she stopped . 
 the house was consumed in flames and three lifeless bodies littered the front yard . 
 she slowly walked up to dwight . 
 he held her sister . 
 beside the dead body of his wife , his two sons were dead , lying face down . 
 `` oh no , '' mary burst . 
 `` how could anyone do this ? '' 
 she fell down and screamed into the ground . 
 dwight slowly cried beside her as he held his dead wife . 
 he mumbled as he rocked back and forth . 
 the night settled over the two as the fire slowly faded . 
 the flickering light from the consumed house spilled over the scene . 
 when the sun rose , nothing would ever be the same for the two living souls . 
 chapter 10 bruneau , idaho `` now hit this switch . 
 ok . 
 that 's good . 
 go ahead and depress the button on the mic , '' grandpa paul said as he instructed his great-grandson , matt , on the use of his 1942 vintage us army surplus shortwave radio set . 
 they had been at it for about an hour and matt was finally ready to reach out . 
 `` w7qf6 . 
 this is matt calling . 
 over . '' 
 `` right w7qf6 . 
 we read you 5 by 6 . 
 this is noel here in new zealand . 
 over , '' noel answered the radio call on his great-grandfather 's british army issue war surplus shortwave radio set . 
 `` noel . 
 it 's great to meet you . 
 my grandfather has told me all about your family . 
 how is it there ? 
 are you all safe ? 
 over , '' matt said . 
 the connection between the leffingwells and the kendalls went all the way back to 1942 . 
 great-grandfather leffingwell had been a radio operator with the new zealand royal air force when the united states marines went into guadalcanal to fight the japanese . 
 new zealand recognized that these americans were defending new zealand and australia from the advancing japanese tide and units of the new zealand royal air force were offered in support . 
 the marines , short on everything in the solomon islands , took all offers of help . 
 the fighters sent to guadalcanal included their own ground support team . 
 so connor leffingwell found himself sitting next to a marine radio operator , paul kendall sr. , paul 's grandfather . 
 the two became lifelong friends through the experience . 
 their radios had kept them in touch over all the years . 
 now , with connor 's wind power keeping him on the air and paul sr. 's micro-hydro generator in the bruneau river for power , they carried on their friendship . 
 even paul 's father , vern , had spent two trips in the 1970s in new zealand , hiking and bicycling . 
 vern had stayed at the aorere farm and knew the area well . 
 he had even hiked the heaphy track with desmond 's father , leslie . 
 now matt and noel were extending this family connection . 
 in his excitement matt forgot to wait for an answer . 
 `` we 're safe here . 
 at least so far . 
 things are bad to the west of us near the big cities . 
 how about you ? 
 over , '' matt said . 
 `` we 're right here . 
 but things are bad on the north island . 
 big cities , like you said . 
 but i 'm just glad to get out of oz . 
 over , '' noel replied . 
 the two continued the exchange until matt 's grandfather gave him the sign that the batteries were getting low . 
 they signed off , but not before promising to stay in touch each week . 
 paul walked into the room . 
 he and amanda were back in bruneau after their meeting with the governor and the nightmare at the banker 's house . 
 he still had n't found a good time to tell his children that their mother was dead . 
 `` have you got your chores done , son ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` yes , dad . 
 that 's why grandpa paul got me and put me on the radio , '' matt answered . 
 `` well , see if you can raise idaho guard headquarters . 
 the governor was leaving me a message there , '' paul said . 
 matt turned the dial to the setting listed on the sheet taped to the front of the radio . 
 he radioed in his call sign and the idaho guard came on . 
 `` this is dr. kendall . 
 do you have any messages for me ? 
 over . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 you are to report tomorrow to the capital building . 
 and be prepared for four days travel . 
 there 's also a request that a ms. savage accompany you . 
 over , '' the radio man said . 
 paul signed out and turned off the radio . 
 he went and found amanda and told her she had a new job . 
 the message brought a smile to her face , realizing it would mean the two of them would be working together . 
 paul smiled back . 
 `` say , i bet you could use a good hot bath , '' paul said . 
 amanda lit up at the suggestion . 
 since the river , she only had enough time and hot water for sponge baths . 
 everyone had been using the small black solar hot water heater bags made for outdoor trips . 
 `` i 'll get my things . 
 where is this miracle bath ? '' 
 `` meet me at the back door . 
 i 'll show you , '' paul said , as he headed to get a towel and some clean clothes . 
 they both headed out the back door as the sun set across the bruneau river valley . 
 paul grabbed a lantern as they went by the horse barn . 
 he opened the corral gate , let amanda through , and then closed it again . 
 on the opposite side of the corral he repeated the procedure to let them into the rear pasture . 
 but as he did , he turned an old idaho car license plate over , covering up the numbers . 
 amanda watched quizzically , and then followed paul as he led her into the pasture . 
 ahead lay an old shed sitting below a small hill . 
 as they came around the back of the shed , an old claw foot bathtub was revealed . 
 it sat on a concrete slab out in the night air . 
 an old 2 '' pipe sat beside it , running water . 
 the pipe came out of the ground not twenty feet up the hill , and splashed onto the concrete slab as it created a small stream that flowed down the hill toward the river . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 `` the old family hot tub , '' paul answered , as he moved the pipe into the bathtub . 
 the flow was strong enough to quickly fill the oversized tub . 
 the overflow splashed over the rim and hit the slab . 
 `` it 's artesian , no pumps and it runs about 106 degrees all year . 
 the whole bruneau valley is sitting on hot water . 
 it 's almost impossible to drill a well and get cold water here . '' 
 `` it looks big enough for two . 
 can we both fit ? '' 
 `` i thought you 'd never ask . 
 growing up we never got to partner up in it , '' paul said . 
 they both began to undress and hung their clothes on hooks on the side of the shed . 
 amanda carefully walked over and climbed into the tub . 
 `` no one will bother us , will they ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 `` the tradition is to turn the license plate over if the tub is in use . 
 we 're fine , '' paul said . 
 `` oh , that was what that was about . 
 well , i would have loved to see you as a little kid in here . 
 how cute , '' amanda said . 
 `` look at those stars . 
 without any lights they really shine , '' paul said . 
 `` it 's so romantic . 
 if reality was n't so close , i could just stay here all night , '' amanda said . 
 she slid under the water cascading out of the large pipe . 
 `` you need to put all of that out of your mind . 
 right now is our time . 
 just enjoy the moment , '' paul offered . 
 he pulled her onto his body as the two formed a spooning . 
 amanda laid her head back as paul caressed her body . 
 they had n't had much personal time since that night on the middle fork . 
 the two made up for lost time . 
 realizing that they were approaching prune status from soaking in the hot water for so long , they climbed out of the tub . 
 paul reached for his large towel and wrapped it around him . 
 amanda wrapped up in her towel . 
 `` oops , sorry . 
 i did n't know anyone was here , '' matt said as he walked around the corner of the shed holding a lantern . 
 he had a towel in his hand ready for a bath . 
 `` matt , '' paul bellowed . 
 `` the occupied sign was turned . 
 you should have seen that . '' 
 paul knew that matt understood the routine from many trips to visit his grandparents . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 i kinda forgot . 
 sorry . '' 
 matt quickly turned and left . 
 `` i 'm sorry about that . 
 he knows better , '' paul said . 
 `` that 's ok , '' amanda said . 
 `` i 'm afraid he 's seen us in this position too much lately , '' paul said . 
 he thought back to what he might have seen way back on the river . 
 `` then maybe we should do something about it , '' amanda said . 
 `` what did you mean by that ? '' 
 paul asked , his curiosity piqued . 
 `` oh , we 'll see what will happen , dr. kendall , '' amanda replied . 
 now paul was really confused . 
 he had gotten very attached to this woman , but he still did n't understand why he was so lucky . 
 to have a very attractive , smart , accomplished woman fifteen years his junior interested in him baffled paul . 
 they dressed quickly and paul lit their kerosene lantern . 
 returning to the house they found john sitting at the kitchen table . 
 amanda took her leave and headed for their bedroom upstairs . 
 `` paul , you look like a prune . 
 in the tub , eh ? '' 
 john asked . 
 then , looking concerned at his brother asked , `` you have a minute ? '' 
 paul blushed slightly at his older brother 's comment . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` i ca n't sleep . 
 i keep thinking about what i did to mary . 
 what if she ends up like your ex ? 
 she 's stuck back there in eugene . 
 we both know that a liberal city is the last place you wanted to be in a time like this , '' john said . 
 `` look , brother of mine . 
 your wife and my wife were both sentient beings . 
 each was capable of reasoned decisions all on their own . 
 we put up with their women 's liberation crap all those years . 
 then when the going gets tough , they want their big strong men to protect them . 
 it does n't work both ways , '' paul said . 
 they 'd had this discussion before . 
 mary had resisted preparing and john had worked hard over the years getting things ready without her . 
 `` but what if she 's in trouble ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` you gave her every opportunity to join us here and she chose her sister and father over you and the kids . 
 as far as i 'm concerned , she can live with her decision now . 
 the world has entered a point in history where personal decisions mean life or death , '' paul said . 
 `` and there 's no guarantee that we 'll remain safe here . 
 we need to work hard to reestablish a civil society . 
 lord knows there 's plenty of uncivil elements out there . '' 
 john had the look of a beaten dog . 
 he sat in the kitchen with his head in his hands , contemplating what he had done . 
 paul stared at his big brother and got madder as he stared . 
 finally he could hold it back no longer . 
 `` look , john . 
 if it 's that bad , take the chevy and head back to check on her . 
 but do n't tell the kids , because they 'll want to go with you . 
 and you are n't willing to risk them , are you ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` your wife was willing and did risk your kid 's lives . 
 from what julie told me , brittany would have stayed with her mother if isaac had n't tricked her into coming . '' 
 `` what 's julie got to do with this ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` from the way she walks around following you , i think she has a lot to do with it . 
 she is looking for family right now like a lot of people . 
 you seem to be the one that has drawn her interest , '' paul said . 
 `` i could n't become involved with her . 
 she 's just a kid . 
 she was my student , '' john said . 
 `` and amanda was my student . 
 and julie is n't a kid anymore . 
 she 's an adult that is alone in a world that has been shattered . 
 she needs someone right now , and dear brother , i think you 're it . 
 you certainly could do worse , '' paul said . 
 `` well , you 're different than me , you and amanda . 
 i could never ... '' john said . 
 `` men and women are the same everywhere . 
 the emotions are what get in the way . 
 and the world we are entering is going to be one of more simple lives and relationships . 
 and children . 
 i have a feeling that the world is going to need a lot more children . 
 especially ones raised with a good understanding of hard work and the value of family , '' paul said . 
 paul got up to leave . 
 his brother needed to focus on the future , not on the past . 
 he walked by his brother and placed his hand on his shoulder . 
 he squeezed it to reassure him that he was there for him . 
 as he walked up the stairs to his bedroom , he passed julie coming down in her pajamas . 
 `` have you seen dr. ewing ? 
 he was n't in his room when i checked just now . 
 i 'm worried . 
 he 's seemed very distant since you came back from boise , dr. kendall , '' julie said . 
 `` please call me paul . 
 and call my brother john . 
 you 're not in class anymore , '' paul said . 
 `` he 's in the kitchen . 
 he needs you , but he ca n't let the past go right now . 
 be patient with him . '' 
 `` thank you , paul , '' julie said as she headed toward the kitchen . 
 paul said a little prayer that his brother could find solace with this woman and move into the new world that the sun had created . 
 * * * morning arrived with the family sitting around the kitchen table . 
 fresh eggs gathered that morning were being cooked along with bacon taken from the pantry . 
 the older children had been up at dawn to milk the cows and gather eggs . 
 the animals were all fed and put out to pasture when the adults got things going in the kitchen . 
 life now revolved around the daylight hours , just as humankind had done for thousands of years . 
 when the sun went down , people went to bed . 
 the light provided by kerosene lighting was adequate for some things , but for detailed things like reading or needlework , it was hard on the eyes . 
 so either you played cards or knit at night , or went to bed . 
 morning came early in the summer , and the days were long . 
 things were being done to get the farm ready for the winter . 
 with no mechanical assistance , cutting wood or preserving food was very labor intensive . 
 not that there was much wood to cut in bruneau . 
 the valley was next to the desert , with few trees . 
 luckily , the same hot water that heated the bath water had been piped through the house to provide warmth in the winter . 
 but two people were noticeably missing that morning . 
 john and julie were among the late risers . 
 `` julie never returned to her bed last night , '' meredith said . 
 she shared a bunk room with the young girls that included julie , meredith , brittany and ed 's granddaughter . 
 the four boys had a similar bunk room . 
 paul gave his daughter the ` do n't ask ' look and meredith returned to her breakfast . 
 as paul ate his food , his brother finally walked into the kitchen . 
 he walked over for a cup of coffee and sat down at the crowded table . 
 `` boy , i have n't slept like that for ages . 
 i forgot how good a night 's sleep makes you feel , '' john said . 
 two of the boys started to snicker at john 's comment . 
 paul shot them a glance that stopped it flat . 
 julie walked in sheepishly and sat down on a stool in the corner . 
 paul slid his chair to the side to make room and motioned julie to join the family at the table . 
 `` john , '' paul said . 
 `` amanda and i need to head into boise today . 
 we 'll take dad 's old ford pickup . 
 it seems to be running well now since isaac worked on it . 
 it will be safe at the secure lot while i 'm away , '' `` i 'll keep the batteries charged up , so we 'll be on the air each evening if you need to reach us , '' john said . 
 `` i 'll make sure everyone keeps up on their chores around here . '' 
 `` and julie , you double-check those batteries for john . 
 do n't let him overlook anything . 
 they 're critical , '' amanda said . 
 paul saw the small smile on amanda 's face as she said it . 
 then he felt a small tap on his leg under the table from julie sitting next to him . 
 he knew things would work out . 
 chapter 11 eugene , oregon -lrb- 3 months after p-day -rrb- the months since p-day had been a mean , viscous time in eugene . 
 those that were n't starting to die from the famine that was in full bloom were subject to death by violence . 
 a new threat had arisen in the area led by a thug who called himself chairman z. chairman z had suddenly shown up in the area two months ago and through guile and assassination had co-opted the ` occupy eugene ' gang . 
 his organizational skills had turned the mob into a semi-disciplined army . 
 the local biker gang had been the first victim of chairman z . 
 the bikers were cornered in creswell and sought a truce to discuss terms of an alliance . 
 assuming that one criminal gang could find common ground to work with a rival gang , the bikers felt that they could reach a compromise . 
 chairman z compromised right up to the point of machine gunning them to death as they emerged from their strongpoint . 
 other gangs soon fell under chairman z 's control . 
 regular people still surviving in pockets were soon overwhelmed . 
 chairman z 's forces cleaned out all the nearby holdouts and absorbed any food and weapons into their organization . 
 warlordism had arrived in the willamette valley . 
 as the winter approached , chairman z realized that the eugene area had been picked clean . 
 what crops had been growing had been harvested , but unfortunately the main crop in the valley had been grass seed . 
 edible crops had been a minority . 
 one of the strengths of chairman z 's command was his working shortwave radio . 
 he had shown up pulling a farm cart with an antique radio stowed in it . 
 now he was in contact with other areas , keeping these contacts secret so only he knew any vital information , except for one person who was his confidant . 
 she only went by the name ` the chairwoman ' . 
 no one knew her by any other name . 
 after one person who had asked a personal question met a quick death , no one ever asked again . 
 but chairman z and ` the chairwoman ' were obviously close . 
 and that closeness people soon learned could be dangerous , as ` the chairwoman ' was especially to be avoided . 
 her bursts of violence were even more savage than chairman z 's . 
 between the two of them , there was an ongoing argument among their followers as to which one was more dangerous . 
 `` i 've gotten word of supplies to the north of us . 
 we need to gather up as much gear and food as we can . 
 we 'll take the vehicles we have running . 
 tomorrow we will head toward salem . 
 we 'll see if there 's anything left in between , '' chairman z announced . 
 `` how far do we have to go ? '' 
 a soldier in the army asked . 
 ` the chairwoman ' descended on him in an instant . 
 others who had been standing beside the questioner moved quickly away . 
 a knife flashed against the man 's neck . 
 `` you do n't question orders . 
 your life is slime . 
 i should kill you as you stand , '' ` the chairwoman ' hissed . 
 `` stop . 
 let him live . 
 he fought well at creswell and for that he may live another day . 
 but make no mistake , any repeat of such behavior will be dealt with immediately . '' 
 `` yes , chairman z. i understand . 
 your orders will be carried out , '' the man sheepishly said . 
 the next day , over three thousand ` occupy eugene ' fighters and their followers gathered to leave . 
 there were n't enough vehicles for everyone to ride , so many had bicycles for the trek north . 
 all were armed . 
 some of the vehicles were stolen oregon national guard armored cars from the local barracks . 
 they added considerable fire power to the criminal army . 
 no tanks had been appropriated but the machine guns of the armored vehicles would carry the day against anything they would encounter . 
 the trip to salem took two days , but news of their impending arrival had hit earlier . 
 the local gang as well as the local people still alive all headed either east or west . 
 none wanted to stay to defend what little they had . 
 the ` occupy eugene ' army marched into salem to empty buildings . 
 everything that was worth something had been spirited away for safe keeping . 
 chairman z ordered his troops further north . 
 the area between salem and portland was productive farm country . 
 chairman z ordered his forces to spread out . 
 like a herd of locusts they cleaned the valley of anything of value . 
 what was n't removed was consumed . 
 reaching portland , the ` occupy eugene ' units had a brief firefight with the ` occupy portland ' crowd . 
 portland 's forces were less organized and felt the sting of a better commanded army . 
 heavy casualties resulted as ` occupy eugene ' took control of oregon 's largest city . 
 at least it had been the largest city once . 
 now , the 90 % fatality rate predicted by the emp commission was evident . 
 chairman z 's units scoured the city in vain for supplies . 
 `` there 's nothing left here . 
 you 've marched us one hundred miles to starve here , '' a unit commander shouted . 
 such insubordination could mean death . 
 but by the grumbling of the men , this was a common feeling . 
 chairman z had to be careful . 
 fear was only part of command . 
 if fear of death by starvation overcame their fear of him , chairman z knew he would be in trouble . 
 `` do you think i know nothing ? 
 this is not our final goal , '' chairman z shouted . 
 `` i knew portland would be picked over . 
 we head north still . 
 we will find plenty of supplies there . '' 
 the unit commander again pressed his resistance . 
 `` this is a wild goose chase . 
 chairman z does n't know squat . 
 we 're all going to starve . '' 
 a shot rang out as one of chairman z 's bodyguards put a 9mm round into the protesting commander 's head . 
 he crumpled to the ground . 
 other men with the bodyguard unit were strategically placed around the milling crowd of concerned troops . 
 `` now , anyone else want to complain about my command ? 
 speak up , '' chairman z yelled in defiance . 
 he knew he had to assert himself or die trying . 
 the crowd would cower with his armed guards standing by , but he knew that he would n't be able to turn his back on his men . 
 at least not until they arrived at their destination and the supplies he had promised materialized . 
 chairman z knew that his life depended on trusting the information that he heard over the shortwave radio . 
 `` all right tough guys . 
 you 've had your gripe session . 
 now return to your troops and get them moving north , '' ` the chairwoman ' commanded . 
 she shoved the two men in front of her and they quickly retreated from her wrath . 
 the group broke up and headed to their troops . 
 `` thanks . 
 i was n't sure whether they were going to turn on me or not . '' 
 chairman z whispered to ` the chairwoman ' . 
 he leaned in close to her and felt the hot breath of a psychotic killer on his cheek . 
 he knew he could only trust his ` number 2 ' so far . 
 any sign of weakness and she would turn on him . 
 `` you had better be right about seattle . 
 let 's hope there is food there or you 'll be the main course , and i 'll be the first in line , '' ` the chairwoman ' hissed . 
 chairman z knew she would follow through with the not-so-subtle threat . 
 they better show up , he thought . 
 chapter 12 cheyenne , wyoming the november wind blasted down from canada as the american states security compact -lrb- assc -rrb- gathered in the cheyenne convention center . 
 electrical power had been flowing fairly consistently for two months now . 
 that was at least true in the original six states that had been prepared the longest for the cme event . 
 the other fifteen states were in varying stages of being back on line . 
 texas seemed to be having the most difficult time getting back to normal . 
 with its large urban population , it had seen the largest disruption as millions of urban dwellers flooded into the countryside to seek relief from starvation and the violent mobs . 
 and to complicate matters , thousands of mexicans had headed north when the lights went out in an effort to grab the riches they knew were now unprotected . 
 the more rural states had advanced the furthest in returning their power grid to functionality . 
 no state was 100 % yet , but at least the basic services of life were being provided . 
 phone service had been restored on a very limited basis . 
 most personal phones were destroyed in the pulse . 
 the states themselves had installed hardened phone service so that communication within each state with its local governments was established . 
 with phone service possible , the railroads started moving again , using the electronically hardened engines the states had required years ago . 
 but traffic was limited to one train per section since the railroad computer control system had been cooked beyond repair by the sun 's supercharged electrical pulse . 
 train control was maintained by humans on phones as it had been done in the early 20th century . 
 once a train had cleared one section , a phone call confirmed the line was clear and a new train was sent through . 
 it was a slow process , but goods were being shipped around the twenty states to keep people supplied with the basics . 
 passenger cars had been added so that limited travel was possible by individuals that had to move around the assc area . 
 with no plane traffic and limited vehicle traffic , train travel again became the only viable option . 
 the 1890s were reasserting themselves . 
 trains operating meant fuel and food were being distributed to areas in need , as food centers were set up at each local school . 
 citizens in need of something to eat were assigned a state id and a school to report to for meals . 
 two meals a day kept the population alive . 
 with only the basic foods provided , no one got fat . 
 gone were the cokes and big macs that had contributed to america 's obesity epidemic . 
 limited calories provided at the feeding centers meant people were losing weight . 
 added to that was the fact that everyone now walked or rode a bike , making the side effects of ` the pulse ' actually positive in a perverse way . 
 with the situation stabilized , the governors had decided to meet to discuss their future . 
 along with the assc states , other governments had been invited that had been supportive of their effort . 
 `` i know you have your full report to present , but have you prepared a response to the issues we talked about ? '' 
 idaho 's governor asked . 
 `` governor , we 're ready . 
 i believe we have all the naysayers arguments covered , '' paul said . 
 `` i hope so . 
 texas has their fellow southern supporters hopping up and down over some of the policies outlined in our preliminary report , '' the governor said . 
 he referred to the meeting of the original six states two weeks after p-day . 
 paul had presented the work that the idaho school of economics -lrb- ise -rrb- had been working on for the past five years . 
 the directive of the school 's main benefactor had been to set up a school for the study of the issues that would be involved when a bankrupt united states finally collapsed . 
 as its first and only director , paul 's mission had been to study possible causes of america 's collapse and then design a government that would avoid such pitfalls in the future . 
 now his work was being considered by the assc . 
 but there was resistance . 
 many wanted to just move on with things as if nothing had happened . 
 their attitude was to fix the electrical grid and its associated parts and get back to normal . 
 `` if we can all sit down , we can get the meeting started , '' the montana governor said to his counterparts . 
 montana , as one of the original states in the group , had been elected to chair the meeting . 
 the delegates all took their seats around a large square table . 
 the official member states each had three seats at the table . 
 the observer states sat in a second row of chairs . 
 the governor continued , `` we 've called the roll and all are present . 
 i would also acknowledge representatives from north carolina , arizona , virginia , west virginia , nevada , ohio , indiana , oregon , and california . 
 and we welcome our friends from up north ; alberta , manitoba , and saskatchewan . '' 
 `` can we complain to the canucks about the dismal weather they 're sending us ? '' 
 the alabama governor said . 
 `` later . 
 i 'm sure they 're wondering about their choice of friends right now also . 
 i think we can be a little more polite to our canadian partners . 
 they 're in this with us and have been very helpful in making sure gas supplies got flowing quickly , '' montana 's governor said . 
 sitting next to the idaho governor , paul winced at alabama 's seeming lack of political tack . 
 he was n't sure if this mix of personalities would work . 
 he had read accounts of the first constitutional convention and the animosity that had been generated between divergent interests . 
 `` i 'd ask dr. kendall to present the first report , '' montana 's governor said , `` but before we hear from him , i want to emphasize why we 're here . 
 our so-called leaders in washington d.c. were well on their way to driving this country into the ground before we were knocked flat by the sun . 
 i think we all know it was only a matter of a few short years before investors would have stopped purchasing u.s. treasuries . 
 and when that happened , we would have been out of business . '' 
 the south carolina governor chimed in , `` hell , those investors did stop buying u.s. securities . 
 the federal reserve had to monetize the debt the last few years . '' 
 the missouri governor broke in , `` those damn fools were only concerned about their next election . 
 when half the federal budget was borrowed money , the shell game could only last so long . 
 the can you keep kicking down the road eventually hits a wall . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 and our wall came in the form of an electromagnetic pulse from space , '' montana 's governor said . 
 `` so we as a group need to determine if we try to resuscitate the dead pig in our yard , or start fresh with a new government . '' 
 there was a hush following those words . 
 the issue was finally thrown on the table . 
 while many of the member states knew the advantages of changing things , old traditions remained important . 
 especially to the former confederate states present . 
 `` you know , we tried that route once . 
 it did n't work out so well for us , '' the alabama governor said . 
 `` but not for want of trying , '' the georgia governor added . 
 `` i 'll remind everyone that my state was at the forefront of the founding of this country and compromised much with northern interests to make a united country . 
 many in my state at that time wished to avoid any connection with the north . 
 those concerns were brought home when they finally decided to leave in 1861 . '' 
 the south carolina governor joined in , `` damn right . 
 we were the first to say that washington , d.c. did n't represent us anymore , and all we got was yankees burning our farms and starving our people in return . 
 if we are serious about this issue , this is the time to address it . '' 
 `` gentlemen , we are not here to refight the civil war , '' the montana governor said . 
 `` war of southern independence ! '' 
 mississippi 's governor yelled . 
 `` i stand corrected . 
 excuse me for my impertinence , '' montana 's governor offered . 
 the frustration showed . 
 paul noticed the canadian representatives talking quietly among themselves . 
 he was confident that they were discussing whether they had made a mistake teaming up with this bunch . 
 something had better happen soon , or the meeting would collapse in disarray . 
 `` fellow delegates , '' idaho 's governor injected forcefully . 
 `` there is much history between everyone in this room . 
 i 'm sure our canadian friends could point out that the united states invaded their country multiple times . 
 we should recognize our past right now , but more importantly , we have a future to consider . 
 i suggest we attend to the business of securing a future for the citizens we represent . 
 if dr. kendall is ready , we need to hear from him . '' 
 the delegates simmered down as paul stood up and walked to the head of the table . 
 large flip charts were moved up by the staff for use in the discussion . 
 computer presentations were a thing of the past . 
 `` thank you . 
 as you 've all received my report from the first meeting , i 'll cover the highlights . '' 
 the entrance door suddenly opened and the security guard from outside stepped in . 
 the meeting stopped as they all looked in the direction of the disturbance . 
 `` excuse me , but a general gale is outside and he says it 's urgent , '' the guard said . 
 the montana governor motioned to admit the general . 
 general gale had traveled with the other idaho delegates to attend a separate meeting being held by the military commanders of each state . 
 they were to discuss security within the assc and the adjoining areas . 
 `` governors , distinguished guests . 
 i bring you news that has just been relayed from our shortwave network . 
 as you know , we have radio operators in different parts of the country and the world reporting on conditions in their area , '' ed said . 
 `` at great risk to themselves , they have remained in some of the hardest hit cities . 
 we have just heard from one of those operators stationed in the bay area . '' 
 `` general , before you tell us , are we confident of this operator 's information ? '' 
 the montana governor asked . 
 `` governor , we do n't have a way to confirm these reports , but other information received from this operator in the past has eventually been confirmed by other radio operators , '' ed answered . 
 `` good to know . 
 is this information suitable for all those present or should we only have the member delegates present ? '' 
 montana 's governor enquired . 
 `` everyone needs to hear this . '' 
 ed was emphatic in his answer . 
 the room grew tense in anticipation . 
 `` then please proceed , general gale . '' 
 `` we have received information that chinese troops and support personnel are landing in san francisco . 
 five large container ships have docked and are unloading food along with military vehicles , '' ed said . 
 the room went deathly quiet . 
 paul stood off to the side and observed the changed mood in the room . 
 quickly forgotten were the petty squabbles and political games that had tied the assc up in lassitude . 
 `` is the population fighting back to prevent this invasion ? '' 
 the kentucky governor asked . 
 `` fighting back ? 
 hah ! 
 these fine citizens of san francisco are welcoming them with open arms . 
 our radio operator read off the flyer being distributed around the city , '' ed said . 
 `` it says that china comes in peace to supply the basics of life to the people of california . 
 the security people they see are there to protect them from looters and criminal gangs . '' 
 the security guard again opened the hall door . 
 he held up a folded piece of paper for the general . 
 ed walked over and read the report . 
 walking back to the head of the table he said , `` i 'm afraid there 's more bad news . 
 radio operators in los angeles report chinese container ships unloading at long beach . 
 again , the citizens are welcoming them and lining up for the food packages the chinese have brought . '' 
 the meeting broke down with everyone speaking at once . 
 small discussion groups sprang up as the news was digested . 
 the montana governor sat down in frustration and let the members vent . 
 there was no point in trying to get them focused until they had time to realize what this news meant . 
 suddenly , ed had his shoe off and was banging it on the table . 
 everyone stopped and looked up at the general . 
 `` i 'm afraid that is n't the total report . 
 there 's more , '' ed said . 
 paul stood and looked at amanda what more could there be that would top a chinese invasion of california ? 
 he thought . 
 ed continued . 
 `` radio reports also show chinese ships entering seattle harbor and vancouver , british columbia harbor . 
 they are hitting the entire west coast . '' 
 this news hit like a second five-hundred-pound rock . 
 california was bad , but if the pacific northwest was compromised , the entire west coast of the united states was at risk . 
 `` how could they have so many ships working so soon after ` the pulse ' ? '' 
 the alberta provincial prime minister asked . 
 `` just like we did . 
 they anticipated and prepared for such a calamity . 
 north korea was developing the ability to launch a nuclear emp and the chinese would have been ready if that had been successful , '' ed said . 
 `` the chinese obviously hardened their ships for an emp attack . 
 when the sun beat their neighbors in north korea , they figured it was an opportune time to assert themselves on the world stage , '' paul answered . 
 `` with 1.3 billion people , many living in subsistence farming communities , an emp attack would n't cause a ninety percent casualty rate like it would in the united states . 
 china could have a fifty percent death rate and still have half a billion people . '' 
 `` and with the industrialized west devastated , it 's a great time for the chinese civilization to make its move to replace the west , '' ed said . 
 `` we 've focused on survival , not repulsing invaders . '' 
 `` imagine the consequences if the states represented here had n't taken the steps that we did take , '' paul added . 
 everyone knew that answer . 
 the twenty member states had each suffered under the effects of ` the pulse ' , but none of them had come close to the ninety percent death rate predicted by the congressional emp commission . 
 the rate varied from less than five-percent in rural states like montana and nebraska to the worse rate experienced , which had been in missouri . 
 civil disorder in the greater st. louis area led to the early estimates that missouri had suffered a thirty percent death rate . 
 compared to the states that had made no preparation however , missouri was paradise . 
 people fleeing the northeast portion of the country reported total collapse of all societal norms and subsequent widespread violence . 
 the northeast and the west coast were fast approaching the ninety percent rate that had been predicted . 
 and that was why the survivors were happily welcoming the chinese into their communities . 
 it meant food , security and survival . 
 no thought was given to any other issue . 
 for these people , the future was strictly where the next meal would come from . 
 the squabbling among the delegates suddenly stopped . 
 fierce determination ruled the remainder of the meeting , as all the delegates focused on the survival of their way of life . 
 math told the tale . 
 if china proceeded to ship one to two hundred million people to america over the next few years and the united states had lost one hundred million citizens in the wake of p-day , then its remaining population of two hundred million would be hard-pressed to hold the chinese at the continental divide . 
 `` where 's our military ? 
 why are n't they there to stop all this ? 
 the navy should be sinking those ships , '' the alabama governor said . 
 `` if i might answer that , '' general gale said . 
 `` a lot of the u.s. military is stuck overseas . 
 from my counterpart in virginia , he reports that members of the u.s. armed forces are more concerned about protecting their own families right now . 
 ships at newport news are sitting empty since their crews have fled back home . 
 i imagine it 's the same anytime a ship comes into an american port . '' 
 `` i can confirm that , '' the man sitting next to the texas governor said . 
 `` i 'm reserve air force . 
 our planes are sitting on the runways with no crews to fly them . 
 everyone bugged out when ` the pulse ' hit to check on their family . 
 the army bases in texas are the same way . 
 the only security they have right now are soldiers that had their families on base or nearby . '' 
 `` where 's the president in all this ? '' 
 someone asked . 
 through the three months of the crisis overwhelming the country , the president had been suspiciously absent . 
 everyone in the room knew of the lack of federal leadership over the past years . 
 that had been the reason some of the other states had banded together . 
 the governor of virginia , being closest to washington , d.c. , answered , `` when ` the pulse ' hit , washington turned into anarchy . 
 the federal troops , as was pointed out , were more interested in their own families ' safety . 
 few made it into the city . 
 the ones that did quickly left . 
 i 'm afraid the higher ups quickly left for parts unknown . 
 washington is now a smoldering graveyard . '' 
 `` i can attest to that , '' the west virginia governor added . 
 `` we sent our state 's militias into virginia to help hold back the wave of gangs trying to get out of the hellhole they had created . 
 the potomac river is n't wide enough in some places and it looked like lemmings rushing into the sea , but we held them , by god . 
 those damn people created this mess , they sure could live in it in the end . '' 
 `` yeah , i heard you captured about twenty people wanted for treason on those playing cards , '' the north carolina governor said . 
 `` got them locked up as we speak . 
 whatever government runs the place after this can deal with them , '' the virginia governor said . 
 `` so , we can assume no response will be forthcoming from the president on the chinese taking over part of our country then , '' montana 's governor said . 
 `` well , if he does respond , it 'll be preceded by a bow first . 
 that seems to be his style for showing diplomatic strength , '' the wyoming governor added . 
 `` he never seems to meet a foreign leader that does n't warrant a bow . 
 the man is a disgrace . 
 why are we pussyfooting around the subject ? 
 we have been abandoned to our own wits here . 
 if we are to survive as a country , it will start right here , right now . 
 and that includes our canadian friends , too . '' 
 the alberta minister gave a small wave of acknowledgement . 
 the canadian government had also been absent after ` the pulse ' . 
 reports out of eastern canada exposed a similar casualty rate to the american northeast . 
 the wyoming governor then added , `` i say we vote right now to expand our group to those states and provinces that have been here supporting the same goals that we have . '' 
 all in the room agreed by consensus and the observing parties were voted into the full assc . 
 new mexico and colorado were now the holdouts in a vast sweep of committed parties covering much of north america . 
 the member states would eventually need everyone on board to save western civilization on the continent . 
 chapter 13 south island , new zealand -lrb- 4 months after p-day -rrb- christmas day was fast approaching and that meant the beginning of summer was just around the corner . 
 it had been a wet spring on the south island and the cook strait had lived up to its reputation for wind . 
 the wind had kept the leffingwell 's home batteries fully charged so that noel had been able to use the shortwave radio consistently each evening . 
 with summer approaching , work around the farm had picked up considerably . 
 noel had his chores to do each day , but he saved time in the evening for his conversations with the friends he had made since ` the pulse ' . 
 but noel was concerned . 
 one of his new friends had gone off the air . 
 matt kendall in the united states had announced a month ago that he was joining the army . 
 he would no longer be around , but he had gotten his cousin , tyler , interested in taking over his duties . 
 noel dialed up tyler . 
 they had gotten used to the time difference , and both boys had adjusted their farm routine to meet at the allotted time . 
 both were sixteen , and each had a sister , so they had found common interests in life . 
 but today , noel had some disturbing news to pass on to his american friend . 
 noel had received with trepidation the news of chinese troops settling into the american west coast . 
 without british or american military might for protection , new zealand was vulnerable to a similar invasion . 
 the new zealand government had long ago cut back on defense spending . 
 gone was any semblance of the new zealand royal air force that noel 's great-grandfather had served with at guadalcanal . 
 also , almost gone was the new zealand royal navy . 
 the joke in new zealand was the ` one ship navy ' would protect the country . 
 with the army reduced to a battalion of soldiers , the kiwi 's now sat wondering if their country would survive . 
 the answer came soon after the chinese invasion of california . 
 accounting for time to allow the ships to return to china for a new load , the chinese soon showed their next move . 
 noel had continued contact with a radio operator outside perth who had been a mate of his dad . 
 the operator called in one night to announce that chinese ships were unloading troops and supplies in geraldton , four hours north of perth . 
 australia had maintained viable armed forces over the years , but like the united states , now lacked the personnel to respond . 
 aussie troops had headed home after ` the pulse ' to protect their families . 
 the few remaining skeleton units were quickly overwhelmed by the chinese military . 
 unlike america , the locals did not welcome the chinese with open arms . 
 in spite of australia 's misguided gun restrictions , armed resistance quickly developed . 
 but it was insufficient to slow the chinese advance down the indian ocean coast toward perth . 
 noel was excited to pass on this information when he depressed the microphone button . 
 `` w7qf6 . 
 aorere , new zealand calling . 
 over , '' noel said . 
 `` this is w7qf6 . 
 bruneau , idaho . 
 hey noel , great to hear your voice . 
 over , '' tyler answered back . 
 `` i 'm afraid i have bad news for you . 
 the chinese have invaded western australia . 
 they are almost in perth . 
 my friend there is escaping to the south . 
 over , '' noel said noel passed the radio to his great-grandfather . 
 on the other end , noel heard tyler handing the radio over to his own great-grandfather . 
 the two old veterans of world war ii jungle fighting were now in deep discussion . 
 `` them sons-a-bitches . 
 first america and now the aussies . 
 we should have finished them off back when we were loaded for bear , '' great-grandfather kendall murmured . 
 `` you got that right , mate . 
 stab you in the back , the bloody bastards , '' great-grandfather leffingwell concurred . 
 `` in our day , we would n't have stood for it . 
 bloody hell . 
 now we got latte stands but no one to defend them . 
 i guess all those smug city folk will be drinking tea now and acting like a stunned mullet . 
 wo n't know what happened . '' 
 `` pissants , all of them . 
 where are the marines when you need them ? 
 i 'll tell you where ? 
 they 're checking their diversity quotas . 
 and that 's after they ` do n't ask and do n't tell ' the jarheads to death , '' great-grandfather kendall said . 
 `` hold on , mate . 
 noel says there 's a call coming in from auckland . 
 be right back . 
 over , '' the kiwi said . 
 noel switched the dial and answered the call . 
 the room in aorere grew very quiet as the news from the north island was n't good . 
 in fact , it was catastrophic . 
 noel switched the radio back to the u.s frequency and called bruneau . 
 `` hi noel . 
 where 's your grandfather ? '' 
 great-grandfather kendall asked . 
 `` he could n't talk . 
 he asked that i relay this new information . 
 they 've arrived here , i 'm afraid , '' noel said . 
 `` the chinese are landing in auckland ? '' 
 tyler grabbed the microphone as his great-grandfather welled up in tears . 
 `` not chinese . 
 they said the chinese ships were carrying indonesians . 
 thousands of troops and supplies . 
 they 've already taken whangeria and are heading south toward auckland . 
 or what 's left of auckland , '' noel said . 
 he held back the tears as he spoke . 
 `` my friend said that the indonesians have made it plain that they 've come to stay and that we can just move or die . '' 
 the two boys signed off as noel 's great-grandfather returned to the room . 
 he held his hunting rifle in one arm and his shotgun in the other . 
 he announced that he and noel would be making the rounds to tell their neighbors of the news . 
 the south island would be ready when the invaders came . 
 * * * the news from down under stunned the room in bruneau . 
 they had been absorbed in their own predicament . 
 a quick calculation showed that the chinese seemed to have about thirty ships available for moving people across the pacific . 
 that meant about 150,000 settlers per month could be transported to the west coast , or almost two million a year . 
 and that assumed no other ships become operational . 
 isaac and matt had already answered the call for volunteers to enlist in the idaho state army . 
 general gale had received orders from the provisional government of the assc to form training camps and seek recruits . 
 the response had been overwhelming . 
 setting a goal of two divisions from idaho , recruits had been selected while the remainder were put on a waiting list for the next call-up . 
 veterans were given priority and general gale had quickly established a first-rate boot camp at mountain home air force base . 
 the federal military facilities had been under suspicion as to where their loyalties would lie . 
 the states in the assc were flirting with rebellion in many people 's eyes and the base commanders had kept their distance . 
 that had been the situation up until the u.s. president had finally appeared . 
 the president had shown up at plattsburgh air force base in new york . 
 although many in the country could not receive the speech due to burnt out radios , enough shortwave operators had received it for it to be widely distributed . 
 the president continued to blame his predecessor for the collapse of the country . 
 he charged congress and the three preceding presidents for failing to act on the emp commission report . 
 but it was when the president thanked china for coming to the aid of hard pressed americans that he lost all credibility . 
 when that message was received on the military bases around the country , the local commanders within the assc states got on the phone to their state governors and reported in for duty . 
 at military bases outside the assc states , planes and ships left their bases bound for bases within the assc states . 
 the plea of the president during his speech for all military units in the assc states to leave and report to loyal federal states was met with silence . 
 the united states was irrefutably split now , but the balance of power had shifted also . 
 with the high death rate in the former liberal states , the conservative states now held the majority of the nation 's citizens . 
 even the conservative states with large urban populations saw the majority of their casualties inside the urban areas , traditionally liberal bastions . 
 ` the pulse ' had rendered the united states a very different political animal . 
 while america had always polled over 50 % of the people conservative to 30 % claiming liberal persuasion , the influence of the big city media had kept the liberal democrats in power . 
 now that was all gone . 
 at the news of the chinese invasion , the delegates at the cheyenne conference had voted unanimously to move as quickly as possible to clear the intruders from north america . 
 now a month later , all the states in the assc were busy training recruits . 
 they were progressing on getting society back to work with improvements to the infrastructure . 
 there was much to be made up , but things were improving . 
 the resumption of electricity allowed businesses to restart . 
 america 's need for individual transportation was being met by entrepreneurs that were casting new intake manifolds for truck and car engines . 
 other manufacturers were producing carburetors . 
 the combination of the two got numerous vehicles back on the road . 
 the few remaining environmentalists complained about the increased pollution of these carburetor-equipped vehicles . 
 they wanted to wait for the electronic companies to return to manufacturing electronic fuel injection . 
 they were practically lynched on the spot by a crowd waiting for gasoline . 
 farms would come to life when spring planting season arrived . 
 the states had made sure that manufactures of the new engine components had the majority of tractors ready to go . 
 simple crystal radios became available so that people could receive news and music from the rebuilt radio stations . 
 the important parts of the economy were coming together . 
 transportation , communications , food , housing and water were all gaining ground . 
 while certainly not robust yet , at least it allowed people to build confidence that the assc states would return to normal . 
 but when news spread that new zealand and australia were suffering similar invasions , people took on a new resolve to defend their way of life . 
 `` general gale , i have the reports you wanted . 
 things are to the point that we can conduct operations as planned , '' the adjutant said . 
 `` very good . 
 our first round of recruits will be ready in march . 
 that leaves april to get them into their units and positioned for the start of the campaign , '' ed said . 
 `` my reports from the regular forces is that the air force has reached a thirty percent operational status and the army is at fifty percent . '' 
 `` you do n't expect to need them for the opening moves though , so they 'll have more time to increase their ready status . '' 
 `` so far we have no reports of chinese troops in portland , oregon . 
 i assume the long run up the columbia river dissuaded them from occupying there . 
 so clearing up any remaining gangs east of the mountains and then proceeding into the willamette valley can be handled by our idaho troops , '' ed said . 
 `` i do n't expect much resistance from whoever is still alive there . 
 we just have to assure our supply trains are safe to travel and not subject to raids by stragglers . '' 
 `` i 've already worked on security . 
 i 've got a firm in missoula and one in butte working on adapting rail cars to armored rail cars . 
 we 'll place them on our supply trains for extra protection . 
 we 'll still need rapid response teams to shadow the trains ` til all the bandits are eliminated , '' the adjutant said . 
 `` maybe we can get a couple of helicopter gunships pried out of the army for support . 
 that will impress the natives , '' ed offered . 
 yes , we will need to impress the natives , at least any that are left out there alive , he thought . 
 chapter 14 cheyenne , wyoming -lrb- 7 months after p-day -rrb- the spring thaw had come early to eastern wyoming and the locals were enjoying the unusually warm sunshine . 
 it had been a busy winter in the mountain west as people struggled to outlast the cold weather . 
 while the electrical grid was almost fully functional and food and water were widely available , individual needs were still at risk . 
 with only a handful of operational cars and trucks , snowbound roads were impassable at times , hampering distribution of vital supplies . 
 horses were still available , so families on scattered ranches had made the effort to stay in their homes . 
 but many had abandoned their remote locations and relocated to family and friends closer to rail lines . 
 the electrically hardened trains had been the difference in making sure that people received the support needed to survive until spring . 
 now it appeared that winter had finally broken . 
 march was early to rely on good weather , but people were thoroughly enjoying the warmer , sunny days . 
 the big news in cheyenne , however , was n't the sunny warm weather . 
 it was the arrival of delegates to the constitutional convention by members of the american states security compact . 
 `` governor , we need to resist the texas grab for power . 
 from the correspondence we 've received , the texas delegation is ready to usurp authority over the rest of the member states , and it appears that louisiana and oklahoma are carrying their water for them . 
 we did n't fight washington d.c. to end up entangled with austin as our new overseer , '' dr. paul kendall said , as the train pulled into cheyenne station . 
 the ride had been productive , especially after the montana governor and his party boarded the train in pocatello . 
 the two original states that had set their own course five years earlier were n't about to trade one despotic ruler for another . 
 and that was what appeared to be coming from the texas crowd . 
 `` dr. kendall , i can assure you that texas and its cronies will not run so quickly into the sunset with our freedom . 
 we were ahead of things when we broke with the federal government about preparing for what happened . 
 i will not let montana get roped into any regurgitation of any supposed federal arrangement again , '' the montana governor said . 
 `` hear , hear . 
 well spoken . 
 idaho concurs with that sentiment . 
 i am confident many other states will feel the same about putting texas or any other state into a dominant position , '' the idaho governor added . 
 general gale joined in , `` well , i just want a finalized command structure in place . 
 we take our army into combat in a month and we continue to have problems between the regular forces and the various states ' troops . 
 we need a clear chain of command so we are as strong as we can be . 
 when we go up against the chinese we ca n't have any confusion . '' 
 general gale had been busy over the last couple of months . 
 ever since the assc states had met in january and declared themselves a separate country from washington , d.c. , things had happened fast . 
 the thirty member states and provinces had agreed that neither the u.s. federal government , nor the canadian national government , held their best interests . 
 in fact , both national governments had essentially ceased to exist . 
 washington , d.c. had transformed almost immediately after ` the pulse ' into a free-fire zone of gangs fighting with other gangs for survival . 
 like most of the large cities of the northeast , the lack of an electrical grid , running vehicles and any way of communicating had resulted in those cities becoming death zones . 
 as the police left with their families for the safety of rural areas , all civil authority broke down . 
 the few armed citizens that attempted to maintain order were quickly overwhelmed by rampaging gangs . 
 even before ` the pulse ' , america had become a land of ` takers ' . 
 when the official supplier stopped providing , the ` takers ' struck out at everyone in their path . 
 the ` takers ' would pillage and kill their way to survival . 
 virginia delegates at the meetings described the effort that their state had made in keeping the chaos restricted to the north bank of the potomac river . 
 virginia had acted quickly to organize an armed citizenry to fight for the state 's survival . 
 being one of the late states to begin preparing , the electrical grid was not fully protected . 
 transportation and commutations in the state were sporadic at best , and the virginia authorities knew that they would have a difficult time avoiding a high death rate among its own citizens . 
 if the criminal gangs were allowed to invade the state , the survival rate would plummet . 
 the hardest part for citizens manning the front lines was turning away regular people from up north trying to escape the mayhem . 
 allowing people into virginia would only risk more deaths to the people already there . 
 this same experience was expressed by other border states , as refugees from places like chicago and detroit attempted to flee . 
 america was torn apart as civil society transformed into survival mode . 
 it was n't unique to america , as all over the world reports came in of armed struggle for survival . 
 as predicted by the emp congressional commission , a ninety percent death rate seemed to be coming true among the unprpared . 
 the high death rate was especially true in westernized urban areas where electricity and modern transportation kept the system functioning . 
 areas of the third world could be expected to have more survivors . 
 subsistence farming would not be greatly affected by a collapse of all electrical systems . 
 but even those areas were heavily dependent on aid coming from the developed world . 
 that aid had stopped on p-day . 
 under such conditions , the delegates to the union of american states constitutional convention opened their first session . 
 the thirty members had each sent a delegation with three members . 
 six other states and two other provinces had requested standing at the convention . 
 `` the first order of business will be the eight jurisdictions that have asked to join our convention . 
 i 'm opening the floor to debate , '' the moderator from missouri announced . 
 he had been chosen as a compromise between what developed into two factions . 
 texas had its allies ready and idaho had become the default state to lead the second faction . 
 `` mr. moderator , i move that the six states from the former united states be admitted , '' yelled horst petrasek , the chief texas delegate . 
 many of the governors were present but were playing a secondary role at the convention . 
 since they each sat on the governor 's council , which technically made the day-to-day decisions of the new country , most of the governors had assigned a chief delegate . 
 idaho 's governor turned over the state 's leadership when he had appointed paul as chief delegate for idaho . 
 paul stood and was recognized by the chair . 
 `` i nominate the provinces of british columbia and the yukon for admission . '' 
 montana quickly seconded the motion . 
 the moderator duly noted both nominations and was taken back as horst petrasek changed the tone considerably . 
 `` mr. moderator , the great state of texas would ask that a question of the legitimacy of all the canadian provinces being here be polled . 
 this here is an american discussion and i do n't understand how these foreigners ever got admitted in the first place . '' 
 `` if the honorable mr. petrasek would recall , the thirty member states voted our three neighbors to the north full membership when we declared our independence from all previous governments . 
 that included ottawa as well as washington . 
 and the language said as much in our signed declaration of independence , '' paul offered . 
 `` if mr. petrasek wishes me to read our formal declaration to remind him of what texas agreed to , i certainly can . '' 
 paul realized that this was texas 's opening move . 
 the original twenty states had agreed to admit alberta , manitoba and saskatchewan . 
 at the time , all had seen the need for common cause . 
 with an outside threat to north america , both sides of the border realized their future lie with cooperation . 
 ottawa had failed almost as completely as washington in dealing with the after effects of ` the pulse ' . 
 toronto and montreal had succumbed to the same violence that large american cities had experienced . 
 much of liberal canada had prided itself on being more civil than the united states . 
 but with the collapse , canadians had quickly resorted to an armed struggle for survival . 
 they just had fewer guns than the united states due to their restrictive gun ownership laws . 
 unfortunately , the criminal gangs had found plenty of other weapons , with the result that urban canada was overwhelmed . 
 `` it wo n't be necessary to read any of our previous agreements , '' petrasek said . 
 `` i just think cooler heads have prevailed . 
 we should decide right now if this is going to be an american country or not . '' 
 paul looked at the delegation from alberta . 
 they had a cloud of defeat on their faces . 
 paul was afraid they were ready , along with the other canadians , to get up and leave . 
 their three votes could n't measure up against the twenty-seven american state votes . 
 `` i would remind the convention that the term american can be referred to any person from north or south america . 
 that the united states has long used the nomenclature as its exclusive term does n't preclude a new definition of the term . 
 and we do n't know yet how the remaining united states will settle themselves , '' paul answered . 
 it was n't the best answer , but he knew the real answer to the question was oil . 
 after the declaration had been signed , the ` cooler heads ' that petrasek referred to were the oil interests of dallas . 
 they controlled the oil industry of texas , oklahoma and louisiana . 
 it was bad enough having the new oil fields of the dakotas to contend with , but adding alberta 's massive oil reserves into the national mix would diminish the dallas money machine . 
 paul was frustrated that with the existence of the country at stake , people were maneuvering for a bigger piece of the money pie . 
 he steeled himself that this time the merchant class would n't usurp power from the people of the country . 
 `` well , dr. kendall , you can call them anything you want , but they 're still foreigners to me . 
 i suppose we 'll have to throw the stars off the flag and insert a maple leaf . 
 we can all then sing ` the leafs and stripes forever ' . 
 does n't quite have the same ring as the ` stars and stripes ' , '' petrasek said . 
 he was pushing hard and making points with the other delegates . 
 by allowing the canadians to join with the americans , what would the flag look like ? 
 what national anthem would be used ? 
 paul wondered . 
 he shook himself and focused on the ultimate goal , a free people with the invaders removed . 
 `` i would remind the convention of what is at risk here . 
 our people are threatened with basic survival . 
 our country is in danger of an invasion from the most populous nation on earth . 
 western civilization itself is at risk , as our friends in australia and new zealand withstand similar invasions . 
 we can only imagine what is taking place in europe , where the little news we receive is n't good , '' paul said . 
 he looked at amanda sitting off to the side and received her look of encouragement . 
 he continued . 
 `` we should look for all the freedom-seeking friends we can find . 
 our neighbors to the north have supported our work from the beginning . 
 we should not let certain commercial interests try to profit in our struggle . '' 
 horst petrasek almost exploded with rage as he jumped to his feet . 
 `` that 's a filthy lie and you know it . 
 texas has always supported a free society . 
 any statement to the contrary would be libelous down in our neck of the woods . 
 men get shot for less . '' 
 `` gentlemen , settle down . 
 i 'll have order or i will remove any delegation that disrupts this convention , '' the moderator demanded . 
 `` to my compatriot from texas , i want to point out dr. kendall mentioned no state in his reference to ` commercial interests ' . 
 any member that puts financial gain ahead of our collective future would be guilty of a treasonable offense , in my opinion , '' the governor of nebraska said . 
 horst sat down , red-faced . 
 the governor of texas , sitting behind his chief delegate , looked resigned . 
 paul hoped that his adversary had been put in his place long enough to seat the other canadian provinces . 
 when the vote was called , the first question of the states admittance passed , thirty to nothing . 
 six additional states were now members . 
 the second question on british columbia and the yukon admission would be the test vote . 
 how states voted would show if they were in the texas camp or not , paul thought . 
 the moderator called for a vote of the original members . 
 the new members would n't be allowed to vote yet . 
 as the states announced their votes , paul kept track . 
 the tally grew as each state answered in alphabetical order . 
 the final vote showed the idaho faction winning , 18-12 . 
 british columbia and the yukon were admitted . 
 texas had cornered much of the old confederacy along with a couple of other states . 
 paul was amused at how old allegiances would still effect current decisions . 
 he made a mental note that he needed to work on those states to better explain his position . 
 he knew nevada had sided with texas for its own benefit . 
 many of the states were talking about outlawing gambling in the new constitution . 
 casinos had contributed to the change in american values , as people gambled their social security checks in the hope of striking it rich . 
 the more religious states wanted an end to gambling in the new country and they did n't mind announcing their intention to close down all the ` indian casinos ' in the deal . 
 paul could understand such an attitude as the country looked at many years of hard work . 
 the future had little time for distractions like gambling . 
 but nevada had obviously cut a deal with texas to keep gambling legal , at least in nevada . 
 paul thought that such a compromise might be his opening with the old confederate states . 
 they tended to be the most conservative , and might be persuaded to switch sides . 
 as any constitution needed a two-thirds vote , he needed to recruit more votes to his side . 
 `` now that we have the issue of who is a member of this convention settled , i wonder if we can get to the important issues at hand . '' 
 everyone looked up to see a woman in her thirties , standing and addressing the convention . 
 with short hair and wire-rimmed glasses , rebecca richards was determined to be heard , `` you gentlemen can spend all day seeing who can spit furthest , but while you do , fellow americans are dying . 
 i would ask the question that our next order of business be the extending of aid to the starving areas of our country . '' 
 paul looked in his convention guide under the colorado delegation . 
 he found a rebecca richards listed . 
 her credentials showed that she had attended reed college outside portland , oregon , and then got a masters degree in women 's studies from brown university in providence , rhode island . 
 `` a colorado delegate warned me about this one . 
 seems she 's a close friend of the governor 's wife and he was obligated to appoint her . 
 the governor said that she should liven up the discussions , '' the idaho governor whispered to paul . 
 `` good luck . '' 
 yeah , thanks a lot . 
 with those credentials , she might as well put a neon sign on her forehead flashing ` flaming liberal ' , he thought . 
 `` mr. moderator , i would make a motion that all our members be instructed to allow any refugee to enter and seek sanctuary immediately . 
 and further , that all comfort should be provided to such refugees , '' rebecca said . 
 a woman from the wisconsin delegation seconded the motion . 
 `` we have a measure on the floor . 
 it is open to discussion , '' the moderator said . 
 paul raised his hand and was recognized . 
 `` ms. richards , i would point out that this meeting is to determine the future government of our new nation . 
 it is not the governing body for day-to-day functions of domestic affairs . 
 that role still resides with each state governor or provincial minister meeting in the governor 's council . 
 your question has no standing here . 
 the moderator was out of order to even take the question under discussion . '' 
 several delegates mumbled agreement . 
 rebecca stared at paul with a look that would kill . 
 paul returned the stare and chuckled inside over how liberals were the most agreeable people in the world until you disagreed with them . 
 then they turned to venom and attacked , which rebecca proceeded to do . 
 `` mr. moderator , obviously rich white men like dr. kendall do n't understand the suffering of millions of women and children in our distressed areas . 
 these people need our help immediately and ca n't wait for a bunch of state governors to act . 
 i would call for my question . '' 
 `` and provincial ministers , ms. richards . 
 do n't forget our friends to the north . 
 if it would move this along , then let 's call the vote . 
 but i would enjoin the convention to stay on topic . 
 we have a duty to present a new constitution to our states and provinces as soon as possible , '' paul said . 
 `` and what 's with that deal , presenting the constitution to the states ? 
 when do the people vote for it ? '' 
 rebecca asked . 
 the governor of virginia raised his hand in recognition . 
 `` maybe i can help with that question . 
 as a direct descendant of one of the original signatories of the u.s. constitution , i would offer a personal perspective . 
 obviously it 's a more accurate account than our honorable colorado delegate has learned . 
 i do n't want to besmirch her ill-educated opinion , but the original constitution was an agreement between the states . 
 as such , the state legislatures voted on approving the document . '' 
 `` thank you , governor for the history lesson , but rich white men were in charge back then and i do n't recall any women being part of that whole thing , '' rebecca retorted . 
 `` your history is right on that account . 
 no women participated in the founding of our original country . 
 perhaps we can give credit to dolly madison for sewing the first american flag , '' the virginia governor replied . 
 he received a scowl and a death stare in response . 
 `` but in recognition of ms. richard 's education in the great state of rhode island , perhaps she learned that rhode island was the only state that let the people vote on the issue . '' 
 `` no , we did n't waste our time studying old dead white men . '' 
 `` well then , since ms. richards is so fired up for a vote of the people , she should be encouraged that when offered an advisory vote on the constitution question , the opponents in rhode island defeated the question with almost eighty-percent of the vote . 
 consequently , rhode island did not join the other twelve original states for some time . 
 at one point , rhode island was considered its own separate country and the other twelve states all treated rhode island as such , '' the virginia governor finished . 
 `` well , women did n't get to vote on it . 
 obviously the patriarchal , oppressive society at the time thought that it was a load of crap , '' rebecca hissed . 
 `` ms. richards will refrain from such language in the future , if she wishes to remain part of these proceedings , '' the male moderator admonished . 
 he received a death look for his efforts . 
 `` mr. moderator , '' the missouri governor said . 
 `` i move the question on the floor be stricken and removed from consideration . '' 
 a second on the motion was received . 
 the motion was quickly called for and the vote was 35-1 , with wisconsin voting to keep rebecca 's motion in place . 
 rebecca sat and sulked as the convention moved on to writing a new constitution . 
 paul looked at her as the motions started flowing and realized that they had n't heard the last from ms. richards . 
 she represented an ideology that had taken the united states to the edge of disaster . 
 if ` the pulse ' had n't happened , the united states was certainly headed to similar chaos due to its financial bankruptcy . 
 in the years leading up to the sun 's coronal mass ejection , washington , d.c. had taken the country over a financial cliff . 
 after the economic downturn of 2008 , the country had turned to new leadership in the 2008 presidential elections . 
 unfortunately , the new president increased borrowing and spending , doubling the national debt in three and half years . 
 all that was for nothing , as high unemployment continued and housing prices stagnated . 
 as an economist , paul was familiar with the results of a keynesian approach to climbing out of a recession . 
 unfortunately , creating more debt and deficit spending was not an answer to the largest ` credit bubble ' that had ever been created in history . 
 paul knew at that time that it was all going to end badly , with credit markets imploding . 
 the world was about to enter into the largest depression in the last three hundred years and unlike those other depressions of the past , the world was awash in people dependent on government for their existence ; the ` takers ' . 
 ` cash is king ' in a depression , paul thought . 
 and the united states was out of cash . 
 even the chairman of the federal reserve bank did n't understand the problem when he postulated that the federal reserve could just print money and drop it from helicopters to get the country back to work . 
 paul knew that the economic future would not have been good , but fate intervened when the sun answered the question for the entire world . 
 now societies around the world were worried about basic survival , not what the stock markets were going to do next year . 
 `` paul , there 's a question on the floor , '' the idaho governor brought him back to reality . 
 `` mr. moderator , could the question be repeated for clarification ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` the gentleman from texas has called and louisiana has seconded the motion calling for adoption of the u.s. constitution as written and amended in total , '' the moderator said . 
 paul sighed as he braced himself for the coming fight . 
 `` if the floor is open for discussion i would offer that there are numerous provisions in the old constitution that need changing . 
 we have seen where our country was headed before the sun intervened . 
 canada was somewhat better off , but they too were headed down a similar path . '' 
 `` we 'll be here all year if we 're going to start monkeying around with changes , '' horst petrasek said . 
 `` we need stability now . 
 a quick adoption of what worked for us for over two hundred years will suffice . 
 we can meet later , once the emergency is over , to change things at our leisure . '' 
 `` we need to take our time . 
 future generations expect us to give them a new government that eliminates the old problems that the founding fathers failed to foresee , '' paul said . 
 rebecca perked right up . 
 `` i agree with that . 
 all those old white men could n't possibly know the suffering this country caused . 
 half of them were slave owners . 
 how could they write a document guaranteeing freedom when they looked at some people as common chattel ? 
 and do n't get me started on their treatment of women . '' 
 `` we wo n't , '' the moderator said and cut her off . 
 paul was nervous . 
 suddenly rebecca was an ally . 
 something must be wrong if she 's agreeing with him on anything . 
 he rethought his argument and concluded that she would turn on him eventually . 
 he pressed on . 
 `` i can name a number of profound problems in our federal system that should be addressed , '' paul said . 
 `` so can i , but we have a national emergency going on and we need strong leadership to pull us through . 
 better to have a flawed document and survive then a perfect one but perish , '' petrasek said . 
 `` spoken like a ben franklin , but i 'll quote a more recent politician . 
 ` a crisis is a terrible thing to waste . '' 
 the entire convention cracked up at paul 's joke . 
 he had just quoted the last president 's chief of staff , someone that had looked on the economic problems as an opportunity to make government bigger . 
 paul continued , `` we all laugh now at the context of that quote , but i am deadly serious . 
 our citizens are going through a traumatic time and because of some brave state leadership , most will survive . 
 other states and countries do n't have the good fortune of having an insightful government , and they are suffering and dying . 
 this is the time when our citizens will accept major changes to their form of government . 
 it 's time to establish a system that is more cognizant of the 21st century . '' 
 `` i agree totally . 
 we need a 21st century constitution . 
 i call for the vote , '' rebecca said . 
 paul cringed . 
 with her advocacy , the other delegates might bolt away from the idea of a totally new document . 
 the question was called however , and paul awaited the convention 's decision . 
 would they expedite things and move on . 
 or would they take their time and deliberate on changes ? 
 he wondered . 
 again the votes went alphabetically . 
 paul could tell right off that rebecca 's enthusiasm for a rewrite had dissuaded some states from working on a new document . 
 as the votes totaled , the texas ' delegation smiles grew . 
 the vote was going in their favor . 
 before the last state had voted , texas had its victory . 
 twenty two states had opted to adopt the existing u.s. constitution . 
 thirteen states and five provinces had voted against . 
 `` well , finally , we have some consensus . 
 we can move ahead now with making this country strong again , '' horst announced . 
 the convention started to break up . 
 things were done as far as they were concerned and it was time to head home . 
 `` mr. moderator , if everyone will please settle down . 
 i 'm afraid we 're not done here , '' paul announced to the room . 
 `` sure as heck we are . 
 i guess you want a motion to adjourn just to be formal ? '' 
 horst rejoined . 
 `` mr. moderator , please inform my colleague from texas that under the original signed agreement calling for a constitutional convention , there was a large provision for said adoption , '' paul offered . 
 `` yes sirrea , and that provision was that only a two-thirds vote could adopt any constitution , '' the montana governor said . 
 `` and as a signatory to that agreement , i did not see a two-thirds vote just now . 
 ladies and gentlemen , sit down . 
 we have work to do . '' 
 chapter 15 missoula , montana -lrb- 7 months after p-day -rrb- general ed gale stood by his stryker armored car and looked over the valley . 
 a motley collection of vehicles stood ready to advance on his orders . 
 the regular army had provided a stryker company with six vehicles . 
 they would be the main offensive power in the drive across northern idaho and eastern washington . 
 the national command structure of the new union of american states formed in cheyenne as the political talks continued . 
 general gale received regular updates on the political talks from his friend , dr. paul kendall . 
 in turn , ed would pass on to paul reports on their progress bringing social order back to an area that had been ravaged by chaos for the previous six months . 
 ed was nervous regarding what he was about to find on the other side of the montana border . 
 the state of idaho had realized back in 2007 , when it began preparing for this possibility , that the idaho panhandle was indefensible . 
 in the event of societal collapse , the urban population of spokane would ` head for the hills ' and there was no physical barrier to stop them from heading east into idaho . 
 montana had put up a defensive line in the mountainous area of the idaho-montana state line when ` the pulse ' first happened . 
 that defensive line had held tight on letting anyone through . 
 the situation in the missoula valley had been shaky , as food for the existing population was barely adequate . 
 the local citizens had fought hard to bar any more people from entering the valley . 
 as the food stocks were replenished by rail , the restrictions at the barrier were eased . 
 some refugees came over the mountains , but the roads were soon blocked by snow , closing off escape from the chaos . 
 the clearwater and snake rivers to the south had been additional natural barriers that the locals defended against escaping refugees . 
 the people that had remained in the coeur d’ alene area had a rough winter . 
 ed realized that he and his troops might not be readily welcomed . 
 he lifted his field glasses to check his column once more . 
 over ten thousand men and women were waiting for the ` go ' order as they stood by their transportation . 
 ed shook his head at the collection of pickup trucks that had been converted with carburetors . 
 bench seating had been built into each bed and a dozen troops with their gear and supplies would be able to ride . 
 with the fuel trucks and other big rigs providing logistical support , over a thousand vehicles were ready . 
 `` ok , let 's roll , '' ed said to his adjutant . 
 he climbed up into his stryker and motioned for the company to move out . 
 his driver fired up the engine . 
 they would be the last stryker in line as they led the column west on interstate 90 . 
 ed looked behind him as his troops climbed into their pickups and the drivers gunned the engines . 
 `` radio the scouts to take lead , '' ed ordered . 
 his radioman relayed the general 's orders and quickly a platoon of motorcycles and jeeps sprinted past the lumbering strykers in the left lane of the freeway . 
 ed looked out the windshield and saw the motorcycles leave the jeeps in the dust as they accelerated for the pass into idaho . 
 he made a note to remind everyone this was n't a race . 
 they need to work as a combined combat arm , he thought . 
 the scout 's job was to locate trouble up ahead so the main column could be warned . 
 troops in pickup trucks had no protection from an armed attack , hence the armored vehicles leading the way . 
 the stryker armored personnel carrier had been perfected in the war with iraq . 
 it was designed to withstand rocket propelled grenades and could stop most rifle rounds . 
 with its v-shaped bottom , it provided survivability to the crew in the case of an ied attack . 
 bombs or mines buried in the road and exploded remotely had been the most lethal weapon in iraq . 
 the stryker had gone a long way to solving that problem . 
 `` sir , i have missoula command on the net . 
 they are reporting from boise command that our southern and central forces have initiated their advance , '' ed 's radioman reported . 
 `` very good , sergeant . 
 keep me informed , '' ed said . 
 as overall pacific northwest commander , he was responsible for all three prongs advancing west into oregon and washington . 
 he knew he should be back in boise command but he wanted to see first-hand the reception his forces would receive . 
 if the population was resentful of help coming late , he would need a lot more troops to keep order . 
 if the population of the areas he entered was glad to be liberated , then the advance west could be quickened . 
 ed pictured his subordinate commanders as they led their troops . 
 he had selected each commander personally and trusted their judgment . 
 all three were former u. s. navy seals which had n't set too well with the regular army types . 
 but , regular army had n't provided much in the way of personnel or equipment . 
 the captain in command of the stryker company sat next to ed . 
 he asked , `` general , do you think regular army is going to get its act together soon ? '' 
 `` i hope so , captain . 
 if the people up ahead are with us , we can clear the northwest of the criminal gangs with the troops we have . 
 but when we head to california we better have some experience with us . 
 we are n't sure how many chinese troops have been brought over , and we do n't have a clear picture of their aircraft and heavy stuff . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe big green folded like they did . '' 
 `` captain , when ` the pulse ' hit and the grid went down in most of the country , it was natural that all those troops would think of their families first , '' ed offered . 
 he had seen the reports of the desertion rate in the army . 
 the air force had n't done much better at keeping its personnel at the ready . 
 even the navy saw huge desertions as ships returned to port . 
 luckily the ships had always been hardened from nuclear attack and the related emp associated with a nuclear explosion . 
 some of the electronics had been crippled , but the basic system to operate the ships still functioned . 
 now , the still-capable ships sat in navy bases , lacking crews to take them out to sea . 
 only in the area of the union of american states were men and women slowly returning to duty . 
 the stability offered by the advanced preparations by those states ensured societal continuation . 
 with their families safe from the chaos , the armed forces of the uas were rebuilding themselves . 
 after about an hour of driving , ed 's stryker slowed to a stop . 
 `` refugees up ahead , sir . '' 
 `` captain , let me out and then get the column moving again . 
 i 'll catch up . '' 
 ed climbed down out of the stryker as a group of about twenty emaciated people gathered around . 
 two open-topped jeeps that had been following the strykers stopped and four men jumped out . 
 their assault rifles were slung to their chest and their fingers were on the triggers . 
 these were the general 's security detail , always ready to protect their charge . 
 two were former navy seals . 
 two other men were in their late fifties , but looked like they were ready to run a marathon . 
 ed was n't sure what their classification had been most recently , but he knew them from ranger school a long time back . 
 ed relied on a lot of older veterans . 
 most were n't quite in the shape these two guys were , but all of them lent valuable experience to all the young farm boys that had shown up to defend their country . 
 they had all been training together now for three months , and the combination of experienced veterans teamed with his young troops was working well . 
 patriotism and love of country were strong bonding factors . 
 he would observe how it worked when the shooting started . 
 he had faith in the belief that a common purpose would win the day . 
 common criminals and street thugs could n't stand up to a determined , well-armed citizenry . 
 `` it 's about time . 
 where have you guys been ? 
 do you have any idea what it 's like on the other side of them mountains ? '' 
 said a man that appeared to be the leader . 
 his voice trembled as he spoke his piece . 
 `` you left us in the hands of thugs and did n't lift a finger . 
 it 's criminal . '' 
 ed noticed the sunken eyes of the women and the distended bellies of the few children in the group . 
 all were skeletons pushing bicycles laden with their entire possessions . 
 ed chose his words carefully . 
 `` sir , where are you and your people from ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` outside ellensburg , washington , as if that matters now . 
 we left when the hoard from seattle hit us . 
 we 've been walking and starving now for six months . 
 and from the looks of you soldier boys , you 've been living well over here the whole time , '' the man said . 
 the group behind him all murmured in agreement . 
 `` i apologize for all the people who failed you . 
 the state of washington was too busy building wind farms and solar panel arrays and failed to protect their citizens . 
 idaho and montana avoided those schemes and spent money on a hardened electrical grid . '' 
 `` still no matter . 
 you should have come and protected us when the trouble began . 
 if you were so prepared , you could have helped your neighbors . '' 
 `` yes , sir , we should have . 
 but when ` the pulse ' hit we were scrambling to maintain order in our part of the world . 
 we did n't have anything to spare for areas that had n't prepared . 
 by the time we were stable , winter had set in and the passes were closed , '' ed offered . 
 he was afraid this would be the response he would receive as they liberated the country ahead . 
 `` it 's just not fair , '' the man broke into tears and began sobbing . 
 ed reached out and grabbed him to keep him from collapsing . 
 the man smelled and ed realized he would be smelling unwashed bodies for the indefinite future . 
 one of the troops assisted the man as one of the women walked up to ed . 
 `` please forgive his anger . 
 he 's lost his wife and two of his children . 
 his only surviving son is struggling with a fever . '' 
 ed looked over at a listless body crumpled in a garden cart . 
 his eyes began to tear up . 
 this would be harder than he thought . 
 in all his career he had witnessed horrible atrocities committed by all sorts of people , but this would be the first time it was his fellow countrymen that had suffered . 
 `` we 'll take care of him , sir . 
 thank you and your troops for what you are heading out to do . 
 there are some very bad people up ahead . 
 make them pay for what they 've done to america . 
 i never thought it could happen here , '' the woman said . 
 `` madam , you have my oath that they will be brought to swift military justice . 
 there will be no civilian courts where we 're headed . 
 i 'll have my men get some food for your people . 
 i 'm afraid we 're all heading west and ca n't take you anywhere . '' 
 `` food and a little medicine will suffice for us . 
 we 've walked this far on less . 
 go . 
 you have god 's work to do , '' the woman said . 
 his troops were already handing out meals ready to eat -lrb- mre -rrb- to everyone and throwing a satchel of extra meals on the side of the road along with a first aid kit from the jeep . 
 ed and his bodyguards loaded up in their two jeeps and joined the column heading west . 
 after a quiet distance the driver turned to ed . 
 `` it 's hard to witness , general . 
 americans reduced to rags and starving . 
 makes my blood boil . '' 
 ed thought about what his sergeant had just said . 
 he was afraid they were in for far worse in the days ahead . 
 he quietly stared straight ahead . 
 tears welled up in his eyes and streaked straight back across his face in the wind . 
 the driver noticed the tears on the general 's face . 
 `` sir , i can put the windshield up if the wind is bothering you . 
 we just like it down for a free fire zone . '' 
 `` no , sergeant , the wind feels good , '' ed said and left it at that . 
 the column wound up the pass and entered idaho . 
 the crew that had cleared the last of the snow stood by and cheered the troops as they passed . 
 ed stopped his jeep to check in with the men that had provided security while the road crew worked . 
 they would join the force heading to washington . 
 wallace was the first large town the column reached . 
 ed drove up the left lane past the stopped vehicles to the front stryker company . 
 `` captain , have we cleared wallace yet ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` sir , the scouts are just returning now . '' 
 three motorcycles pulled up and the man in charge shut down his engine . 
 saluting as he climbed off , he stood at attention . 
 ed noticed the man had to be at least sixty . 
 his pot belly protruded from the massive belt buckle on his tight jeans . 
 the other two riders were of similar age and physique . 
 ed marveled at the army he led . 
 `` sergeant wilder , of the third scout platoon , reporting , sir . 
 the rest of the platoon has moved on to kellogg . 
 wallace is a ghost town . 
 not a soul in sight . 
 fair number of bodies scattered around , though . '' 
 `` thank you sergeant . 
 may i ask what outfit you served in ? '' 
 `` third rifle company of the second battalion , americal division , 1968 to 1969 in the republic of vietnam , sir . '' 
 `` well , sergeant . 
 i 'm proud to have you and your men with us today . 
 thank you for your service , '' ed said . 
 `` no need to thank us , sir . 
 finally have a war that came to america . 
 could n't sit at home for this one . 
 proud to serve with the general , '' the sergeant said . 
 `` then carry on . 
 go find us some bad guys . '' 
 `` i 'll be happy to oblige the general on that one , sir . '' 
 sergeant wilder and his accompanying riders climbed back on their bikes and zoomed off towards kellogg . 
 ed realized that the noise alone would send the bad guys up into the hills . 
 as he motioned the captain to get the strykers moving , one of the bodyguards walked up with two citizens . 
 they had a similar appearance as the earlier group . 
 `` general , this man claims to be the mayor of wallace . 
 he came down the road over there with a white flag raised . 
 he 's asked to speak to the commander . '' 
 `` general , thank you for finally arriving . 
 most of the town folk still alive are holed up in the mine shafts above the city . 
 they sent us down to make sure you were on the right side . 
 i recognized you from when you spoke to the idaho mayors conference . '' 
 `` well mr. mayor , we have food and supplies back in the column that can keep your citizens alive until full service is restored . 
 we have an armored train opening up the rail link between sandpoint and missoula . 
 we 'll connect up with the rail in coeur d’ alene and supplies will follow , '' ed offered . 
 `` thank you , general . 
 thank you , '' the mayor said . 
 `` mr. mayor . 
 may i ask , how bad was it for your town ? '' 
 `` general , i know from our conferences that boise knew they could n't guarantee northern idaho 's safety in such an event as happened . 
 we took it upon ourselves here in wallace to set aside ` beans , bullets and band-aids ' as the term is used . 
 when the thugs showed up , we were ready to move into the mines that litter the mountains around us . 
 the gangs tried once to come up into the mountains , but they did n't try a second time , if you know what i mean . '' 
 `` i do , sir . 
 well done then . 
 i hope other cities took a similar attitude . '' 
 `` many did . 
 some did n't . 
 the coeur d’ alene city council was overloaded with liberals that thought climate change was the most immediate threat . 
 unfortunately , they spent their money on reducing greenhouse gases . 
 bad choice as it turned out , '' the mayor answered with a certain ironic demeanor . 
 ed climbed back into the stryker and the column moved out . 
 they progressed down the silver valley , named for all the silver extracted from the mines . 
 the riches had played out decades ago , leaving piles of mine tailings . 
 the uas army advanced toward the lake country of northern idaho . 
 once this had been one of the most desirable retirement areas in the country . 
 it was known nationally by airline pilots as ` the place ' to hang up your rudder . 
 as the column approached the city along the lake , the scouts were waiting by the side of the freeway . 
 ed climbed down out of his armored vehicle . 
 `` sergeant wilder , again . 
 something to report ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` with pleasure , sir . 
 the rest of the platoon is observing the northern idaho college campus . 
 reports by a few locals that came out of hiding state that the warlord of the area is holed up there . '' 
 `` well , you get your wish , sergeant . 
 seems like we have some bad guys to eliminate . '' 
 ed motioned for his assigned assault team to rendezvous with the sergeant and get briefed . 
 ed walked back so his team could do their job without his interference . 
 he reached the main communication truck carrying the radio . 
 he would take the time to check on the progress of his other columns . 
 far to the south , a column of similar size advanced out of ontario , oregon , towards burns . 
 this had been friendly country from the beginning and the advance should be rapid , ed thought . 
 a third column was advancing up interstate 80 towards portland . 
 again this was friendly country . 
 the bridges leading into eastern oregon had been blown , cutting this area off from any refugee drift from the large cities to the west . 
 additionally , the column had a rail link for support . 
 `` how 's the situation to the south , sergeant ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` task force alpha reached burns and is pressing on . 
 the harney county rangers have had a defensive line established at riley and they should reach that in about another hour . 
 they plan on gassing up all the vehicles before pushing on toward bend . '' 
 `` and task force beta ? 
 any reports ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 making good time through the blue mountains as they head toward pendleton . 
 baker city and la grande were in good shape and the locals were ecstatic when our guys reached them . 
 it means regular train service with supplies . 
 our truck convoys over the last few months have kept them alive but it 's been tight for them , '' the sergeant reported . 
 `` well , they have a big logistical problem coming up . 
 repairing the john day river bridges so they can continue west will slow them down , '' ed said . 
 `` they have an experienced army engineer unit with them that we squeezed out of the wyoming national guard . 
 they should get it done . '' 
 ed was interrupted by the stryker captain looking for him . 
 `` sir , we 've worked our plan of attack . 
 if you 'd like to join us , we 're ready . 
 there 's just enough daylight for us to go today . '' 
 `` thank you , captain . 
 move out and i 'll catch up presently , '' ed said . 
 he radioed his subordinate commanders in the two other task forces his situation . 
 then he signaled cheyenne and made a report for the governor 's council that ran the country until the constitutional convention had finished deliberating . 
 by the time ed caught up with the assault force , the battle was practically over . 
 he observed the six stryker armored cars surrounding the campus area . 
 bad guys littered the green grass where they had attempted to escape . 
 the action now seemed to be concentrated on a large house on the banks of lake coeur d’ alene . 
 `` general , we have the last bad guys cornered in the college president 's house . 
 most of them tried to bug out the back door when they heard us drive up . 
 we hit them with automatic fire from the strykers and that put that issue to rest , '' the captain said . 
 `` good . 
 how soon will you be ready to go after the house ? '' 
 `` that 's our problem , sir . 
 they yelled that they have hostages inside . 
 we 've heard women screaming . 
 the men are awaiting orders . '' 
 just then colonel schmol walked up . 
 as commanding officer of task force delta , he was in overall command of the column . 
 `` general , we seem to have a dilemma . 
 we rush the building and maybe innocent civilians die . 
 we wait , and people down the road suffer longer . '' 
 `` what are your intentions then , colonel ? 
 it 's your call . 
 i 'm just an observer here , so to speak , '' ed said . 
 `` i think we offer terms , sir . '' 
 `` alright colonel , your show . '' 
 the colonel motioned to one of his lieutenants to tie off a white flag . 
 the stryker captain offered to walk forward to negotiate . 
 ed listened as the captain talked to the supposed warlord . 
 soon the captain returned . 
 `` he and his men will surrender , in return for a promise that they wo n't be killed . 
 they say they have ten hostages inside that they will kill if we rush the place . 
 he tried to get a car and free passage out of here , but i said that was n't going to happen , '' `` i do n't like dealing with these killers . 
 but if there are ten innocent people inside , we do n't want to start off with that kind of blood on our hands , '' colonel schmol said . 
 `` it 's not my place , but i think we 're going to see this a lot as we clean out these nests of vermin . '' 
 ed said . 
 `` they 'll all be holding hostages that will make us hesitate to pull the trigger on them . 
 the captain was right , no free passage out , but surrender with a guarantee we 'll not kill them . 
 if the word trickles down to other thugs we meet , that guarantee may work in our favor . '' 
 the colonel sighed with resignation , `` the more citizens we can save , the better . 
 these poor buggers have been through enough . 
 but after we round up all these bastards with a guarantee not to kill them , then what ? '' 
 `` well , we certainly wo n't have any liberal supreme court justices ruling that they were misunderstood when they raped , pillaged and killed across the country . 
 no , i think they 'll be held in a military prison until such time as another country might be willing to take them . 
 now , if the ship carrying them to a far off land happens to develop troubles and sinks and there is only one life boat for the crew , technically we did n't kill them , did we ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 i like your thinking general . 
 death at the hands of mother nature . 
 unfortunate accidents happen all the time at sea , and usually there 's no one around to help . 
 terrible tragedy . '' 
 the colonel smiled as he decided his course of action . 
 `` and colonel , this will be just between us . 
 i 'll pass the policy on to the other commanders quietly . 
 it will only work if these bad boys think that they will get their day in what was the old civilian court system . '' 
 `` mums the word . 
 i 'll cry the blues to these bad guys that we will have to eventually turn them over to civilian authorities . 
 they know that would mean a lifetime waiting for justice to work . 
 that would be followed by a plea agreement to driving while intoxicated or some other lame charge , '' the colonel said . 
 he walked off to take charge of the surrender , mumbling that the geneva accords allowed these men to surrender as prisoners of war . 
 ed liked that approach . 
 let the bad guys believe that the political correctness that had coddled them for years was still in place . 
 he remembered the situation of the terrorist held at guantanamo bay after 9-11 . 
 men had risked their lives to round up these killers of americans . 
 then they had to watch as the terrorists sat in prison for years suffering through special dietary food and air conditioning , policies forced upon the military by civilian courts . 
 things would be different this time . 
 ed would personally take these bad boys out to sea to make sure justice was done this time . 
 he would even swim back after he pulled the plug personally if he had to . 
 chapter 16 mt. tongariro , north island , new zealand the desert road was the main trunk road that connected auckland in the north to wellington in the south . 
 lying at over five thousand feet on the side of mt. tongariro , the road traversed a bleak terrain . 
 in the rain shadow of the mighty volcano , raising to over ten thousand feet to the west , normally rainy new zealand had micro-climates like the desert road . 
 scrub brush and brown clumpy grasses as far as the eye could see inhabited this barren patch . 
 the nearest communities lay to either the north and south , where the lower elevation allowed a more temperate climate . 
 but for close to one hundred miles a cold high alpine desert dominated . 
 even though it was a warm fall in the rest of new zealand , up here on the desert road the nights dropped below freezing . 
 noel pulled his wool mackinaw jacket tight around him as he sat in his camouflaged foxhole . 
 sitting beside him , equally wrapped up in the cold , sat his great-grandfather . 
 they were part of a defensive line that the kiwis had thrown up to stem the tide of indonesians heading toward wellington . 
 already auckland had been captured , with hamilton falling soon afterward . 
 the indonesian army had split its forces and sent a group east and captured tauranga . 
 now that force moved down toward the east cape and opotiki . 
 a defensive line had been established on telford pass between opitiki and gisborne . 
 the gorge in between favored the defenders and the kiwi 's needed all the help they could muster . 
 lacking in everything but determination to defend their country , the kiwi 's would hold . 
 with america beset with an invasion and britain no longer the power it once was , new zealand was on its own for the first time since europeans first settled there . 
 even the aussies who would have helped out were packing it in . 
 reports had made it up to noel that the australians were evacuating the country north of new south wales and west of south australia . 
 pulling back to the southeast quarter of the continent , noel assumed that the chinese would be content with the remaining three-fourths . 
 that was where the vast majority of the minerals that china sought were located . 
 western australia , queensland and the northern territories held a huge reservoir of metals waiting to be scooped up and shipped to factories in asia . 
 china had been doing just that for years , but now made the move to permanently expropriate them . 
 with no one around to stop them , ` might makes right ' ruled the day . 
 the aussies and the kiwis were alone and a long way from nowhere . 
 there were no sympathetic countries nearby . 
 even india just stood by as china made its move for world dominance . 
 noel and his great-grandfather had had long talks about what their odds of surviving were . 
 noel , at 16 years of age , knew his future was bleak . 
 but the two of them spoke of things more important than long life . 
 great-grandfather leffingwell talked of mates killed in battle at guadalcanal and new guinea . 
 he described how fighting with your mates was the essence of life itself and that the rest of his existence on earth paled in comparison . 
 noel just wanted to get a better gun . 
 his old grandfather 's shotgun would n't do in a pitched battle . 
 and his great-grandfather would n't give up his old enfield . 
 trouble was , noel knew that his great-grandfather could n't see much beyond the trench line to hit anything . 
 and no matter how many times noel discussed that issue with his great-grandfather , noel still ended up with the shotgun . 
 `` noel , i want you and your grandfather to report to headquarters , '' noel 's sergeant yelled down the line . 
 noel nudged his great-grandfather , who had n't heard any of it and motioned for them to head to the rear . 
 they both gathered up their belongings . 
 noel walked up to the small ravine that sheltered headquarters from direct fire . 
 the timber covered redoubt was camouflaged with netting from air surveillance . 
 as noel lifted the corner of the netting to duck under , he stopped with a start . 
 standing in front of him were six of the sharpest looking soldiers he had ever seen . 
 nobody in his own unit even had uniforms , never mind real helmets and body armor like these guys . 
 and weapons . 
 he stared at the assault rifles and bandoliers of ammunition strapped to their webbing . 
 real soldiers . 
 as he stared at what looked like aliens from space , his commanding officer broke his silence . 
 `` noel , grandfather leffingwell , this is major smith , united states army , 24th infantry division . 
 he and his men are the lead units for a full deployment of americans . 
 i want you and your grandfather to liaison with them . '' 
 `` ah , are you sure ? 
 this old man and his grandson are the best you 've got ? 
 we came here to fight and meaning no disrespect , we may have to move fast and hard . 
 we do n't want to get any of your people killed because you ca n't keep up , '' the american major said . 
 before the kiwi commanding officer could open his mouth to explain , great-grandfather leffingwell got right in the major 's face . 
 `` listen here , mr. whatever-your-name-was . 
 i was fighting these asian devils before your father was even conceived . 
 that 's if you have a father . 
 if the commander says i have to work with you , then bloody hell , that 's what i 'll do . 
 best you keep up with me though , because i do n't want you fellows lost in the bush . '' 
 before the major could open his mouth to respond , noel 's great-grandfather wheeled back around for another go . 
 `` and mister , you may address me as grandfather leffingwell . 
 i 'll let you shorten it to gg if you like . 
 my grandson and i will be waiting for you while we have tea . '' 
 the two kiwis ducked just outside the netting and settled into retrieving their stove to brew up tea . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 major smith asked . 
 `` that , sir , is why i picked those two for liaison duty . 
 do n't underestimate either one . 
 they 're both cut from the same cloth down here . 
 tough men , even for their ages . 
 and just so you know , that ` old man ' you refered to was with a kiwi air force fighter unit on guadalcanal . 
 he was a radioman when the japs almost overran the airfield . 
 he ran to support the marines , taking over a machine gun after its crew had been killed . 
 he single handedly stopped a jap charge . '' 
 `` that guy ? '' 
 the major asked . 
 `` they estimated after the battle , ` that guy ' wiped out close to three companies . 
 three hundred men sent to jap heaven by that man . 
 he was awarded the victoria cross for his work , '' the kiwi commander said . 
 `` just do n't piss him off as i think you yanks are fond of saying . '' 
 `` ok , but if he ca n't keep up , i 'll be talking to you . '' 
 `` major , if he ca n't keep up , i 'll eat your hat , helmet and all , '' the kiwi said . 
 the major and his associates stepped over to where noel and gg were sipping hot tea . 
 both looked up at the americans standing in front of them . 
 `` i guess we 're stuck with each other . 
 maybe we can get reacquainted ? '' 
 the major said . 
 `` the only reacquainting we need to do is when you yanks are standing over a pile of dead indonesians that you 've bloody well killed . 
 i appreciate all the bloody help we can get at a time like this , but piss off ` til then . '' 
 `` grandfather , please , the major is trying to make amends , '' noel interjected . 
 `` and where in the bloody hell did you yanks drop in from ? 
 it is n't like we 're just around the corner from america . 
 and from what i hear , you 've got plenty of your own problems , eh what ? '' 
 gg said . 
 noel saw from the facial expression that the major was about to unload , but in good allied cooperation mode , he held it in . 
 major smith released the tension by explaining the situation his division had found itself . 
 the 24th division had been part of the one hundred thousand allied troops in afghanistan when ` the pulse ' hit . 
 with the communication satellites knocked out , shortwave radios had to substitute for sporadic contact with the united states . 
 as the situation collapsed in america , the commanders realized that support was non-existent for their men . 
 being stuck in afghanistan surrounded by hostiles with no logistic support from home , they knew they had to get out . 
 the major explained that a lucky communication link with a carrier battle group in the pacific ocean had led to a rescue plan . 
 the nuclear carrier and its escorts would meet the allied forces near gwadar , pakistan , for evacuation . 
 the army would have to march through southern afghanistan and then cross baluchistan to reach the indian ocean port . 
 but the navy admiral had stated that even packing the troops as tight as possible , they could only load a third of the force at a time . 
 since time was critical and everyone could n't be transported back to the states , it was decided to move one third to australia , one third to new zealand and the final third would ride back to america . 
 stopping at the u.s. base on the island of diego garcia , two destroyers from the battle group picked up thousands of mres to leave with the stranded troops until they returned for their extraction . 
 major smith explained his unit was in the second evacuation . 
 thirty-three thousand american , canadian , british and danish troops had been off-loaded in christchurch . 
 his battalion was being sent to reinforce the desert road sector while other units were assigned to the east cape and to the area west of mt. tongariro . 
 the full contingent of troops were mostly stuck around christchurch , due to lack of logistical support . 
 until enough food , fuel and transportation were found , new zealand could n't support all the troops at the front line . 
 but the troops committed would make the indonesians think twice about charging south towards wellington . 
 `` so how long do you think we 'll have to hold out here , major ? '' 
 noel asked . 
 his great-grandfather continued to sulk over his tea . 
 `` we heard that an offensive has started in the pacific northwest to get order restored . 
 right now the united states does n't have one west coast port in friendly hands . 
 the chinese or criminal gangs have the entire coast locked up tight . 
 until something is done about that , america wo n't be doing much out in the pacific , '' major smith said . 
 `` how the bloody hell do gangs take over the whole west coast of america ? 
 that would n't have happened with my good friend , paul kendall , on watch . 
 now there was a fighting man . 
 not the wankers in uniform today , '' gg mumbled as he again focused on his tea . 
 `` my grandfather 's friend from guadalcanal lives in idaho . 
 they have stayed in touch all these years by short wave radio . 
 that 's how we know what happened after ` the pulse ' , '' noel explained . 
 `` it came as a shock to us , also . 
 fighting for freedom in afghanistan and your hometown in america goes puff . 
 i know lots of the men were n't happy about getting dumped here , but they knew the score . 
 scuttlebutt on the ship i was on said that as each ship reached home port in the states , the crew all deserted . 
 going home to protect their own , like all of us would do , '' the major said . 
 `` if our battle group had taken the first load back to the states , the rest of us would probably still be in pakistan '' `` well , we 're glad they deposited you here . 
 sorry for the circumstances . 
 kiwis are usually a lot more hospitable . 
 and i 'm sure the aussies are glad for your help , too . 
 my grandfather and i had some very serious talks about the future before you guys showed up . 
 i can tell you , reaching my next birthday was looking pretty grim , '' noel said . 
 `` well , we 'll do our best to make sure you have another one , '' smith offered . 
 `` now , for gg here , i 'm not making any guarantees . '' 
 noel looked at his great-grandfather as he grunted in response to the major . 
 but noel detected a slight curl of a smile on the corner of his great-grandfather 's mouth . 
 the major would never see it from his angle , but noel definitely noticed a smile . 
 just to dissuade any thoughts of a cordial relationship developing , great-grandfather leffingwell asked , `` so , since the yanks have finally arrived , do we finally get to kill indonesians today ? '' 
 `` my orders are to defend the line , so we wait , '' major smith said . '' 
 what ? 
 you yanks had the same orders sixty years ago on the ` canal ' . 
 defense . 
 wait . 
 ca n't believe you sods actually made it to tokyo bay . 
 bloody hell , i ca n't take it anymore . 
 where the hell is the loo ? 
 might as well go piss off by myself , '' noel 's great-grandfather stormed off toward the latrine . 
 noel looked at major smith and rolled his eyes in the international language that says ` what can you do ? ' 
 the major returned the sympathetic look . 
 the kiwi commander walked up . 
 `` everything right here ? 
 i saw mr. leffingwell walk off . 
 `` `` we 're good . 
 just working out liaison duties with noel and his grandfather , '' major smith replied . 
 `` i was wondering why you picked mr. leffingwell as liaison though . 
 i thought someone younger might be more appropriate . '' 
 `` well , you have noel if you 're looking for young . 
 but you need to know that this unit is here because of noel 's grandfather , '' the commander said . 
 `` when he and noel left their home with pushbikes laden with gear , they were heading north to meet the invaders . 
 just two kiwis doing their duty . 
 word soon spread that mr. leffingwell was going to war with his grandson . 
 by the time they reached nelson , they had a company strength unit . 
 by the time they hit picton , their personal army had grown to battalion strength . '' 
 `` you mean your government did n't call these troops up ? '' 
 `` no . 
 when the recipient of the victoria cross , the new zealand cross and a bronze star starts marching to war , abled bodied men and women just fall in behind . 
 even if that recipient is in his eighties . 
 there have only been twenty-two kiwis awarded the victoria cross - mostly during world war i. eight received them in the second world war , all but one in europe . 
 only mr. leffingwell earned his in the pacific . 
 and since our military has been progressively shrunk over the years , no kiwi has won one since 1945 , '' the kiwi commander explained . 
 `` mr. leffingwell earned a bronze star . 
 was that on the canal ? '' 
 `` many say it should have been higher , but he was n't an american . 
 mr. leffingwell is a local celebrity in the marlborough sound district . 
 his birthday is celebrated each year at the various rsa clubs . '' 
 `` rsa ? '' 
 `` returned services association . 
 where veterans go to socialize . 
 i think you have your american legion posts , '' the kiwi commander said . 
 `` well , the ` leffingwell battalion ' , as it 's become known , got transport over the cook strait and marched up here . 
 the group elected me as their commander , since i 've seen action , most recently as an officer with the british army in iraq . '' 
 `` i understand now . 
 noel , tell your grandfather when he returns we move out in the morning to reconnoiter the area ahead of us . 
 we 'll need a squad of your men to provide security , commander , '' major smith said . 
 chapter 17 cheyenne , wyoming `` governor , your delegate almost blew it yesterday , '' the idaho governor was agitated . 
 `` with her on the colorado delegation mouthing off with that liberal claptrap , the texas delegation almost rode home with this convention . '' 
 `` i am sorry about that . 
 i had no idea how bad she was until i saw her in action . 
 i thought a little counter argument would be good for things , '' the colorado governor said . 
 the constitutional convention had been adjourned for the weekend . 
 not because their business was n't critical - it was . 
 the new country needed a proper government to assume responsibility . 
 the martial law that had been declared by the member governors would work for a time , but a new form of permanent administration was needed to be put in place . 
 the weekend break had been agreed to by all parties to work behind the scenes in private . 
 after the failed vote to adopt the old u.s. constitution for the union of american states , each side in the argument knew that they needed time to organize . 
 each would be ready on monday morning to fight for the vision they had for the uas . 
 what had become known as the idaho plan was being supported by the original six states plus virginia , nebraska and ohio . 
 the opposing group was being led by louisiana and included texas and most of the old confederacy , with wisconsin and nevada being the only non-southern states in the louisiana group . 
 the five canadian provinces were meeting with the idaho group and supported their goals . 
 but all five had taken on a certain aloofness since the vote on friday . 
 realizing that they were outsiders in this debate , they were determined to watch the proceedings and decide where the new country was headed . 
 their primary reason for joining with the american states was to assure that the chinese invasion of british columbia would be repulsed . 
 they understood that american military power , even as crippled as it was presently , was their only hope for keeping the west coast of canada free and open . 
 so with twelve members caucusing under the idaho plan and eight working on the louisiana plan , that left twenty member states maintaining a neutral position on the constitution question . 
 it was for these undecided votes that each side worked hard over the weekend . 
 `` so what are we going to do about rebecca ? 
 can we throw her out of the convention ? '' 
 the south dakota governor asked . 
 `` i ca n't very well kick her off the delegation now . 
 it would appear obvious and our opponents would jump on it . 
 they would accuse us of demeaning women and there goes our argument with the women delegates , '' the montana governor offered . 
 `` besides , if you have n't noticed , our side is decidedly top-heavy with men . 
 there are more women in the other delegations , especially those neutral members . 
 we need their votes . '' 
 `` the governor is right . 
 if i may suggest ... '' the idaho governor stopped in mid-sentence . 
 he had noticed that paul had raised his pen beside him to inject something . 
 `` er , i think dr. kendall might have a solution . '' 
 `` sorry to interrupt , but my assistant , ms. amanda savage , informed me she has a solution . '' 
 amanda had jabbed him in the back to get his attention . 
 by the force of the jab , he assumed it was relevant to the discussion and not a love tap . 
 he turned to face a smiling amanda . 
 `` ms. savage . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i believe i could meet with rebecca and have a one-on-one with her . 
 maybe a little woman-on-woman time can provide a solution . 
 if that would meet the group 's approval , i 'll get on it right away , '' amanda said . 
 by the nods and murmurs of the delegates , they were happy to turn the rebecca problem over to anyone willing to take it on . 
 the idaho governor read the reaction . 
 `` amanda , i think our group has concurred . 
 thank you for taking this on and good luck . 
 you 'll need it . 
 and do n't forget , the future of our country is riding on what you do . '' 
 `` oh , thanks a lot , '' amanda said . 
 `` just kidding . 
 do your best as i know you will , '' the governor said . 
 amanda stood to leave , but made a point of bending over paul to ostensibly hand him a note . 
 paul felt her run her hand down his arm as she passed on the paper . 
 just a small reminder of her presence , he thought . 
 i like the gesture . 
 `` now , let 's get down to business . 
 we have this afternoon and tomorrow to swing some of the neutrals into our camp . 
 what are our strongest arguments for a new constitution ? '' 
 the montana governor asked . 
 the group settled into a brisk discussion on their issues . 
 paul sat and listened as each item came up . 
 it would be a long weekend with countless meetings to gather more support . 
 * * * monday morning arrived much too early for paul . 
 between all the late-night meetings , he was exhausted . 
 he grabbed some coffee from the counter outside the convention hall then receded into the background to try and gain some strength . 
 amanda walked up all perky , carrying a coffee and two bagels . 
 `` i grabbed a bagel for you . 
 i figured you might need it this morning . '' 
 `` thank you , '' was all paul could say . 
 the coffee did its job of jump starting his system . 
 he closed his eyes to let the caffeine work uninterrupted . 
 she stood close to paul , looking out over the gathering crowd of delegates . 
 paul could smell her freshly shampooed hair . 
 the smell stimulated him as much as the coffee . 
 he leaned slightly toward her to get a stronger dose . 
 she mumbled something that paul was too tired and distracted to comprehend . 
 `` i 'm sorry , too many late meetings trying to move more states to our side , '' paul uttered . 
 `` are you sure it was the late-night meetings with those other states ? 
 or maybe it was the other late-night activities that you 're complaining about ? '' 
 paul knew that it was his trying to keep up with a younger woman as well as his political horse trading that had gotten to him . 
 he leaned for support into the woman that certainly had changed his life . 
 amanda smiled as she leaned into paul . 
 now both their bodies were firmly squeezed tight against each other . 
 from a distance they looked like two individuals jammed side by side together in a tight space . 
 except there was no one else around them . 
 paul said , `` i need to get some sleep tonight . 
 ben franklin might have been up for this , but i 'm not . '' 
 `` ben franklin ? 
 what are you ... '' amanda was cut short . 
 `` did i hear someone mention ben franklin ? 
 great american . 
 they do n't make them like that anymore , '' the utah governor spoke as he stepped in front of the couple . 
 paul and amanda slowly moved apart to a more respectable distance . 
 `` yes , governor . 
 ms. savage and i were just discussing that you and your fellow governors are the founding fathers of our new nation . 
 we were wondering if your names will one day be spoken with the same reverence as when we speak of the original founding fathers , '' paul offered . 
 he was fully awake now . 
 the coffee and shampoo had fired up all his synapses . 
 he was ready . 
 `` hardly likely . 
 those men in 1786 were giants . 
 true giants . 
 if we can offer half the wisdom today that they provided back then , we can count ourselves deserving , '' the utah governor said . 
 luckily he was quickly led away as everyone began to enter the convention hall . 
 `` boy that was close . 
 we need to be careful , '' paul said . 
 `` but not too careful , '' amanda said as she turned to leave . 
 paul was met by the idaho governor as he entered the room . 
 `` well , we 'll soon find out if amanda did her job . '' 
 paul stopped short . 
 what job is he thinking about ? 
 he thought . 
 the governor noticed his hesitation and continued . 
 `` the rebecca dilemma . 
 remember ? 
 are you getting enough sleep ? 
 you 've been having a lot of late-night meetings . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , governor . 
 thank you for your concern , '' paul answered . 
 `` yes , we 'll find out soon if amanda did her job . '' 
 the convention moderator called the delegates to order . 
 everyone settled in for the first round of writing a new constitution . 
 lacking the required two-thirds vote for adopting the existing u.s. constitution , the convention was now committed to a new document . 
 `` mr. moderator , i move that we open the floor to a discussion of using the existing u.s. constitution as our rough draft and that amendments be proposed to it , rather than starting with a wholly new document , '' the louisiana governor said . 
 paul motioned to his governor and his caucus that this would be acceptable . 
 the real battle lay in the changes . 
 the u.s. constitution had been a sound document for over 200 years . 
 whether the member states could agree to major changes remained to be seen . 
 by acclamation , the old document was placed into discussion . 
 the canadian members sat quietly and watched . 
 paul nodded to the alberta minister to assure him that the action was acceptable . 
 `` mr. moderator , i would ask for the floor so that idaho may present our proposed changes . 
 dr. paul kendall has been selected by our caucus to present our case , '' the idaho governor said . 
 receiving permission to take the floor , paul turned on the overhead projector so that he could offer a visual presentation . 
 with every computer chip burnt out by ` the pulse ' , life reverted back to old technology . 
 `` fellow delegates , thank you for the opportunity to present what has become known as the idaho plan . 
 the proposed amendments to the way we will self-govern ourselves can easily be incorporated into the old constitution , '' paul said . 
 the bagel amanda had given him was now adding its carbohydrate load to his blood stream . 
 he was ready to argue his case . 
 he continued , `` the united states that we all knew had reached an impasse of insolvency and cronyism when the sun resolved our problems . 
 it would be folly to just pick up where we were , and continue on as if nothing was wrong with our government in washington d.c. '' paul continued his talk . 
 many in the room had heard it before . 
 many others had read his numerous books and articles on the subject . 
 paul had been a strong advocate for a major change to the u.s. government for some time . 
 `` everyone needs to understand what happened in our country over the last fifty years . 
 capitalism as we studied it in the history books was based on capital , or money saved for investment . 
 the united states had devolved away from capitalism and had slid into ` debtism ' ; a system based on debt . 
 the two are profoundly different , '' paul stated . 
 `` what difference does it make where the money comes from , as long as we have money to run our economy ? '' 
 horst demanded . 
 the texas delegation all nodded in agreement . 
 `` the difference is like night and day . 
 when we were on a system based on capital , it was the late 1800s and the united states was the fastest growing country on the planet . 
 switch to our recent past borrowing scheme and our gdp barely grew , '' paul answered . 
 `` and we 're a different country now than 100 years ago . 
 seems simple to me , '' horst threw back . 
 `` not so simple . 
 while we created debt out of thin air , china runs on capital and has the kind of growth rates we used to enjoy . 
 the differences in each economy is profound . 
 my fellow delegates , if we want a robust economy that can employ all our citizens in well-paying jobs , we need to reject a debt-based economy , '' paul said . 
 `` i suppose next you 'll say we need a monetary system based on gold , '' the oklahoma governor stated . 
 `` exactly . 
 return to a gold standard and deficit spending by government is curtailed . '' 
 the convention broke down into small groups discussing the merits of the topic . 
 paul wanted to get them back on track , as he had a number of items to cover . 
 the idaho plan was the formal proposal by twelve of the members of the union of american states . 
 paul continued the work of selling the plan to all the members . 
 `` let me put an overhead on that might explain the profound problems we were experiencing . 
 before we settle on a new government , we need to understand the problems of the old , '' paul said . 
 he placed an acetate sheet down . 
 united states - profound problems elections citizenship middle class taxes international trade debt `` let 's look at each one . 
 first and foremost issue is voting . 
 for too long , voting irregularities had cropped up . 
 the examples are too numerous to name them all . 
 the most notorious was john f. kennedy 's win in 1960 . 
 many believed that mayor richard daly manufactured sufficient votes in the city of chicago to assure kennedy 's carrying the state of illinois . 
 with those electoral votes , kennedy won the presidency . '' 
 a florida delegate added , `` do n't forget the ` hanging chad ' fiasco in florida that the u.s. supreme court finally decided in george bush 's favor . 
 funny how it was the democratic party of dade county that tried to manipulate the ballots to the benefit of al gore . '' 
 a washington state delegate jumped in . 
 `` our state of washington election for u.s. senator was a joke . 
 the republican candidate won in a close race , and the recount still gave the republican a victory . 
 since the gap had closed on the recount , a second recount was ordered . 
 amazingly , the democrat controlled king county found even more votes , this time making the democrat the victor . '' 
 `` a similar situation occurred in the state of missouri . 
 when the early count looked bad for the democrat senate candidate , the poll hours in the democrat controlled city of st. louis were extended until enough democratic votes were collected to assure victory over the republican , '' a missouri delegate added . 
 `` then there was minnesota 's problem with new voters showing up just before the election for u.s. senator . 
 along with absentee ballots that were questionable , that democratic idiot al franken won a narrow victory , '' a delegate from south dakota chuckled . 
 `` do n't forget oregon 's vote by mail . 
 or ` vote by fraud ' as its affectionately called . 
 no attempt at proper identification was ever made to determine if people in oregon were even still alive , '' an oregon delegate responded . 
 `` oh yeah , someone even showed up at a polling place saying he was someone he was n't . 
 the worker was ready to hand him a ballot when he stopped them saying he was making a public demonstration of the failure of the system . 
 turned out he was impersonating the attorney general of the united states , '' the virginia governor said . 
 `` that would be the same attorney general that sued the state of florida for requiring an id to vote . 
 he said that checking id 's was tantamount to denying minorities the right to vote , '' the north carolina governor said . 
 `` the man had gall , that 's for sure . '' 
 paul broke in before more state delegates recalled problem votes . 
 `` you all have stories of questionable votes and i know that there are many more . 
 that 's why we need to establish a new standard for voting . '' 
 paul outlined the changes in the new constitution he felt were needed to assure that national elections would be honest . 
 in the future , all national elections would be by paper ballot at polling places with registration limited to 90 days before the election . 
 a picture id would be required before voting . 
 no computer software could be manipulated to compromise the vote as well . 
 further , all ballots would be numbered so that they could be accounted for against unused blank ballots suddenly showing up to swing a close election . 
 paul reminded the members that under any new constitution , member states would be free to conduct state elections any way they chose . 
 the new amendment would only apply to national elections . 
 paul pointed out that the key to the idaho plan was reinstalling a republican form of government where each member state was sovereign . 
 just as the original constitution attempted , each state would choose the powers it would assign to the central government . 
 the idaho plan offered stronger language throughout their proposed constitution to limit the size of any national government . 
 he explained the united sates had lost its way and had become the end-all of large governments . 
 when he made this statement , he was gratified that almost all the delegates nodded their head in agreement . 
 he hoped that if nothing else , the common government they all would choose would be significantly smaller than the one in the recent past . 
 the governor of virginia offered a request , `` i would ask that the delegates take a vote to confirm that we are providing a republican form of government , and that we will work to that end . '' 
 the moderator asked the question and had paul offer the language to strengthen the original constitution . 
 over three quarters of the delegates showed approval for the measure . 
 next paul raised the second issue ; the question of who was a citizen of the new country . 
 he described the misinterpretation of the u.s. constitution that defined a person as a u.s. citizen . 
 he pointed out that the united states had been unique in the world in conferring citizenship on anyone who happened to be born in the u.s. . 
 it was a profound problem when anyone stealing into the u.s. could have a child born here and then get full rights . 
 `` what ? 
 are you saying we should throw out all those people who through no fault of their own , are now living here , '' rebecca shouted . 
 `` there are millions of innocent people who have known no other place who would be affected . 
 and most of these people happen to be people of color . '' 
 the moderator motioned to hold her voice down . 
 paul looked at amanda and got a shrug in return . 
 maybe she had n't quite got to rebecca over the weekend . 
 it would be a long day , he thought . 
 `` if i may refer to article fourteen , '' paul said as he read aloud . 
 `` all persons born or naturalized in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the united states and of the state wherein they reside . '' 
 he paused to let the phrase sink in . 
 `` the optimal words there are ` subject to the jurisdiction thereof ' . '' 
 `` so , what 's your point ? '' 
 rebecca flashed back . 
 `` if someone crosses illegally into our country and gives birth , they are outside the law . 
 consequently the old constitution states that they ca n't be citizens since they are not ` subject to the jurisdiction thereof ' . 
 same as tourists visiting here . 
 they are not ` subject to the jurisdiction thereof ' also , and would not obtain citizenship for any baby born during their visit , '' paul said . 
 `` are you proposing throwing out all the undocumented workers and their children then ? '' 
 rebecca asked . 
 her tone offered defiance . 
 amanda definitely had n't got to her , he thought . 
 `` a country is defined by its borders , language and culture . 
 the united states was quickly losing its identity by not enforcing its borders . 
 our common language and culture was vaporizing to the overall detriment of the entire country , '' paul said . 
 `` you mean the white man 's language and the white man 's culture . 
 i think our diversity was our strength and the more it evolved away from the status quo , the better , '' rebecca challenged . 
 the governor of alabama jumped into the discussion . 
 `` you might think that ms. richards , but i can assure you that the majority of the delegates in this room are going to support western civilization . 
 if that implies a white man 's world to you , then you 're going to have to deal with it . 
 i 'd be happy to call for the question right now . 
 may we have a show of hands on this issue ? '' 
 `` the question has been called and seconded , '' the moderator said . 
 he asked paul to state the language he offered to clarify who would be a citizen in the uas . 
 the hands shot up in support , solving paul 's second profound problem . 
 four more to go , the last four would turn out harder to resolve than paul anticipated . 
 chapter 18 spokane , washington -lrb- 1 week into the military campaign -rrb- clearing out northern idaho had progressed rapidly after the warlord gang had been taken into custody in coeur d’ alene . 
 the supply trains were rolling into the area from missoula and task force delta was ready to move out . 
 a company of troops had headed north toward sandpoint to clear out northern washington state . 
 radio reports from the two task forces in oregon showed that they were making good progress moving west . 
 task force alpha had closed up to bend with little difficulty . 
 the people in the area had closed off the mountain passes quickly and kept the large urban population from ravaging the area . 
 task force beta had moved up to the collapsed bridges over the john day river next to the columbia river . 
 the interstate bridge and the train bridge had both been dropped so as to deny refugees moving into eastern oregon . 
 now , the task force had to repair the broken portion of one collapsed span in order to keep their advance moving toward portland . 
 general ed gale rode with his security guards into fairchild air force base just outside spokane . 
 after the capture of the thugs in idaho , word spread fast and the gang in spokane evacuated the area quickly . 
 `` general , we 've located the communication center for the air base . 
 i can take you there if you wish , '' sergeant wilder of task force delta 's scout unit reported . 
 `` very good , sergeant . 
 lead the way , '' ed said . 
 he motioned to his driver to move out behind the two scout motorcycles . 
 the communication specialist that had been found rode behind him . 
 `` corporal , can you get this radio operating ? '' 
 ed asked as they entered the center . 
 the air force had a large tower with a number of radios in the adjacent building . 
 ed hoped that the scavengers who had looted the abandoned base had ignored the old tube radio . 
 ` the pulse ' had knocked out the unhardened radios , but had n't touched the old vacuum tube set . 
 `` sir , it looks intact . 
 probably been sitting here since the fifties . 
 those looters did n't know what they had when they came looking , '' the corporal said . 
 he worked the switches as troops outside hooked up the generator they had towed behind the supply truck . 
 soon the electricity from the roaring generator had the dials glowing . 
 `` here corporal , this is the frequency i need and the call sign . 
 i received this communiqué yesterday from boise . 
 i figured i needed more power to reach admiral lanciani . 
 he should be somewhere between hawaii and the west coast , '' ed said . 
 `` do n't worry , general . 
 this setup was made to reach anywhere in the world . 
 we may have to key the message though , to get it through clearly . '' 
 ed knew sending messages by morse code was the old-fashioned way , but with satellites knocked out , the old-fashioned ways would have to do . 
 and he could n't rely on voice carrying that far and being received clearly . 
 no , this message had to be clearly understood . 
 the corporal gave the thumbs up sign that he had made contact with the admiral 's carrier battle group . 
 a few questions were tapped out on the key to assure the general that the admiral was truly on the other end . 
 `` corporal , send this message in the clear . 
 we do n't have all the fancy computer encryption on our end . 
 the navy may have one that 's hardened , but we are lacking , '' ed said . 
 the corporal sent the message . 
 there was a long pause as the message was interpreted far out at sea . 
 soon , a positive response was received . 
 `` good , he has it . 
 now send these . '' 
 ed handed the corporal a long sheet of numbers . 
 the numbers were all grouped in three . 
 the corporal hesitated as he looked at the long list . 
 ed offered a brief explanation . 
 `` book code , corporal . 
 the admiral and i were ship mates when we both flew jets off the nimitz . 
 i remembered his favorite book that he gave me a copy of as a gift . 
 i still have it . '' 
 the corporal was really confused now . 
 ed could tell that his radioman wondered what does a gift from long ago has to do with the business at hand . 
 ed offered further , `` we confirmed that the admiral has that same book on board . 
 then i simply use my copy to write out my message in a book code . 
 first number is page , second number is line , and last number is the word . 
 simple but very effective . '' 
 `` as long as the ` other guy ' does n't have the book . '' 
 `` we 'll trust the chinese are n't knowledgeable about our 20-year-old reading habits , '' ed offered . 
 the corporal dutifully keyed through the long list of numbers . 
 he received a confirmation from the u.s.s. enterprise and handed it to ed . 
 a plan was now in place . 
 ed had to hustle his forces to see that it was accomplished . 
 `` sergeant wilder , are you ready to lead us to portland ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` sir , portland it is . 
 i 'll get the scouts up and running . '' 
 `` sergeant , you need to split your team . 
 the main column will still be tasked to close with seattle . 
 they will wait on the outskirts while the rest of the state is cleared . 
 please handpick your men for a dash to astoria . 
 we 'll bypass portland as much as possible and avoid any firefights . 
 we 'll have half the strykers and the minimum number of troops as well as supply trucks to get us to the mouth of the columbia . '' 
 ed radioed colonel schmol to hold up the column near ritzville and he would meet him there to explain the change in plans . 
 he then radioed task force beta and instructed them to make all haste repairing the railroad bridge . 
 they could cross with their vehicles first with the supply trains from boise following . 
 when ed reached ritzville , the column was stretched along interstate 90 . 
 men were cooking lunch beside their vehicles and waved as the general drove past . 
 their spirits are good , ed thought . 
 the weather continued to be sunny and warm which helped the troop 's morale . 
 this kind of weather also meant that the palouse country would be ready to plow and plant in new wheat . 
 supply trains would have to bring up fuel and new parts to get the tractors ready . 
 seed would also have to be brought up . 
 from the look of the locals , any local seed had been eaten over the last six months . 
 `` colonel , i 'm splitting our forces . 
 i have to be in astoria within a week . 
 i need to travel fast and hit any obstacle hard . 
 we ca n't get tied down anywhere along the way , '' ed said . 
 `` general , you 're sticking your neck out on this one . 
 i hope what 's in astoria will be worth it . '' 
 `` it will be , colonel . 
 and if it all works , task force beta will be right behind us . 
 once they secure portland , we 'll all turn north and combine our forces for the capture of seattle . 
 task force alpha will push into eugene and then head south to the siskiyou mountains . 
 that will protect our flank from any foes drifting up out of california , '' ed said . 
 `` i 'll get the fuel truck up here and top off all your vehicles . 
 i doubt there are many gas stations between here and the pacific . 
 the smaller trucks should cover the distance . 
 i 'll make sure you have enough fuel trucks with you just in case , '' the task force commander said . 
 * * * the dash to the coast turned out to be uneventful . 
 a member of sergeant wilder 's scout team had lived in clark county on the washington state side of the columbia river . 
 he knew the back roads to get the column around vancouver without stumbling into any bad guys . 
 the surviving locals came out of hiding to welcome ed 's forces , but the column kept moving . 
 when ed stopped to talk to some of the people , he learned that there were very few who had survived the aftermath of ` the pulse ' . 
 the gangs had streamed out of portland and laid waste to the surrounding area . 
 people fled further into the forest for protection . 
 when the food ran out , everyone started starving to death . 
 the lucky few who had stocked up in secluded places had made it . 
 the locals reported that portland was a ghost town . 
 some people still lived down the willamette valley on farms that had managed to avoid the chaos . 
 ed took in the grim news and was more determined to keep the column moving toward its goal . 
 they reached astoria two days ahead of schedule . 
 ed had learned that task force beta had repaired the damaged railroad bridge and the column 's vehicles had crossed the river . 
 they were moving through the dalles and would soon enter portland . 
 task force alpha had crossed the cascade range and had split up . 
 one prong headed to salem and the other went down the mckenzie river towards eugene . 
 with no railroad for support , the task force would be halted in eugene until supply trains could make their way down the valley . 
 ed radioed his arrival in a coded message to the u.s.s. enterprise . 
 he received a coded message back . 
 he reached for his copy of the book and worked out the message . 
 admiral lanciani would bring the battle group in a day ahead of schedule . 
 * * * ed sat by the south jetty as he watched the enterprise battle group approach the mouth of the columbia river . 
 he had arranged a river pilot from astoria to take one of the few running skiffs out to the fleet and assist them in crossing the bar . 
 the columbia river bar was called the graveyard of the pacific for a reason . 
 the shifting sand bars were notorious for grabbing unsuspecting boats and holding them while the crashing waves of the north pacific pounded them to death . 
 ed wanted to make sure the battle group crossed without mishap . 
 luckily the coast area had missed much of the chaos . 
 communities knew to barricade the roads from the cities . 
 with fish and other marine life to survive off of , people had come through relatively unscathed . 
 the first destroyer made its run up the channel indicated by one of the pilots . 
 ed watched through his field glasses as the ship cleared the danger zone . 
 then , one by one , each of the ten ships of the battle group entered the river . 
 the carrier was the last to make the attempt . 
 a large contingent of townspeople had gathered to watch the historic event . 
 everyone sighed with relief as the enterprise pulled up in front of the astoria waterfront and dropped both its anchors . 
 the other ships had all taken up anchoring positions around the large green bridge that towered over the river . 
 only the smaller ships could anchor upriver of the bridge . 
 ed met the admiral 's barge and was transported out to the enterprise . 
 he had n't seen his friend in a few years . 
 bud lanciani had been commanding officer of the fighter wing he had been assigned to on the u.s.s. nimitz . 
 they had become close friends during their tour of duty and as bud had moved up in rank , ed had transferred to special ops . 
 their most recent meeting had been ed 's last mission as a u.s. navy seal . 
 ed 's team had been flown onto bud 's carrier in the arabian sea for helicopter insertion into iraq . 
 over the last few years they had stayed in touch by email , but had n't seen each other since being together in the middle east . 
 climbing up the side of the ship , ed was escorted to the admiral 's quarters . 
 he knew the way , but it had been a long time . 
 the escorting ensign made sure he did n't take a wrong turn . 
 `` ed ! 
 or rather general , it 's great to see you . 
 i ca n't get over you in a general 's uniform . '' 
 bud lanciani greeted him upon entering his stateroom . 
 `` can i get you a drink ? 
 you look like you could use one . '' 
 `` the navy always did provide nice accommodations , '' ed said as he looked around at the large room . 
 an admiral 's quarters on a nuclear aircraft carrier were quite luxurious by military standards . 
 `` i 've been sharing an open jeep with three guys for a couple of weeks now . '' 
 sitting down with their drinks , the two friends looked at each other . 
 bud finally broke the silence . 
 `` i hear it 's bad out there . '' 
 `` worse than you can imagine . 
 the big cities are empty . 
 a few people came out of hiding when we arrived , but areas that did n't prepare are desolate . 
 the ninety percent fatality rate predicted by the emp commission was accurate i 'm afraid , '' ed explained . 
 `` those bastards in washington . 
 they had years to do something and they screwed the pooch instead . '' 
 `` just be glad for the states that did prepare . 
 without them this country would be ripe for a chinese picking . 
 a ninety percent fatality rate across the whole country would have left thirty million people to hold off the invaders . 
 it would have been hard to stop them at the mississippi river , '' ed explained . 
 they both shuddered at the thought . 
 `` what kind of death rate did you suffer ? '' 
 `` the states that prepared suffered less than five percent . 
 mostly the old and badly compromised medically . 
 the big cities like st. louis and houston took a big hit . 
 it took a while to get those places under control , '' ed said . 
 bud looked at his friend of many years and asked . 
 `` what about ellen and her family ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid that only my two grandkids survived . 
 ellen and her husband were in italy at the time . 
 i suppose there 's a chance ... '' `` i 'm sorry , '' bud offered . 
 `` but i hear you 've been pissing off the high command . 
 when i got your message there was another note from my commander . 
 they wanted to know where you were and why you had n't reported to home base yet , '' ed said . 
 `` those pissants . 
 when ` the pulse ' hit , the satnav went down along with any satellite communications . 
 the cno 's office radioed on the old net to immediately report back to the u.s. . 
 we heard the acknowledgements of the various deployed battle groups . 
 they all headed home . '' 
 `` but not you ? '' 
 ed said . 
 `` no sir , i was n't about to leave our boys trapped in afghanistan . 
 i turned off the radio and headed out to help . 
 one of my destroyers picked up a small carrier with a marine expeditionary force still at diego garcia . 
 we loaded up food from garcia and my destroyer captain convinced the marines to do the right thing . '' 
 `` yeah , like that was very hard to do , '' ed offered . 
 `` you have to love those marines . 
 anyway , we notified the commander in afghanistan to move his forces to the indian ocean and we 'd pick them up . 
 we could only handle a third at a time , so we dropped off all the extra food . 
 then we took a third to australia . 
 another third ended up in new zealand , and we have the remaining third on board . '' 
 `` boy , are you going to catch hell . 
 one hundred thousand troops safe because one old sea dog would n't follow orders . 
 how 's it feel to be a mutineer ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` those pencil pushers in washington can kiss my you-know-what . 
 they can court martial me anytime now . 
 i did what needed to be done . '' 
 `` hate to tell you , but you 'll probably get a medal . 
 those pencil pushers are probably all dead now . 
 they are if the stayed in washington . 
 the place has been described by those close by as hell on earth . 
 and besides , there 's a new country in town . 
 the union of american states . 
 in fact , they 're meeting in wyoming as we speak to hammer out a new constitution , '' ed offered . 
 `` so where does the old country fit in , so to speak , when it comes to the armed forces ? '' 
 bud asked . 
 `` most of the armed forces swung over to the uas when the old president went on the air to thank the chinese for providing food and security to the suffering masses of california . 
 after that , his authority seemed to evaporate . 
 there are still a few holdout units , mostly in the northeast , '' ed said . 
 `` that guy was a weasel from the start . 
 i ca n't believe enough people bought his line of crap to get him elected . '' 
 `` if santa claus runs for president , santa claus will win , every time , '' ed said . 
 `` too many people looking for a handout from the government , and he stood at the head of the line promising them the world . 
 if ` the pulse ' had n't finished him off , the monetary day of reckoning that was fast approaching would have done the job , '' ed said . 
 `` now , we need to talk about kicking some serious chinese butt . 
 how soon can we disembark the troops ? '' 
 bud asked . 
 bud and ed went over the logistics of the coming campaign . 
 the battle group was low on fuel and food . 
 ed assured him that supply trains would soon arrive with both . 
 with over thirty thousand experienced troops on board , ed could send his local units back to provide security in the towns they had passed through . 
 he knew more bad guys were still out there waiting for an opportunity to strike . 
 they had gone to higher ground when his superior force had arrived . 
 hunger would force them down out of the mountains and ed wanted security ready to sweep them up immediately . 
 but ed needed to move these new troops now . 
 and the admiral needed fuel for his ships . 
 the fleet tanker that accompanied his battle group was empty . 
 before any other operations could be planned , the ships and the tanker would have to be topped off . 
 that meant moving oil from the montana refineries to astoria . 
 food was the other critical need . 
 thirty thousand battle-hardened troops had been living on combat rations for a long time . 
 real food would have to be brought in from around the uas to keep them healthy . 
 plus food for the over ten thousand sailors in the battle group . 
 ed worked with his staff to arrange train transport for both . 
 returning trains would take part of his force east to spokane where it would find transportation west toward seattle . 
 he wanted to strike seattle in force from two directions . 
 trains from portland would head north with the remaining forces . 
 the war had become a repeat of the civil war of the 1860s . 
 even world war i had been a war dominated by the movement of armies by rail . 
 at that time , motor vehicle transport was relatively new in warfare . 
 once again , trains were dictating movement since ` the pulse ' had eliminated most vehicles . 
 the limited number of vehicles slowly coming back on line were reserved for the local movement of units . 
 while some trains had been hardened by state edict before ` the pulse ' , their numbers were being tested at the demands of the uas . 
 ed only had a limited number of engines available for his campaign against the chinese , and until more diesel locomotives were rebuilt , he would have to watch his logistics carefully . 
 he reminded his staff of this , so only essential items found space on the rail cars . 
 `` how soon will everything be in place , colonel ? '' 
 ed asked his logistics chief . 
 `` we 'll be lucky to be ready in a month . 
 the fuel that the navy needs is killing us . 
 is there any other option ? '' 
 `` no , the full battle group is essential to our plans . 
 if you need any more troops to make it happen , i can reassign as many as you need , '' ed offered . 
 `` not unless they can pull trains . 
 i 'm good on the manpower . 
 it 's the train power i 'm lacking . 
 we had another engine go down near missoula yesterday . 
 we 're not getting proper maintenance done and its showing . 
 i 'll do the best i can , sir . '' 
 `` i know you will . 
 your staff has done exemplary work getting us this far . 
 repairing the john day bridge so fast convinced me , if nothing else did . 
 carry on , colonel , '' ed said . 
 he knew he had the best staff and they would get it done . 
 he could live with a month for preparations if he had to . 
 it was still only late spring , which left plenty of time for fighting in good weather . 
 he wanted this over before the notorious fall rainy weather hit . 
 and he was nervous about how many chinese troops had been inserted into the seattle area . 
 his intel confirmed at least one full strength infantry division of the red army had arrived . 
 reports were sketchy about an armored brigade arriving and that made him nervous . 
 he still had n't received any tanks from the regular army . 
 the few regular army units that were still intact were being sent to defend a line through the sierra mountains . 
 containment of chinese forces to california was the order of the day . 
 consequently , any available m-1 abrams tanks and bradley infantry vehicles were being sent towards arizona . 
 the open desert between phoenix and los angeles was perfect tank country . 
 infantry could hold the passes between nevada and california , but mobile units were needed in the south . 
 ed would have to rely on his strykers and whatever else he could scrounge up . 
 ed was a good scrounger , and he knew he had found the perfect replacement for his missing armored brigade . 
 chapter 19 seattle , washington chairman z lay in bed trying not to move . 
 his sore muscles screamed in pain whenever he changed positions . 
 he opened his eyes slowly and looked out the window to his right . 
 another sunny day in seattle . 
 at least that was better than drilling in the damn rain . 
 and it had been raining the last two weeks . 
 he moved his arm and felt the muscles revolt . 
 chairman z knew what was coming next . 
 ever since word had reached seattle that the americans were moving west , the chinese had started preparing and training . 
 his force of thugs had been formed into a formal brigade with chinese officers overseeing training . 
 that 's why chairman z was slowly moving to the bathroom to retrieve some aspirin . 
 he needed relief from the pain . 
 he and his ` troops ' were being pushed hard by their chinese handlers in order to be ready for battle . 
 gone were the days of drinking and pillaging . 
 now his men were constantly grumbling about how the good old days were over . 
 this is giving a bad name to being a thug , chairman z thought . 
 he longed for the old days of simple exploitation of a ravaged unarmed population . 
 colonel lin of the chinese army walked in and spoke to chairman z. `` the enemy force we have been preparing for has arrived . 
 our scouts came in this morning with news that the americans have formed up on our defensive lines south of tacoma and east of bellevue . '' 
 `` then we 'll see action soon . 
 i need to get to my brigade , '' chairman z said , putting on the show of being a real commander of troops . 
 he knew the first chance they got , they would all head to the hills . 
 `` not to worry . 
 we have been expecting them for a month now . 
 we are n't sure what took them so long . 
 we have our mig21s ready . 
 the americans are in for a surprise . 
 they still have only strykers as their heaviest weapon . 
 our migs will make quick work of them , '' the colonel said . 
 it was true that besides the full infantry division that had been landed and deployed to prepare defensive lines , a full armored brigade had arrived . 
 it would act as the chinese ready reserve . 
 if any spot on the line showed signs of breaking , the t-98 tanks would move in to support . 
 a copy of the russian t-72 main battle tank , the chinese had made improvements to the t-98 . 
 along with american m-1 abrams tanks captured at ft. lewis , the chinese armored reserve was substantial . 
 the chinese had even raided the ft. lewis tank museum and gotten many of those pieces operational . 
 * * * `` general gale , the east force is calling in , sir , '' the radioman said . 
 `` gale here . 
 what 's your situation ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 he received the news he wanted . 
 the north force had called earlier that they were ready . 
 his south force had just placed its last units in position . 
 all three prongs of his attack were ready . 
 he turned to his navy liaison officer . 
 `` inform the admiral that we are ready . 
 execute plan freedom as outlined . '' 
 the navy warrant officer got on the radio and in the prearranged code , informed the battle fleet to commence operations . 
 ed smiled as he received acknowledgement . 
 the battle group had finished its preparations and had left the columbia river two days ago . 
 with the nuclear los angles class attack submarine leading the way , they headed north toward puget sound . 
 now stationed off the olympic peninsula , they would be the leading elements in the liberation of seattle . 
 smiling inwardly , he thought of the surprise the chinese were about to receive . 
 why bring an armored brigade to a fight when you can you can carry a nuclear aircraft carrier battle group in your back pocket ? 
 ed pondered . 
 the might of the old united states was about to be unleashed , and for the first time in two hundred years , americans would be fighting to repel an invader . 
 `` first wave is airborne , sir , '' the navy radioman said . 
 ed knew from his time on carriers that the first wave would consist of electronic warfare planes equipped with hellfire missiles to blind the air defense system of the chinese . 
 cruise missiles had taken over that job but with the gps system fried when the satellites were knocked out , the navy had to revert to old tactics . 
 no drones either for surveillance . 
 too much had been tied to the satellites , ed thought . 
 luckily the navy still had fliers old enough to remember the old way . 
 they had spent the time since ` the pulse ' training the new pilots what life without electronic help was like . 
 the past six months work was about to pay off . 
 `` sir , helicopters have just reported a chinese submarine in the area . '' 
 `` take it out , now , '' ed yelled . 
 the chinese also had nuclear subs and it was n't surprising that they had one in the area . 
 the threat to the battle group was significant , hence ed 's emphatic order . 
 luckily the chinese boat emitted significantly more noise than an american sub . 
 it was therefore easier to spot and track . 
 `` depth charges already on the way , sir . '' 
 they waited for the next report . 
 it seemed to take forever but it finally came . 
 `` they got her , sir . 
 sonar reports sounds of a sub breaking up . '' 
 ed was relieved . 
 he knew bud would tolerate zero mistakes right now . 
 everyone had standing orders to shoot first and ask permission later . 
 as the only naval presence on the west coast , admiral lanciani would guard his ships from all threats . 
 `` second strike is forming up , sir . '' 
 ed knew this would be the f-18 super hornets making ready to attack the airfields . 
 eliminating the chinese red air force was crucial in attaining air superiority over the battle field . 
 once that was accomplished , then his troops would move out . 
 the navy would provide the heavy fire power needed to subdue any armored threat the chinese could mount . 
 the day progressed with ed standing by his navy liaison . 
 reports streamed in that chinese radar units had been eliminated . 
 then the super hornets hit the airfields . 
 the chinese were scrambling their migs when the first f-18s hit them hard . 
 a handful of migs got airborne , only to meet a superior adversary in the american fighters . 
 ed knew from his pilot days that there was no way the chinese planes would survive . 
 americans had been fighting over other people 's countries for decades . 
 they were not about to let any invader live through the day . 
 by nightfall , the navy reported all known air assets eliminated . 
 the chinese might have some planes hidden somewhere and they would be handled if they rose up to challenge the navy . 
 tomorrow would begin the ground campaign . 
 `` general , you wanted to see me ? '' 
 sergeant wilder asked . 
 `` yes , sergeant . 
 i want your scouts moving out at first light to watch our left flank . 
 the road over by dash point is lightly guarded and i want your unit to scout towards tacoma for hostiles . 
 if you run into anything , call in and we 'll crank up the navy , '' ed said . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i 'm feeling like jeb stuart to bobby lee right now . '' 
 `` that you are , sergeant . 
 we ca n't have overwhelming forces everywhere , so we need to watch for a chinese flank attack . 
 and if you 're comparing me to robert e. lee , i 'm flattered . 
 i guess we are both rebels of washington , d.c. much different cause though , sergeant . '' 
 `` yes , sir , but still doing god 's work , '' sergeant wilder said . 
 * * * `` well colonel , there goes your air force . 
 i thought you said the americans would n't have any airpower , '' chairman z said . 
 he was in the headquarters of the southern chinese defensive zone . 
 colonel lin stood beside him and it looked as if lin 's blood was about to boil . 
 `` listen , i do n't need your smart observations right now . 
 san francisco assured us that the american air force was in total disarray . 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 `` you might have attended high school here in the states and learned to speak english , but you did n't learn anything about americans . 
 first of all , those are navy jets bombing the crap out of your wonderful migs . 
 your guys stand no chance against the navy . '' 
 chairman z was enjoying this . 
 he knew he was about to die no matter what and the thought was liberating . 
 `` second , that means there 's a battle group offshore somewhere . 
 so you can forget any supplies coming through . 
 if we do n't die fighting , we will slowly starve to death . '' 
 suddenly two f-18s screamed over the tree tops . 
 both men reacted quickly and dropped to the floor of their hardened bunker . 
 the earth rocked and threw them into the air . 
 they staggered to their feet in time to see the fire ball from four napalm bombs consuming their front-line troops . 
 the heat blasted back toward headquarters . 
 `` and third , colonel , you 're about to get a serious american ass whipping , '' chairman z said . 
 `` bastards . 
 at least all they have are farm boys from montana to fight with . 
 our infantry will hold those rag-tag troops out . 
 and we still have no reports of tanks on the american side . '' 
 `` yeah , keep living in a dream world colonel . 
 just like the japs did in world war ii . 
 if you think the americans were pissed after pearl harbor , what do you think they 're feeling with you guys standing on u.s. soil ? 
 i 'm sure you will hold up about as well as saddam 's boys did in iraq , '' chairman z said . 
 `` you speak too much . 
 maybe i need to teach you some manners ? '' 
 `` be my guest . 
 what do you think my fellow country men are going to do when they catch up with me ? 
 after what i 've done , anything you can think of will be nothing . '' 
 chairman z knew there would be no mercy shown to him or his followers . 
 `` do n't push me , '' the colonel said . 
 `` what i do n't understand is where the americans are getting their strength from . 
 the red army read the u.s. congressional report on emp . 
 they prepared ships and waited for this eventuality . 
 the report stated that three hundred million americans should be dead or dying by now . 
 that would have made the country totally ripe for our invasion . '' 
 `` yeah , thirty million surviving americans sure could n't stop you . 
 a ninety percent death rate in china would still leave one hundred and twenty million people . 
 you could send thirty million over here , and not much would have stopped you , '' chairman z said . 
 `` but the party had planned . 
 they had hardened much of the grid . 
 and rural china would n't even notice ` the pulse ' . 
 they have little electricity now . 
 the party estimated that four hundred million chinese would survive an emp . 
 enough to spread chinese settlers around the world . 
 i do n't understand where they miscalculated . '' 
 `` i 'll venture that some parts of america acted on their own to prepare , '' chairman z said . 
 f-18s again screamed overhead and both men dropped to their knees . 
 they were already getting used to the battle . 
 but this time the fireball was behind them as a grove of tall douglas fir trees turned into a raging inferno . 
 both men turned and looked out the rear view port to see two hundred foot trees crackling in flame . 
 `` that 's where our reserve armor was parked . 
 how did they know it was there ? '' 
 the colonel asked . 
 `` remember , pillaging the locals does n't make for good allies . 
 i 'm sure someone sneaked over to the other side and tipped them off . '' 
 the colonel showed his anger at the cowardice of his adversary . 
 `` why do n't they attack ? 
 my troops are ready . '' 
 the two men barely moved in reaction to the next set of f-18s screaming in from the west . 
 chairman z realized that the jets were lined up on the headquarters . 
 he reacted like a rat in a box . 
 he ran out the door heading north toward seattle as fast as his feet could take him . 
 he barely had cleared the area when it exploded in flame . 
 the concussion threw his body forward , landing him in some brush . 
 he scrambled quickly under a large fallen douglas fir tree for cover as the flames raced toward him . 
 chairman z dug into the ground as close as he could and was hit by the hot air being pushed ahead of the bomb blast . 
 he sucked and held his breath as the air burst into flame all around him . 
 he held on tightly as fire consumed nearby . 
 he felt his clothes disintegrating and the flames licking at his body . 
 then it was over . 
 oxygen returned and chairman z gasped for breath . 
 all around him fires smoldered as the napalm lingered . 
 he crawled out from under his log and stepped toward an open spot of pavement . 
 safe from the residual flames , chairman z surveyed what was left . 
 the headquarters were a smoldering wreck . 
 burnt bodies lay all over the ground . 
 he could n't tell which was colonel lin , but one of the corpses was certainly his . 
 then the pain hit him . 
 he looked down and saw what was left of his clothes . 
 luckily he had worn cotton clothes this morning , as they withstood flash flames better than polyester . 
 what was left of his shirt and pants hung in rags and parts of his legs were red with blisters . 
 he checked the rest of his body . 
 amazingly , no other part of his body had any severe burns . 
 he turned and started walking toward seattle and help . 
 at least he had sufficient wounds to get him off the frontline . 
 he would live another day . 
 his brigade would n't be so lucky . 
 chairman z soon ran into the armored unit that had been bombed . 
 from the burning vehicles and the exploding ordnance , he doubted that anyone had survived . 
 he gave this danger zone a wide berth . 
 further north he came to interstate 5 , the main freeway toward seattle . 
 it still shocked him to see it deserted . 
 he decided to walk north along the highway , keeping close to the edge in case he needed cover quickly . 
 chairman z turned as he heard a truck approaching . 
 it was a u.s. army truck that had been commandeered from ft. lewis when that base had been captured . 
 the chinese driver slowed and then stopped , offering chairman z a ride . 
 lacking english , the driver could n't explain why he was on such a perilous journey . 
 chairman z made a motion to thank the driver , but that he preferred to walk . 
 the truck moved off heading toward seattle . 
 chairman z thought again that maybe walking was n't such a great idea . 
 his blistered legs were throbbing and it was another fifteen miles to the chinese-run hospital . 
 more jets flew over and more explosions shook the ground as chairman z 's journey took him closer to help . 
 but none of the attacks were close to his position and he kept a steady pace moving north . 
 as he came over a rise near the sea-tac airport exit , he could see debris littering the highway . 
 small fires still burned when he reached the mess . 
 he picked his way carefully through the various obstacles in the road . 
 he recognized the truck that had stopped for him . 
 at least he recognized some of the parts . 
 chairman z pressed on . 
 finally reaching the chinese hospital near boeing field , he collapsed at the entry . 
 orderlies were rushing about as wounded chinese troops were brought in for treatment . 
 one of the orderlies walked up to chairman z and stopped . 
 he stared at chairman z and then turned and walked off . 
 treating americans was n't a priority , chairman z thought . 
 suits me fine . 
 at least i 'm out of that death trap back near tacoma . 
 as he lay there , the pain increased . 
 the adrenaline of the attack and the hike to safety wore off . 
 he sat against the wall as more staff walked by ignoring him . 
 finally a european woman stopped and knelt down . 
 she lifted the burnt clothes and examined him . 
 `` you have some second-degree burns on your legs . 
 the rest of you looks ok . 
 i 'll go get some ointment and bandages . 
 you 'll feel better in a minute . '' 
 `` who are you ? 
 what are you doing here with the chinese ? '' 
 chairman z asked . 
 `` i 'm a nurse that got trapped in seattle when the chinese came . 
 we were all excited at the time that finally food and security had come . 
 boy , did our opinion change fast . '' 
 `` thank you for helping me . 
 will you get in trouble ? 
 it seems that americans are n't welcome here , '' chairman z asked . 
 `` do n't worry , '' the nurse said . 
 the nurse was soon back and treated his injuries . 
 she gave him a shot to help ease the pain . 
 `` the pain medicine is reserved for chinese personnel only , so do n't ask anyone else for more . 
 i 'll try to get back to you for a second shot later . 
 hang in here the best you can . 
 and the accommodations you have are the best you 'll get , so make yourself as comfortable as you can , '' the nurse said . 
 he laid back and let the pain medicine do its job . 
 chairman z drifted off , dreaming of a different time and a different place . 
 a place more civilized . 
 he wondered where ` the chairwoman ' was . 
 it would be nice if she was here to hold him right now . 
 he missed her . 
 chapter 20 boise , idaho dr. paul kendall lay in bed thinking . 
 it had been a busy month at the constitutional convention and he was tired . 
 the convention had been adjourned for two weeks to allow the governors to attend to the duties of running the union of american states . 
 under the martial law declared after ` the pulse ' and the subsequent collapse of leadership out of washington , the governors of the member states had assumed command . 
 they were now meeting to oversee the new nation 's war . 
 paul had taken the opportunity to head back to boise . 
 as he lay in his bed looking out the window of his boise apartment , sun shone into the room . 
 it was first light and the sun had just cleared the front range , bathing boise in warmth . 
 even though it was still spring , paul could tell it would be a warm one . 
 amanda walked in with fresh coffee . 
 `` the sun feels good this morning . 
 could we go out and play today ? 
 i need a break from meeting rooms and conferences , '' amanda said . 
 `` sounds like a brilliant idea . 
 why do n't i call john and see if he and julie want to join us ? 
 we could go float the boise river . 
 looks like it will be warm enough , '' paul offered . 
 the telephone system had been restored , but at the cost of each call , people were limiting their phone use . 
 the local telephone company had brought back operators and switch boards . 
 it would have to make do until computer companies were restored and new automatic switching systems were again available . 
 paul placed a call to john , still in bruneau . 
 arrangements were made to float the south fork of the boise river . 
 john would bring two old rafts from the family household that had been surplus after paul had bought his cataraft . 
 they still held air and would get the job done . 
 amanda quickly made breakfast and then packed a lunch for everyone . 
 gathering up their things , they headed down to the chevy caprice paul had purchased after ` the pulse ' . 
 the engine had been modified and now ran with a carburetor . 
 by late morning , the four of them were pushing out onto the boise river . 
 paul 's caprice had been left at the takeout and everyone had squeezed into the old pickup truck . 
 the four in the cab made for a cozy ride up to the put in . 
 paul noticed amanda eyeing julie and then giving him a significant look . 
 he was clueless as to what she was trying to say . 
 when they were finally alone in their raft , amanda said , `` could n't you figure out what i was trying to say ? '' 
 `` no , just tell me . 
 i 'm not good at girl eye-talk , '' paul retorted . 
 `` did you notice julie 's belly ? 
 she must be three months along , '' amanda whispered . 
 the two rafts were both drifting down the river a short distance from each other . 
 `` well , they did get married a month ago , '' paul said . 
 he quickly realized that john and julie both were looking at him . 
 he lowered his voice . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` why do n't we ask them ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 paul yelled . 
 now john pulled on his oars , moving their raft closer to paul . 
 as they approached , julie leaned over and grabbed the lifeline on paul 's raft . 
 `` so , john , julie , how has the ranch been this winter ? 
 we have n't seen you guys for some time . '' 
 amanda opened the discussion . 
 `` well , meredith and brittany have been having a great time taking care of ed 's two grandkids . 
 tyler likes being the only grandson left . 
 he gets to do all the cool things with granddad . 
 and isaac writes now and then . 
 he seems to be doing well in the army . 
 how 's matt ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` well , matt is n't so good at writing . 
 but thankfully having isaac and matt in the same company means we at least hear what they 've been doing . 
 thanks for the updates , brother , '' paul said . 
 `` any other news ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 this time she purposely looked at julie . 
 julie blushed and john got a sheepish look on his face . 
 `` you two look guilty . 
 want to share anything ? '' 
 `` amanda , leave them alone . 
 we came out on the river to relax and remember better days . 
 if they have anything to say , they 'll talk when they 're ready , '' paul said . 
 he withstood the stare that amanda threw him . 
 `` i guess we need to confess . 
 it 's getting harder to hide each day . 
 julie and i have spent a little too much time in the old hot water tub out on the back pasture , '' john said . 
 julie giggled at the reference to the tub in the open field . 
 `` and what do you need to confess ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 paul shot her a look for pressing but she just threw it back at him . 
 this was woman news and she would n't rest until it was out . 
 `` julie is pregnant . 
 we 've checked with old doc crosby and he confirmed it , '' john said . 
 julie was beet red now . 
 but the smile on her face said it all . 
 `` i do n't know how it happened . 
 well , i do know how it happens , but with all that is going on , i 'm not sure it 's the best time , '' julie said . 
 a certain confusion showed through her happiness . 
 having a baby with all the trouble going on was n't the best timing . 
 `` well , i think it 's wonderful . 
 you guys are married and all . 
 it 's the natural thing to do next , '' amanda said . 
 `` life is getting back to normal and we 'll need lots of new babies to populate the country . '' 
 `` thanks , amanda , i think it 's wonderful too , '' john said . 
 `` sounds like we need to spend more time back in bruneau at the old family hot tub , '' amanda said . 
 she looked straight at paul as she said it . 
 paul knew he needed to change the subject . 
 things were getting too serious for such a beautiful day on the river . 
 `` well , john and i know just the spot up ahead . 
 might be even better than the old family hot tub . '' 
 julie let go and the two brothers starting pulling on the oars downstream . 
 they negotiated some small class iii rapids and came up upon a ledge drop . 
 it was the hardest drop on this run and they had done it many times . 
 but the river was high and cold from the spring runoff . 
 with only wetsuit vests on for safety , the brothers decided to take the easier way over the ledge . 
 even so , the reversal at the bottom threw water up over the bow and soaked everybody . 
 both women screamed as the cold water ran down the front of their wetsuits . 
 now was the time for the reward , paul thought . 
 he pulled on the oars towards the south bank . 
 rounding the turn he pulled hard for the beach that lay below the riffle . 
 steam rose from the hillside above the beach . 
 he and john hit the beach together and the women jumped out with lines to secure the rafts . 
 paul pulled his raft up onto the beach and motioned to amanda to just throw the line up onto the sand . 
 there were no rocks or trees handy to tie up to , so the boat would just sit on the beach . 
 paul soon started stripping down out of his life jacket and wetsuit . 
 he took off his paddle pants as john did the same . 
 the two women were slowly removing their whitewater gear . 
 paul ran for the hot springs at the base of the hill . 
 jumping into the small pool of hot water , his body soaked up the heat . 
 john was right behind him . 
 the two women seemed to be conversing as they walked back by the rafts . 
 then amanda grabbed a bail bucket for removing excess water from the raft and walked over to the hot pool . 
 `` julie and i decided that a dip in a hot spring would n't be good for her . 
 too much chance of a pid . '' 
 amanda said . 
 a pelvic inflammatory disease was a real risk from bacteria lingering in the hot water . 
 as julie walked up to the hot pool , amanda suddenly dumped a bucket full of hot water over her head . 
 she screamed in surprise . 
 amanda dumped another load of hot water over julie . 
 `` that feels wonderful . 
 i 'll go get a towel and lie here beside you guys . 
 the sun feels wonderful , '' julie said . 
 amanda climbed into the hot water and settled into a place between the brothers . 
 she could play the male game with the best of them . 
 after a long soak , amanda announced that she was famished . 
 they walked back to the boats and pulled out the food she had prepared . 
 they all sat down on the warm sand to enjoy their lunch . 
 they finished and put what was left back into the 48 quart ice cooler and strapped it back into the raft frame . 
 `` i 've been running rivers since i was six years old you know , '' amanda proceeded to announce , to no one in particular . 
 she pulled on her wetsuit and lifejacket and pushed one of the rafts off the beach into the river . 
 `` are you trying to tell us something ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` yes , i think the girls need some alone time . '' 
 with that she indicated to julie to climb in while she got behind the oars . 
 pulling hard on the two oars , amanda got the raft out into the main current . 
 the raft turned quickly downstream and disappeared around the next bend . 
 `` let 's go , brother , '' paul said as he shoved the remaining raft into the river and jumped into the rower 's seat . 
 john leaned onto the bow of the raft and shoved it further , before he jumped onto the cooler that acted as a seat . 
 rounding the bend , the men fell into a respectable distance behind the women , so each could have the private conversation they sought . 
 `` julie seems really excited about the baby . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 paul started . 
 `` contentment . 
 the last few months have been very stressful for me , not knowing what happened to mary . 
 and isaac going off to fight , '' john said . 
 the two brothers floated along lost in their thoughts . 
 they checked the women occasionally and they appeared to have been talking the whole time . 
 girl issues , paul thought . 
 he wished he could dwell on the simple things in life sometimes like his brother had decided to do . 
 and from the looks of things , the woman in his life enjoyed escaping for a short while , also . 
 finally , the takeout and paul 's caprice loomed up on the left . 
 amanda pulled on her oars . 
 paul swung the stern of the boat toward the river bank and pulled hard to make the beach . 
 he slid his raft in next to amanda 's , bumping her boat a little . 
 `` hey , ca n't you drive that thing any better than that ? '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` looks like you two were busy the whole time . 
 you did n't happen to notice the golden eagle flying over , did you ? '' 
 paul queried . 
 `` we were busy . 
 we have to get julie ready for her big day . 
 plans at the ranch need to be adjusted . 
 these three will need more space to develop as a real family , '' amanda answered . 
 poor john . 
 now he and my parents will have to deal with all the confusion , paul thought . 
 well , john had said that he was happy to be settled at the ranch . 
 paul untied his waterproof ammo can and retrieved his car keys . 
 john did the same and handed the old truck keys to his brother . 
 paul and amanda would drive up to the put-in and retrieve their second vehicle . 
 john and julie could lie in the sun while the rafts and gear all dried . 
 they would have it all packed up when the shuttle returned . 
 the ten mile river trip required a twenty mile drive up and back . 
 the dusty gravel road was slow as it negotiated around the hills above the river . 
 paul took the sharp turns slowly and it was a good forty minutes to the truck . 
 another forty minute drive back was needed as paul drove the old truck . 
 his dust cloud kept amanda covered as she followed him . 
 swinging down the last curve , they crested the rimrock about two hundred feet above the bridge over the boise river . 
 the takeout beach lay just to the east of the bridge . 
 paul looked down and knew instantly that something was wrong . 
 john stood over what looked like two people lying in the sand . 
 julie was tight by john 's side trying to disappear into his armpit . 
 paul accelerated as best he could down the grade . 
 sliding to a stop in the gravel , he jumped out with his h&k 9 mm semi-automatic handgun in his hand . 
 running over to john , he stopped short . 
 there was no rush . 
 what had happened was definitely over . 
 `` whoa brother . 
 what is going on ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` not much now , but it was pretty exciting about thirty minutes ago , '' john answered . 
 julie looked up from her hold on john . 
 she was crying . 
 amanda pulled up behind the truck and jumped out . 
 she ran to julie and grabbed her . 
 the two walked behind the caprice so they did n't have to look at the grisly scene . 
 john explained that about ten minutes after the two had left , he heard movement behind the bridge abutment in some bushes by the river . 
 the hair on the back of his neck stood up at the noise , and instinctively he cracked open the ammo can for easy access . 
 his fears were confirmed when two very large filthy men came out from under the bridge . 
 they were over six feet tall , and even with the hard times , they both still had fairly big guts . 
 they approached john and julie , sort of friendly like , asking if they might have some extra food . 
 `` but from the leer they were giving julie , it was n't food they were thinking of . 
 and from the looks of their clothes , they had been out foraging for a long time , '' john added . 
 `` i watched their hands but neither of them had a weapon . 
 but i was suspicious of the loose shirts hanging out . 
 it did n't look like just fat stomachs . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 they were both staring down at two large bodies lying on their backs . 
 each one had a huge hole just about dead center in their chests . 
 blood oozed out and was already drying on the shirts from the heat of the sun . 
 `` i kept my hand very close to the ammo can . 
 then they asked if i had any spare money so they could go into town and buy some food , still acting nice and friendly like . 
 but they continued to stare at julie , '' john answered . 
 `` of course julie was still in her swim suit , i 'm sure that drove them crazy . '' 
 john explained how he told them to stop right there and he would check for some spare money . 
 but they kept on coming forward , never wavering in their stare at julie . 
 `` i said i needed to check my wallet and pointed at the ammo can . 
 instead i pulled out the .357 magnum . 
 their stare quickly changed direction and intensity . 
 i told them to stop . 
 the one on the right then pulled up his shirt to reach for this , '' john said as he lifted the man 's shirt . 
 still in his waistband was a black revolver . 
 `` looks like he did n't get far , '' paul offered . 
 `` i shot them both where they stood . '' 
 `` and good shooting , too . 
 could n't have hit center mass much better myself . 
 good job , '' paul said . 
 `` what ? 
 that 's all you 're going to say ? 
 there are two dead men in front of you and you 're discussing shooting abilities . 
 what kind of country am i stuck in ? '' 
 julie yelled as she stormed around the caprice to confront the two brothers . 
 amanda was right behind her but did n't show similar disdain . 
 paul noticed that . 
 good . 
 a keeper , he thought . 
 `` the kind of country where people know how to survive , that 's where , '' john answered , a strain of anger in his voice . 
 `` you have no idea what was about to happen . 
 without this weapon , i would be dead right now , you 'd be tied up for future things you do n't want to know about . 
 and they would be waiting for my brother and amanda to return so they could dispose of them the same way . '' 
 julie shrank at the outburst . 
 the past months had been terrible , but she had n't been personally involved in any of the bad things . 
 she had been safely down on the ranch away from the chaos . 
 now , chaos was in her face , and she did n't know what to do . 
 `` we need to make things real clear here . 
 you were raised with the liberal east coast way of life . 
 well , that life is gone . 
 those people are all dead . 
 killed by their own vanity that the world was n't a dangerous place . 
 that they could ` just get along ' with everybody . '' 
 paul stood off to the side . 
 john was cranked up now . 
 `` well , this is the west , and we were raised to take care of ourselves and those around us . 
 and that there are dangerous people all around and only a thin veneer of civility keeps them from turning into monsters . '' 
 amanda stepped in and took the now hysterical julie in her arms . 
 she gave john ` the look ' to inform him that was enough . 
 `` come on , brother , let 's load up . '' 
 paul broke john 's stare . 
 a stare that was n't really at anyone in particular . 
 john refocused and bent to the task of folding up the rafts . 
 when all the raft gear was packed in the pickup truck , the two brothers stopped and stared at the two bodies . 
 `` what are we going to do with them ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` we 'll load them up and take them to the sheriff in mountain home . 
 he can depose of the trash . '' 
 at over two hundred pounds apiece , the brothers , with a great deal of effort , loaded the two bodies . 
 by the time they were done , both were sweating profusely . 
 the legs of the dead men were hanging over the open truck tailgate . 
 `` i 'll take the lead with the two women in the caprice so they do n't have to look at our load , '' paul said . 
 pulling into the county courthouse , john backed the truck up to the door to the sheriff 's office . 
 paul came over and the two of them muscled the dead men out of the pickup . 
 as they did , a crowd gathered . 
 the door swung open and out walked ` big bob ' caldwell , elmore county sheriff . 
 he had been sheriff for what seemed forever , and knew the two brothers well . 
 `` what do we have here ? '' 
 ` big bob ' bent down and rolled the bodies face up . 
 the crowd gasped at the two large holes in their chests , but also at who they saw . 
 `` well , i 'll be . 
 herman and harvey have finally met their fate . '' 
 paul and john looked quizzically at the sheriff . 
 `` herman and harvey ? 
 you know these two ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` know them ? 
 i 've been trying to track them down ever since they showed up after p-day . 
 they got out of boise , where they were already infamous , and thought the hunting would be better down here . '' 
 `` what have they been hunting ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` women , food and alcohol . 
 maybe not in that particular order , mind you . 
 so who did in the pointkowski twins ? '' 
 ` big bob ' asked . 
 `` they 're brothers ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` identical twins . 
 you ca n't tell ? 
 look at them . '' 
 john and paul finally studied the faces and realized they were identical . 
 `` well , i was n't watching their faces much . 
 i was holding on their chests i 'm afraid , '' john answered . 
 `` and good work , too . 
 almost dead center . 
 if you want to change careers john , let me know . 
 i have deputies that would have emptied an entire clip and still would have missed . '' 
 `` is everyone totally callous ? 
 two men are dead . 
 they were human beings , too , and loved by a mother somewhere . 
 what kind of people are you ? '' 
 julie demanded . 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 ` big bob ' asked . 
 `` whoever you are , lady , i can take you to the graves of twelve people that can refute that there was any humanity left in these two . 
 and if you want , i can show you the black and white pictures upstairs of the condition we found the women in . 
 the men were lucky , they died quick . 
 oh , did i mention the three children that ran into these two . 
 their pictures will definitely reinforce that belief you seem to have in the goodness of all people . '' 
 `` it 's ok , sheriff . 
 she 's upset . 
 she 'll be fine as soon as we get her back to bruneau , '' amanda said . 
 `` anything else we need to do , sheriff ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` stick around and let the town buy you drinks . 
 that 's about all i can think of . '' 
 `` some other day maybe , '' john answered . 
 the four got into their vehicles amid loud clapping of the crowd . 
 the drive out to bruneau was long and quiet . 
 finally amanda said , `` we need to stay and make sure that things will be ok between john and julie . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 you know i 've been invited to return to cheyenne a week early to meet with professor lars lundquist of the von mises institute . 
 he contacted me this week and may have a compromise position to our convention deadlock . 
 i have to go , '' paul offered . 
 `` but you can stay the week and help julie . 
 i 'll meet you later in cheyenne . '' 
 chapter 21 mt. tongariro , north island , new zealand the month since the first american infantry troops had shown up had been hectic for noel and his great-grandfather . 
 as the official liaison team assigned to help the americans coordinate activities with the kiwi troops , they had been always on the move . 
 noel continued to carry their personal gear , while his great-grandfather fought old age to show himself capable of his duties . 
 noel could tell his great-grandfather was struggling , but would never show the yanks that a kiwi in his eighties was n't able to keep up with any young stud from america . 
 together they had reconnoitered the land in front of the kiwi defensive line . 
 except for the initial probes south , the indonesians seemed content to consolidate their hold on auckland . 
 they had pulled their troops back into a defensive position after running into kiwi resistance . 
 refugees continued to pass through the kiwi lines daily as the invaders forced the issue of ` move or die ' . 
 the indonesians had come to stay , and were moving into now vacant farms and businesses . 
 the kiwis were fighting for their existence . 
 with over two hundred million indonesians before ` the pulse ' , they had sufficient numbers of people to displace the four million new zealanders . 
 luckily , the news of the american arrival appeared to have been missed by the indonesians . 
 noel felt that the longer they were in the dark , the better . 
 `` word is that all elements of the 24th division are in place now . 
 we have orders to move north and close with the ` indos ' , '' the kiwi commander said . 
 `` major smith , as new zealand commander of this sector , i have overall command . 
 but i would ask you to be tactical commander . 
 you americans are providing the bulk of our attacking strength and the new zealand government has asked all its area commanders to relinquish control over the coming fight . '' 
 `` thank you , commander . 
 we will work with the liaison team to make sure both armies work together , '' major smith said . 
 he looked at noel and his great-grandfather as he said it . 
 noel gave the major an approving nod . 
 gg snorted loudly . 
 `` right then , we 've worked out our plan . 
 let 's close with the ` indos ' and show them whose bloody country this is , '' the kiwi commander said . 
 his other officers mumbled their approval of finally moving out . 
 we 've been sitting on this mountain pass long enough , noel thought . 
 major smith walked over to the communication tent and picked up the phone . 
 he was soon in touch with supreme headquarters in palmerston north . 
 after a brief discussion , he hung up . 
 `` move out , '' he ordered . 
 noel picked up his personal gear and threw it over his shoulder . 
 his great-grandfather handed his personal gear to noel and followed the major and his staff out of the tent . 
 it was a crisp fall day in the southern hemisphere . 
 noel was glad to be moving down to a more temperate climate . 
 winter approached the desert road , and he did n't relish spending a cold snowy season stuck in the trenches here . 
 lake taupo and rotorua beckoned and both had a milder climate , being at a much lower elevation . 
 and both had numerous hot springs . 
 not only hot springs , but hot lakes and hot rivers covered this highly active geothermal area . 
 refugees had reported that the ` indos ' were stuck in the bombay hills south of auckland . 
 they had been observed digging a defensive zone . 
 why had n't they captured the area that lay between them and us ? 
 noel wondered . 
 between lake taupo and auckland lay some of the best farm country in new zealand . 
 the chinese had recognized this and had spent billions buying up the agricultural land before the pulse . 
 now , the kiwis needed to secure this land to grow the food next summer to sustain the rest of the country . 
 noel joined the column as the american and kiwi troops marched out . 
 the few vehicles running would be reserved for moving supplies up . 
 when noel 's units met up with the railroad from wellington , then supplies would flow more easily to the forces defending the center of the island . 
 * * * noel reached the outskirts of hamilton and imagined how his great-grandfather felt . 
 he was tired . 
 a week of forced marches had brought the troops even with what had once been new zealand 's second largest city . 
 the units to the west of them had formed up on their left shoulder . 
 troops had been moved up from the east cape and crossed the mountains . 
 the flat farm land around ngatea was now secure . 
 the bombay hills lay about 20 km in front of the kiwi position . 
 as a natural barrier protecting auckland , the american commander had decided that he would hold the line short of the ` indos ' . 
 to attack troops dug into hillside positions , proper preparation was required . 
 `` what the bloody hell are we digging in for ? 
 the ` indos ' are over there . 
 you yanks love your shovels . 
 why do n't you bloody well use those fancy rifles you brought ? '' 
 gg admonished . 
 noel had resigned himself to his great-grandfather 's rants . 
 so , it appeared , had major smith . 
 noel noticed that he did n't even look up at the insults anymore . 
 `` noel , we 'll let our supplies catch up to us here . 
 and get a little reconnoitering of what 's in front of us , '' major smith said . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 you need us for that ? '' 
 noel asked . 
 he needed to get some rest , especially so for his great-grandfather . 
 `` no . 
 you and gg sit tight . 
 we 'll get our scout team on it . '' 
 `` ` bout time they scouted something . 
 been a bloody walk in the park . 
 i could have put a baby in a pram and made better time than you blokes , '' gg hurled back . 
 `` and that would have counted the breaks to change the nappies . '' 
 the major was back on the field phone giving orders . 
 the phone offered more security than the radio . 
 new zealand telecom worked hard to provide basic service and had reverted to mechanical switching , like everyone else in the world . 
 suddenly the air was ripped apart by the roar of two jets dropping down over the bombay hills . 
 noel ducked instinctively as the jets turned and flew right over hamilton . 
 `` first signs of a recon flight . 
 the ` indos ' are slow . 
 mig 21s . 
 hmmm . '' 
 major smith picked up the phone to report the fly over . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 we 'll keep under wraps until we 're ready . 
 roger that . '' 
 `` headquarters wants a change of plan . 
 no americans on any recon . 
 only kiwis . 
 they want our presence here to be a surprise , '' major smith said . 
 `` commander , if you could put together a scout team . '' 
 noel gave a look to the kiwi commander indicating his desire to join the recon team . 
 he wanted to see the invaders up close . 
 they had been in the field for months now and had n't even seen one . 
 `` if it 's ok with sergeant illingworth , go check with him , '' the commander offered . 
 after noel found the kiwi sergeant , he got his answer . 
 `` hell no , '' sergeant illingworth said . 
 `` i know your gg means well , but this is a job for people that can move fast . '' 
 the sergeant had seemed open to the idea of having noel on the team , until noel 's great-grandfather showed up and announced that he went everywhere noel went . 
 much arguing ensued , until gg essentially pulled rank . 
 sergeant illingworth was one of the many that had turned out to fight when connor leffingwell had headed off to war . 
 noel knew his great-grandfather held sway with all the military men in their area , and he now used that influence . 
 `` ok , but if you ca n't keep up , i 'll send the two of you back . 
 no bloody screw-ups now , '' illingworth said . 
 `` sergeant . 
 you were n't even bloody born when i was sending japs to their ancestors , '' gg said . 
 `` that 's what i 'm afraid of , '' illingworth said . 
 the other men on the team smiled at the sergeant 's dilemma . 
 everyone was here because of gg 's call to arms . 
 to deny him would be almost sacrilegious to these men . 
 `` you kiwis will be the death of me . 
 taking an old man out on recon . 
 you 're all crazy . '' 
 major smith yelled as the kiwi recon team marched by heading north . 
 he might be right . 
 what have i gotten ourselves into ? 
 noel wondered . 
 to cover the twenty or so kilometers to the base of the bombay hills would require them to be out two days . 
 they would march out most of the way in the daylight , rest until dark , recon the hills and return to hamilton . 
 not an easy task even for someone in their twenties . 
 and sergeant illingworth hiked the team hard . 
 noel struggled to keep up against the older men who were bigger and stronger . 
 noel looked at his great-grandfather and saw a man who enjoyed the experience . 
 he seemed to come alive as they approached the enemy . 
 reaching their rest stop , the sergeant ordered everyone to catch some rest till it got dark . 
 he stopped where noel was bedded down . 
 `` i 'd like you and your gg to hold this position while we 're gone . 
 it 's important that we have someone at our back , '' illingworth lied . 
 `` what ? 
 sergeant , if you 're trying to ditch us , you can bloody well drop dead . 
 nobody is leaving me behind to guard some damn bushes , '' gg said . 
 `` suit yourself then . 
 be ready in four hours . '' 
 * * * noel jumped when the sergeant kicked his boot to wake him up . 
 he could n't believe that four hours had passed already . 
 he had barely closed his eyes . 
 `` gear up . 
 we head out in five , '' illingworth whispered . 
 noel looked around for his great-grandfather , but saw nothing . 
 he started to panic when a rustle in the bush was challenged by one of the team . 
 a short burst of profanity revealed that gg had returned . 
 `` are you ready yet ? 
 i 've been to the top of the hill already . 
 most of the ` indos ' are asleep . 
 we could capture the place if you sods would get a move on , '' gg said . 
 `` the top of the hill ? 
 i told you to catch some rest , '' illingworth said . 
 `` could n't sleep . 
 can we move out now , if you wankers are done doing your nails , or whatever it is you 've been doing ? '' 
 gg asked . 
 sergeant illingworth got the men lined up . 
 they had two night scopes among them , borrowed from the u.s. army . 
 the sergeant put one up front and one on the rear . 
 noel and his great-grandfather were in the middle of the small column . 
 things went well for the first hour while they climbed the hills . 
 gg showed the sergeant where he had gone on his previous visit . 
 noel wondered how his grandfather had found his way in the dark . 
 even with the night scopes , the team made a couple of wrong turns and had to backtrack . 
 they stopped on a ridge that had good cover to hide their presence . 
 the south ridge line overlooked the open slopes that the farmers had cleared for grazing . 
 the spot offered an excellent vantage point to determine the ` indo ' defenses . 
 sergeant illingworth decided that they could gain more information if they stayed during the day and observed . 
 he passed through the men informing them of the change in plans . 
 he ordered men to team up and move out to positions to protect their flanks in case the ` indos ' had patrols out . 
 noel and his great-grandfather would provide security at the patrols makeshift headquarters . 
 the sergeant and an observer would use field glasses and make notes on enemy dispositions while noel and gg watched for trouble . 
 the day went by slowly as sergeant illingworth scribed in his notebook . 
 noel noticed that his great-grandfather was antsy just sitting concealed in the bush . 
 the ` indos ' did n't seem to put patrols out , so the guards eventually became lax . 
 the situation changed quickly . 
 noel did n't hear anything , but grandfather certainly did . 
 suddenly his grandfather sat up , cocking his head from side to side to determine the direction from which danger was coming . 
 `` noel , we have visitors . 
 back side of the ridge . 
 our team is only on our flanks . 
 nobody is behind us . 
 we have to act , '' gg whispered . 
 without telling the sergeant , gg pulled out his bush knife and motioned noel to do the same . 
 then he set off in a low crawl . 
 it was all noel could do to keep up . 
 his legs ached from crouching as they quietly moved down the backside of the ridge , keeping in brush the entire way . 
 noel ran into a motionless grandfather at the edge of the bush . 
 ahead lay open pasture . 
 the sheep were missing , already eaten by the locals . 
 in their place , six indonesian soldiers climbed the hill . 
 in their hands were ak-47s , with bayonets mounted on the front lug . 
 his great-grandfather reached around and patted noel reassuringly on the leg . 
 he lowered himself and pulled noel down with him . 
 they were now lying on their bellies , hidden in the tall grass , with large bushes above them . 
 perfect concealment . 
 they waited . 
 noel was finally seeing the enemy , but he was nervous . 
 they had spent some time training on using a knife in combat , but he had never done it for real . 
 as the six enemies climbed the hill toward their position , his great-grandfather intently waited to attack . 
 noel loved his great-grandfather . 
 there was no doubt about that . 
 but he was fearful at what was about to happen . 
 six against two , and what looked like experienced soldiers against an old man and a young boy . 
 what am i doing here ? 
 noel wondered . 
 `` do n't worry boy . 
 your genes will take over . 
 you have my blood in you , '' his great-grandfather said , reassuringly . 
 but mine is so young , and yours is so old , noel thought . 
 the six soldiers continued to climb the hill . 
 they were bantering between each other , only casually checking the area . 
 when they reached the top of the clearing the leader stopped and turned around . 
 he motioned his men to light up and take a break . 
 noel could n't be sure what he said , but from the cigarettes being pulled out , they were going into rest mode . 
 noel felt the tap on his side as his great-grandfather slowly raised up into a crouch . 
 noel followed his lead . 
 now was the time to strike . 
 raising his knife , gg looked into noels eyes and grinned . 
 the bushes exploded , as two crazed kiwis burst out and fell on the soldiers . 
 gg stuck the first solder in the neck with his large bush knife and the man crumpled to the ground . 
 noel 's knife was right behind and a second ` indo ' joined the first . 
 the remaining four barely had turned around when a second and third soldier felt knives buried into their backs . 
 both grasped for air as their lungs collapsed from the large holes cut into them . 
 they fell over squirming as the life drained out of them . 
 the last two soldiers were upright by now , raising their ak-47s to shoot these wild men of new zealand . 
 leaving the bush knife stuck in his second victim , gg grabbed one of the abandoned rifles and stuck the bayonet into one of the two men . 
 noel flew through the air as he lunged at the last man standing . 
 catching the bayonet in the arm , noel flew into the man 's face , knocking the rifle out of his hands . 
 his two thumbs found the man 's eyeballs as his hands grabbed his ears . 
 the man screamed as noel drove his thumbs into the man 's skull . 
 the pasture was suddenly very quiet . 
 `` good work , boy . 
 i told you the genes would kick in . 
 man , i have n't felt this good in a lot of years , '' gg said . 
 adrenaline kicked in and noel shook as he lay exhausted by the six dead bodies . 
 his great-grandfather began rifling through the soldier 's pockets looking for information . 
 gg stuffed a number of papers into his pockets . 
 then he undid the webbing gear and pulled them off . 
 picking up the six ak-47s , he handed three to noel . 
 `` beats that shotgun you 've been carrying around . 
 and here , take the extra ammo . 
 we best go check in before they think we got lost , '' gg said . 
 noel slung the extra ammo over his shoulder and then added three rifles on top of it . 
 they started up the hill and then froze . 
 gg had heard something . 
 he trained one of his ak 's on the brush up ahead . 
 `` do n't shoot , it 's sergeant illingworth . 
 we 're stepping out of the bush . '' 
 noel lowered his weapon when he saw the entire recon team emerge from the bush . 
 they walked up to the two kiwis , then they looked down the hill at the bodies lying in the grass . 
 `` we heard the commotion and thought we 'd come help , '' sergeant illingworth said as he walked down to the six dead soldiers . 
 `` jesus . '' 
 a low whistle sound was heard from one of the other men . 
 `` it 's about time you sods showed up . 
 bugger to hell if i 'm carrying all this bloody stuff back to camp . 
 maybe you young guys are good for something after all , '' gg said as he handled the extra assault rifles and ammo off to the team . 
 noel and gg started down the hill as the rest of the team just stood looking at the leffingwell battle site . 
 `` jesus , '' was again all sergeant illingworth could utter . 
 gg stopped and turned back to the other team members . 
 `` you know we are out in the open here . 
 the whole ` indo ' army is just over there . 
 you blokes might want to move to a spot a bit more concealed . '' 
 sergeant illingworth shook his head and got the men moving . 
 it was a quiet hike back to hamilton . 
 the only comment anyone heard was from one of the team members when they reached the base of the bombay hills . 
 `` who was the brilliant bastard who wanted to leave them at camp ? '' 
 chapter 22 cheyenne , wyoming `` dr. kendall , your work on the constitution has been exemplary so far . 
 you 've done an excellent job explaining why we need to transition away from the old government , but i believe you need some help seeing the bigger picture , '' dr. vernon bush offered . 
 paul had heard this before . 
 too many times in fact . 
 he was tired of the same political garbage . 
 the nation needed a governing document that would hopefully serve longer than the two hundred and thirty years the old one had . 
 dr. lars lundquist attempted to bring the two sides together , but paul was wondering if this had been a mistake . 
 lundquist was an economist at the von mises institute at auburn university . 
 much like the idaho school of economics , the von mises institute was a gathering of ` free market ' thinkers . 
 dedicated to the founder of the austrian school , ludwig von mises had led the rebirth of capitalism in the 1920s and 30s when socialism was running rampant . 
 along with friedrich hayek at the london school of economics , the two had reaffirmed the freedom-enhancing properties of capitalism . 
 `` may we please dispense with the titles ? 
 we 're all heavy on the credentials here . 
 if i may , lars thought we could meet ahead of time to work out a compromise between the idaho plan and the louisiana plan . 
 everyone knows the louisiana plan is the texas plan , so where can we reach consensus ? '' 
 paul asked with exasperation . 
 he knew if there was n't common ground somewhere , there was a good chance that the birth of the new union of american states would be stillborn . 
 his fear was that the governors would split the union apart and two separate countries would emerge . 
 dr. vernon bush was an economist at the university of texas . 
 along with lars , they were delegates of their respective states at the convention . 
 bush was one of twelve african-american delegates attending the convention . 
 they both had been involved from the beginning in the discussion and understood the conflicts . 
 `` yes , first names sound much better . 
 paul , regarding your explanation of the profound problems that the united states suffered under in the final days , i agree with all of them . 
 you know my work as i know yours . 
 we ca n't have an involved citizenry if half the people pay no taxes , '' vernon said . 
 `` i agree . 
 a society stops working when half the people are in the wagon being pulled by the other half . 
 excuse the metaphor , but it is a good one . 
 it works only when the few truly needy people ride in the wagon . 
 that is a compassionate society , helping the truly needy . 
 ` the deserving poor ' i believe is how the victorians used the term , '' lars said . 
 `` and ` big government ' is a really bad judge as to who the ` deserving poor ' really are . 
 this last guy thought ninety-nine percent of the population were deserving of riding in the wagon . 
 that would have been great , a one percent horse , '' paul offered . 
 `` so we agree , taxes need to be universally applied across the population , '' lars said . 
 the two other men agreed . 
 along with election reform and clarifying who a citizen was , they had solved three of the six profound problems paul had raised . 
 `` and the fourth , how to properly support the middle class ? 
 i 'm afraid that i do n't place as much importance on that as you do . 
 explain again your reasoning , '' vernon said . 
 `` when the original u.s. constitution was passed , it was done so by the merchant class . 
 new york did n't even send a delegation to the original convention and new hampshire 's delegation walked out and went home . 
 both states were dominated by yeoman farmers at the time . 
 the ` middle class ' of colonial america , if you will , '' paul said . 
 `` remember , rhode island was the only state to have a popular vote on the ratification by a state legislature . 
 the constitution lost eighty percent to twenty percent . '' 
 `` but eventually , rhode island came around and joined the other states , so they saw the need for a constitution , '' vernon offered . 
 `` i believe it was more for survival . 
 they were the last holdout of the original thirteen . 
 at that time they were essentially a separate country , and the other twelve began to talk of treating them as such . 
 rhode island is a small place and the threat of closed borders with its neighbors would be intimidating , '' paul retorted . 
 lars offered , `` but your observation about south america was what convinced me . '' 
 `` yes , after the u.s. constitution was fully passed by all thirteen states , other nations began to examine what the u.s , had done . 
 foremost among them were the newly liberated countries in south america . 
 as simon bolivar threw out the spanish , each country adopted , almost word-for-word , our constitution as their own , '' paul said . 
 `` and fast-forward many years , all of them turned out quite different than our country . 
 why ? '' 
 paul continued . 
 `` they lacked a middle class from the beginning . 
 most of south america was dominated by a few wealthy , land owners , while most of the population had nothing . 
 `` `` argentina is a good example . 
 settled by many of the same kind of immigrants that came to our country during the early part of the 20th century , her economy was as strong as the u.s. . 
 her army in 1938 was actually larger than ours , '' lars offered . 
 `` but after world war ii , they succumbed to peron . 
 the lower class supported the peronistas as the rich were attacked . 
 again , a society where everyone wanted to ride in the wagon . 
 they were just fifty years ahead of us , '' paul said . 
 `` peru , ecuador , columbia , even chile . 
 they have all suffered structural clashes because of their lack of a middle class . 
 or at least a large middle class . 
 that was always the strength of america , '' lars said . 
 `` and then the 21st century hit and the american middle class got hammered . 
 first it was the tech bubble crushing people 's retirement funds . 
 then the housing bubble burst and middle class families lost more money . 
 and through it all , the outsourcing of jobs continued to kill america 's manufacturing base along with all those good-paying jobs , '' paul said . 
 `` i agree , nafta and the wto have been big mistakes . 
 whoever thought that america could hold its standard of living when all our goods were made in china was crazy . 
 well , those chickens have come home to roost , '' vernon said . 
 `` i 'm glad you agree then . 
 maybe we can resolve our differences , '' paul said . 
 vernon , representing the louisiana plan , asked about the next items . 
 `` ok , we have consensus on items one through four . 
 what about five and six ? '' 
 the issue of free trade was destroying the country before ` the pulse ' . 
 the free trade faction still held sway in spite of the evidence to the contrary . 
 paul began . 
 `` i 'd like to quote from a column by pat buchanan that hits the issue square . 
 the last numbers available showed a yearly trade deficit with the european union of $ 116 billion . 
 or how about japan and south korea , our allies in the pacific ? 
 a yearly deficit total of $ 93 billion . 
 maybe we were doing better under nafta : that agreement ross perot warned us about ? 
 no , we were losing with canada and mexico , too , in the amount of $ 93 billion a year going across our borders . 
 and let 's not forget our ` good friends ' , the chinese . 
 a record $ 315 billion in one year . 
 gentlemen , that 's $ 737 billion dollars our former country was sending overseas yearly . '' 
 the other two economists knew the rough numbers , but were shocked to hear them again . 
 paul was n't finished . 
 `` and i did n't include the petro-dollars heading to the middle east to support our oil habit . 
 five percent of our national wealth left each year . '' 
 lars jumped in . 
 `` my latest research backs that up . 
 it goes with your dying middle class , paul . 
 the senate budget committee reported that taking all the benefits being handed out by the federal government , that a family on welfare received benefits worth $ 5,000 a month . 
 the average median household income was $ 4,200 per month . '' 
 paul added , `` yes , and that report listed the eleven states that before ` the pulse ' had more people on welfare than were employed . 
 anyone that was n't shocked by that graphic had no idea how serious things had become . 
 and the list that was published at the same time showed the ten most miserable cities in the country . 
 detroit led the list , and we know how bad that city was . 
 they had resorted to bulldozing derelict houses they could n't give away and turning large parts of the city into pasture . '' 
 `` and it was all crushed by the sun . 
 if we can get our new country stabilized and on track , we may all look back on the cme as a godsend , '' lars added . 
 `` then i guess we will agree that we need to end the free trade experiment . 
 it will be a hard sell to my side , but i think if we put together what we 've talked about here , i might be able to swing it , '' vernon offered . 
 `` we have our own holdouts on our side , '' paul added . 
 `` the libertarian myth of open borders just did n't work out . 
 maybe in a perfect world . '' 
 paul let the thought end there . 
 so much pain and misery had been caused by social experiments like communism that sounded good on paper but did n't stand up against human nature . 
 free trade would be one more 20th century experiment killed off by actual results . 
 `` that leaves the debt issue . 
 a gold standard would get our new nation on a stable footing from the start , '' paul stated . 
 `` it 's just not going to fly with my side . 
 i know the problems the country got into with all the borrowing , but i think other solutions can be found , '' vernon said . 
 paul knew that any system devised would quickly devolve into deficit spending and the new country would be back where the old one had found itself . 
 originally , the old country had a gold standard and it took the federal government over 180 years to abrogate it . 
 this issue may have to wait for another day , paul thought . 
 the three economists settled into a brisk discussion for the rest of the night . 
 while stumbling blocks still persisted , they were reaching an understanding that would allow the new country to move ahead . 
 and move ahead as a healthy , vibrant nation . 
 one that would provide good-paying jobs for its citizens . 
 and one with a safety net for those who truly needed help . 
 not doled out by a magnanimous federal government , but by local governments . 
 better to understand the local situation and control fraud , paul thought . 
 much of the new government would be local . 
 states would recover much of their independence from the old federal government . 
 the era of big government had been crushed by an act of nature . 
 the three men involved were determined that any future calamity would find a nation of many governments ready for the challenge . 
 after three straight days they hammered out what they thought would be acceptable to both sides . 
 they knew the rebeccas of the country would go nuts , but chance and poor thinking had eliminated the majority of the people who thought like her . 
 `` we need to get some rest . 
 the other delegates will be here in two days . 
 i 'll have my staff work things up for our presentation . 
 are we going to call this the ` alabama plan ' ? '' 
 vernon asked in deference to his colleague from alabama . 
 `` no , i think the alabama compromise is appropriate in this case , '' paul offered . 
 `` settled then . 
 we 'll meet the night before the opening and check that everything is correct , '' vernon said . 
 paul headed back to his hotel room . 
 he could n't decide which he needed more ; sleep or food ? 
 riding up the elevator he decided on both . 
 he 'd order room service and hope he could stay awake long enough to eat it . 
 he slipped his key into the lock . 
 as the door opened , he was hit by the smell of food . 
 amanda sat in a chair , reading . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 things do n't get started for another two days , '' paul said . 
 `` well , if you 're not glad to see me , i can go find some other room . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm so tired . 
 i 'm ready to sleep for the next two days . 
 i might not be much company . 
 what 's to eat ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 he lifted the silver tray covers to reveal a ham and egg omelet . 
 even though it was past eight in the evening , breakfast sounded wonderful . 
 he sat and wolfed his food down . 
 with a full mouth he tried to ask amanda if she was hungry . 
 `` if you just asked if i 'd eaten , yes , a couple of hours ago . 
 do n't talk with your mouth full . 
 finish up and go shower . 
 it will help you sleep , '' amanda said . 
 paul chowed down the last of his toast and jam and headed to the shower . 
 drying off , he stumbled into his clean clothes . 
 walking into the room , paul collapsed on the bed . 
 he was out in seconds . 
 chapter 23 cheyenne , wyoming paul rolled over , groggy , forced his eyes open and checked the clock . 
 it was past nine in the morning as he lay in bed looking up at the ceiling . 
 a sound at the door announced amanda 's return . 
 paul sat up in anticipation and was not disappointed . 
 amanda walked in wearing her running outfit . 
 the sweat glistened on her exposed skin as she held a tray of drinks . 
 `` good morning sleepy head . 
 you were a tired boy , '' amanda said . 
 `` i picked up some coffee and muffins in the little bakery across the street . '' 
 `` have a good run ? 
 what time did you get up ? '' 
 `` sevenish . 
 i met a woman i know from the montana delegation . 
 she 's a runner , too . 
 we had coffee together before our hour run , '' amanda said . 
 she turned her back and added , `` i 'm hitting the shower . '' 
 when amanda returned , they sat and ate their food . 
 television was still a victim of the pulse , so they chatted about the upcoming convention . 
 paul filled her in on the compromise he had worked out . 
 they had decided that this day would belong to just the two of them . 
 after a morning of getting reacquainted , they headed out into the cheyenne sunshine for lunch . 
 it was late spring and wyoming was still cool as the couple pulled their collars up around their necks to shield them from the wind . 
 `` hey you two . 
 i was wondering if you were going to show your face at all today . '' 
 paul turned his head to see lars lundquist standing on the sidewalk . 
 lars continued . 
 `` i was hoping to catch you before tomorrow . '' 
 `` oh , hi lars . 
 i was n't expecting to see you , '' paul uttered . 
 he was slightly embarrassed to be caught enjoying time off . 
 `` may i introduce you to ms. savage ? 
 she 's on the idaho delegation and is an assistant to the governor . '' 
 `` nice to meet you finally . 
 i 've seen you at the convention , '' lars said . 
 amanda offered , `` we were just heading out to grab lunch . 
 care to join us ? '' 
 paul was disappointed with her comment . 
 he wanted to be alone with her all day and forget about the business at hand . 
 `` love to , where are we headed ? '' 
 lars asked . 
 the three walked a short distance to a corner cafe , where management enjoyed having the convention back . 
 it had turned out to be one of the more popular places for many of the convention delegates . 
 cheyenne had a limited selection of restaurants that did n't cater to cowboys . 
 if you wanted something a little more exotic than biscuits and gravy , the corner cafe was the best option . 
 as they walked in , they discovered the cafe already crowded . 
 many of the delegates had returned early to have a couple of days of politicking before the monday convention start . 
 paul and his party were settling in for a long wait when a loud yell from the back alerted them that they had been spotted . 
 `` there 's vernon , he 's waving at us to come back and join them , '' lars said . 
 paul 's heart sunk . 
 more politicians , and he just wanted to enjoy his saturday alone with amanda . 
 he looked at amanda for sympathy and received none . 
 she was already walking toward the back of the dining area as paul fell in behind lars . 
 `` ms. savage , so nice of you to join us men , '' horst petrasek said . 
 `` here , i 'll move over . 
 lars sit there next to ms. savage . 
 paul , grab a seat with vernon . '' 
 paul slid in next to vernon . 
 he looked up at amanda , sandwiched between the two men . 
 amanda smiled at him and gave him a little wink . 
 she enjoyed her sudden popularity . 
 `` well , what are you having ms. savage ? 
 it 's on texas , so live it up , '' horst said . 
 `` can we dispense with the ms. savage ? 
 please call me amanda . 
 and i 'd like hummus and pita bread please . 
 and some bottled water , with bubbles . '' 
 `` that would n't fill up an armadillo on a sunburnt highway where i come from . 
 sure you do n't wo n't some ribs or something ? '' 
 horst asked . 
 `` thank you , horst , but hummus is fine , '' amanda answered . 
 `` does n't sound like fit food for someone from idaho . 
 you were born and raised there ? '' 
 horst inquired . 
 `` yes , horst , born and breed . 
 native to the bone . 
 i spent a term studying in israel in college and got very attached to mediterranean cooking . 
 it 's very good for you . 
 helps me keep my girlish figure , '' amanda said . 
 `` well , no complaints on that part from me . 
 no siree , bob . 
 if hummus does the trick , maybe you could talk to mrs. petrasek . 
 she could use a little help in that department , '' horst said . 
 the table chuckled at horst 's comment . 
 the waitress came over to get the three new orders . 
 paul went with the turkey sandwich while lars joined the texans in a more southern choice . 
 `` so , vernon has filled me in on the plan you boys have worked up . 
 i think we can convince our side that it will work for all of us . 
 have you gotten the ok from your side ? '' 
 horst asked . 
 `` i briefed my governor on it and sent the details to the others . 
 we have a meeting tomorrow to go over everything . 
 so far i have n't heard any negative comments , '' paul said . 
 `` good . 
 maybe we can wrap this up and take home a fine document for ratification , '' horst said . 
 `` there is one little matter that i was hoping to go over with you ahead of time , though . '' 
 paul saw it coming . 
 maybe this was n't an accidental meeting after all . 
 texas had an issue and what better way to move it along than a chance friendly meeting . 
 the days of the ` smoke-filled rooms ' might be over , but the days of working things out ahead of time had n't stopped in politics . 
 `` what issue would that be ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 now it was vernon 's turn to speak . 
 paul knew the routine . 
 let the leader break the ice to be followed up by the underling . 
 he turned to listen to his booth mate . 
 `` since what we have worked out is almost a new document , we felt that we should emphasize that fact to the country . 
 by providing some other new aspects to the constitution , we could emphatically state that the old regime was dead , '' vernon said . 
 the emphasis on ` new ' was obvious . 
 paul saw the dance coming as his compatriot offered up his idea in muted tones . 
 `` what specific ` new ' language do you feel needs to be added to make our point that this is a new country and a new government ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 he was afraid of the answer . 
 `` we 've all heard the reports from the virginia delegation as to the state of affairs in and around washington , d.c. . 
 the militia in virginia has barely kept the chaos from crossing the potomac . 
 even west virginia had to respond to the hordes trying to escape . '' 
 `` i 've heard the same reports , '' paul said . 
 `` well , if washington is as damaged as they report , it will be a long time ` til it 's a livable city again , if ever . 
 supposedly the roving mobs have looted and burnt down the majority of the city before they left for who-knows-where . '' 
 vernon continued , `` i think we need to designate in the new constitution a new capital for the country . 
 one that has the services and security we 'll need to properly start governing from day one . 
 we do n't have time to be rebuilding washington . '' 
 `` and i assume you have a new location in mind for our nation 's capital ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` obviously it would have to be a place that was still intact with no mob problems . 
 the electrical grid would have to be fully functional and good transportation available , '' vernon offered . 
 `` that would mean it would have to be located in one of the original uas states , '' paul said . 
 he would play along for now . 
 they would have to get to their answer eventually . 
 `` and being handy to sources of energy would be an asset . 
 with new york city destroyed , having the capital close to existing financial centers would help in a quick recovery , '' vernon said . 
 `` kansas city is one of our strongest financial centers now that new york , chicago , la and san francisco are history . 
 i suppose we could find a suitable location in the midwest that would serve the nation well . 
 i think people would like their government out of the clutches of the northeast crowd . 
 not that many of them are left , '' paul said . 
 vernon cleared his throat at paul 's answer and seemed a little flummoxed . 
 horst looked sternly at his underling to press his cause . 
 `` well , paul , we had a different solution . 
 we felt that austin fit all those criteria the best , '' vernon finally revealed . 
 so finally texas was making their pitch , paul thought . 
 the texans wanted to move the nation 's capital to texas . 
 it appeared that the largest state with the largest population still mostly intact felt like it was time to assert their power . 
 texas had chafed for years with the rivalry between california and texas for the most robust economy . 
 the end of the 20th century found california dying from an overload of benefit takers and a fleeing tax-paying population . 
 new york state had once been a linchpin in keeping the national power in the northeast , but it had been losing population for decades . 
 florida and illinois were the other power centers in the nation . 
 illinois was already broke before p-day , and now it was decimated . 
 florida and the northeast were also in ruins . 
 after p-day , all the competitors to texas had been eliminated . 
 the new country was going to be dominated by texas , paul thought . 
 he needed to be careful in his answer to this proposal . 
 he sat and thought of a solution . 
 if he acquiesced , the smaller states would see through the ploy . 
 they had made plain that they were n't interested in trading one overseer for another . 
 meet the new boss , popped into paul 's head as he hummed the ` who ' song , trying to focus . 
 `` oh good , lunch . '' 
 he took the opportunity that the waitress provided to put off an answer . 
 the texas men looked frustrated as the food was passed around . 
 the talk turned to more mundane things as they ate . 
 the knot in paul 's stomach almost resisted his sandwich and it was all he could do to get his food down . 
 he looked at amanda , who seemed to be enjoying her position . 
 she was in tight contact with each man alongside of her as she ate her hummus . 
 when she finished , she broke the silence that had overtaken the booth . 
 `` gentlemen , i believe we have a standoff , '' amanda said . 
 `` a texas standoff , if i may . '' 
 that comment brought a smile to the texans ' faces . 
 but paul was n't smiling . 
 the group of states that had supported the idaho plan would never agree to move the national capital to texas . 
 then it dawned on paul , this is why the texans had been so accommodating on reaching a compromise on the new constitution . 
 they were maneuvering to have the capital in their midst all along . 
 with the capital firmly in the middle of texas , they would be able to better control the new government . 
 local people would be hired to work in the new bureaucracy , and over the years those same people would rise up to control things . 
 slowly , the entire nation would be run by texans , just as the washington bureaucracy had been dominated by the east coast . 
 paul would have to come up with a solution or , the country was at risk of division . 
 but what other answer would satisfy the texans ? 
 from their looks as they stared at paul , everything hinged on the national capital in texas . 
 the stillness in the booth overshadowed the clamor of the other diners around them . 
 the tension of the standoff was palatable . 
 `` i believe i might have a solution , '' amanda said . 
 her voice startled the men . 
 they all turned to look at the young woman sitting with them . 
 they had forgotten she was even there . 
 `` ms. savage , i do declare , i 'm right interested in your views , '' horst replied . 
 `` remember , it 's amanda , horst , '' she admonished her neighbor . 
 she was sure that the re-joiner would register with the powerful texan . 
 `` amanda , yes , '' horst returned . 
 `` what do you have for us ? '' 
 `` as i see it , you have a strong argument for moving the nation 's capital to austin . 
 makes good sense in lots of ways . 
 and it 's certainly a nice place to live in comparison to washington . 
 you have the infrastructure already built to handle what would be a new large city going in there , '' amanda started . 
 `` but with the new constitution limiting the size of the government , we would n't see such a huge city there , '' vernon said . 
 paul could tell from his response that he did n't relish his hometown being swallowed by a huge city . 
 `` that 's what the founding fathers thought , too . 
 they never set out to create such a bloated whale that we ended up with either . 
 we can assume that even with the changes you 've worked out , the new government will one day be out of control , '' amanda offered . 
 `` if i remember thomas jefferson 's view on the matter , he felt that a revolution every few generations was the only solution to the bloated whale syndrome . '' 
 `` he referred to bloated whales ? '' 
 horst asked . 
 `` just embellishing on jefferson a bit , to make my point , '' amanda said . 
 `` we did n't abide jefferson 's advice and went too many generations without another revolution . 
 we were heading to a financial revolution when the sun interceded for us . 
 sort of forced the issue . '' 
 `` an understatement , for sure , '' lars said . 
 `` exactly , but because the more conservative states were prepared and the more liberal states were not , we have a paradigm shift in the political reality of the country , '' amanda said . 
 paul was impressed . 
 this young woman was laying out the basis of the new country . 
 `` you have our full attention , please continue , '' horst said . 
 `` why , thank you horst , '' amanda replied . 
 `` and now as evident by those shifting demographics , the great state of texas is the sole large state still standing . '' 
 `` here , here ! '' 
 horst said . 
 `` but that 's the crux of the problem , too . '' 
 amanda stayed on message . 
 `` previously , california or new york or a combination of large states could block any one other state 's grab for dominance . 
 that reality is gone . 
 now we have one large state and a slew of lilliputian states , if you will . '' 
 horst looked at his friends in confusion . 
 `` small , '' vernon offered . 
 `` yes , and small states will be very anxious about any texas move to dominate a new nation . 
 they will conclude correctly that moving the nation 's capital to austin is a power grab . 
 i 'm afraid they will resist , '' amanda said . 
 paul loved this woman . 
 she put the issues right on the table and in blunt terms that the texans could understand . 
 `` but , you said you had a solution , i believe , '' lars offered . 
 `` i was reading over the new details you worked out . 
 the changes you will be offering on monday include a major change in the configuration of the government . 
 i think in those changes , we can find a solution , '' amanda said . 
 `` why do n't we go back to the hotel and work this out then ? 
 i think they need our table anyway , '' horst said . 
 amanda slid out and horst immediately took her arm to escort her to a hotel meeting room . 
 paul joined in behind with lars and vernon . 
 outside the cafe , lars leaned over and whispered to paul . 
 `` your friend has horst right where she wants him . 
 this may all work . '' 
 paul trudged along in amanda 's wake , wondering how a simple lunch could be so interrupted . 
 and he had been looking forward to returning to their room for the rest of the day . 
 now he looked at more meetings . 
 he turned his jacket collar up to ward off the cold wyoming wind . 
 chapter 24 seattle , washington `` general gale , we have a radio report of a column of armored vehicles moving on our left flank , '' the radioman said . 
 ed thought about sergeant wilder and his scouts . 
 he had assigned them to watch the dash point area for a flanking move by the chinese . 
 and now that option seems to have come true . 
 `` did you pass the information on to navy ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 it would be up to the carrier war planes to stop any flanking moves . 
 ed had worked that out with admiral lanciani in the planning phase . 
 the union of american states forces had no heavy armored vehicles . 
 the stryker combat vehicles were as heavy as it got and they could n't stand up to chinese tanks . 
 the f-18 super hornet would be his protector . 
 the radioman confirmed that the navy was on it and that the strike was forming up over puget sound . 
 it would be about fifteen minutes until contact . 
 `` then get on the horn and alert sergeant wilder . 
 his scout team needs to vacate the area immediately . 
 the navy is using iron bombs , and they do n't want to be anywhere nearby , '' ed said . 
 he reminded the operator that the scouts needed to be careful not to be spotted leaving by the chinese . 
 he did n't want them chewed up by the enemy . 
 ed waited for news of the attack . 
 if the chinese could get behind his lines with an armored unit , he would be in big trouble . 
 his lightly armed troops were no match for tanks . 
 after what seemed an eternity , ed heard the radio crackle with activity . 
 `` scratch one armored regiment from the order of battle , '' one of the navy pilots said . 
 `` estimate ten tanks and fourteen armored cars . 
 plus troop trucks . '' 
 `` fully suppressed ? '' 
 the navy liaison radioman asked . 
 `` they wo n't be ordering wonton soup any time soon . 
 no movement visible , '' the pilot reported . 
 `` checked a group of motorcycles heading east as we were lining up . 
 figured them to be friendlies . 
 no selfrespecting chinese would be as ugly as those mothers . '' 
 ed was relieved to hear that his scout team had escaped the carnage . 
 a short time later he heard the roar of motorcycles coming towards headquarters . 
 soon , sergeant wilder reported in . 
 `` thought you 'd want a first-hand report , sir , '' wilder offered . 
 `` the navy laid down on those bastards but good . 
 things were popping off from ammunition and fuel going off but we circled around and checked . 
 we picked up two survivors . 
 they were both badly injured and we took them to the battalion aid station . 
 i think they 'll live . '' 
 `` good work , sergeant . 
 the navy complimented you on your timing in vacating the scene , '' ed said . 
 `` sir , those sob chinese had american armored vehicles with them . '' 
 `` they looted ft. lewis for anything they could get running . 
 remember that . 
 do n't assume that american equipment has american personnel in them . '' 
 ed had warned his commanders previously , but made a mental note to renew the warning . 
 the planned attack had been delayed to let the navy soften up the enemy . 
 ed had figured the carrier pilots could help limit his casualties , and the strategy seemed to be working . 
 the full complement of planes from the battle group kept a sustained rate of sorties going each day as they knocked the chinese defenses to pieces . 
 with the onboard helicopters of both the u.s.s. enterprise and the marine amphibious carrier providing anti-submarine and anti-shipping coverage , the chinese were in a tight spot . 
 and he intended to make it a lot tighter . 
 already three container ships approaching puget sound had been sunk . 
 along with the chinese nuclear submarine previously sunk , a maritime embargo was practically in place along the west coast . 
 the governors of the new uas had made the decision to blockade the coast . 
 the member provincial ministers had extended the blockade up the entire coast . 
 the blockade was even extended down the mexican coast to prevent the chinese from shipping supplies into california through mexican ports . 
 except for the washington coast , the blockade still did n't amount to much . 
 the u.s. navy was still working up submarines . 
 crews were finally returning to duty after being assured that their families were safe . 
 rain become a hindrance to operations , as spring weather in the puget sound area can be very wet . 
 luckily , this year was a bit drier than normal . 
 the mud factor was tolerable in the areas torn up from air attacks . 
 ed finally made the decision to send in the troops . 
 tomorrow morning would be the jump off and the navy would have units assigned to provide air support to the attacking forces . 
 `` fire it up , lieutenant . 
 we head to bellevue , '' ed said as he climbed into the helicopter . 
 one sea hawk from the u.s.s. tarawa had been flown in for the commanding general 's use . 
 ed wanted to check with his subordinate commanders to the east and north to make sure everything was ready . 
 * * * `` general , good to have you here , '' colonel van dyck said . 
 as commander of the 3rd battalion of the 12th infantry division , he had assumed operational command of forces arrayed around bellevue . 
 after arriving in astoria from afghanistan , his unit had been shipped by train through spokane and then west over the cascades . 
 along with the local units raised in montana and idaho , the regular army troops were ready to throw the invaders out . 
 `` just wanted to get an update , colonel . 
 tomorrow is a big day and i want it to come off without a hitch , '' ed said . 
 the two officers studied the map and made sure the axis of attack was clear . 
 ed did n't want his forces bumping into each other and suffering friendly fire . 
 kill the bad guys , not each other , he thought . 
 `` all units have gotten the word . 
 my regular units will lead the attack . 
 they have more experience at target acquisition and confirmation . 
 as long as the north forces stay on defense , we can coordinate with the south forces , '' colonel van dyck said . 
 ed agreed . 
 seattle was on a long peninsula , attached on two ends . 
 the north force would hold in place and stop any enemy leakage in that direction . 
 the south force would move up the peninsula pushing the enemy into a kill zone . 
 the east force then would capture the lake washington floating bridges and secure them . 
 then that force could push the chinese into puget sound . 
 but just in case the bridges were blown , the east force was ready to split in two and add weight to the southern attack . 
 ed turned to leave and just about ran into matt kendall . 
 the colonel noticed the intrusion of one of the non-regular troops in his headquarters . 
 `` soldier , are n't you out of your area ? '' 
 the colonel 's irritation showing . 
 `` it 's ok , colonel . 
 matt , what are you doing here ? 
 where 's isaac ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` do you know this solider , general ? '' 
 the colonel asked . 
 his tone had changed noticeably . 
 `` know him ? 
 this young man and his father saved not only my life , but the lives of my grandchildren , '' ed answered . 
 `` how is bruneau , by the way ? '' 
 `` i do n't write too much , but isaac is good at keeping in touch . 
 things are fine there . 
 i hear that brittany has your grandkids wrapped around her finger , '' matt said . 
 ed 's eyes began to tear up . 
 he missed his family . 
 he wanted the war to be over so he could return and take over the raising of his grandchildren . 
 `` is isaac close by ? 
 i 'd love to check in with him , too . '' 
 `` general , i can have my staff escort you to their area if you wish , '' van dyck offered . 
 `` not necessary , colonel . 
 matt can show me the way . 
 have my helicopter ready to fly north , '' ed ordered . 
 he noticed the colonel making a note as to finding out who matt and isaac were and what unit they were assigned to . 
 always good to know the politics of his command , ed thought as he left . 
 a brisk walk brought matt and ed to the commander of task force delta . 
 he had located his headquarters near the 12th division headquarters . 
 isaac was standing by the entrance . 
 `` isaac , it 's good to see you . 
 tell me what you two have been up to , '' ed said . 
 matt started to fill in ed on their time in the idaho army . 
 after basic training they had both been assigned to a unit made up of mountain home volunteers . 
 they had been part of task force delta from the beginning . 
 after coeur d’ alene , they had been part of the unit assigned to roll up along i-90 towards ellensburg . 
 they had sporadic run-ins with bad guys , but the show of force that his column presented scattered most of the opposition . 
 they 'd cross the cascade mountains at stevens pass after heavy equipment had been brought in to dig a passage through the snow . 
 even in may , the winter snow made the road impassable without clearing . 
 finished with their updates , they both announced that they were tired of sitting and waiting here in bellevue . 
 they wanted to get moving . 
 `` well , tomorrow you get your wish . 
 we 're ready to clean out the chinese and their thug friends who 've been terrorizing folks around here , '' ed offered . 
 `` good , the men in our unit want this over with . 
 summer planting season is coming up , and they want to get back to their ranches , '' matt said . 
 `` in due time . 
 i want to get back too . 
 but remember , california needs liberating also . 
 and i 'm afraid the regular army is n't back up to full strength yet . 
 you men have to be patient , '' ed said . 
 hurry up and finish things , ed thought . 
 the perpetual desire of all armies . 
 on the flight up to his north forces , ed reminded himself that he needed to watch the troops ' morale . 
 the regular army was one thing , but like what george washington wrote about regarding the original continental army , citizen soldiers were a different breed . 
 they would fight to clear their country of any invaders , but there was a limit to their endurance . 
 even troops in world war ii grew antsy to get home , especially after germany surrendered . 
 ed knew about the near mutiny of american soldiers who had fought in europe after being shipped to the pacific . 
 he resolved to treat his troops carefully . 
 * * * chairman z knew that the end was coming . 
 his leg wounds had begun healing but walking was still painful . 
 he had been rescued off the front sidewalk of the chinese hospital by ` the chairwoman ' . 
 she had received word of his injuries and had immediately sought him out . 
 finding him stretched out by the front door , she had helped him to a house nearby . 
 chairman z discovered that ` the chairwoman ' had befriended the chinese communist commissar . 
 as the top political representative of the regime , he had access to medicine . 
 ` the chairwoman ' had nursed chairman z back to health . 
 as the air attacks intensified , the commissar become more nervous . 
 without air superiority , chairman z knew that the chinese position was hopeless . 
 he lay in bed awaiting his fate . 
 maybe i should have stood still in the headquarters during the napalm attack , he thought . 
 his troubles would have ended then . 
 `` we need to get ready . 
 we leave tonight , '' ` the chairwoman ' said . 
 `` i 've convinced the commissar that you know how to sail . '' 
 `` what ? 
 i 've never even been on a sailboat . 
 and where are we going ? '' 
 `` shut up , he might hear you . 
 i 've found one of my old compatriots from portland who says he sailed a lot before ` the pulse ' . 
 he 'll show you the ropes . 
 the u.s. navy is sinking anything that floats outside on the pacific . 
 i think that a sailboat escaping seattle might glide by their attention , '' ` the chairwoman ' said . 
 `` but where ? '' 
 `` san francisco . 
 you know the chinese have a full army down there . 
 and the commissar says shipments from china are still getting through . '' 
 with the use of a garden cart and accompanied by the thug who knew sailing , the small party made their way to the seattle waterfront . 
 there they transferred to a small motorboat for the trip across to bainbridge island . 
 the forty-foot hunter sailboat was docked in a marina there . 
 once they were all loaded , chairman z looked at his sailing mate . 
 the thug-turned-sailor took command and got the sailboat out of the marina . 
 they motored away from the seattle area , staying close to bainbridge island . 
 they did n't want to attract attention from the chinese forces they were abandoning . 
 once near port townsend , they raised the sails and put the boat on a course that would take them out the strait of juan de fuca . 
 they had timed their breakout in order to hit the pacific ocean after dark . 
 they were n't sure where the u.s. navy was stationed , but by the sounds of the jets overhead , it was n't too far away . 
 the skipper kept a close course along the olympic coast . 
 with no electric lights on shore , they would run the risk of hitting land in order to make their escape . 
 the night sky and partial moon offered just enough light to avoid the headlands and keep their course south . 
 the prevailing easterly winds gave them a broad reach . 
 the navy did n't bother them . 
 * * * the commanding officer of the 12th infantry division was ready before sunrise . 
 general fuller had operational command of the 1st and 2nd battalions . 
 the 3rd battalion reported to the east force and the 4th battalion was to hold the line in the north . 
 the twelve thousand men of his division had been waiting for this day since arriving back in the states . 
 along with general gale 's troops from idaho and montana and the other assorted personnel that had returned from afghanistan , almost thirty thousand troops were ready to advance . 
 the chinese troops had retreated from british columbia before the uas forces had arrived . 
 with all the chinese concentrated in seattle , ed estimated that the chinese had approximately twenty thousand troops in one full infantry division and an armored brigade . 
 there were a few irregulars that had been looting the northwest , but general fuller did n't expect them to put up much resistance . 
 the chinese troops were another matter . 
 while china had n't fought in any wars of late , they were still regular troops . 
 fuller knew that troops that had seen combat were vastly superior to troops that had n't . 
 most of that difference could be attributed to eliminating bad officers . 
 peacetime armies took the hardship of war to eliminate the political officers that tended to control soldiers as a politician would . 
 wars needed warriors at the head of armies to make them most effective . 
 and the chinese definitely had the political officer problem . 
 general fuller was about to see how bad the chinese army had the disease . 
 `` sir , advance scouts are moving out . 
 we are engaged , '' came the telephone report . 
 `` very good . 
 carry on , '' fuller said . 
 he just had to wait now . 
 news would start to come in and he would make the command decisions to keep the enemy under pressure routine reports flowed in , but nothing causing concern . 
 fuller listened as his subordinate commanders made their decisions . 
 the sign of a good unit is good officers , he thought . 
 `` sir , we have a strange report from h company . 
 they 're currently by renton closing in on boeing field . 
 they 've met up with elements from 3rd battalion . 
 when the bridges blew , 3rd battalion split and headed for their land routes , '' the radioman reported . 
 `` what 's the strange report ? '' 
 the general asked . 
 `` white flags , sir . 
 the chinese are surrendering . 
 h company commander reports he needs help handling the number of prisoners . 
 it 's getting dangerous controlling all the hostiles but he does n't want to stop the surrenders . '' 
 `` tell him i 'm on my way with help . 
 be there in thirty minutes , '' fuller said . 
 general fuller grabbed his gear and headed over to general gale 's headquarters . 
 he would need some of gale 's troops to lend support . 
 he did n't want to tie up his frontline units with guard duty . 
 `` ed , i need your help . '' 
 `` i heard . 
 seems that our air campaign had the same effect that it did in iraq . 
 i 'll contact my commanders and load up , '' ed said . 
 `` good . 
 i 'll meet you in renton , '' general fuller said as he left in his jeep . 
 as he headed north on interstate 5 , general fuller soon ran into the column of chinese prisoners heading south . 
 his driver continued on as prisoners marched by , guarded by his men . 
 reaching boeing field , general fuller found his company commander . 
 `` general , i 'm glad you 're here . 
 i have another force that wants to surrender , but i do n't have any men left to guard them . '' 
 `` i saw your men on the interstate . 
 we should have some relief guards when they reach the sea-tac area . 
 we 'll bundle them up in the hangers there for now . 
 only place big enough to hold them . 
 meanwhile i 'll get on the horn and get adjacent units to move in support , '' fuller said . 
 soon other units of the 12th infantry showed up and the surrendering process continued . 
 as the general stood watching , hundreds of chinese soldiers went into captivity . 
 he wondered why there was such a weak response from the enemy . 
 the air attacks had n't been anywhere near as devastating as iraq , he thought . 
 as he watched the process , a captain with b company came over . 
 `` sir , we just pulled in an officer . 
 he speaks english . 
 figured you might want to talk to him . '' 
 `` i do , captain . 
 have him placed away from any other prisoner so he can speak freely , '' fuller answered . 
 as fuller was about to interrogate the officer , a truck pulled up with the returning h company personnel . 
 general gale was right behind . 
 `` thought i 'd personally return your company . 
 my troops have taken over guard duty . '' 
 `` you 're just in time . 
 i have a chinese officer who seems to want to talk . 
 join me ? '' 
 the two generals with their bodyguards headed to a building next to boeing field . 
 a guard saluted and indicated that their prisoner was inside . 
 as fuller opened the door , he turned to the bodyguard . 
 `` you men can wait here . '' 
 as he and general gale walked in , ed took up a position against the wall while fuller sat down in front of the prisoner . 
 `` general . 
 in fact two generals . 
 i feel honored , '' the chinese prisoner said . 
 `` name and rank . '' 
 `` colonel lee . 
 commander of the 3rd battalion . 
 68th infantry division of the people 's liberation army of china , '' lee answered . 
 `` and you may ask what you please . 
 i choose to surrender today . '' 
 fuller looked up at general gale standing to the side of the table . 
 `` well , my first question is , what are you doing in my country ? '' 
 `` as your president said upon our arrival , we came to offer security and food to your distressed citizens . 
 he was very explicit in his thanks for a mercy mission that obviously your country could not provide , '' lee answered . 
 `` ok . 
 we 'll leave that matter for now . 
 tell me why you 're laying down your arms ? '' 
 fuller asked . 
 `` general , you have placed a naval blockade on us and you have air superiority . 
 we have a hopeless situation . 
 and we only came in peace to offer humanitarian aid . 
 we did not come as invaders . 
 surely your people told of our work saving your citizens from starvation , '' lee said . 
 `` oh yes . 
 we heard . 
 we 'll also leave that for later . 
 can i expect the total capitulation of your troops then , sir ? '' 
 fuller asked . 
 `` that may be a bit confusing general . 
 it seems our commissar has disappeared and that our political control has broken down . 
 our forces rely on direction from the party . 
 therefore , i ca n't answer your question for other units , '' lee offered . 
 ed grabbed fuller 's attention and nodded toward the door . 
 the two stepped out of the room . 
 `` he 's full of it . 
 humanitarian aid , my ass , '' ed said . 
 fuller agreed that the chinese colonel was blowing smoke up their asses , but they needed to know how to handle the other units . 
 they did n't want their troops getting complacent that all the chinese were ready to surrender . 
 the first thing that would happen would be a chinese unit determined to fight . 
 the two generals agreed that they would proceed cautiously . 
 the division intelligence officer showed up and fuller put him to work on the prisoner . 
 he would issue orders that all units would continue to accept prisoners , but to remain alert for resistance at any time . 
 the chinese troops continued to surrender as soon as the americans showed up in their area . 
 thousands of prisoners happily went into captivity . 
 only one unit showed any sign of resistance , but that was quickly ended when the chinese troops shot their officers . 
 this unit then went quietly into captivity . 
 the real problem came in the next couple of days . 
 with thousands of new mouths to feed , the logistical support was strained to the limit . 
 the big trouble that the americans faced in the whole operation was when they ran into their fellow americans . 
 the units made up of criminals knew that their fate was sealed . 
 their resistance caused a delay in rounding up all the chinese . 
 finally ed announced the agreement he had worked out in idaho to get the thugs there to surrender . 
 a ` no death penalty ' policy to all who surrendered was broadcast . 
 resistance then generally collapsed and the criminal gangs nearly all turned themselves in . 
 a few holdouts tried to escape through the american lines but they were quickly tracked down and killed . 
 the report of the capture of seattle was acclaimed in cheyenne where the governors continued to meet over the future of the country . 
 their enthusiasm was dulled when the next messages arrived . 
 it appeared that once they were away from their officers , most of the chinese prisoners were asking for asylum . 
 they indicated that they had no wish to return to a communist china and that they were willing to live the rest of their lives in america . 
 `` seems that last message you sent has their tail in a twist , '' ed said . 
 `` it was little shocking to me , too . 
 what do we do with that many immigrants ? 
 and now word is getting around . 
 the officers want asylum , too , '' fuller said . 
 `` we have a problem there . 
 we have locals coming forward making reports on their treatment under the humanitarian chinese . 
 there are some accounts to be settled there , '' ed said , `` but we need to sit on all of it for now . 
 it might help us in clearing out california . '' 
 `` i agree . 
 the more chinese troops who think they can stay in america if they surrender , the easier the job will be , '' general fuller said . 
 chapter 25 hamilton , new zealand after the fight on the bombay hills , the leffingwell family stock rose substantially . 
 not with the kiwis , because they already knew why they had joined connor leffingwell and marched off to war . 
 but the americans now moved around noel and his great-grandfather with a new respect . 
 while noel enjoyed the new status accorded him by the yanks , it did n't change his great-grandfather 's attitude one bit . 
 in fact , noel noticed that it made him crankier with all the attention metered out suddenly . 
 `` bloody hell . 
 a bloke ca n't be alone around here . 
 i wish these sods would just bugger off , '' gg admonished to no one in particular . 
 `` my arm is feeling much better . 
 that yank medic did a good job stitching me up , '' noel offered . 
 `` i 'm just glad that bayonet did n't catch something major . 
 i would n't be allowed back in the house by your mother if something happened to you , '' his great-grandfather said . 
 it was the first time since setting off from aorere that his grandfather had shown concern about his well-being . 
 at least gg had stopped talking about fighting to the last to defend new zealand . 
 the american arrival had helped put some hope into the situation . 
 in fact there was more than hope . 
 with all the different kiwi patrols reporting on the ` indo ' positions in the hills , it was apparent that the commanders were making preparations to advance . 
 this was fine with noel . 
 the sooner the invaders were thrown out , the sooner he and his great-grandfather could return home . 
 `` noel , how 's the arm ? '' 
 major smith asked . 
 `` i want you ready to shove off tomorrow before daylight . 
 we have the information we need . 
 the ` indo ' position is untenable if we attack right now . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 we 'll be ready , '' noel answered . 
 * * * things began before sunrise , as the men were stirred from their sleep by the non-commissioned officers . 
 noel and his great-grandfather would continue to provide liaison between the kiwi and american forces . 
 noel packed their gear as his grandfather made tea . 
 he separated out what they might need for the coming battle with things he could leave behind to be collected after the fight . 
 noel knew that they would be carrying mostly ammunition today and that the day-to-day things of life in the field would just slow them down . 
 noel stuffed the extra things in a duffle bag that would remain at headquarters . 
 picking up his entrenching tool , he began to stuff it in with the extras . 
 he had n't used it since their original defensive position up on the desert road . 
 `` hold on there , noel . 
 we do n't leave the infantryman 's ` best friend ' , '' gg said . 
 he reached for the entrenching tool and handed it to noel . 
 `` you pack this for today . 
 we do n't ever go anywhere without this . '' 
 `` but grandfather , we have n't used it in months and the major said we 'd be moving forward today , '' noel offered . 
 `` and when we stop , it may not be real friendly . 
 you may learn to love this little thing today . '' 
 `` yes sir , '' noel said . 
 he would humor his great-grandfather . 
 but with the bandoliers of ak-47 ammunition he carried along with a rain slicker and a little food for both of them , he was going to be weighed down . 
 after a breakfast of marmite on toast cooked over their camp stove , followed by a cup of tea , the two kiwis were ready . 
 at the sight of the marmite , the americans around them turned up their noses . 
 the ones who had tried it never did again . 
 the others took their buddies ' word on the culinary experience . 
 they do n't know what they 're missing , noel thought . 
 noel watched as the yanks finished up their spam in a can with a cup of coffee . 
 he had tried some of the ` meals ready to eat ' and concluded that marmite was superior . 
 and coffee versus tea was n't even close . 
 english breakfast tea with milk and sugar was what had carried the british troops through world war ii . 
 if it was good enough for his limey cousins , it was good enough for him . 
 `` noel , gg , we 're moving out . 
 we 're responsible for taking and holding the ridge you did your recon from . 
 the marines will be covering our right flank with the 1st battalion of the 24th infantry on our left . 
 our spot is critical as it will be the hinge on which the other forces will pivot to envelop the ` indos ' , '' major smith said . 
 `` ` bout bloody time you blokes got off your backsides . 
 noel and i could have taken and held that ridge with a squad last week . 
 by now those buggers will have recognized the importance of that spot and dug in , '' gg said . 
 the major shook his head and walked off to get his battalion moving . 
 `` grandfather , please try to be just a little understanding of our allies . 
 they know what they 're doing , '' noel said . 
 `` we 'll see , son . 
 we 'll see . '' 
 grandfather picked up his ak-47 , put the sling over his shoulder and let the weapon fall onto his chest . 
 he checked the magazine to be sure it was seated properly . 
 noel grabbed his pack and weapon and fell in behind his great-grandfather . 
 the pink in the eastern sky was just appearing when they reached the bottom of the hill . 
 noel could tell that a recon team was already up on the ridge by the radio traffic . 
 the major checked in regularly with his forward units . 
 from the quiet still hanging over the south slope of the bombay hills , the advancing forces had not been spotted by the ` indos ' . 
 noel started the climb up the first hill . 
 the growing light revealed other american and new zealand troops around him . 
 `` g’day mate . 
 looks to be a bonser day to kill ` indos ' , '' a kiwi walking next to him offered . 
 he carried what looked to be an antique from the 19th century . 
 the two men lugging the contraption saw noel 's inquisitive look . 
 `` maxim . 
 machine gun . 
 world war i. straight out of the wellington museum . 
 luckily one of the men from blenheim knew where we could come up with a good supply of ammunition for it . '' 
 noel was taken back . 
 we 're cleaning out our museums so we can fight , he thought . 
 the maxim-carrying trooper again noticed noel 's look and again offered . 
 `` if you think this is something , you should see what syd over there has , '' the maxim man said . 
 looking over to his right he whispered . 
 `` hey syd , show our mate here what you have for the ` indos '' ' . 
 sydney walked toward the voice . 
 noel noticed a man carrying an evil looking gun over his shoulder . 
 a bi-pod swung from the muzzle end . 
 a belt of large caliber ammunition knocked against the man as he walked . 
 close behind two men tried to keep up carrying metal boxes . 
 noel assumed they were full of ammunition . 
 sydney looked over noel and his great-grandfather . 
 `` you 're the leffingwells . 
 good on you , mate . 
 show those ` indos ' what it means to try and take another man 's country . '' 
 `` what is it you 're carrying ? '' 
 noel asked . 
 `` oh , this little thing . 
 my grandfather came home from the european war in 1946 with it . 
 told them it was for his outfit 's museum . 
 crikey , the bloody bastards believed him and let him bring it into the country . 
 he 's had it well hidden ` til he dug it up three months ago . 
 we cleaned it up and he showed me how to use it . '' 
 `` it looks like it knows how to clear a battlefield . '' 
 `` mate , this is the most feared german weapon of world war ii . 
 this is the mg 42 squad machine gun . 
 my grandfather would recall the buzz saw sound of this beast when i was a kid . 
 with a rate of 1200 rounds per minute , it throws bullets into the air with a sound every soldier on the receiving end never forgets . '' 
 `` and you have ammo for it ? '' 
 noel asked . 
 `` poor bastards behind me have been complaining , but we 've got enough . 
 my grandfather knew enough to collect plenty over the past twenty years . '' 
 noel found out that the maxim and the mg 42 had been assigned to his unit to enhance their stopping power . 
 when the americans had left afghanistan , a lot of the units heavy weapons had been left behind . 
 there was limited transport to the pakistani coast and most of the troops ended up walking the entire distance . 
 the major found the ridge still unguarded . 
 the ` indos ' had n't grasped that the spot that noel and his great-grandfather had happened upon was the tactical lynchpin of the entire hills . 
 major smith began directing the troops to dig in . 
 he spotted the best positions for the supporting machine guns . 
 entrenching tools appeared and everyone started digging . 
 noel sighed as gg smiled at his great-grandson . 
 noel started digging where the old man had pointed out . 
 their spot was just off the top and on the backside of ridge . 
 it would still face a secondary line of ` indos ' while the machine guns were dug in on the front where they faced the main defensive positions of the invaders . 
 the first light of sunrise broke the eastern horizon . 
 suddenly the air exploded in flame and steel as mortar rounds landed all around them . 
 noel dove for cover . 
 `` keep digging , '' gg yelled . 
 he was prone on the ground trying to avoid the flying shrapnel that filled the air . 
 noel shoveled furiously as the dirt flew out of the growing hole . 
 more mortars arrived and noel increased his rate of digging . 
 he looked up while he threw dirt out of the way and noticed men working feverishly at their own tiny spots . 
 dirt flew everywhere . 
 as noel continued attacking the ground , he heard the major on the radio calling in coordinates . 
 soon sounds of outgoing mortars cracked overhead as the americans sought out the ` indio ' mortar unit . 
 noel saw explosions on the hillside to the front of their ridge . 
 noel noticed the tormenting mortars slacken considerably as the american fire wreaked havoc on their enemies . 
 finally the hole was big enough to get his great-grandfather into and off the open ground . 
 noel worked on expanding the hole to make room for himself . 
 accomplishing that , he started to relax . 
 `` make it deeper , son . 
 you 'll be wishing that you could reach england before the day is out , '' his great-grandfather said . 
 noel bent to his task . 
 he noticed as he dug that the fire had subsided with only an occasional round impacting their position . 
 but now he could hear the cries of the wounded . 
 the mortars had done a job on the troops around him . 
 medical teams took up the wounded and began the trek down the hill to an aid station . 
 the dead were left where they fell . 
 noel could see three dead americans . 
 when noel felt the hole was deep enough , he took off his pack and made sure his great-grandfather was settled . 
 he took his weapon and shovel and crawled over the ridge to see if he could lend a hand getting the machine guns dug in . 
 noel knew they were critical in stopping any determined attack . 
 `` you and gg ok ? '' 
 major smith asked as noel crawled by the area set up as headquarters . 
 `` we 're right , '' noel answered . 
 he continued forward . 
 he reached the position sydney had been assigned and saw the men working hard digging . 
 they were reinforcing the position with a few logs that the kiwis had found in the bush . 
 sydney motioned for noel to jump in as he pilled dirt against the logs . 
 a firing slit was created between two logs so that the gunner could have a free range of fire while being protected from returning shots . 
 the top was open , but bullets coming from the ` indo ' positions would have eight inches of wood to chew through . 
 unless they were lucky and could hit the slit . 
 a single shot rang out and one of the ammunition carriers working with noel dropped over with a hole in his head . 
 `` snipers , '' someone yelled and all the troops dropped into their holes . 
 noel stared at the man as blood oozed out of the front of his skull . 
 the back of his head was missing . 
 syd shoved the body aside and out of the way . 
 he pulled his extra ammo cans into his firing pit and lined them up on the left side . 
 they were ready to feed into the german gun . 
 `` let me show you how this works , '' syd said . 
 `` you may need to take over . '' 
 syd proceeded to show noel how to lift the plate that allowed the ammunition belt to be loaded . 
 once settled , syd dropped the plate and pulled back on the slide to chamber a round . 
 he hit the selective fire switch and pulled the trigger . 
 the gun fired one shot . 
 he hit the switch again and showed noel how to hold the belt so that it would feed smoothly . 
 taking aim at the ` indo ' trenches , he pulled the trigger . 
 noel felt the belt fly across his hand as the buzz saw sound tore through the air . 
 syd stopped and motioned noel to repeat what he had just done . 
 noel moved over and opened the plate . 
 he pulled out the belt and then reloaded the gun . 
 he followed through the steps that syd had done and fired once . 
 then switching to full auto , he fired a short burst . 
 he stopped firing and sat back to take a breath . 
 `` it 's a beaut , mate . 
 those ` indios ' can find out what my grandfather suffered through now , '' syd said . 
 noel nodded in agreement . 
 the power of the gun was overwhelming . 
 he could n't imagine being on the receiving end of such mechanized death . 
 syd then showed him the padded glove needed to change the barrel after sustained firing . 
 the heat generated by such a volume of fire required that the barrel be changed frequently in order to keep shooting . 
 an extra barrel in a cloth case lay beside the gun . 
 syd looked at noel with the look of an instructor letting the pupil know that lesson time was over . 
 they were ready . 
 they did n't have to wait long . 
 as soon as the sun was up over the ridge , the ` indo ' commanders organized a response . 
 syd pointed out troops assembling to the left of their position . 
 he swung the barrel around to make sure he had a clear field of fire in that direction . 
 he sat back satisfied and waited . 
 noel indicated that he wanted to check on his great-grandfather and crawled out of the log pit . 
 he stayed on his belly as he headed back over the ridge to his own hole where grandfather brewed tea . 
 `` i missed you , son . 
 anything new going on about ? '' 
 gg asked . 
 `` i got lessons in machine gun use . '' 
 `` good , that may come in handy later . '' 
 `` the ` indos ' are gathering . 
 syd figures for an attack soon , '' noel offered . 
 `` time to get things moving , i say . 
 have a cuppa and then we 'll join the lads , '' gg said . 
 finishing their tea , they grabbed their weapons and ammunition and crawled over to the front of the slope . 
 as liaison , they were n't assigned a fighting position . 
 other troops would watch the back side of the ridge . 
 they both dropped into the headquarters redoubt hidden in some trees . 
 a quick hole with logs had been dug and major smith was on the radio with the main headquarters in hamilton . 
 `` we 're advancing on both flanks as planned . 
 it should generate a response very soon , '' the major said . 
 he handed the radio back to his corporal . 
 the response arrived in the shape of mortars again landing on their position . 
 the rate of explosions was back to its original intensity as the ` indos ' focused more fire on this critical spot . 
 noel felt the intensity showed that the enemy had finally figured out this spot 's importance . 
 the ` indos ' were now intent on claiming land that two hours earlier they had n't even known they wanted . 
 the kiwis and yanks were now the focus of the fight . 
 noel and his great-grandfather shrank into the earth as shells landed around them . 
 at a slight lull in the mayhem , they looked out at the forward positions . 
 smoke was everywhere . 
 new holes had appeared from the mortar rounds impacting and tearing the ground . 
 they both reacted as one , jumping out of the headquarters hole and running to a new mortar hole . 
 sliding in , they quickly snapped into place at the forward slope of the pit . 
 across the slope enemy troops were advancing . 
 american mortars again were seeking out the opposing mortars . 
 shells were bursting across the depression that separated the two forces . 
 the ` indos ' continued forward . 
 as they drew closer the allies opened up . 
 the enemy staggered but kept coming . 
 the maxim gun opened up and the enemy paused again . 
 but they rose up and charged forward . 
 mortar shells intensified as noel ducked into the pit for safety . 
 firing around him slowed as men retreated into their holes for survival . 
 then noel noticed his grandfather sprinting out of the hole . 
 noel looked up and saw him heading to where the maxim had just been firing . 
 but now nothing but smoke and debris littered the area . 
 a shell had landed nearby and killed the gun crew . 
 noel 's great-grandfather struggled to right the overturned gun . 
 with its water jacket and tripod , its weight resisted gg 's pull . 
 noel ran over to help , falling into the pit as he tripped on one of the dead bodies . 
 shoving the other dead gunner out of the way . 
 noel pulled with all his strength to get the machine gun back into position . 
 his great-grandfather jumped behind the gun and motioned for noel to feed the belt . 
 pulling the trigger , the maxim barked to life just as the leading ` indos ' ran up to the front of their position . 
 hard-charging men fell as gg pivoted the gun back and forth on the tripod . 
 each pass would cut down a swath of attackers , but more were right behind them . 
 noel watched the belt run up out of the box and through the gun . 
 as the end fed through , the gun stopped . 
 noel looked around frantically for more ammunition and found a new box . 
 he pulled it forward . 
 `` never mind , i 'll get that . 
 use this , '' his great-grandfather shoved the ak-47 into his hands . 
 noel looked up to see dark-skinned men very close . 
 he popped up out of the hole and pulled the trigger . 
 the assault weapon ripped into the enemy at close range . 
 enemy troops fell as the ak-47 found its mark , but spraying bullets in the open had risks to it . 
 noel felt a burning stab of pain hit him on the side of his head . 
 then another one hit him in his injured arm . 
 he used all his energy to keep from collapsing . 
 he threw a new clip into the ak-47 and finished off the closest attackers . 
 just when he felt like he would pass out from pain , the maxim opened up again . 
 he dropped down behind the logs and saw his grinning grandfather clearing the field in front of them . 
 noel reached up and felt his throbbing head . 
 the wound stung when he touched it , but the wound was a glancing one . 
 the hole in his arm was bleeding , so he retrieved a dressing from the dead man 's kit and tied up his wound . 
 his great-grandfather stopped firing long enough to turn and look at his noel 's head wound . 
 a lucky round found its way between the logs protecting the gun position , hitting his great-grandfather in the leg . 
 he fell over clutching right above his knee , swearing a streak . 
 noel grabbed another dressing and quickly applied it to gg 's leg . 
 he found some pain killer in a self-administrating syringe and started to stab his great-grandfather . 
 `` no , '' he yelled . 
 `` i 'll need my wits about me , '' and shoved noel 's hand away . 
 noel looked out the firing slit and could see more attackers coming in from the right . 
 right on cue the mortars opened up in earnest again . 
 explosions crashed into noel 's position and he could hear the screams of the wounded over the din . 
 again the maxim came to life as gg opened up . 
 but as intense as the old machine gun was , the troops kept advancing . 
 noel noticed that there was a certain sound missing that had been there before . 
 he looked to his right and saw the answer . 
 the hole that had held the mg 42 and its crew was in shambles . 
 a mortar had landed close by and now smoke billowed from the spot that just seconds ago held men fighting . 
 without the sustained rate of fire from the german gun , the unit could not hold off the attackers . 
 motioning to his great-grandfather that he needed to get the other gun operating , noel sprinted over the open ground between the two gun pits . 
 the maxim provided some cover against the enemy as he ran . 
 a bullet tore through his ankle as he reached the pit and noel fell forward into the dugout . 
 he grabbed his ankle and screamed with pain , but the enemy was still advancing . 
 noel pulled the mg 42 free and checked the belt . 
 he adjusted the bi-pod on the ground and aligned the sights . 
 he would have to shoot one handed and feed the belt with the other . 
 his arm , ankle and head were throbbing as he took sight on the ` indos ' . 
 noel pulled the trigger and the ` beast ' responded . 
 a buzz went up through the clamor of battle and noel saw the dirt flying up as bullets tore holes in front of the charging troops . 
 he walked the spray right into the men and watched them drop . 
 he stopped , readjusted the aim to another group now charging from straight ahead . 
 again he walked the bullet spray into the men and they stopped in their tracks . 
 noel marveled at the ` buzz saw ' action as the gun capable of over 1200 rounds per minute cleared an area of live men . 
 it was like pointing a garden hose of death and just washing it over the area . 
 as he reached the end of his belt and let up on the trigger , the gun kept firing . 
 syd had warned him that when the barrel was too hot , the rounds would ` cook ' off . 
 it was time to change barrels . 
 noel looked around the confusion for the glove and extra barrel . 
 the explosion had strewn things everywhere and noel could only find the barrel . 
 as hard as he looked , he could n't find the glove . 
 he reached instead for syd 's heavy wool coat and yanked it off . 
 using it for protection , he struggled to remove the barrel . 
 syd had been rather cursory on his barrel change drill , and it took some time for noel to finally get it right . 
 he flew getting a new box of ammunition loaded and the plate slammed shut . 
 racking a round , he focused now on what was in front of him . 
 panic stuck him as he looked out the slit and saw what looked to be a full company leaping over the dead bodies of their countrymen . 
 where are the others ? 
 noel thought . 
 it was decidedly quiet on noel 's side of the battle . 
 he looked over at his great-grandfather 's position and saw only smoke . 
 another mortar round had done its worse and the maxim was now silent . 
 noel looked hard for signs of his great-grandfather , but saw nothing moving . 
 he could n't worry about him now or he would soon be dead . 
 the ` indos ' were realizing that the position they were attacking was not firing back . 
 only sporadic small arms fire broke the silence . 
 they knew their attack was about to take the field . 
 their fallen comrades had helped win the day . 
 they doubled their speed running up the hill . 
 the ` indos ' were met with a wall of death as noel opened up with the ` beast ' . 
 noel was now getting proficient at walking the spray of instant eternity into the running men . 
 the thirty caliber rounds tore the bodies apart as screaming men gasped , falling in their stride . 
 noel worked over the entire company until none moved . 
 he stopped and looked down . 
 this was his last box of belted ammunition and he had used most of it in the last charge . 
 he looked around for his ak-47 and found it by one of the dead bodies . 
 noel gathered his remaining ammo for the rifle and placed it in the edge of the log . 
 he waited . 
 again , the ` indos ' did n't let him wait long . 
 mortars landed nearby , but were decidedly less effective than before . 
 the counter fire weakened the ` indos ' fire appreciably . 
 noel waited . 
 the mortars crashed behind him . 
 he turned to see the headquarters finally succumb to a hit . 
 smoke and fire belched out of the small patch of trees that had hidden the commander . 
 noel continued to wait . 
 from his right came a blood curdling yell as another full company of attackers rushed out of the trees . 
 noel looked at the enemy and knew that the ammunition was n't going to be enough . 
 he would hold fire until they were very close . 
 he waited . 
 the ` indos ' were determined to attain their objective and this company rushed forward like madmen to complete the fight . 
 they soon realized that no one fired at them . 
 they charged on faster as they reached the area of the dead bodies from the previous attack , they hesitated slightly . 
 this had been where the ` beast ' had opened up and cut them to pieces . 
 nothing happened , and they renewed their determined charge . 
 noel waited . 
 as they drew close to the ridge top , a couple of rifles opened up to noel 's right . 
 the few survivors left , noel thought . 
 the ` indos ' brushed the small threat aside and focused on the ridge top . 
 they would reach it in only a few more seconds . 
 only a short open space was between them and victory . 
 noel stopped waiting . 
 he took careful aim at the enemy and realized that they would soon be on him . 
 he squeezed the trigger . 
 the mg 42 ripped the air as bullets spewed out into the ` indos ' . 
 he swung the spray across the field as men dropped in agony . 
 halfway across the attackers , the big gun went silent . 
 noel frantically looked down and the belt was gone . 
 he grabbed his ak-47 and stood up . 
 he snapped the trigger and fired at the men . 
 but the rifle did n't have the same effect as the ` beast ' . 
 the attackers knew now that the fight was over . 
 they had won . 
 just this one kiwi to dispose of and they would hold the key position . 
 noel saw all this in the grins of the ` indos ' as they ran toward him . 
 his clip emptied , and he reached for a new one . 
 he did n't get the chance as a bullet slammed into his chest , throwing him back into the hole . 
 the agony was intolerable . 
 he groaned as blood squirted out of the hole in his chest . 
 he turned to try and see his great-grandfather . 
 he did n't want to die alone . 
 tears filled his eyes , knowing this was the last thing he would see . 
 then through the blur of his crying he saw an ` indo ' walk up to the edge of his pit . 
 the soldier grinned at the luck of finding the kiwi still alive . 
 he raised his rifle to finish noel off . 
 noel looked up at the man as he took careful aim . 
 noel could look right down the man 's gun sights and into his eyes . 
 eyes that were gleaming in anticipation of killing off their final antagonist . 
 as noel watched , the soldier begin to squeeze the trigger as the man 's grin widened , exposing his white teeth . 
 then the grin disappeared , along with the man 's head . 
 the ` indo ' soldier just crumpled into the pit , falling next to noel , splattering him in blood . 
 noel now noticed intense fire . 
 but from where ? 
 he thought . 
 he could n't move to look out of the pit . 
 he stuck his finger in his chest to try and slow the bleeding . 
 he felt for the place that seemed to be bleeding the most and squeezed it the best he could * * * noel opened his eyes slightly . 
 he was n't in the pit anymore . 
 he opened them a little more and could see that he was in a hospital room . 
 he rolled his head to the side and it was still daylight . 
 how did i get here ? 
 he wondered . 
 `` he 's awake , doctor , '' noel heard a female voice say . 
 `` good , '' another female voice answered . 
 a woman in a white coat came into view and bent over . 
 she reached for noel 's wrist and felt his pulse . 
 she took a stethoscope off her shoulders and listened to his chest . 
 then with a flashlight , she checked his eyes . 
 `` they 're responsive . 
 his pulse is shallow , but steady , '' the woman said . 
 `` you may live after all . 
 we were quite worried there for a while . '' 
 noel tried to talk but all that came out was a grunt . 
 the woman reached over for a glass of water and a straw and offered it to noel . 
 he sipped on the straw . 
 the water felt like magic on his dry throat . 
 he sipped more . 
 she pulled it away . 
 `` not too much . 
 you 've been out for a week now . 
 we need to take things slowly . '' 
 a week , noel thought . 
 great-grandfather was his next thought . 
 he struggled to get the word out . 
 what had happened to his great-grandfather ? 
 the panic on his face registered on the woman . 
 she pulled a syringe from her coat pocket and stuck it into his iv drip tubing . 
 noel was out in seconds . 
 the next time noel awoke , it was dark out . 
 new zealand was still without a reliable power grid , so looking out the window , noel saw only sporadic lights . 
 he lay awake for a time . 
 soon a woman with a flashlight came into the room to check on the two patients . 
 it was the first noel had noticed that he was sharing his room with another . 
 the woman with the flashlight turned to noel . 
 seeing that he was awake , she offered him some water . 
 noel took more this time and it felt wonderful . 
 the woman let him drink as much as he wanted this time . 
 she pulled up a chair to sit beside him . 
 he tried to ask a question , but his voice was still absent . 
 he made a motion for a paper and pen , and she went to find something for him to write on . 
 where is my grandfather ? 
 was his first written question . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i do n't know , '' the woman lied . 
 where am i ? 
 was the second question . 
 `` hamilton hospital . 
 you were brought in over a week ago . 
 your wounds were very serious . 
 the hospital has a limited generator but we save the electricity for the important things . 
 a u.s. army doctor operated on you . 
 saved your life . 
 she had lots of experience on gunshot wounds from afghanistan . 
 if a kiwi doctor had tried , you 'd be dead now , '' the woman answered . 
 who are you ? 
 noel wrote . 
 `` i 'm lt. eleanor goss , u. s. army nurse corps , '' she answered . 
 `` recently of sar bandadar air base in afghanistan , but you can call me ellie . '' 
 thank you . 
 it 's nice to meet you , noel wrote . 
 the next week was one of doctors and nurses arriving and departing after poking his body and writing in his chart . 
 noel was eating food now , if slurping chicken broth was considered eating . 
 at least he was back to having his tea . 
 the tea , more than anything , boosted his mood . 
 but everyone that came through claimed ignorance to the whereabouts of his great-grandfather . 
 two weeks after the battle , noel was sitting up in bed . 
 his neighbor was still comatose , so there was n't much to do . 
 he was tired of playing solitaire with the cards someone had left by his bed . 
 `` well , noel . 
 it 's damn good to see you . '' 
 noel looked up and saw major smith being rolled into his room in a wheelchair . 
 his left leg was in a cast . 
 facial wounds had been bandaged and noel could see a bandage on his left arm under his hospital gown . 
 `` major smith , you made it through alive . 
 do you know what happened to gg ? 
 no one here seems to know anything . '' 
 there was a long pause as the attendant pushing the wheelchair stared down at the floor . 
 the major looked right at noel as tears welled up in his eyes . 
 he fought back to keep his composure . 
 `` noel , gg did n't make it . 
 he was hit by a mortar during the last charge , '' smith said . 
 the room was very quiet . 
 noel looked out the window at the white clouds floating in from the tasman sea . 
 tears ran down his face . 
 `` he went out doing something very special , noel . 
 you need to know that his action saved our position long enough for the marines to break the enemies back . 
 if the ` indos ' had taken our ridge , they would have split our forces in two and collapsed our attack . 
 they could have been here in hamilton right now instead of us , '' the major offered . 
 noel continued to stare out the window . 
 he missed his great-grandfather like never before . 
 how can i go on without him ? 
 he wondered . 
 `` noel , if it 's any consolation , i 've put in the papers for gg to receive the medal of honor . 
 from the story , the old man should have received it on the ` canal ' , but we 'll do our best to make up for that oversight , '' smith offered . 
 `` thank you , major . 
 i know he 'd appreciate that , '' noel finally said . 
 `` and when the marines that came to our rescue found out that the position had been held by a ` canal ' veteran , they stopped everything to carry him down the hill in honors . 
 they stood guard over his body the whole time until we buried him in the military cemetery set up outside bombay , '' major smith said . 
 `` i 'd like to go see him . '' 
 `` of course . 
 as soon as you 're up for it , we 'll take you there . 
 and there are some visitors that have been asking for you , when you 're ready . '' 
 `` anyone else survive , major ? '' 
 noel asked . 
 `` i 'm afraid we got hit bad . 
 gg will be sharing space with some good soldiers , '' major smith said . 
 `` but your mate syd survived . 
 in fact he 's in the bed next to you . 
 you could n't tell from the bandages . 
 he took a bad hit in the head . '' 
 noel looked at the man that had been his roommate for two weeks . 
 no , with all the bandages , he would never be able to tell who it was . 
 but syd had made it . 
 and the ` beast ' . 
 what had happened to the big german gun that had saved the day ? 
 he wondered . 
 * * * it would be another two weeks before noel was able to start getting out of bed . 
 he was excited to see something besides his room and his comatose roommate . 
 he constantly harangued the attendant to wheel him around the floor . 
 but everywhere he went the wounded soldiers would look sadly at the young kiwi who had lost his great-grandfather on bombay hill . 
 the tale of the fight was well known to everyone by now . 
 the ` indos ' had been pushed off the hills and had retreated into the suburbs of auckland . 
 not wanting an urban fight , the kiwi and american commanders were content to hold the high ground . 
 they now securely held the farmland around hamilton and with a strong defensive position in the hills , the ` indos ' were cordoned off . 
 time was needed to gain strength to throw the invaders out of new zealand for good . 
 in australia , a similar position was being held . 
 australia had ceded north and west australia to the chinese invaders . 
 with the american help that arrived from afghanistan , the aussies held a strong line in the southeast corner of the country . 
 they also waited for events elsewhere to proceed . 
 * * * the day finally came for noel 's visit to his great-grandfather 's grave at the base of the bombay hills . 
 as he got ready to be wheeled down to the waiting truck , noel 's father , desmond , and his grandfather leslie stepped into the room . 
 there were hugs and tears all around as the three men met for the first time in months . 
 major smith limped into the room using a cane and was startled by the family reunion . 
 he was dressed in his best uniform . 
 noel introduced his family to the major . 
 `` grandfather leslie ? 
 but who did we fight with ? '' 
 major smith asked . 
 he looked confused . 
 `` i 'm sorry major . 
 we visit my great grandfather connor leffingwell today . 
 this is his son and grandson , my father , '' noel tried to explain . 
 `` great grandfather . 
 now i understand why he wanted to be called gg , '' major smith said . 
 `` he thought putting great in front of grandfather every time was a waste of time . 
 said it made him feel too old , '' noel explained the four men rode together in a truck out to the cemetery . 
 it was now just an open pasture by the side of the road . 
 a backhoe was parked by the new gravel road that had been laid down at the entrance . 
 the field was scattered with fresh dirt and crosses in rows . 
 noel looked at the large number of them . 
 in the center were two flag poles . 
 a new zealand flag snapped from one and an american flag from the other . 
 a large crowd of soldiers and civilians were standing just off the center circle that surrounded the flag poles . 
 the truck drove up behind the other vehicles . 
 `` you should know that some other people wanted to be here today , '' major smith said . 
 desmond helped his son into the wheel chair and pushed him toward the crowd . 
 the people all parted to make room for the four men as they walked up to one of the new graves . 
 `` attention , '' a marine sergeant shouted . 
 the honor guard snapped to attention and presented their rifles . 
 a kiwi soldier holding a new zealand flag on a staff came to attention . 
 `` noel , i want to introduce my commanding officer , general curtis rockwell , '' major smith said . 
 `` noel , it 's an honor , '' the general saluted . 
 `` we arranged this for you and your great-grandfather as we have something important that needs to be done . 
 but first the prime minister of new zealand wishes to meet you . '' 
 noel tried to stand as george muldoon stepped forward and shook his hand . 
 after thanking noel for his service to the country he announced , `` the government of new zealand , in the long tradition of honoring our warriors , is proud to bestow on noel leffingwell the new zealand cross for bravery above and beyond the call of duty . 
 your great-grandfather is proud of you today , as he was proud of you every day . '' 
 the prime minister then introduced the right honorable sir reginald cantwell , her majesty 's governor general to new zealand . 
 sir cantwell stepped forward and shook noel 's hand . 
 `` as queens elizabeth 's appointed representative to new zealand , i am here to commend the strength of purpose so recently displayed by noel leffingwell in the recent battle . 
 standing in the long british tradition of force of arms , noel met the enemy and won the day . 
 as a member of the british commonwealth , the dominion of new zealand has full standing with the crown . 
 by the authority granted as queen elizabeth 's representative , i hereby award the victoria cross to noel leffingwell for exemplary bravery in the face the enemy . '' 
 cantwell shook noel 's hand after he pinned the award on his jacket . 
 general rockwell stepped forward . 
 `` as a representative of the president of the united states i have certain authority in this situation . 
 with the current turmoil back in the united states , i am certain that the action i take here today will be fully authorized . 
 since we have lost our command structure , i will take it upon myself to honor a fallen comrade who has shown the highest standards in american armed conflict . 
 in total disregard to his own well-being , connor leffingwell held his position in the face of an overwhelming force . 
 in recognition of that sacrifice , while standing with america in the face of armed conflict , i have endorsed the recommendation that our nation 's highest honor , the medal of honor , be bestowed . '' 
 the general stepped forward and saluted the fallen soldier 's grave . 
 as he did , desmond and leslie stepped forward and placed great-grandfather 's victoria cross , new zealand cross and american bronze star on an easel beside the grave . 
 `` and for showing that age does not determine bravery , i bestow the silver star for bravery under fire that exceeds the high standard set by our mutual countries . '' 
 general rockwell walked over and pinned the silver star on noel . 
 `` attention , '' the sergeant yelled . 
 the honor guard raised their rifles and shot a salute to their fallen comrade in arms . 
 everyone saluted . 
 after the ceremony , the three leffingwell men gathered great-grandfather 's awards . 
 heading back to the truck , noel 's dad asked . 
 `` what are you going to do now , son ? '' 
 noel replied . 
 `` can i go home ? 
 i 'm tired . '' 
 chapter 26 cheyenne , wyoming the continuing good news from seattle reached the governor 's council . 
 the chinese had been totally defeated there and were now being moved into internment camps in montana . 
 the news buoyed the people tasked with governing the union of american states . 
 the governor 's council had been set up to administer the new country until a new constitution was completed . 
 until that time , each state and province that made up the uas would be represented by each head of state . 
 they in turn had set up commissions to help with the many tasks before them . 
 the group responsible for the armed forces had been working hard to bring the former united states forces back up to speed . 
 with more and more areas reaching stability , men and women were returning to their units , confident that their families were safe . 
 as the weeks went on , elements of the navy , air force , army and marines were reporting in . 
 while still not at full strength , by combining units , the armed forces were ready for action . 
 `` paul , i 've been asked to take a select group of governors back to virginia and assess whether we have the forces to move into the northeast , '' the idaho governor explained . 
 `` the states there have been decimated and the survivors are screaming for help . 
 the full governor 's council feels we are strong enough now . '' 
 `` governor , i also think it 's time , '' paul answered . 
 `` we have a substantial blocking force in place around california to contain the chinese . 
 once general gale has the pacific northwest buttoned down , i 'm sure he 'll move his forces into northern california . '' 
 `` well , we have n't received any reports of chinese troops north of red bluff . 
 they appear to be consolidating in the central and southern portions of california , '' the governor said . 
 `` but i do n't like the stories from the fleeing refugees . 
 the chinese are n't just shoving as many troops as they can into california . 
 they 're bringing over settlers by the thousands . '' 
 `` it 's not good . 
 too many people will be in the way when we finally act to take california back . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid the chinese are figuring that in their plan . 
 we wo n't have the determination to go all out if there are lots of civilians in the way , '' the governor said . 
 `` but , back to my trip . 
 i 'd like you to travel with me . '' 
 `` certainly , governor . 
 the convention has been postponed until your group returns . 
 i was just going to head home for a while . '' 
 `` speaking of that , could you call your brother and ask if he would do something for me ? '' 
 `` i 'll call him this morning , '' paul answered . 
 he did n't know if john would be interested in any more political assignments . 
 his brief session as science advisor to the idaho governor had gone well , but he seemed content to be at the bruneau ranch with julie keeping the family safe . 
 when paul finally placed the call , john jumped at the job . 
 paul was surprised by the sudden change of heart in his brother . 
 he only had to wait one day to find out the reason . 
 * * * meeting john at the train station in cheyenne , paul said . 
 `` boy , you almost jumped through the phone at my request to help the governor . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` well , after our little meeting with the pointkowski twins , julie seems to have suffered a complete change of attitude . 
 seems her brush with death has her turbocharged to be ready the next time , '' john said . 
 `` she laying down the law at home ? '' 
 `` you would n't believe it . 
 she has tyler going crazy . 
 he is giving her weapons training on handling the various firearms at the ranch . 
 she even has brittany and meredith out shooting . 
 she 's been on dad 's case about tightening security around the ranch . 
 even granddad is making himself scarce before he gets roped into the whole thing , '' john explained . 
 `` your phone call came like a godsend . '' 
 `` i suppose she was n't happy about you leaving then ? '' 
 `` oh no , but as i told her , when the governor calls , i ca n't say no , '' john said . 
 `` oh yeah , i 'm sure you got the dirty looks when you left . '' 
 `` this had better be important or i 'll be sleeping in the horse barn when i return . '' 
 john said . 
 `` i 'm not sure what the governor has planned for you , '' paul offered . 
 `` he 'll explain on the plane tomorrow . 
 the air force has started providing flights on official trips so it wo n't be on the train for three days . '' 
 the governor did n't exactly explain anything on the plane the next day . 
 he started to try but the noise from the four engine transport they had been assigned would n't allow idle conversation . 
 paul joined the others sitting in seats along the sides of the c-130 transport . 
 designed to carry troops and equipment into short unimproved airstrips , the c-130 was the workhorse of many of the world 's armed forces . 
 but it had n't been designed for comfort . 
 noisy , windy and cold , the idaho governor sat with the other five governors assigned to travel back east . 
 along with their staff , the noisy plane held about thirty quiet individuals . 
 everyone was glad to be flying , but the sooner it was over the better , pail thought . 
 `` sir , we land in about thirty minutes , '' the air force sergeant yelled . 
 paul sat next to the governor being addressed and he could barely hear . 
 the idaho governor acknowledged the information . 
 thirty more minutes would take them into richmond , virginia . 
 they were met at the airport by army staff cars to take them to their hotels . 
 the idaho party took one of the cars . 
 as the assigned driver moved out , the governor finally had time to explain to john his assignment . 
 `` john , thanks for volunteering . 
 i wanted you for this one since the same forces that you ran into as science advisor will be at work here . 
 this time though , the majority of governors will be behind you , '' the governor said . 
 `` i 'll do my best governor . 
 thank you for your confidence in me , '' john responded . 
 `` you may not thank me when i tell you what you 'll be doing . '' 
 the governor then proceeded to explain john 's task . 
 the full governor 's council had voted by a large majority to look into the financial records of the united states leading up to the 2008 collapse and the resultant `` federal bailout '' that was initiated in response . 
 they wanted to know where exactly the money went , who benefited by the government largess and where the money was now . 
 not an easy assignment , what with the chaos that ensued after p-day . 
 but by pure luck on the federal governments part , a hardened backup computer had been installed in a very secure facility outside richmond . 
 the whole operation had just been revealed to the governor 's council and they wanted as many answers as possible . 
 `` and john , at my insistence , you have been appointed chairman . 
 dig out the truth for us . 
 and if anyone hinders finding the truth , do n't hesitate to contact me . 
 you 'll have total support on this , i guarantee it , '' the governor said . 
 `` i understand that the playing cards with the fifty-two most wanted for treason have been very popular . 
 am i to figure that some of those people have been caught ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` we 're at twenty-six and counting . 
 they are locked up not far from here . 
 you 'll have full access to them . 
 see if you can get answers out of them . 
 with new york city in turmoil , a lot of the financial records are gone , '' the governor said . 
 paul jumped in . 
 `` governor , be sure to tell him that he 'll have investigative support . '' 
 `` yes , i almost forgot . 
 we 've found some former financial investigators to help you . 
 some were federal , some state and some private . 
 do n't fully trust any of them . 
 they could all be part of it and might attempt to cover their own involvement , '' the governor said . '' 
 but i 'm hoping you can trust one individual . 
 you 'll meet him tomorrow . 
 he 's a former prosecutor for the u.s. treasury department . 
 he quit four years ago in disgust at the whole cronyism between washington and new york . '' 
 `` well , since i know little to nothing about finance , i 'll be perfect for someone to lead where they want me to go , '' john said . 
 `` are you sure you have the right guy for this ? '' 
 `` yes , your credentials are heavy in research and mathematics . 
 just use your intuitive skills in wading through the smoke screens that are going to be thrown in your way . 
 there will be others on the commission with more advanced accounting skills , '' the governor said . 
 john looked at his brother with the look of ` what have you gotten me into ? ' 
 paul gave him a knowing smile in return . 
 paul knew his brother could handle this . 
 `` the last thing i want you to remember while you lead the ewing commission is that the old united states was looted purposely by american criminals . 
 the american people want their names . 
 and remember , treason is a capital offense . '' 
 the ewing commission , paul thought . 
 he had n't been expecting that . 
 john would definitely be on the hook now . 
 the ewing commission would not have the option of failure . 
 john would see to that . 
 paul was too busy to worry about his brother . 
 he and the governors were soon in meetings as the special committee established by the governor 's council determined if forces should enter the northeast part of the old united states . 
 while bringing order to this part of the country was important , there were additional concerns . 
 the biggest was the gold in the vault in the basement of the federal reserve bank in lower manhattan . 
 after fort knox in kentucky , the new york federal reserve was the second largest depository of gold in the united states . 
 the federal gold depository at fort knox had been secure after p-day . 
 being part of the group of states that had prepared for the calamity , the chaos had been minimal in kentucky . 
 but the gold in new york was another case entirely . 
 new york city had been consumed by violence as millions of people struggled and fought to survive . 
 many had fled the urban area , leaving gangs to pillage the city . 
 by last reports , the gold reserve was still intact . 
 six floors below street level sat the gold vault with twenty-foot-thick steel reinforced concrete walls . 
 billions in gold bullion sat as a huge prize . 
 after this amount of time , the thugs would have been working on retrieving the prize . 
 the governors were determined to beat them if possible . 
 the committee traveled to newport news , virginia to meet with the navy . 
 with some of their ships back on line , the idaho governor had an idea . 
 `` admiral , do you have a marine expeditionary force ready to go ? '' 
 the idaho governor asked . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 the u.s.s. iwo jima and three thousand marines are ready . 
 we have support ships along with two nuclear attack subs operational and already at sea . 
 they can be anywhere on the east coast within twelve hour notice , '' the admiral answered . 
 `` and i assume the helicopters and the av-8b 's weathered p-day ? '' 
 the admiral looked at him with a curious look . 
 `` you know our business . 
 yes , they are operational . 
 we do n't have gps , so the smart stuff does n't work , but the dumb bombs still explode and our pilots are still smart enough to fly where we tell them to . '' 
 `` thank you , admiral , and yes , i am navy myself . 
 xo on the virginia . 
 seems like ages ago now though . '' 
 the idaho governor referred to his stint in the navy aboard the aegis cruiser u.s.s. virginia . 
 the governor responded to the admiral 's quizzical look . 
 `` annapolis . 
 class of 1986 . '' 
 `` glad to have a veteran heading things up then , sir . '' 
 the admiral responded . 
 `` annapolis . 
 class of 1971 myself . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 i think the entire committee will agree with me on initiating this mission . 
 get the mef on standby for deployment . 
 their target is new york city , '' the governor said . 
 `` we 'll lay out the objective on board . '' 
 `` affirmative on that . 
 we 'll be ready to sail by 0600 tomorrow . 
 glad to have you aboard . '' 
 paul and the governor returned to richmond and joined the other governors . 
 they voted unanimously to begin operations . 
 the idaho governor was voted to oversee the operation while the rest of the committee met with local army commanders to discuss a full incursion north . 
 paul and the governor were back in newport news just in time to board the iwo jima as she raised anchor and made way into chesapeake bay . 
 five other ships sailed with them , including a cruiser , two destroyers and a frigate . 
 the nuclear subs had already left port and would set up a security cordon for the small battle group . 
 the admiral explained that no other nation had threatened the east coast but he wanted the extra protection afforded by the subs . 
 with the fighting on the west coast between the uas and chinese forces , he was concerned that china may try to station one of their nuclear attack subs in the atlantic . 
 when the admiral had finished explaining his force depositions , the idaho governor spoke up , `` admiral , we need to develop a plan to interdict lower manhattan . 
 we have no good intelligence on what hostile forces are in the area . '' 
 seated in the ship 's conference room was the marine general , his two subordinates , along with the admiral and his staff . 
 paul sat in the back against the wall . 
 he was a little out of his league , but was excited to see the operation . 
 he 'd been to new york city on a number of occasions in the past and was anxious to see the city now . 
 `` what 's our mission , governor ? '' 
 the marine general asked . 
 `` the gold in the federal reserve bank . 
 we are to secure it if it 's still there , open up the vault and carry it to the ships . 
 we will then return it to safety as determined by the governor 's council , '' the governor said . 
 `` whew . 
 this will keep my marines interested . 
 handling that much gold will perk things up . 
 i would n't expect much opposition that my boys ca n't handle , '' the general said . 
 `` no , i do n't think they 'll have any problems . 
 and if we do meet resistance , your av-8bs will resolve it quickly . '' 
 `` rules of engagement ? 
 any civilians still in the city we have to worry about ? '' 
 the general asked . 
 he commented that he had never fought on american soil before . 
 no one had , thought paul . '' 
 the governor 's council has issued only one order . 
 ` retrieve the new york gold ' . '' 
 beyond that general , the field is wide open , '' the governor said . 
 `` not like the old days then , sir . 
 my boys are tired of fighting with one hand tied behind their back and the other one holding a press release . '' 
 `` the old days are gone . 
 dead and gone , i 'm afraid for too many of our countrymen . '' 
 the meeting continued after an initial tactical assessment by the commanders . 
 the governor stood up and motioned to paul that they should leave the navy to plan things without their interference . 
 the two walked to their assigned staterooms adjacent to each other . 
 `` get some sleep paul . 
 it will be very hectic soon , '' the governor said as he closed his stateroom door . 
 paul climbed into his berth . 
 he lay with his eyes open , listening to the rumble of the ship heading north . 
 the task force would be off new york harbor in two days and he assumed the marines would go in then . 
 thoughts of amanda took over his mind as he wondered what she was doing right now . 
 she was still in cheyenne meeting with other convention delegates who had stayed behind as they worked out issues with the proposed constitution . 
 she had been sad to see him go , but excited about her new friendship with horst petrasek . 
 paul was n't so sure about her meeting with the texan , and lay awake imagining horst and amanda together . 
 the vibration of the ships engines slowly overcame the stress of personal affairs and he drifted off to sleep . 
 a loud clanging noise awoke him with a start . 
 still fully clothed from the night before , he jumped down onto the deck . 
 pulling his shoes on , he ran to the door into the companionway . 
 men were running by when the next door opened . 
 the idaho governor stepped out . 
 `` trouble i 'm afraid , '' he yelled over the clanging noise . 
 `` that 's general quarters , which means the task force has spotted a threat . '' 
 paul followed the ex-navy man up the ladder as they headed to the bridge . 
 a marine guard stopped them when they reached the companionway leading to the bridge . 
 under general quarters no unauthorized personnel would be allowed near the ships command center . 
 standing in front of the marine , paul felt frustrated not knowing what was happening . 
 finally the marine general came down from the bridge and rescued the two civilians . 
 `` i 'm heading to the com center . 
 follow me , '' he stated . 
 `` we 've picked up a sonar hit . 
 the pattern matches a chinese attack sub . 
 helios are out dipping right now trying to locate it . '' 
 they reached the com center and the marine guard stepped aside to let the three men enter . 
 paul stumbled on the raised threshold as he entered the darkened room . 
 radios were squawking with reports coming in from the helicopters hunting the suspected sub . 
 dipping sonar was being deployed at various locations that would triangulate the exact location of any underwater threat . 
 `` sir , we have her . 
 it conforms to our noise recognition records to a chinese class iv nuclear attack sub . 
 three thousand yards south-southeast , '' the petty officer manning the plot table announced . 
 `` take it out , '' the admiral ordered . 
 then he noticed the two civilians in the room . 
 `` any orders , governor ? '' 
 `` carry on , admiral . 
 these are your ships to protect . 
 no civilian interference . '' 
 the admiral returned to his duties as everyone waited for the depth charges to do their business . 
 the speaker from the sonar rumbled with explosions as the depth charges found their mark . 
 soon a clanking creaking sound was heard as the sonar picked up the sound of a chinese sub breaking up and sinking . 
 quiet returned to the room as everyone realized the sonar now emitted no sounds . 
 the threat was gone . 
 `` sorry to wake you gentlemen , but it does seem that our asian friends did have assets in the area . 
 we 'll keep an eye out for others , '' the admiral said . 
 `` good work , carry on , '' the governor said . 
 `` sir , our sea stallion on patrol to the east reports a ship bearing for new york city , '' the radioman said . 
 `` get a couple of jets out to investigate , '' the admiral ordered . 
 his staff picked up the ready phone and relayed his orders . 
 the ship soon rumbled as the ` jump jets ' rolled down the deck and lifted off . 
 `` maybe we should head up to the bridge . 
 you can see a bit more from up there . 
 my staff can handle things here , '' the admiral offered . 
 the bridge was expansive in its view compared to the enclosed command center . 
 paul put on his sunglasses to better view the action . 
 helicopters were returning from their sub hunt and setting down on the stern of the ship . 
 two more jets were being moved into position on the flight deck to be on ready status . 
 with the two other jets investigating the ship to the east , these two new jets were responsible for task force security . 
 paul looked at the other warships on either side of the marine carrier . 
 the iwo jima was a small carrier compared to the navy 's super carriers . 
 only able to operate harrier-type jump jets , this carrier did not have the catapults that other jets needed . 
 the harrier short takeoff and landing fighter had been developed by the british . 
 the marines had loved the idea and had adopted the jet . 
 the av-8b was an upgrade of the original harrier . 
 major changes had increased payload and range , making the av-8b one of the most versatile and effective war planes in history . 
 the argentineans had discovered what a formable plane the harrier was in the falkland war . 
 argentine war planes would line up to shoot down a harrier only to have the harrier pilot simply stop in midair and ` jump ' up out of the way . 
 the argentine jet would fly by to a harrier now on it 's tail . 
 with its vectoring jet nozzles , the harrier was the only war plane that could stop in midair . 
 it could also fly slowly backwards . 
 enemy fighter pilots soon discovered that the harrier could do things no other fighter could do , much to their disadvantage . 
 the pilots soon confirmed that a large freighter was heading north on a course that would take it into new york harbor . 
 the ship showed a liberian registry and had ` monrovia ' painted on its stern , indicating the liberian capital as its home port . 
 `` i do n't like this . 
 what would a freighter be doing heading into a new york city that for all intents and purposes is dead . 
 there 's no one left that would be shipping goods into such chaos , '' the admiral said . 
 `` get a marine recon team ready . 
 we 'll board her . '' 
 the staff again worked the phone and just as quickly two helicopters began warming up . 
 paul looked out the bridge window as twenty well-armed marines walked out of the ships island and boarded the helicopters . 
 `` we 'll know soon enough what their cargo is , '' the admiral said to the governor . 
 `` radio the pilots i want jet coverage for the helios . 
 tell them maximum effect . 
 i do n't want any misunderstanding who 's in charge here . 
 and if the ship offers any resistance to a boarding , the pilots are to respond in kind . '' 
 the bridge remained quiet as they all awaited news from the recon team . 
 it would take a while for the slower helicopters to reach the freighter . 
 paul noticed a frigate detach from the task force and turn to starboard . 
 it appeared to be on a heading to intercept the mystery ship . 
 finally , the radio crackled to life . 
 the helicopters reported the ship in sight . 
 the av-8b pilots called in that they had the choppers in sight and that they were turning to buzz the ship as the first sea stallion went in . 
 `` we have hostile forces visible , '' the radio squawked . 
 the bridge went tense and everyone waited for more information . 
 paul thought it took forever before another voice rang out . 
 `` marines on deck , '' the radio said . 
 `` we 've repelled onto the ship , '' the admiral offered . 
 `` i do n't know what the ` hostiles ' report was for . 
 we 'll have to wait . '' 
 paul watched out the bridge windows as the two waiting av-8b 's suddenly had activity around them . 
 the jet engines came to life and the flight deck crew worked to launch the aircraft . 
 the roar was deafening , even inside the bridge , as one plane after another roared down the deck . 
 an elevator dropped down and two more jet fighters were positioned for the ready . 
 soon the first two jets flew by , arriving from the east . 
 the foredeck was prepared for landing as the crew waved the jets aboard . 
 paul marveled as each jet slowly matched the big ships speed and then slid into position over the deck . 
 then like a helicopter , the jet fighter lowered itself down onto the deck . 
 both planes were quickly taken below for rearming and refueling . 
 the admiral raced by grabbing the two civilians as he went . 
 the three of them met up with the two pilots in the conference room . 
 `` report , commander , '' the admiral barked . 
 `` sir , we were lingering in the general vicinity when we spotted the helis approaching . 
 we closed with the freighter to make our presence felt , when multiple hostiles appeared on the upper deck with weapons . 
 they appeared to be getting ready to repel boarders . '' 
 `` and you showed them the folly of their ways commander ? '' 
 the admiral asked even though he knew the answer . 
 `` roger that , admiral . 
 i raked the deck with my 20 mm and that definitely removed all their enthusiasm . 
 marines were soon on deck by drop line and we confirmed their taking of the bridge . 
 our relief showed up and we headed for the barn . '' 
 `` good work . 
 go check on your planes . 
 we may have another sortie soon , '' the admiral ordered . 
 the three men followed the pilots out of the conference room and the admiral led them back to the com center . 
 `` admiral , major lewis on the net . '' 
 `` major lewis , everything secure ? '' 
 the admiral asked . 
 `` all secure here . 
 five dead hostiles . 
 marines fine , '' major lewis said . 
 `` but admiral , you might want to heli over here . 
 there 's somethings strange going on , sir . '' 
 `` roger that . 
 on my way . '' 
 the governor and paul fell in behind the admiral as he headed to the flight deck . 
 since the admiral did n't seem to bat an eye at his escorts , the two civilians continued their shadow . 
 reaching the helicopter , the three climbed aboard . 
 the already warm chopper lifted off the deck and swung out over the ocean . 
 paul felt his stomach lurch as they went airborne . 
 he struggled to hold everything down as they skimmed across the water . 
 he was n't sure if they would repel onto the freighter like the marines . 
 what am i doing here ? 
 he thought . 
 i 'm a college professor in economics ; not a warrior fighting pirates . 
 the chopper slowed and paul could see the freighter out the front windshield . 
 the pilot seemed to be landing in the water , a couple of hundred yards from it . 
 then he saw the mainmast of the frigate that had closed with the freighter . 
 they were landing on the fantail . 
 paul looked out the side window and saw a heaving ship below them . 
 the ocean swells were throwing the smallish frigate around and the very small flight deck on the frigate bounced beneath them , how would the pilot ever hit such a small target without tipping over the edge into the sea ? 
 paul wondered . 
 he watched in fascination as the helicopter lowered a line to a crew member on the deck , who then attached it to something in the middle of their landing spot . 
 a whirring sound broke his focus and he felt the helicopter being winched down onto the deck . 
 a large bump announced their arrival on the gray ship . 
 the door flew open and paul enjoyed the fresh sea breeze as his stomach settled some . 
 `` you look better , dr. kendall . 
 i thought we 'd have to get the bag for you , '' the admiral said . 
 paul smiled weakly in response . 
 `` we 'll take a zodiac from here . 
 did n't want to have to put you on the freighter by drop line . 
 just a warning though , the zodiac will be bouncy . '' 
 that was an understatement . 
 paul hung on as they raced across the open water toward the freighter . 
 marines stood ready on both ships for any new hostile action . 
 the fresh wind in his face kept his stomach settled somewhat . 
 he was glad when they reached the lowered ladder and he could climb up onto something steadier . 
 `` admiral , you brought the civilians . 
 it 's a little grisly on the upper deck , sir , '' major lewis offered . 
 the remains of the hostiles were spread in a messy red splotch across the deck . 
 they walked quickly past the remains as they headed for the bridge . 
 `` what did you want me to see , major ? '' 
 the admiral asked . 
 the major led them onto the bridge . 
 two marines stood guard over two crewmen , while two other marines stood at the ships controls . 
 the freighter was stopped in the water and the waves rocked the large ship . 
 paul felt the uneasy motion of a ship not underway . 
 major lewis grabbed one of the crew and took him into a small room off the bridge . 
 `` this is the captain . 
 we checked the ship 's papers and it 's supposed to be heading to cuba . 
 it supposedly has a load from chile . 
 he speaks english , '' the major began . 
 `` captain , tell me again why you 're off new york city . '' 
 there was no response . 
 paul looked at the smallish man in front of him . 
 he looked filipino and was decidedly scared . 
 the major asked again , and still no response . 
 `` guards , show our captain what will happen to him if he keeps the silent routine going , '' the major yelled . 
 the two large marines that had been watching the ships control came in the room and grabbed the captain . 
 as he went limp , the marines dragged him by the shoulders out onto the flying bridge that extended from the enclosed bridge . 
 projecting out over the ships side , the open flying bridge was designed for crew to supervise the ship 's docking . 
 the marines picked up the small man and threw him over the side , except they did n't let go . 
 the two men held him out over the water , close to one hundred feet below . 
 the ship 's captain howled in fear . 
 `` now , your voice seems to be working . 
 tell us what you were doing in these waters . '' 
 `` i die if i talk . 
 they will kill me ! '' 
 the ship 's captain shouted . 
 fear etched his face . 
 `` mister , i will kill you here and now . 
 so you do n't have to worry about the other guys , '' the major shouted . 
 `` i die anyway , '' the captain yelled back , but as he did , the major registered a faint glare from the other crew member crouched just inside the bridge . 
 the major looked at him watching the whole interrogation . 
 paul noticed the recognition by the major of the other man and turned his attention to him . 
 this man was more chinese looking and he appeared very confident as he sat on the deck . 
 `` get him out of here , '' the major told the two marines guarding this second man . 
 `` take him down into one of the staterooms below us . 
 but do n't let him talk to anyone else . '' 
 the marine guards scooped up the crew member and he disappeared . 
 the major turned back to the captain . 
 `` feel like talking now ? 
 fewer witnesses . 
 and as for being killed by anyone , the marines will guarantee your safety . '' 
 the major indicated to the two marines to place the captain back on solid deck . 
 `` but my family . 
 they will kill my family if i talk , '' the captain said . 
 `` and where is your family , captain ? 
 maybe we can do something about them , too ? '' 
 `` no , no . 
 they have them . 
 if i do n't do as they say , they will kill my family . '' 
 `` you 're not helping your family right now . 
 as of today , you and your ship are out of business , whatever that business was . 
 so your family is still at risk . 
 if you talk , maybe we can help them , '' the major continued . 
 there was a long silence , as paul could tell the captain seriously considered his and his family 's situation . 
 his ship was captured and the u.s. navy would n't let him sail off into the sunset . 
 his only chance was to come clean , and paul saw from his expression that the captain reached the same conclusion . 
 `` are all the crew members locked down ? '' 
 the captain asked . 
 `` tighter than a witches ... '' the major responded . 
 `` good . 
 many of those crew are not mine . 
 they put their own people on my ship to make sure i do what they want . '' 
 `` you point them out and we 'll remove them for permanent safe-keeping , '' the major offered . 
 `` and who is ` they ' you keep mentioning ? '' 
 the captain looked around to make sure no other ears were listening . 
 `` the chinese . '' 
 `` and why do the chinese want to take an empty freighter into a dead new york city ? 
 not much cargo to pick up there , '' the major joked . 
 but that was where the major was wrong . 
 paul knew instantly what the freighter 's mission was and what cargo it was picking up . 
 paul caught the attention of the governor and the admiral . 
 he motioned that they needed to go and talk . 
 and they needed to do it right now . 
 time was critical . 
 chapter 27 new york city johnny chang waited by the radio for a response . 
 none was forthcoming . 
 he had received a garbled transmission two hours ago and then the connection went dead . 
 he waited nervously for his radio operator to reestablish a link . 
 it was too dangerous to be sitting here waiting . 
 he wanted to go out and make the rounds and check on his soldiers ensconced in the burnt-out buildings surrounding wall street . 
 he wanted to check that no intruders were present . 
 when p-day hit , it was like the end of the world in new york city . 
 when people realized that all electronics were dead , panic set in . 
 the city had suffered through ` blackouts ' before , the longest being the great northeast blackout of 1988 . 
 that had taken down the entire northeast and left the area in darkness for close to a week . 
 but even with no electrical grid , people 's cars and portable radios still worked . 
 it was more of a party atmosphere as everyone made do until the lights came back on . 
 the population boom nine months later attested to the entertainment choices most were doing in the dark . 
 this time was different . 
 when all the electronics died , the darkness brought fear and violence . 
 america had changed significantly since the 1980s , and not for the better . 
 gangs quickly established themselves as they raided the stores for food . 
 gun battles ensued as rival gangs shot it out for territory in the dying city . 
 the citizens that could leave , quickly packed up anything that rolled and headed out of the city . 
 unfortunately for them , the more rural areas anticipated the crush of people and set up defensive positions to stem the tide . 
 with limited food for themselves , the northeast quickly turned into anarchy . 
 the death toll was staggering . 
 as new yorkers pressed north , people in connecticut fought to stop them . 
 as connecticut ran out of food , the flow headed further north into massachusetts and then vermont . 
 when the hoard finally hit northern new england , it ran into a well-organized resistance . 
 locals in the far north were well armed and fought hard for their survival . 
 the concept of america was gone . 
 even a concept of fellow new englanders was crushed in the melee . 
 now people thought of themselves in terms of their local towns . 
 tribal politics ruled supreme as each locale fought to stay alive . 
 upstate new york and western pennsylvania fought similar battles against the urban invaders . 
 everyone knew that with very limited food , rural areas could not absorb more mouths to feed . 
 the refugees would die of starvation , if not by depredation . 
 roving gangs worked over the crowds of desperate people until they too ran out of food . 
 soon quiet prevailed in the formally urban areas of the eastern united states . 
 the few remaining survivors had stayed out of the death zone and had enough stored resources to make it . 
 johnny chang was one of those resourceful thugs . 
 as a leader of a chinese gang before p-day , he was smart enough to pull his troops together and gather supplies as soon as the lights went out . 
 then he moved his forces down onto lower manhattan . 
 with water on three sides , he set up a defensive line across the island of manhattan . 
 anyone caught behind these lines was quickly eliminated , unless they were useful . 
 the last four months had been hard work , but he had accomplished the greatest score anyone in the world would ever see . 
 he just had to make good the escape to enjoy his booty . 
 he would be able to afford the finest in female companionship . 
 he just had to maintain his position and wait . 
 and waiting was what he was doing . 
 `` any word yet ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` none , johnny . 
 it 's like they disappeared out there . 
 they were due today , '' the radio man said . 
 `` keep trying . 
 i 'll go down to battery park and see if anything is happening . '' 
 the park at the end of manhattan was a quick three block walk from his headquarters . 
 he half jogged over to his guards that had binoculars out watching the harbor . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 johnny asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 let me check batman ? '' 
 his lieutenant said . 
 he picked up the field phone and cranked the lever . 
 he spoke into the receiver . 
 `` batman . 
 johnny 's here . 
 anything ? '' 
 `` all 's quiet , '' batman answered . 
 johnny looked up at the derelict high-rise on the water 's edge . 
 he had his troops string telephone wire up to the top floor and batman was one of the lookouts . 
 johnny turned to leave in frustration . 
 just then the phone rang and his guard picked it up . 
 then he handed it to johnny . 
 `` johnny , batman . 
 i just spotted a ship on the horizon . 
 it 's making for the verrazano bridge . '' 
 it had arrived . 
 soon his troubles would be over . 
 no more running this gang of nitwits and wondering where the next meal would come from . 
 that 's all they were concerned about . 
 basic animal desires . 
 and violence too . 
 he worked hard to keep rival cliques in the gang from tearing into each other , especially once the female opportunities dried up . 
 they had gotten more and more violent since then . 
 but that would be all over soon . 
 time to get things in gear , he thought . 
 he jogged back to headquarters to tell his other lieutenants to get ready . 
 things were about to get busy as four months of hard work was about to pay off . 
 jogging back to the park , he could see the freighter now . 
 it came up the harbor with its crew working the ship . 
 without any tugs to assist them , the freighter would have to dock on its own . 
 johnny jogged over to the west side where the first dock on the hudson river awaited their charge . 
 `` everything ready ? '' 
 johnny asked his dock lieutenant . 
 `` everything is in place . 
 the tide is good and there 's no wind . 
 should be a piece of cake , '' the dock operator answered . 
 johnny was n't sure where this chinese gang member learned the ways of docking a ship , but it did n't matter . 
 just get that ship tied up and the goods could flow . 
 the freighter slowly approached the dock and started its swing into position . 
 as the bow came close to the end of the dock , a small line cascaded down from the big ship . 
 the crew on the dock grabbed it and pulled . 
 a larger line soon appeared and ran down the side of the ship . 
 very slowly the ship inched forward into place . 
 a stern line soon appeared and another dock crew pulled that one down and threw it over the bollard . 
 with the bow and stern tied off , the freighter settled up against the dock . 
 the ship 's crew lowered the gangway down onto the dock . 
 johnny sprinted up the side of the ship and was met at the top by an asian man . 
 he spoke in chinese . 
 `` are you mr. chang ? '' 
 the man with a heavy mandarin accent asked . 
 johnny was taken back . 
 he knew some chinese from his parents speaking it at home , but he had n't bothered with it much since leaving home . 
 this was america and english worked fine . 
 the only time he spoke chinese now was to give orders in chinese to his gang so others would n't understand . 
 `` ah , yes . 
 are you mr. wong ? '' 
 johnny said in chinese . 
 his hesitations were noticeable to the other man . 
 the other man switched to english . 
 `` it appears you have been too long in america . 
 i can switch to english if that would make it easier ? '' 
 johnny was relieved , but he realized that where he was headed he would need to improve his chinese . 
 but hell , good-looking babes understood the language of money , he thought . 
 `` english is good , '' johnny said . 
 `` any trouble coming in ? 
 we picked up your radio , but then it went dead . '' 
 `` no trouble . 
 it 's just this piece of junk that they hired . 
 it 's amazing this ship made it across from panama . 
 you 'd think they 'd get a more reliable freighter considering what we 're picking up , '' the chinese man said . 
 johnny agreed . 
 he studied the man in front of him . 
 something was off about him . 
 johnny could n't put his finger on it , but this chinese man did n't quite set right with him . 
 johnny chalked it up to thug recognition . 
 he was very perceptive at recognizing fellow thugs , and this guy did n't come across as a thug . 
 oh well , maybe the chinese sent out one of their big mucky wonks , he thought . 
 considering the value of the cargo , that would make sense . 
 `` so , shall we go inspect our load ? '' 
 the man asked . 
 `` right away , sir , '' johnny answered . 
 he decided he 'd better improve his manners if this was ` mr. big ' . 
 the two of them walked down the gangway and onto the dock . 
 johnny headed east the few blocks to headquarters . 
 walking into the massive building , the chinese man stopped and looked up . 
 `` federal reserve bank of new york , '' he read aloud . 
 `` that has a nice ring . '' 
 inside , they walked by four well-armed guards and took the stairway down the six flights to the gold vault . 
 the small green corridor leading up to the vault door was in shambles . 
 debris lay everywhere . 
 johnny and the man walked by two more armed guards who snapped to attention like they 'd seen in the movies . 
 the chinese man smiled at the ineptness of the guards attempt at a military bearing . 
 but the man stopped smiling when he saw the hole that had been jackhammered through the vault wall . 
 a twenty-foot-long tunnel about four feet high had been chiseled into the concrete and steel . 
 the man stopped and just stared . 
 `` took us four months of jackhammers and cutting torches to get through this sucker . 
 had to scrounge up the compressor and a generator to get it done . 
 but take a look at this , '' johnny said and led the man into the vault . 
 the chinese man looked dumbstruck . 
 johnny smiled at the man 's shock at seeing billions of dollars in bullion staring him in the face . 
 `` check this out . 
 when i did a tour of this place before it went in the crapper , just this stack was worth $ 800 million . 
 just this one stack . 
 man , there must be forty or fifty stacks just like it in here , '' johnny said . 
 `` these doors all have a country listed on them . 
 what 's that ? '' 
 the chinese man asked . 
 `` well , they told me that each country had a separate holding vault in the main vault . 
 so if say germany had to pay france , they would call up the bank and they simply moved the german gold out of one vault and placed it in france 's vault . '' 
 `` amazing . 
 and now it 's all ours , '' the chinese man said . 
 `` you 're right there , mr. wong , '' johnny said . 
 `` well , i assume you have worked out the best way to move it to the ship ? '' 
 `` we 're ready . 
 it 's going to be a lot of hard work , but i think we 've got a system down . '' 
 johnny 's system involved a generator to run the elevator to take the gold up to street level . 
 then the gold would be moved by hand out the front door to two old trucks they had found that still ran . 
 the trucks would deposit the gold on the dock and the crane on the ship would hoist it aboard and lower it into the hold . 
 * * * three days of hard work completed the move . 
 mr. wong had pulled out some refreshments from the ship 's supplies that made the gang work harder . 
 they had grown tired of the same old diet and mr. wong knew how to put on a spread . 
 johnny had insisted that he place four of his men on the ship as guards . 
 mr. wong had made no protest . 
 johnny felt more at ease with the chinese man . 
 letting him protect his goods was critical to johnny , no matter what . 
 there was little honor or trust between thieves . 
 and this score was too big to trust to anyone . 
 in fact , on the third day , johnny asked for his stateroom on the ship . 
 he wanted to stay close to the gold . 
 at last mr. wong informed johnny that it was time to bring in his men so they could sail . 
 a collapsing perimeter was worked out , in that johnny 's thugs would move step by step to the freighter . 
 * * * `` ok , bring in the next four , '' mr. wong told johnny as four men climbed the gangway onto the ship . 
 they had been at it since early morning . 
 four men at a time would move toward the ship and the remaining men would move to new buildings closer to the dock . 
 `` this will take all day , wong . 
 ca n't we speed it up and get out of here ? '' 
 `` no , we need to maintain security around the dock or any rival gang that got wind of our operation will move in , '' mr. wong said . 
 johnny considered that and he had to agree . 
 word had leaked out that the federal reserve bank 's gold vault had been breached . 
 his territory had been probed repeatedly since . 
 it was only a matter of time before the other gangs in the area reached an alliance and attacked . 
 he could n't get out of new york city fast enough . 
 `` alright . 
 i 'll go down onto the dock myself and make sure we continue doing this right . 
 no funny business , though , while i 'm off the ship wong . 
 i go where the gold goes . '' 
 `` everything is safe . 
 you have more men on board than i do now . 
 the balance of power is in your hands . 
 let 's just finish up and get out of here , '' wong said . 
 johnny could n't agree more . 
 he sprinted down the gangway and pulled his two top lieutenants in to meet . 
 the perimeter was now confined to three blocks surrounding the ship . 
 the last movement would have to be strictly coordinated . 
 a noise behind him caught his attention . 
 turning he saw black smoke bellow from the freighters stack . 
 he began to panic , thinking the ship was leaving . 
 he looked up at the flying bridge and saw mr. wong standing there waving . 
 he motioned to johnny that the ship had to work up its engines and they would be ready to leave in thirty minutes . 
 good . 
 let 's go , johnny thought . 
 he checked with his team that the final plan was well understood . 
 the last two men would stay on the dock to release the lines to free the ship . 
 they were to then sprint to the gangway before the ship drifted down the harbor . 
 it was explained that if they missed the ship , they would be left behind . 
 soon the ship was ready . 
 mr. wong gave johnny the thumbs up to start the final moves . 
 johnny tapped his lieutenants on the shoulder and walked quickly to the gangway . 
 as he climbed the long stairs up to the main deck he was caught by four men sprinting . 
 johnny looked down and could see four more men running across the dock . 
 all held weapons of one sort . 
 as he reached the top of the gangway , the guard acknowledged his arrival . 
 the guard barked , `` four more to show to their staterooms . '' 
 a chinese man in sailor 's clothes came out from around the corner and bowed to the four men to follow him . 
 his job was to show the ` landlubbers ' the quickest way through the maze of corridors that made up the living quarters of the freighter . 
 johnny watched them walk down a covered companionway , turn and disappear . 
 he made a mental note to check on his men . 
 he had been so busy watching the gold loading from the bridge that he had overlooked his leadership duties . 
 a leader of a pack of thugs had to keep them under control - the ` alpha ' dog theory of life , he recalled from somewhere . 
 `` everything is ready . 
 the two hands to handle the lines are set . 
 pull everybody in , '' wong ordered . 
 johnny stood on the flying bridge and signaled . 
 soon the final twelve men sprinted for the ship . 
 two broke off to tend the lines . 
 when the other ten were near the main deck , the dock hands pulled the lines free and instantly sprinted for the ship . 
 the freighter slowly began drifting away from the dock downstream . 
 jumping the small gap , the last two gang members grabbed the gangway 's hand rail and ran up the steps . 
 mr. wong signaled the engine room for reverse engines and the ship inched out into the hudson river . 
 johnny relaxed . 
 he had done it . 
 he had made the biggest heist in world history . 
 the freighter soon passed under the verrazano bridge and met the rolling swells of the atlantic ocean . 
 johnny had never been on the ocean before , and today was n't a good day to start . 
 as the big ship cleared land , the swells grew and the ship took on a decidedly uneasy rocking . 
 `` you do n't look to good . 
 first time at sea ? '' 
 mr. wong asked . 
 `` yeah , but i 'm fine . '' 
 johnny retorted . 
 but he was n't fine . 
 his stomach quickly revolted at the motion the ship was experiencing . 
 johnny decided he 'd better save face . 
 he did n't want to lose it in front of wong . 
 `` but the last three days have just about killed me . 
 maybe i 'll go catch some sleep . '' 
 `` good idea , '' mr. wong said . 
 johnny thought he saw a smile form on wong 's face as he headed off the bridge . 
 even the helmsman seemed to have a subtle grin showing . 
 what was that all about ? 
 he thought . 
 sailors making fun of landlubbers . 
 sleep washed over him in his stateroom as soon as he lay down . 
 the strain of pulling off the gold heist coupled with the motion sickness knocked him flat . 
 chapter 28 off the coast of new jersey johnny chang woke with a start . 
 he looked around the stateroom and was momentarily confused as to where he was . 
 then he remembered . 
 safely out to sea with maybe a trillion dollars in gold underneath him . 
 life was good . 
 he had his gang on board . 
 over four hundred ruthless well-armed thugs , and they answered to him . 
 he was n't sure how many sailors wong had , but he doubted that he even had a hundred men to operate his ship . 
 yes , life was looking up . 
 he could commandeer the ship anytime he wanted . 
 the hell with china and its dreams of a socialist workers paradise . 
 johnny looked out for his number one worker . 
 him . 
 there was no socialism in his gang . 
 totalitarianism was the name of the game . 
 and he was the ` alpha dog ' . 
 he stood up on the deck and stretched . 
 he felt like a new man . 
 the sea sickness he had experienced earlier seemed to be gone . 
 johnny noticed curtains on the side of the stateroom and he pulled them back revealing a porthole . 
 johnny looked out at what he thought would be an open sea . 
 his heart froze at what he saw . 
 running right beside the freighter was the biggest aircraft carrier he had ever seen . 
 and if that did n't make him freeze , the cruiser following behind the carrier did . 
 he turned and looked forward . 
 he could see the stern of a destroyer with a helicopter landing on its small flight deck . 
 what the hell ? 
 he wondered . 
 johnny threw the door open and raced up the stairs headed for the bridge . 
 mr. wong better have a good explanation as to why the u.s. navy was shadowing the ship , he thought . 
 as he came through the doorway onto the bridge , four large strong arms grabbed him . 
 he fought to free himself , but before he knew it , he was on the deck and handcuffs were ratcheted onto his wrists . 
 he was searched and his hand gun was removed from the holster in the small of his back . 
 he looked up as two large marines pulled him to his feet . 
 he was flabbergasted . 
 he squirmed to get free as mr. wong entered from the flying bridge . 
 `` wong , what the ` f ' is happening ? '' 
 johnny screamed . 
 suddenly three more men walked in from outside . 
 two civilians and one in uniform . 
 `` mr. chang , let me play host here , '' the uniform said . 
 `` i 'm major lewis , u.s. marines at your service . 
 my companions here are the governor of idaho and his assistant , dr. paul kendall . '' 
 `` what are you doing on my ship ? '' 
 johnny asked . 
 `` this is international waters and we 're on a foreign flagged ship . 
 mr. wong , tell him . '' 
 `` ah , yes . 
 mr. wong , '' major lewis said . 
 `` well , let me introduce you to david chin , ensign , united states navy . '' 
 johnny slumped down as the two marines fought to keep him standing . 
 johnny suddenly remembered and perked up a bit . 
 `` my men . 
 they 'll fight for what we have . '' 
 `` yes , i 'm sure they would . 
 but that 's why each time four of your so-called men came aboard , eight very capable marines met them down below and relieved them of their weapons and their freedom . '' 
 major lewis smiled . 
 `` your nefarious criminals are all safely locked up in the ships empty hold . 
 and that 's where you will soon be . '' 
 `` the chinese government will protest this pirate act . '' 
 johnny stretched for power in a losing situation . 
 `` yes , just like they 'll protest our sinking of their submarine a couple of days ago , but do n't put too much stock in your chinese friends helping you out . 
 they have their hands full out west , '' major lewis said . 
 `` and trying to steal the united states gold reserves as well as gold from other governments stored in new york wo n't make china popular . 
 mr. chang , i 'd be more focused on the treason charges that will be forthcoming . '' 
 `` treason , for what ? 
 i was just taking something that everyone had abandoned , '' johnny offered . 
 `` stealing the gold reserves of a country and turning it over to a belligerent country is the textbook definition of treason , '' lewis answered . 
 `` i want a lawyer , '' johnny demanded . 
 `` son , those days are over . 
 at present we are under martial law . 
 you will be facing a military tribunal and justice will be swift , i can assure you . '' 
 the marines took johnny away . 
 he was placed in the hold with his gang . 
 johnny never knew what hit him when his men reached him . 
 their justice was even swifter as they beat him to death . 
 they were n't afraid of the ` alpha dog ' now that they were all caught in the trap . 
 johnny was buried at sea in a canvas sack with some chain for company so he would n't rise again . 
 no one said any kind words as he was dumped over the side . 
 * * * news of the success in new york reached cheyenne . 
 the governor 's council met immediately to decide on the disposition of the gold bullion . 
 it was decided to transport the gold to warren air force base just outside cheyenne . 
 located three miles west of wyoming 's state capital , warren afb was the home of the us 70th air force . 
 in fact , it was the only us air force base without a runway . 
 what warren afb did have was missile silos . 
 the 90th missile wing was comprised of minuteman iii icbm nuclear-tipped missiles that waited patiently in their underground silos for the command to fire . 
 the gold would be placed in one of the silos that had been made available from three icbm 's that had been removed . 
 the missiles were being readied for other duty . 
 the former new york gold would find a new secure depository . 
 an armored train would be sent to newport news to retrieve the gold . 
 a marine unit would ride along for security . 
 news was sent by shortwave to the task force so that everything would be ready upon reaching port . 
 paul was up early as the freighter surrounded by warships entered newport news . 
 sitting on the dock was the armored train waiting for its cargo . 
 marines guarded the dock and paul assumed that the base was locked down until the train was loaded . 
 `` admiral , it has been a pleasure , '' the governor said . 
 `` no , it was all mine . 
 i just wish i could have been there to see the expression on that punks face , '' the admiral said . 
 `` if you ever need something , do n't hesitate to call the navy . '' 
 `` i 'll remember that . 
 makes me think i should have done my full hitch , '' the governor reminisced . 
 paul and the governor walked down the gangway onto the dock as the cranes busily began unloading the gold . 
 marines began transferring the bullion into the freight cars . 
 the two men supervised the exchange as the day went on . 
 the transfer went on through the night , as marines were rotated to relieve the tired day crew . 
 paul found a bunk in the harbormaster 's office nearby to catch some sleep . 
 he and the governor worked out a schedule so one of them was awake to supervise . 
 by noon of the second day the last gold bars were loaded . 
 the train doors were locked and sealed . 
 paul walked over to wake the governor , but was almost run over by twelve military trucks suddenly appearing on the dock . 
 the marines stood ready at the intrusion . 
 the navy base commander jumped out of the lead truck and looked at paul . 
 `` where 's the governor ? 
 i have new orders , '' the commander asked . 
 just then the governor appeared . 
 he had been rousted out of bed by the commotion of the truck convoy rattling onto the dock . 
 `` what 's going on here ? '' 
 `` new orders . 
 i just received them from cheyenne , '' the naval base commander inserted . 
 `` that 's right , i 'm in charge now . 
 general john tower at your service . '' 
 the idaho governor looked at the base commander . 
 `` may i see those ? 
 it says here that the army will escort the train . 
 not the marines , as planned . 
 why the change in plans , general ? '' 
 `` nobody told me anything but to get these men down here and get this train moving . 
 and that 's what i aim to do . 
 so if you 'll excuse me , i have men to deploy , '' the general said . 
 paul walked over to where the army troops had lined up outside their trucks . 
 he casually strolled behind the men standing at attention and listened as they chatted among themselves . 
 none were paying that much attention to the civilian . 
 orders were barked out and the junior officers moved the men out toward the gold train . 
 climbing aboard , the general signaled that they were ready . 
 the engines started slowly to move off the dock as the troops in the armored cars shoved their weapons out the slits . 
 the base commander dismissed the marines and acknowledged the governor as he left in his staff car . 
 another car had been provided to take paul and the governor to the airport to return them to richmond where they still had their committee work to finish . 
 the governor and paul were the only passengers on the c-130 air force plane as it lifted off the runway . 
 the noise again was deafening . 
 paul walked up towards the sergeant that was the only crewman onboard in the cargo area . 
 he yelled at the man and soon had two headsets . 
 walking back to the governor , he motioned to him to put them on . 
 they each plugged their headsets into the planes communication line . 
 suddenly paul could talk normally . 
 `` sir , something is wrong . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 the governor asked . 
 `` when i walked among those army troops , something stood out . 
 their shoulder patches indicated that they were n't army troops at all . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 the governor exclaimed . 
 `` no , sir . 
 their patches were for the texas nation guard , '' paul answered . 
 `` and i overheard them complain that they had been flown in that morning from dallas without any notice . 
 they were griping because they had n't even been able to call their wives . '' 
 `` we need to check this out . 
 i understood the marines were going to escort the train to wyoming . '' 
 `` that 's the other thing , sir . 
 i heard them complain that it would be two days before they would be back in dallas , '' paul said . 
 `` we were told by cheyenne to expect a three day trip to wyoming . '' 
 the governor looked at paul in confusion . 
 paul continued . 
 `` with illinois unsafe for rail traffic , the southern route was the only one open . 
 that route takes you down through south carolina and then across alabama . 
 in mississippi we were to turn north into arkansas , missouri , kansas , nebraska and finally wyoming . 
 a two day trip would take you to texas , not wyoming . '' 
 `` we need to get to cheyenne right now , '' the governor exclaimed he reached down on the switch and turned the dial to talk to the pilots . 
 he asked them their fuel status and received news that they had full tanks . 
 a quick discussion ensued about a change in the flight plan to wyoming . 
 `` but sir , our orders are to take you both to richmond , '' the pilot complained . 
 `` and then wait on us as we finish our meeting there . 
 well , we 're finished and now you can take us to cheyenne , '' the governor said . 
 the pilot continued to hesitate at the request . 
 losing his patience the governor finally switched tactics . 
 `` captain , as a member of the governor 's council , i am authorized to command the armed forces of the union of american states . 
 you are under the orders of such legal government . 
 you now have a direct order to fly this plane to cheyenne , '' the governor said . 
 his ex-navy officer forbearance seemed to win the argument . 
 the pilot acknowledged the order and cheyenne was now their destination . 
 paul nudged the governor and moved his comm switch so only the governor could hear . 
 `` sir , we may need those other governors . 
 have them radio ahead and have them meet us . 
 it will only delay our arrival in cheyenne a short time . '' 
 the governor agreed and again , turning the comm switch , changed his orders once again . 
 all the governors needed to be in cheyenne . 
 after picking up the additional surprised passengers , paul left the headset on but unplugged the wire . 
 the quiet was an improvement and he quickly fell asleep . 
 if what he thought was happening was confirmed in cheyenne , he would need all his energy . 
 * * * the governor of montana waited for the plane as it landed . 
 standing beside him was amanda . 
 the prairie wind buffeted the plane as it taxied up to the hanger . 
 paul could see amanda 's coat flapping in the strong breeze . 
 it was still early summer , but the cold wind off the mountains hit paul as the crewman opened the cargo plane 's door . 
 the governors gathered around , pulling on their coats to block the wind . 
 the idaho governor divided up the group into people he could trust and people from states that might be questionable . 
 they loaded up into the waiting suburbans . 
 when the known supporters were settled in their seats , the montana governor began . 
 `` we got your message . 
 we 've gathered our supporters and they 're waiting for you . 
 i 'm afraid it 's not good . 
 amanda can fill you in . '' 
 amanda sat in front with the driver and left the six men sitting together in the second and third row . 
 she turned around and leaned between the seats . 
 `` when word reached the convention about the new york gold being rescued , it was like a gun going off . 
 our old friend , horst , quickly gathered up his minions and along with oklahoma and louisiana , walked out of the convention , '' amanda said . 
 `` i thought we were all agreed upon a new constitution . 
 you were supposed to put the final touches on it while we dealt with the east coast , '' paul said . 
 `` i was finalizing everything when the texas governor excused himself . 
 the next thing i knew the convention hall was a madhouse . 
 our supporters in one corner . 
 the texas supporters that had n't walked out , in another . 
 the neutral states were in a third corner . 
 no one knew what was going on , '' amanda said . 
 `` but it soon became evident when the governors of the three states that had walked out had left by plane to parts unknown . 
 we surmised they were heading home , '' the montana governor said . 
 when the group reached the home of a local supporter , the remainder of the states and provinces that had originally supported the idaho plan were finally gathered . 
 the governors and their staff were ready for some answers . 
 first , paul confirmed that the original orders for the gold train had been to deliver its contents to warren afb . 
 the governors all nodded in agreement that they had voted unanimously to store the gold in wyoming . 
 next he asked if the governors had designated the army to escort the train west . 
 a uniform shaking of the heads indicated that no such order had been given . 
 details of the gold transfer had been directed to the armed forces committee . 
 everyone had assumed the marines would escort the train since they had done such a superb job capturing it . 
 paul informed them on what he had overheard on the dock . 
 `` this is incredible . 
 you 're telling me that texas is going to commandeer that gold . 
 that 's preposterous . 
 they would n't dare , '' the utah governor yelled . 
 `` i 'm afraid that 's exactly what they intend to do , '' the north dakota governor offered . 
 `` then what are we willing to do about it ? 
 are we ready to tear our future relationship apart with the other states ? '' 
 the virginia governor asked . 
 `` and if we decide to claim the gold , how do we physically do that ? 
 as i understand , the train will be in the south the whole time . 
 they have been generally neutral in the power fight between us and texas . '' 
 the group broke down into small discussions on what to do and how to do it . 
 finally the montana governor called for quiet . 
 `` i understand dr. kendall has a plan . '' 
 paul looked stunned . 
 this was news to him . 
 he stood up to a very quiet room . 
 everyone stared at him , waiting for an answer . 
 paul was about to admit that nothing could be further from the truth and he had n't come up with anything . 
 `` i believe what the governor is referring to is an idea dr. kendall had that he obviously is reluctant to share . 
 it is very risky , '' amanda said as she jumped in to rescue him . 
 he was glad to hear there was a plan , risky or not . 
 he waited to find out what he had thought up . 
 chapter 29 outside jackson , mississippi general ed gale waited by the switch yard just outside jackson , mississippi . 
 it had been a busy twenty-four hours . 
 first the phone call to gather as many of his special ops personnel as he could and get them to jackson airport . 
 luckily , the seattle operation was complete and his units were cleaning up the surrounding area of criminal gangs . 
 a small column had been dispatched to bring order to bellingham and on up into british columbia . 
 there had been no chinese troops left north of seattle , so subduing the local thugs was relatively easy . 
 again the gang members attempted to shrink into the countryside when real troops arrived . 
 they would be hunted down . 
 unfortunately there were only scattered pockets of civilians still alive . 
 but for ed gale , former navy seal and former admiral in charge of special ops , the change of pace was unexpected . 
 he had already assembled experienced special ops personnel into a reaction team . 
 having them on a plane heading east was an easy task . 
 not knowing their mission had been the hard part . 
 he had to wait until the two c-130 's carrying him and his men touched down in cheyenne to find out . 
 he had been surprised when the idaho governor and paul walked out of the hanger . 
 after refueling , they were all airborne again . 
 once again on headphones , the governor had explained the mission to ed and his unit commanders . 
 he had retrieved a signed order by the participating states giving him authority to carry out his mission . 
 ed had quickly grasped that the union of american states was in turmoil . 
 the planes had flown with radio silence , keeping the armed services committee , which was the governor 's council official chain of command , in the dark . 
 this was an ` unofficial ' official mission . 
 ed and his men would have to work on the edge of legality . 
 when the idaho governor finally answered ed 's inquiry as to the cargo that they would be responsible for , there was a moment of stunned silence . 
 `` you mean texas is trying to steal the federal reserve 's gold assets ? 
 man , i can see why this is hush-hush , '' ed had said . 
 now sitting next to the tracks waiting for the armored train to arrive , ed knew what this would mean to the new country . 
 if texas succeeded in moving the gold to dallas , the rest of the states would be beholden to texas . 
 any new money supply would have to be backed by gold . 
 after the fraud that washington had perpetrated on the country had turned the american dollar into worthless junk , any replacement currency would only get legitimacy by being exchangeable in gold . 
 like history had shown repeatedly , a monetary system based on a paper currency always collapsed . 
 only a gold-backed currency survived . 
 along with the gold deposited in kentucky , the new york gold was the other gold reserve the new nation could rely upon . 
 the coup being attempted by texas could upset all the plans of a united nation . 
 the armored train was scheduled to stop in the rail yards of jackson for refueling . 
 ed surmised that the troops guarding the train would be fed at the same time . 
 that would be his opening . 
 otherwise , he had a crew down the line ready to blow the track to keep the train from crossing into louisiana . 
 whatever it took , he would keep the gold from reaching texas . 
 `` train approaching , '' his first spotter radioed . 
 this lookout was on the edge of jackson where the track emerged from the city . 
 it was time to see if they had obtained tactical surprise . 
 if they had to blow the tracks , ed had commandeered another engine to attach to the rear of the train to pull it back into the yard . 
 the track toward arkansas led north out of jackson ; to the west lay texas . 
 `` roger that . 
 stand by , '' ed offered . 
 he knew his team and they were good . 
 he just needed an opening . 
 trains were easy targets , even armored ones . 
 they had to stay on a track , so they could n't move unexpectedly . 
 the engine came into view as it slowly worked its way through the yard . 
 he had a two-man team at each railroad position to make sure no local personnel tipped off the train . 
 the locomotive slowed further until it was adjacent to the fuel tower . 
 the engineer cracked his window to check on the fueling crew . 
 `` you guys got those eats for us ? '' 
 the engineer asked . 
 `` coming right up . 
 how 's it going in there ? '' 
 the fuel crew member asked . 
 `` the army is pushing us hard and it 's a little tight on the food , too . '' 
 a new head stuck out the tight space and yelled . 
 `` just fill up the damn train . 
 we need to get across the mississippi river right now . '' 
 paul recognized general tower 's voice . 
 he nodded to general gale that the national guard commander was in the cab with the engineers . 
 `` best place to be . 
 that 's where i 'd be . 
 if the cab gets captured , the rest of the train is just a sitting duck , '' ed whispered back to paul . 
 soon two figures in train crew garb walked over carrying a box . 
 the engineer looked down longingly at the food in anticipation of finally eating . 
 a white towel covered the box as it was carried up to the train . 
 the two men climbed up the ladder and walked along the railing to where the cab door had been reinforced by a steel plate . 
 the crew member banged on the side of the heavy steel door . 
 an eye slit snapped open . 
 `` put the box down and back away , '' the voice ordered . 
 the crew member hesitated . 
 the voice spoke again , but with more authority now . 
 finally a rifle barrel was thrust out of the protective slit . 
 `` i wo n't say it again . 
 put it down and back away , '' the voice bellowed . 
 the crew member placed the food box down on the engine and backed away , keeping his eyes on the slit . 
 climbing down onto the ground , he continued to back away . 
 finally the door opened and a figure in uniform grabbed the box . 
 the door clanked shut . 
 the two crew members disappeared into the dark . 
 `` sorry sir , they did n't offer an opening to take them , '' one of the crew members said . 
 he pulled out the beretta that had been hidden under his striped shirt . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 we had to try . 
 that was plan a . 
 we 'll see how plan b works , '' ed said . 
 the fueling completed , the train engineer leaned out of the slotted window while eating a sandwich . 
 the fuel crew waved him out of the yard and walked off into the dark . 
 ed could see a figure behind the engineer motioning and heard yelling to get the train moving . 
 the locomotive 's engines started to wind up and the strain on the cars behind it creaked as the pull took the slack out of the couplers . 
 then suddenly there was a small explosion behind the rear engine . 
 the two locomotives suddenly zoomed ahead . 
 lacking the rail cars that were no longer attached , the powerful locomotives accelerated down the track . 
 ed heard the engineer shutting down the throttle as he realized he had just left his train in the yard behind him . 
 the locomotives stopped a few hundred yards down the track . 
 ed heard the engines wind up as the engineer hit reverse . 
 but he did n't get far . 
 just then a charge went off on the tracks , tearing a hole in the rail . 
 the reversed engine ran onto the missing spot and quickly derailed , grinding to a halt . 
 by now , the troops in the armored rail cars were shooting wildly . 
 bullets zipped everywhere . 
 in the dark , the troops inside the cars could not see ed 's troops sneaking up to the side of each car . 
 a shaped charge was attached to the metal skin and then the men quickly exited the area . 
 ed picked up his bullhorn . 
 `` cease fire , '' he yelled through the loud speaker . 
 after the firing stopped , he continued . 
 `` by the order of the governor 's council of the union of american states i order you to drop your weapons and come out with your hands up . 
 no harm will come to you . '' 
 `` shove it . 
 we do n't take our orders from those pussies , '' came the voice in the first armored car . 
 the firing started up again . 
 `` well , we do n't have a lot of time to mess around here . 
 we are in less-than-friendly territory , '' ed said to the governor . 
 `` then do your duty . 
 this gold can not fall into the wrong hands , '' he responded . 
 ed picked up the radio . 
 `` blow it , '' he ordered . 
 four quick explosions rocked the train yard . 
 screams from inside the armored cars reached outside , as hot molten metal sprayed throughout the inside of each car . 
 teams rushed up to each door and placed a small charge on the lock . 
 four small explosions followed the larger ones as the doors were forced open . 
 `` bring up the locomotives . 
 let 's get the hell out of here , '' he ordered into the radio . 
 two new locomotives banged into the rear of the train . 
 coupling up the rail cars , ed and paul climbed up into the cab with a team of navy seals . 
 ed looked back down the line and made sure all his units were climbing aboard . 
 `` let 's go , '' he said to the engineer . 
 switches were thrown and the gold train soon rolled out of jackson yard heading north . 
 slowly the short train made its way , picking up special ops personnel along the way . 
 the engineer pulled on the throttle and the train gained speed . 
 `` we need clearance for the line through to the bridge crossing , '' the engineer said . 
 `` already happening . 
 i have a team in operations clearing things as we speak . 
 they 'll take the c-130 ahead to little rock and get things straightened out there . 
 kansas and nebraska already are set , '' ed said . 
 separate units had been dropped by different planes where they were needed to control the rail line through to cheyenne . 
 but ed was concerned . 
 if the texas national guard was in on the coup attempt , what other units were involved ? 
 he hoped that the governors back home were getting their armed services committee back in line . 
 one good airstrike and the train would be dead in the water . 
 the train sped north and soon reached the crossing over the mississippi river . 
 slowing , the engineer eased the train out on the bridge . 
 ed looked to see if any threats were lingering nearby . 
 dropping the train into the river would be one way to stop the gold . 
 but nothing happened as the train was cleared for its run further north toward kansas . 
 ed would be glad to get out of the old south . 
 too many old allegiances between the confederate states to deal with . 
 as they were approaching little rock , ed told the engineer to slow down and stop at the small siding up ahead . 
 ed looked down the line , and sitting there on the siding was a gondola . 
 uniformed men were milling around inside the railcar . 
 they saluted ed as the locomotive passed by slowly . 
 the engineer stopped the train , then reversed the engines and backed up onto the siding . 
 a jerking motion in the cab indicated that the gondola was now attached to the train . 
 the gold train resumed it northward journey . 
 `` that should liven up any uninvited guests , '' ed said . 
 `` if the governors have n't gotten through to all the air units to stay away from this train , the boys with the stingers will . '' 
 `` we 're going to shoot down our own planes ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` if it comes to that , '' ed retorted . 
 paul began scanning the skies . 
 he was n't sure that being on an eighty-mile-per-hour moving target was a good thing . 
 ed listened to the radio for any warning from his team . 
 `` admiral ed gale , this is vmf 14 . 
 we are your top cover . '' 
 the radio suddenly squawked to life . 
 `` roger that vmf 14 . 
 good to hear you 're aboard , but it 's general gale these days , of the idaho national guard . 
 you 're a long way from water , '' ed said . 
 he knew that all the marine air bases were close to the ocean . 
 being tied to the navy , marine pilots did n't venture inland very often . 
 `` well , word is , admiral , that the council has reinstated your navy rank . 
 and about time too , sir . 
 enough of those dog faces . 
 we flew together in desert storm . 
 glad to be serving with you again , '' the pilot said . 
 ed notified the troops that friendly air assets were in the area and to act accordingly , but he cautioned them to maintain vigilance just in case . 
 he was n't sure who to trust these days . 
 that this pilot had said they 'd served together helped ease some of his concerns . 
 `` bogies , two o’clock , low , '' the pilot radioed to his flight . 
 `` we have helicopters approaching , sir . 
 i 'll leave a top cover and send two to investigate . '' 
 ed listened on the net as the two scout jets contacted the unknown helicopters approaching the train . 
 the radio soon reported the threat was retreating . 
 a burst of 20 mm cannon fire had convinced them to leave the area . 
 things were quiet as the train progressed into kansas . 
 the marine pilot announced that they had to return to base for refueling . 
 the air force was now on the job , flying cover . 
 the remaining trip to wyoming would be protected by the air force until the train reached warren air base . 
 finally arriving safely at warren air force base , ed and paul surveyed the train . 
 the journey had been marred by the stack of dead national guard troops . 
 the special ops . 
 troops had gathered up the bodies and stacked them out of the way . 
 ed looked in the car and shook his head . 
 such a waste . 
 he would make sure that those responsible would pay . 
 paul glanced in and quickly turned away . 
 ed took his friend by the shoulders and led him away . 
 `` we need to get to cheyenne and get this country finalized , before we tear ourselfs apart , '' ed said . 
 chapter 30 cheyenne , wyoming `` will the delegates please take their seats , '' the missouri governor said as he called the convention to order . 
 `` but i protest once again . 
 we do not have all our members here . 
 we must wait , '' the wisconsin governor demanded . 
 `` my honorable governor . 
 this convention is in session . 
 that some members are choosing to boycott these proceedings is not relevant , '' the missouri governor continued . 
 two days had been spent in informal talks trying to reach agreement on how to proceed . 
 `` the states and provinces that are present will determine their own future . 
 let those absent determine theirs . '' 
 the crowd murmured , mostly in approval of the chair . 
 even the states that had been relatively neutral were coming around . 
 word of the texas action had spread and the fence-sitters saw that action for what it was , a raw grab for power . 
 in the past , the new york crowd had used their gold holdings to wheel their city into a financial leader . 
 having dallas try the same thing at the expense of the other states had n't squared well . 
 `` sir , i ask to be recognized . '' 
 a voice rang up from the crowd . 
 everyone stopped and looked . 
 `` sir , i have been asked by the great state of louisiana to sit in these proceedings as an observer . '' 
 `` sir , your delegation walked out of these proceedings . 
 until your governor chooses to attend these meetings as the head of the louisiana delegation , we will not be having any ` observers ' . '' 
 the chair admonished the speaker , adding emphasis on ` observers ' . 
 `` master-at-arms , show this gentlemen the door . 
 and see that he does n't enter the building again . '' 
 `` well , there will be repercussions for this , i can assure you , '' the louisiana ` observer ' threatened . 
 `` sir , i want you to know that as the governor of missouri , i will be issuing an order closing the mississippi river south of cape girardeau to all river traffic . 
 we 'll see how the great state of louisiana survives with all barge traffic using the tennessee tombigbee waterway . '' 
 the ` observer ' scowled at the threat . 
 the waterway could handle all the barge traffic from the midwest as it had done during the drought of 1988 . 
 new orleans had suffered from the lack of trade during that time . 
 `` i 'll add to that promise , '' the mississippi governor added . 
 `` i will be issuing an order closing the mississippi below vicksburg . 
 and an order to the mississippi national guard to sink any vessel that tries to run the blockade . 
 we 've done it before , boys . '' 
 the reference to the great battle of vicksburg during the civil war stirred the delegates . 
 that mississippi broke with its previous position supporting the louisiana plan rattled the crowd . 
 texas had overplayed its hand and now paid the price . 
 arkansas soon joined the other states in closing the mississippi . 
 alabama jumped on board with visions of demopolis , alabama becoming the new orleans of the new country . 
 the louisiana ` observer ' turned and was escorted from the hall . 
 the delegates buzzed at this turn of affairs . 
 a gavel cracked the air as the chairman called for quiet . 
 the noise subsided as each of the delegates awaited the coming action . 
 `` i have been asked for a moment of the convention 's time by general ed gale . 
 as we all know and greatly appreciate , the general was instrumental in assuring the safe delivery to wyoming of the new york federal reserve gold . 
 general gale . '' 
 the convention rose in unison to applaud the general as he climbed the stairs onto the raised dais . 
 he adjusted the microphone on the lectern and waited for the acclamation to subside . 
 raising his arms to motion for quiet , the general began . 
 `` delegates , thank you for a minute of your time . 
 i promise i will be brief . 
 shortly , i 'll be returning to seattle to lead our troops into california to do battle to free our country from the chinese invaders . '' 
 another standing ovation as the delegates jumped to their feet to again show their support for the general 's efforts . 
 again the general raised his arms for quiet . 
 `` again thank you , but you may not be so generous with your applause after i finish . '' 
 he let that sink in and watched the delegates sober up to what might be coming . 
 ed continued . 
 `` many men died in our recovery of the gold . 
 that was unfortunate , but it could have gone the other way and we 'd be having a very different talk right now . 
 our country is tearing itself apart , and it 's primarily because we have no functioning government that allows for redress of important issues . 
 while the governor 's council has done an admirable job holding things together up ` til now , it 's time that the people of this country know that a stable , permanent national government is in place . '' 
 paul looked around the room as the general talked and noticed that many delegates looked sheepish . 
 the delay they had caused in reaching an agreement on a new constitution was evident , but some who had caused the biggest roadblocks still showed a look of determined opposition . 
 `` we have enough tasks at hand , liberating california and hawaii from the invaders as well as returning order to the northeast . 
 to continue this political fight is foolhardy . 
 i can assure you that failure at these proceedings means failure for our people . 
 anarchy is close at hand and only this body can push it back . '' 
 the general walked off the stage and hit the door . 
 there was no applause this time as the delegates sat in silence . 
 the general 's remarks had hit home and reminded them of the risks involved in not completing their task . 
 paul knew that a c-130 awaited ed to take him back to seattle . 
 the war to return the former united states territory to friendly hands awaited . 
 it is my duty to finalize things here , he thought . 
 the missouri governor took the lectern . 
 `` would dr. kendall and dr. lundquist please come up here and lay out their plan once again . 
 i think i can speak for the majority of delegates present that it is time your compromise be considered in earnest . '' 
 as paul and lars walked up to the raised stage , the seated delegates all began talking amongst themselves . 
 they were aware of the danger that now existed . 
 the new country may already be devolving into multiple entities . 
 a once-powerful unified country was at risk of being balkanized into a gaggle of squabbling small , weak countries . 
 it was with an air of doom that the two economists took over the convention . 
 but things had changed since they last had made their pitch . 
 texas and its two most strident supporting states were gone . 
 the former texas allies had witnessed a play for power in an attempt to beat the others to the gold hoard . 
 `` dr. kendall , we have heard your plan before , so if you do n't mind , lay out the compromise positions you and dr. lundquist reached , '' the chairman offered . 
 paul realized that professor bush , the third member of the compromise , had been dropped from the discussion . 
 being a texan , paul knew that was n't a surprise . 
 `` mr. chairman , '' paul began . 
 `` dr. lundquist and i have outlined the changes from my previous plan and those are being handed out to you now . '' 
 he turned on the overhead projector and placed an acetate copy on the glass . 
 lars jumped in . 
 `` we 'll take turns explaining things as we go through them . '' 
 dr. lundquist proceeded to explain the new constitution . 
 the articles describing the house of representatives were first . 
 lars pointed out that the only difference from the old constitution was that any representative was limited to being elected to three two-year terms , for a total of six years service . 
 all other aspects would remain the same . 
 paul then put the changes concerning the senate on the overhead . 
 the delegates turned the page in their handout . 
 many low whistles were heard as they quickly realized the major changes planned . 
 `` as you can see , we will return the senate to representing the power interests of each state . 
 as written in the original u.s. constitution , each senator had been appointed by his state legislature . 
 this was later changed to a popular vote . 
 the senate will now be returned to a more state-power orientation , but with a twist , '' paul explained . 
 the twist was the advent of computers , which the founding fathers lacked . 
 soon the country would be back to a computer-based economy . 
 already critical areas in society were receiving new machines to replace those burnt out by the emp . 
 with a return to an orderly society , computers would once again rule citizen 's lives , but hardened this time from any future cme . 
 the proposed plan stated that the senators would be appointed on staggered terms by each state legislature . 
 but when the economy was fully computerized , then each voter would receive a smart card . 
 whenever a citizen paid taxes , the amount paid would be recorded onto the memory chip . 
 when a senatorial election was held , each citizen 's vote total would amount to the dollar amount on the memory chip . 
 the senate would represent the monied interest of the nation , or at least the tax-paying monied interest . 
 the more taxes one paid , the more votes that citizen would have . 
 `` you mean the rich would get to vote in their ` boys ' ? '' 
 rebecca said . 
 paul looked over to see rebecca now standing with an incredulous face , ready to explode . 
 she was still here and could n't stay quiet long , he thought . 
 `` ms. richards . 
 the rich already make sure their ` boys ' are elected to the senate , and to the house , and to the white house . 
 we 're proposing that we at least legitimatize it for the senate in the future , '' paul answered . 
 `` i will point out that under the previous constitution , the ` rich ' , as you refer to them , often did n't pay anywhere near the amount of taxes you believe . 
 and when we get to our tax structural changes , you will see that the rich wo n't have the loopholes and write-offs they have been accustomed to . '' 
 `` i ca n't wait , '' rebecca responded . 
 the sarcasm was evident as she spoke . 
 lars continued and explained that senators would be limited to one six-year term . 
 he then dove into the biggest change they were proposing . 
 `` we have been raised in the belief of three competing branches of government . 
 that has become gospel to our citizens . 
 but the founding fathers envisioned that the house would be the final arbitrator . 
 because of that belief , provisions were put into the constitution that allowed the house to overrule any other branch of the government , '' lars continued . 
 paul took over . 
 `` unfortunately , things quickly went awry and over time got worse . 
 the first was john marshall , asserting a place for the supreme court that was not envisioned by the founders . 
 as we have seen , the court progressively became more active in writing laws rather than enforcing the laws . 
 that is about to end . '' 
 the delegates showed their understanding of the seriousness of this issue with a round of applause . 
 the governors had all dealt with out-of-control courts issuing edicts affecting their states . 
 `` we will have a new third branch of the government , '' paul said . 
 the groans from everyone showed their disgust at more government . 
 noticing the response , he held up his arms as a sign he understood their fears . 
 `` let me explain . 
 the third branch of government will mirror the house . 
 it will contain the same number of members and be selected in the same districts . '' 
 `` then why have them ? '' 
 a delegate from north carolina yelled . 
 `` because this group , which we 've named the ` national council ' , will take advantage of the information age . 
 the founders were limited to a representative republic form of government by the distances and time lag of their era . 
 but we can now have a more citizen-orientated government , '' paul explained . 
 he continued to outline the national council . 
 it would be made up of any eligible voter who chose to be involved with the political system . 
 based upon each grade school in the country , individuals would meet regularly to discuss current issues . 
 from each group , one individual would be picked by random selection to represent the grade school group at the high school level . 
 from the high school level of involved citizen members , one member would be selected , again randomly , to a house district group . 
 and finally , one member would be picked by lottery to represent the district at the national level . 
 lars took over . 
 `` it takes its substance from national review founder bill buckley 's comment on politics . 
 to paraphrase mr. buckley : ` i would sooner trust the running of our government to the first 500 people listed in the phone book than to the people that get elected . '' 
 `` this offers a fair chance to the common man or woman to be involved in their government at the highest level . 
 no money is required and no paybacks are necessary once in office . 
 and again , the office would be limited to one six-year term , '' paul added . 
 `` but anyone could end up in the highest seat of power . 
 we could randomly pick some extremist wacko , '' a georgia delegate admonished . 
 `` yes , we could . 
 and by the same measure , we could pick the next thomas jefferson , but one that did n't have the money it takes to grease the wheels to office . 
 with four hundred and thirty-five members , a couple of dingbats will be an annoyance to the vast majority of decent members . 
 and we have an impeachment provision that the full council can exercise to remove anyone they deem unworkable , '' lars answered . 
 `` but you said that the supreme court would be cut down to size . 
 where is that happening with this new body ? '' 
 the georgia delegate asked . 
 paul put a new overhead up . 
 it laid out the other big change being proposed . 
 as the delegates turned their pages to the new information , the gasp of shock filled the hall . 
 `` that 's right . 
 we will no longer elect the president by popular vote . 
 or by electoral college , if you want to be technical , '' paul said . 
 `` i 'll quote another famous american , ` any system of government that is determined by an election every four years of demagogues is doomed to failure ' . 
 well , we were headed to that failure when the sun intervened . '' 
 `` but we need a national figure that represents the country . 
 are you proposing we reintroduce royalty ? '' 
 a delegate mouthed off . 
 `` no , we wo n't be having a king or queen , '' lars fired back . 
 `` but we did look at others to find a solution to our problem . 
 and we think we 've found it with the swiss . '' 
 before anyone could raise an objection to anything foreign , paul offered . 
 `` with the age of television , the task of offering a free exchange of ideas in electing a president vaporized . 
 even in jefferson 's time , elections were mean-spirited . 
 the printed press at the time put out such viscous stories that its amazing congress did n't address this issue decades ago . '' 
 `` but we intend to fix that now . 
 once we have a house , a senate and a council fully established , each body would vote three members to the presidential cabinet . 
 the cabinet would then select one member to act as president . 
 the other members would fill the role of cabinet positions we have traditionally understood , '' lars said . 
 he went on to explain that the nine cabinet members would consist of the president and vice president and the following ; the state department would be relabeled the foreign department and would still deal with foreign affairs . 
 a new state department would be responsible for affairs between the national government and the more independent states . 
 the attorney general and the treasury secretary would be similar in roles as the present departments as would the defense department . 
 the interior department would become a catch-all bureau for all things internal in the country ; national parks , national forests , wildlife refugees , and internal transportation would all fall under interior . 
 the old departments of agriculture , transportation , education and housing would all disappear . 
 parts of those departments still funded under a much reduced national budget would be in one remaining interior department . 
 rounding out the nine cabinet positions would be a health department . 
 it would be responsible for only the micro-parasites of the nation . 
 with the severe cutback in income , the national government would be out of the welfare business . 
 all public assistance would be a state-by-state issue . 
 `` you mean we 're going to let people starve , do n't you ? '' 
 rebecca was back demanding . 
 paul looked over at the visible agitation of the iowa and nebraska delegations . 
 `` that would be up to the states . 
 it was never the founders intention that the national government be an end-all to everyone 's needs . 
 they envisioned a land of independent states making independent policies , '' paul answered . 
 he knew he had to provide a basic class in federalism to this woman 's limited education . 
 `` each state could experiment with different ideas ; some failing and some succeeding . 
 and a people free to move from one to another . '' 
 `` yes , i would remind ms. richards that voting with your feet is one of the most immediate confirmations that a governing body can have . 
 new york state , before ` the pulse ' , had found that out . 
 its population had lost millions in the two decades prior to p-day . 
 all from bad decisions by their legislature , '' lars lectured . 
 `` and places like texas and florida were winning the race for voters by having policies that people supported more than new york . '' 
 `` so , we 're all going to be fighting for people . 
 how absurd . 
 that 's no way to run a country , '' rebecca said . 
 `` that 's called freedom . 
 ` free to choose ' is the phrase that comes to mind . 
 at present we have thirty states and provinces , so we 'll have thirty little experiments all vying for the best system to govern people . 
 and the people get to vote any time they choose for the system they want , '' lars said . 
 `` but to return to our changes to the presidency . 
 the swiss have managed their affairs by a similar system of selecting their leader from a council . 
 and they 've been successfully doing so longer than we have . 
 our method eliminates the money from the presidency , '' paul said . 
 the arkansas delegate added . 
 `` yeah , is n't it amazing how our former governor , making about $ 35,000 a year , wins the white house and eight years later he 's a multi-millionaire . '' 
 many in the convention hall chuckled at the reference . 
 many rich men had become president but all of them had left the presidency wealthy , paul thought . 
 paul continued to explain that by selecting the cabinet members from the three bodies , it could be possible that a typical everyday voter could be selected to lead the nation . 
 the so called elites would be bypassed . 
 again , anyone in the cabinet was limited to a maximum of six years , with each cabinet position lasting two years . 
 they could be reelected twice if the full cabinet so desired . 
 to assure continuity , the cabinet membership would be staggered so new members would be taking a seat every two years . 
 in addition , the supreme court would be appointed the same way . 
 nine members from the three bodies would be nominated to sit on the highest court . 
 but unlike the old days , these members would be limited to one six-year term . 
 also , like the cabinet , the terms would be staggered , paul explained . 
 `` so non-lawyers could be appointed to the court . 
 sounds dangerous , '' the georgia delegate said . 
 `` we 've seen the damage that lawyers have caused our system . 
 if we truly believe in self-government , then anyone selected should have the ability to weigh the issues of our times in a thoughtful way . 
 it might help the whole if those making the laws understood that the final arbitrators are not lawyers . 
 it might make laws easier to understand , '' paul said . 
 it was finally added that if a member was selected to move up to the cabinet or the supreme court , then that time would not count against his time on the body from which he was selected . 
 so that once someone 's six years as a judge was finished , the individual could seek their original position in either of the three bodies through the same process . 
 but the new constitution limited any one 's total time in elected national office to twelve years . 
 the years could be any combination of positions in any of the bodies , but a person was done and gone at twelve . 
 `` well , so much for the structure of the government . 
 how 's it going to be paid for ? 
 that 's the crux of the whole thing , '' an iowa delegate asked . 
 `` from your explanation of the departments in the new government , i do n't like that the ag department is going away . '' 
 paul noticed the midwest states all nodding in agreement . 
 this was the salient point . 
 how much money would transfer to the national government ? 
 past mischiefs were created by the large tax bite that the feds had taken out of its citizens . 
 and now each state was about to hear news on its favorite fat cows that were about to be slaughtered . 
 `` that 's right . 
 a lot of things are going away . 
 they would have been going away before ` the pulse ' , but the day of reckoning got thrust upon us . 
 we are no longer the country that after world war ii thought we could do anything . 
 as a nation , we can no longer afford such luxuries , '' paul offered . 
 `` farmers growing crops and staying solvent is n't a luxury , mister , '' the iowa delegate said . 
 `` no , it is n't , but farmers have been growing crops for centuries and have done so successfully without subsidies from the government . 
 and i know that many of them will succeed independently again . 
 but the corporate farmer taking a government check for not growing something is finished , '' paul said . 
 `` and i suppose ethanol subsidies are history , too , '' iowa stated . 
 `` yes . 
 if states want to subsidize such things , they are free to do so . 
 but there will be no national program . '' 
 `` what ? 
 the environment is taking a back seat now . 
 we 're throwing out years of progress to a sustainable future , '' rebecca said . 
 `` i will point out that the environment just killed off probably two billion people around the world . 
 about one hundred million americans are dead because we were chasing the wrong illusion . 
 the sun showed us our priorities and we will be decades recovering from that lesson , '' paul answered . 
 lars added , `` and our country had its greatest growth during the late 19th century because of the policy of low taxes . 
 we are proposing the same . 
 the 16th amendment will be eliminated , removing the income tax from existence . 
 in its place , the national government will live on a ten percent import/export tax coupled with a ten percent national sales tax . 
 and no exemptions . '' 
 the delegates looked at the overhead of revenue projections that such a tax structure would create . 
 from the recent past federal budget , the new projections were miniscule . 
 there would be no extra money for much of anything . 
 finally the georgia delegate spoke . 
 `` our national defense will be crippled . 
 these numbers are totally inadequate to maintain our military forces . '' 
 `` i do n't see where the money comes from for the elderly . 
 social security payments alone will collapse . 
 never mind medicare , '' one wisconsin delegate offered . 
 `` what about the children ? '' 
 rebecca screamed . 
 `` what about head start and the school lunch program ? 
 and section eight housing ? 
 the poor will be out on the street starving . 
 what have we come to ? '' 
 `` what we 've come to is a time where everyone is going to be contributing to society . 
 the free lunch is over . 
 we have a country to rebuild and we 're going to leave the money in the hands of our citizens to make their own decisions about how we 're going to do it , '' paul said . 
 `` and the military is going to be a lot smaller . '' 
 `` at least those bastards get the shaft too , '' rebecca offered . 
 `` those ` bastards ' , as you so warmly describe them , will continue to receive adequate resources to defend our borders . 
 the difference is that we wo n't be the ` big guy on the block ' that defends everyone else 's borders . 
 our allies around the world have grown used to our presence . 
 those days are over , '' paul answered . 
 the talk turned to the role the new national government would take . 
 most agreed that the phrase ` general welfare ' should be removed from the constitution . 
 too much power had been taken by congress under that term and the convention was resolved to end that practice . 
 `` have you accounted for money to go teach the chinese about the dangers of invading our country , '' the georgia delegate asked . 
 `` that will be up to the new congress to sort out . 
 what money is allocated in the budget and to whom it will go is the job for the future house of representatives . 
 all money measures will start there , '' lars answered . 
 the georgia delegate did n't appreciate the answer . 
 many of the delegates appeared to be supporting the georgian 's position . 
 well , the neocons are establishing the first policy fight to come , paul thought . 
 the democratic party power base was destroyed when the country 's urban population had been decimated . 
 now the political winds were shifting . 
 paul knew that the former neocons from the old republican party were asserting themselves on one side . 
 the other side of the issues seemed to be coalescing around what had been historically a classical liberal position . 
 the term ` liberal ' had been stolen in the 20th century by the ` progressives ' starting in the 1920s . 
 once the income tax and the federal reserve bank legislation was passed by the federal government , the growth of a large socialist government was just a matter of time . 
 the libertarian party had assumed many of the classical liberal views . 
 the new libertarian caucus that emerged was economically conservative , but more socially liberal . 
 the third voting bloc were the christian supporters . 
 the old south was heavy with evangelical christians who were happy with a smaller government , but concerned about social issues . 
 paul saw that this christian bloc was the swing vote between the neocon caucus that wanted a bigger government and the libertarian caucus striving for a small government . 
 he knew that he would have to form an alliance with the christians in order to govern . 
 after a new constitution was adopted , many issues would be an ongoing struggle . 
 if a compromise could be reached with the christians over the social issues , paul could live with those decisions , as long as the government was severely reduced . 
 when rebecca again raised the issue of the elderly and social security , paul knew that he had to make sure the entire convention understood where the new country 's future lay . 
 `` social security was a ` ponzi scheme ' from the day fdr started it . 
 there has never been a ` lock box ' where all that money sat waiting for people to retire . 
 congress spent that money as fast as it came in and issued treasury notes in their place . 
 all that is gone now . '' 
 `` and those people are going to starve now ? '' 
 rebecca asked . 
 `` that is now a state issue . 
 i would imagine that the old ` poor farm ' system would be the most efficient and effective way to handle the indigent , no matter their age . 
 we might change the name to `` empowerment resorts ' , but the net result would be the same . 
 people would work on a farm to the level of their ability to provide for their sustenance . 
 no one starves , but there would be a huge incentive for able-bodied individuals to move out into regular society , '' paul offered . 
 `` empowerment resorts . 
 are you ` f ' ing serious ? '' 
 rebecca yelled . 
 `` i like the idea , '' the montana governor yelled back . 
 `` i think dr. kendall has hit on a solid idea here . '' 
 several of the governors showed their agreement . 
 they realized that with the federal government out of the welfare business , the problem was about to land in their laps . 
 and the old ways were about to be dusted off . 
 america was about to shift back in many ways to the early 1900s ; before the ` progressive era ' , as it was labeled , had begun . 
 the convention broke down into small groups discussing everything that had been presented . 
 the chairman indicated to paul and lars to take a seat . 
 he would let the group take time to digest everything . 
 paul walked back to where the idaho delegation was seated . 
 amanda smiled at him as he sat down . 
 chapter 31 red bluff , california general ed gale waited in his headquarters . 
 it was late afternoon and the sun was just setting over the brown hills to the west . 
 in the distance to the east , the typical afternoon buildup of thunderclouds over the sierra nevada mountains announced their location . 
 it was late october and the fields that would have normally been harvested had been fallow for over a year now . 
 the turmoil after the cme had prevented normal activity in the area . 
 consequently , the local population was nonexistent . 
 everyone had headed out of the area to avoid the hordes of people fleeing the bay area . 
 at least until the chinese showed up . 
 they arrived with security forces and food . 
 the locals were happy to accept both at the time , but the assistance had turned into an occupation . 
 china had shipped in more troops and then settlers to establish their permanent presence in california . 
 intelligence reports showed the chinese farming vast areas of the san joaquin valley . 
 the chinese army troops had established a defensive line that ran from mexico , up through the sierras , and then west across california just north of willows . 
 general gale had advanced his troops from seattle down i-5 to their present location , about forty miles north of the chinese position . 
 a certain gentlemen 's agreement existed in keeping the respective troops separate . 
 the same was true in the sierras , where american troops held reno , las vegas , and arizona east of the colorado river . 
 everyone prepared for what they all knew was coming . 
 ed waited for his representative to arrive from the new american government . 
 the chinese had arrived the previous week under a white flag and asked for a meeting . 
 ed had forwarded the request to cheyenne and now the special envoy of the president was flying to represent the new national government . 
 the tent flap was thrown back by the guard and the special envoy walked in . 
 ed stopped in his tracks . 
 `` holy cow , its you ! '' 
 ed exclaimed . 
 `` i do n't know if i 've been elevated that high yet , general gale , but thanks for the sentiment . 
 but cow definitely fits this position , '' paul answered . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir . 
 i was not expecting you , but i 'm glad you 're here . '' 
 ed offered in way of an apology . 
 `` but you understand the situation here . 
 we 're about to wade neck deep into you-know-what . '' 
 `` i will excuse the phrase , general , '' amanda said as she followed paul into the tent . 
 `` ms. savage , excuse my language . 
 you 're a surprise too , '' ed said . 
 `` glad to see both of you . '' 
 `` we need an update on the chinese situation , '' paul said . 
 `` we have our first meeting with them tomorrow morning with the general in charge and his commissar for political cover . 
 we 'll find out what they have in mind then , '' ed said . 
 `` i do n't imagine that they are going to say ` oops ' and pronounce they they are leaving forthwith , '' paul said . 
 `` hardly , i have a tent set up for you both . 
 best we can do in the field . '' 
 `` we 'll make do , '' paul said , as he and amanda followed the adjutant out of the tent toward their accommodations . 
 `` chow is at 0600 . 
 that 's 6 am for you civilians , '' the general said . 
 * * * they arrived at 0550 . 
 the adjutant was ready and waiting for paul . 
 he escorted paul and amanda to the head table . 
 as representatives of the national government , food would be brought to the table for them . 
 the troops all filed through the chow line and walked into the dining area where paul and amanda sat . 
 they stopped as they realized that they had important guests . 
 no one appeared willing to be the first to sit down . 
 paul made a motion for the men and women to sit and eat . 
 the adjutant returned with meals for his guests . 
 ed had made sure they were eating the same as the troops . 
 good , we need to establish a new tone in the country . 
 no special food for the higher-ups , paul thought . 
 as paul dug into his ham and eggs , he glanced up and noticed the seated troops were still not eating . 
 `` eat . 
 no need to stand on ceremony for anyone here , '' paul told them . 
 they all began digging in , but he noticed that most of them were still staring at the head table . 
 he noticed they were n't staring at him . 
 amanda had caught the troops attention , at least the male troops . 
 he smiled and returned to his breakfast . 
 the general walked in and sat down next to paul . 
 the troops snapped to attention and ed gave them the command to carry on . 
 `` paul , i 've been thinking about our first meeting and i believe you need to stay here at headquarters , '' ed said . 
 `` but why ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` the chinese are sending a general and a political commissar . 
 by having you there without a similar ranked official from their country would be demeaning to our country . 
 i can offset the general and amanda can act as our political officer . 
 meet on equal terms for now . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 sounds right . 
 i 'm new to this , so keep the suggestions coming , '' paul said . 
 `` roger that , sir . 
 this is new to me also . 
 who was the last general to negotiate foreign invaders off of our shores ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 the three all looked at each other . 
 ed 's face froze . 
 `` oh , him . 
 i see what you mean . 
 it is a little intimidating , is n't it ? '' 
 * * * amanda waved to paul as the two negotiators headed down the freeway with a stryker company for transport . 
 amanda sat beside the general in the second stryker armored car as the six vehicles headed south . 
 they were to meet the chinese at a local grange hall , half way between their respective forces . 
 arriving at the appointed time , amanda saw a convoy of chinese vehicles come into view through the gun slots in the stryker . 
 she climbed down behind the general and took her place beside him . 
 the lead stryker had a large white flag flapping from its roof . 
 the old ` stars and stripes ' flew next to it . 
 the new national government had yet to designate a new national standard . 
 the lead chinese jeep had a similar white flag tied to its driver 's mirror , a chinese national flag beside it . 
 a large armored car pulled up in front of the americans . 
 it was all amanda could do to control her emotions when she saw the red star on the hood . 
 two chinese men in uniform stepped out of the armored car . 
 they stood rigid and offered no gestures . 
 no salute or handshake was offered . 
 ed and amanda offered none back . 
 this was two adversaries meeting and polite gestures were not in the playbook . 
 ed looked at his translator , who acknowledged the opposite chinese translator . 
 each side would get their own version of the talks . 
 `` my general wishes to acknowledge the representatives of the people 's republic of china to these meetings . 
 we may enter the building and begin . '' 
 `` and my general also acknowledges the representative of the united states to this meeting . 
 we shall enter first , '' the translator for the chinese said . 
 `` correction , sir . 
 i am the commanding general of the union of american states , '' ed retorted . 
 ed 's translator related the comment to his opposite . 
 the chinese party ignored the comment . 
 they turned and walked into the grange . 
 ed , amanda and their staff followed behind . 
 amanda noticed the initial snub , as the chinese had asserted their position of dominance by going in first . 
 she concluded quickly that this would be a long session . 
 she was wrong . 
 the discussions did n't last very long in international terms . 
 the chinese went right to their point of contention . 
 `` my general wishes to point out that your forces have taken up a hostile position . 
 threatening the people 's army will be met with a strong response . '' 
 ed spoke slowly so that his translator could keep up . 
 `` i wish to point out that the people 's army is occupying my country . 
 all chinese troops and chinese civilians are to be removed forthwith from american soil . 
 and that includes the state of hawaii and the territory of guam . '' 
 the chinese were taken back by the directness of the american general . 
 their anger visibly grew . 
 `` my general wishes to inform you that he has no intention of leaving . 
 the chinese people bought california by way of the trillions of dollars of u.s. securities they hold . 
 the people 's army is only here to protect its investment . 
 when that money is repaid , we can negotiate any further action . '' 
 `` well , as a history lesson , the united states is no longer in existence . 
 i repeat . 
 i am a representative of the union of american states and as such no debt is owed to anyone . 
 just as the communist chinese abrogated the debt of the nationalist chinese when they came to power , so the world works , '' ed offered . 
 screw you on getting any money , amanda thought . 
 ed stuck it to the invaders and they deserved it . 
 there was no ` save face ' negotiating position being offered . 
 the two chinese officials scowled at this answer . 
 they expected respect for the position they were representing . 
 to be treated by a western in such a manner was unforgivable . 
 ed loaded on , `` now the only thing i 'm here to discuss is how fast your sorry asses can get out of my country . '' 
 the chinese translator froze . 
 he could n't translate such an insult . 
 ed looked at his translator , who was equally aghast , and told him to translate , word for word . 
 the chinese jumped to their feet and quickly exited the building . 
 the chinese general yelled what was an obvious insult as he stormed out of the grange hall . 
 out the open front door amanda could see the chinese convoy speed around the building and head south . 
 `` i suppose we better get out of here . 
 hostilities seemed to have been initiated , '' ed said . 
 amanda joined the translator in climbing into the stryker . 
 the staff spread out into the other armored cars , as ed nodded to get things moving . 
 the column spun around and headed north . 
 as they left the area , the grange hall exploded into flames from incoming artillery . 
 the strykers picked up speed as they tried to outrun the rounds impacting the area . 
 the chinese did n't seem to have an observer , so the artillery stayed on the grange target until nothing remained standing . 
 `` i guess future generations wo n't be traveling to willows grange hall to witness where the peace treaty was signed , '' ed joked . 
 `` sorry to put you through that . 
 i 'm just glad paul did n't have to waste his time . '' 
 `` sir , you did n't seem to be in much of a negotiating mood just now , '' amanda said carefully . 
 `` i 've dealt with these clowns before . 
 they think they have right on their side . 
 as in ` might is right ' . 
 their arrogance precedes them . 
 it has , ever since they came to power , '' ed offered . 
 `` what was that little tidbit the general threw out when he left ? '' 
 he asked the translator . 
 `` ` you will die , imperialist dog ' i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` imperialist . 
 that 's rich . 
 he 's in our country and he calls us imperialists , '' ed said . 
 `` general , why do you think they even invaded america ? 
 they must have known we would fight for our country , '' amanda said . 
 `` well , i think they got caught with their pants down , '' ed answered . 
 he explained that the chinese had been preparing for something like ` the pulse ' for some time . 
 probably an emp attack by their buddies , the north koreans or iranians . 
 the cme from the sun was a gift for them . 
 `` they had definitely read the u.s. congressional emp commission report and assumed that most of america would be dead . 
 a ninety percent death rate as outlined by the report would have left only thirty million people in the united states . '' 
 `` and having that asshole in the white house thank the chinese for coming to our aid only encouraged them . 
 they took that as a tacit agreement that they deserved california and anything else they wanted , '' ed finished . 
 amanda noticed the bulges in the veins on ed 's temple . 
 ed was passionate and would n't rest until the chinese were dead or back in china , she thought . 
 chapter 32 aorere , south island , new zealand noel had recovered physically from his wounds suffered at the battle of bombay hills . 
 the intervening weeks had allowed him to heal the bullet wounds in his body and to begin getting his strength back . 
 but all was not well in the leffingwell home . 
 noel suffered the shock of battle mixed with losing his great grandfather . 
 he felt responsible for coming home alive and leaving gg in a grave near hamilton . 
 they had both discussed the risks when they marched off together to save their country from the invading indonesians . 
 but as a boy just turning seventeen , noel could n't separate the pain and confusion he felt . 
 he felt that he should be lying in a grave next to his great-grandfather . 
 that was the agreement they had reached . 
 they were willing to put their lives on the line for their country , but only if they suffered the same fate . 
 that one should survive while the other one died was unacceptable . 
 everyday noel would struggle with his loss . 
 his family and friends tried in vain to explain that his great-grandfather would n't want him to stop living . 
 nothing reached noel in his depression . 
 noel 's dad continued to try anything to help his son overcome his guilt . 
 desmond tried to understand his son , but he had never fought in a war and watched men die . 
 as hard as he tried , he could n't reach noel and noel 's depression worsened . 
 finally , noel 's grandfather leslie offered desmond a suggestion . 
 desmond announced that he would be gone for a week or so . 
 he returned two weeks later with someone who he thought might be able to help . 
 noel was still asleep in bed when his bedroom door was rudely shoved open . 
 `` mate , it 's almost tea time . 
 time to get up , '' the voice bellowed . 
 noel awoke with a start . 
 he blinked his eyes to clear his mind and try to determine who was rousing him out of bed . 
 `` syd ! 
 bloody hell . 
 what brings you to these parts , mate ? '' 
 noel exclaimed . 
 standing before him was his ` old ' friend syd , of german machine gun fame . 
 although they had only known each other a short time , fighting together creates a quick bond . 
 `` last time i saw you was in hospital . 
 we shared a room together , but you probably do n't remember . 
 you were bloody well out cold the whole time . '' 
 `` do n't remember a bloody thing after our fight on the hills . 
 at least ` til i finally woke up in a hospital in christchurch . '' 
 `` but what are you doing here ? '' 
 noel asked . 
 `` your dad wrote me . 
 i have no idea how he found out where i was , but he found me . 
 suggested i stop by , '' syd answered . 
 `` i was heading back up north to retrieve the family heirloom and figured ` what the hell ' . '' 
 noel knew the family heirloom was the ` beast ' , the german mg 42 machine gun his grandfather had brought back from the european war . 
 `` thought you might need a change of scenery . 
 want to join me ? '' 
 noel thought for awhile and concluded that was a grand idea . 
 he jumped out of bed , dressed and started packing his rucksack . 
 as he reached for his ak-47 under the bed , syd interrupted him . 
 `` bloody hell mate . 
 i think we can wait a day or two so i can meet your family at least , '' syd said . 
 * * * it was a difficult wait for noel , but on the second day they finally headed off to picton . 
 the ferry was back running across the cook straits to wellington . 
 from there they caught a ride to new plymouth . 
 as the pair walked up to the hospital there , noel asked , `` who are we visiting ? '' 
 `` my mate from blenheim . 
 he was with us on bombay hills . 
 his grandfather had a lot of the ammunition for the ` beast ' . 
 our great-grandfathers had served together in north africa , '' syd answered . 
 finding the room that syd 's friend was assigned to , the two walked in to a hearty new zealand welcome . 
 syd 's mate had lost a leg in battle , and with some other internal injuries was still recuperating . 
 syd pulled out a six pack of db beer . 
 `` i thought we needed to celebrate kiwi style . '' 
 `` syd , the nurses will be pissed , '' his mate said . 
 `` the hell with the nurses . 
 bloody time to celebrate living through what we did , by crikey , '' syd retorted . 
 `` why not ? 
 and db too . 
 none of that foster 's piss . 
 good old kiwi beer , '' his mate said . 
 foster 's was an australian beer , and with ` the pulse ' knocking out transport across the tasman sea , the old db beer plant had started back up . 
 db beer had been bought up in the beer wars and had been replaced by fosters . 
 now it was back and the kiwi 's enjoyed their national drink of choice . 
 the three sat and finished their drinks , chatting the whole time about their experiences fighting the ` indos ' . 
 noel felt better than he had in ages just being around his mates . 
 the darkness receded from his life . 
 syd and noel stayed overnight in new plymouth and then hitched a ride north . 
 upon reaching hamilton , noel sought out major smith , of the 24th infantry division of the american army . 
 no new information was available . 
 the kiwis and the americans were sitting in place waiting for orders . 
 it had been a quiet few months since the allies had taken the bombay hills away from the indonesians . 
 syd was happy to hear that major smith thought that the marines still had the ` beast ' with them . 
 the two men would start their search there . 
 locating the marines ' position in the battle line was easy , and then locating the ` beast ' was rudimentary . 
 its reputation proceeded it . 
 syd and noel walked into the area that they had determined had the machine gun . 
 `` what can i do for you ? '' 
 the platoon sergeant asked . 
 `` we understand that you might have an mg42 german machine gun from world war ii here , '' syd said . 
 `` damn straight we do . 
 the things a beast . 
 the ` indos ' keep a wide berth from our area because of its reputation , '' the sergeant exclaimed . 
 syd proceeded to explain the importance of the gun to his family and that he would like to reclaim it . 
 the marine sergeant looked disappointed but understood traditions with fighting men . 
 they would not be responsible for breaking that tradition . 
 `` i 'll send one of my men down to get it squared away . 
 we 'll have to replace it with one of our squad machine guns . 
 not as good , believe me , but we appreciate the loan . 
 and we took good care of it , '' the sergeant said . 
 `` we carefully retrieved all the brass for reloading . 
 found a good reloader in hamilton that keeps us in quality ammunition . '' 
 `` thank you , sergeant . 
 my family will appreciate the gun getting home safe . '' 
 `` but if you head home now , you 'll miss the upcoming fight . 
 rumor has it we 're going on the offensive soon . 
 summer is almost here . 
 hate to have the ` beast ' miss all the fun , '' the marine said . 
 noel and syd again thanked the sergeant and headed back to hamilton . 
 walking through the center of town carrying an mg 42 over syd 's shoulder with noel working hard pushing a bicycle loaded down with all the gun 's ammunition made quite a sight . 
 but a sight kiwi 's were now used to . 
 `` noel , i 've been thinking . 
 if we 're going to be fighting the ` indos ' soon , i ca n't rightly take the gun away . 
 and i do n't feel right deserting my other mates who will be doing the fighting , '' syd said . 
 `` i 've been thinking too . 
 major smith still needs a liaison . 
 maybe i can get ` our ' job back . '' 
 noel realized that he had said ` our ' as soon as he said it . 
 with his great-grandfather dead , the liaison job would n't be a two-person job anymore . 
 the darkness started to close in . 
 `` well , i could use a good gunner 's mate . 
 someone to feed the belt for me , '' syd offered . 
 noel knew his mate was trying to change the subject . 
 `` but i guess i might have to switch roles with you after your work at bombay hills , eh mate ? '' 
 `` glad to join you syd , '' noel answered as he worked to push the darkness back . 
 chapter 33 red bluff , california the abbreviated talks with the chinese had ended with the chinese general showing his displeasure with a violation of protocol . 
 launching an artillery barrage under what was supposed to be a ` white flag ' was a statement that general gale took literally . 
 he would remember the bad manners displayed by his chinese counterpart . 
 the special envoy of the union of american states was n't so sanguine when he heard the explosions back at army headquarters . 
 he was worried that the party was now a casualty of war and was relieved when the stryker column was reported entering the area . 
 dr. paul kendall forgot his new role as he met the returning negotiators . 
 a wave of relief welled over him as amanda climbed down out of the armored car . 
 `` what happened ? 
 i heard explosions . '' 
 `` well , the chinese were a little pissed about our negotiating position i guess , '' general gale said . 
 amanda explained the position that ed had taken and paul smiled . 
 he was new to the whole foreign negotiating thing himself , but he knew insulting asians was n't a good idea . 
 not unless you were willing and able to kick their butt afterward . 
 `` so , general . 
 are we ready ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 he was never sure now whether to refer to him as general or admiral . 
 ed would n't commit to either one . 
 he said it kept everyone guessing . 
 since paul first knew him as a general , he continued using the title . 
 `` my last report says affirmative . 
 but i think there 's one thing you need to do when you get back to cheyenne and report to the president , '' ed said . 
 paul confirmed he would relay the information to the new president . 
 the idaho governor had appointed himself to the senate and that body had voted him onto the cabinet . 
 the nine members of the cabinet had chosen him as the first president of the uas . 
 paul was now an assistant to the president and both were determined to set a high ethical standard . 
 the last administrations of the united states were less thsn stellar in that nature . 
 between dalliances with interns and running guns to drug cartels , these former united states presidents had become corrupted ghosts compared to their earlier counterparts . 
 before leaving , paul asked the general if he could see his son and nephew . 
 isaac and matt were still with the idaho army . 
 general gale had used most of the montana and idaho volunteers to keep the peace in oregon , washington and british columbia when regular army units became available for combat duty in california . 
 only a small remnant of volunteers remained with the front line troops sho had shown up over a year ago . 
 ed had kept matt and isaac close at hand to assure some semblance of survival . 
 paul knew the general had placed the two boys in relatively safe positions out of respect for his family caring for ed 's grandchildren . 
 `` i had them transferred to my headquarters . 
 with you now in a position in the government , it would be compromising if they fell into the wrong hands , '' ed offered . 
 `` i want no special treatment for my family , '' paul protested . 
 `` it 's not special treatment . 
 it 's operational security . 
 matt and isaac are valuable bargaining chips to the wrong people . 
 anything that affects my command , i will deal with as i see fit , '' ed said . 
 `` but i 'll have them report to your quarters asap . 
 paul realized that the general had just closed the issue , `` thank you , general . '' 
 paul and amanda were sitting in paul 's tent when the two boys arrived . 
 paul looked them over as they walked through the door . 
 he stood and took his son in his arms . 
 amanda hugged isaac . 
 paul stood back and marveled at the tall , lean , well-tanned men standing before him . 
 they had left six months before as boys , but the arduous regime had done them both well . 
 `` congratulations , special envoy of the new president . 
 very cool , dad , '' matt offered . 
 `` isaac , your dad sends his best and wanted me to tell you the he wished you both could have been there . '' 
 paul referred to his brother john 's quick marriage to julie . 
 `` we 'll have a huge party when this is all over , trust me . '' 
 `` i hear through the grapevine that you and amanda are made for each other . 
 i 'm happy for you . 
 you deserve it after all that has gone on . 
 and uncle john too , '' matt said . 
 `` that 's right , uncle paul , '' isaac added . 
 `` you and my dad earned some happiness in your life . 
 i 'm glad you 've both finally found it . '' 
 `` we reported to general gale before coming over here . 
 he said we were to report now to his headquarters . 
 we 're assigned to s-2 , that 's the intelligence section for the army . 
 we 'll be handling prisoners and stuff like that , so you do n't need to worry about us , '' matt said . 
 `` i 'm not worried , but both of you watch each other 's back and come back home safe , '' paul offered . 
 he and amanda were scheduled to leave so they said their goodbyes . 
 paul noticed that amanda spent extra time saying goodbye . 
 * * * reaching cheyenne had taken longer than they expected . 
 with the chinese acting aggressive , ed had ordered them to head north by car before catching a flight east . 
 the added ground travel delayed their arrival back at the temporary capital . 
 for paul , he had to relay the general 's request the next day and that weighed on him . 
 he understood the consequences and dreaded being the messenger . 
 it would be the president who would make the final decision . 
 at the cabinet meeting , paul waited to report on his trip . 
 he listened as the other members of the administration presented their status reports on their departments . 
 the critical one was the defense department . 
 when the defense department secretary was finished , the president began the questions . 
 `` are we ready to declare our maritime exclusion zones , mr. secretary ? '' 
 `` mr. president . 
 we have worked hard getting our nuclear subs back to ready status . 
 we have four boomers operational with two currently on station as you directed . 
 we have nine nuclear attack subs on station or moving to their patrol areas . 
 we 'll have four more operational shortly to cover the east coast from enemy aggression . '' 
 `` good . 
 and our carrier battle groups . 
 are we still talking three operational , besides the one already off oregon ? '' 
 the president asked . 
 `` yes , mr. president . 
 getting the supporting ships ready has been the problem . 
 we have prioritized on the subs , sir , but i expect two more battle groups soon . 
 but without functional west coast bases for support , even servicing the ones we have is going to be a problem . 
 everett and bremerton were almost totally destroyed during the chaos out there , '' the defense secretary offered . 
 `` i know . 
 we 're moving as much material as we can out to the puget sound area . 
 but the demand on our trains for everything else is limiting what we can do , '' the vice president said . 
 he and his staff had been assigned the task of prioritizing the trains in the country . 
 with the demands for food , electrical transformers , military equipment and personnel , his staff was strained to the maximum . 
 `` you and your staff are doing a herculean job . 
 i know because i check regularly , '' the president offered . 
 `` then its set . 
 i 'll announce three maritime exclusion zones today . 
 the uas will enforce an exclusion to all shipping in three areas . 
 the first is the existing one on the west coast of north america , from the tip of baja north to eureka , california . '' 
 the second exclusion zone would take in the north island of new zealand . 
 the third zone would cover the entire australia coast except for the part between adelaide and sydney . 
 any ship found within two hundred miles of the coast in those areas would be sunk with no warning . 
 also , those same exclusion zones would be subject to naval mines at the discretion of the uas and its allies . 
 paul looked to the president for an answer to general gale 's request . 
 the president hesitated . 
 the defense secretary urged him to make the right decision . 
 `` mr. president , we need to let the chinese know that if they choose to escalate the fight , then we are prepared to meet force with overwhelming force . '' 
 `` i know . 
 it 's just such a dangerous decision . 
 if they decide to go nuclear , the consequences would be unimaginable , '' the president said . 
 `` and if we do n't state our policy right now , then ignorance on their part might make that decision easier for them to make . 
 we need to emphasize the stakes involved before the shooting really starts , sir , '' the defense secretary said . 
 paul had mixed emotions about this himself . 
 when ed first brought it up he understood the need to have the threat out in the open , but to finally make the move and make it known to the chinese was huge . 
 how would they take such a policy ? 
 he wondered . 
 defeating the fanatical japanese in world war ii had taken the threat of total extinction of the japanese people to get them to stop . 
 the chinese had a similar mindset , with a whole lot more people . 
 they might view the nuclear option as winnable , considering how many more people they had compared to the uas . 
 `` i do n't think we have any other option . 
 if they launch a nuclear strike , we will retaliate but only stronger . 
 one of their missiles will get five of ours in return , '' the defense secretary said . 
 `` and if they try to nuke one of our battle groups , same equalization . 
 five to one . '' 
 `` i do n't see any other way to keep our fight conventional . 
 i just do n't know what will happen when they realize they are about to lose . 
 and i 'll be sure to include the kiwis and the aussies in that policy , '' the president said . 
 `` i 've received confirmation on that from both prime ministers . 
 their cities count just like they were american cities . 
 nuke one , and we answer . '' 
 the health secretary finally spoke up . 
 `` we 're putting our people at risk of nuclear annihilation for those people down under . 
 are we sure that the voters would go along with that ? '' 
 `` first , almost all of our large cities are already ghost towns . 
 ` the pulse ' did a very efficient job of killing the large urban centers . 
 so what 's left ? 
 nuking boise or omaha ? '' 
 the defense secretary asked . 
 `` hardly worth china 's effort . '' 
 the entire cabinet froze at the comment . 
 paul started to say something defending boise when the president cut him off . 
 `` mr. secretary . 
 i will note that our larger cities are empty , but i can assure you we would miss boise or even missoula as much as we would la. . 
 maybe more . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , mr. president if i spoke out of turn , but the chinese are probably in a similar state . 
 their urban areas are probably empty as well , '' the dense secretary offered . 
 `` unless they were more prepared than we were . 
 they certainly were prepared with ships to land troops and settlers here and on our friends down under . 
 maybe their cities carried on without a glitch . 
 i 'll point out that houston and dallas barely experienced much disruption , '' paul said . 
 `` texas only came on board a couple years ahead of ` the pulse ' and they managed to harden their grid sufficiently enough to keep things under control . 
 are the chinese any less thoughtful ? 
 i doubt it . 
 they are notorious for taking the long-term look . '' 
 the cabinet continued the discussion late into the night . 
 the president was scheduled to give his radio address the next day . 
 consequently , paul got home late . 
 * * * `` bad day ? 
 i can tell , '' amanda offered . 
 `` i have some food ready . 
 go take a hot shower and you can unwind . 
 paul dragged himself into the bedroom and undressed . 
 he came to the conclusion that running a nation was much too stressful for him . 
 he missed his little college life back in boise . 
 lecturing young people and debating the economic theories of life was what sustained him . 
 he could n't think of anything he 'd rather be doing . 
 after showering , he walked into the kitchen in his robe . 
 he took amanda in his arms to thank her for the support she provided . 
 paul was n't sure he could have done it without her and he wanted her to know . 
 he sat down to the dinner amanda had prepared and ate like someone who had n't eaten in a week . 
 he suddenly realized how famished he was . 
 chapter 34 reno , nevada the president 's radio address was broadcast through the loudspeakers at the reno airport . 
 the announcer had introduced the president with the statement that the same speech was being beamed around the world on all available frequencies so that all nations were made aware of the impending changes in shipping . 
 the airmen of the 8th air wing of the uas air force listened intently in their ready room at the air base located at the reno airport . 
 a-10 ` warthog ' planes were ready for action as f-15 's flew cover over the reno area . 
 with the hostile chinese forces on the other side of the sierras , the air force had been on alert for possible enemy action . 
 the 2nd fighter squadron had scrambled four jets to intercept a reported enemy sighting over lake tahoe that morning and they were just returning to base . 
 as two jet fighters lined up on the long runway , the other two jets did another circle over virginia city , making sure no bogies were waiting . 
 the air force commander entered the ready room . 
 the men all rose from their seats and stood at attention . 
 `` right . 
 the president has announced our maritime exclusion zones . 
 he has also announced our national policy on the use of nuclear weapons . 
 that leaves me to tell you that today the air force is launching two satellites to take up positions over the pacific . 
 we will have gps again by noon today over the entire pacific basin . '' 
 the pilots talked among themselves over this development . 
 they had been flying the old-fashion way for over a year now . 
 that the air force could get rockets and satellites up in space was impressive . 
 `` just so you 'll know , our contractors worked around the clock to get these two satellites ready . 
 missile command busted a hump getting a couple minuteman rockets out of wyoming ready as launch vehicles . 
 they had to pull the missiles from the silo , remove the nukes and then transport them to florida for launch , '' the commander said . 
 `` and kudos to the army for securing the cape kennedy area so the launches could take place . '' 
 the launching of the satellites was a huge factor in the effort to get the chinese back to china . 
 with satellite navigation as well as communication , the armed forces of the uas were much more capable . 
 but it was not without risk since china had spent considerable time and money developing methods to shoot down satellites . 
 more satellites and launch vehicles were in the pipeline , but the two being put up today would allow operations in california to proceed . 
 the commander laid out the tasks . 
 air supremacy over california was the first order of the day . 
 once the chinese red air force was eliminated , then the uas air force would go to work chewing up the ground forces . 
 with the maritime exclusion zone just announced , the u.s. navy would sink any supplies of men or material from reaching california . 
 without resupply , the chinese armed forces in california would quickly start to die . 
 wars are notoriously wasteful events , and the side with the best logistics usually won . 
 when the chinese lost all their logistical support , they would lose the war . 
 `` you guys who flew desert storm know the drill . 
 tonight the f-117 's go in and take down the air defense systems . 
 with the satellites back up , cruise missiles will take out the command and control centers . 
 then we hit them with the predators and the global hawks , '' the commander said . 
 `` at day break , the eagles and the falcons go in , '' referring to the f-15 and f-16s . 
 `` when do the ` hog ' drivers take a turn ? '' 
 an a-10 pilot asked . 
 `` you boys will have your fun as soon as the red air force is neutered . 
 then give them hell . 
 remember , these bastards thought they could get away with grabbing the west coast when we were down on the mat . 
 remind them who they 're dealing with , '' the commander emphasized . 
 * * * general ed gale sat that night in his headquarters and watched the large display . 
 with the satellites up and running the day before , he had real-time information being fed into his hardened computers . 
 the display said it all . 
 ed watched as the green blips of an f-117 flew in from nellis air force base and maneuvered around the hot zones of the chinese sam sites . 
 the radars for the surface-to-air missiles were switching on and off trying to avoid sending a signal long enough for acquisition by the americans . 
 it was useless . 
 the american forces had experienced such tactics over iraq when they had crushed saddam hussein 's iraq air force . 
 the f-117 opened its bomb bay doors and released two hellfire missile from its internal bomb bay . 
 the display registered the missiles ' flight to where a chinese radar had just recently shown its location . 
 the signal never turned on again . 
 two more missiles were released and another sam site disappeared . 
 all the time the f-117s were loitering over california , computer images of the chinese air defenses were being beamed back to an airborne control center . 
 a boeing 707 passenger jet , converted into an electronic warfare center , gathered all the information . 
 soon , orders were being issued directly to the cruise missiles both in nevada and out at sea . 
 admiral bud lanciani 's battle group was off the northern california coast receiving the intel updates . 
 the cruiser u.s.s. virginia loaded coordinates into the missile computers . 
 as the f-117s were leaving the area , the cruise missiles blasted out of their tubes into the night sky . 
 the glare of the launch soon faded as the small jet engines settled into a steady low altitude flight toward their target . 
 arriving from both the east and the west , the chinese only had seconds of warning as the warheads ripped the targets apart . 
 the americans had done their work on interviewing every refugee that had escaped the chinese held areas . 
 information on where command centers were located had been gathered . 
 when the day approached to launch the attack , special forces had been inserted ahead of time into california to confirm the chinese main bases . 
 these same forces were now located nearby to offer laser guidance to munitions arriving by air . 
 the drones were the third prong of the attack . 
 again , hellfire missiles aboard the uavs found their targets as pilots sitting at consoles in nevada guided their charges to their targets . 
 `` well , that should certainly blind the bastards , '' general gale said . 
 `` good enough to get the wild weasels to work , '' the air force liaison officer said . 
 he referred to the electronic warfare planes that lead the attack planes into battle . 
 their job was to identify and disrupt any remaining air defense assets while the attack planes took them out . 
 `` the navy have their ea-6s ready to lead their super hornets attack planes , sir . '' 
 `` as a former a-6 pilot flying off carriers , those ew guys are a godsend , '' ed said . 
 shortly after the drone attacks were finished , the display lit up as the fighters and bombers all registered on the display . 
 the americans were throwing an air armada at the chinese . 
 `` and we have good iff protocol going ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` we do n't need the air force flyboys shooting down the navy today . '' 
 `` friend or foe id is up and running , sir . '' 
 with our awac planes and the navy 's hawkeye planes aloft , they can handle the traffic . 
 in iraq we had multiple nations flying sorties and we had three times the planes flying . 
 i 'm afraid we still have n't recovered fully from p-day , sir , '' the air force officer said . 
 `` as long as it 's enough to clear the skies . 
 my men are antsy to get to our uninvited guests , '' ed said . 
 `` i expect four days of air sorties will do the trick . 
 the chinese have nowhere to run , unlike the iraqis who flew their planes into iran . 
 and no one is coming to their rescue , as long as the navy does its job . '' 
 the air force liaison was right on the money . 
 ed watched all four days as attack after attack was launched on the chinese . 
 he walked outside at times to watch planes flying out of redding to the north cross over his position heading south . 
 he did n't envy the forces underneath such attacks . 
 the punishment must be brutal . 
 but they asked for it , he thought . 
 on the fourth day , as he went over the next day 's opening of the ground phase with his commanders , the radio operator brought him news . 
 a chinese attack sub had penetrated the defensive screen of the enterprise battle group and had launched a torpedo attack . 
 he rushed to the radio and called up the admiral . 
 `` admiral , what 's the situation ? 
 how bad ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` we 're still operational , general , but we lost the u.s.s. perry with heavy casualties , '' admiral lanciani reported . 
 ed remembered the u.s.s. perry was a frigate . 
 it had been named after oliver hazard perry , hero of the battle of lake erie . 
 the admiral continued , `` we 're investigating how the chinese got so close , but the torpedo was aimed for the enterprise . 
 the commander of the ` perry ' put his ship in harms way and took the hit . 
 it got blown out of the water , breaking it 's back . 
 it quickly sank in two pieces '' `` and the crew ? '' 
 `` we rescued twelve - out of a crew of one hundred and twenty , '' bud answered . 
 `` and three of the survivors are bad . 
 do n't know if they 'll make it . 
 but the chinese paid . 
 we took out the sub . 
 actually two of them . 
 seems that one was a decoy that allowed the other to creep in . 
 we 'll change our search patterns . 
 you can be sure it wo n't happen again . '' 
 ed signed off . 
 over one hundred good men killed , he thought . 
 he knew bud lanciani . 
 he would push his sailors hard so that the sacrifice that the perry had made to protect the u.s.s. enterprise would not be in vain . 
 and bud would make sure that a mix-up like that did n't happen again . 
 that night ed could n't sleep . 
 he paced his tent for an hour and finally decided to check on his troops . 
 ed knew they would also be anxious to get started . 
 picking up his bodyguards , he walked over to a nearby unit . 
 in spite of the early morning hour , everyone was awake . 
 `` colonel , the men seem anxious to go . 
 any problems ? '' 
 ed asked colonel schmol . 
 schmol had been with the general since leaving missoula . 
 as commander of task force delta , he had fought across the state of washington and was ready to take his montana and idaho volunteers into battle . 
 `` no problems , sir . 
 the men are more than ready . 
 they 're just gripping that the air force wo n't leave anything for them , '' schmol answered . 
 `` i can assure them that the chinese will provide a lively reception . '' 
 `` they better . 
 i have n't hung around here this whole time for them to roll over like those pussies up in seattle . '' 
 ed recognized the voice . 
 it was sergeant wilder , of the motorcycle scouts . 
 `` sergeant . 
 happy to see you and your men still with us . 
 have n't let the regular army troops scare you off , eh ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` shi - , i mean shoot , general . 
 those ` mean green ' clowns did n't scare me in vietnam , i 'm sure not going to let them get in my way here , '' wilder retorted . 
 `` besides , i hear through the grapevine that commander z and that bitch woman of his are back at it in the bay area . 
 after what they did to those poor people in seattle , i want to personally get my hands on them . '' 
 `` well , sergeant , we need to first suppress the enemy before personal vendettas can be accommodated , '' ed admonished . 
 `` i , too , want to bring to justice the criminals that preyed upon the populace . '' 
 `` roger that , sir . 
 kill the chinese before i go after the thugs , '' the sergeant offered . 
 `` i do believe i have the order right now . '' 
 ed slapped the sergeant on the back . 
 he knew he was only half kidding . 
 but wilder represented the majority of his troops in the field . 
 they wanted justice served for their country against the invaders , and for their lost family and friends against the native criminals . 
 as commanding general of army group north , ed had two infantry divisions and two armored divisions under his command , but that was only the regular army troops . 
 he also had about a brigade-sized unit of volunteers . 
 the area around reno , designated army group east , had four infantry divisions , one of which was mechanized . 
 down in arizona , army group south had two infantry and two armored divisions . 
 only ed 's group still contained citizen soldiers that had volunteered after ` the pulse ' . 
 the other commanders had sent their volunteers home . 
 luckily , the national command had transported these dismissed volunteers back east . 
 they were beginning operations to bring stability to the northeast . 
 soon the entire former continental united state would be secure . 
 the eastern provinces of canada could ask for assistance once new england was secure . 
 the western provinces were already secure and part of the uas . 
 but ed realized that he would have to make a concerted effort to make sure all of his troops handled themselves professionally . 
 the chinese had shown their propensity to double deal . 
 if the troops lost discipline , things could get ugly . 
 ed lingered in the area watching the volunteers mount up for the coming attack . 
 he turned and hurried back to his command center . 
 as he walked into the tent , he noticed all the blips on the big screen . '' 
 we 're getting lively out there , sir , '' ed 's adjutant said . 
 ed sat down and waited . 
 his commanders knew their jobs . 
 although he had n't known them long , the experience most of them had received in afghanistan and iraq would come through now . 
 after all , they were fighting to free americans now . 
 chapter 35 richmond , virginia paul sat and shook as the c-130 flew east through the unsettled fall weather . 
 he was ready for the president to get more comfortable transport . 
 they were riding with the attorney general and the treasury secretary back to richmond to meet with the defense secretary . 
 the volunteer army from around the country was rapidly moving up the east coast and bringing security to what was left of the northeast . 
 reports had been coming in to the national capital in cheyenne of what the troops were finding . 
 the president had decided to let the new senate , house and national council stay in cheyenne . 
 they needed time to settle into their new roles of setting policies for the union of american states . 
 one of their first orders of business concerned setting the policy for new states to join the twenty seven that had passed the new constitution . 
 the states that had been liberated from the chaos and those states now being liberated still did not have functional state governments . 
 security was being provided by troops from the uas . 
 but a trip to richmond by the president and part of his cabinet would allow him to catch up on two critical issues . 
 the plane circled around trying to avoid the severe weather over virginia . 
 the big cargo plane bounced and swayed as the violent thermals inside the clouds threw the plane . 
 paul lowered his head and breathed hard to keep his stomach down . 
 just when he thought he could hold on no longer , a severe thump and bounce announced their arrival . 
 the propellers raced to slow the plane as it careened down the runway . 
 paul was thrown sideways as the plane finally slowed and then turned to taxi to the hanger . 
 the pilot shut down the engines and stepped into the main cargo bay . 
 `` sorry about that , mr. president . 
 we did our best avoiding the big ones , '' the air force pilot offered . 
 `` colonel , it took me back to my time in the navy , landing on carriers . 
 any landing you can walk away from is a good landing , i think the old adage goes , '' the president replied . 
 `` yes , sir , we 'll do better on the return flight , '' the pilot said . 
 `` i know you will . 
 and thank you for a good job getting us here , '' the president said . 
 paul was n't so sure . 
 he looked across the cargo bay and saw that amanda was feeling the effects of the flight worse than he was . 
 the men gathered their belongings and headed for the door . 
 paul stood up and walked over to amanda . 
 he placed his hand on her head . 
 `` paul , coming ? '' 
 `` right there , mr. president . '' 
 `` take your time . 
 we 'll meet you at the hotel . '' 
 `` ohhhh , i barely hung on to lunch on that one . 
 just let me die right here , '' amanda said . 
 `` take your time . 
 nothing happens ` til tomorrow . '' 
 `` having trouble ? '' 
 the c-130 crew member asked . 
 `` that was a rough one . '' 
 `` we 'll be alright . 
 just let us be for a few minutes till she gets her stomach reattached . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 we 're here ` til the president needs us , '' the crew member said . 
 `` i 'll get out of here and leave you folks alone . '' 
 the pilot had returned to the cockpit to do the after-flight check with the co-pilot , and the crew had exited the plane . 
 amanda and paul were alone in the big cargo bay . 
 paul sat down next to amanda and put his arm around her . 
 `` these are the days i wonder why i 'm not back in boise enjoying a nice fall hike in the front range , '' amanda mumbled . 
 `` because the country needs us right now . 
 we have to get things started right for the nation to have a chance at returning to the great country it once was , '' paul said . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 but will we someday get to settle down at home and enjoy simpler things ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 what was she saying ? 
 paul thought . 
 their relationship had been accelerated by the initial chaos following ` the pulse ' . 
 ever since , they had gone from one emergency to another as their life together revolved around the survival of the country . 
 now amanda talked about normalcy . 
 was she saying that she wanted them to be together after all of this ? 
 paul wondered . 
 the two of them had avoided talking much about their future . 
 instead , they had concentrated on the country 's future . 
 while the physical aspect of their life together was wonderful , the stress of life after p-day had overwhelmed more personal thoughts . 
 paul had seen ` the pulse ' affect his brother and his relationship with julie . 
 even though the two had married and were expecting their baby in the winter , julie still seemed in shock . 
 finding herself alone on the opposite end of the country from her family had left her alone and vulnerable . 
 that john took her with him on leaving oregon had allowed her to settle where it was safe . 
 paul often wondered , with more normalcy springing up around the country , if john and julie would still want to spend their lives together . 
 he wondered if he and amanda would feel the same as life reverted into a more mundane existence . 
 survival is a powerful motive , and once that is secured , people have the luxury to look at life differently , he thought . 
 he looked at the beautiful woman that was cradled in his arms . 
 he would miss her . 
 if she realized the world was not going to end , amanda might decide that life had limitless opportunities . 
 would one of those include him ? 
 he wondered . 
 * * * the eight o’clock meeting started promptly . 
 the president and his cabinet members were in session with the ewing commission to receive the preliminary findings . 
 charged with discovering the culprits who had profited from the enormous credit bubble that had been created in the 1990s , the ewing commission was ready to name names . 
 john ewing opened the session . 
 his fellow commission members were to his left and right . 
 `` mr. president , the commission is honored by your presence here today . 
 i can assure you that the findings of the commission will make your effort worthwhile . '' 
 opposite him was the president and his cabinet members . 
 paul sat in the second row of chairs right behind the president . 
 he noticed his brother was a little nervous . 
 `` the staff will hand out our preliminary ` executive summary ' for your review . 
 it is not finalized as of yet , but the commission feels the importance of the findings warrant its early release , '' john said . 
 `` thank you , dr. ewing . 
 i understand that a large number of the individuals involved are incarcerated here in richmond , '' the president said . 
 `` yes , mr. president . 
 with the volunteer army occupying the northeast , the final perpetrators of the financial collapse of 2008 are turning up . 
 the ` wanted for treason ' deck of cards has been very popular with the troops , '' john said . 
 `` but i 'm afraid the fifty-two individuals on the cards are only the tip of the iceberg . 
 as you can see in our report , we have identified four hundred and thirty people that we 've marked for further investigation . 
 some are sitting in petersburg federal prison outside richmond . '' 
 `` four hundred and thirty ? 
 that many ? '' 
 the president asked . 
 `` we 've named the worst offenders the ` bad ninety nine ' , so to speak . 
 ninety nine that should definitely be held accountable to the american public for crimes against the nation . 
 as of right now , we have sixty-one in custody , '' john said . 
 `` your suggestion to offer amnesty , removing the death penalty for treason , shook a lot loose . 
 if they turn themselves in and show us where their assets are hidden , then the death penalty is off the table . 
 if we have to track them down , no deal . '' 
 `` good . 
 the public was livid back before ` the pulse ' about this , and the mayhem they 've suffered since has n't put them in a forgiving mood , '' the president said . 
 `` no , sir , mr. president . 
 with the chaos in new york city , a lot of records have been compromised . 
 the backup files here in virginia have yielded valuable information you can use for prosecution , '' john said . 
 the attorney general perked up with that information . 
 before his present position , he had been a state prosecutor in nebraska , a state hit hard by the credit collapse . 
 with the new constitution , he had been appointed by the nebraska governor to a senate seat . 
 the senate had elevated him to the cabinet where he was selected as the nation 's top law enforcement official . 
 the ag said , `` i know the paper trail is substantial . 
 i 've received reports from your staff on a regular basis apprising me of the commission 's progress . 
 my compliments to your team for their hard work . '' 
 `` i 'd like to report that all the really big fish have been caught , but i 'm afraid the net for them is coming up empty . 
 the bulgarian billionaire seems to have slipped out of the country . 
 and the former treasury secretary that shoved the bailout down the banks ` throat ' is nowhere to be seen , '' john said . 
 `` but we are confident that he was able to escape new york city when it went down . 
 we can assume that by the time we reach northern maine , he 'll be found . '' 
 `` how about the federal reserve chairman that manipulated the banks in order to float money to save the hedge fund called long term capital ? 
 when that first came to light back in the early 90s , i almost kicked my television into the next county , '' the new treasury secretary asked . 
 the new treasury secretary had been the comptroller for a large colorado beer company . 
 she had been elected to the house by colorado 's voters and had been selected as a house of representative 's appointment to the cabinet . 
 her fellow cabinet members had selected her as treasury secretary . 
 she was the first in a very long time who had not been directly tied to wall street . 
 paul remembered the long term capital fiasco . 
 he had experienced similar frustration at the time . 
 dubbed ` too big to fail ' , ltc was rescued by the strong arm of the federal reserve , forcing banks into making loans to keep the hedge fund solvent . 
 the fund was then quietly liquidated after the initial crisis was forgotten . 
 but the lasting effect was that the ` moral hazard ' that kept capitalism honest was shattered . 
 if politically powerful firms knew that the federal government would bail them out if they got into trouble , then they would take inordinate risks with their capital . 
 capitalism only worked if there were ` winners and losers ' , paul thought . 
 take the risk of investments away through political connections , and the powerful would run wild . 
 and they had run wild , creating the largest ` credit bubble ' in the history of the world . 
 the depression that had been coming following the financial collapse of 2008 just happened to be overrun by ` the pulse ' . 
 `` the past two federal reserve chairmen have been located and are sitting in cells . 
 one was captured trying to escape . 
 he had disguised himself , since his photo was on one of the playing cards . 
 fortunately , his famous celebrity wife refused to cover up her looks . 
 he was discovered because people recognized his wife , '' john said . 
 `` vanity will get you every time , '' the treasury secretary said . 
 `` mr. president , i can assure you from my staff reports on the extent of the evidence gathered so far by the commission that we are looking at major convictions . 
 and with one hundred million dead americans linked to these treasonous acts , i will seek the death penalty , '' the attorney general said . 
 `` but what of those who have complied with our amnesty offer ? '' 
 the president asked . 
 `` yes , sir , we will make exceptions for fully cooperating individuals who are forthright in their disclosure , '' the attorney general said . 
 the meeting went over the other major individuals that the commission had identified . 
 the final group of perpetrators was left to staffers to review as the meeting wound down . 
 after the meeting ended , the president asked to meet privately with john . 
 he motioned to paul to join them . 
 `` john , great work . 
 i ca n't thank you enough for working through this . 
 bringing the ` wall street ' criminals to justice is even more important than pursuing the thugs who destroyed our cites . 
 these crimes are even worse in that they supposedly held our nations best interests , '' the president said . 
 `` we expected better from them . '' 
 paul jumped in , `` but mr. president , i 'll quote from one of my favorite authors . 
 p. j. o’rourke often takes a bit of a cynical view of life . 
 he certainly did when he said , and i quote , ` blaming wall street for being greedy is like blaming prostitutes for getting paid ' those words hit home and remind us of the duty of government . '' 
 `` yes , i agree . 
 do n't forget the connivance of the federal bureaucracy . 
 we have laid out the criminals in washington d.c. who were charged to protect the nation . 
 they failed miserably . 
 they need to stand to accounts , too . '' 
 john offered . 
 `` we wo n't forget them . 
 they were supposed to protect the public , and through incompetence or collusion , they are twice as guilty . '' 
 the president was visibly angry at the mention of the federal government 's involvement in the whole sordid deal . 
 but paul did n't want the main point to be missed in the discussion . 
 `` but while we are punishing the guilty , never forget that it was government interference in the market place that caused many of the problems . 
 we have to keep our system as free-market-oriented as possible . 
 yes , people will suffer losses but they will remember the pain and be more conservative with their money in the future . '' 
 `` we 'll do our best limiting government , paul , `` the president said , and then continued . 
 `` but we have another problem tied to this one . 
 the united states issued many securities prior to the collapse . 
 notes and bonds valued in the trillions were sold to various investors . 
 as a new nation , we do not have a legal obligation to repay those loans . 
 but as a new nation , we do have a moral commitment to make an honest effort to repay legitimate claims . '' 
 the president asked john if he would continue on with his commission to determine who the most legitimate creditors of the former u.s.a. were . 
 while there was no money at present to take on such a challenge , at some time in the near future the president was hopeful that some redress would be possible . 
 `` mr. president , i 'm certainly at your service , '' john said . 
 `` but with one caveat , if i may . 
 do i have permission to move the commission to boise ? 
 i 'd like to go home evenings and see my new bride . '' 
 `` i can appreciate your desire to work out of boise . 
 i 'll instruct my staff to write up a formal change in venue today , '' the president said . 
 `` might i make a similar request , mr. president ? '' 
 paul retorted . 
 the president jumped , `` you do not have a new bride at home . 
 sorry , you 're tied to me for the duration . '' 
 the three idahoans laughed . 
 each one missed their home state and longed to return to it . 
 one would presently be there . 
 the other two had work to do . 
 chapter 36 richmond , virginia as the idahoans enjoyed some downtime telling stories about life in the gem state , they were interrupted by a knock at their door . 
 john opened the door to find the president 's aide standing there with a note . 
 john passed the note to the president . 
 `` well , it appears this note is for you , john . '' 
 john took the note and read it . 
 `` may i be excused , mr. president ? '' 
 `` yes , of course . 
 i need to meet with my army commanders right now anyway . '' 
 john quickly left the room . 
 the president motioned to paul that he should follow his brother . 
 paul and john walked down to the room and knocked on the door . 
 a secret service agent opened the door . 
 `` we have to watch all unknown individuals in the vicinity of the president . 
 i 'll stand outside the door . '' 
 john and paul walked in . 
 seated in a chair was a man who might have about thirty , but from his looks , the man could have been sixty . 
 his clothes were torn and his body was emaciated . 
 he had n't shaved or had a hair cut in some time . 
 from the smell , bathing had n't been part of this man 's life either . 
 `` may i help you ? 
 the president 's aide seemed to think you may have business with me ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` my name is kevin shepardson . 
 my sister is julie shepardson , '' the man offered . 
 `` julie 's brother . 
 you 're alive ! 
 how did you find me ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` when i was captured by a company of idaho volunteers in pennsylvania , i remembered her writing me about her professor at the university of oregon . 
 luckily i knew your name . 
 when i mentioned it to my captors , they informed me that you were in richmond , '' kevin said . 
 `` she 'll be so excited that you 're alive . 
 we assumed all her family was dead , '' john said . 
 `` they are . 
 i 'm the only one who survived . 
 i 've been doing what i needed to do to survive in pennsylvania . '' 
 `` have you been arrested by the troops for any criminal activity ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` no . 
 life in pennsylvania has had no right and wrong for the last year . 
 it was kill or be killed . 
 life was simple in a certain way . 
 if the troops round up everyone who broke the law over the last year , there would be no one left , '' kevin said . 
 paul offered to scare up some food and clean clothes . 
 the room had a shower , so john waited while kevin cleaned up . 
 a razor took kevin 's extra hair away . 
 everything was bagged up in a plastic bag for burning . 
 soon a clean and hairless kevin ate his first real meal in a year . 
 he began to relate life behind the chaotic lines . 
 when ` the pulse ' hit , like everywhere , life stopped for everyone . 
 but unlike paul and john 's experience in idaho , civil society did not overcome adversity . 
 in maryland , kevin soon found out that a huge tear in the social fabric let many undesirable things through . 
 within the first week , life in the suburbs of washington d.c. had become untenable . 
 kevin 's parents had never returned home from their jobs in washington . 
 both had worked in the federal bureaucracy and were away on assignment when ` the pulse ' hit . 
 kevin had no idea where they had been . 
 after four days the food that was in the house ran out . 
 kevin and a friend from next door teamed up to find more . 
 the friend was also alone when his father failed to return from the city . 
 his parents had divorced and his mother had moved to new york city . 
 luckily , the friend 's father had worked for the fbi . 
 as such , the house had a number of guns that would normally have been illegal for common citizens under maryland 's tough gun laws . 
 at first , kevin 's friend was reluctant to open his father 's safe , even though he knew the combination . 
 the first gang raid into their neighborhood changed his mind . 
 by the end of the first week without power , the noise from assaults grew closer and closer . 
 the night before they left , a gang terrorized the next street over . 
 `` the screams were all we could bear . 
 we both armed ourselves , sneaked into the backyard and looked over the back wall , '' kevin stopped . 
 the thought of what they 'd seen in the other houses was still too painful for kevin to talk about . 
 `` it 's ok , kevin . 
 we 've seen and heard similar tales , '' paul said . 
 `` well , right then my friend and i knew we had to leave . 
 the gangs were too big to fight off . 
 we headed back to our houses and started packing . 
 my dad loved gardening and had one of those large garden carts . 
 we packed all the things we thought we 'd need into it , '' kevin related . 
 kevin told of their decision to head to a farm in pennsylvania , near gettysburg . 
 it belonged to the family of his college roommate and kevin had spent a couple of summers working the farm . 
 it took a week to hike there . 
 `` before we left we went next door to a family that we both had known for years . 
 we knocked on their door to tell them we were leaving and they should join us . 
 the mother with two daughters had been hoping that her husband would make it home , '' kevin said . 
 `` after the previous night , we finally convinced the mom to have her two daughters join us . 
 we gave her directions to the farm , but she would n't leave . 
 she was determined to stay and wait for her husband . '' 
 `` people have been forced into making terrible choices , '' john said . 
 `` well , the daughters were adamant that they would stay with the mom . 
 we had to physically force them to leave with us . 
 it was one of the hardest things i 've ever had to do . '' 
 eventually the foursome made it to the gettysburg farm . 
 kevin explained how they dealt with the hordes of people heading north since the virginia authorities had cut off the escape south . 
 the wave of humanity trying to find food and shelter had been overwhelming to him . 
 arriving at the farm , kevin was nervous about what type of reception he and his companions would receive . 
 luckily he was greeted with open arms . 
 `` when they saw the fire power we had with us , any reluctance just evaporated . 
 their farm was in a small valley in the hills west of gettysburg . 
 there was only one small overgrown track into the farm . 
 the owners had purposely let the access get overgrown . 
 a locked metal gate at the road further limited access . 
 we quickly cut down a number of trees to seal us into the valley , '' kevin said . 
 the next few weeks started a routine that would carry them through the winter . 
 kevin 's friend had been in the army and understood securing an area . 
 he set up training in weapons and security for everyone . 
 they organized random patrols to monitor the area around them . 
 with the supply of .22 caliber ammunition that was typical of any farm , each had become tolerable marksmen . 
 to conserve ammo on the larger caliber guns , limited training took place . 
 the owners of the farm had been putting food away for years so they had adequate supplies , but they still ate conservatively since they did n't know how long the chaos would last . 
 kevin enjoyed the roving patrols each day . 
 usually he and one of the sisters would circle around the hills and inspect the surrounding countryside through their binoculars . 
 oftentimes they would run into others moving through the woods trying to escape the continuing mayhem . 
 kevin would watch from a concealed place to make sure they were n't a threat to the farm . 
 on one of his trips , kevin explained how he had found a small rock overhang that concealed a small cave . 
 he slithered on his belly into the hidden spot and found it was big enough for several people . 
 he started quietly stocking it with supplies , on the chance that the farm would become untenable . 
 by spring , the patrols found almost no life out beyond the hills . 
 the local populace was either dead or had moved to more secure climes . 
 `` do you know how long it takes to starve to death ? '' 
 kevin asked . 
 john and paul shook their heads . 
 luckily they had lived in a state where they had n't had to find out first-hand the answer to kevin 's question . 
 `` forty days . 
 that 's it . 
 a little over a month without food and you 're dead as a doorknob . '' 
 kevin answered his own question . 
 `` some go a little faster , some slower , but by at least seventy days , everyone 's dead . '' 
 the farm dwellers had voted that to offer food to their neighbors would risk their lives . 
 kevin had seen from his forays into the surrounding areas how long their neighbors took to succumb . 
 others shunned patrol duty to avoid witnessing their neighbors ' deaths . 
 but kevin and his veteran friend took responsibility for the farm seriously and overcame their revulsion at all the deaths to make sure the people at the farm stayed alive . 
 that was until late spring when the bad guys came . 
 `` we were on our usual patrol route and we had n't seen anyone in weeks . 
 the entire area seemed dead . 
 my friend and i were sitting against a tree overlooking the entrance to the valley when we heard the noise of a truck approaching , '' kevin said . 
 `` we just naturally dropped down onto the ground and pulled out the binoculars . 
 the truck came slowly up the road stopping at each residence . '' 
 kevin described how the truck moved methodically , checking each place . 
 when it got to the driveway into the valley , it stopped . 
 the two watched as one man got out and climbed over the metal gate , leaving the driver alone in the truck he proceeded up the driveway to the first fallen tree . 
 they watched as the man listened and looked up the overgrown road . 
 kevin did n't know if they should shoot them both right then . 
 they were easily in range . 
 the bodies and truck could be disposed of . 
 their companions might never learn of their fates . 
 `` the man outside signaled something and we saw the man in the truck lift a radio to his face . 
 he began talking . 
 it was too late . 
 whoever they were scouting for was now informed that something was worth a more careful look at our location . 
 we crawled away and ran back to the farm to warn them . '' 
 the rest of the story was typical of what paul had learned from others . 
 the gang soon arrived , moved up the road and found the farm . 
 kevin 's compatriots had put up a vigorous defense in their stone house , but the opposing numbers were too strong . 
 when the rocket-propelled grenade tore a huge hole in the front of the house and killed four of the defenders , kevin grabbed one of the surviving sisters and headed out the back door . 
 the two of them were the only survivors . 
 they hid in their cave for the seven days that the gang took to loot the farm of anything edible . 
 what remained , they took with them . 
 now reduced to what he had squirreled away in the cave , kevin and the younger sister fought daily to stay alive . 
 luckily he had stored a stainless steel bolt action .22 rifle ahead of time . 
 it allowed him to hunt small animals . 
 with a rocket stove to cook on , they survived on watery , wild game stew . 
 as the summer wound on , the game became harder to find , but the potato crop in the field was close to harvest . 
 the stew became thicker if not more starchy . 
 it kept them alive , at least until the gang returned . 
 the potato crop was quickly harvested and kevin was left hiding out in the cave once again . 
 `` the gang finally moved on . 
 but now the little valley was totally devoid of anything to eat . 
 i decided it was time to move to somewhere that still had some game . 
 that was a big mistake . '' 
 kevin 's eyes watered up with emotion . 
 he bent his head down to collect his thoughts before continuing . 
 `` it 's ok , kevin . 
 you do n't need to tell us . 
 we understand , '' john offered as he placed his hand on kevin 's newly shaved head . 
 `` no , i need to tell it . 
 we were crossing a high bridge on a railroad line heading west . 
 we had been following the tracks for a week or two on the assumption ohio might be better off than pennsylvania . 
 neither of us had had anything to eat for i do n't know how long . 
 we were barely able to walk . 
 i was ahead when i turned to make sure the sister was still moving . 
 she had disappeared , '' kevin said . 
 his eyes now streaming with tears . 
 `` i looked over the edge and there she was . 
 dead on the riverbank . 
 no sound . 
 no scream . 
 she just gave up and walked off the bridge . 
 and the awful thing is , i did n't even have the energy to go check on her . 
 i just turned around and kept moving west . '' 
 that was where the idaho volunteers had found him the next day . 
 lying under a highway overpass , where he had crawled to get out of the rain . 
 two days later , he was in richmond . 
 `` i want to make it up to her , and her sister . 
 and to my friends that died defending the farm . 
 and my family , who are certainly dead somewhere . 
 i do n't know how , but i need to find justice for them . 
 and for those poor wretches i had to watch slowly starve . '' 
 the sternness in kevin 's voice showed his determination . 
 * * * a request came in through military command for a representative of the new government to meet with some citizens near lake placid , new york . 
 the president asked paul to fly up and see what the trouble was and suggested that amanda might be helpful . 
 the president did n't offer much other information . 
 upon hearing of kevin 's survival , the president said that he could travel with the group . 
 amanda was n't keen to take another flight when the president offered to loan them his plane for the excursion . 
 but the violent weather of the day before had moved on , ushering in a beautiful blue sky . 
 the ride to upper new york was like riding on glass . 
 `` well , that was more like it , '' amanda exclaimed as she stepped off the plane . 
 the area commander of the uas forces was there to meet them . 
 he gave a quick briefing as they headed into lake placid . 
 `` we ran into this group two days ago . 
 at first we thought they were just another criminal gang . 
 we 've been sweeping them up regularly as we crossed the state . 
 but they raised a white flag and asked for a meeting , '' the commander offered . 
 `` turns out they 're part of an organized militia that formed right after p-day . 
 they had realized that a lot of people would be heading their way and knew the area could n't feed them all . '' 
 `` smart people . 
 with probably twenty million people within a week 's hike , they knew survival meant defending against all outsiders , '' paul said . 
 `` exactly . 
 they quickly organized and set up a formable defensive zone . 
 they had enough old vehicles still running to set up a quick response company that could counter any threats that might overwhelm their lines . 
 then they realized that folks in northern vermont , new hampshire and maine were doing the same thing . '' 
 `` so they formed a new algonquin nation , '' kevin said . 
 he referred to the confederacy of indian tribes the first colonist ran into in northern new york . 
 the algonquin nation was one of the strongest native american tribes that the early settlers had to deal with . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 and like the algonquins , they 're pissed off . 
 seems that they 're holding us personally responsibe for not showing up a year ago . 
 i figured this was a political problem . 
 i can blast them out , but it does n't seem right , '' the commander said . 
 `` no , we are n't going to blast any law-abiding citizens defending their homes , commander , '' paul said . 
 when they reached the agreed-upon meeting place , paul , amanda and kevin joined the commander in greeting the three representatives of the local militia . 
 all three were middle-aged men who kept their firearms handy . 
 the spokesman of the militia opened the talks after introductions . 
 `` so you 're the new government . 
 did n't care much about the last one . 
 so what does the new one offer ? 
 you look like you 're ready to attack us , like you 've been doing all the way across the state . '' 
 `` sir , i can assure you that we have only attacked criminal elements when we meet them . 
 if you followed our progress , you know that suppressing the gangs and bringing security for the survivors has been our priority , '' paul said . 
 `` you can bet we 've been watching you . 
 we keep our feelers well out in advance so we know who 's coming our way . 
 and you folks have taken down some nasty pieces of trash . 
 we thank you for that , '' the spokesman said . 
 `` but it 's taken you long enough . 
 my people have been hanging on by a thread . '' 
 `` well then , let us bring up a convoy of food . 
 no strings attached . 
 we do not come as conquerors . 
 we are liberating the country and offering security . 
 it might be a year late , but better late than never . 
 and trust me when i say , it could have been never . '' 
 , paul emphasized . 
 `` we 'll accept the food , but we 've voted that we are not so sure we want to accept your ` security ' . 
 we 've been doing ok on that account by ourselves , and we figure that we can only trust ourselves right now . '' 
 `` spoken like a true american . 
 we have no intention of forcing ourselves on you if you do n't wish . 
 in fact , in the areas that we have moved into , there will be free and open elections as to whether or not those areas become part of the new country . 
 if you eventually decide that going it alone is your best option , we will respect that , '' paul said . 
 he looked at the uas commander and noticed a scowl on his face . 
 obviously this was n't a popular policy in some circles , he thought . 
 but the full cabinet had decided and submitted it to the congress to place into law . 
 paul was confident that all three bodies would approve a voluntary approach to the other states and provinces . 
 `` thank you , sir . 
 i will take what you say back to my people and they can decide . 
 and thanks again for the food . '' 
 as the three men stood up to leave , amanda joined in the talk . 
 `` excuse me , but i notice that none of your women could make it to this meeting . 
 may i return with you so i could meet with them ? '' 
 `` lady , they do what we say , '' the leader said . 
 but the other two men quietly took him aside and whispered something . 
 `` well it seems that my friends here are a little more liberated than i am . 
 they agree that you can join us . '' 
 what was she doing ? 
 paul thought . 
 he could n't guarantee her safety if she was with this militia group by herself . 
 paul started to panic and the uas commander began to protest , but kevin stopped them both . 
 `` perhaps i could join you . 
 i 've been fighting my personal survival battle myself and i might offer a perspective that would be beneficial , '' kevin offered . 
 the leader again spoke , `` sure , why not . 
 you look like you just stepped out of hell . 
 and besides , you wo n't eat much from the looks of you . '' 
 amanda told paul not to worry , that she would just be staying with honest americans . 
 she and kevin waved as they headed up the road in the back of the militia 's jeep . 
 that was great negotiating , paul thought . 
 i gave up my girlfriend and my brother-in-law and what was it i got ? 
 i 'm not cut out for this stuff . 
 * * * a convoy of food was delivered the next day , much to the disgust of the uas commander . 
 he reminded paul that now , if he had to subdue the militia , they would be well fed and have hostages . 
 the commander might be right , paul thought . 
 but two days after the food delivery , the result he hoped for arrived in the form of amanda and kevin . 
 they both were glad to report that from amanda 's discussions with the women and kevin 's recount of his survival and rescue by uas troops , the new country and its government could be trusted after all . 
 word had been relayed by a rudimentary phone network through the north country that the arriving troops were to be trusted . 
 paul informed the commander that he could continue his advance with only minimum security on his left flank . 
 the militias of the four states would assure communication between the two forces . 
 paul and his party flew back to richmond to get an update on the entire country . 
 the northeast was now on its way back to a new normalcy . 
 the army that moved up the east coast through philadelphia and new york city had met the forces that had found kevin . 
 they had moved across southern pennsylvania and joined with the east coast forces near waterbury , connecticut . 
 the army that paul had flown up to help negotiate a settlement had entered new york state near lake erie and had followed the new york thruway across upstate new york . 
 after its agreement with the militia , it moved swiftly across the middle of vermont and new hampshire into central maine . 
 all three forces met near portsmouth , new hampshire . 
 the president was elated that the northeast was now under uas control and that the last of the criminal gangs were being eliminated . 
 but things in california were not going as planned . 
 the c-130 once again lifted off headed to cheyenne . 
 decisions had to be made as to how far the new country would go to rid themselves of the invaders . 
 chapter 37 sacramento , california paul looked out the small window in the door of the c-130 cargo plane . 
 it was the only window in the back of the plane , and he was the only passenger . 
 amanda had decided that she had had enough flying for a while and stayed in cheyenne . 
 kevin had jumped ship in cheyenne in order to catch a train to boise to see his sister . 
 so paul 's only companion was a cargo bay full of strapped down supplies that was deemed vital to the battle taking place in the golden state . 
 off his side of the plane , paul recognized the deep blue waters of lake tahoe as they crossed the sierra nevada mountains . 
 flying beside them were two air force f-16s . 
 the plane soon pitched forward as the pilot put it into a steep dive toward the sacramento airport . 
 paul held onto the side of the plane as he made his way to his seat and buckled up . 
 after landing , the rear ramp started lowering as the engines shut down . 
 paul waited for the full daylight to hit the interior of the plane standing at the top of the ramp when he noticed his friend general ed gale standing on the tarmac . 
 `` general , good to see you . 
 i did n't expect a welcoming committee . '' 
 `` you 're not getting one . 
 i just hope you have an answer for me from the new government . 
 seems this one is n't any quicker on making a decision than the old one , '' general gale fumed . 
 `` human nature does n't change , even though the players may . 
 this is a hard decision for a new government to make . 
 i 'm sure they will reach the correct one soon , '' paul offered . 
 `` they 'd better . 
 i ca n't sit in a holding pattern for much longer . 
 you know the sharp point of the spear only works if you 're willing to stick it into your enemy . '' 
 `` if it was that simple , you 'd be sticking away . 
 it 's about the hostages that are going to get in the way of that sharp spear , '' paul said . 
 the battle of california had gone well from the start . 
 the four days of preliminary air attacks had accomplish its goal . 
 the chinese jet fighters that had lifted off the first day had been summarily destroyed by the more experienced american airmen . 
 while the chinese pilots did manage to shot down a couple of americans planes , the odds were vastly in the uas favor . 
 catching no more planes willing to challenge the skies , the americans had rendered the chinese air fields unusable . 
 again the uas air force received some casualties from ground fire as they eliminated the remaining chinese red air force . 
 once air supremacy was established , the ground attack phase began in earnest . 
 the a-10 warthogs were turned lose on the enemy formations . 
 good recon had pinpointed the location of the most loyal chinese army units . 
 only four divisions out of the entire chinese ground force were determined to be totally reliable by the chinese communist government . 
 like the units in seattle that had quickly surrendered and asked for asylum , the remaining chinese troops in california were of questionable loyalty . 
 the goal was to decimate the hardcore troops and offer leniency to their less enthusiastic compatriots . 
 it was assumed that the lesser troops would surrender quickly once the main force was defeated . 
 but that theory had n't worked out so well . 
 the air attacks had done their job on the most loyal and dangerous units , but no sign of weakening was evident from the others . 
 hence paul 's personal visit as a representative of the president . 
 general gale had asked permission to finish the job he had started . 
 the dilemma hinged on the fact that the chinese commander had pulled all his troops onto the san francisco peninsula . 
 in so doing , he had left the chinese settlers in the san joaquin valley to their own fate . 
 instead , he had grabbed as many american hostages as he could find and took them into captivity . 
 he was now threatening them if the uas forces continued their attack . 
 `` i figure they have about twenty thousand americans locked up somewhere in san francisco right now . 
 along with his troops , that amounts to over one hundred thousand mouths he has to feed each day , '' ed said . 
 `` well , we can be sure that the hostages are n't getting much nourishment . 
 and i read the reports while flying out here . 
 the navy has done its job keeping any resupply from reaching the west coast , so the chinese general is playing for time . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure what he expects to happen , but his options are slim to none . 
 i guess he 's betting on slim , '' ed said . 
 the chinese position was untenable . 
 southern california had been rolled up . 
 the few chinese forces facing the american armored thrust moving out from arizona had taken to their heels heading north . 
 the same response had been experienced by chinese forces in northern california . 
 with the best troops torn apart by air attacks , the remaining units folded and headed for home when the americans came over the horizon . 
 unfortunately , home for these units was san francisco , not china . 
 ed had asked permission to go into san francisco proper to root out the enemy . 
 it meant certain destruction of the city . 
 he would be attacking a fixed fortified line stretching across the peninsula near palo alto . 
 the general did n't have amphibious forces to do a landing behind the chinese lines so a frontal assault was his only alternative . 
 or wait them out . 
 eventually the chinese would run out of food but so too would the hostages . 
 the risk to waiting was that his troop 's morale would continue to drop . 
 waiting was bad for morale , especially when it meant waiting while americans died of starvation behind enemy lines . 
 the troops wanted to get their hands on the people who had dared to invade their country . 
 picking through starved corpses did n't have the same satisfaction as meeting your foe on the battlefield and beating him , and hawaii was yet to be liberated . 
 the same decision on hostages would still be required . 
 two days later the decision was made . 
 general gale received his green light to liberate california with all haste . 
 `` now they 're in a rush about it . 
 as long as i 've been in the military , i 've never been surprised by the duplicity of the civilian sector . 
 for once in my life i 'd like a command that could function without civilian overseers , '' ed fumed . 
 he turned and headed to his headquarters to set the attack in motion . 
 paul stood in his wake and shook his head . 
 no my friend , you never want to reach that day , he thought . 
 the wait had provided time for the chinese to strengthen their position . 
 their defense was now entrenched and would require the american troops to blast their way through multiple layers of defense . 
 a student of military history would recognize the scenario from the russian and german lines during world war ii . 
 once one defensive line was breached , another was ready and waiting to stop the attacker . 
 like the eastern front had shown , it would take days of fierce fighting to break through and reach san francisco . 
 and what was the final goal ? 
 the liberation of one american city that would end up in ruins , and the rescue of american hostages who would probably be dead by the time they reached them . 
 but as sergeant wilder of the motorcycle scouts would attest , there was the satisfaction of killing the enemy . 
 paul had run into the sergeant when he went to check on his son and nephew . 
 since there was no place left to scout , sergeant wilder had been assigned to tracking down the abandoned chinese settlers . 
 two internment camps had been hastily constructed . 
 one near fresno and another near chico . 
 wilder and his scouts would accompany the settlers to these camps . 
 that was where paul caught up with wilder , working alongside matt and isaac . 
 the two boys had shifted duty to settler internment while the army went to the attack . 
 `` isaac , how are you doing ? 
 i 'm glad to see you again , '' paul said . 
 `` hey uncle paul . 
 can you believe these guys ? 
 the chinese troops bolt big time and leave these poor farmers to their fate , '' isaac said . 
 `` well , isaac , the other option is n't so good . 
 think of your fellow americans who are trapped in san francisco with the chinese . 
 i 'm sure they wish they 'd been left alone , '' paul said . 
 `` yeah , i guess you 're right . 
 man , i would n't want to be held by these chi-comms . 
 that would bite big time . '' 
 `` yes , i 'm sure it would . 
 is matt around ? '' 
 `` oh yeah . 
 he 's over at processing with sergeant wilder . 
 man , there 's one wild dude . 
 we 've been hangin ' with him . 
 and the stories he tells ? 
 right out of spooksville , '' isaac answered . 
 `` like willie nelson , i think he 's smoked a few too many doobies since ` nam . '' 
 `` a lot of men came out of that war with some serious issues . 
 i 'm sure sergeant wilder is one of them , but i 'm sure he 's a good soldier to be around otherwise . '' 
 `` oh yeah . 
 the best . 
 matt and i have learned tons from him and his buddies . 
 you would n't believe ... '' isaac was cut short . 
 `` i 'm sure the sergeant has some interesting ideas on soldiering , but i need to track down matt right now , '' paul injected . 
 i 'm not sure i want to know anymore , he thought . 
 he left and walked to the processing center . 
 as he turned the corner of the warehouse that acted as the center 's headquarters , he noticed a commotion by the main gate of the internment area . 
 a large-long haired bearded man in a jean jacket wrestled with a woman , and unlike the chinese woman behind the wire , this woman was caucasian . 
 `` what 's going on here ? '' 
 the gate guard demanded . 
 `` i 've got her . 
 i finally got the bitch , '' the bearded man yelled as he grabbed her hair and dragged her out of the compound . 
 `` tried to disguise yourself and hide among the internees , eh ? 
 well , old sergeant wilder has been watching for you ever since seattle . 
 now you 're mine . '' 
 paul walked up and showed his governmental id to the guard and asked for an explanation . 
 he looked at the woman that wilder held upright . 
 she attempted to shrink into insignificance like any chinese peasant woman . 
 she held her head down and stared at the ground , hoping to attract as little attention as possible . 
 but sergeant wilder would have none of it . 
 he explained how he had found the infamous ` the chairwoman ' . 
 wanted for serious violent crimes against people from eugene to seattle , she had literally cut a swath of death and misery across the pacific northwest . 
 rumored to have escaped seattle with chairman z , sergeant wilder had made it a personal mission to track the two down to face justice . 
 and now he had succeeded , so it seemed . 
 `` sergeant , do you personally know that this is ` the chairwoman ' ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` sure do . 
 i got a picture of her from one of her victims in seattle who actually survived . 
 been carrying it with me ever since , '' wilder exclaimed . 
 `` me and the boys have gotten the word out and we 've been closing in on her and her boss . '' 
 `` well , let 's take a look . 
 hand me the picture and lift her face up so i can compare , please , '' paul said . 
 wilder handed over the picture and grabbed the back of her head to bring her face up . 
 `` mom ?! '' 
 a voice from behind screamed . 
 paul turned to look at his nephew coming to see what all the excitement was about . 
 paul looked back at the woman . 
 `` mary ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` aunt mary ?! '' 
 came another scream . 
 paul turned again to see matt run up . 
 the woman 's expression had changed from one of peasant passivity to a severe scowl , but she remained quiet and did not move . 
 `` you people know this wretch ? '' 
 the sergeant asked . 
 `` it 's my mom , we left her in eugene when ` the pulse ' hit . 
 she would n't leave . 
 we thought she was dead , '' isaac said . 
 `` sergeant , we believe she 's my brother 's wife . 
 at least she looks like her , '' paul offered . 
 `` dad , it 's aunt mary , '' matt said . 
 he turned to the now very agitated woman before them . 
 `` tell them . 
 you 're my aunt mary . '' 
 everyone froze as they waited for ` the chairwoman ' to answer . 
 sergeant wilder pulled a little harder on his grip on her hair to render a response . 
 still nothing . 
 she was silent . 
 `` well , if she 's been hiding in here with the other chinese , than chairman z ca n't be far behind . 
 we need to line up all the detainees and search for him , '' wilder demanded . 
 paul nodded in agreement and the guard ordered his crew to call for a lineup . 
 with a few thousand souls behind the wire , it would take some time to organize . 
 he motioned for the guard tower to call out more troops . 
 `` do n't bother , '' a voice from the middle of the swarm of chinese said . 
 the detainees quickly moved aside to reveal a caucasian man dressed as a chinese peasant . 
 he was bent over so he would n't rise above the surrounding human mass . 
 `` uncle dwight , my god , its you . 
 you 're chairman z ? '' 
 isaac asked . 
 `` what the hell kind of family have you got here ? '' 
 sergeant wilder demanded . 
 `` i do n't know , sergeant , but it does look like my brothers wife 's sisters husband , if you follow all that . 
 i only met him a couple of times , but the resemblance is uncanny , '' paul answered . 
 the man stepped forward and stood next to ` the chairwoman ' . 
 she continued to remain silent , but her scowl had turned to resignation . 
 `` look , i 'll admit to being chairman z , but i do n't know who this dwight character is , '' the man said . 
 `` but uncle dwight . 
 it 's me , isaac . 
 surely you remember when we stayed at your house in springfield . 
 i was there the summer before last for a month . 
 your sons , david and john , we all played down by island park each day . 
 you had to come down each evening and pull us off the bridge over the willamette river . 
 we 'd be under the roadway on the girders climbing across . 
 you 'd chew us out every day saying we were going to kill ourselves , but the next day we 'd be back at it , '' isaac explained . 
 `` get this damn kid away from me . 
 or let me borrow a knife and i 'll end his little bedtime story , '' chairman z screeched . 
 `` get me out of here . 
 i 'm tired of hiding out . 
 i 'm glad its over . '' 
 `` all right sergeant . 
 you and the guard escort the two of them to the holding cell in the warehouse , '' paul ordered . 
 `` we 'll have to look into this more . 
 i 'll notify cheyenne . 
 the location of these two has been the subject of much consternation there . '' 
 `` no , uncle paul . 
 you ca n't lock up my mom . 
 whatever she did , i 'm sure she did n't mean it , '' isaac pleaded . 
 sergeant wilder maintained his grip on ` the chairwoman ' and shoved her toward an adjacent building . 
 chairman z followed with the guard firmly gripping his arm . 
 `` uncle paul , do something . 
 thats my mom , i know it , '' isaac implored . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 matt asked . 
 `` they 'll be locked up ` til we get to the bottom of this . '' 
 suddenly a shot rang out followed quickly by another . 
 paul and the boys sprinted towards the sound inside the warehouse . 
 they found the sergeant and the guard standing over two dead bodies . 
 chairman z lay crumpled on the floor beside the woman . 
 ` the chairwoman ' seeped large quantities of blood from a hole in the side of her head . 
 isaac fell to his knees and cradled the woman 's body as he cried hysterically . 
 `` what the hell happened , sergeant ? '' 
 paul yelled . 
 `` damn , he was fast , '' the sergeant said . 
 there was a look of surprise on his face . 
 `` never thought someone could pull my weapon and get off two shots before i could react . 
 i guess i 'm getting old . '' 
 well , yeah . 
 you 're in your sixties , paul thought , but he kept it to himself . 
 from the look of consternation on the sergeant 's face , paul knew the man was suddenly feeling very foolish . 
 sergeant wilder explained that as he opened the cell door , chairman z grabbed the .357 magnum revolver he kept in a shoulder holster . 
 the first shot was against the side of the woman 's head and then he quickly placed the gun under his chin and pulled the trigger . 
 both died instantly from the blasts . 
 the sergeant retrieved his weapon and reholstered it . 
 the guard disappeared to get a detail to dispose of the bodies . 
 paul knew that pictures would be taken and statements collected by army personnel for the record . 
 `` come on isaac , we need to leave , '' paul implored his nephew . 
 matt bent down to help his dad get isaac out of the death zone . 
 once outside , all three pulled in the fresh air . 
 the investigators filed past them and the guard returned with a cleanup crew . 
 it would all be taken care of in a short while . 
 except for isaac . 
 he would suffer the thought of his mother and uncle gunned down violently . 
 and no matter what he could offer in response as to the real identity of the most notorious thugs to come out of ` the pulse ' , isaac would always believe it was his family . 
 another two victims of the sun 's attack on earth . 
 well isaac , they just joined the billions of victims who preceded them , paul thought . 
 chapter 38 cheyenne , wyoming early winter weather hit cheyenne as amanda made her way to the convention center . 
 it had been turned into the temporary capitol building of the union of american states . 
 the three bodies of congress met in separate rooms as each worked out the functioning of the new government . 
 the apartment that she shared with paul was a few blocks from the convention center . 
 the cold wind of a late fall snow made wyoming as pleasing as if she was ice fishing on red fish lake in the idaho sawtooth mountain range . 
 but idaho did n't get the kind of winds that wyoming experienced and amanda pulled her hood tight over her head to try and survive the short walk to her favorite restaurant . 
 the locals had finally gotten with the recent demand for good coffee and amanda had made it a ritual now to support the owner 's efforts . 
 she could make it at home , but the cafe offered good coffee and usually good company . 
 it had become the unofficial hangout of the young political types from around the country who had found themselves suddenly living in cheyenne . 
 `` ms. savage , come and join us , '' a booming voice yelled over the din of the crowd . 
 before she even turned , she recognized the voice commanding her attention . 
 `` horst petrasek , it 's been too long , '' amanda said after she gathered her coffee and walked to the back of the restaurant . 
 `` and rebecca richards , too . 
 what a surprise to see you here . '' 
 and it was a surprise to see rebecca sitting with petrasek , the power broker of texas . 
 what are these two up to ? 
 she wondered . 
 `` i just found out you 've been assigned to hear our petition of entry . 
 you are moving up , '' horst said . 
 that was true , amanda thought . 
 the president had recently appointed her as his representative to the commission that would hear requests from non-member states and provinces that wished to join the uas . 
 the uas had grown since the constitution had been ratified by the constitutional convention . 
 the constitution had been sent out to the various states and provinces for ratification . 
 once two-thirds had approved it , the new government was official . 
 each state and province then sent their senators , representatives and councilors to cheyenne . 
 the last month had seen some additional states vote on the issue . 
 the stragglers were finally showing up in wyoming . 
 of the three states that had left the convention during deliberations , oklahoma and louisiana soon made amends and quickly approved the new constitution . 
 since they had voted before the two-thirds majority vote that finalized the agreement , they were full members . 
 texas had stayed aloof . 
 large enough to be a separate country , as it once was , texas was now outside the uas borders . 
 but here was horst , sitting in cheyenne . 
 `` so , i take it you texans want to become part of the uas . 
 i 'll look forward to your presentation to the commission , '' amanda offered . 
 the commission had been established by the new congress to hear requests for admittance . 
 already on the docket were requests from vermont , new hampshire and maine . 
 those jurisdictions had held plebiscites on their future and the citizens had voted overwhelmingly to join the union of american states . 
 `` i was just explaining to ms. richards here how important texas can be to the new country . 
 we had a big contingent saying we should go it alone , but i put a halt to that talk , '' horst said . 
 amanda watched as rebecca smiled at horst . 
 rebecca had been elected to represent her district in colorado . 
 no one was sure how a flaming liberal could get elected after what had happened , but rumor was she had kept her mouth shut about everything except her role in bringing about the new constitution . 
 things never change . 
 the same politicians lie about their record and the voters never dig for the truth , amanda thought . 
 history would repeat itself . 
 luckily , rebecca was one of the few liberals in the entire congress . 
 with the big-city haunts of most liberals depopulated , the survivors were in a decidedly conservative mood . 
 `` yes , ms. richards has been a voice in the new house of representatives . 
 i 'm sure she is looking forward to working on your petition , '' amanda lied . 
 rebecca and horst getting along ? 
 not in my lifetime , amanda thought . 
 `` well , i would have never believed it , but it seems that rebecca and i seem to agree on a number of things . '' 
 horst said with a real texan ` shit-eating grin ' on his face . 
 oh great . 
 if these two are agreeing on anything , god help the rest of us , amanda thought . 
 `` that is good news . 
 building consensus ; that 's the name of the game in the new country , '' amanda lied again . 
 she needed to see the president and warn him of this new play for power . 
 whatever horst was up to , amanda would see that the texans would n't get away with it . 
 amanda claimed an appointment and excused herself from the smart little gathering . 
 she would leave rebecca and horst to their own conspiratorial talk . 
 she hit the door and the cold wind took her breath away . 
 * * * `` ladies and gentlemen , this commission will come to order , '' lars lundquist gaveled the first meeting of the commission to review membership standards into session . 
 lars had been appointed by the alabama governor to the new senate . 
 he had quickly been appointed chairman of the financial committee . 
 being chairman of the review commission was one of his many other duties . 
 each body got three members on the commission , as well as three appointed by the president . 
 the twelve members would hear requests to join the uas . 
 their recommendations would be forwarded on to the congress for official action . 
 `` will the representatives of the great state of texas please come forward ? '' 
 lars asked . 
 horst and his staff stepped forward . 
 while horst readied himself in front of the microphone , his staff handed out their formal written request to the commission members and the reporters in the audience . 
 `` if i may begin , mr. chairman . 
 texas comes before you with a strong case why it needs to be part of the union of american states . 
 the uas , as it is known , is a strong community of freedom-seeking states and provinces . 
 texas has always had a similar calling for freedom since our beginning , '' horst explained . 
 he continued with the litany of texas history from its beginning as part of mexico up to the day it walked out of the constitutional convention . 
 it was a long presentation that covered numerous events . 
 a few items were left unsaid , like the attempt to steal the nation 's gold , amanda thought . 
 she would be polite at the moment and let horst ramble on . 
 amanda noticed that rebecca attended the meeting and sat right behind horst . 
 when horst finished with the formal presentation , the chairman asked the commission if they had any questions . 
 `` the chair recognizes ms. savage , '' lars said . 
 `` mr. petrasek , recent articles from newspapers in texas have expressed a less-than-favorable opinion of the wisdom on joining the uas . 
 how do you reconcile this apparent difference in texan voter sentiment ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 `` ms. savage , we have had our disagreements down home , but i can assure you and the commission that the entire state of texas is behind this , '' horst said . 
 `` i believe the newspapers have been most critical of the president 's proposal to congress of establishing our country on a ` gold standard ' for our monetary policy , '' amanda said . 
 `` that was a topic of discussion at the time of the writing of the new constitution , among other items , and it was decided to delay that issue . 
 i believe , like the original bill of rights in the old constitution , that a number of amendments are being proposed to tighten up our new constitution . '' 
 `` that would be our understanding , also , '' horst answered . 
 `` is texas ready to state how they feel about a ` gold standard ' being added to our new constitution ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 `` i 'd like to answer that question , '' professor vernon bush of the university of texas said . 
 `` the state of texas , upon admittance to the uas , would oppose the establishment of a monetary system based on gold . 
 we feel that it is an unnecessary restriction to the full development of our economy . '' 
 the statement caused the commission members to break down along partisan lines . 
 the ` gold standard ' had been a stumbling block in adopting a new constitution . 
 one side wanted to return the country to a monetary system based on the value of gold and silver . 
 the opposing side wished to stay in a ` fiat ' money system based on faith in government . 
 `` but we 've gone over this many times , '' lars stated . 
 as an economist at the ludwig von mises institute at auburn university , he was the leading proponent of money backed by gold . 
 rebecca was now agitated and demanded to speak . 
 she had been a vocal supporter of fiat money based on the government printing as much paper as they felt they needed . 
 `` but keynesian economics worked for all those years to keep the world 's economy growing . 
 people 's lives improved because governments took it upon themselves to assist the disadvantaged , '' rebecca said . 
 `` ms. richards , let me educate you on the details of your view that people 's lives saw improvements from government action . '' 
 lars was red-faced in frustration at having to inform yet one more ill-educated individual on the way the world really worked . 
 lars explained that the key action happened in 1971 . 
 that was the year that president richard nixon closed the ` gold window ' , taking the usa officially off the gold standard . 
 the action was a result of years of foreign governments exchanging their paper dollars for real gold . 
 if nixon had n't taken the usa off the gold standard , america would have seen its entire gold reserve transferred overseas . 
 `` but we need to rebuild the country and we 'll need to borrow money to get that done , '' rebecca retorted . 
 `` no , ms. richards . 
 we need to do it the old-fashion way . 
 work hard , save money and invest in new productive enterprises that will bring more growth . 
 just like our country did for the first one hundred and fifty years of its existence , '' lars said . 
 `` but the people will demand that it happen faster . 
 we need to get the country back up off of its knees , '' rebecca said . 
 and who put the country on its knees ? 
 amanda thought . 
 `` just a couple of statistics for you , ms. richards . 
 the first is a quote from paul b. farrell after the 2008 financial collapse , '' amanda said . 
 `` writer farrell points out that action to supposedly save our monetary system ` forced congress and the fed into bailing out our too-big-to-fail banks to an estimated $ 29.7 trillion in cash , credits , cheap money loans and debt relief . ' '' 
 `` almost $ 30 trillion dollars created out of thin air , '' lars reiterated . 
 amanda continued . 
 `` another figure , ms. richards , for you to contemplate ; $ 202 trillion . 
 that is the amount of unfunded liabilities of the old united states government . 
 that includes social security , medicare , federal retirement funds and other unfunded , so-called entitlements . 
 again , borrowed money and promises to pay at some future date . 
 we can thank the sun for ending that bankrupt scheme . '' 
 lars started to speak , but amanda was n't finished . 
 `` $ 600 trillion . '' 
 she said it again for emphasis . 
 `` yes , $ 600 trillion , ladies and gentlemen . 
 that would be the amount of derivatives outstanding before ` the pulse ' . 
 a total of $ 600 trillion of ious owed by private investment companies . '' 
 `` well , if you say that all that debt vanished when ` the pulse ' hit , then we can start anew with a clean slate , '' rebecca said . 
 oh boy , this woman is dumber than a post , amanda thought . 
 she would need more than a basic education in the way the world worked . 
 `` ms. richards , i guess we need to back up , '' amanda said as she tried to hold her composure . 
 `` we do n't need to go back to the 19th century to understand how america rose to the top of all the nations in the world . 
 we can agree that by the second world war , the united states was the largest economy . 
 the country came out of that war with almost half the industrial capacity on earth . '' 
 `` yes , i know . 
 the ` greatest generation ' crap again . 
 at what cost to the poor in the third world did our extravagance cause ? '' 
 rebecca asked . 
 `` i 'm glad you brought up the ` greatest generation ' as written about by tom brokaw . 
 i have an opposite opinion of that generation , '' amanda said . 
 `` yes , they did a wonderful job defeating totalitarianism . 
 then they came home and went to work . 
 and they raised the ` baby boomers ' , the most self-indulgent generation the world had ever seen . '' 
 `` that would be your opinion , '' rebecca retorted . 
 `` and many others . 
 but the ` greatest generations ' real crime was their irresponsibility in carrying on american values . 
 with the united states on top of the world and much of the rest of the world devastated by war , the ` greatest generation ' believed that the hard work that had advanced america so far could be compromised , '' amanda said . 
 she went on to explain that as the other countries rebuilt and became more competitive , the united states did n't adjust to the new situation . 
 america continued as if the other industrialized countries would always remain minor competitors . 
 meanwhile , americans enjoyed the good life of inexpensive consumer goods . 
 socialism in america took hold as the wealth that had been gathered to america was deemed suitable to be spread among the less fortunate . 
 this added to the attitude that america could enjoy life without working hard . 
 then the government decided that watching industry after industry leave for cheaper locales was a good policy . 
 the ` greatest generation ' stood by as the ` giant sucking sound ' , as ross perot had described it , drained the life-blood out of the country . 
 `` wages plummeted as american workers tried to compete with third world wage earners . 
 it was n't a recipe for success , '' lars added . 
 amanda added , `` in the 1960s , the bottom ninety percent of people in america owned sixty-five percent of the income . 
 in the 2000s , that same ninety percent had been crushed down to eleven percent . '' 
 `` the rich got richer . 
 that 's why we need to tax them more , '' rebecca said . 
 `` you 'll never understand , will you ? 
 a strong vibrant country is sustained when everyone is doing well . 
 the united states has always had a strong middle class , but what of that middle class before ` the pulse ' ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 `` the last numbers showed that forty-eight percent of all americans were living in low-income households . 
 and even worse , thirty-seven percent of all household were led by someone with a net worth of zero or less than zero . '' 
 `` the middle class was killed off by the policies of our old government . 
 no greater crime exists in the old united states than what was perpetrated upon the american people , '' lars added . 
 `` and it can be all attributed back to leaving the ` gold standard ' . '' 
 `` and that is why the president has called for the establishment of a banking system based on the swiss model . 
 many banks in switzerland have over one-hundred percent of their assets backed by gold . 
 in the aftermath of the 2008 financial collapse , the swiss government actually had to devalue the swiss franc , '' amanda said . 
 `` the swiss franc had increased so much in value that swiss exports were suffering . '' 
 `` well , there you go then . 
 i would rate that as why we do n't need a money system that increases in value . 
 it would ruin the market for the things we export , '' rebecca said . 
 amanda could tell by her smug smile that she thought she had made a salient point in the discussion . 
 amanda then presented the figures on united states prices prior to world war ii . 
 historically , while the united states was on the gold standard , prices fell on average one percent a year . 
 a gold standard limited governments ability to inflate the currency , with workers seeing their wages remain fairly stagnant over the years . 
 but if prices on all commodities were constantly falling , then in reality , workers saw their purchasing power increase . 
 `` the net result of a twenty percent drop in prices over twenty years was the same as a twenty percent increase in wages . 
 when the government went to debtism as a form of economic growth , the picture was quite different from earlier times in america , '' amanda explained . 
 `` yes more people benefited from the expanding money supply . 
 they could get loans to pursue their dreams , '' rebecca said . 
 `` au contraire , '' amanda jumped in . 
 `` i first noticed this watching old ` perry mason ' reruns on tv when i was a little kid . 
 that show from the 1950s would mention what things cost back then and i was smart enough to notice the difference . 
 one episode had a restaurant menu on the screen and a steak dinner was a dollar twenty five . 
 i remember asking my dad what was going on . '' 
 lars jumped in . 
 `` just counting from 1971 when our old friend nixon said ` no more gold ' , the dollar has retained just two percent of its value , based on gold . 
 that , my friends , is government sanctioned robbery on a scale unimaginable . '' 
 `` well , hold on a dang blame minute , '' horst intervened . 
 `` i did n't mean to step in the cow pie on this one . 
 obviously this is a hot button item that is n't going to be solved today . 
 can i get the conversation back to whether texas is part of the new country or not ? '' 
 amanda knew now what rebecca and horst had in common . 
 each wanted to see a return to america being a debtor nation . 
 the president and his supporters were just as determined to see a new era of true capitalism bloom in the country . 
 * * * the next day she met with the president to report her discovery . 
 the two worked on plans to hold off the texas advance . 
 `` but why would horst and rebecca team up ? 
 their views are opposite when it comes to government , '' amanda said . 
 `` not as opposite as you might think . 
 rebecca is angling to get the social programs back . 
 she thinks that happens by borrowing and taxing to redistribute the wealth , '' the president answered . 
 `` horst , on the other hand , wants imperial america to return . 
 as the leader of the neoonservatives , or neocons , his view is that it 's a dangerous world out there and only america can defend it . '' 
 `` but it is a dangerous world , '' amanda said . 
 horst is right on that item , she thought . 
 `` no disagreement here . 
 it is a dangerous world , but america can no longer defend the civilized parts all by herself , '' the president said . 
 the president and his advisors had been putting a political coalition together . 
 the new country 's constitution had broken the stranglehold of the old two-party system that had dominated the old united states . 
 with only the house of representatives being directly elected by the voters , the power of a party system was severely weakened . 
 senators , being elected by tax-paying individuals according to their tax bill , were less likely to need a political party for support . 
 and the national council was antithetical to any party . 
 chosen by random selection , each councilor was beholden to no one . 
 as a consequence , the uas political landscape had broken into four main groups . 
 the current president was the acknowledged leader of the libertarian caucus . 
 horst petrasek acted on behalf of the neoconservative caucus . 
 rebecca had assumed a quasi-leadership role among the few remaining liberals in the country . 
 the last group was the christian caucus . 
 holding a strong position in the south and the midwest , the christians had placed a large block in each body of congress . 
 they were well represented on the presidential cabinet and the supreme court . 
 with rebecca and horst teaming up to block any establishment of a gold standard monetary system , that left the president looking to the christians to broker a deal . 
 amanda asked , `` mr. president , can we make a deal with the christians on this ? '' 
 `` we worked closely with them on getting the constitution approved , '' the president admitted . 
 amanda recalled the political ` horse trading ' that had taken place to reach a consensus on the constitution . 
 with the texas crowd and their neocons neutered at that time , it had come down to the libertarians and the christians . 
 as the acknowledged leader of the libertarians , the idaho governor had worked out a series of compromises . 
 to get the national council approved , the other side made sure that the ` defense of marriage act ' was incorporated into the constitution . 
 for a senate elected by tax-paying voters only , the christians demanded that abortion be made illegal . 
 the libertarians refused that position and a compromise position was reached . 
 abortion would be regulated by each state for only the first trimester . 
 after that time , a constitutional ban on all abortions would hold . 
 the president and cabinet being chosen , instead of elected , almost cost the libertarians sunday . 
 or at least all commercial activity on sunday . 
 the christians wanted a return to the old ` blue laws ' that had prevailed in many states up until the 1960s . 
 back then , the law in many states excluded most commercial activity on sunday . 
 the libertarians had resisted such a demand . 
 the christians then had asked for changes in the tax structure . 
 a television tax as well as an entertainment tax on movies was approved . 
 a tv tax had been common in the countries of the british commonwealth since tv 's inception . 
 amanda had thought at that time that the old democratic party had certainly missed that tax . 
 since hollywood was a ghost town , no objection to a movie tax had been made . 
 the christian caucus further asked for a doubling of the national sales tax on sundays . 
 if they could n't stop commerce , they would certainly discourage it . 
 the libertarians swallowed hard at that time and accepted these compromises . 
 they understood the bigger picture of a smaller government outweighing the infringements on freedom to which they were agreeing . 
 amanda recalled that someone had commented at the time , `` governing is like making sausage . 
 sometimes unappealing in the making , but the end product tastes good . '' 
 the president broke the silence as both he and amanda remembered the past negotiations `` we 'll have to see what price they want this time . 
 i do n't see another option . 
 we could try to appeal to the voters , but that would take too long . 
 the country needs a stable economy now . '' 
 `` i 'll call mary salter , if you 'd like . 
 i think she 's our best choice , '' amanda said . 
 `` i agree . 
 see if she 's available today . 
 we need to get an agreement quickly before the neocons make a pitch for the christian support , '' the president responded . 
 mary salter was the secretary of the interior in the president 's own cabinet . 
 she had been elected to the house of representatives from the state of tennessee . 
 the house had chosen her for the cabinet where she had been selected for interior . 
 as such , she was responsible for the items in the old interior department , like public lands , hydroelectric dams and national parks . 
 but with the reduced size of the national government , interior had taken on a lot of orphan programs when other departments had been closed . 
 the small remaining portions of the old departments of transportation , education , housing and urban development , agriculture and the environment were now under interior . 
 * * * being on the presidential cabinet made mary salter a leader of the christian caucus . 
 while leadership roles were still being sorted out in the new government , amanda recognized that mary had become a leading christian spokesman . 
 `` mr. president , i 'm honored that you 've called me . 
 how can i be of service ? '' 
 mary asked when the three met . 
 `` as you are aware , i 'm putting together the foundation for a sound money system for the country . 
 unfortunately , i 'm meeting resistance by those wishing for a return to the old days of easy money , '' the president explained . 
 `` after our success writing the constitution together , i thought we could work to establish a system free from the money changers . '' 
 amanda recognized the biblical reference in the president 's pitch . 
 jesus had thrown the money changers from the temple . 
 `` mr. president , while i can only speak for myself , i know my side sees the advantage of sound money . 
 the bible speaks often of gold , both in good and bad ways . 
 the past experience our country has endured certainly speaks of the bad side of phony money , '' mary said . 
 `` if you may allow me twenty four hours , i will have an answer for you . '' 
 the president agreed to a one-day delay to consult with her faction . 
 they set a time to meet the following day . 
 * * * the next day amanda and the president got their answer . 
 it would be a difficult bargain . 
 `` mr. president , my caucus has listed a number of items it would like to see established in the new country . 
 i think you 'll agree that they all strengthen the family . 
 so much of our cultural demise revolved around the breakup of our families , '' mary began . 
 `` i agree . 
 while our teen pregnancy rate dropped , our out-of-wedlock birth rate soared . 
 that almost half our babies were being born to one-parent households was appalling , '' the president concurred . 
 `` then we agree on the need to support two-parent homes and to further support one parent being at home to raise the children . '' 
 amanda looked at the president . 
 she was n't sure that the discussion was headed in a direction she could support . 
 putting women back in the kitchen as their only option in life bothered her . 
 she saw the president react to the suggestion of women reverting back to traditional roles . 
 he offered , `` mary , i certainly can support two parent homes . 
 i can also support getting the national government to reduce its financial burden on families so one parent can stay home . 
 but i want to be perfectly clear that the person staying home could be a mom or dad . '' 
 `` agreed , '' mary said . 
 then she threw out the next demand . 
 the christian caucus was again asking for recognition by the new government of the sabbath . 
 sunday would become a day oriented to religious worship and family . 
 while not creating a state religion , the national government would impose commercial restrictions on what could take place on sunday . 
 mary explained that like the ` blue laws ' of the early part of the 20th century , commercial activity would be curtailed . 
 only small essential commercial establishments would be allowed to be open . 
 corner convenience stores , gas stations and drug stores were the type of places envisioned by the christians as appropriate . 
 large malls and big-box stores would be shuttered on sunday . 
 even large grocery stores would be among those shops closed . 
 the christian caucus wanted people to refrain from commercial activities on sunday and spend their time in other ways . 
 the president stepped in . 
 `` but mary , we went over all this during the constitution debates . 
 my side gave way on the double taxation on sunday . 
 is n't that enough ? '' 
 `` my side is quite adamant about sunday being a family day this time . 
 they felt like they did n't get enough last time and are determined to hold out . '' 
 the president was taken back when mary went on . 
 mary stated that her side also wanted all professional sports excluded from sunday . 
 if people did n't chose to attend church , then with limited shopping and entertainment options , they might spend more time with their families and neighbors . 
 `` that will be a tough one , mary , '' the president said . 
 although none of the professional sports had been reestablished since ` the pulse ' , it was only a matter of time before some sort of sports again ruled people 's lives . 
 `` i 'll agree that people put way too much time and effort into sports before p-day , but nothing on sundays ? 
 i do n't know . '' 
 `` there will be six days a week for all the sports people want . 
 one day needs to be set aside so that families at least have the opportunity to be together . 
 they may choose to do things separately , but their options will be limited , '' mary answered . 
 amanda jumped in the discussion . 
 `` i agree with mary . 
 sports was an escape for many people . 
 with the old country taking so many freedoms away and taxing people to death , sports was a way out . 
 i think having one day without all the usual distractions might be beneficial . '' 
 `` and to encourage family time , we are asking for a doubling of the tax on cell phone calls and text messages on sunday also , '' mary stated . 
 the uas had already decided to start taxing the entertainment part of peoples lives . 
 along with separate television and movie taxes , the internet had finally been taxed . 
 a per-call tax had been imposed on cell phones along with a tax on each text message . 
 internet use was to be taxed by the minute . 
 the christian caucus had jumped on the internet tax since estimates had stated that half the bandwidth was being used for porn downloads . 
 while the christian caucus had attempted a ban on internet porn previously , a tax on downloads would hit people in their wallets . 
 it turned out that parents were ecstatic about the cell and text tax . 
 it allowed the government to be the bad guy while they set limits on their children 's phone use . 
 `` i was amazed at the support we received when we imposed the text tax . 
 i never realized how frustrated parents had become at their kids doing ten thousand texts a month . 
 under the new tax , no one could afford that , so the phone companies instituted text-blocking after a predetermined number , '' amanda said . 
 `` i think you 'll find an equally receptive audience when one day of the week is set aside with very little outside stimulus available . 
 our society was bereft of a moral basis due to everyone being too busy , '' mary said . 
 again mary pushed for more controls on internet pornography . 
 `` the web has become a cesspool for our youth . 
 graphic images are easily available with a simple mouse click . 
 we have to protect our children . '' 
 the president hesitated . 
 amanda knew his feelings on the ease of pornography coming into people 's homes . 
 but the libertarian in him wanted people free to choose and government censorship would be anathema to him . 
 amanda offered , `` mr. president , in the past all pornography sites required a credit card number before access was allowed . 
 perhaps that sort of restriction again would meet the requirements , since credit cards typically require one to be over eighteen . '' 
 the president thought that was a good solution . 
 `` i know your caucus wants more restrictions but my caucus will only go so far in limiting people 's individual freedoms . '' 
 mary made another attempt at outlawing homosexuality . 
 the president stopped her . 
 `` mary , i knew this would be in the discussion . 
 what my side can offer is a national support of ` civil unions ' . 
 while it is a state 's issue , in order that people have the same rights across state lines , the national government would recognize those unions . 
 that gives gays the right to be recognized legally as a couple , without the traditional approval of marriage , '' the president said . 
 amanda knew that the christian caucus had obtained the majority of their items for support of a gold-backed monetary system . 
 amanda wondered what damage such an agreement would cause the president in his own caucus . 
 but the president had one more item to discuss with mary . 
 * * * the next day the president and the secretary of the interior held a press conference to announce the new agreement . 
 meeting with his full caucus prior to the announcement , the president reminded the libertarians of the importance of the gold standard . 
 he also reminded them that the neocons were waiting in the wings if they could n't reach a compromise . 
 the libertarian caucus was taken aback by the infringement the new ` blue laws ' placed on the new country . 
 but the thought of losing the ` gold standard ' and reverting back to a ` fiat money ' system persuaded the majority to accept the deal . 
 the strong leadership of the president had kept the libertarians from breaking with the deal . 
 after the compromise was announced by the two leaders of their respective caucuses , the president proposed the free world federation . 
 the fwf , as it would be called , would be an association of western-style countries that could find common ground in which they could cooperate . 
 a sort-of a united nations for the non-despot countries , it would set standards that each member would have to meet to receive the mutual support of the entire group . 
 the old united nations had ceased to exist after ` the pulse ' . 
 many thought it had ceased to exist as a legitimate organization when the united nations named moammar gadhafi 's libya to its ` human rights council ' in the 1990s . 
 the little respect the organization had at that time vaporized . 
 after that , the un was a dying idea that had moved past reality . 
 with the death of the liberal elites around the globe , the concept of a un died , too . 
 the uas president now proposed a new group that would represent the free and open societies in the world . 
 military defense and trade were the keys that would bring the countries together . 
 a high standard of elected government and freedom would be set for admittance . 
 the despots of the world would be on their own . 
 a ` world gold standard ' would be the crux of the new group . 
 solid money based on a real asset . 
 this would create trade between countries and individuals that was based on an asset that governments could n't manipulate to their advantage . 
 amanda watched the response at the news of a world gold standard by the opposition as both horst and rebecca had attended the news conference . 
 they both appeared shocked that the libertarians and the christians had reached a compromise . 
 the neocons had assumed the christian caucus was their natural ally in the struggle for political control of the uas , amanda thought . 
 amanda was soon to find out how unstable the new libertarian-christian political alliance was . 
 chapter 39 north shore , oahu , hawaii the battle of san francisco , as recorded , was as bloody and destructive as had been predicted . 
 but the blood was mostly suffered on the chinese side . 
 with fixed defensive lines similar to the russian front in the 1940s , the chinese were determined to extract as many american casualties as possible . 
 like world war ii , japan had attempted a similar strategy . 
 hopelessly cut off from any chance of resupply , the japanese devised a defensive posture on their islands that would kill as many american troops as possible . 
 of course , all the japanese troops had died in the process . 
 but unlike the japanese or the russian defenders , neither had to deal with the a-10 . 
 while ground attack planes existed in world war ii , none reached the level of lethality that was designed into the a-10 . 
 the ` warthog ' , as it was affectionately called by its pilots , was a fearsome weapon against fixed targets . 
 when general ed gale turned them loose on the chinese lines , its 30 mm gatling gun literally tore the chinese apart . 
 without any air cover , the ` hogs ' were free to roam the skies looking for targets . 
 after a week of air attacks by the ` hogs ' , with supplemental bombing and rocket attacks delivered by other units of the air force , the chinese defensive line was substantially reduced . 
 while the american infantry still fought hard for ground , any resistance was immediately subdued by a call to the a-10s . 
 two weeks later , it was all over . 
 the remaining chinese troops surrendered and asked for asylum . 
 the top chinese officials committed suicide rather than face shame at having lost their foothold in north america . 
 few of the hostages were still alive , unfortunately . 
 the ones that had n't succumbed to ill treatment , were machined-gunned by the chinese in the closing hours of the battle . 
 of the original united states , only guam and hawaii remained under foreign control . 
 but an expanded maritime exclusion zone that covered both island groups was doing its job . 
 slow starvation on the islands set in and the occupying forces slowly succumbed . 
 when word of the fierce fighting around san francisco reached the islands , the local troops took their fate into their own hands . 
 the chinese red army rose up and fought for their lives . 
 the chinese high command and communist commissars were all captured or killed by their own troops . 
 word soon reached the uas command of the surrender of both islands . 
 under protest , general ed gale had accompanied the victory fleet of admiral lanciani 's carrier battle group to honolulu for the formal surrender . 
 on the way , word reached the fleet reminding them that hostilities with mainland china were still very active , as a chinese nuclear submarine had recently been sunk . 
 paul and amanda joined the presidential entourage that flew to hawaii after the security of the islands had been assured . 
 they were meeting with representatives of new zealand and australia to decide the final disposition of forces still arrayed down under . 
 `` prime ministers , let me welcome you both to a free hawaii . 
 i hope your journey was satisfactory , '' the uas president said at the first meeting of the three leaders . 
 the two prime ministers had traveled secretly by australian frigate and had arrived two days before . 
 it had n't been the most comfortable ship on the open seas and the president planned a safer and smoother trip back . 
 a los angeles class nuclear sub would be available as it returned to duty off the north coast of australia . 
 `` thank you , mr. president . 
 i know i can speak for my colleague from new zealand in expressing our profound gratitude for what your country has provided to our two countries . 
 it will be remembered , i can assure you , '' the aussie prime minister said . 
 mr. muldoon , the new zealand prime minister nodded in agreement . 
 then he added , `` and congratulations on your country adopting a ` gold standard ' . 
 that will set a new tone of financial responsibility for others around the world . '' 
 the president had worked hard for adoption of a ` gold standard ' . 
 it had been a close vote but the amendment to the constitution had passed all three bodies . 
 now it was up to his allies to get the amendment passed by three-fourths of the states and provinces . 
 amanda was personally making sure that the texas admission to the uas would be on hold until the amendment 's approval . 
 `` well , we need to lay out our strategy for sending your uninvited guests back home . 
 i understand the embargo has been very effective , '' the president said . 
 `` quite . 
 i know that the chinese in queensland have resorted to gleaning the local fields for food . 
 i know they would love to attack south into new south wales where we have more substantial food stocks , but our aussie and your american troops have been itching for them to try . 
 i 'm afraid western australia is in a very tight way , '' the aussie prime minister offered . 
 the prime minister of new zealand interjected . 
 `` we have heard , rather quietly , that the indonesians are looking for an out . 
 they have contacted india to act as an intermediary to negotiate the withdrawal of their troops and settlers . '' 
 `` and we have heard the same , sir , '' the president said . 
 `` how should we handle it ? '' 
 `` i believe the indonesians are hesitating to save face with their chinese allies . 
 if we can resolve the australia issue , i think the ` indos ' will gladly scoot for home , '' the new zealand prime minister said . 
 `` then i guess australia and the chinese are first , '' general gale spoke up . 
 we 'll just have to hit them from the indian ocean direction so we do n't have trouble with our supply lines around new zealand . 
 that would make western australia the initial battle site . '' 
 the australian prime minister agreed that perth and vicinity had priority . 
 cut off from the rest of australia by the nullarbor desert , the few australian 's still clinging to a little bit of southwest australia were in a very bad way . 
 liberating the australian west coast first would relieve their situation and hopefully compromise china 's position in the northeast . 
 the meeting discussed future connections among the three countries as well as current concerns . 
 amanda and paul sat through the entire session , noting how the world continued to change . 
 ` the pulse ' from the sun had set in motion a renewal of capitalism , but at a huge cost . 
 those people who had succumbed to the sun 's devastation would be memorialized in a new dynamic world economy based on many old ideas from the 19th century . 
 but they had been tempered with newer experiences . 
 after the formal meeting was over , paul and amanda settled into chairs at the poolside bar . 
 the sound of the nearby waves crashing into the north shore of oahu reinvigorated them , though . 
 with the warm night sea breeze blowing , they agreed that the night was still young . 
 they quickly headed to their room . 
 donning swimsuits and grabbing their beach towels , they headed out to a secluded beach they had discovered the day before . 
 passing the security guards , they walked along the now empty darkened golf course . 
 as they passed the hotel horse corral they spotted their beach access . 
 they made their way through the heavy foliage that hid the beach from view . 
 the fragrant flowers gave off a pungent aroma that reminded paul of maple bars . 
 the thought confirmed that he was hungry from the day 's work . 
 but first , there was amanda . 
 she was already on the empty beach dropping her beach towel on the sand . 
 he quickly followed , running into the warm water . 
 amanda swam up to paul through the surf . 
 with a leap , her body flew up past his face as she placed her hands on his shoulders and with all her strength , pushed him under . 
 a wave caught them and crashed over , pushing them into the bottom . 
 both came up to the surface , sputtering . 
 they embraced . 
 `` hey , you 're all gritty , '' amanda said as she reached for him . 
 another wave pounded into them and again they were mashed into the sandy bottom . 
 again they reached the surface for air , spitting sand out of their mouths . 
 as they played in the water , five figures walked onto the beach . 
 in the limited light , paul could n't tell who they were . 
 three dropped something on the beach and then raced towards where paul and amanda were swimming . 
 when they swam closer , paul realized it was the president and his two prime minister guests . 
 `` mr. president , what a surprise ! '' 
 paul exclaimed . 
 `` paul , amanda , enjoying the benefits of hawaii , i see . 
 after that wyoming winter weather , this is heaven . '' 
 the two prime ministers swam up and greeted the couple . 
 the australian prime minister seemed to be in his element . 
 obviously a surfer before his election , paul thought as the next wave carried the australian off towards shore in perfect body-surf form . 
 he quickly returned . 
 `` bloody great . 
 feels like ages since i felt this good . 
 makes me want to just resign and get back to the beach , '' he said . 
 `` nice form , mr. prime minister . 
 do a lot of surfing in your younger years ? '' 
 amanda asked , as she ducked under the next roller coming in . 
 `` younger years ? 
 bloody hell , i was surfing and chasing sheilas not that long ago . 
 then all of a sudden i 'm elected to parliament , married with three kids , and i land in the prime minister slot . 
 it was like a bloody holden commodore going off a bloody cliff , it happened so fast . '' 
 `` hate to think we head back tomorrow , '' prime minister muldoon said , putting a damper on the fun . 
 `` but tonight is ours . 
 at least we have one sheila here to liven things up . 
 care to do a little body-surfing ? '' 
 the aussie prime minister asked . 
 `` love to . 
 come on paul , mr. president , join us ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 `` sounds great . 
 takes me back to my navy days stationed at pearl . 
 we wrecked our backs body-surfing at sandy beach , '' the president said . 
 the next wave had four screaming surfers reaching out to catch a good ride . 
 only amanda and the aussie caught the curl . 
 they were soon deposited on the beach as the wave ran them up on the sand . 
 `` almost caught you , did n't we ? '' 
 the aussie asked . 
 `` what ? 
 caught us ? 
 i do n't understand ? '' 
 amanda sputtered . 
 the other three men were still far out in the surf . 
 the australian prime minister continued . 
 `` a little together time at night in the ocean . 
 bloody wonderful if you ask me . '' 
 amanda froze with dread . 
 the christian contingent of the new uas was a very strong part of congress . 
 it would not do for two advisors of the president to be caught by the australian prime minister . 
 `` no worries . 
 did it many times with the sheilas myself . 
 how do you think i got three kids before i knew what had happened ? 
 i 'd grab my wife and head to bondi beach in sydney if i could get away with it now even . 
 nothing better for the soul than swimming on a warm night , '' the aussie offered . 
 `` hey you two , you 're missing some good breakers , '' the president said as he rode a large wave up to where they were sitting . 
 `` let 's go , tonight never ends . 
 you two can sleep on the plane tomorrow , '' the aussie offered . 
 they body-surfed until the wee hours of the morning . 
 the new zealand prime minister gave up first , followed by the president . 
 the way amanda and the aussie were going , paul did n't dare leave them alone . 
 he rode wave after wave until his shriveled body parts screamed for mercy . 
 still the other two carried on . 
 finally paul collapsed on the beach and waited for the final two surfers to succumb . 
 paul lay on the sand half asleep when a figure loomed over him . 
 `` hey mate . 
 i did n't mean to take your sheila away from you . 
 sorry , but i have n't done that in a bloody long time . 
 i owe you one , mate . 
 always better with a good-looking sheila around . 
 a few fosters would have been nice . 
 and mate , you have a nice-looking sheila . '' 
 `` thank you , mr. prime minister . 
 she looked to be having fun herself out there , '' paul said . 
 `` are both you guys giving up ? '' 
 amanda asked as she ran up the beach . 
 `` i 'm crook myself . 
 i get to return to australia like ` spam in a can ' . 
 submarines may be safer , but no much to look at in my mind . 
 you two carry on . 
 i think we interrupted something earlier , '' the prime minister said with a wink as he headed up the beach for the hotel . 
 two of the security guards fell in behind him . 
 `` what did he mean by that ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 amanda watched the head of the australian government disappear up the path through the brush . 
 `` now , where were we ? '' 
 chapter 40 takapuna , north island , new zealand the three months following the new zealand prime minister 's return from the meeting with the americans had seen things change quickly . 
 the americans had conducted an amphibious landing in western australia a month earlier . 
 with most of the old u.s. navy now operational , the new uas navy mounted one of the longest sea invasions in history . 
 staging out of newport news , virginia , the fleet had sailed in six divisions south into the indian ocean . 
 with three nuclear aircraft carriers and their supporting warships , a clear path to perth was established . 
 the 1st and 2nd marine division along with the two armored brigades from the uas army were inserted into western australia south of perth . 
 the force made quick work heading up the coast toward darwin . 
 using the available sea access along the way , the americans rolled up the chinese forces . 
 so complete was the retreat that one division was transferred to sydney , where they assisted the existing aussie and american forces in breaking out and attacking into queensland . 
 just as in hawaii , the chinese troops took matters into their own hands . 
 killing their communist commissars and officers , they quickly surrendered and asked for asylum . 
 in new zealand the news of the australian successes were met with hope that their plight would end also . 
 summer in the southern hemisphere wound down and the crops near hamilton were ripening . 
 adequate food would finally be available and rationing of supplies started to be curtailed . 
 noel and syd had enjoyed the summer manning the front lines in the bombay hills with their mates . 
 but soon after the prime minister 's return , word reached the troops that an agreement had been reached between new zealand and indonesia . 
 with the help of the indian navy , the ` indos ' were soon being repatriated back to their island nation . 
 in fact , the last couple of weeks had been those of slowly advancing up the island as the ` indos ' retreated back towards whangarei . 
 as ships arrived , the lone new zealand navy ship would place an inspection party aboard to assure no war supplies were on board . 
 then the indian ship would dock and load up with settlers and troops . 
 noel continued acting as liaison with major smith of the 24th american infantry division . 
 syd and his mates were assigned to support an american battalion as they slowly liberated the abandoned ground in front of them . 
 `` noel , we will be heading out today and taking up positions north of auckland , '' the major said . 
 the last week had been a tough one for noel and his kiwi mates . 
 leaving the bombay hills behind , the unit had advanced into auckland proper . 
 or what was left of auckland . 
 much had been destroyed in the chaos before the ` indos ' arrived . 
 the fighting for the bombay hills had added more destruction . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 what 's our objective today ? '' 
 noel asked . 
 `` a place called takapuna . 
 from the map it 's on the north shore of hauraki gulf . 
 we 'll be transported across on boats as the other units use the harbor bridge . 
 we land at davenport . 
 we 'll be marching from there . 
 our transport will catch up with us later . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' noel answered . 
 he was n't familiar with takapuna , but he knew the north shore held some expensive homes . 
 he wondered if they had been destroyed like the area south of the city . 
 he soon found out as the first boats landed at davenport . 
 everything looked normal except for a lack of any people . 
 the locals were long gone and the invaders had retreated . 
 noel joined syd as they started marching north . 
 major smith caught up to them and informed them where the new boundary had been established between the kiwis and the ` indos ' . 
 as they reached st. george street in the center of takapuna , major smith motioned that they should set up a defensive line . 
 syd looked for a good two-story building and a window in which to set the ` beast ' . 
 while the ` indos ' seemed intent on going home , the kiwis had been warned to be on the lookout for trouble . 
 many of the diehard indonesians viewed dying in new zealand preferable to returning home in disgrace . 
 there had been a few incidents in other areas where ` indos ' had lashed out at the approaching kiwis . 
 each side worked hard to maintain the truce so hostilities could end . 
 noel needed to know where the official demarcation line was as he approached major smith . 
 the major was holding a meeting with his company commanders . 
 noel waited a short distance away for the meeting to break up . 
 he noticed syd and one of his mates in an open window above a panelbeater shop . 
 a loud explosion tore through the assembled officers . 
 noel was blown backwards toward syd 's position . 
 as he flew through the air he saw major smith dropping into a heap . 
 his company commanders were flying through the air in all directions . 
 noel landed with a thud on the pavement of a parking lot . 
 the mailbox that had been sitting by the gathering lay next to him in a jagged heap . 
 smokey remains and bits of mail floating in the air indicated where a bomb had been placed . 
 as the smoke cleared , noel raised himself up on one arm and looked for injuries . 
 only some small wounds on his left side were bleeding . 
 he felt and found no broken bones . 
 he started to stand up to go check the others but the ringing in his ears distracted him until the buzz saw sound of a german mg42 machine gun opened up . 
 dropping instinctively to one knee , noel looked and saw syd open up with the ` beast ' . 
 he quickly turned toward where syd fired and saw three ` indos ' being hit . 
 they tried to lift their ak-47s to finish the job on the americans , but collapsed . 
 they died as they hit the ground . 
 `` major smith , '' noel yelled when he reached his american charge . 
 the major was badly injured and was losing blood fast . 
 noel pulled his first aid kit from his hip and grabbed the compresses . 
 he stuffed them into the biggest wounds and stemmed the largest bleeders . 
 a medic arrived quickly and triaged the group . 
 only major smith had survived the explosion . 
 noel , who had been standing away from the group , had been spared serious injury . 
 before noel knew it , a helicopter landed and loaded the injured major . 
 the medic pushed noel onto the copter as it lifted off . 
 they were soon at a hospital in tauranga , on the bay of plenty . 
 noel counted himself lucky as the nurse worked on dressing his wounds . 
 last time he had almost died . 
 this time it was major smith who fought for his life . 
 when the nurse was finished , noel made his way to surgery to check on his commander . 
 `` you 're with the major . 
 well , he 's a very lucky man . 
 we saved his leg , and his stomach wound was n't as bad as we thought . 
 he should make a full recovery , '' the surgeon reported . 
 `` someone did a good job on his first aid right after he was injured . '' 
 noel found the major 's room after recovery and sat and waited . 
 the major finally woke a few hours later . 
 although groggy , he was glad to see a familiar face . 
 `` oh , noel , i 'm glad you 're ok . 
 how is everyone else ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` do n't know , sir , '' noel lied . 
 `` i came in on the same ` copter that brought you . '' 
 the major turned his head and adjusted his eyes to the light . 
 `` where are we ? 
 i see water , '' the major said . 
 `` that 's tauranga harbor . 
 they flew us over to the bay of plenty . 
 too many wounded in hamilton , i guess . 
 it 's nice here . 
 i 'll open the window a little so you can smell the ocean , '' noel said . 
 he cranked the window open a crack . 
 the sea breeze filled the room with salt air . 
 it smelled much better than the antiseptic smell that permeated the hospital . 
 `` who opened this window ? '' 
 a nurse barked as she stormed into their room . 
 `` we do n't open the windows here . 
 too hard to keep things clean . 
 if you want fresh air , there 's a lovely promenade around the point . 
 when the major is feeling better , you may take him . 
 just head out on the back veranda , turn right and head toward the long-term convalescent center right over there . '' 
 the nurse pointed toward another white building off to the south . 
 it stood on the bluff overlooking the harbor . 
 noel could see patients in wheelchairs , covered in blankets , taking in the fresh air . 
 * * * it was a week before the major felt up for a wheelchair sojourn over to see the promenade . 
 noel had found an empty bed and although his injuries did n't warrant a hospital stay , his concern for the major overshadowed official protocol . 
 the doctors and nurses looked the other way as noel settled into caring for the major . 
 a warm , sunny fall day finally called to both of them . 
 they were determined to see the promenade . 
 noel located a wheelchair and with the nurse 's help , moved major smith from the bed . 
 he was delighted to finally get out . 
 noel took ahold of the wheelchair and headed for the elevator . 
 arriving on the ground floor , the two headed for the outside . 
 the sun blinded them as they went out the doors onto the veranda behind the hospital . 
 while a pleasant view of the harbor could be obtained from where noel stood , he was determined to get the major to the much anticipated promenade by the convalescent center . 
 they had both watched for days as patients were wheeled out , covered , and left to enjoy the sea breeze . 
 noel wheeled the major down the sidewalk that connected the two hospitals . 
 other patients were ambling along as they tried out injured limbs . 
 they finally reached the promenade and noel maneuvered the major into a prime site overlooking the harbor . 
 he looked for a blanket and noticed the other patients staring at him . 
 `` excuse me . 
 where could i obtain a blanket for the major ? '' 
 he asked a nurse walking by . 
 she pointed in the direction of a large roller cart with folded blankets lying on top . 
 `` thank you , and could you tell me why all these patients are staring at us ? '' 
 `` oh , that . 
 you see , most of these patients are long-term care and have been here for years . 
 we even have a couple of world war ii veterans here , '' the nurse explained . 
 `` you are new and interesting faces to them . 
 they do n't get many visitors or other patients drifting over from the main hospital , i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 it 's so beautiful sitting here . 
 the major could n't wait to get healthy enough to be pushed over here . 
 he 's been staring down at the promenade forever waiting , '' noel said . 
 `` you 'll find out why we do n't have many outsiders here . 
 must be the settled weather . 
 they 're unusually quiet today . '' 
 the nurse excused herself and returned to minding her patients . 
 noel did n't quite understand what she was talking about , but he thought sitting here in the sun and sea breeze on the promenade was certainly one of the more pleasant spots in the whole country . 
 especially if one was recuperating from injuries . 
 as the sun began to set , hunger and the cool air drove the two war veterans back to their hospital . 
 they decided over dinner that with the fine weather forecasted , they would return the next day to their spot on the promenade . 
 in fact the weather continued to hold for several days and each day found noel reading and talking to the major along the promenade . 
 the patients were still staring at them but continued in their docile mood . 
 the major grew stronger with each day and they both realized that he would be able to leave the hospital soon . 
 but then the weather began to change . 
 noel woke up to large , high clouds moving into the bay of plenty area . 
 he and the major were determined to enjoy the beautiful fall weather as long as they could and headed to the promenade as usual . 
 but today , the mood had changed . 
 the patients were no longer staring at them . 
 they were more concerned with fighting over everything . 
 patients yelled at each other about being in the way of their view . 
 they complained to the nurses about being too hot under their blankets . 
 within minutes , they were complaining about being too cold . 
 every little disturbance was cause for complaint . 
 noel could n't believe the transformation that had taken place . 
 the same nurse that he had talked to was on duty and he stopped her . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` well , you 're seeing the real group now , '' the nurse said . 
 `` most of these patients are brain damaged in some way . 
 either through injury or some traumatic event in their lives . 
 they are incapable of living in regular society as their mental capacity is severely limited . '' 
 `` but they 're so different today . '' 
 `` as i told you the other day , you first saw them on an unusual day . 
 this is their normal . 
 it seems that the change in pressure when the weather changes affects them . 
 we do n't usually get such a long stretch of settled weather as the last few days . 
 you were lucky . '' 
 and how , noel thought . 
 the noise and confusion that went on was intolerable . 
 now he understood why no one from the hospital ever ventured this far . 
 he began to gather up his things to take the major back to the main hospital area . 
 the view was n't as spectacular , but the quiet veranda would have to do . 
 `` bloody hell ! 
 what are you angels of death trying to do to me now ? '' 
 a voice screamed behind noel . 
 noel looked at major smith . 
 there was a small glimmer of recognition in his eyes . 
 noel felt a shiver go up his spine . 
 but no , it could n't be , he thought . 
 again the voice ranted . 
 `` you bloody bastards already killed off my mates and now you want to throw me off the cliff ? 
 well , i 'll have none of it . 
 where 's my gun ? 
 i 'll teach you some manners . '' 
 noel froze . 
 that voice . 
 why did that voice drive a chill through his body ? 
 did he dare look at where it emanated from ? 
 it could n't be . 
 and then the voice barked again . 
 `` sod off you bugger . 
 go to bloody hell , you and your randy ways . '' 
 noel and major smith both turned to the sound . 
 the nurse wrestled with a patient on the other side of the promenade . 
 noel wheeled his charge over for a closer look as the nurse finally gave up and walked past them headed for the building . 
 `` and do n't come bloody back . 
 i 'd prefer to die alone than with your filthy hands on me . '' 
 noel stared at the face as the spittle flew out its mouth and the voice screamed in defiance . 
 `` what the bloody hell are you two staring at ? 
 never seen a man trying to protect himself before ? '' 
 `` grandfather ? '' 
 noel asked quietly , almost afraid of the answer . 
 `` grandfather ? 
 what the bloody hell are you talking about ? '' 
 the voice demanded . 
 the major sat quietly , but nodded his agreement to noel . 
 noel was more convinced that sitting before them was his great-grandfather . 
 but how ? 
 who was buried in in that grave in hamilton if his great-grandfather was sitting here in tauranga ? 
 and how did he end up here ? 
 the questions swirled in his brain as he stared at the man in front of him . 
 `` sir , i believe you 're my great-grandfather . 
 does the name connor leffingwell mean anything to you ? '' 
 noel asked . 
 by now the nurse had returned with a doctor . 
 she was armed with a large syringe . 
 `` i told you the angel of death was upon me . 
 and now she brings vlad the impaler along to impose her will . 
 if you 're any relative of mine , get me the bloody hell out of this torture chamber . '' 
 noel stopped the nurse from acting and explained that the man she was about to inject was his great-grandfather . 
 she explained that he had been brought to the tauranga hospital some months back with severe head injuries . 
 while the patient had recovered from the physical wounds , the mental wounds were severe enough that the hospital had him transferred over to the the long-term care facility . 
 `` and he 's been a royal pain in the arse ever since , i do n't mind telling . 
 if he 's one of yours , you 're welcome to him , '' the nurse exclaimed . 
 the frustration in her voice was palpable . 
 noel offered proof of gg 's identity when he described his scars from his world war ii injuries in detail . 
 the doctor wrote them down in a notebook . 
 he did n't dare touch the crazy man , so he asked noel to visibly verify the information for him . 
 `` grandfather , we need to check you over for some old wounds you suffered . 
 the doctor will confirm them and you 'll be able to go home . 
 please let me check . '' 
 the old man was happy to disrobe , if it meant getting out of the care facility . 
 he stood up and took his clothes off . 
 standing naked among the other patients , noel pointed out the scars he had described while the doctor confirmed them . 
 noel hugged his great-grandfather like he had never hugged anyone in his life . 
 they ignored the crowd of patients around , all of whom stood up and disrobed in unison . 
 each patient wanted to leave and if standing naked on the promenade would do the trick , they would all gladly comply . 
 the paperwork was quickly signed and gg was released to noel 's care . 
 the two of them took major smith back to his room . 
 the major knew that noel would be leaving in the morning and they would not likely cross paths again . 
 the `` indos ' were almost all repatriated back to their country and word had been sent down that the american troops would finally be heading home . 
 `` noel , great-grandfather leffingwell , '' the major said . 
 `` it has been a privilege to serve with you both . 
 interesting at times , but a privilege . '' 
 he struggled to stand with his leg cast . 
 as he braced himself against the bed , he snapped a salute . 
 the two kiwis returned the salute . 
 `` major , thank you for your service to new zealand . 
 you 're always welcome here , and we 'll be shouting the beers . 
 you 'll never have to pay for drinks in my country , i can assure you , '' grandfather said . 
 noel nodded in agreement . 
 the next morning , noel and his great-grandfather headed to the bus station . 
 they were soon headed home to aorere . 
 chapter 41 boise , idaho the president had returned to boise for a summer vacation . 
 like all chief executives before him , each had established a ` summer white house ' . 
 the white house was a thing of the past , but a vacationing president was not . 
 staying in a compound on lake mccall , the president and his staff enjoyed the fine idaho weather as they worked part-time . 
 the other time was spent water skiing , riding jet skis or fishing . 
 a newly formed secret service continued its job in protecting the nation 's leader . 
 only one public event was scheduled . 
 a press conference had been set to announce the findings of the ewing commission . 
 charged with detailing the culprits in the 2008 financial collapse and subsequent bailout , the final report was ready . 
 paul and amanda had been invited to attend . 
 they were seated along one wall next to general ed gale . 
 paul and ed were chatting as the news conference got under way . 
 as one of the principal authors of what was being called ` the final accounting of the former united states ' , john would have a place next to the president . 
 gathering at the mccall conference center was a large press crew , anxious for news . 
 the report had been awaited by the public who looked to the new government to clean house of the old politics that had led to the nation 's ruin . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen , the president of the union of american states . 
 please rise , '' the chief-of-staff announced . 
 with no other additional fanfare , the president walked in from a side room and took his place at the lectern on the raised dais . 
 dr. john ewing along with other members of the ewing commission , were seated behind him . 
 the president started his welcoming remarks by introducing the members of the commission . 
 finished with formalities , he proceeded to go through the executive summary . 
 the president outlined what action the national government was taking in bringing the perpetrators of the financial collapse to justice . 
 `` i 'd like general ed gale to rise and be acknowledged . 
 general gale , formerly of the u. s. navy , has volunteered to take command of the naval transport of the interned criminals . 
 as you may know , australia has generously offered to incarcerate these individuals in gratitude for our help in clearing the chinese invaders from their shores , '' the uas president said . 
 `` in addition , the australian government has agreed to take the criminal gangs that were captured during the recent chaos . '' 
 paul looked at his old friend and noticed the chiseled hard expression on his face . 
 as ed continued to look sternly in the president 's direction , paul knew what was on his mind . 
 they had both talked the night before and ed revealed the promise he had made to himself back at the beginning of the campaign to liberate the pacific northwest . 
 he knew his friend would follow through on his promise to all the victims . 
 the financial criminals would be just icing on his cake , he thought . 
 finishing up his delivery , the president finally asked for questions . 
 the press shot their hands up and the questions were routine at first . 
 most of the questions could be answered if the press had bothered to take the time to read the report . 
 paul marveled at the patience the president displayed as he answered the questions hurled at him . 
 recognizing the new york times reporter , the president waited for the question . 
 the new york times had been dying a slow death before ` the pulse ' . 
 now , with new york city in shambles and depopulated , the times had reverted to a status of scandal reporting to try and get its circulation back . 
 `` mr. president , i want to question the truthfulness of this whole report , '' the reporter started . 
 that 's rich , coming from the former newspaper that got caught fabricating stories for years , paul thought . 
 he knew he could never be a politician and put up with the likes of this guy . 
 the times reporter continued , `` is n't it true that many of these so-called criminals have never seen the inside of a courtroom ? '' 
 `` they were all duly tried and convicted under a military tribunal . 
 the nation was under martial law at that time , fighting for its survival , '' the president answered . 
 `` i would like to quote a member of the new uas house of representatives . 
 congresswoman rebecca richards said yesterday on the floor of the house , and i quote , ` never in our nation 's long history has such a miscarriage of justice ever taken place , ' unquote . 
 how do you respond ? '' 
 paul noticed ed 's anger rise . 
 the initial census that congress had ordered was just finishing its rough count . 
 it appeared that approximately 160 million people had died from the aftereffects of ` the pulse ' . 
 close to half the old united states had fallen victim ; better than the 90 % death rate predicted by the original congressional report , but still devastating . 
 that anyone was even now questioning the justice in incarcerating the criminals that had been responsible for many of those deaths was incredible , paul thought . 
 paul just sat amazed at it all . 
 the president was more confident of the nation 's mood however . 
 `` yes , and after ms. richards had offered those words of wisdom , congressman horace wilder , formerly sergeant wilder of our own idaho 3rd scouts , stood up in rebuttal . 
 i 'll remind everyone that sergeant wilder was the man responsible for bringing the notorious chairman z and his henchwoman , ` the chairwoman ' , to justice . 
 the good folks of idaho rewarded his diligence with a seat in the house . 
 his response was , and i quote , ` may them all burn in hell ' , unquote . '' 
 the other members of the press all stood and clapped at the president 's remarks . 
 the times reporter sat down in frustration . 
 he was finding out that the union of american states was a very different place than the old country had been . 
 `` mr. president , '' a woman 's voice yelled above the others . 
 everyone turned to look at a large woman standing at the rear of the room holding her flip notebook . 
 the president acknowledged this new antagonist . 
 she continued , `` margaret streeter , christian press of charleston , south carolina . 
 on a different subject , my readers want to know what moral standard you have in your administration . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , ms. streeter . 
 what are you referring to as a ` moral standard ' ? '' 
 `` mrs. streeter , mr. president , '' the reporter corrected . 
 `` you have recently signed legislation that the christian caucus in congress was instrumental in helping you pass . 
 since the libertarian caucus seems to be allied with the christian caucus , my readers demand to know just what moral requirements you have for your administration , '' mrs. streeter demanded . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mrs. streeter . 
 i can assure you that my administration has the highest ethical and moral standards . 
 i will remind your readers that under our new system , i do not pick my cabinet . 
 the members of the cabinet are appointed by their respective bodies of congress , '' the president explained . 
 `` consequently , they do not serve at my pleasure and can only be removed by the respective bodies that appointed them . '' 
 `` but you are responsible for the personal advisors you choose . 
 am i correct that they serve at your pleasure ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 each cabinet member personally chooses their advisors , '' the president answered . 
 paul stood wondering where this was leading . 
 he quickly found out . 
 `` then you condone people working for you living in sin . 
 allowing unmarried fornicators in your administration is a serious concern and would raise questions on your judgment , '' mrs. streeter said . 
 `` my readership encompasses much of the south and the midwest . 
 they would take a dim view of their representatives aligning themselves with such types . '' 
 paul was stunned . 
 he looked right at amanda who was near tears . 
 was it me this woman was talking about ? 
 he thought . 
 paul was afraid of the answer . 
 `` mrs. streeter . 
 my staff and advisors ' personal life is private . 
 i have n't taken the time nor do i intend to inquire of people 's sleeping arrangements , '' the president answered . 
 paul could feel the tension this assertion caused him . 
 `` well , for your political future , maybe you need to be asking the question . '' 
 `` if that 's what our country is coming to , then my political career will be over . 
 i will not spy on my staff . 
 and i believe the american people will not go there either , '' the president barked . 
 he turned and left the stage . 
 the press all yelled questions at the departing president , to no avail . 
 paul realized that he was in the crosshairs now . 
 `` dr. kendall , what 's the truth about this reporter 's charge ? 
 are there fornicators in this administration ? '' 
 one yelled . 
 it was too much for amanda . 
 she broke for the side door before paul could reach her . 
 he was stopped by the charging crush of the press who were demanding answers . 
 john rushed over and helped rescue his brother . 
 they both exited the side door that the president had used . 
 the secret service blocked any antagonist from following . 
 `` mr. president , i 'm very sorry about that , '' paul said . 
 `` if they think they can get away with that , they 've got a lesson to learn . 
 i compromised with them over the gold standard , but if they want to ram their morality down the country 's throat , they 've got a fight on their hands . '' 
 the president spewed to no one in particular . 
 noticing paul standing beside him , he added . 
 `` you better take care of that woman of yours . '' 
 `` we did n't mean to bring this spotlight on your administration , sir , '' paul offered . 
 `` oh that . 
 pay no attention to the rants of the press . '' 
 paul looked around for amanda . 
 a staff member told him she had hit the door running , with tears streaking her face . 
 * * * it took paul a week of searching before he finally located her , or at least discovered where she had gone . 
 searching in all her old haunts , paul finally remembered her brother worked for the forest service in challis . 
 driving to challis , he had to work to get his answer . 
 amanda had left strict instructions with her brother that she did n't want to see anyone and it took some male bonding to get paul an answer . 
 the brother finally admitted he had offered her the use of butt 's point lookout tower for a respite from any press scrutiny . 
 driving north through salmon , paul turned left at north fork and drove down the salmon river . 
 he returned to the mouth of the middle fork of the salmon river where the adventure that had been the past two years really had begun . 
 parking at the same corn creek campground where paul had confirmed that ` the pulse ' had taken place , he called salmon river lodge on the opposite side of the river . 
 a small row boat was soon launched and rowed over to pick up paul . 
 `` hiking up to butt 's point , huh ? '' 
 the ranch hand asked as he ferried paul back across . 
 `` yes , is it far ? '' 
 `` depends whether you 're looking at a map or not . 
 on a flat map , do n't look too far . 
 if you look up and see that rocky ridge way up there , it 's a fair climb . '' 
 paul looked straight up from the boat . 
 `` up there ? 
 how much of a climb ? '' 
 `` better than four thousand feet . 
 seventy-seven switchbacks to be exact . 
 i take the horse pack train up into frank church basin each week with the dudes . 
 not bad , on a horse , '' he offered . 
 paul looked up at the monster hill in front of him . 
 he then looked down the river canyon at the setting sun . 
 the climb would be mostly in the dark . 
 `` hope you brought a flashlight , or you 're faster than you look . 
 not much daylight left , '' the ranch hand said . 
 `` hate to be looking for you because you stumbled off the trail up there . 
 as you can tell , it 's a long way down . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 thanks again for the boat ride . '' 
 `` not to worry . 
 the woman that came through here last week swam over and got the boat herself . 
 said she could n't wait for me to get done with my chores . 
 she was in some hurry . 
 good looker , though . '' 
 `` you saw her then ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 he was anxious for confirmation that she was up the hill . 
 `` sure did . 
 saw her in the all over , if you know what i mean . 
 sunbathing , naked as a jaybird . 
 on the walkway around the fire tower . 
 did n't even try to cover up as i rode by on my horse . 
 just waved , sort of friendly like . 
 took the dudes quite a spell to calm down after that . '' 
 `` that sounds like her , '' paul said . 
 amanda was definitely up the hill , he thought . 
 paul lifted his day pack and headed in the direction that his new friend indicated . 
 the trail took off up the hill on the other side of the large sandy beach they had landed on . 
 paul started counting the switchbacks as he climbed the hill . 
 the sun continued to set as the trail wound back and forth . 
 sweating from the exercise , paul stopped for a water break . 
 he had counted twenty switchbacks so far . 
 fifty-seven to go , he thought . 
 in the dimming light , he pulled out his flashlight . 
 but the trail was obvious , even in the dark . 
 horses had been using the trail for years and paul could follow it by smell alone . 
 he put the flashlight away at the next water break . 
 the switchbacks continued in an uneven manner . 
 some would come in groups and paul got encouraged . 
 then long stretches of trail would wind its way around the ridge until a switchback finally appeared . 
 but the trail climbed steadily . 
 the stars came out and the brilliant idaho night sky grew as paul climbed higher . 
 more and more sky became visible the further he climbed toward the ridge top . 
 the night sky glowed with no interruption from any manmade light anywhere to be seen . 
 finally , paul counted out the seventy-seventh switchback and stopped to look around . 
 he was surrounded by trees with no fire tower in sight . 
 he continued walking and figured it must be about eleven o’clock . 
 as he wound his way up the curving trail , the sky suddenly opened up as the trees dropped off . 
 he could make out the outline of a ridge as it headed toward the southwest . 
 and just above him was an outline of a structure , but not what he had been expecting . 
 there was no tower of any kind ; just what looked to be a small two-story house . 
 the roof outline in the dark resembled what he had seen of fire towers , but this one was a pygmy . 
 he walked toward the building , not sure if this was the right place . 
 in his haste at leaving boise , he had left without a sleeping bag or tent . 
 so , if this was n't the right place , he would be stuck bivouacking against the building 's wall until sunrise . 
 he was n't looking forward to that . 
 retrieving his flashlight , he saw the gravel path leaving the main trail . 
 as he walked up the gravel path , his boots crunched loudly . 
 a set of stairs leading up to the top floor was in front of him . 
 should he climb the steps ? 
 he thought . 
 he did n't know for sure if this was amanda 's fire tower . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 a voice called from above . 
 a familiar voice , paul thought . 
 before he could answer , the voice added . 
 `` i have a 357 magnum aimed down the stairs and will use it if you take one step up . '' 
 that 's my girl , paul thought . 
 disguising his voice , paul said . 
 `` do n't shoot lady . 
 i was hiking in morrison park and seem to have gotten lost . '' 
 morrison park was the park next to boise state university campus . 
 `` what the ... ? 
 how did you end up here ? '' 
 paul could n't contain his laughter anymore and burst out laughing . 
 a lantern in the tower came to life and a face popped over the handrail . 
 `` paul , what in the world ? 
 how did you find me ? 
 oh , my brother . 
 he 's the only one who knew where i was . 
 wait ` til i see him . '' 
 still chuckling , paul asked . 
 `` could a stranger find a little shelter here ? 
 it 's getting chilly out here and i 'm sweaty from that climb . '' 
 `` did you drag mrs. streeter and the anti-fornication league along with you ? 
 i can do without her . '' 
 `` yeah , so i hear . 
 thrilling the tourists with the idaho nymph legend . 
 i 'm surprised the dudes are n't all camped at your doorstep waiting for another naked sighting , '' paul teased . 
 `` watch it , you 're on thin ice around here . 
 how i live my life is my business . 
 if horse packers get a thrill because i 'm sun bathing , i 've got my .357 ready if they think there 's more than that available . '' 
 `` not me , i 'm here to see the woman i love . 
 why did you run out on me last week ? 
 we can handle those people . 
 and we can do it better together , '' paul offered . 
 `` i did n't want to be the one that sullied your position with the president . 
 i know how important that is to you , '' amanda said . 
 `` you need to know something right now . 
 everything else in my life takes second spot to my feelings for you . 
 i love you and want to spend the rest of my life with you , if you 'll have me , '' paul explained . 
 `` are you asking me to marry you ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 `` if you are , you 're not being very romantic about it . '' 
 `` well , it 's hard to be romantic at the bottom of a set of stairs with a .357 magnum threatening me if i take one step , '' paul said . 
 they both broke out laughing . 
 receiving permission to climb the stairs , paul reached amanda . 
 kneeling down , he properly proposed marriage . 
 he then asked if she wanted him to go and ask her father for her hand in matrimony . 
 `` no , that 's not necessary , but asking on your knees is a nice gesture . 
 i wo n't have to shoot you now . '' 
 `` spoken like the woman of my dreams , '' paul threw back . 
 * * * paul awoke the next morning to one of the most spectacular views in idaho . 
 butt 's point lookout stood on a rocky ridge that overlooked the salmon canyon . 
 from the walkway surrounding the second story , one could look straight down and see the salmon river close to where paul had crossed . 
 looking out , the lookout held a commanding view of northern idaho . 
 to the east stood the bitterroot mountains in montana . 
 to the west , the wallowa mountains in oregon stood out . 
 in between , hell 's canyon fell away . 
 `` i 'm not sure i want to leave , '' paul said . 
 `` we 'll run out of food soon , unless we can get the packers to bring some in to us . '' 
 `` i have a better idea . 
 let 's head home to bruneau , have a quiet wedding and then head to hawaii for a honeymoon , '' paul said . 
 amanda smiled at her memories of hawaii . 
 she remembered the warm weather and their swims in the sea . 
 she smiled at the thought of the australian prime minister almost catching them skinny dipping . 
 amanda put her arms around paul and kissed him . 
 he needed no further answer . 
 chapter 42 bruneau , idaho the wedding quickly became the social event of the decade in tiny bruneau , idaho . 
 paul and amanda had decided to have a simple ceremony with just family members . 
 they had found a quiet spot on the kendall ranch for the service . 
 it stood along the banks of the bruneau river under some locust trees interspersed with large poplar and juniper trees . 
 the family began mowing the grass and making the area worthy of a wedding . 
 chairs were borrowed from the bruneau baptist church for the day . 
 everything was set , at least up until the time that paul learned that the president would be attending . 
 suddenly their small wedding was turned upside down as they struggled to keep it manageable . 
 the community of bruneau cooperated in the couple 's request and the owyhee county sheriff joined the effort . 
 even ` big bob ' caldwell , sheriff of adjoining elmore county offered deputies for the event . 
 the three roads leading to bruneau would be closed prior to the wedding and only invited guests would be allowed into town . 
 the largest hall , the bruneau grange hall , was reserved for the reception . 
 on top of the wedding , john and julie had planned to have their first child baptized the friday evening before . 
 they found out the president would arrive a day early and attend their event , also . 
 with the president of the uas in attendance , a simple baptism and wedding in bruneau , idaho had turned into a media event . 
 john ewing and his wife julie had wanted a simple ceremony at the local church to celebrate the birth of their first child . 
 but when the president had gotten wind of the affair , he changed his itinerary and added the baptism to the wedding plans . 
 the congress had recently taken up his initiative on encouraging large families . 
 the initiative was to start the recovery of the nation 's population that had been lost due to ` the pulse ' . 
 a new baby being baptized was just the event the president wanted to emphaize his policy . 
 the next day , amanda and paul ended up with a quiet wedding by the river in spite of their important guest . 
 a gloriously pleasant september saturday , combined with the gurgling sound of the slow river in the background made a perfect setting . 
 after the service the newly married couple moved their celebration to the grange hall , as food and drinks were laid out on tables . 
 a small clutch of reporters who had been kept from the wedding service itself were allowed to join the reception . 
 things were going smoothly until julie came and said to paul , `` you need to do something . 
 kevin is buttonholing the president . '' 
 paul and amanda were sitting at the head table greeting well-wishers while the party buzzed around them . 
 `` julie , it 's ok . 
 the president can handle himself , '' paul said . 
 `` but you know kevin . 
 his ideas are a little over the top , '' julie threw back . 
 paul knew her concern would only grow , so he stood up and headed over to escape the continued haranguing . 
 as he approached the two , he could tell the discussion was intense . 
 `` explain to me again . 
 i think i understand what you 're saying , but it is a little startling , '' the president said . 
 oh god , paul thought . 
 kevin is on his soapbox again . 
 ever since he had reached bruneau from his brush with mortality on the east coast , he had settled into the community . 
 glad to be around people who had not witnessed the horrors of life after ` the pulse ' , he had joined in local events . 
 eventually he met a local woman who had been left widowed with two children . 
 but as he worked on his new girlfriend 's ranch near the kendall place , his thoughts turned to what the massive coronal mass ejection that had crushed the earth 's electronics implied . 
 it fit with what he had been working on before ` the pulse ' . 
 kevin shepardson had started college life as a history major . 
 getting a master 's degree in history had led him into the phd program at georgetown university in washington , d.c. . 
 but it was his sister 's interest in astrophysics that had diverted him from a life of strictly history . 
 while his main interest was european medieval history , julie 's study of the sun led him to the work of piers corbyn . 
 that discovery had changed his life . 
 it would soon change the world . 
 corbyn was a british astrophysicist that had turned a rather obscure science into a moneymaker . 
 corbyn 's business revolved around studying current sunspot activity and then comparing that information to a point in history with a similar sun spot activity pattern . 
 when he pinpointed a similar pattern , corbyn would then look at the weather records for that time in history . 
 he made money on his work by placing bets on future weather activity . 
 in 2009 , the official weather forecasting service for great britain predicted a mild winter . 
 corbyn , through his work , predicted correctly the coldest one in a hundred years . 
 he made money investing on the difference . 
 kevin had become consumed by corbyn 's work and became quite proficient at matching his forecasts . 
 using his knowledge of medieval history , he worked with julie by email on monitoring the sun 's activity . 
 he soon made enough money on his future predictions to fund both his and julie 's graduate school work . 
 but now here he was cajoling the president with his theories . 
 paul decided he 'd better intervene . 
 `` kevin , the president has many friends here . 
 please let some others enjoy this time with him . '' 
 `` no paul , this is quite interesting , '' the president interrupted . 
 `` please continue . '' 
 `` mr. president , i do n't take you for one of the global warming true believers . 
 am i right ? '' 
 kevin asked . 
 `` at least not anthropogenic global warming . 
 if the sun is causing warming , i would be open to that . 
 but man-made ? 
 no way . '' 
 `` good , i do n't have to start at the beginning then , '' kevin said . 
 `` but are you familiar with global cooling , sir ? '' 
 `` well , i know about the ice age . 
 and the little ice age that europe suffered through after the middle ages . '' 
 `` well , hear me out then . '' 
 kevin was animated now as he talked . 
 `` we just experienced the largest cme in recorded history . 
 a z class solar flare just does n't happen every day , but we got to live through one . '' 
 `` and i 'm happy they do n't happen frequently , '' the president said . 
 kevin continued to explain how solar activity happened in eleven-year cycles and that the current cycle was designated a solar maximum . 
 solar flares would be at their maximum strength as witnessed by the one that had produced ` the pulse ' . 
 paul noticed others had gathered around and were listening intently to the conversation . 
 a couple of the reporters were leaning in and taking notes . 
 great , paul thought . 
 he should have broken up this little confab as soon as he had walked over . 
 he glanced at amanda and received a glare in return . 
 but kevin continued with his talk , `` mr. president , we are currently in cycle 24 . 
 we are approaching the end of an eleven year cycle . 
 have you given any thought to what cycle 25 will bring ? '' 
 `` no , i 've been busy dealing with the effects of cycle 24 , i 'm afraid , '' the president said . 
 there was frustration in his voice . 
 `` sir , i think we need to break this up . 
 you do have other duties today , i believe , '' paul injected , attempting to end the discussion before things got out of hand . 
 `` yes , i do need to be attending to my schedule , '' the president said . 
 he looked around for help in extracting himself from the situation . 
 john and julie noticed the president 's predicament and walked over to help . 
 `` mr. president , i want to thank you for coming , '' paul said as he placed his arm under the president elbow to escort him out of the entanglement . 
 `` just one more minute . 
 i can assure you it will be worth your time , '' kevin pleaded . 
 the president looked over at paul and made eye contact that indicated he needed help extracting himself from his predicament . 
 `` please wrap it up , kevin , '' paul offered sternly . 
 `` what if the z-class blast that hit earth , ` the pulse ' as we call it , was an explosion that released all the pressure inside the sun ? 
 now that the pressure is gone , what might we expect next ? '' 
 kevin dropped the bomb and stood back . 
 the crowd stood waiting for the answer , but kevin stood mute . 
 he wanted the moment to settle in and the silence was like a roar in the room . 
 finally a voice spoke up . 
 the crowd around the president all turned to look at its source . 
 `` nothing , '' julie said . 
 the uninformed took that in and stood content . 
 nothing is good , is n't it ? 
 paul thought . 
 he was obviously one of the uninformed . 
 the president joined the consensus , `` nothing is good , right ? '' 
 his voice hesitant . 
 `` nothing is bad . 
 very bad . 
 very , very bad , '' dr. john ewing , professor of astrophysics , answered . 
 paul was confused . 
 he asked , `` if a period of solar maximums had just about killed off humanity , then a little less activity must be good ? '' 
 `` a little less activity would be ok , but kevin may be right . 
 with the size of the explosion on the sun , the activity may drop off to nothing as the sun settles into a quiet period . 
 no sun spots of any kind for the next eleven years is catastrophic , '' john answered . 
 `` what are you telling me ? 
 we 're not out of the woods yet ? 
 we 've set the standard that all new electronic devices vital for society will be hardened against any future cme . 
 now you 're telling me we 've missed something ? '' 
 the president asked , showing the strain . 
 the reporters were leaning closer . 
 no one seemed to notice their existence . 
 what should have been discussed in private was being announced to the world . 
 `` mr. president , if my theory holds , then no sunspot activity will bring about another little ice age . 
 what you 've done so far is fine for an active sun . 
 what may be coming will take something totally different . '' 
 paul was grabbed from behind by amanda . 
 she forced his arm so that he had to turn around . 
 she pointed out the news reporters busy writing busily in their notebooks . 
 he quickly got the point . 
 `` mr. president , this is all interesting and i 'm sure we can set up a meeting with your science committee to review all of this . 
 but i do insist that we leave for boise now , '' paul said . 
 paul shoved forward and took the president by the arm . 
 his brother , john , took the other . 
 with amanda opening a path , they led him out of the melee that was quickly developing . 
 `` mr. president , what are the ramifications that these scientists are talking about ? 
 what is your administration going to do about this new development ? '' 
 the reporters all yelled as the leader of the country was hustled out of the room . 
 they quickly turned their attention to the instigator of the whole controversy . 
 `` mr. shepardson , can you describe what global cooling means ? '' 
 but their voices carried into the emptiness as julie took kevin 's arm and headed him in the opposite direction . 
 the reporters were stopped at the door by the local bruneau guests . 
 the president and his advisors climbed into his suburban . 
 a cordon of security stood at a distance . 
 the president turned to john , `` ok , what just happened ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , mr. president . 
 that was not suppose to happen . 
 my sincerest apologies , '' john said . 
 `` i 'm not worried about the press , but what you and your brother-in-law were saying . 
 any truth to it ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid there 's a very real possibility that what kevin is saying could be true . 
 a silent sun for any length of time is serious , '' john said . 
 `` and before we go any further , mr. president , you need to know kevin is already acting on his theory . 
 he has put together a consortium of local ranchers to pool their money and purchase farmland in alabama and california . 
 my son has already moved to alabama to get everything set up , '' `` and my daughter , brittany , has joined one of the local sons of those investors , '' john added . 
 `` they are in petaluma , california , purchasing sheriff sale property cheap and getting it ready for production . '' 
 `` why did n't you inform me about this earlier ? 
 anyone else privy to this information ? '' 
 the president asked . 
 `` just old family friends in new zealand . 
 the leffingwell family have been in touch and i have informed them . 
 they have headed to the north island and are purchasing chinese-owned farm land at sheriff sales . 
 seems the chinese owners are n't paying their property taxes , '' john answered . 
 `` and this information has just recently come up . 
 kevin has kept things very quiet while he put his money investors together . '' 
 `` well , thanks for declaring your interests in this . 
 but this is too big an issue to the nation to worry about all that . 
 if your brother-in-law turns out correct in his prediction , his investing before the event will be a small blip . 
 so , spit it out , what are we talking about ? '' 
 the president demanded . 
 `` if it needs dealing with , i need to know . '' 
 `` a silent sun means cold . 
 a little ice age , or god forbid , a major ice age . 
 even with a little ice age , the northern latitudes will be frozen wastelands until the sun begins a new cycle . 
 everything north of missouri will be so cold that crops wo n't grow . 
 europe back in the little ice age suffered massive famines . 
 the dark ages were named for this period in history , '' john said . 
 `` john , forget the ewing commission . 
 you are to convene the best scientific minds we have and give me a report on the possibility of global cooling as soon as possible . 
 we were prepared for the cme when it came . 
 i intend to have the whole country prepared for what comes next . '' 
 turning to his other advisors , the president continued , `` paul and amanda , go have your honeymoon , but make it short . 
 i 'll need you both working out the political implications of all this . 
 paul said , `` mr. president , i 'm afraid the sun has n't finished with us yet . 
 author 's note the very real threat of an emp attack on the united states motivated me to write this book . 
 while other books have dealt with a hostile power 's attack on the u.s. with nuclear missiles , i chose the sun 's threat to the earth . 
 watching the news , it seems that there is almost a monthly report of solar flares taking place that could attack our world . 
 while some are small in nature , some catastrophic flares have been reported . 
 luckily , the very big ones were not aimed at earth . 
 but either a manmade or natural emp is a very real possibility . 
 meanwhile , the `` 2004 report of the commission to assess the threat to the united states from electromagnetic pulse -lrb- emp -rrb- attack '' continues to languish in washington d.c. with the 90 % fatality rate stated by the commission 's report , america 's basic survival is threatened . 
 the very real chance of 300 million fellow dead americans certainly motivated me which is why i decided to present a story where individual states took steps to prepare . 
 writing a novel using the current state of preparation was too depressing to consider . 
 i want the reader to understand the risk to our way of life is very real . 
 an individual 's preparation may be a start , but the real answer is a responsive government , even if it 's at a local or state level . 
 it would appear that politics at the federal level has ceased to consider the country 's survival an important election topic . 
 maybe that will change . 
 acknowledgements first i would thank both jeanne crownover and timothy johns , my tireless editors . 
 though they works hard that my writing is presentable , place no blame on them for the final product . 
 that all rests with me . 
 my proof readers offer valuable feedback at different phases as my draft is put together . 
 dick martin , marsha wiles , larry stoddard , tiffany martin , barbara foster , john briggs and rod gravelly have all kept me from straying too far off on tangents . 
 charlie cremeans was instrumental at the beginning of my writing in offering words of advice , support and encouragement . 
 john ewing was an early supporter who did n't get to see the final product . 
 his wife bertha ewing was invaluable as a listener as i read out loud to her on one of my many edit jobs . 
 finding morwenna rakestraw to do the cover layout was a relief . 
 mitch press of world book has offered his wisdom from his family 's years in the book business . 
 while not all encouraging , his guidance as publishing transforms in the digital age has been invaluable . 
 lastly , my wife , deserves recognition for tolerating my swerve into being an author . 
