 autumn 's ravage book one the dream cane series © by phil armstrong published by 2promises publishing house © * * * * * title and copyright page autumn 's ravage by phil armstrong thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 you are welcome to share it with your friends . 
 this book may be reproduced , copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes , provided the book remains in its complete original form , with the exception of quotes used in reviews . 
 your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated . 
 the cover graphic has been licensed and purchased by the author from dreamstime.com this book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons , living or dead , or places and events is purely coincidental . 
 the characters are productions of the author 's imagination and used fictitiously . 
 thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 isbn 978-0-9877284-4-9 autumn 's ravage copyright 2014 phil armstrong . 
 discover other titles by phil armstrong at www.2promises.com * * * * * autumn 's ravage * * * * * prologue : the ripostes scroll it was always thought to be a legend , a tall tale without much substance , but the select few who were fortunate to hear the story , were sworn to secrecy . 
 in the 1920 's , a tibetan priest stumbled badly upon a rocky path . 
 he fractured bones within his leg ; it was such a severe break , that his fellow priests feared for his life . 
 it was n't long before his badly damaged leg became infected causing the priests to reluctantly carry the injured priest down from their mountain monastery , and admit him to a hospital with western medicine , and modern practices . 
 the priest 's leg was immediately operated upon where steel pins were inserted , to hold the compromised bones in place . 
 to provide relief from his infection and raging fever , the priest was given powerful drugs that rendered him unconscious . 
 one calm evening , a young nurse heard noises coming from the priest 's room ; she entered to investigate and ensure his wellbeing . 
 the priest was mumbling away uncontrollably , as the infection-induced fever started to peak . 
 what she heard that night would change the way we looked at our world forever . 
 upon her deathbed , the nurse reluctantly shared her knowledge with her only son . 
 he followed her instructions by writing her words within a letter , contained in a sealed envelope , which would only be opened upon his death . 
 his dutiful wife was painfully informed that her husband would not return from the war . 
 she opened the letter and read its contents ; the letter has long since vanished , but the sacred knowledge imparted by the uncontrollable ramblings of the delirious priest , endures today . 
 there are nine realms in this world ; we live on earth , the fifth realm . 
 high in the cloud-covered mountains of haitden , deep within the third realm , lays the majestic monastery of light . 
 this is a place of deep spiritual connection , a place of enlightenment , where monks study ancient practices eloquently outlined in the ripostes scroll , which some say , provides answers to our universe 's deepest mysteries . 
 the scroll outlines the process used by the monks to travel between realms . 
 the monks dedicate their lives to protect the light , and all that is good across the nine realms . 
 earth 's tibetan priests had found a way to communicate with the monks using a form of deep meditation . 
 the monks of the third realm had fought the battles and had eradicated the forces of darkness from their world entirely , but it still exists within the other realms . 
 evil will always try to establish a foothold , where it can prepare an attack on the purity of the third realm . 
 dark powers are relentless , seeking any opportunity to corrupt , and ultimately destroy the ripostes scroll . 
 evil feeds upon fear , jealousy , and violence , in the hope that one day , it can rule the nine realms . 
 * * * * * the fourth realm - vianna chapter 1 : a stranger arrives in the village . 
 the village of autumn , the mine district . 
 `` jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius . '' 
 the roadside sign was made from weathered wood , illuminated by an old electric lamp , which had seen better days . 
 placed carefully at the side of a steep narrow road , it read `` welcome to autumn . '' 
 autumn was a small mining village , isolated by its northern proximity , far away from the bright lights of any city . 
 its inhabitants were genuine , hard working , proud and tough . 
 the wind howled through the tall pines , and thick spruce trees swayed as he pulled his dark hood closer to his face , to shield him from the biting wind . 
 he could see his warm breath billowing into small clouds supported by the frigid air . 
 the narrow road continued to cut a path through the thick trees as the sun was retreating from the day , giving way to the darkness , and a different type of light emerging from the rising moon . 
 the cold air stung his rugged face , his beard stubble offered some protection , but he still shivered . 
 he longed for a warm meal and a steaming cup of coffee as he glanced at his mud-covered boots . 
 he pointed the toe of his boot forward and began his final trek into the village . 
 his senses were keen and alert allowing him to hear noises deep within the forest , either side of the road . 
 no vehicles had passed him that night , as he approached the outskirts of the village of autumn . 
 autumn was n't a large place ; it consisted of a few streets arranged around , and leading to , a main street . 
 the village originally formed as a meeting place for miners , loggers and trappers . 
 autumn had a general store , a bank , a diner , a small hotel , and the sheriff 's office . 
 the nearest city was a three-hour drive , due south . 
 autumn was considered a tough place to live , where the locals were always described as hardy . 
 winter was brutal this far north , but the people knew how to survive , despite the bleak conditions by living off the land . 
 the local log mills had closed years ago , but one solitary copper mine was still operational and provided most of the employment for the residents of autumn . 
 he 'd walked about six miles as the dark night approached , and the evening grew colder . 
 his legs pumped in a steady rhythm as he tried to distract his mind . 
 ahead , he could see the faint outline of buildings , lights , and the start of the village . 
 this spurred him onwards with his pace picking up considerably . 
 it was n't long before he paused at a door to a building spilling welcoming warmth and light , onto the cold street . 
 the red painted sign announced , ` autumn 's diner . ' 
 it looked like a good place to get a warm drink , and some much needed food . 
 two wooden steps , and a white door , stood between him and a hearty meal . 
 he approached , pushing the door open with his large cold hand . 
 he walked inside and was greeted by a rectangular shaped room . 
 wooden booths were adorned with red padded benches that lined a center aisle . 
 at the end of the aisle was the kitchen , surrounded by stainless steel serving doors . 
 he flicked his eyes to the right , and then to the left , while he surveyed the scene before him . 
 as the door slammed shut behind him , he was bathed in a gust of cold air that rushed through the small diner . 
 it was the day before kelly 's nineteenth birthday , she was a happy soul who loved her job at the diner , yet countless people had advised her to move away from the village of autumn while she was still young , but kelly did n't listen . 
 she waited on tables , chatted with customers , and was quite content with her life in the rugged north . 
 the slower pace suited her more than the bright lights of laran city . 
 the hustle and bustle lifestyle did n't seem to hold the same attraction as it did for countless others who had left . 
 she 'd heard stories about her school friends , like ` moths to a flame ' they were described , but she never got excited about their exaggerated stories of success . 
 kelly was a very cute girl , in the village of autumn she was a catch with her shoulder length blonde hair , sparkling green eyes , and slim waitress figure , that came from being active and on her feet all day . 
 she had an infectious laugh , a positive friendly disposition , and a naivety that customers adored . 
 the men would tease her , and she would n't know if they were joking or serious , it was part of her charm . 
 with her million-watt smile , she would laugh and graciously collect the coins left into the tip jar . 
 kelly approached the stranger with her usual smile , `` hi , welcome to autumn 's diner , table for one ? '' 
 people turned their heads to examine the unfamiliar man that stood before them . 
 he was dressed in black from head to toe . 
 his large frame could not disguise the fact that he was a muscular man , he wore dark coloured boots covered in mud , and his black trench coat hung from his shoulders like a cape . 
 he wore a black hoody that was pulled up high to hide his head and most of his face . 
 his squared jaw protruded slightly , and his face was tilted at an angle where kelly could n't see his eyes from within the dark shadow cast by the hood . 
 he nodded his head as she approached , `` for one please , '' he said , pulling his cold hands from his pockets . 
 kelly could n't see the man 's facial features , but she knew from his height , and the size of his body , that she had n't served him at the diner before . 
 `` over here please , '' said kelly , waving him to a booth situated half way down the diner 's aisle , on the right hand side . 
 she slid a menu across the recently cleaned tabletop and watched him settle in . 
 he looked around the diner taking an inventory of its inhabitants . 
 he snapped open the belt of his trench coat and pulled his muscular arms from the wet , heavy , trench coat . 
 as he turned to hang his coat upon a brass hook , kelly 's eyes rested upon the area at the top of his shoulders . 
 his black cotton hoody clung to his muscular frame taut across his shoulders and back . 
 ` he 's big , ' was the thought that raced through kelly 's mind as she sized him up . 
 when he turned , her eyes involuntarily fell to his flat stomach . 
 he wore loose fitting black jeans , and a black leather belt with a plain silver buckle . 
 his hoody was baggy , but it was obvious that his mid section was narrow and lean , giving him that unmistakable ` v ' shape that she found so attractive . 
 grinning like a foolish schoolgirl , she tried to recover quickly , `` we have a mean shepherd 's pie tonight on special , and the bangers and mash seem to be popular too . '' 
 the stranger slid effortlessly into the open booth , which faced the door to the diner positioning his back to the kitchen . 
 he reached upwards and pushed his black hood away from his face , kelly stifled a curious gasp of approval , her pupils widening as she studied his face . 
 he had messy long black hair , with an unusual streak of white tucked behind his right ear . 
 his cheekbones were high and pronounced framing his eyes that were deep set with a puffy , swollen , look . 
 he squinted trying to adjust to the bright light of the diner . 
 he was n't a pretty man , he looked rugged , just the way kelly liked them . 
 she was so smitten with his deep-set green eyes that she forgot to ask him for his order , so he took matters into his own hands . 
 he tilted his head , and a strand of dark , wet hair , fell onto his forehead , distracting her . 
 `` can i get a black coffee please , while i take a look a quick look at the menu ? '' 
 his voice was deep and she seemed mesmerized . 
 she pulled herself together . 
 `` sure , i 'll get that for you right away . '' 
 she knew she was grinning like a besotted schoolgirl , but she could n't help it . 
 as she walked back towards the kitchen to get the coffee , she looked across at annie , the owner of the diner . 
 annie was grinning at kelly who waved her hand in the motion of a fan , to signal how hot she felt . 
 annie laughed , smiled , and nodded her approval . 
 annie looked at the stranger 's back , broad shoulders , and long dark tangled hair . 
 she knew he was n't a local and she knew he would n't be welcomed . 
 kelly adjusted her hair in the reflection of the glass servery door . 
 she tightened the belt on the back of her waitress uniform to ensure that it hugged her impressive figure tighter . 
 she poured the stranger 's coffee into a mug and hurried out to serve him . 
 kelly did n't look at annie this time instead she concentrated on the hot cup of coffee shaking in her hand . 
 she cautiously approached the stranger 's table , where she noticed that paul and brian had taken the booth situated across the aisle from the stranger . 
 `` two large regular coffees kelly sweetheart , when you have a minute , '' shouted a boisterous paul . 
 kelly liked to flirt with paul , it was obvious that he had a thing for her , and she always managed to secure a nice sized tip . 
 kelly liked paul , but she did n't like him in a serious way . 
 she 'd kissed him once at school , but they were kids back then and to her , it meant nothing . 
 paul was always loud , boisterous , and not too smart . 
 he always tried to show off around kelly , trying desperately to appear more successful than he really was and trying to demonstrate how clever he was . 
 unfortunately this often came at kelly 's expense for paul liked to put kelly down , or tease her about being stupid . 
 he thought it made him look clever , but it inevitably backfired and she just got annoyed with him where she thought he was an immature jerk . 
 kelly concentrated on the cup of hot black coffee ; she nodded at paul , but turned her back on him while she carefully set the cup down upon the stranger 's table . 
 `` have you decided yet ? '' 
 he lifted his gaze from the menu , and flashed his green eyes . 
 kelly got her opportunity to study his ruggedly handsome face ; he smiled and nodded . 
 `` kelly . 
 two coffees please over here , we 're freezing and we need a hot drink ! '' 
 paul was insistent and annoyed . 
 `` i 'll take your recommendation . 
 i 'll try the shepherd 's pie please . '' 
 the stranger folded his menu placing it gently upon the table in front of him . 
 kelly ignored paul , and wrote the stranger 's order and table number , into her small notepad . 
 she leaned over the edge of the table to retrieve the menu , catching the stranger 's eyes looking at her body . 
 paul was getting increasingly agitated . 
 paul slammed his fist onto the table and shouted , `` god damn it kelly , are you going to serve the regulars or what ? '' 
 kelly was caught off guard ; she did n't know how to respond . 
 annie had been watching paul and saved the day by arriving with two large coffees . 
 `` keep it down paul , i 've got your coffees . '' 
 annie placed the steaming cups onto the table in front of the boys , and gently leaned in , `` do n't start any trouble tonight boys , she 's only got one pair of hands , and you just needed to wait your turn . '' 
 annie delivered paul her sternest stare as she tossed a couple of packets of cream across the table , `` you hear me ? '' 
 brian responded first , `` yes , '' he said , reaching for the cream . 
 `` i 'm looking at you ! '' 
 said annie quietly . 
 paul lifted his head , `` yes , '' he said , reluctantly . 
 annie wheeled away with a smug look on her face where her eyes caught the gaze of chief great bear , a native indian elder . 
 chief great bear clutched his coffee mug tightly to absorb the warmth seeping through into his weathered , wrinkled , fingers . 
 his long grey hair fell upon his shoulders , braided in the style of his tribal elders . 
 annie smiled , but great bear remained cold and emotionless . 
 he sat motionless while observing every nuance of the diner , and every detail of the scene unfolding before him . 
 kelly retrieved the stranger 's menu and walked briskly to deliver his order to the kitchen that was located at the back of the diner . 
 paul and brian sipped their coffees in silence . 
 occasionally paul would glance at the large framed stranger seated next to him across the aisle . 
 the diner fell into an awkward silence , which was thankfully broken by the front door delivering another icy blast , and another customer . 
 a portly figure stumbled inside wearing the unmistakable dark green uniform of the village sheriff . 
 sheriff kevin jones was well known throughout autumn , he was the man who was supposed to represent the law . 
 he was raised and schooled in the village of autumn and married a local fiery red headed lass called jean . 
 in his younger days , sheriff jones was a good-looking man who filled out his uniform in a handsome way . 
 after a series of infidelities , and an illegitimate son , jean had reached her limit . 
 jean headed to laran city and the sheriff headed to the bottom of a whiskey bottle . 
 the sheriff drank , crashed the police cruiser , fought , and gained an excessive amount of weight . 
 he became belligerent and lost the respect of the village . 
 he represented the law , but he acted as if he were above the law . 
 sheriff kevin jones was a shadow of his former self ; he was now the village drunk , and the butt of all of the jokes . 
 he was the only person the village had tasked with upholding the law , yet he had trouble upholding his own weight . 
 it was obvious to the casual observer that having the village drunk driving a squad car and carrying a loaded gun , was a recipe for disaster . 
 a fatal accident occurred at the mine the week jean had left the sheriff . 
 two miners had been killed , and as protocol demands , the sheriff was summoned to investigate . 
 the sheriff 's younger brother david had been fatally crushed along with another miner , as the coalface had collapsed in a freak accident . 
 it was the hardest week of sheriff kevin jones ' life . 
 he 'd lost his wife and his only brother that week , and it damn near killed him . 
 paul was still a young boy when the sheriff visited his house that fateful day , he remembered his mother sobbing and stroking his hair , while holding him close . 
 paul 's father had died in the mining accident , and would n't be coming home from his shift at the pit . 
 his uncle , the sheriff , had been crying too as he told him of the news . 
 he 'd promised his mother that he would look out for him . 
 the sheriff drank constantly always carrying a full flask of whiskey with him . 
 tonight was no exception as he entered the diner sporting a bulbous red nose with the smell of liquor on his breath . 
 `` phew , it 's a cold one out there , and the wind 's picking up , '' he announced to the whole diner , as if everyone was interested . 
 he slammed the door closed behind him to keep the wind out , and strutted down the center aisle looking for an open booth . 
 the sheriff normally sat near the kitchen , away from the door . 
 he glanced at the patrons nodding his head at the boys , and smiling at paul . 
 looking at the boys , he missed the large frame of the man sat opposite them . 
 he noticed a couple of the guys from the mine ; a few men from the village , the old indian chief and the cheerful face of annie , sat in the final booth , as usual . 
 the sheriff headed for annie 's booth and sat in his usual place . 
 kevin liked annie , she was always pleasant , and he had a bit of a crush on her . 
 annie had a black coffee poured before his considerably sized derriere had planted itself on the fake red leather seat . 
 annie pushed the steaming cup in his direction , `` thanks annie , it 's a real cold one tonight . '' 
 ten minutes had passed with the quiet steady hum of conversation reverberating around the diner . 
 kelly arrived at the stranger 's table with a plate full of steaming hot shepherd 's pie . 
 she held the plate with a white towel , `` careful with the plate , it 's really hot . '' 
 she pushed his meal towards him and flashed him a warm welcoming smile . 
 the stranger reached for his knife and fork as kelly loitered . 
 she twisted her golden locks with one hand and tilted her head to one side . 
 this was a good move that she knew from experience would catch the attention of the male gender . 
 paul watched intently from the booth opposite , his blood was boiling . 
 `` i do n't think i 've served you before , are you new around here ? '' 
 inquired kelly , leaning over the table to get closer to the stranger . 
 the stranger stared at his meal . 
 the diner had fallen quiet , as if everyone had decided to follow along with her conversation . 
 he continued to stare at his meal , his cutlery gripped tightly within his large hands . 
 he nodded politely , without looking at her , `` yup . '' 
 he scooped a large helping of shepherd 's pie , and forced it into his mouth , so he could n't continue with the banal banter . 
 kelly was n't taking the hint ; she wanted him to notice her , `` so do you work at the mine or are you just passing through ? '' 
 the stranger swallowed his food , turned his head slowly , and stared at the fresh-faced teenager . 
 she straightened her back and leaned in closer . 
 he noticed her perfectly white teeth and deep green eyes . 
 `` i 'm passing through , '' he said under his breath , trying to make this conversation end . 
 kelly probed some more ; she was having fun flirting with the stranger in front of paul . 
 `` so what do you do for a living mister ? '' 
 the stranger was starting to get irritated , but how could you make a scene with the sheriff sitting a few booths behind you , and an innocent kid , as wholesome as apple pie , taking an interest ? 
 `` i 'm a logger and i 'm just passing through , that 's all . '' 
 kelly was having way too much fun to stop . 
 most of the men that came to the diner were fat , stupid , lazy , ugly , old , and crass . 
 it was n't often she got a chance to speak to a real hottie . 
 besides , if she flirted with him in front of paul , well that was a double bonus for she would 've paid the stranger her tip to do that . 
 kelly 's back was facing paul the entire time . 
 she had tightened her uniform where her firm buttocks were pressed against the thin flimsy material of her uniform . 
 paul 's eyes drank in the shape of his dream girl , while his ears listened to her fawning over another man who seemed to spurn her attempts at a conversation . 
 his blood continued to boil ; brian noticed his agitation . 
 brian pushed his right arm forward letting it rest on paul 's left forearm . 
 `` easy now , calm down , she 's just trying to wind you up . '' 
 brian flashed paul a stern look to emphasize his words . 
 paul stared at his coffee mug but listened in on the conversation intently . 
 his face had turned red , and he was tapping his wet boot in annoyance upon the tiled floor . 
 kelly leaned further over the stranger 's table pointing her rear end deliberately at paul . 
 `` the nearest logging outfit to here is operated out of dawson 's pass , and that 's not open for another three weeks . 
 you planning on hanging around for a few weeks then before moving up north ? '' 
 the stranger moved his chiseled face to within inches of kelly 's smooth fresh lips and looked deeply into her bright green eyes . 
 he smiled , and then let the smile fall from his face , `` you have a lot of questions dear , i normally do n't like naturally inquisitive women . 
 if it 's all the same to you , i 'd like to just eat my meal in peace , and get on with my business . 
 like i said , i 'm just passing through . '' 
 kelly stubbornly stood her ground ; her nose was almost touching the handsome stranger 's face . 
 her rear end was protruding into the center aisle , pushed taut against her uniform . 
 she 'd rested her chin upon her elbows , and she knew paul was about to blow his lid , but she did n't expect what happened next . 
 paul knew his uncle , the sheriff , was sitting at the rear of the diner . 
 this was the false courage that he needed to show kelly exactly the kind of man he was . 
 he leapt to his feet and pushed her aside in one fast movement . 
 kelly was precariously balanced to begin with , so the push sent her tumbling to the floor , giving paul full access to the stranger 's large frame . 
 paul loomed over the seated stranger , `` do n't like inquisitive women ! '' 
 he shouted , loud enough to get everyone 's attention . 
 `` who the hell do you think you are coming in here and being rude to the staff , when they 're trying to be friendly . '' 
 the stranger remained calm , slowly lowering his fork and resting it on his plate . 
 he casually dropped his hand underneath the table while paul was incensed at the lack of response . 
 kelly had regained her feet , `` what the hell do you think you 're doing paul ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` shut it . 
 i 'm trying to teach this scruffy logger here some good old-fashioned manners . 
 you ! '' 
 paul reached down to his belt and withdrew a hunting knife . 
 in one swift movement he 'd pointed the knife at the face of the stranger , `` apologize to her now for being so rude ! '' 
 the commotion had caught the attention of the sheriff , who was now standing in the aisle at the back of the diner . 
 paul had noticed his uncle 's presence from the corner of his eye , and it served to give him more courage and conviction . 
 great bear had been watching this escalate from his comfy vantage point , he 'd seen kelly flirting , and the effect it was having on paul . 
 the wise indian chief had sat silently observing every movement , every shift in weight , and every last detail . 
 the stranger had sat motionless until paul started to move the blade closer to his face . 
 the stranger 's movements were quick and decisive . 
 within a second , he 'd swept his boot into the aisle . 
 his strong leg had kicked the weight out from underneath paul , who crashed onto the floor in a heap . 
 the stranger had leapt so quickly from his booth surprising everyone at how quick he was for such a large man . 
 he jumped upon paul causing the sheriff to advance and withdraw his gun . 
 the stranger was tall , strong , and supremely athletic . 
 he sprang to his feet powering himself upwards with his stocky legs . 
 with one of his large hands he had grabbed the collar of paul 's shirt . 
 he lifted paul powerfully from the floor , leaving his feet dangling in thin air . 
 paul had managed to hold on to his knife where he lifted the blade , and readied to use it . 
 paul was way too slow , as the stranger had withdrawn his knife anticipating paul 's move . 
 the stranger withdrew a fearsome blade , much larger than the one paul held . 
 the handle of the stranger 's blade was made from bone , and it protruded from his grip finished with a large , smooth , rounded knob . 
 lifting paul off his feet had disoriented the precocious teen , what happened next stunned him . 
 paul jabbed his blade aggressively towards the stranger 's abdomen , but his thrust had been anticipated . 
 with a powerful downward blow , the knobbed handle of the stranger 's blade , thundered into the weaker wrist bone of the riled up teenager . 
 paul howled in pain and dropped his blade ; it scurried across the tiled diner floor coming to rest at the feet of the sheriff . 
 paul dangled like a rag doll , realizing the enormous size of his adversary . 
 standing at six feet seven inches tall , with a massive muscular frame , the stranger lowered his large blade to his side . 
 `` put the gun away sheriff , '' he said , using the kid as a human shield . 
 great bear studied the knife ; this also afforded him the opportunity to study the man standing before him . 
 `` i used this knife in self defense , against an unprovoked attack . 
 in fact , i did n't use the knife at all ; i only used the butt end of the handle , to disarm this jealous little kid . 
 put your gun away , because all i want to do is go back to my coffee and my meal in peace . '' 
 sheriff kevin jones examined the size of the man standing before him . 
 he did n't believe he could take him using force , and did n't want to discharge his weapon , in his current drunken state . 
 he nodded at the stranger while slowly returning his drawn weapon to its holster . 
 the stranger threw paul at the feet of his uncle , `` i 'm going back to enjoy my meal in peace , i suggest you get this bag of hormones out of here , before he hurts himself . '' 
 the stranger returned to his seat resting his blade on the table beside him . 
 sheriff jones was motionless and clueless , and it was annie who took the lead , she kicked paul 's knife to the back of the diner and raced towards the downed teen . 
 `` get up and then get out - now ! 
 you ca n't come in here causing trouble , now out . '' 
 she grabbed him by his collar and lifted him to his feet , ushering him down the aisle towards the door . 
 it took a brief moment for all of this to sink in , but eventually paul came to his senses , he pushed his body against annie trying to stop her momentum . 
 he was about to protest when he felt a presence behind him , it was brian , `` come on paul , we need to get out of here . '' 
 brian grabbed his friend 's jacket and pushed him forcefully towards the door . 
 sheriff jones shook his head in dis-belief for he realized that he was incapable of resolving this conflict in his current drunken state . 
 paul was being pushed towards the door but he managed to catch a glance of the stranger 's large shoulders and made eye contact with kelly cowering in a booth near the door . 
 the boys disappeared through the front door of the diner the cold rasping air announced their departure . 
 silence descended over the diner as the stranger scooped a fork full of food , and pushed it into his eager mouth . 
 annie returned to her seat after safely stowing the grounded knife , she looked across the table at the deflated sheriff . 
 she reached forward and steadied his shaking hand , `` it 's ok kevin , no more drama tonight , and i 'll have a word with kelly later , and you need to talk to paul , deal ? '' 
 `` deal , '' the sheriff looked shaken . 
 kelly pulled herself together and headed back to the kitchen , as she passed the stranger , he pushed his hand into the aisle stopping her progress . 
 she sheepishly looked at his brilliant green eyes , `` a warm-up on the coffee please , it 's gone cold while we were having all that fun . '' 
 `` certainly , '' kelly headed to the back to retrieve the coffee pot . 
 * * * * * chapter 2 : a young man 's wounded pride . 
 the village of autumn , the mine district , the fourth realm . 
 `` in youth we learn ; in age we understand . '' 
 paul and brian stumbled outside into the parking lot enveloped by the crisp cold evening air , they looked at each other and burst out laughing , `` you 're a complete fool paul ! 
 you ca n't tell me that you did n't see the size of that bloke in there ? '' 
 to accentuate the point , brian pointed to the diner 's door , his hand still visibly shaking . 
 `` he was big was n't he ? '' 
 paul doubled over in laughter , relieved to be out of the fray . 
 `` sheriff jones , my uncle kevin , what a disaster ; absolutely useless that drunken fool . 
 kind of blown it with kelly now though . 
 what do you reckon ? '' 
 brian stopped laughing , `` you best leave well alone mate , and i do n't think she 's into you except for those large tips you 've been leaving . 
 listen , here 's what we 'll do , the night 's a bust now , and i think you should stay out of the uncle 's way for a bit . 
 he was not pleased with you pulling that knife , and we do n't want to run into that big guy any time soon . 
 i picked up a case of beer this morning and it 's still sitting in my truck . 
 i have my tent and a couple of sleeping bags , in fact , i have my camping gear stowed in my truck from the fishing trip last weekend - how about we drive up to archers point , hike up to the river , and pitch the tent on the bluff . 
 we can start a fire , cook up some beans , and drink some beers . 
 i think it best if we lay low for a while , and let this thing blow over - what do you say ? '' 
 `` sounds good . 
 they took my hunting knife - what have you got in the truck ? '' 
 i have my hunting knife on me and there 's a camping knife and a couple of rifles with some ammo in the truck - we should be fine . 
 i have a couple of large backpacks and supplies left over from the fishing trip , we have enough food , and we 'll start a fire . 
 you 're in deep trouble and uncle kevin will need some time to cool off and sober up . '' 
 `` cool off - yes , i would n't hold onto much hope for the sobering up part - you 're right , let 's go , it 's pretty damn dark ; if we 're lucky , we 'll get a high moon . '' 
 the two boys walked towards their truck before commencing their journey further north . 
 brian had grown up in the village of autumn , and he knew the back roads like the back of his hand . 
 brian used to travel these routes with his father , who regularly took him hunting and fishing , so he was very familiar with the route to archers point ; he 'd been there less than two weeks ago . 
 archers point offered a great place to safely park the truck near a roadside rest stop , from there , a simple fifteen-minute walk into the woods following an established trail , would lead them directly to the bluff . 
 the bluff was a mile long outcrop of rock overlooking a spectacular scene of trees and forest stretching out below them , with the rapids of the gernado river far below . 
 it was a quiet peaceful place where tourists did n't venture and hunters would n't go . 
 only the locals knew of this place , and it was far more popular in the summer months , at this time of year , nobody would be partying at the bluff . 
 this would make it a perfect hideaway place for a few days to let the tension die down . 
 brian hated the city and despised the village , he loved the woods , and for him , this is the place where he felt the most comfortable . 
 he loved being outdoors where he was fully trained in survival techniques . 
 brian knew the terrain well , the weather , the animals , and the dangers associated with staying in the woods . 
 back at the diner , the stranger had completed his meal - he caught the attention of kelly and motioned for the bill with a writing gesture . 
 kelly rang up his meal and delivered the itemized bill with haste and a renewed respect . 
 the stranger reached into his pockets and pulled out some money , he folded some crumpled notes into a pile , taking care to ensure that he left a reasonable tip . 
 he placed the money on top of the paper bill while reaching for the glass saltshaker , which he used as a weight to keep the bills anchored . 
 he stood to retrieve his long black coat , as he pulled on his trench coat his eyes came to rest upon the old indian chief - great bear . 
 great bear 's expression never changed , but he 'd been curiously watching the tall stranger since he 'd walked in . 
 the stranger smiled and nodded his head as a mark of respect to the old man , before heading for the door . 
 before entering the diner he 'd noticed a hotel sign located a couple of streets away , he needed a room and a good nights sleep . 
 the truck 's headlights struggled to illuminate the last part of the journey to archers point ; the darkness came quickly as the boys passed the native indian lookout point and parked against a rock face out of sight from the road . 
 brian organized the backpacks ensuring they contained the necessary survival supplies . 
 the sun 's light had been completely consumed by darkness with the sky covered in a heavy blanket of clouds and freezing cold air . 
 the boys were dressed in waterproof mountain gear , sturdy boots , wool hats , insulated jackets with hoods , carrying large backpacks with sleeping bags , a tent , rope , lighters , and other survival gear . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 said brian , shining his flashlight into paul 's face . 
 paul pushed the bright beam away , `` yes , did i tell you it 's really cold ? '' 
 brian smiled , `` yup . '' 
 `` well it is . 
 do n't know why i let you talk me into this hair brained idea ! '' 
 `` cos some idiot went and pulled a knife on a guy that was three times his size , and do you know why you did that ? 
 cos you were n't thinking with your head , you were thinking with another body part , and to make matters worse , you decided to do this in front of uncle sheriff ! 
 maybe that 's why we 're here , freezing our butts off . 
 you 're welcome , now take the rifle and place it over your shoulder , do n't worry it 's not loaded . 
 i have rounds in my backpack if we need them , and mine 's not loaded either , '' a small lie brian had to tell . 
 `` now come on , let 's get going before it gets too late , i want to get a good nights sleep , and not freeze my butt completely off . '' 
 it was n't long before the gushing noise of the river signaled their arrival on the stone bluff . 
 brian started to take over , `` this is the best place to make camp , but we have to get a fire going soon and start to get some warmth in our bones , plus it will keep any curious critters that we do n't feel like entertaining away . 
 i 'll pitch the tent ; leave the backpack and rifle here , take your flashlight , and go to the fringe of the tree line over there - brian pointed to the clearing . 
 find some dry wood , like branches , limbs and large twigs , should do nicely . 
 gather as much as you can and bring them back here ok ? 
 i 'll get the fire going but then you 'll have to gather some more wood , until i tell you to stop . 
 we 'll need enough to see us through the night . '' 
 paul nodded , but he was n't in the mood to argue for he knew brian was an expert at this stuff , and he followed his instructions without complaint . 
 the night air was still cold and his gloved fingers were starting to smart . 
 he used his flashlight and managed to gather a few decent sized branches , and a fair amount of wood . 
 when he returned , brian had a light stand erected and was completing the tent . 
 brian had worked quickly like an animal totally at ease in the wilderness ; paul let the branches fall to the ground and looked at brian for approval . 
 `` yes , this is good . 
 i 'm going to need about three more loads of this size ok ? '' 
 brian nodded and trudged off in search of more wood . 
 when he returned , brian had completed the erection of the tent and a lantern was lit inside illuminating the area in front of the tent . 
 paul could hear the rushing water of the river below as brian nodded his head . 
 for a moment , brian was impressed with his friend 's foraging skills ; he was stooped over the pile of wood as he lit the brush , dried moss , and ferns used to ignite the makeshift fire . 
 paul dropped his second load and scurried off to find more wood . 
 when he returned for the final time , the pungent smell of crackling , burning , wood assaulted his nostrils in the most delightful way . 
 the soft warm glow of the fire pierced the brutally cold air of the night . 
 paul moved closer , dropping the wood on the pile he 'd previously gathered . 
 `` ca n't beat a good fire , '' said brian , rubbing his hands together to accept the warmth . 
 brian had camped here before ; the fire was surrounded by a group of large rocks , and he 'd placed stones within the hearth to retain the heat as the night wore on . 
 two rounded boulders were close to the fire 's hearth , `` come , sit , this is the best way to get warm . '' 
 brian pointed to a dark rounded stone elevated from the damp ground . 
 brian let out a sigh of satisfaction , `` ahhhhh , '' he looked up at the night 's sky , the clouds had moved away now revealing a clear sky full of brilliant stars . 
 cold nights delivered the clearest skies and the best views of the celestial heavens . 
 this night offered a high moon , which cast its brilliant blue light onto the bluff . 
 this far north , the heavens were clear , not hampered by the light pollution spewing from large cities . 
 `` so , '' said brian inquisitively , `` perhaps you can tell me what you were going to do with that knife , and that monster of a man back there ? '' 
 his words hung in the crisp night air , suspended only by the tension in his voice . 
 their eyes met across the flickering fire before they both burst into raucous laughter . 
 `` yup , pretty stupid eh . '' 
 `` the art of love is largely the art of persistence , '' brian quoted as he threw a can of beer at his friend . 
 paul caught it , snapped the pull ring open and took a much-needed gulp , `` do n't get all fancy with me , we know which one of us has the brains , that 's pretty obvious . 
 i know i acted stupid in front of kelly , and i know i was jealous . '' 
 paul thought about his own words . 
 he knew what he had felt , and he could n't figure out a way to elegantly defend his actions . 
 `` i 'm not even going to waste my time on that one , you 've totally fancied her since you were both eight years old , but you know she plays you like a puppy ; trouble is , i ca n't figure out if she really likes you or not . 
 with you it 's obvious . '' 
 brian leaned back pausing to take a long drink from his silver can of beer . 
 the fire 's heat felt so good warming his frozen face . 
 brian was always the smart one at school , and paul could n't understand why he had n't used his talents and his good grades to head for a successful career in the city . 
 `` yes , i was trying to be persistent like you suggested . '' 
 `` then you admit it - you 're an idiot around this girl , '' brian smiled , and swigged from his can . 
 `` you win , you 've successfully proven that i like women and that one in particular , and what about you my fine educated friend ? 
 you do n't seem to talk much about who you fancy . '' 
 paul provoked a reaction . 
 `` come on paul , there 's not much to chase in autumn . '' 
 `` there 's got ta be someone . '' 
 `` yeah right , like i 'm going to tell you , so you can rush in like a bull in a china shop and help me . '' 
 paul tipped the rim of the can of beer to his lips , `` no , come on now , tell me straight up , and i swear i wo n't interfere or help . '' 
 paul crossed his heart with his near empty beer can . 
 brian drank the last of the contents from his can and walked over to the tent , he opened the canvas flap and retrieved another can . 
 he carefully stored the empty can inside the tent and walked back to the warmth of the fire . 
 paul stared at the dancing flames and watched the embers rise , flicker like a firefly , and extinguish in the cold night air . 
 raising his eyes to meet brian 's , paul tried to look serious , `` the suspense is killing me ! '' 
 moaned paul . 
 brian fumbled with the pull ring located on the top of the can , with cold fingers he managed to open the can , and listened to the noise of the pressurized air escaping . 
 he took a large gulp of the frothy beer and summoned up enough courage to speak , `` jenny aldridge from the garage on main street . 
 there , i 've said it now , it 's out , fancied her for years , and never had the guts to tell her . '' 
 brian looked down at his muddied boots and waited for the laughter to commence . 
 paul leaned inwards towards the fire 's welcoming warmth and watched the dancing flames , `` wow , jenny . '' 
 brian stared intensely at paul waiting for some stupid remark . 
 paul could see the serious look of conviction etched onto brian 's face . 
 paul smiled at his friend , he realized that it took real courage and trust , for him to make that statement , and declare his interest , `` jenny 's really cute , good call man , a nice all round package . 
 she 's got brains , class , beauty , and a rocking body . 
 you 've got to tell her man ! '' 
 the two friends talked into the night until brian could hardly keep awake , `` i 'm naffed , i 'm going over there to take a leak , and then i 'm turning in . '' 
 `` yeah me too . '' 
 brian wobbled over to the edge of the woods and relieved himself . 
 unsteady upon his feet with his senses suitably dulled from the beer , he thought he saw a subtle shift in the shadows deep within the woods in front of him . 
 he blinked and the darkened scene in front of him looked normal again . 
 he 'd thought he 'd seen something moving , but it was n't accompanied by any sound . 
 he shook his head to clear the beer induced fog , zipped up his pants , and headed back to the fire . 
 paul was finishing his last can of beer ; he followed suit heading to the edge of the bluff intent on peeing over the edge into the rapids of the rushing river below . 
 `` paul no ; do n't do that , trust me . 
 go where i went . '' 
 paul gave him a puzzled look . 
 `` if you pee down the bluff you 'll scent the entire rock face with an unfamiliar scent . 
 animals scent their territory around here and the rapids below offer a great fishing ground . 
 the bears come here and they 'll smell your beer-loaded pee from a mile away , we do n't need any unwelcome visitors tonight . '' 
 paul nodded begrudgingly , he needed to pee so badly but he walked to the forest 's edge , and smirked at how clever his friend was . 
 brian offered one more insight , `` besides , you 're so stupidly drunk , you 'd slip on your own pee and roll right over the edge , '' he was laughing at his own joke . 
 brian began to stow the guns and bags inside the tent in an orderly manner , he turned his back to the clearing , as he stacked the fire with enough wood to see them through until morning . 
 paul unzipped his pants and began to relieve himself , for a split second he thought he saw something move in the forest ahead of him . 
 it was so fast and fleeting , like he never saw anything , perhaps it was a trick of the light . 
 was it a shadow passing through the woods ? 
 his foggy alcohol saturated brain struggled to explain the changing density of the light , he could n't make sense of what he thought he 'd seen . 
 paul blinked his eyes , perhaps that would bring into focus the movement ; he needed to re-adjust his senses . 
 the moment he blinked his eyes , a large dark mass lunged forward slashing his defenseless body with enormous power , catching him totally unaware . 
 paul had no time to react , his senses screamed at his body to defend himself . 
 his head was immediately severed from the powerful blow with his chest brutally savaged splattering his blood onto the trunks of nearby trees . 
 the ferocity of the razor like blow meant paul could not make any sound to warn his friend . 
 as paul 's body dropped to the ground it made a sound , causing brian to turn and look over his shoulder , he laughed at his clumsy drunken friend . 
 thinking his intoxicated friend had stumbled , he turned his head more to see large razor sharp claws strike his face and ravage his vulnerable body . 
 he shouted a loud chilling scream , it would be the last sound he would ever make , but the forest was empty , and his final lament was short , and went unheard . 
 the forest animals had panicked , for they 'd long since moved away fearing the strange scent permeating their home . 
 a pack of wolves had already crept silently to the safer lower valley , led by their cautious leader ; the bears fearing no creature in the forest , had hid in their caves , or followed the banks of the river to safer territory . 
 no animals heard brian 's chilling scream , their normal curiosity had long since been overridden by their fear , when their sensitive nostrils had identified the strange scent of an unwelcome predator . 
 the moon was now high and the crisp , cold air swirled in the eerie silence , the wind had died down and the forest was still . 
 a mighty primal roar echoed through the woods , it came from the top of the bluff , but no one heard it and no creature dared to respond . 
 * * * * * chapter 3 : suspicious minds . 
 the village of autumn , the mine district , the fourth realm . 
 `` suspicion is a heavy armor , and with its weight , it impedes more than it protects . '' 
 a few days had passed since that fateful night and no one had heard from the boys . 
 brian was a sensible lad with a quick brain and a large vocabulary . 
 at an early age he 'd secured a job in the accounting department at the mine . 
 he was a model worker , a conscientious , punctual employee , who was fortunate to have a naturally inquisitive mind , and a strong desire for continuous improvement . 
 brian had impressed his manager sufficiently where he was now being considered for a promotion , his work was exemplary , and he 'd cleaned up the accounting practices to a point where the mine had received its first clean audit in years . 
 brian 's father had decided to call the sheriff late on sunday night raising the concern that brian had not come home after his camping trip . 
 annie had mentioned that she 'd seen the two boys pull away on friday night . 
 the sheriff was in a drunken stupor on sunday , unable to answer his phone , or retrieve messages for he was passed out - slumped across his couch holding an empty bottle of whiskey . 
 when monday morning arrived , brian did not show up for work , this was highly unusual , and the manager of the mine 's accounting area became concerned . 
 at 11am , the manager received a call from brian 's father , inquiring if brian had made it into work . 
 the situation escalated with another call to the sheriff and the boy 's absence being reported to mine security . 
 monday came and went , with no sign of either boy while news had spread across the small community and word of the altercation at the diner was now common knowledge . 
 sheriff kevin jones directed his police cruiser into the parking lot at autumn 's diner , it was wednesday morning at 10am , and his head pounded from the amount of whiskey he 'd consumed the night before . 
 the village was abuzz with gossip and innuendo , but the sheriff knew that brian had been trained as a survival expert ; the boys were probably holed up , drinking beer , and laying low after the altercation . 
 as with most small villages , the story of the altercation had moved through many forms , with each storyteller embellishing details , and adding to a growing tale . 
 the story now described in vivid detail the epic battle that played out in the diner ; kelly 's honor had to be defended against the sheer size of the brutish stranger that attempted to defile a sweet innocent girl from autumn . 
 paul was being described as a true hero , a young man who intervened to protect one of autumn 's daughters ; someone had to stand up to this outsider . 
 it was a david and goliath tale , where paul was armed with a small penknife against an oversized hunting knife resembling the size of a small sword . 
 the village grew increasingly concerned about the missing boys , and the blanket of suspicion fell upon the muscular stranger staying at the hotel . 
 sheriff jones gripped the steering wheel of his police cruiser , his head pounded as he let out a large sigh ; he 'd noticed the distinctive markings on the side of the black trucks parked near by . 
 the black shield with its familiar insignia represented the men employed by mine security . 
 their jurisdiction covered mining company property but these men felt and acted like they owned the entire village . 
 the sheriff was the law in the village , but his inability to remain sober had provided the mining security group the motivation to expand their reach , and their influence . 
 brian 's father had invited the sheriff to a meeting at the diner , he wanted to coordinate efforts and organize a search party . 
 the sheriff shook his head at the prospect of a meeting with mining security , they would inevitably take over and act like they were in charge , and he detested that . 
 it reminded him of what a mess he was and how much the village 's people had lost faith in him . 
 the sheriff approached the door of the diner ; inside the search party had organized the search area into sectors and assigned teams , roles , and responsibilities . 
 brian 's concerned parents felt relieved that mining security had assigned a crack team to locate one of its valued employees . 
 they suspected brian would have headed north to one of his favorite spots at lover 's leap , cranberry hill , the old saw mill , archers point or wolf run . 
 they told the security team and a plan was devised to search each specified location first . 
 the plan was to search all day until the light faded where they would reconvene at the diner . 
 the sheriff was asked to stay at the diner and track the progress of the activities , as the security team did n't want him out in the field . 
 tom jantz was the head of mining security , he had a bad feeling in the pit of his stomach , his instincts were telling him that the boys were dead , but his job was to find out for certain , and if necessary , who had done this . 
 tom had watched the weather closely and his team had been monitoring the transient workers , as they made their way north for the commencement of logging season . 
 there was always a spike in activity around this time , petty thefts , bar brawls , stabbings , and the occasional destruction of property . 
 a few years ago three people went missing in the area causing a minor news sensation and unwanted attention to the village , and the logging trade . 
 three girls had disappeared and the police were clueless , the missing girls were not classified as mining staff or associated with mining families , but tom suspected a transient logger was getting his sick kicks before starting a long season . 
 the village of autumn was nestled in a remote beautiful place surrounded by dense forest covering rolling hills and home to raging rivers . 
 its natural beauty kept people there , but it was also just as easy to lose people in the woods , where they 'd never be seen , or heard from , again . 
 tom suspected the killer had hid the bodies of the girls in the vast wilderness , and they have never been located to this day . 
 if it were a couple of girls that had gone missing , he would have immediately suspected foul play . 
 this one was strange , two young men missing , with one expertly equipped to survive . 
 perhaps they 'd run into trouble , bears , wolves , or something else , like a broken leg or a hunting accident . 
 it did n't add up , and now he definitely suspected foul play , he did n't hold the same optimistic outlook that brian 's father demonstrated . 
 his suspicions were confirmed four hours later , when the boy 's abandoned truck was located at archer 's point . 
 brian 's father knew the route into the bluff and the location brian always used when pitching his tent . 
 it was n't long before the gruesome discovery was made . 
 wolves had scavenged the boy 's bodies , but the damage to the bodies upset the hardest of hunters , and mine security workers , shocked at their find . 
 brian 's father was physically restrained and the crime scene was quickly cordoned off for detailed analysis . 
 the wolves had been opportunistic , but an animal far larger , and much stronger had committed the original damage to the boy 's bodies . 
 sheriff jones arrived to inspect the carnage while trying not to compromise the crime scene . 
 investigators quickly established the cause of the demise of the two young men ; astonishingly the verdict came back as a large animal . 
 criminal experts were brought in to examine the remains , measure the wounds , and trace the blood spatters , they agreed that a large animal had killed the boys . 
 the shape of the wounds on the flesh , the prints left in the muddy soil , and all of the evidence painted a clear picture of what had happened . 
 the wolves had come much later , but they had not changed the evidence enough to disguise the sequence of events . 
 the experts all agreed on what had happened , the arguments centered upon what had done this to the boys . 
 it had to be a large animal , but the only creature native to these forests that could cause this type of carnage was a bear . 
 the only issue with this was the torn flesh , the scratch marks , the footprints , and the size of this creature , did not match any bear profile that the experts had ever seen . 
 to avoid panic the residents of autumn , and the local press , were told the boys had unwittingly aggravated a large bear , who had turned on the boys . 
 it seemed plausible to most but brian 's father could n't believe this version of the story . 
 he was n't allowed to look at the crime scene until the investigators had concluded it was an animal and not a crime committed by humans . 
 once he was allowed to see his son 's remains he concluded that there was n't much left . 
 the bear story played on in the local newspapers and coffee shops , but there were still a few in autumn that could not forgive the stranger . 
 rumors circulated that the stranger had followed the boys to the bluff from the diner ; he 'd killed them both and was fortunate that a bear , followed by a pack of wolves , had stumbled across the bodies and covered his tracks . 
 the stranger kept a low profile within the village , he was acutely aware of the accusations , and he felt the cold distrustful nature of the village 's residents towards him . 
 the hotel staff had changed their demeanor growing cold and distant , his belly rumbled demanding a hearty sized hot meal . 
 he headed towards autumn 's diner , it would soon be noon , and it would be nice to eat something tasty , and experience a change of scenery . 
 three days had passed since the boy 's bodies had been found in the woods ; a few brave men had set off into the woods to kill the bear . 
 they 'd returned empty handed , but mildly satisfied that there actions had addressed their frustration and feelings of helplessness . 
 the anxiety had reached fever pitch , but it now seemed to be subsiding as he sensed the village returning to normal . 
 the mine security guys had demanded to talk with the stranger but the hotel manager had provided an alibi for him the night of the unfortunate massacre , as the stranger had stayed in the packed hotel bar , drinking alone . 
 the diner was no longer acting as the command center , with the sheriff and the search party long since gone . 
 as the stranger walked along main st. approaching the diner , two large men blocked his access leading to the diner 's door . 
 he recognized the matching insignias emblazoned upon their black jackets . 
 the stranger immediately went on the charm offensive , `` good day mine security personnel , how can i help you today ? '' 
 he said with a beaming smile . 
 `` we 're watching you mister , we do n't want you causing any trouble , and you ca n't afford to step out of line one inch , do your hear me ? '' 
 the two men pushed their shoulders together effectively blocking the way forward . 
 `` well now , i 'm glad you 're watching me , ` cos that makes me feel a lot safer , as i 've heard there 's a big bear on the loose . '' 
 `` dave melanger wo n't tell us the name that you used to check-in with at the grafton hotel , he says he values his guest 's privacy . 
 he did tell us you paid a deposit in cash , and we know you always pay your diner bills with cash , so it seems like you 're going out of your way to keep your identity unknown , you know , not leaving any physical trace that you were here . '' 
 `` wow that 's good , come up with that yourselves boys ? 
 you know that i was here , the whole village knows that i 'm here ; i 'm six foot six inches tall , it 's pretty hard to hide . 
 besides , i have nothing to hide ; perhaps you boys would be better guarding the mine , apparently there 's a big bear up there . '' 
 the stranger stepped into the road , rounded the two security men , and entered the diner . 
 he headed for the same empty booth that he 'd occupied that fateful night . 
 the old indian chief was sitting in his usual seat , he watched the stranger settle ; two elderly ladies whispered to each other while sharing their looks of disapproval , kelly approached him with some apprehension . 
 `` coffee ? '' 
 `` what no smile today ? 
 sure , black coffee please . '' 
 kelly pushed the menu towards the stranger ; she failed to mention the specials , leaving to prepare the coffee . 
 annie had watched the interaction from the back of the diner , when kelly approached the kitchen ; annie mouthed the words , `` be nice . '' 
 kelly delivered his coffee , took his order and delivered his food in a cool , efficient , manner . 
 he was enjoying his meal when two young men burst into the diner and headed for the booth occupied by the indian chief - great bear . 
 the boys rushed to his side in an excited state , `` tell him , go on tell him what we saw . '' 
 the stranger chewed on his stir-fry dinner , but his ears were trained to the conversation occurring behind him at the old indian man 's table . 
 `` calm down both of you , you 're making a scene , '' the old man scolded the boys in a gentle way , lifting his finger to his lips and signaling to them to dial down the volume with his falling hand . 
 kelly arrived at the table . 
 `` hi boys , what 'll it be ? '' 
 kelly knew the two boys from school , for they were twin brothers from the waishee tribe . 
 kelly flashed a smile , which distracted the boys . 
 the eldest brother was impatient and wanted to talk with chief great bear , he took control of the proceedings , `` just coffee please , two coffees please kelly . '' 
 kelly wheeled away to fulfill the order . 
 `` we were rounding the corner at parkson 's heights , and heading downhill past the old well , then we slowed to turn at the steep corner , and at the side of the road , as clear as day ... '' the young man stopped as kelly approached ; she set the two coffees down and let a couple of packets of cream tumble onto the table . 
 `` enjoy , '' she said , acutely aware that the boys had stopped talking , and would not resume , until she 'd left . 
 as she moved away she smiled to herself , for she knew the younger brother seemed fixated upon her , but had n't dared to meet her eyes . 
 `` as clear as day , there he was - a white wolf ! 
 he was big and proud - he did n't run , and we slowed the truck right down to get a good look at him . '' 
 great bear leaned in listening intently . 
 the younger twin could not contain himself . 
 `` it was right there , he was real , he was in great shape as his coat shone in the light , and he was larger than most wolves . 
 it 's not a legend , the white wolf exists uncle , we saw him as plain as day , and you have to believe us . 
 he stood his ground and looked right at us . 
 even though we were inside the truck , headlights on , he was not afraid , he just stood at the side of the road , and he was majestic , spiritual , and proud . 
 we saw him , both of us ! '' 
 great bear raised his cup to his mouth and sipped his cold coffee , his eyes narrowed as he weighed the expressions of the excited twins . 
 they were telling the truth , and he felt a nervous shiver shoot down his spine , `` i believe you boys , i was about your age when i saw the white wolf , and i know he exists . 
 i do n't need to tell you what this means , and i do n't want to talk about this here . 
 finish your coffee now , then go home and never mention this to anyone , i 'll discuss this with the tribal elders , and we 'll decide what to do . 
 you boys have been blessed ; few have been lucky enough to see this majestic creature . 
 remember , you 'll never get a chance to randomly see the white wolf , it decides when it will show itself , and there 's usually a good reason why it does . 
 drink your coffee and warm up . '' 
 it was annie who eventually cleared the coffee mugs away and continued to serve the stranger by refreshing his coffee , and clearing his meal away . 
 he was ready to pay as the indian twins left the diner with chief great bear . 
 annie brought the bill , `` where did kelly disappear to ? 
 i miss her cheery smile , '' he said sarcastically . 
 annie stopped in her tracks and turned to face the stranger , `` listen mister , this is a small village and we all know each other around here , we try to be polite and friendly , but we 've been burned before in this community . 
 we 're leery of strangers like you , transient workers passing through - i know you did n't have anything to do with those boys the other night , and i saw what happened in here . 
 paul was bang out of order , and you stopped short of giving him what he deserved - i think you 're an honorable man , but you ca n't blame the girl for what she feels . 
 she does n't trust strangers and why would she ? 
 pretty girls have a tendency to go missing around these parts , especially at this time of year with people casually passing through . 
 annie smiled sarcastically and pushed the bill closer to him , suggesting he pay and leave . 
 kelly had been in the back for the last fifteen minutes , she 'd changed from her striped diner uniform into a costume . 
 the stranger stood preparing to leave , as kelly emerged from the back , `` what do you think ? ' 
 she inquired of annie . 
 the tall stranger stared at the pretty girl before him , kelly was wearing a long silky black wig with tan colored autumn fall leaves woven into the wig like a crown . 
 she 'd expertly changed her appearance with the use of a smoldering orange eye shadow , thick black mascara , black eyeliner , and blood red lipstick . 
 large balls of entwined twigs swung from her ears , and a delicate silver band hung loosely from her neck . 
 she wore an off the shoulder cream colored gown , delicately cinched at her small waist by an orange belt . 
 she balanced steadily upon high heels and oozed a quiet confidence , like a model from the front page of a high fashion magazine . 
 annie 's mouth hung open . 
 the stranger stopped and stared , besotted with her beauty , `` i 'm going to be the best autumn princess ever . '' 
 kelly took a quick glance along the aisle of the diner , she caught the tall stranger standing and gawping at her . 
 she looked absolutely beautiful ; it was a shame paul could n't have see her dressed as this year 's autumn princess . 
 kelly 's short temper started to emerge , `` i 'm not dressed like this for your amusement , have n't you somewhere you need to be ? '' 
 annie tugged at her hand , `` kelly , '' she scolded . 
 the stranger turned quickly and left the diner , `` he 's a creep , '' said kelly , watching the door to the diner close . 
 annie tugged her hand again ; `` i 'm closing up in about an hour , and i 'll join you over at the church , ok ? '' 
 every year the village of autumn re-enacted it 's favorite fable . 
 the villagers would gather at the church hall and watch the legend of the autumn princess . 
 it was every village girl 's dream to play the princess , and you were not allowed to perform this role for more than four years in a row . 
 this was kelly 's first year , she was so excited , and she would try to make her parents proud with her performance . 
 the short play symbolized the harmonious relationship the village has enjoyed with its surroundings and the bountiful gifts the land continues to offer the village . 
 the villagers give thanks for what they have , and rejoice in another bountiful year for it is a time of joy and mutual support . 
 this year would be difficult without brian and paul , but the village was strong willed , and decided to proceed with their tradition . 
 kelly was sad but she decided that she would dedicate her performance to paul and brian . 
 it was time that she needed to make her way over to the church , but she would need to drive the short distance before the play would commence . 
 after the conclusion of the play and the post show celebration she would drive home to change , before she would drive back to the church hall , where the younger inhabitants of the village would hold a dance . 
 it was a bit lame , but she would n't miss her chance to be congratulated as the best autumn princess yet , and she 'd heard that taylor was coming to the dance . 
 kelly scurried out of the diner causing annie to smile ; she recalled the time her sister amy , had played the autumn princess and how excited she had been . 
 * * * * * chapter 4 : autumn princess . 
 the village of autumn , the mine district , the fourth realm . 
 `` autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower . '' 
 kelly was flooded with a feeling of relief , for she 'd managed to perform flawlessly in the village 's autumn play , she 'd been a huge success , remembering her lines and graciously accepting the standing ovation offered to the cast from the appreciative crowd . 
 afterwards , she had floated through the crowd with the utmost grace , accepting the congratulations and flattering comments in a way that she 'd seen many times in her dreams . 
 it was a magical afternoon where her hard work had paid off , and she 'd impressed her parents , the audience , and a special young man named taylor , who sat mesmerized in the third row , transfixed by her beauty . 
 kelly had tried to locate taylor within the audience , but it was n't until the final scene that their eyes had met for a fleeting second , and she nearly fluffed her line , as her heart skipped . 
 taylor had circulated within the reception area after the play , but kelly had been inundated with well wishers and excited audience members , she 'd not been able to speak with taylor , but she 'd caught him staring at her twice from across the room . 
 the time had come for kelly to leave the reception and change into her new blue dress , if taylor was a little shy now then wait until he saw kelly in her figure hugging dress with matching high heels . 
 the autumn princess was a great look , but a little impractical for her to attend the party at night , she wanted to dance and convince taylor that he should make her his girl . 
 kelly faced a fifteen-minute drive home , she 'd allowed forty minutes to change her dress and her makeup ; it would be tight , but if she hustled she would make it . 
 her plan was to return to the village and attend the after party , which she knew would go late into the night . 
 as kelly slipped into the driver 's seat of her new truck a leaf fell from her costume and nestled upon the gravel in the church parking lot . 
 kelly was still lost in the play , the adulation and applause , the admiring looks , and the desire burning in taylor 's eyes . 
 a woman knows when the hook is in , she can see a difference in how a man acts , sounds , talks and walks . 
 when he 's fallen but has n't yet realized , it is the most special time , the most perfect time , when all of your senses are alive and tingling with anticipation . 
 kelly was floating on air ; she 'd felt this special feeling and could n't wait to make her entrance wearing the sexy dress she 'd bought months earlier . 
 her mind raced as she rehearsed what she would say , what words she would use , and how she would say them to taylor upon their first meeting , how could she sound sophisticated , sexy and irresistible ? 
 she placed her truck into reverse and moved her heeled foot from the brake to the accelerator , in a split second she thought she saw movement in her mirrors , catching a blur in the view from her rear window . 
 instinctively she stomped on the brake , sending the truck into a hard stop , and thrusting her lower back hard into her seat , causing her head to hit the restraint . 
 she frantically scanned her rear mirror , followed by her side mirror , to see if she 'd hit anyone or anything . 
 the shape of a tall man appeared to her right through her side window , he was dressed in black with a hood covering his head and his face , she blinked her eyes and bringing into focus the shape before her . 
 it was the stranger from the diner , turning his head to stare at her through the passenger window where he connected her eyes briefly with his annoyed stare , before hurrying away into the shadows as the approaching darkness started to close in on the village of autumn . 
 shaken and annoyed with her lack of concentration , kelly thrust her palms forwards banging her steering wheel in a display of frustration , causing the whole truck to shake . 
 she glanced out of the passenger window but she was alone now , the stranger had gone . 
 `` damn it kelly , get your head out of the clouds and focus , '' she scolded herself , as she often did when she was irritated with her own behavior . 
 the drive home was uneventful as she drove with extra caution taking note of the fading light , and the slickness of the dark road surface due to an earlier sprinkling of rain . 
 she pulled up to the driveway of her small rented house on the outskirts of the village ; the driveway was not long , but it cut a path through dense trees . 
 kelly navigated the short narrow drive , before it opened up into a circular area in front of her house that she used to turn and park her truck . 
 it was dark approaching the house , the truck 's headlights and a small outside house lamp affixed to the wall of the house , offered the only source of illumination . 
 surrounding the small house was dense woodland forest offering protection for the creatures that lived within , it made kelly nervous , and she usually hurried inside . 
 she positioned her truck as close to her door as possible , and turned the engine and the truck 's lights off . 
 she sat for a second and surveyed the darkened clearing . 
 she glanced at the truck 's dashboard , as the illuminated clock informed her she was already five minutes behind her planned schedule . 
 kelly took a deep breath ; she reached for the truck 's door handle and gave it a firm pull while pushing the door open with her elbow . 
 kelly stepped out of the truck and noticed something moving in the darkness to her right , she heard grunting sounds and a loud guttural noise emanating from just beyond the tree line . 
 it frightened her so much that she remained motionless in the spot where she had stepped from the truck . 
 she gripped her purse containing her house key while she weighed up her options ; should she confront or run ? 
 the sound came again , this time it sounded comical , a deep wrenching sound that reminded her of a teenage boy being sick on too much alcohol . 
 this was clearly a joke designed to spook her , and the boys were probably having a good laugh at her expense , as she quivered at the side of the truck . 
 now she was getting angry , this type of prank was n't funny at all , and she was in too much of a hurry to take this seriously . 
 kelly faced the noise and yelled into the darkened woods , `` so you think this is funny huh ? 
 this is how you sick little boys get your kicks , well i hope the beast that 's out there comes after you , while you hide in the woods and frighten people ... idiots ! '' 
 kelly felt better as she rummaged through her purse looking for her house keys . 
 kelly heard another grunt and managed to raise her chin to the unexpected sight that lay ahead of her . 
 tree limbs started to shake and the sound of rustling undergrowth held her rigid and rooted with fear . 
 her legs felt like steel poles and her heart started to pound as her eyes adjusted to the darkness . 
 she could see a dark rounded shape start to emerge from the brush , moving towards her from the shadows . 
 kelly 's eyes widened as her mind struggled to paint the picture evolving before her . 
 this was not a childish prank , a large fur covered mass emerged from the darkness , kelly instinctively moved backwards , but was blocked by the side of the truck . 
 she could see powerful front legs covered in a dark thick matted fur connected to large rounded shoulders supporting a thick muscular neck . 
 the head of the animal was long and pointed , it had large powerful jaws like a bear , but its snout was longer , and its sheer size meant this was not a bear . 
 kelly gasped as the animal snorted and approached , what should she do , run ? 
 she had always been told to avoid eye contact , make no sudden movements , and calmly walk away in a non-threatening way . 
 her heart was pounding so hard she could hear blood racing through her ears , her breathing was loud and shallow , and she felt sick and faint , too weak to run . 
 she glanced quickly at the approaching animal , it was close and she decided to calmly walk towards her house entrance , and safety . 
 kelly had turned her body slightly , she 'd managed to take two steps before the beast lunged forward swiping savagely with its powerful front paws . 
 the blow landed on the intersection of kelly 's neck and shoulder , it knocked her to the ground and opening a deep fatal wound instantly . 
 she fell to the ground and the beast took advantage of her vulnerable , defenseless , position . 
 it was so quick , the kill was over in a matter of seconds , but the beast dealt kelly a couple more blows before savagely attacking her throat with its powerful jaws . 
 warm blood dripped from its mouth as it licked the scent from its blood-covered nose . 
 within seconds of the attack the beast was gone , leaving the most beautiful autumn princess ravaged and lying in a pool of her own blood . 
 taylor reeves was disappointed that night ; he 'd waited for kelly to return to the church hall dance . 
 kelly had looked so sweet , so beautiful ; that he could n't resist staring at her , for he was certain that he 'd caught her eye . 
 perhaps she was tired after the play . 
 he knew she would n't be working because the diner had been closed for the night . 
 perhaps she already had a boyfriend and was out having fun , while he waited for her , `` loser , '' he said under his breath shaking his head . 
 it was n't until the following morning that kelly 's body was discovered . 
 annie had raised the alarm the following morning as kelly had failed to arrive for work ; annie had become worried about her employee and friend . 
 sheriff jones stopped to pick up a coffee from the diner before he made the short drive out to kelly 's house . 
 he was hoping to find a simple explanation for her absence from work . 
 what he found sent chills down his spine , placing images into his mind that prevented him from completing a good night 's sleep for a week . 
 kelly 's body had remained intact , it was in better condition than the two boys , but a large animal had brutalized her where deep claw scratches were still visible and she 'd suffered puncturing bite marks . 
 what a way for such a sweet girl to meet her end , but the sheriff was suspicious , could this be a clever convenient way , to cover up the tracks of a serial killer ? 
 perhaps there was a psycho out there , killing for the thrill of it , and what better way to cover his tracks by making it look like some large predatory beast had mauled these victims . 
 autumn was a small village where word spread quickly , the general store ran out of ammunition , and guns were flying off the shelves . 
 this incident happened too close to the village , spreading fear and panic across its inhabitants . 
 when charlie smythe started to share his observations , the night of the killing , the village 's gossip machine kicked into high gear . 
 charlie had seen kelly enter her truck , and almost reverse into the stranger at the rear of the church parking lot . 
 the stranger had been angry , waving his fist , and raising his voice at her , through her truck 's window ; charlie implied anger as a motive on the night kelly was murdered . 
 while the fanciful story had not been validated , and the connection to the actual murder was tenuous , this story seemed to resonate with the villagers , and they seemed to like it and believe in it . 
 in a small village , rumor can become fact quickly , and the innocent stranger was quickly vilified using the weapons of fear and ignorance . 
 the stranger could feel the rising tensions , the sideways glances , mothers protecting their children in his presence , and the cold reception he would receive in this normally hospitable village . 
 the whole atmosphere of the village changed to a chilly , anxious , fear induced place . 
 the stranger was hungry and the only place that would serve him was autumn 's diner . 
 he entered the diner and scanned the booths ; it contained some familiar faces and new ones . 
 the old indian chief was ever present , as were the two gossiping ladies , but the diner was fuller than he 'd ever seen it . 
 he walked towards the kitchen looking for an empty booth when he was met in the aisle by annie , armed with a fresh steaming pot of coffee , she smiled , and waved him to a booth at the back , near the kitchen entrance . 
 like the olden days in a tense western saloon from a cowboy movie , the buzz of casual conversation had stopped and an eerie silence descended upon the diner , as people watched the stranger enter , and take his position at the back booth . 
 once seated , the conversation resumed , followed by guilty glances , and the occasional head turn . 
 annie approached the stranger 's table as he flipped back his black hood , to reveal his disheveled appearance . 
 `` coffee ? '' 
 inquired annie with a smile . 
 the last booth at the back of the diner was probably the most private booth , and the most difficult to observe from the rest of the diner . 
 the stranger nodded , glancing down at his empty coffee cup . 
 annie started to pour the black steaming coffee from her glass pot before sliding into the empty seat across from the stranger . 
 `` you ok with me being here ? '' 
 the stranger inquired , keeping his eyes on the steaming coffee . 
 he lifted his eyes to meet annie 's stare , `` i know you did n't do it , but i 'm the only one in this village that feels this way . 
 tell me i 'm not wrong . 
 i saw how you looked at kelly the other night ; it was the same way that i looked at her . 
 she looked cute , naïve , like an excited little kid , i could see that in your eyes , in your expression , you thought she looked nice . '' 
 the stranger leaned in and whispered , `` i did n't do it annie - i did n't do anything . 
 kelly and those boys , it was n't me . 
 i liked the kid , she was cute and young , but i would n't harm her , that 's not me . '' 
 annie stared at him hard , trying to penetrate his eyes , and reach deep down into his soul , searching for the truth . 
 tears welled in her eyes , as she thought of poor kelly 's infectious smile and captivating laugh . 
 `` more coffee over here annie love , please ... '' annie turned her head . 
 `` i 'll be back for your order , but i 'm a little busy today , short staffed . '' 
 her voice trailed off where she struggled to hold it together . 
 annie took the pot and attended to the needy customer . 
 folded and lying at the side of the table was a previously read , dog-eared , newspaper . 
 the stranger reached for it flattening out its pages across the table in front of him . 
 the northern light newspaper reported the news around the local area ; it covered the comings and goings , weddings , births , deaths , and anything of local interest . 
 the existence of a murderous beast , or serial killer , was big news , and this little paper was not going to let this opportunity slip by . 
 the headline screamed , ` autumn 's ravage , ' in reference to the three inhabitants brutally savaged . 
 the village of autumn had seen something similar to this many years ago , but the old wounds from those memories were being re-opened by these recent events . 
 the article walked through the possibilities , a rogue bear , a murderous serial killer on the loose , characterized as the inevitable transient logger having his sadistic fun , or a heinous village person , familiar with the terrain and the people . 
 the article played upon all of the villager 's fears , including the beast living among us . 
 no wonder the residents of the village were on edge , casting suspicious glances at everyone , even a neighbor , if they felt they deserved it . 
 his eyes fell upon the dark printed headline , ` autumn 's ravage , ' as he caught movement in his narrowed eyes . 
 annie had returned . 
 she sat at his booth looking at the newspaper , `` it 's the same headline they used the last time this happened , people around here will recognize the significance of that headline , when those poor girls went missing the last time , '' annie shook her head , `` the people around here still refer to that time as autumn 's ravage , and i think it was this newspaper that started this horrible term . '' 
 her voice was shaky , when she paused waiting for a response , but nothing was offered . 
 there was an awkward moment of silence before annie regained control , `` so you want me to take your order or what ? '' 
 the stranger lifted his chin slightly , `` shepherd 's pie please - annie do people around here seriously think i ripped those poor people apart ? '' 
 annie paused , weighing the magnitude of the question , `` yes . 
 yes they do , and you have n't won them over with your sparkling personality , have you ? '' 
 annie turned away and walked towards the kitchen to place the order . 
 greg welch entered the diner looking for annie ; he was a fit man just shy of sixty years of age with a shock of white hair . 
 greg was the village pastor and had performed blessings on the bodies of kelly and the two boys . 
 he was angry and upset at the waste of young life and firmly believed a bear had not caused the devastation seen on these young bodies . 
 greg came to the back of the diner where he saw the stranger holding his coffee cup with both hands ; was he the one ? 
 the villagers certainly thought he was . 
 annie returned from the kitchen and saw the pastor standing in the aisle with a large pile of flyers . 
 `` hi annie , can i leave a few of these with you ? 
 it 's about time we stood up to this and demanded some answers , some assurance . '' 
 annie looked at the familiar flyers , it reminded her of many years ago when a similar route was taken by the villagers . 
 the flyers announced a meeting at the church hall tomorrow night , to discuss the recent tragedies and to understand the course of action being taken . 
 greg would invite the sheriff , and everyone hoped he would be sober and coherent . 
 the security team from the mine would be there , and the church hall would be packed with interested onlookers ; some would remain quiet and observe , while others would be angry , demanding , and outspoken . 
 the sheriff would be on the hot seat , and the mine security team will ask probing questions that may be difficult to answer . 
 annie smiled politely , `` sure pastor greg , i 'll put a couple of flyers up around the diner , i 'm positive it 'll be a full house . '' 
 `` thanks annie , '' the pastor handed over some flyers before leaving to distribute the rest . 
 the next day the parking lot in front of the church hall was a busy place with cars jostling for a spot , and people filing into the hall expecting answers . 
 pastor greg had enlisted help from the men at mining security , they seemed to be manning the door , and ushering people inside in an orderly manner . 
 sheriff jones was already inside the hall pacing at the front of the stage like an annoyed caged animal . 
 the quiet buzz of expectation filled the hall as the stranger approached the entrance , `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 said a bulky man with his arm outstretched blocking the entrance . 
 the tall stranger sized up the man wearing a black shirt matching a dozen more black shirts inside . 
 mine security was out in force today - so he smiled . 
 `` i was wondering , like the rest of this village , what was going on , and what was being done about it . '' 
 `` well , i guess you can just keep wondering , this is for locals only , get it ? '' 
 three sturdy looking guys wearing black shirts quickly appeared behind the man in the door well . 
 the stranger smiled , nodded and turned away . 
 `` i hate that guy , '' said the man backing up his colleague in the door well , `` do n't let him in and do n't let him return . '' 
 when the doors closed the gloves came off , and the meeting turned prickly very quickly . 
 sheriff jones was on the hot seat as pastor greg tried to keep it civil and the mine security guys kept the peace . 
 `` can you at least tell us if it 's a bear or a person killing these kids , '' james johnston 's question was directed at the nervous looking sheriff , and met with overwhelming applause . 
 the sheriff had not drunk in two days , he knew he had to be alert and on the top of his game , if he were to keep his job through these events . 
 `` i believed it to be a bear ... , '' he was not allowed to finish . 
 `` believed , that suggests you 've changed your mind . '' 
 a middle-aged fiery red head shot the question at the stumbling sheriff , unable to operate at this speed . 
 `` we 've employed an expert who 's measured the bite marks and the wounds . '' 
 the sheriff paused considering his next words carefully . 
 `` the evidence suggests that it 's not a bear , '' the room gasped , `` it 's far larger than a bear , perhaps two times larger . '' 
 this fell upon the audience in a hard way ; they could n't comprehend what the normally drunken sheriff was trying to tell them . 
 a small man with a blue coat , situated at the back of the hall , rose to ask his question , `` what animal from around these parts is significantly larger than a bear ? '' 
 the question was directed at the sheriff , with all eyes trained upon him , they waited expectantly for the answer . 
 chief great bear , the wily old indian , stared at the floor vacantly , but strained to hear the answer . 
 he knew the correct answer , but was not about to share his wisdom with a room full of people uneducated in the old ways of his tribe . 
 the sheriff looked at the man with the blue coat , and with outstretched hands , and a shrug of his shoulders , reluctantly replied the only way he knew how , `` i really do n't know . '' 
 a slim blonde haired woman rose during the ensuing noise , howling emanating from the crowd - her blonde hair was immaculately groomed ; her cream blouse and white pearls , added a touch of class to the proceedings . 
 the crowd fell silent out of respect , for the elegant lady was brian 's mother , who wanted answers , `` my son has died a horrible death , can you tell me with some certainty that an animal did that to him , and not some perverted drifter ? '' 
 she remained standing as she finished the question everyone wanted to ask . 
 the sheriff stepped forward to answer but was quickly dismissed by a wave of her hand , `` i want to hear from an expert , not the village sheriff , no offence . '' 
 a short , slimly built man , dressed in a black shirt , rose calmly from his seat , and walked towards the stage where he took hold of a microphone . 
 `` good evening mrs. brennerman , my name 's thomas ivon , and i work for the parent company of the mine . 
 i was asked to inspect the bodies and attend the meeting today . 
 there is absolutely no doubt that all three of the victims were killed by the same animal , and in my expert opinion , there is no doubt in my mind that they were indeed attacked and killed by a very large animal . 
 the victim 's wounds are all similar and consistent , but there is a mystery . 
 i ca n't categorically identify the animal from any of the measurements and hair samples that i 've taken , and i 've seen attacks on our workers from every type of predator , bear , wolf , dog , mountain lion , puma , all types of killers and scavengers , but never like this . 
 you see these poor people , your son ma’am , '' he said respectfully , `` were not killed for food , they were killed for sport and no other reason . '' 
 the hall burst into life with an outraged roar , with people pointing and waving their fists at the slim framed grey haired man . 
 thomas walked to the front of the stage , where the sheriff took this opportunity to sit down , and let this man receive the brunt of the crowd 's frustration . 
 `` as far as i can see , this is an uncategorized animal , we 've never seen or come across this before ; this animal is very big and very powerful . '' 
 tom jantz watched a large , powerfully built miner rise from his chair silently , all eyes fell upon the gentle giant . 
 `` what makes us safe now ? 
 what about our families , our children , fellow workers ? 
 will this animal strike again ? 
 what about autumn 's ravage ? '' 
 his questions were met with approval as the crowd burst into unanimous applause demanding an answer . 
 the crowd was starting to get visibly agitated but the sheriff was totally ineffective . 
 tom jantz was a commanding man with great presence and respect in the community ; his black security shirt was freshly pressed , which fit his toned body with precision , `` i think what thomas is trying to say , is a message we do n't want to hear . 
 this is not a random drifter , killing people and covering his tracks to make it look like an animal , this is a different type of autumn 's ravage , '' silence fell across the hall . 
 `` our village is under attack , we 're being ravaged , but this is different . '' 
 tom moved away from the side wall and closer to the crowd , `` this is not a who done it , this is a what done it ! '' 
 he stared at the room in a defiant way , inviting a question , or a response ; nothing was offered . 
 thomas could n't stand the awkward silence , and the palpable tension in the air , `` the animal that did this is still out there , we need to find it and kill it , before it does this again . '' 
 brian 's mother had taken her seat and sat down , resuming her crouched position . 
 the man in the blue coat , spurred on by malt whiskey rose to ask another question , `` so what is the sheriff and you lot , '' he said pointing at the black shirts , `` doing to kill this beast ? '' 
 the sheriff panicked and threw a desperate glance towards tom jantz . 
 tom approached the stage in a cool , deliberate , and assured manner of a confident leader . 
 tom 's black shirted staff watched the crowd , they needed calming and the sheriff needed an answer to spare his inept blushes . 
 tom took a deep breath , `` you deserve the best , and the citizens of this resilient village deserve the best solution we can offer , our expert here , thomas , believes it was an animal , admittedly it is a beast of an animal , larger than we have ever seen . 
 who knows what type of animal these thick dense woods is capable of hiding . 
 clearly there are things out there that we do n't know about , but i can tell you one thing , it 's picked the wrong village to mess with . 
 if it 's a beast then it needs to be hunted , located , and exterminated . 
 i 'm a security guy , and i know when you need a job doing right , you go and get the best person for the job . '' 
 tom straightened his back to appear taller , he knew he had the crowd on his side but now he needed to sell them on the plan . 
 `` some of you are mighty fine hunters , moose , deer , elk , fox , wolf , and even bear , but it 's different when you 're hunting something you 've never seen before . 
 we need to call in the specialists . 
 the mine always looks after the village of autumn , and we 'd like your permission to call in the finest hunters in the land , professional hunters , barnes & colder , from the big city . '' 
 tom waited for the crowd 's reaction , a few shouted `` yes , '' some punched the air , and a steady round of applause echoed around the hall . 
 the sheriff smiled at the crowd , trying to act as if he knew about the solution in advance , and was part of the decision . 
 tom smiled and nodded to the appreciative crowd , as the black shirts prolonged the applause . 
 tom spoke above the noise , `` it 's settled then , the mine will hire barnes & colder to kill this beast , and we will stop autumn 's ravage . '' 
 it was a popular solution , but a few in the crowd remained unconvinced ; in their minds , the hooded stranger was the most likely cause of the deaths , and not some large fictitious beast . 
 the meeting lasted for another forty-five minutes with a few more people brave enough to ask meaningless questions . 
 the sheriff continued to hide , while on full display to the village 's critical gaze . 
 this was not his finest hour , and he came across as weak and incompetent . 
 if this were a political debate then tom jantz , the head of mine security , would have won hands down , he was self assured , confident , in control , and seemed to have all the right answers . 
 after the meeting , it was firmly established that tom jantz was running this village , and the congregation gathered at the church hall were relieved that he was there . 
 when the meeting petered out , and people started to stream away , the crowd seemed happy with the actions taken and the decisions made . 
 * * * * * the fifth realm - earth chapter 5 : reading is for freaks . 
 westtown , pennsylvania , u.s.a. , 2014 . 
 `` either write something worth reading or do something worth writing . '' 
 it was cool and crisp as the sun rounded the clouds to make a welcome appearance in the morning sky . 
 dan glanced over his shoulder , for he knew the door to his house would inevitably slam shut . 
 he could hear his mother 's scolding tone reverberate through his head , because she 'd told him countless times to hold onto the door handle , or the whole house would shake , when door slammed shut - it really got on her nerves . 
 he 'd meant to close it carefully , but this morning he was in way too much of a rush , and dan needed to get to school early . 
 he was n't a keener because he did n't enjoy school that much but he really needed to get inside the school building , to the safety that it provided . 
 dan lived in the state of new jersey , u.s.a. . 
 he 'd moved to this location two months ago after his mother had finally ditched her controlling and abusive boyfriend . 
 he loved his mother unconditionally , but she had lousy taste in men , or , as she would say , lousy luck in men . 
 using the assistance provided by the children 's aid society , she 'd managed to relocate them to another part of the country , in the hope of escaping this man , and making a new life . 
 starting at a new school is always tough , but breaking into a tight knit community school , where everyone seems to know each other , or was somehow related , was even tougher . 
 from the first day dan was labeled an outsider , he was a quiet shy boy who could n't make friends easily , and was considered a loner . 
 he always had a book in his hand , because he enjoyed escaping into other , more exotic , worlds . 
 dan loved to read , an activity that is sadly classified in today 's world as being squarely in the realm of a geek , uncool , and considered just plain weird . 
 other kids would pick on him , teasing him relentlessly they would try to take his book away from him and throw it in the garbage , or worse still , destroy it . 
 dan learned to sneak away into vacant classrooms or the relative safety of common rooms , which were patrolled by teachers . 
 the walk to school was short , at a brisk pace he could get to the school gates in sixteen minutes . 
 at the half way point he would pass a row of storage buildings , this was the difficult part of the route that left him exposed . 
 he could n't avoid it , but it afforded the bullies an opportunity to hide between the small buildings and generally get into trouble . 
 some used this area to smoke cigarettes but generally they would hang out and harass kids on their way to school . 
 dan had been teased relentlessly ; he was called a weirdo and a freak , and one kid , brian betchley , had taken an instant dislike to dan . 
 brian was a slow learner , his reading capabilities were weakened , and his progression through the school curriculum had been slow . 
 when brian saw the new , shy kid , with his face constantly buried in a book , it was akin to waving a red flag in front of a raging bull . 
 brian decided to charge , and charge he did . 
 every day brian would bully dan , eventually persuading his cronies to join in with the abuse . 
 dan had avoided the gang for the last few days by leaving for school early , a ploy that seemed to be working . 
 it was another crisp morning and dan could feel the strain in his calf muscles as he quickened his pace to a fast walk . 
 he glanced upwards where he saw a flock of small birds , dark against the blue grey sky . 
 they swooped together like one amorphous mass , turning , darting , and diving together . 
 they reminded dan of moby dick , and a large whale gliding gracefully through the water . 
 the birds were majestic , hypnotic , and a welcome distraction . 
 life can be an interesting experience - just when you marvel at its beauty , it can present you with an ugly contrast . 
 when dan returned his eyes from their upward gaze , he was confronted by the contorted face of brian betchley , complete with four of his misguided friends `` well now what do we have here lads ? 
 looks like freak-boy here is leaving earlier , to try to avoid our morning chat . '' 
 brian grabbed dan roughly by the hair slamming him into a brick wall - face first . 
 the warm feeling of blood trickled over his chin from a cut sustained under his lip . 
 `` but i so enjoy our morning meetings , by the way freak-boy , if you know what 's good for you , you 'll tell the school you tripped and fell , '' he said pointing to his injured face . 
 `` i 'll re-arrange your face if that cut of yours comes back to haunt me , understand ? '' 
 dan nodded as his voice deserted him . 
 the boys laughed at the trembling mess before them , a mousey looking kid pushed forward , `` what 's he got for lunch today ? '' 
 brian took a while to understand the question , `` well that 's a good question , let 's take a look shall we ? '' 
 brian quickly wrestled away dan 's backpack , and threw it in the direction of the boys . 
 they rifled through dan 's belongings until they found his lunch , neatly packed by his mother earlier that morning . 
 brian had dan pinned against the wall , while the boys threw his sandwiches onto the floor and stomped upon the brown bread exterior . 
 an apple was thrown over the roof of the storage building , and a chocolate bar was deposited into the pocket of one of the boys , `` guess you 're going hungry today freak-boy . '' 
 the mousey kid tipped the contents of his backpack onto the ground where lying on the top of the contents pile was his book , ` call of the wild , ' by jack london , proudly embossed in large gold letters across its cover . 
 the mousey kid reached for the book as dan struggled to retrieve it first . 
 he was pushed firmly into the wall , fighting an inescapable restraint , `` what 's that crap ? '' 
 billowed brian . 
 `` some stupid book about a wolf , i think . '' 
 `` it 's not a wolf , it 's a ... . '' 
 dan was slammed hard into the wall , and the mousy kid smiled as he gleefully ripped pages from the spine of the book , as he let them race away , carried upon the strong wind . 
 dan could see printed pages strewn across the street in front of him , with more pages were being removed , liberated by the swirling wind . 
 he watched a page caught in an updraft , behaving in a similar fashion to the flock of birds earlier . 
 the ripping sound of the book 's fabric spine brought his attention back to his plight , `` only freaks read this type of crap , you hear me ? '' 
 dan felt a strong punch land deep within his gut , causing him to double over in pain , it was followed by a slap to the back of the head as the boys ran away in the direction of the school . 
 lying on the ground , dan managed to regain his senses and tried to focus his eyes . 
 the street scene before him was predominantly dark grey with asphalt accents . 
 in stark contrast was a bright yellow shape , the shape of a long rain jacket worn by a tall girl standing across the street . 
 she paused as dan stumbled to his feet , began to collect his belongings and started to re-pack his bag , when he glanced upwards in her direction , she 'd gone , disappeared around the corner on her way to school , but she 'd seen everything . 
 dan wiped his chin , startled to see his red blood smeared across his wet fingers . 
 he was now aware of a stinging sensation from a deep cut below his lower lip , but the wound was not closing to stem the flow of the blood . 
 the gash on his chin remained open enough to concern his teachers who forced dan to accept that he needed treatment . 
 four stitches and an ugly , white scar , was the result of his morning 's run in . 
 as dan received treatment the wheels of justice were turning in the background , for jenny smithe had reported the incident when she got to school , she felt sorry for dan , and had talked to her teacher as soon as she 'd stowed her long yellow jacket into her locker . 
 when dan arrived at school sporting an injury , the teachers were ready and waiting . 
 jenny had identified the boys responsible , and they would be spoken to , or worse , receive a temporary suspension . 
 the suspension back-fired , as it allowed the boys more time to harass frightened kids on their daily commute to school . 
 once dan 's protective mother got involved , the situation escalated , after she had discussed the incident with both the principal and jenny , she came to a swift decision . 
 dan was pulled from the school and they soon moved to westtown , pa. . 
 westtown seemed a world away from new jersey , as people were openly friendly and welcoming . 
 the bullying had given liz everything she needed to push through a move to a new , safer , environment . 
 she worked quickly to exert pressure upon children 's aid , and they moved to a new town to start a new life . 
 liz liked the vibe of westtown instantly , it seemed to be a slower pace of life , where people cared for each other , and got to know each other . 
 she and dan settled in quickly . 
 she expected dan to raise a fuss about another move , but strangely , he accepted the move without protest . 
 children 's aid introduced her to gyanesh , a kind indian man from an immigrant family , about to open the biggest gamble of his life . 
 he 'd poured his savings into a new business venture , where he 'd renovated an old café centrally located on the main street , and turned it into a nice indian restaurant . 
 the menu was varied and fresh , he felt the people were looking for a change from the normal fried breakfast grill that was so popular . 
 people 's tastes were expanding and there was a large immigrant community who were open to new food options . 
 the local paper was supportive , taking pictures and writing a nice launch piece , highlighting the menu options and linking gyanesh to the community . 
 it seemed to work , as a palpable buzz was generated prior to opening day . 
 curious passersby peered in the window as renovations progressed . 
 local printers excelled with the new menu , and the business was starting to take shape . 
 liz was desperate to secure a job ; she was a likable person with a pretty face and a warm personality . 
 liz was also a hard worker for she believed in earning her wage , and never slacking off . 
 the children 's aid people had arranged for her to meet with gyanesh at his new restaurant . 
 she approached the burgundy colored door at 9.57 am , just in time for her 10am interview . 
 the chill of the morning air had made her hands cold , as she 'd been waiting outside , a few doors down , staring at the door for the last twenty minutes . 
 her hands were so cold that she decided to rub them together furiously , so they would be warmed for the initial handshake . 
 as she entered the restaurant she was greeted with the sight of workmen , power tools , sawdust , painters , and noise , `` watch it , '' shouted a slim indian man from across the payments counter . 
 gyanesh rushed over to greet the pretty woman who entered his fledgling business , `` are you liz ? '' 
 liz managed a nod of her head , her senses being assaulted by the frenetic action that surrounded them both . 
 `` good , come with me to the back room , you 'll find it a bit quieter there . '' 
 gyanesh motioned towards the back of the restaurant , and confidently strode off in that direction . 
 as if attached by a rope , liz followed dutifully . 
 they entered a small room at the back of the building that contained a desk and an older model laptop ; it was setup like a small office . 
 gyanesh took a chair leaving only one chair open for liz to choose . 
 she hesitated , but his hand gesture urged her to sit , `` so , audrey must have sent you for the waitress job , yes ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she affirmed . 
 `` tell me , have you waited tables before ? 
 do you know the routine ? '' 
 liz was flustered , she needed this job so badly , and she was blowing it with short answers . 
 she needed to engage with this man to show off her friendly personality . 
 she appeared cold and awkward , she needed to warm up quickly for the sake of this interview , `` i have plenty of experience , i 'm good with customers , and i can learn the cash in , cash out , technology very quickly . 
 i really need this job , and if you give me a trial , i 'm sure you 're going to like my work . '' 
 liz smiled , established great eye contact , and sat up straight . 
 gyanesh leaned back , his posture was relaxed , and she knew she had him at that point . 
 when you get to watch people all day , as part of your job , over the course of many years , you soon learn to pickup their vibe - who 's fighting , who 's cheating , who 's lonely , who 's about to do a runner by leaving the restaurant without paying . 
 it becomes obvious ; who 's a big tipper , and who 's struggling to make ends meet . 
 you can tell who 's in love , and who 's fallen out of love . 
 liz knew that gyanesh instantly liked her , and was warming up to the idea of her working in his restaurant . 
 he explained his philosophy , and what he was trying to achieve with his new business . 
 in many ways he was taking a huge gamble . 
 would this traditional community be open to , and embrace , a new menu option and new tastes ? 
 it would certainly help to have a local looking waitress , with an honest face , a friendly attitude , and a local accent . 
 once the clients had been seated and welcomed , and then they could feel comfortable to experiment with new tastes delivered by an assortment of new spicy foods . 
 this would be essential to the successful launch of the business . 
 once people got a taste of the food , gyanesh was confident they would like it , and return . 
 he would turn them into advocates through great food , accompanied by great service , at a reasonable price . 
 liz was warming to gyanesh also , for he seemed nice , honest , and hard working , `` i would need you to start in a week . 
 saturday is our opening day , but friday will be our training day , and a dry run for family and friends . 
 can you start friday ? '' 
 liz managed to blurt out a relieved `` yes , '' she could not hide her smile . 
 gyanesh smiled back , as he thrust out a hand towards her . 
 `` then welcome aboard , '' he said , as liz shook his hand gratefully . 
 gyanesh rose from his seat abruptly , `` bindi , come here quickly ! '' 
 he shouted in an excited way . 
 a slim , petite , indian lady , dressed in an exquisite green silk sari , arrived at the door to the small office . 
 `` gyanesh , why do you shout so , i 'm only down the hall ? '' 
 `` bindi , i would like you to meet liz proctor , liz has agreed to be our waitress , and will start on friday . '' 
 bindi smiled as she sized liz up , `` oh , i 'm sorry , where are my manners . 
 bindi is my wife , and will be running this place with her normal efficiency . '' 
 bindi pulled a playful face at gyanesh , she extended a hand , `` i 'm pleased to meet you liz proctor , and i 'm looking forward to seeing you work with the customers . '' 
 there was a slight hesitation in her voice , it hinted to liz that bindi was not quite sold on her , and needed to see her in action . 
 liz shook her hand warmly , and confidently , `` thank you . 
 i 'm very experienced , and love working with people . 
 gyanesh has explained his vision , and the priorities for this new business . 
 i know he expects superior , courteous service , and i 'll not let you down . '' 
 `` good we 're counting on you , why do n't we see how it goes in the first two weeks , and we 'll have a chat then , ok ? '' 
 this was n't as positive as her interaction with gyanesh . 
 this one was more business like , more calculating , she would n't be persuaded with a pretty smile . 
 liz knew she had to learn the menu , the systems , and the routine quickly . 
 her tableside manner would need to be impeccable for her to get this job . 
 bindi 's shoulders dropped , and for just a second , she seemed to relax . 
 bindi turned to her husband . 
 she stared at him coldly and spoke in hindi , `` she 's a very pretty women , slim and fit . 
 she should be able to wait tables quickly , and she has a grace about her , and a nice looking smile for a local - yes ? '' 
 `` yes , '' agreed gyanesh . 
 they continued in hindi , `` she 'll be good for the customers , but not so good for my husband if he 's distracted , understood ? '' 
 gyanesh looked at liz , the stern warning settling into his deep brown eyes , `` understood , '' he said , desperately hoping she would change the subject . 
 bindi reverted to english , `` good . 
 talk to liz about the salary , the hours , and how we deal with the tips . 
 let 's make sure we all know the rules , and there 's no mis-understandings . '' 
 bindi smiled at them both , before shuffling off to supervise the workers . 
 `` she 's really nice , she just wants everything to go well , '' gyanesh explained . 
 he spent the next twenty minutes detailing how the restaurant worked and the potential for her to earn some good tip money . 
 when friday arrived liz was early . 
 it started with a training session , but the systems , order entry screens , cash , and card systems , were all modern and very simple to use . 
 she took a menu home to study the dishes , and asked for a couple of pronunciation tips . 
 it was relatively simple and she felt confident . 
 she tried to focus , but her mind wandered to dan ; where would they live ? 
 she had worked the system to find him a local school , and it would be better if this job had more certainty , but she would work hard , and make sure she made it through her evaluation period . 
 bindi would be convinced of her value . 
 liz respected bindi , having a woman like that , paying attention to all of the important details , boded well for the business , and she needed some stability . 
 if it were her business , she would act in the same manner . 
 dan was not currently enrolled in any school , for arrangements had been made for him to drop out of the new jersey school , so he would n't be bullied any more . 
 the new school had accepted him , but he would n't be able to attend for another week . 
 liz had patiently explained her predicament to dan , where he needed to stay at a children 's aid shelter for a week , two at the most . 
 he seemed calm when she 'd told him , but she guessed he 'd thought it was better than having to face brian betchley . 
 liz was patient in her explanation , and she 'd selected the right moment and concentrated on using a calm voice . 
 her strategy had worked , soliciting the calm reaction of understanding , and support that she 'd hoped for . 
 dan knew that his mother would try everything in her power to make this shot at a new life work . 
 he knew it would eat away at her , knowing he was in a shelter and far away from her . 
 he also knew that two weeks was probably going to be longer than first sold . 
 he tried to hide his anguish and concern , shelters and group homes were a hard place to survive , but he would have to manage . 
 dan recognized that his mother needed support at this time , and he knew that she was trying her best and near to a breaking point . 
 liz did n't receive a formal education although she 'd never given it much thought , and she 'd never really regretted dropping out of high school early , until recently ; she examined her motivation to leave school , enticed by the lure of quick money to be earned in the service industries . 
 she realized her decision was shortsighted , but her decision and her circumstances meant she needed to be self-sufficient from an early age . 
 dan knew his mother would do anything she could within her means , to secure a stable job , find him a good school and provide a safe place to live . 
 to achieve all of this , within the next two weeks , would be a stretch for the most qualified and connected of person . 
 liz knew nobody locally and dan felt like he was a definite handicap , he was determined to make the best of this situation . 
 he knew he could be a royal pain in the butt , so he needed to support his mother . 
 he would do the best he could to get by and not complain . 
 he needed to remain positive and calm , and wait patiently for his mother to sort things out and get situated . 
 * * * * * chapter 6 : a mother 's love westtown , pennsylvania , u.s.a. , 2014 `` mothers are the necessity of invention . '' 
 the new indian restaurant opened with the right amount of local fanfare . 
 gyanesh and bindi were pleased with the response from the local press , and the verdict delivered by the local food critics . 
 this eclectic group is normally biased and a little closed-minded , but the food critics raved about the food , the variety , the ambience and the service ! 
 liz was especially pleased about the service comments and hoped it would be enough to ease some of bindi 's initial concerns . 
 gyanesh had been busy preparing the meals in the kitchen , with bindi welcoming the patrons and seating them efficiently , she 'd watched the operation running while paying attention to every last detail . 
 liz made a point of being punctual for the first night 's opening ; she arrived early and would stay late , to help the owners with the cleanup and close out routines . 
 bindi was never warm to liz , but she had a professional way about her that liz had come to respect ; liz felt she could make it work . 
 she 'd easily adapted to the job and was becoming quite knowledgeable about the menu , the food , and the combinations . 
 she 'd devised a way to suggest to the customers combinations of dishes where they would order alcohol with their meals , this would elevate the bill amount , and of course , the tip . 
 at the end of the week bindi had praised her efforts , and she received a much needed pay cheque , with an envelope containing some extra cash representing her share of the tips . 
 most of her money was consumed by the rent she was paying for the motel room close to her work . 
 in her off hours she would scour the local newspaper looking for a more suitable place to rent . 
 it would need to be within walking distance of her work , but she soon realized the available selection was slim , for that area of town commanded a rent rate she could ill afford . 
 bindi had named the restaurant `` the spice of rajasthan '' and thankfully , it seemed to be off to a good start . 
 liz was hoping to get some words of encouragement about her job and her performance , where she would feel more comfortable sourcing a place to rent , but bindi was sticking to her original two-week evaluation period . 
 liz felt reluctant to commit to any landlord , without knowing that she had a secure job to cover the rent . 
 she was starting to feel that she would need to break her promise to dan , and it was breaking her heart . 
 what could she say to him ? 
 how would he take it ? 
 at the restaurant , occasionally there would be food left over in the kitchen at the end of the day . 
 bindi knew that liz was just managing to scrape by financially . 
 when bindi became comfortable with liz , she would offer the unserved left over food to liz to take home , `` it 's good that you can try these menu items , so that you can honestly answer the customers questions . '' 
 liz would smile gratefully , but both women knew it was charity - liz would accept gracefully . 
 by the second week , gyanesh was sneaking un-ordered , freshly cooked , food items into her take home bag . 
 each night , liz would graciously thank him pretending not to notice , she would not reject the food for she desperately needed the help . 
 she felt guilty that this was eating into the profits of the business and worked even harder to help out with additional duties . 
 it was thursday of the second week and liz felt sad . 
 she would not keep the promise she made to her son even though she 'd made a good start in her new job , she still could n't get a good read bindi 's decision . 
 would she get to keep her job ? 
 she felt tears start to well up in her eyes and decided to run for the back door ; liz was embarrassed to be seen like this . 
 bindi heard the sniffles coming from the back and suspected the worse as she pushed her way through the heavy steel door , `` liz , are you okay ? 
 did gyanesh say something to upset you ? '' 
 liz was horrified , `` no , no , '' she said hurriedly , wiping away her tears , `` gyanesh has been wonderful . 
 i 'm not upset because of your husband . '' 
 bindi sat next to liz , both women now seated , in silence , upon the cold concrete step . 
 `` tell me about your problems , perhaps we can solve them together , '' liz peered into bindi 's large brown eyes . 
 she was genuine , warm and caring , it was obvious that bindi was really trying to help . 
 liz opened up , as she talked about the rough start to life that dan had experienced , and she described the bullying combined with his foster home experience . 
 liz explained to bindi the promise she 'd made to dan , and how she would feel breaking that promise and letting him down . 
 she could n't hold back her tears . 
 `` it 's okay , you 're a good mother , you work hard , and you try to do the best you can for your family , i admire that . 
 indian women are the same , '' she said smiling . 
 liz raised her eyes and studied bindi 's face carefully . 
 it really looked like she meant it ; she was not patronizing her . 
 she managed a half smile , `` thanks , that means a lot . 
 he 's a good kid , i just wish i could give him more . '' 
 `` he has a lot already , a mother that loves him , and will fight for him . 
 some kids do n't have that you know . '' 
 `` i guess you 're right , '' liz had stopped crying , for she suddenly realized she was doing everything she possibly could . 
 `` i like you liz , and you know that this restaurant , '' bindi stopped in mid sentence to wave her hand at the building behind her , `` this business , well , it 's everything to us . 
 we have to make it work , we 're in too deep to turn back now . 
 it 'll make or break us financially , and quite frankly , as a couple also . 
 that 's why i 've been so strict with you ; i wanted to make sure we hired the right person . 
 no offense , but anyone can serve tables , '' liz stiffened visibly as the ultimate truth was delivered expertly , `` but we were n't looking for a waitress , we wanted an ambassador , a person that extended the experience and philosophy , that we 're trying to create here . '' 
 liz diverted her gaze to the stained concrete below her . 
 she knew at that moment that she was either going to get this job or be released . 
 `` i like you liz , i like your attitude , and your work ethic . 
 i think you 're honest and hard working , but what 's more important is that you get what we are trying to achieve here , that 's why i 'm comfortable offering you this job full time . '' 
 without thinking liz lunged forward wrapping her slender arms around bindi and hugging her tightly , `` oh thank you , thank you . 
 you 'll not regret this , '' bindi had thrown her a lifeline . 
 she needed this badly , and she 'd worked very hard to listen and pay attention to what was required of her . 
 she released bindi from her relieved hug and stared into her eyes . 
 she mouthed the words , `` thank you , '' but no sound would escape from her lips . 
 liz started to cry again , but this time it was different . 
 it was a feeling of relief , and yes , possibly a small amount of happiness . 
 bindi smiled , as she reached out and held liz 's hand . 
 it was a gesture to tell her to stay and they would continue their chat . 
 `` i have a proposal for you to consider , one which makes sense , and i think you 'll like . 
 liz raised her chin in anticipation . 
 bindi had a glint in her eye ; she was about to deliver the words that could radically change liz 's fortunes . 
 she waited , enjoying the look of expectant anticipation washing across her pretty face . 
 `` i think i have a way for you to keep your promise . 
 above the store we have two small apartments , the one that faces the main street is the nicest , for it gets the morning sun , and gyanesh 's grandfather lives in that one . 
 he 's from the old country and totally lost over here in the states . 
 his english is poor , but he 's low maintenance , does n't interfere with our business , and has been exceptionally kind to us when we first started out as a couple . 
 he reads a lot and still has a sharp mind . 
 he 's a bit wobbly on his feet and walks with a cane . '' 
 bindi could see the look of confusion crawling across liz 's face as she tried to reconcile how this old relative could help her keep her promise to dan . 
 `` i 'm rambling on , let me get straight to the point . 
 the other apartment is smaller and faces the shade , but it 's available . 
 i would make the rent very reasonable and you could make it comfortable . 
 there 's a small room that you could make into a second bedroom for dan . 
 your commute to work would be a small flight of stairs , which would be handy for the both of us . 
 i wanted to see if you worked out before i offered you this option . 
 if you 're not interested , i would fully understand . '' 
 liz shuffled nervously ; `` no , no , '' she said raising her hand , `` of course i 'm interested . 
 providing i can afford the rent - it sounds ideal . '' 
 `` on the evening shifts , if it made you feel better , dan could visit across the hallway with raj . 
 raj could keep an eye on him while you work and he would make sure dan is safe from any trouble . 
 i 'm sure raj would appreciate the company . 
 being supervised by an adult , and so close to you when you 're at work , can only help in your argument to get him back , no ? '' 
 liz could n't dispute the appeal of having dan so close . 
 if it started to get slow in the restaurant , she could actually pop upstairs and check in on him quickly . 
 `` if i can afford this , it would be wonderful . '' 
 bindi smiled , `` the apartment comes with a small kitchen and bathroom , it 's not opulent , but i 'm sure you can make it cozy , and it 's safe . 
 there 's a separate entrance , so you can come and go as you please . 
 oh and one more thing , the school is right around the corner , a ten minute walk . '' 
 liz felt her heart soar with hope , `` can we make this work out ? 
 you know how much i earn . '' 
 bindi squeezed her hand , `` we 'll make it work ; you 're part of our family now . '' 
 family , that sounded good to liz , for she 'd never been part of a family before , but she liked how this sounded and how it was beginning to feel . 
 a wave of relief rushed through her , and she burst into tears again - tears of joy . 
 `` i 'm really looking forward to my meeting with the children 's aid counselor tomorrow , can i tell her that i have a job , and a place to live definitely ? '' 
 `` sort of , '' bindi responded with a mischievous smile . 
 `` sort of , '' repeated liz with her heart pounding ? 
 `` well , normally before you decide to live in a place you go and check it out , do n't you ? '' 
 bindi pulled liz 's hand , motioning her to stand as the two ladies went to inspect the apartment . 
 liz loved the place . 
 it was traditional , with ceiling moldings , hard wood floors , and warm red brick walls . 
 a couple of worn rugs were supporting a tired looking couch . 
 the apartment was furnished , but it did n't look like a home . 
 there were no personal touches , no touch that a woman would bring . 
 `` gyanesh has been using this place as an office while the work crews ripped the restaurant apart . 
 he 'd sleep here sometimes , when he needed to make sure they stayed to complete the work on time . 
 as you know , it came down to the wire , and you have to ride these guys constantly . 
 the furniture 's not great , but in time you can bring in your own or replace them immediately . '' 
 liz remained silent until she 'd walked through every room . 
 she inspected the apartment but she tried to feel the vibe by imagining her and dan living there . 
 did it feel right to her ? 
 she trusted her intuition above all else . 
 her heart was floating as she turned to an anxious bindi , `` what about gyanesh ? '' 
 `` my husband makes certain decisions . 
 he decides how the restaurant is to look , what the menu should contain , and he has total control over that part of the business because he 's damn good at what he does . 
 when it comes to the business side of the business , keeping the books , dealing with our suppliers , and renting the apartment , that 's what i 'm good at , and it 's my decision . 
 besides , i 've already told him that 's what we 're going to do and he 's agreed , '' she said with a beaming smile . 
 returning the smile , liz simply said , `` it 's perfect . '' 
 a day later liz was signing dan 's release documents and handing over copies of her rental agreement to the counselor at the children 's aid society . 
 she 'd met her conditions of release . 
 bindi had furnished liz with an official letter confirming her employment at the spice of rajasthan . 
 the counselor was a portly woman with a booming voice ; she inspected the documentation thoroughly , `` so you got the job then ? '' 
 `` yes , '' nodded liz . 
 `` and you found an apartment above the restaurant ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` how convenient . 
 so if i wanted to visit you , in say a week or so , you could let me have a look at the place ? '' 
 liz stiffened up , `` is that normal ? '' 
 the portly counselor fidgeted and leaned uncomfortably close to liz , she paused for a brief moment and began to talk in a stern manner , `` we would n't want to put dan in harm 's way now would we ? 
 restaurants can be busy places , with lots of people coming and going . 
 not to mention the hot stove , sharp knives in the kitchen , and dangers that a professional cooking environment can pose . '' 
 liz 's face dropped . 
 the bright smile she 'd been wearing all day faded quickly . 
 she 'd moved too quickly , she had n't thought about the dangers . 
 strangers and grease fires flashed through her mind . 
 a voice surged upwards through her body like a coiled snake rising , ` say something , quickly , ' she thought . 
 `` the restaurant is new and modern , it 's state of the art . 
 the kitchen is brand new with high-end equipment , the owners have spared no expense , and i 've participated in their nightly cleanup routines . 
 gyanesh conducts a safety check each night , and the kitchen has all of the safety features required to recently pass a state inspection . 
 the apartment is not connected to the restaurant - it has a separate entrance and exit . 
 it has a sturdy door and is alarmed with the restaurant 's monitored security system , and in many ways it 's better than most apartments . 
 we share a complex with gyanesh 's grandfather , who lives in the apartment across the hall . 
 this is another reason why gyanesh will ensure the safety of the inhabitants that live above his business . 
 i 'm very happy with this arrangement and i 'll be working downstairs while my son is being supervised by raj , gyanesh 's grandfather . 
 most single mothers would kill for this type of arrangement . '' 
 liz was in survival mode , a mother fighting for her son . 
 she 'd raised her voice and unwittingly leaned forward to match the aggressive posture the counselor had adopted . 
 the counselor leaned backwards , like a large cat backing away from an unwanted fight , `` it sounds good , and so you would n't mind if i visited you both in a weeks time then ? '' 
 liz picked up on the word ` both . ' 
 if she played her cards right , and kept cool , she could be going home with dan - going home together , `` that 's fine with me , you 'll have to come between my work shifts . '' 
 liz immediately regretted her words , why did she say that , it was stupid . 
 the counselor cracked a half smile , `` we 'll arrange a suitable time . 
 dan will need to be supervised by an adult while you are away working , until the age of sixteen . 
 that 's a condition of his release and i 'm assuming i can arrange this validation visit by contacting you at the restaurant number ? '' 
 `` that would be fine , '' said liz , without the consent of gyanesh or bindi . 
 `` by the way , i was meaning to ask you a question about dan . 
 how did he get that scar under his lip ? '' 
 liz 's inner voice ripped through her body as she talked to herself , ` remain clam , she 's just trying to get a rise out of you . ' 
 liz took a deep breath and steadied herself , `` the reason we moved here to westtown was to escape the bullies that preyed on dan at his previous school . 
 one of those bullies was responsible for the beating he received , and the scar was a result from that . 
 it 's all in the files i 'm sure . 
 there was a witness ; a little girl that i spoke with personally . 
 that 's when i decided to get dan out of that toxic environment , to start a new life . 
 like i said , it should all be in the files . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sure that 's what it says , '' drawled the counselor trying to make it sound like there was more to the story . 
 liz forced a smile then signed the release papers presented to her , and before she knew it , she was waiting in a small , dull looking room , as they went to collect dan . 
 dan charged into the room dropping his large gym bag bulging with hastily packed clothes and launched himself into his waiting mother 's relieved arms . 
 `` you came , you really came ! '' 
 dan was close to tears . 
 dan liked to portray himself as detached , solemn , and vacant , but this was a defense mechanism . 
 he was n't a particularly big or athletic kid , fortunate to be armed with a physique to protect himself . 
 the reality was so far from the façade ; he was a high energy , happy , intelligent and engaged kid , full of life , and brimming with gratitude for the simple pleasures . 
 he hugged his mother tightly ; squeezing her as if to prove to himself that she was real . 
 `` i promised i would . 
 wait until you see our new home , its right above where i work . 
 we 're finally getting our act together kiddo ! '' 
 liz 's affectionate nickname for dan was ` kiddo , ' she used this often when she felt happy and relaxed . 
 today he 'd never been more proud of his mother , for she 'd delivered upon her promise and managed to win him back . 
 he knew what an accomplishment that was and how hard she 'd had to fight for him , he knew delivering upon that promise was n't easy . 
 the time dan spent at the group home had dragged on , and he was more than ready to leave . 
 the kids had been cool , they 'd been nice , left him alone when he wanted solitude , and he 'd felt safe . 
 he 'd managed to read a couple of books and escaped into adventures and lands far away . 
 he 'd followed instructions given to him by the staff and tried to keep a low profile , it was his way of existing , blending in , but he 'd dreaded the inevitable disappointment of this day , and in an effort to prepare - he 'd played it through in his mind . 
 it was a very slim chance to expect his mother to secure a job and find a place to live all within two weeks . 
 he 'd rehearsed his lines for this difficult conversation and he knew she would feel devastated and ripped apart with guilt , so he 'd planned some careful phrases , designed to make her feel better and reassure her of his faith in their new life . 
 today 's positive news surpassed his wildest dreams , and he quickly forgot his well-rehearsed lines , as he held on tightly to his mother 's arms . 
 she pushed him away , lowered her eyes to his height , and stared at his happy face for a second , `` we 're getting out of here kiddo , let 's go home . 
 pickup your bag , we need to leave before they change their minds , '' she said smiling , with a cheeky wink . 
 dan did n't need to be told twice , in one swift movement he 'd swooped his bag from the floor and was heading out of the room . 
 * * * * * chapter 7 : the dream cane westtown , pennsylvania , u.s.a. , 2014 `` the young man knows the rules , but the old man knows the exceptions . '' 
 dan skipped along the sidewalk dragging his large heavy gym bag behind him , he looked like a young spring rabbit tethered to a large , heavy , steel ball . 
 when they arrived at the restaurant 's large picture window , he skipped right past it , realizing that his mother had come to an abrupt halt ; he turned to understand why she was no longer following him . 
 she smiled and playfully pointed at the large glass window . 
 dan ran back dragging his bag behind him , `` is this the place ? '' 
 `` yup , this is it kiddo . 
 are you ready for a tour ? '' 
 there was a small opening at the side of the restaurant 's window that led to an entrance elevated by a dark stone step . 
 the entrance concealed a large burgundy door . 
 at the side of the door was a weathered steel box housing a speaker with two black protruding buttons . 
 the buttons were adorned with white plastic writing , ` 2a ' was written on the top button , ` 2b ' on the bottom button . 
 `` this is our button , you simply need to press this when you do n't have a key on you . 
 i will hear it ring upstairs , and i can talk to you through this speaker , and i can open the door . 
 got it ? '' 
 dan looked at his mother with the blank expression of disbelief , `` i 'm fourteen years old mum , and i watch movies ! 
 i think i know how to operate one of these antique things . '' 
 dan was fourteen , but you would n't describe him as a street-smart kid with an old head on his shoulders . 
 `` so you 've seen these things before , i get it , but i just wanted to make sure you knew how it worked . 
 let 's go inside . '' 
 liz inserted the brass key and pushed the heavy door open , it led to a small , square entrance , and a narrow set of wooden stairs with a smooth wooden handrail . 
 dan bounded up the stairs as if his heavy bag were made from the lightest of cotton wool . 
 he stopped at the top before dropping his bag . 
 ` 2b ' glowed in a brilliant white set against the dark colored paint of the door ; liz used a different key and gently opened the door to their new life . 
 dan leapt inside rushing forward into the new apartment , and his new home , he dropped the bag inches within the door well and proceeded to explore every room . 
 he did n't remember to ask where he would be sleeping , at the time he did n't care . 
 he would 've slept on the floor if he had to , as long as they were together . 
 dan could n't believe his eyes when he finally made his way around to the second , smaller , bedroom . 
 he stopped suddenly , taking in the scene before him . 
 he felt a presence behind him and turned to see his mother smiling at him , `` you like ? '' 
 all dan could do was nod , `` you finally have your own room . 
 i know it 's not that big but ... '' `` it 's perfect , '' interrupted dan . 
 `` what do you think of the rest of the apartment ? '' 
 `` it feels like home , '' he said , flopping down on his bed . 
 liz smiled , `` yeah , we 've finally got a home . 
 the furniture is a bit old , but we 'll make do for now . 
 i 'll have this place looking better in a day or two . '' 
 `` mum , it 's great , just great , '' gushed dan . 
 using her foot , liz pushed the discarded gym bag into dan 's new room and motioned for him to come out . 
 `` join me in the living room , '' she patted the couch . 
 dan sat , sinking into the worn cushions . 
 `` we 're renting this place from the people who own the restaurant below , they 're my new employers . 
 we have to treat this place with respect and be careful with it . 
 no leaving taps running or the stove on , you hear me ? '' 
 dan knew his mother was serious , for she did n't break eye contact , `` i understand mum . '' 
 `` good , i 'm counting on you . '' 
 two small , dull colored , brass keys held together by a silver ring protruded from her raised hand , `` these are yours , please do n't lose them . '' 
 dan reached forward and held the keys , `` my next shift starts at four and goes through till eleven . 
 what you have to understand , is that i would n't have been able to get you back with me , if i had to leave you at home , alone for hours on end , while i worked . 
 do you get that ? '' 
 dan thought hard , `` no , not really . '' 
 liz breathed deeply , hoping she had enough patience ; `` i have to work to earn money , it pays for food and rent , so we can live here , but i ca n't leave you alone at night ; unattended is what they call it . 
 you ca n't come with me to the restaurant , so i have no choice . 
 if you want to live here with me , then i do n't want any fuss about what i 'm going to say . 
 gyanesh is the nice man who gave me the job downstairs ; he runs the restaurant with his wife bindi . 
 gyanesh 's grandfather is called raj , and he lives next door in apartment ` 2a ' . 
 when i 'm working the late shift , you 'll need to come home from school , get changed , have your dinner here with me and then go and visit raj . 
 on weekends , you 'll go to raj 's place for my evening shift , and wait for me to come and pick you up , when my shift ends . '' 
 liz could see the brewing panic deep within dan 's eyes , `` i 'll only be downstairs , and i 'll come upstairs and check in on you throughout the evening , to make sure that you 're alright . 
 it 's going to be fine , i promise . 
 you can read a book or watch tv or do your homework , you two will be best buddies . '' 
 dan did n't like the idea , but he was smart enough to realize that she had no other options , and this was the only way she could get him back . 
 `` i 'm just glad to be with you , '' he said . 
 `` do n't get too comfy though because next week , you 'll soon start at your new school . 
 i called this morning and they told me that you 've been accepted and you could start mid-year . 
 they were extra accommodating because of our special circumstances . '' 
 dan pulled a face ; `` i have a good feeling about this place , everyone 's been so nice . '' 
 adults are always nice to begin with , but kids can be cruel right from the start . 
 it 's always hard breaking in to a new school , this would be no different , but he needed to do it . 
 he would n't allow himself to undo all of his mother 's hard work . 
 for the first time , in a long while , she seemed happy . 
 her face glowed with optimism and hope , a feeling that had been missing for so long from her life . 
 dan knew he would have to make this school a success , as he liked the apartment and he did n't want to move again . 
 `` okay - unpack , and relax for a bit , we have a couple of hours before my shift starts . 
 i 'm going to take you over to meet raj in about ninety minutes , so be ready . 
 i 'll spend a bit of time with you both , but then i 'll need to head down to the restaurant . 
 dan , listen to me carefully . '' 
 dan snapped his attention back to his mother , `` i know this wo n't be easy for you , we 're all having to make adjustments , but i need you to make this work , be nice to the kind old man , you hear me ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 it seemed to dan like the pressure was mounting to make a lot of things work . 
 dan was starting to get a little stressed out , as he nodded reassuringly to his mother , and sought the refuge of his private room . 
 the bed had an unfamiliar odor ; it had the faint smell of a man 's fragrance . 
 dan kicked his shoes off and dumped the contents of his gym bag into a couple of deep wooden drawers contained within a worn wooden cabinet . 
 he stretched out comfortably upon his bed and dived into the latest book he was reading . 
 dan loved to escape to other places and other worlds ; books afforded him that chance . 
 he lived his life vicariously through the characters depicted in the books he read . 
 the latest book to capture dan 's imagination was a novel with a lead character called beth . 
 the novel had detailed life in india , which could be useful information when dan needed to make small talk with raj , perhaps this would help him relate . 
 his mind wandered to the old man ; would he be senile , coherent , intelligent , wise , or clueless ? 
 would he be able to learn from this man , as a wise sage , or would he grow frustrated at his inability to communicate relevant , and interesting information to a fourteen year old ? 
 lost in the book , dan glanced at the fiery red numbers displayed on the bedside clock ; it was almost time to go . 
 he 'd managed to finish the book , and thoroughly enjoyed it . 
 a tap at the door caused his tired eyes to widen , `` come in , '' he said . 
 liz pushed the door gently , `` you ready kiddo ? 
 we have to get going , i need to introduce you to raj and get ready to start my shift . '' 
 `` i 'm ready , just let me grab a sweater . '' 
 dan moved from the bed to retrieve his favorite black woolen sweater from the drawer . 
 liz placed a hand on his small shoulder , `` you really ok with this ? 
 you know i 'm trying hard to make a good life for us both . '' 
 dan smiled sympathetically , he hugged his mother tightly , `` i 'm fine , and i know you 're doing what 's best for us both . 
 i 'm proud of you mum and i love you . '' 
 it was just what she needed to hear . 
 they left their apartment and walked across the hallway , dan could see the door of apartment ` 2a . ' 
 the door was freshly painted in a rich , deep , wine color . 
 liz approached and pressed the small white button located at the side of the door . 
 the faint sound of a chime could be heard , signaling their arrival . 
 dan was nervous ; butterflies fluttered within his stomach . 
 `` come in , the door 's open , '' said a faint voice from within . 
 liz looked at dan ; they exchanged worried glances before she reached for the handle and gently pushed the door . 
 liz led the way with dan staying close behind . 
 they stepped into a larger apartment than their own , into a living room decorated in rich , warm earth tones . 
 a large patterned rug , splashed with vibrant reds , browns , and golds , covered the gleaming wood floor . 
 two large , comfy , reclining chairs , paired with a matching sofa , surrounded the rug . 
 the apartment was dark , yet accented with a few soft light sources , supplied by elaborately sculptured golden table lamps . 
 the walls were decorated with framed photographs from a long time ago , showing moments of contentment and happiness . 
 in one corner of the room was a large , modern television that stood dark and silent . 
 a large wall was covered in wooden shelving , crammed with an assortment of books . 
 they were neatly arranged , indicating some level of organization and order . 
 facing the door was raj , seated in one of the large comfy chairs . 
 the door snapped closed behind them , as dan peered curiously from behind his mother 's body . 
 raj was a man of small stature , dressed in a beige tunic with dark chocolate colored pants and a shock of ruffled wavy white hair , a grey and white beard , and bushy eyebrows . 
 he had kind , large brown eyes , and weathered skin ; he had a few visible moles and some dark skin blemishes that showed his age . 
 he wore large silver rimmed glasses containing thick lenses that were perched low upon his nose . 
 his right hand shook slightly , whilst his left hand grasped an ornate cane . 
 raj offered a salutation , `` ah visitors , welcome , come in please , '' raj waved a hand , and then struggled to adjust his weight . 
 he tried to stand up from his chair , to formally greet his visitors . 
 he managed to push himself to his feet , using his sturdy cane for support . 
 raj wobbled initially , but soon steadied himself . 
 liz approached and extended a hand ; raj shook it vigorously . 
 liz talked quickly , her nerves and uncertainty fueling her speed , `` thank you so much for doing this , i hope it 's not too much of an imposition ? 
 i 'd like to compensate you in some small way . '' 
 dan peered from behind his mother 's protective body . 
 he was unsure about this and unsure about the man that stood before him . 
 `` dear lady , it is my utmost pleasure , '' said raj shaking and then releasing liz 's hand , `` i would cherish the time spent to get to know this fine gentleman , and at my advanced age , that alone , is adequate compensation . '' 
 raj 's eyes came to rest upon the shy , impish figure , hiding behind his mother 's frame . 
 dan felt the old man 's gaze fall upon him , and for the first time , he made direct eye contact with the man , `` and you must be mr. dan ? '' 
 dan nodded , unsure of his next move . 
 he wanted to run , but he knew how important this was to his mother , and their future together . 
 he had to make this work , it was n't in his nature as he would rather have hid , but he stepped forward from his mother 's protection emerging into the open , in a show of bravado and courage . 
 he offered his hand boldly , `` hi , i 'm dan . '' 
 raj approached , still appearing unsteady upon his feet . 
 he took the boy 's little white hand and wrapped it within his large , leathery skinned hand , covered in veins , wrinkles , and brown blemishes . 
 raj stooped and gently shook dan 's hand , `` it 's my pleasure to meet you dan - i 'm raj . 
 i 'm looking forward to getting to know you . '' 
 dan glanced at his smiling mother , `` me too , '' spilled from his mouth . 
 this seemed to please his worried mother immensely , as her body visibly relaxed from her tense state , as she smiled at raj . 
 `` well , i think i 'll leave you two men to chat , i have to get downstairs to start my shift , as they 're expecting me . 
 i 'll try to pop up and check in on you during my shift when there 's a slow period , is that alright ? '' 
 raj responded instinctively , `` sure . '' 
 dan tried to reassure her , `` you do n't have to skip off work mum , i 'm sure it 's going to be alright . '' 
 `` me too , but i 'm the one who worries , and i 'm doing it more for my own peace of mind . 
 maybe i 'll do this for the first night , and then i 'll stop worrying - ok ? 
 my shift is over at 11pm , so i 'll come and get him then . '' 
 raj nodded , `` he has n't started his new school yet , right ? 
 so he does n't have any homework tonight . '' 
 liz nodded in agreement . 
 dan started to fidget , he noticed raj was starting to get unsteady , as he shifted his weight to his other foot clearly needing to sit , `` mum stop worrying and go . '' 
 `` you 're right , i do n't want to be late ; i 'll pop up on my break , when it gets quiet then . '' 
 liz waved sheepishly and slipped out of the door , standing in the hallway she let out a long , heavy , deep sigh . 
 she did n't know if this was the right thing to do , she felt racked with guilt , but relieved at how well dan seemed to be handling it . 
 she scurried down the thin wooden stairs on her way to the restaurant and her new job . 
 in the apartment above the restaurant , stood an old man and a young boy , each unsure of the situation they were facing . 
 they stood and awkwardly sized each other up , the silence was broken by raj , `` can i get you anything to eat or drink young man ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm good , thanks . '' 
 `` well then , lets take a seat , '' raj waved his hand at an open chair , as he shuffled back to his comfy familiar chair . 
 he fell into its welcoming cushioned support heavily , as his knees gave way under him , refusing to support his small frame further . 
 `` ahh that 's good , i 'm not as strong as i used to be dan , and i can tell you getting old is not much fun , but alas , it comes to us all . '' 
 dan nodded in agreement , and settled into a cozy oversized chair . 
 the two stared at each other unsure of where to begin . 
 at a loss for words they felt awkward and disconnected without one common thread of a connection . 
 dan felt it and tried hard with the only line he could muster , a premeditated one , `` so i guess you come from india ? '' 
 raj looked at the boy and rubbed his chin thoughtfully , `` indeed . 
 i was born in patna , a long time ago . 
 patna is located in the north of india , and slightly to the east . 
 my parents moved me to delhi when i was a young boy , but i returned to patna , later in life . 
 now i find myself here , in the united states of america , with what 's left of my family . '' 
 `` you sound like you wished you were back in patna ? '' 
 `` you 're a perceptive young man , what 's your story ? '' 
 `` i 'm a kid , i do n't have much of a story , '' raj smiled , `` i follow my mum around , my dad took off when i was a baby , and my mum has lousy taste in men . 
 she tries to protect me , but i get picked on a lot , ` cos i 'm weird . '' 
 raj leaned forward intrigued , `` who says your weird ? '' 
 `` everyone . 
 mainly kids at school . 
 i move around a lot so i do n't have any friends , and i do n't seem to mix well . 
 i 'm kind of shy , well , kind of weird really . '' 
 that word hurt him ; it seemed to be worse that it fell from his own lips . 
 raj recognized dan 's downward shameful glance , the dejected look , and the defeatist tone creeping into his voice . 
 feeling worthless , valueless , isolated , and adrift , was not a strange concept to him lately . 
 when you look different , sound different , and act different , then you are different , in today 's society , ` different ' can be really hard to take , and in some circumstances , even dangerous . 
 raj longed desperately for simpler times , and the long hot peaceful days of patna ; he fit in there in every way . 
 even today , with all of this modern progress , and the rapid changes sweeping across india , he felt he would still fit in more . 
 `` dan , being shy does n't make you weird , being ` different ' makes you weird in some people 's eyes , but the best people in the history of the world were different , and that 's what makes them the best . '' 
 dan paused to think about raj 's insightful words , `` i get picked on a lot when they catch me reading ; i 'm quiet and i do n't speak up much . '' 
 there was a moment of silence before raj 's thoughtful response , `` me too . '' 
 dan raised his eyes and a wide smile broke across his face . 
 dan moved the focus of his eyes towards the crowded bookshelves , `` i can see that , i do n't know why but i just love books , they allow me to learn and escape , plus it makes the time fly by . '' 
 when dan had entered the apartment , raj had noticed a small white scar running under his bottom lip ; the only blemish on a handsome kids face , `` how did you get that scar ? '' 
 raj inquired pointing to his chin . 
 dan rubbed it with his finger , as if to remind him of its existence , `` i got beat up on my way to school - that 's why my mum moved us here . '' 
 raj nodded , as if to recognize dan 's pain , `` there 's nothing wrong with reading you know , it 's becoming a lost art . 
 i have a lot of time on my hands and that 's why i have a lot of books . '' 
 `` do you think i could borrow one ? 
 i 've just finished the book i was reading . '' 
 `` sure , go to the shelves and pick one , you 're welcome to borrow anything that i have . '' 
 dan approached the wall of books and browsed - he was unsure of his selection . 
 his small fingers caressed the spines of the books , as if trying to absorb their plots . 
 finally , he selected a book , ` jamaica inn , ' a classic by english writer daphne du maurier . 
 he returned to his chair holding the hardback edition , raj smiled . 
 dan stared at him and inquired , `` are n't you going to ask me what i selected ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you can tell me , but only if you wish to . '' 
 raj leaned forward placing his hands upon the shaft of his wooden cane . 
 it was a beautiful cane made from dark polished wood , the base of the cane had a shining silver tip , wedged into the brightly colored rug , and barely visible . 
 the cane was smooth and the dark wood glistened . 
 at the top of the cane a ring of butterflies were carved into the wood circling the shaft . 
 below the handle was a bright silver collar engraved with some long forgotten language . 
 a series of words and symbols wrapped around the collar , they appeared dark against the polished silver . 
 above the collar was a large silver knob , which looked like a brightly polished silver honeycomb . 
 inset within each honeycomb was a brilliantly colored crimson red polished jewel . 
 `` i 've just finished reading a novel where some of the plot is set in india . 
 it 's set in kolkata , west bengal , i believe . '' 
 they exchanged a mutual smile , `` i 'll tell you which book i chose , but only if you promise not to tell me anything about the plot . 
 i hate it when people spoil things without giving the reader a chance to let the story unfold . '' 
 dan let his gaze slip towards the window , he could see the light fading and the autumn leaves racing past carried by the wind ; he gripped his selected book harder . 
 `` i know what you mean , '' raj spoke with an assured confidence of an older gentleman . 
 he had the faintest tinge of an indian accent , and some of the phrases he would use sounded like they were lifted from a book written in another age . 
 `` i can promise you , i would n't spoil your enjoyment , '' raj clasped the cane tightly bringing the palms of his hands together . 
 dan perched upon the edge of his chair and presented the illustrated cover of his selected book for inspection , `` it 's jamaica inn . '' 
 the book was heavier than dan had expected and slipped from his fingers crashing to the floor landing at raj 's feet . 
 `` so sorry , i 'm always too clumsy . '' 
 as dan leaned forward to retrieve the wayward book , a small ringing noise caught his attention . 
 he stopped suddenly , frozen in his stooped position , remaining motionless . 
 the ringing noise continued until dan had quickly located the source . 
 raj had held his cane pinned between his knees . 
 his hands were resting , palms down upon his thighs , and his eyes were transfixed upon the events unfolding before him . 
 the silver knob that topped the cane had separated , and was floating , spinning wildly , about three inches above the cane - rotating in thin air . 
 the red honeycombs shone like hot coals , sending shards of bright , crimson light , onto the apartment walls , like a 1980 's disco ball . 
 a strange ringing noise accompanied the spinning ball as it levitated well above the cane 's silver collar . 
 `` how 'd you do that ? '' 
 inquired dan , still maintaining his awkward pose . 
 raj diverted his eyes from the glowing orb and looked at dan , `` i 'm not . 
 you are . '' 
 dan sat on his haunches positioned at raj 's feet watching the spinning orb . 
 the book remained on the floor with the orb grabbing all of his attention , `` i 'm not doing anything . '' 
 the orb suddenly fell silent and its spinning motion started to slow . 
 the glow within the orb started to subside and it gently floated downwards towards its silver base , resting upon the collar of the carved cane . 
 raj had not moved , with the cane still pressed between his knees . 
 his palms were still resting upon his thighs . 
 when the orb finally came to rest , a strange noise could be heard . 
 it was the type of noise that could be heard when a vacuum-sealed door is closed - a small hissing sound . 
 raj 's face was in pure shock . 
 `` that was cool ! '' 
 how did you do that ? '' 
 questioned dan , sitting on the rug in front of raj . 
 raj was quiet for a moment , his demeanor had changed , and he looked like his brain was working overtime . 
 he was clearly confused and at a loss for words . 
 `` did you know your cane could do that ? '' 
 quizzed dan impatiently , `` come on raj , tell me how you did that , that was so cool ! '' 
 dan was excited , but he needed answers , his best guess was a magnetic magic trick , but he could n't figure out the light source . 
 raj grasped the ball fixed to the top of his cane , with both hands ; he realized how close dan was to him now , sitting right at his feet . 
 `` i do n't know where to begin , and i do n't know if i should explain this to you . 
 the real reason , if i 'm being honest , is i do n't know if i can trust you with this knowledge . '' 
 raj looked deeply into the large green eyes staring up at him , and he caught the look of disappointment sweep across the young man 's face . 
 `` now just a minute , you do n't know if you can trust me ? 
 my mother was forced to leave her fourteen-year-old son with a man she does n't know because the children 's aid people said i have to be with an adult until i 'm sixteen . 
 i agreed to come here , so she can keep her job and earn a living . 
 this is the only way she can keep us together , so we are n't separated with me living in a group home . 
 i do n't know you at all , and you could be any kind of weirdo , but i have to trust you , i have no choice . 
 so if you want to talk about trust , you should start by asking my mother and then me . '' 
 dan stared at raj ; he was so close , it was the first time that he 'd noticed raj was missing a tooth in the front of his open mouth . 
 there was a large gap and it was very distracting . 
 raj was stunned by the response from this fourteen-year-old boy . 
 dan 's face had changed from curiosity to defiance . 
 he showed a steely confidence , and maturity far beyond his age , for this kid had been through a lot in his young life ; he was a survivor with a fire in his belly and a large heart . 
 `` you 're right , please accept my apologies , i 'll explain what just happened , but it 'll take some time , and i need to start at the beginning for all this to make sense . 
 i 'll need to tell you a story , but it 's not fiction , it 's not a novel , its real . 
 if you 're patient , and do n't interrupt me , then i 'll be happy to explain everything . 
 once i tell you , there will be no going back , the secret i 'll share with you will bond us together for life . 
 are you sure you want me to continue , because this is your only chance of going back ? '' 
 dan pretended to think about it , knowing his curiosity had been peaked and his intellect would not allow him to leave a sight like that unexplained , `` i 'm in , as long as that was not just some lousy magic trick . '' 
 raj stared at the boy incredulously , `` that was not a lame magic trick , and i 'm no magician . 
 i 'm serious , if we do this , then we 're in this together . '' 
 dan had n't a clue what he was opting in for , but the serious look upon raj 's face seemed genuine , `` ok , tell me the story . 
 you said it was a long one so i 'm going to get comfy . '' 
 dan grabbed a cushion from the couch and used it as a pillow for his head , as he stretched out on the floor at raj 's feet . 
 `` ok , i 'm ready when you are . '' 
 raj gripped his cane tightly and took a deep breath , `` when i was a little boy growing up in patna , i enjoyed a simple life , my grandfather owned a sweet shop , and he made indian dessert delicacies such as boondi ladoo and kalakand . 
 people would come from miles around to buy his sweet desserts , because they were that good , and he would make them all by hand . 
 the sweets and mini desserts are a family tradition where indian families would sit and enjoy them after their meals . 
 one day my parents had to travel , i ca n't remember where they were going or even why they had to go . 
 i was about seven years old , so a little younger than you , and my grandparents were going to look after me for a few days , until my parents returned . 
 i thought it was wonderful ; tell me a kid who would n't want to live in a sweet shop for a couple of days . '' 
 dan fluffed his pillow and got settled in . 
 `` one day after work , my grandfather came to see me . 
 it was late , and i was almost asleep . 
 it was winter in india , and the evenings were starting to get cool , as i snuggled up tightly covered with thick heavy blankets upon my bed . 
 i could hear my grandfather coming ; he 'd finished work for the day and the store was now closed . 
 i could hear a strange clunking sound coming from the wooden floorboards as he planted the silver tipped end of his cane to support his weight . 
 standing all day long had weakened his knees , and he needed his cane to assist him with his balance . 
 i remember this as if it was yesterday , but it 's a little over seventy years ago now ; am i boring you or do you want me to continue ? '' 
 `` keep going , sounds like we just got started and we 've seventy years to cover yet . '' 
 this was a smart kid , too smart for his own good , `` ok . 
 so i heard the tap of his cane approaching when he entered into my bedroom . 
 he sat on my bed and looked at me , and smiled . 
 to this day i 'm not sure why he came in , but i think it was because of the cold , and my grandmother had asked him to check in on me , to see if i needed more blankets . 
 that night something happened that neither of us expected , once he sat down on the edge of my bed a brilliant red light filled the room with dancing flashes , that rotated around the walls and the roof . 
 a whirring noise coupled with the crimson lights woke me from my deep slumber . 
 i saw my grandfather , and i saw this silver ball that was glowing and rotating , as it floated above my bed . 
 i was scared and confused . 
 it was n't until later that i came to fully appreciate what had happened that night . 
 you see this cane selected me , as it has just selected you . 
 the cane is attracted to a certain type of person . 
 most people are the same ; they 're dull and bland inside . 
 when someone is ` different ' they 're often referred to as weird , '' dan flicked his eyes towards raj , as if the very mention of that word incensed him . 
 `` let 's talk this through , when someone is ` different ' they emit a different kind of energy , and they make different choices . 
 they may wear different clothes or choose a different hairstyle , they may laugh too loud or act too quiet , perhaps their mind works too quickly , or they see the funny side of everything . 
 when the masses tend to zig they seem to ... '' `` zag '' said dan , completing the sentence in a knowing way . 
 `` precisely . 
 they do n't , and never will , fit in , for they never make the popular choice , and they often see things that others ca n't see . 
 many can visualize the future , and in their minds , they live in the future . 
 simple things can consume and fascinate them , yet other complex things come easy to them . 
 these types of people are extremely bright ; they 're articulate , but often choose to spend time alone . 
 my grandfather called them pratibhasali 's , an indian word for a rare type of being . 
 unfortunately today , they 're singled out , called weird and made to feel like freaks , because they do n't readily conform . 
 it 's a shame , when you look at most of our brilliant people throughout our history , none of them would be described as conformists . 
 look at van gogh , mozart , hemingway , mandela , gandhi , wells , etc. . 
 these were all considered wacko 's and freaks , criticized and rejected . '' 
 dan shifted his body to face raj . 
 `` please tell me your going somewhere with this , if this cane is a weirdo meter then i already know i 'm a weirdo , people tell me that every single day of my life . '' 
 the anger had subsided from dan 's voice . 
 `` patience , i am leading you somewhere with this . '' 
 dan seemed to like the answer and settled back into his pillow . 
 `` i 've never liked the labels that society uses to describe these types of people today . 
 they use mean spirited words like different , special , weird , or freak . 
 these are derogatory words when used in this context , used to label a person because they 're non-conformist , because they make different choices - but if you dig deeper , they 're different in so many ways . 
 they 're wired differently , they see the world differently , and they 're unique . 
 their bodies vibrate at a different frequency to others , and they exude a different type of energy . 
 i 'm probably going on a bit too much , yes ? '' 
 `` i 'm following along , keep going . '' 
 ` smart kid , ' thought raj . 
 `` you 're far smarter than i was at your age . 
 the cane only reacts in the way that it did when it meets a very specific person . 
 i like to refer to our kind as unique ; we 're both very unique . 
 we 're so unique that after my grandfather passed away i searched for others like myself . 
 i 've never met anyone uniquely similar in my entire life , until i met you . 
 a few years after the cane selected me , my parents got work assignments in delhi , and we moved away from patna . 
 i was forced to put an end to my adventures with my grandfather ; it was very hard for me to move away . 
 i liked growing up in delhi and settled in quickly , but when i was a teenager we received word of my grandfather 's failing health . 
 the whole family raced back to patna , but we were too late . 
 we attended his funeral ; my grandfather was such a unique , honorable man , and we were very close . 
 when he passed away he left me this ornate cane in his will . 
 the story goes like this , a maharaja had commissioned it many years ago , and somehow it found its way to patna . 
 it was passed down from generation to generation , but no one knows for sure how old it is . 
 once you own the cane , you have to treat it with respect , for i know what this cane is capable of . 
 it can take a lifetime to find someone worthy of keeping this cane , and that 's why i was so shocked when you activated the cane . 
 when i leave this world , the cane has selected you as it 's next owner . '' 
 dan raised his head and glanced at raj , `` my grandfather left me this cane for a good reason , he knew that i 'd managed to activate it , and the cane had chosen me . 
 you see , the cane picks its new owner , and this choice must be respected , but dan , let me tell you clearly , this is no ordinary cane . 
 the person who commissioned this cane selected the finest of materials . 
 they sourced the hardest of mahogany wood , the most talented carvers , and the purest of silver and ... '' he placed a drawn out emphasis on the word , ` and ' . 
 `` he used the finest quality of red rubies known to man . 
 the rubies were mined in mysore , in the south of india , each stone meticulously selected because they would only vibrate at a certain frequency . 
 everything and everybody vibrates , but when the cane comes near an individual with the same exact vibration as the rubies , then the orb starts to glow , and the cane is activated . 
 it 's extremely rare to get an exact match , and you dan , are an exact vibrational match . 
 the maharaja could have chosen any available woman , and he could have had many wives , but he was different , a weirdo for his time . 
 he chose to take one wife , and only one wife . 
 he loved her dearly and she worshipped him till the day he died . 
 one day she miscalculated the steep drop of a stone step , and took a tumble within the palace building . 
 she fell down a steep set of steps that led to an inner courtyard . 
 she broke her leg badly , and they did n't know if she would survive such a horrendous fall . 
 the maharaja was devastated and immediately called for the finest physician in india to reset her bones , and the finest archaka priest to pray for her recovery . 
 after two days the physician reported the joyous news to the maharaja that his wife would survive . 
 the only trace left remaining from the accident would be a long unsightly scar upon her leg , and a severe limp that would worsen over time . '' 
 `` wow , '' said dan , rubbing his eyes . 
 `` the archaka priest had been summoned from as far away as srinagar , for he was a special priest . 
 the priest consulted with the maharaja about the construction of a special walking cane , designed to assist his wife . 
 he patiently explained her deteriorating condition ; setting the expectation that she would not be able to do many of the things she 'd done prior to the accident . 
 the priest wanted to find a way that they could go on exciting adventures together , despite her injuries . 
 the priest devised a plan and explained it in detail to the maharaja . 
 under normal circumstances it would have been impossible to construct a walking cane with such quality , but he was a rich and powerful maharaja . 
 the priest organized the construction of the cane , to be built to exact specifications . 
 the priest hand selected the crimson rubies , and interviewed and selected each craftsman personally ; the wood carver , carpenter , and the silver smith . 
 each part was made separately so the craftsmen never saw the finished cane . 
 they never knew what they were making or the power that the assembled cane would wield . 
 once the cane was complete the priest assembled the parts and conducted an ancient ritual . '' 
 raj stopped his story , triggering dan 's fullest attention ; `` you ok ? '' 
 inquired dan . 
 `` no , my throat 's dry ; could you do me a favor dan , and get me a glass of water from the kitchen , then i 'll be able to continue , there 's a plate of sandwiches for you on the table , bring them in also . '' 
 dan leapt to his feet and did as he was asked . 
 he sat crossed legged on the floor munching away on the peanut butter and strawberry jam sandwiches , while waiting for raj to resume . 
 raj took a long drink from the glass of water , `` where was i ? '' 
 `` the priest was about to conduct an ancient ritual , '' said dan , his mouth full of sandwich . 
 `` ah right , good . '' 
 the kid was paying attention ; in fact he was hanging on every word . 
 `` so the priest asked for the maharaja and his wife to sit within a circle of sage . 
 he entered the circle with the cane in his hand and started to explain to why he 'd gone to such lengths . '' 
 a small knock at the apartment door distracted their attention , as they both looked towards the opening door . 
 liz stepped in hurriedly ; she absorbed the scene before her . 
 raj was still sitting in his chair holding onto his cane ; dan was sat at his feet munching on a plate of sandwiches . 
 a book was lying on the floor between the two of them . 
 `` i just got a quick break in traffic , so i thought i 'd pop up and see how things were going with you two . 
 i 'm sorry if i was disturbing something ? '' 
 dan jumped in first . 
 `` it 's going good mum , raj has tons of books , and he 's loaned me a new book to read . 
 he 's been telling me about the old days in india , and his childhood . 
 it 's pretty fascinating stuff , although it makes you appreciate what we have over here , and how lucky we are today . '' 
 his commentary seemed to hit the mark perfectly ; `` he 's no bother then ? '' 
 raj played along , `` no bother at all , '' he said with a large reassuring smile . 
 liz felt relieved ; the scenarios running through her head had evaporated when she saw the two of them together , recounting the old days , and making a book connection . 
 `` right , well i better get going , in case someone notices i 'm gone . 
 be back around 11pm after my shift , '' and with that , she was gone , as abruptly as she 'd arrived . 
 raj looked at dan , `` the priest was holding the cane and entered a circle of sage to join the maharaja and his wife . 
 he was about to explain something . '' 
 `` yes , thanks . '' 
 raj took another sip of water , it only took a few seconds , but they were excruciatingly long for dan . 
 raj resumed , `` the priest patiently explained that the cane was built to harness the power of their collective energies , and their love for each other . 
 he 'd hand picked the crimson colored rubies that would vibrate at the precise frequency of their resonating bodies . 
 during the day , the maharaja 's wife would be severely crippled by her unfortunate injury , but during the evening , when they entered their private chambers , they 'd be transported together to explore new worlds . 
 they could be happy , vibrant , healthy , and together . 
 the priest completed his blessing ritual by smudging the elaborate cane with a piece of burning sage . 
 the couple was asked to jointly hold the cane . 
 the silver orb became energized , fiery , and glowed violently as it did today . 
 in a palace room with no windows , the orb would shine its crimson light , and together they would both be transported to other worlds . 
 their earthly bodies would simply fall asleep , as they assumed new identities , living through their new , fit and able , bodies . 
 the priest had warned them that their new bodies within these other worlds were mortal . 
 the natural vibrations of their bodies denoted a pure heart , supported by a strong love . 
 it was rare to find a person with this vibrational frequency , when they are found ; the cane is attracted to them , selecting them as its new owner . 
 you could say the cane is programmed to find such a person . 
 if you have this specific vibration , then you will activate the crimson rubies and they will start to vibrate and glow , as they have done countless times before . '' 
 raj lifted the cane slightly , `` it 's called a dream cane . '' 
 he stopped to stare at dan ; dan was listening intently . 
 `` there 's only one of these in the world and it 's very , very , special , just like you . 
 we have to keep this safe and we have to keep it a secret . 
 many people , with bad intentions , would kill , lie , steal , and cheat , to study how this thing works . 
 it only works if there are two people - it was engineered that way , and both have to vibrate on the same frequency , the frequency of a pure heart . '' 
 raj pointed to his heart , and then to dan 's heart , `` yes , we are both weird , special , unique , and pure , '' he said , beaming a broad smile . 
 raj lifted his hand from the cane and gripped it with his legs , `` if we both held this cane , then we 'd be transported to another world , that 's how it works . 
 we ca n't choose our adventure , its assigned ; the cane makes the choice , it seems to know what we need to learn . 
 many realms exist outside of this world , realms that we ca n't see or touch - but that does n't mean they do n't exist . '' 
 dan interrupted , `` like a parallel universe theory . '' 
 `` yes - something similar to that . 
 except these worlds are very different , they have their own rules , and when you 're transported into them , you take on new personas , new bodies , and new capabilities . 
 you 're asked to go on an adventure , but sometimes it 's very dangerous , you understand ? 
 `` i get it , so if you get killed on your adventure - you wake up , like its game-over in a video game ? '' 
 `` no , not exactly my young friend , there are certain rules . 
 if you get killed on your adventure , you never wake up here at home , never . 
 in these other realms your spirit is mortal , which means that you can die . 
 you can accumulate and retain powers gleaned from your completed adventures - but remember you are mortal . '' 
 `` that 's like picking up powers between levels in a video game , but you do n't die for real in a video game ! '' 
 `` exactly ! 
 except this is real , and i ca n't emphasize that enough - you could die ! 
 my grandfather and i went on many missions together , i had to start slow and build up my powers , my experience , and my courage . 
 at first i was too afraid and i did n't want to die . 
 i enjoyed our adventures but eventually my family had to move away . 
 i missed our adventures so much - it broke my heart . 
 i ca n't tell you the fun we had , it changed me as a person , and it made me a better man , more fearless and patient . 
 the worlds we saw together were unbelievable . 
 the trick is to find out as quickly as you can , why you have been selected . 
 and what is it you need to do to complete the adventure . 
 each adventure is unique , as unique as the world you find yourself in . 
 back here in the real world , here on earth , if you are awakened from your sleep , whilst on an adventure , then the adventure is over for the night . 
 you ca n't do more than one adventure per day , and if you do n't finish the mission that you 've been assigned , then you are returned to exactly the same place , the following day . 
 it 's like pausing an adventure movie and hitting the restart button . 
 i also want to remind you that it 's dangerous to discuss our adventures ; no one will understand and they 'll think you 're crazy , weird . '' 
 raj winked at dan . 
 `` there 's one last thing that i need to tell you . 
 if someone , or something , is about to wake you here on earth , crimson butterflies will appear within your adventure , it 's a signal to tell you that whatever you 're doing , wherever you are , it 's about the come to an abrupt end . 
 you 'll be returned to earth and wake from your sleep normally . 
 to the outside person , it looks as if you have just woken from a deep sleep . 
 it always happens at the most inopportune time ! 
 do you understand all of the rules ? '' 
 `` yes , i 've played video games that are more complicated . '' 
 dan smiled . 
 `` i do have a question , what happened to the maharaja and his wife ? '' 
 `` they went on many adventures together and they grew stronger , wiser , and more powerful as leaders . 
 they fought battles together , defeated evil forces , found treasure , and visited many realms . 
 they remained deeply in love until eventually he died from old age . 
 it 's said that she never re-married but she did meet a palace entertainer one day , whom accidentally activated the cane . 
 they remained friends for a few years , until she eventually died from a bad fever . 
 she willed her walking cane to the entertainer , and there 's where the story becomes unclear . 
 i know my grandfather owned the cane , but i do n't know where he got it . 
 he willed it to me , as i will leave it to you . '' 
 dan had polished off the sandwiches , `` cool , so when can we go on our first adventure ? '' 
 `` soon , but not tonight . 
 i have n't gone on a mission since i was a teenager , i 'm just as excited as you are , probably more , but trust me ; we 'll need more time to do this right , it 's not a video game . 
 your mother will return from her shift soon and she would wake us ; we wo n't have enough time to do our mission justice . 
 when you see me tomorrow we can go on our first mission and visit our first realm . 
 dan , please remember , if you mention this to anyone , i 'll be forced to credit this to your fanciful imagination . 
 you ca n't talk of this to anyone , not even your mother . '' 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 she wo n't let me play certain types of video games , never mind let me go on a real life adventure . 
 i 'm not going to mess this chance up ; i just want to make sure what you 're saying is n't some fanciful tale . 
 but i know what i saw , the cane reacted to me , there 's no denying that . '' 
 the rest of the evening was spent discussing raj 's previous missions experienced with his grandfather . 
 the irony was not lost on raj , an older gentleman and a young male . 
 the cane was repeating its pattern , except this time he was the older gentleman . 
 the stories were captivating for dan albeit some of the details were dulled by the passage of time . 
 raj had not been able to freely discuss his adventures with anyone for a very long time . 
 as he talked about his missions , his memories came flooding back , and his excitement grew . 
 the time slipped away and it was n't long before they heard a soft knock at he door , `` come in '' raj said , raising the volume of his voice slightly . 
 liz opened the apartment door and stepped in . 
 `` ready to go kiddo ? 
 mum 's dead tired and my feet are killing me . '' 
 dan was lying on the rug at raj 's feet , his head propped with a cushion acting as his pillow . 
 he leapt to his feet and casually tossed the cushion onto the vacant chair . 
 dan turned to face raj , `` thanks for the stories raj . 
 see you tomorrow ? '' 
 `` you sure will , '' raj turned his head to face liz , `` he was no problem liz , and i enjoyed having him around , having some company . '' 
 liz stopped dan at the door , `` have n't you forgotten something ? '' 
 she nodded in the direction of the floor . 
 dan followed her eyes , `` oh yes , and thank you . '' 
 he scurried to retrieve the book , `` jamaica inn , '' he said , approaching the door for the second time . 
 `` come on then . 
 thanks raj , see you tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i 'll be here liz . '' 
 liz closed the door to apartment ` 2a ' and ushered her son into their apartment across the hall . 
 once the door was closed , she turned to face her son . 
 `` how was it really ? '' 
 dan was n't expecting the question , `` it was great mum , you should n't worry . 
 raj is a cool guy who loves books and reading . 
 he told me of his life and his time in the old country , india . 
 he 's a really neat guy , i like him , honestly . '' 
 there was a momentary pause , as liz tried to judge the sincerity of his words . 
 she quickly realized he was serious , `` good , well get ready for bed then , it 's getting late . '' 
 dan moved slowly towards his room , his head was filled with crimson butterflies , and the details shared with him over the course of the night . 
 he 'd made a new and exciting friend . 
 he was brimming with anticipation , trying to imagine the nature of the adventures to come . 
 liz closed the drapes to their apartment and looked down at the street below . 
 during the night it had rained , and the asphalt shone like a calm lake that mirrored the soft yellow streetlights below . 
 liz absorbed the quiet serenity generously offered by the late hour . 
 it was dark outside with most of the high street shops closed for the night . 
 a faint rumbling of a heavy garbage truck could be heard in the distance , as the stress of the day seemed to ebb away from her tired body . 
 her mind wandered . 
 she thought about her shift , the sad couple that seemed to be breaking up , and the older couple still very much in love . 
 she thought about dan and raj , with raj sitting in his comfy chair resigned to spending his remaining days in that dark apartment . 
 she felt immense relief that the two of them had hit it off and was thankful that bindi and gyanesh seemed to like her . 
 could she now finally allow herself to feel pleased ? 
 a small smile of satisfaction dared to encroach across her face , and she felt herself exhale slowly , as she watched a solitary pigeon pick at the sidewalk below . 
 her smile soon subsided as her mind moved to the next week and the introduction of dan to his new school . 
 ` i hope he fits in , ' she thought , letting the drape close out the night . 
 * * * * * chapter 8 : the dream cane westtown , pennsylvania , u.s.a. , 2014 `` the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams . '' 
 for dan , the day had dragged on laboriously , and he could n't wait for the wall clock to say four o’clock , finally announcing that the time had arrived for him to visit raj . 
 he 'd tried to satisfy his restlessness by diving into his new book , ` jamaica inn , ' but he just could n't seem to concentrate . 
 he would start to read , but his mind would wander to the dream cane , and the stories he 'd heard of the other realms and the exciting prospect of his own adventures . 
 he tried to stay out of his mother 's way , as his impatience was making him irritable , and it would become obvious that something was bothering him . 
 liz , in contrast , had a busy day ; she needed to resolve some important financial matters with the bank , run some errands , and buy a pair of comfortable flat-heeled shoes for her job . 
 her feet were sore and painful after all of the walking she does by the end of a long shift . 
 earlier in the day dan had taken the opportunity to go outside for a long walk and explore , he decided he would checkout his route to school , and then he bunkered down within his room . 
 it was still a blustery wet autumn day ; dan hated this type of weather , as it was n't any good to do much of anything . 
 liz had prepared his lunch earlier , so dan ate alone , as liz completed her important errands . 
 he was bursting with excitement ; should he visit raj earlier than arranged ? 
 raj was tantalizingly close , sitting and waiting , just across the hall . 
 what should he wear for this adventure ? 
 will they find themselves in the jungle - where it 's steaming hot ? 
 what if they landed in a cold place ? 
 would they perhaps find themselves in the middle of winter ? 
 dan scolded himself , `` do n't be silly , we 're not going to just walk into the new realm wearing nike runners , levi red-tag jeans , a philadelphia flyers sweatshirt , and expect to blend right in ! '' 
 he concluded that he was fretting over nothing . 
 raj had n't told him what to wear . 
 perhaps he should try to conceal a large kitchen knife , so that he would be armed . 
 how could he do that without being noticed ? 
 besides , raj would have kitchen knives ! 
 dan let out a long exasperated sigh , `` i 'm definitely over thinking this , '' he mumbled under his breath . 
 he placed his chin upon his cupped palms using them to prop up his heavy head while sitting at the dining table . 
 from his current vantage point he could see the wall clock - 3.35 pm . 
 in another ten minutes he 'd go to his room and change for his visit with raj . 
 it was then that the irony of the situation struck him . 
 two days ago he was dreading his impending initial visit with raj ; today he could n't wait to get over there . 
 the time continued to drag . 
 `` dan , are you ready to go ? '' 
 liz raised the volume of her voice , sprinkled with a tinge of impatience . 
 she could n't be late , so she needed to leave quickly , and it seemed like dan did n't share her sense of urgency . 
 to her surprise , dan opened the door to his room fully dressed , changed , and ready to go . 
 `` let 's go , '' said dan , already moving towards the door with some haste . 
 liz grabbed her keys , purse , and coat , as quickly as she could gather them . 
 she steered dan by his shoulders , directing him through the opened apartment door . 
 she turned to lock the door while dan walked towards apartment ` 2b ' . 
 dan knocked gently , waiting to hear the familiar sound of raj 's accepting voice . 
 he expected a cheery greeting delivered from his comfy chair , but was surprised to see the door start to open . 
 raj was standing at the entrance waiting to greet the young man , `` come in dan , nice to see you again . '' 
 raj moved aside , awkwardly grasping at his cane for balance . 
 dan seized upon the opportunity to move past raj and enter the apartment , `` hey , are n't you going to say goodbye ? '' 
 liz pulled a face . 
 dan halted his momentum abruptly , `` oh , sorry mum ; i 'll be good , you go to work and do n't worry , raj will look after me . '' 
 raj smiled reassuringly at liz , `` he 'll be fine , go , do n't worry . '' 
 liz smiled and reached forward to ruffle dan 's short hair , `` you be good kiddo . '' 
 she used her strict tone , more for show than for real . 
 she turned and hurried down the stairs on her way to work . 
 liz did n't stop to turn around ; she did n't want to be late . 
 raj closed the apartment door and clicked the lock into place , `` how are you young man ? '' 
 `` good , i 've been counting down the hours , this afternoon 's dragged on painfully for me , but i 'm ready for an adventure . '' 
 dan took the chair next to raj as he watched raj 's strained movements to get to his comfy chair . 
 he shifted his weight using his sturdy cane , designed to support his ungainly frame . 
 when raj settled into his chair he turned to dan and forced a smile . 
 `` i hate getting old dan . 
 let 's give your mother some time to settle into her shift , then we 'll begin , besides , it 'll also give me some time to educate you on our imminent adventure . '' 
 dan nodded in appreciation , `` we wo n't know in advance what our mission or our purpose will be ; we do n't have any choice of which realm the dream cane chooses for us , but we 'll always go back to the same realm - until our mission is complete . 
 each realm is totally different ; we 'll meet different people in interesting situations , like picking a random book off the shelf , but the rules are different for each realm , and you have to learn and adapt as you go , do you understand ? '' 
 `` not really , but i 'll learn as i go , i suppose . '' 
 dan shrugged his shoulders , and inched closer to raj who was perching on the edge of the large comfy chair . 
 `` ok . 
 let me tell you a few things , although it 's been a long time since i 've managed to enter a realm , some realms feel like earth , you know , trees and grass , with buildings and people . 
 some realms are set in the future , with advanced technology and societal values ; some are set in the past , with swords , horses , wooden houses and castles . 
 i need to tell you one more shocking thing , and this may really surprise you . 
 when we get to our assigned realm , we probably wo n't look much like we do now . 
 we 'll look very different , and we 'll be dressed differently too . 
 to ensure that we blend in with our new surroundings , the dream cane will assign us roles , where we 'll be appropriate for the realm . 
 you may be older , and there 's a very good chance that i 'll be younger . 
 remember the dream cane was crafted to strip the maharaja 's wife of her crippling injuries . 
 we will be totally different people , with a totally different look when we pass over into another realm . '' 
 `` that 's cool , '' enthused dan , his eyes twinkling at the possibility . 
 `` what 's also cool , is that you will be gifted with certain skills that you do n't possess today , they 'll come with the character that you assume , and when you leave the realm these skills will leave with you , but that 's only half of the fun , you 'll see . '' 
 raj had a glint in his eye , clearly excited about the prospect of leaving his aged body behind , if only for a while . 
 `` sounds good , i ca n't wait , '' gushed dan enthusiastically , barely noticing the changed expression upon raj 's face . 
 raj flinched in pain , a worried look clouded his eyes , as a sharp jolt of pain shot through his ribs , and bounced around the inside of his rib cage like an errant tennis ball . 
 he doubled over , unable to conceal the pain from dan . 
 the sharp jabbing sensation soon dulled and gave way to a crushing sensation . 
 raj felt as if a large anvil was now crushing his chest with some considerable force , and suppressing his ability to breathe . 
 dan finally noticed raj 's obvious distress and was shocked at his pale color , and his strained look of distress . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he inquired , with panic streaking through his voice , `` do you want me to call emergency services ? '' 
 raj waved his hand around feebly , `` no . 
 no . 
 do n't call anyone , this is n't serious , happens all the time . '' 
 raj fell backwards into his comfy recliner , and continued to gasp for air , `` do n't be alarmed , it 's a case of bad heartburn , '' he thumped his chest with his fist , in a gesture meant to convince dan . 
 `` i put way too many spices in my curry for dinner , way too many . '' 
 dan was n't buying it , but raj was insistent , `` get me a glass of water from the kitchen will you ? '' 
 dan scurried off to fulfill the request . 
 when he returned , raj was replacing the lid from a plastic container of small white pills . 
 he tilted his hand and let a pill enter his mouth , as he motioned for the water . 
 dan offered him the glass , and raj seemed to gulp at the water greedily , `` thanks , that should calm me down a bit , thanks . '' 
 `` you sure you 're ok ? '' 
 dan stared at the frail old man before him . 
 raj 's entire demeanor had changed , `` i said it was heartburn did n't i , of course i 'll be okay . '' 
 raj stared at his slippers , unable to meet dan 's skeptical stare . 
 they sat in stunned silence . 
 dan broke the awkward silence ; `` you were talking to me about the different realms , that 's if you 're still feeling up to a mission tonight ? '' 
 raj flashed him a look ; he delivered a determined stare , so serious that dan had not seen raj act like this before . 
 `` it 's ok , we 're going on a mission tonight . '' 
 raj 's lower eyelid twitched with the stress , `` ok , this is how it 's going to happen , i 'm going to grasp the dream cane firmly with both hands , around the top here . 
 i 'll hold onto the carved butterflies , but i want you to slide forward onto the floor , and sit here in front of me . '' 
 raj nodded his head in the direction of the empty space in front of his shins . 
 dan moved quickly , positioning his body as instructed , `` now listen to me very carefully , in a moment i will ask you to hold onto the dream cane with both hands . 
 our energies will combine and the cane will start to react . 
 the ruby ball will shoot up and start to shine the crimson light into the apartment , it will cause your head to spin a bit ; you may feel dizzy , but do n't let go of the dream cane . 
 this is really important , whatever you see , whatever you 're feeling , do n't ' let go of the cane ; you must grip it hard with both hands . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 dan nodded , feeling his throat dry and the ability to form words drifting away from him . 
 `` good , well off we go then . 
 let me hold the cane first , then i 'll look at you , and you must hold it and do n't let go . '' 
 dan responded again with an excited nod . 
 `` and we do n't know where we 're going ? '' 
 asked dan , feeling suddenly nervous for the first time . 
 `` there are nine realms , earth is the fifth realm . 
 we could enter any realm , including earth , but it could also be in the past , present day or the future , for any realm . 
 we do n't know ahead of time , that 's part of the fun dan , we just do n't know . 
 our goal is to act cool and find out why we 've been summoned to the realm . 
 we 'll need to figure out what our mission is and why we were sent there , understand ? '' 
 dan nodded . 
 `` remember though , when we see crimson butterflies , and we will , it 's time to come home . 
 `` ok boy , last chance , when i look at you , grip the cane with both hands and do n't let go for anything . '' 
 raj stared at his aged , trembling hands and placed them upon the cane at the top of the shaft . 
 raj looked at dan and nodded his head ; dan lunged forward and grabbed the cane as instructed , the orb started to make a sound and began to rise . 
 it glowed , shooting crimson light from its core as the cane started to shake violently . 
 a sharp electrical charge surged through dan 's hands , and his first instinct was to recoil letting go , but he fought this feeling and gripped the cane tightly . 
 the cane 's orb was glowing crimson hot , illuminating the room , and shaking the floor of the apartment . 
 dan glanced at raj who seemed to be in a trance like state . 
 dan had the weirdest sensation , like his entire body was folding in on itself and being sucked into a vacuum . 
 * * * * * the fourth realm - vianna chapter 9 : barnes & colder . 
 the village of autumn , the mine district . 
 `` it is because we are all imposters that we endure each other . '' 
 the strange sensation was over in an instant , but the next thing dan could see , as he squinted to focus his vision , was the sight of a strange man leaning over him , gently tapping his cheeks with the back of his hand , to revive him from his slumber ; was it a dream ? 
 it felt like a dream . 
 `` wake up , you have to wake up now , '' raj sounded worried , and it shocked him to hear the panic within his own voice . 
 a wave of relief swept over him as he saw dan rub his tired eyes , but something did n't feel right , `` raj ? '' 
 dan shook his head , and blinked his eyes quickly , trying to reconcile the sight before him . 
 `` it 's me dan , i told you that our bodies would change when we entered a new realm ; i like my new look , you should take a look at yourself ! '' 
 raj looked completely different , he sported a full beard , his face was taut and tanned , with high cheekbones , a strong jaw line , and piercing green eyes ; his body was larger , younger , and stronger . 
 shocked at the transformation , dan glanced at himself in amazement at his own body . 
 he started to smile before staring at raj , `` wow , i 'm big , '' he said in a deep voice , slapping his chest with his powerful thick arms . 
 dan was well over six feet tall , and dressed from head to toe in black leather , with a large thick belt tied around his narrow waist . 
 he saw leather straps across his chest forming an elaborate harness to hold knives and other weapons , but he marveled at how his new muscular frame felt so strong and powerful . 
 he stared at himself , amazed at the sheer size of his hands and feet , with his forearms bulging with visible veins , and wrapped in leather . 
 dan 's hair was long , thick , and unruly , but his vision was sharp , focused , and clear . 
 raj was standing beside him examining the large black canvas bags that lay within the open trunk of a large beige colored car parked nearby . 
 `` what 's in the bags ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 `` things we 'll need , '' raj enthusiastically unzipped the largest of the bags and glanced inside , `` we 've got weapons . 
 take note dan , we should always be aware of the clues that we 're given , this will help us acclimatize and adapt faster ; do you understand me ? 
 see , take a look at this , i have car keys in my hand , now where the heck did they come from ? 
 look at this car , and tell me what you see , '' he said pointing at the beige colored car . 
 dan rose to his feet and studied the car as requested , `` on the door here , in white lettering , ` barnes & colder ' . 
 that 's who we are , i guess ? '' 
 `` or who we work for . 
 check out the glove box , and see if you can find anything useful . '' 
 raj continued his inspection of the contents within the trunk . 
 dan opened the passenger door taking a deep breath , the air outside felt clean and pure . 
 he glanced around taking note of his surroundings ; it felt like earth to him , under a grey and blue sky with clouds , wind , trees , roads , and buildings . 
 he bent into the car 's passenger space and emerged in an excited state . 
 `` whoa , look what i found ! '' 
 raj shouted at him , `` stop right there , and do n't move an inch , '' he said waving his hand in a downward motion to get his immediate attention . 
 `` put the gun down on the floor gently , and point it away from us both . '' 
 dan stooped slowly , following his instructions ; he gently placed the gun on the wet gravel as raj exhaled loudly . 
 dan cautiously backed away from the gun , like it was a hissing cobra about to strike . 
 he stopped and looked at raj . 
 raj moved closer , `` this is not a game , and you 've got a lot to learn . 
 is the safety on ? 
 is that gun loaded ? '' 
 raj shook his head in disbelief , `` you ca n't be waving a gun around like that , and pointing it in my direction is just asking for trouble ; understand ? '' 
 dan nodded , `` yes , i 'm sorry . '' 
 his excitement was short lived as he tried to redeem himself , `` i found this as well . '' 
 dan extended his arm to present a small ivory colored business card inscribed with silver embossed writing that read , ` barnes & colder , specialist hunters , laran city . ' 
 raj examined the card carefully , `` good work - at least we know what we 're doing now and apparently we 're supposed to be hunting something . '' 
 raj looked around at the immediate vicinity and gesturing with his chin he said , `` let 's get into that hotel , and maybe we can learn what we 're hunting and possibly for who . '' 
 grab one of these , they 're bleeding heavy , '' raj said motioning to one of the large bags . 
 raj retrieved the handgun , checking its safety before slamming the passenger door closed . 
 dan walked to the rear of the car and lifted two of the large heavy bags from the trunk with relative ease ; he marveled at his newly acquired strength . 
 raj moved closer to dan placing a hand upon his shoulder . 
 their eyes met and raj took charge , `` the dream cane 's placed us in front of this hotel , so we need to go inside and find out what our mission is . '' 
 raj slammed the trunk closed and walked towards the hotel entrance leaving dan to follow carrying the heavy bags . 
 the hotel was a building made from a sandy colored stone stained with black streaks from years of pollution , weather , and wear . 
 the front doorway was accentuated by a large stone arch , which protruded from the building making a shelter for the gold colored revolving door . 
 raj led the way as they both entered the hotel stepping into the reception area . 
 the grey and white speckled floor of smooth marble was spotless and shone brilliantly . 
 fresh cut lilies were displayed in a large clear vase supported by an ornately carved dark wooden table placed in the center of a large receiving area . 
 the check in desk looked to be located beyond the flowers as raj reached back to feel the familiar bulge of a wallet nestled deep within his back pocket . 
 he was relieved to feel the wallet 's shape . 
 walking confidently to the reception desk he saw an attractive young blonde lady attending to the counter ; she was smartly dressed in a burgundy colored jacket with gold piping around the collar and cuffs , and she greeted them both with a welcoming , wholesome smile , `` welcome to the grafton hotel , how can i help you ? '' 
 raj pushed the business card across the polished wood counter with an assured confidence . 
 the young lady seemed flustered , embarrassed , and unsure of her next move ; she retrieved the card , and inspected the text from a closer proximity . 
 `` mr. colder , please excuse me , i should have recognized you instantly ; let me get the hotel owner right away , please excuse me , i 'll be right back , '' she turned and disappeared into a door leading to a back room . 
 raj took note of her excitement , it was as if she 'd just met a celebrity , but it did n't escape his attention that she 'd addressed him as ` mr. colder . ' 
 raj glanced over his shoulder . 
 dan was standing nervously behind him with two large bags at his feet ; raj surveyed the deserted reception area , `` you 're mr. barnes , got it ? '' 
 he whispered to his partner . 
 dan glanced sideways to make sure no one had heard before nodding his head and accepting his new name . 
 a thin wily looking man with round-rimmed glasses wearing a cheap rumpled grey suit rushed through the door leading him to the reception desk ; he was followed by the attractive blonde who 's stare never faltered , once it had come to rest upon dan 's impressive frame . 
 `` gentlemen , sorry to keep you waiting , two of our finest rooms have been prepared , as we were expecting you . '' 
 raj smiled politely . 
 `` i 'm dave melanger , owner of the grafton hotel , and may i say , we 're very pleased to have you here . '' 
 mr. melanger would sneak fleeting glances at them both as he hurriedly prepared the room keys and the paperwork . 
 the attractive blonde continued to stand motionless , staring at dan with her mouth open . 
 `` violet , '' barked mr. melengar , `` go get the bell hop to help these gentlemen with their luggage . '' 
 `` no need , '' said raj calmly but firmly , `` we 'll carry our own equipment , if it 's all the same to you . '' 
 `` of course , as you wish . '' 
 mr. melengar carefully placed two plastic card keys upon the counter as raj reached for his wallet . 
 `` the rooms are being paid for by the village , and of course any expenses that you incur while at the hotel . 
 you 're both on the sixth floor and in adjoining rooms , 601 and 602 . 
 after you 've settled in , your presence is requested in the lounge over here , '' he pointed with his hand , `` where mr. tom jantz and sheriff jones will brief you on your assignment . '' 
 raj nodded knowingly ; he slid the room access cards from the counter top and followed the direction of mr. melanger 's outstretched hand towards the elevators . 
 they made their way to their rooms agreeing to meet back at the elevators within five minutes . 
 the rooms were exceptionally clean , basic , and a bit dated . 
 raj was focused on finding out the details of their assignment . 
 dan was instructed to leave the bags in raj 's room . 
 after dan had explored the contents and layout of his room , he headed to the elevators ; raj was already waiting and was pacing nervously , `` listen to me , we have to play this cool . 
 i want you to be the strong and silent type . '' 
 `` so you want me to shut up and say nothing , leave all the talking to you , '' dan said , in an annoyed tone . 
 `` just let me ask the questions , i want to find out who these people are , and why they need us here in this realm . 
 i need to understand what we 've been summoned here to do , get it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said , sarcastically . 
 `` do n't throw a snit dan , wisdom never gets old . 
 i have a bit more experience doing this than you , and we do n't want to blow our cover on the first day do we ? '' 
 `` ok , let 's just find out why we 're here . '' 
 `` ok good , we have to be a team , and remember to refer to me as colder , only colder . '' 
 dan nodded as he pushed the down button to summon the elevator . 
 it arrived within seconds , announcing its presence with a joyous ringing noise . 
 they stood together in silence as the elevator moved from floor to floor , before it reached the lobby and opened its doors . 
 the sight of a large man greeted them ; he was dressed in a long black leather coat . 
 he stood six feet , six inches tall , possessing a stocky build and a thick neck . 
 he stared into the elevator and moved to one side to let the men vacate . 
 as they walked past him raj caught his interested stare . 
 it was different from the celebrity stare received earlier ; this was very different . 
 this man examined every detail , every nuance ; it was a knowing stare , a dangerous look that raj was uncomfortable with . 
 finally the stranger entered the elevator , allowing them to walk towards the lounge and escape his scrutiny . 
 barnes & colder walked towards the lounge pausing just before the glass entrance . 
 they exchanged glances of solidarity with raj leading the way . 
 a man dressed in jeans and a black t-shirt pushed his thick arm abruptly across the lounge 's entrance hitting raj 's chest and stopping him in mid stride . 
 dan had seen this from the rear and had acted with lightening speed leaping to his friend 's assistance . 
 dan grabbed the stocky man 's arm and bent it painfully behind his back while pinning his face firmly against the wall ; he loved his new found strength and power . 
 `` easy barnes , you do n't know your own strength , '' purred raj in a soothing , but reprimanding tone . 
 the commotion attracted the attention of another man dressed similarly in jeans and a black t-shirt , `` my apologies gentlemen , my man here just wanted to assure our privacy , and did n't recognize the both of you , perhaps you can let him go ? '' 
 dan glanced at raj who nodded his approval . 
 dan shoved the man to one side with ease releasing his grip on his arm . 
 `` thank you . 
 perhaps you 'd like to join us for a briefing , mr. colder and mr. barnes - i presume ? '' 
 raj looked at the confident looking man , who was motioning them to sit in an arrangement of four chairs , situated near a gas fire where one of the chairs was occupied by a portly looking man in a sheriff 's uniform . 
 raj answered his question , `` i 'm colder and this is barnes , '' he announced with the sweep of his hand in dan 's direction . 
 `` and you are ? '' 
 `` tom jantz , head of mine security for the asquith mine here in autumn . 
 this is sheriff jones , the sheriff for the village of autumn . '' 
 the sheriff stumbled to his feet spilling a little whiskey from the top of his glass . 
 he nodded before slumping back into the comfy , warm chair , supporting his drinking habit . 
 tom shook his head in embarrassment and invited his guests to the open chairs . 
 they sat soaking up the fire 's warmth . 
 dan was starting to panic ; he wondered what was going to happen next . 
 how could they find out more information ? 
 raj clasped his hands together to support his chin while leaning forward , `` mr. jantz , sheriff , why do n't you start at the beginning , and tell us again why we 're here , and what you want us to do . '' 
 ` wow , very clever , and very direct , ' thought dan , smiling and learning . 
 over the next two hours , the sheriff drank , and tom explained the circumstances leading to the village of autumn 's request to hire barnes & colder . 
 the sheriff was drunk , and continued to slur his words , much to the annoyance of tom jantz . 
 tom was articulate and well informed , he explained the terms of the assignment , and the payment due upon completion . 
 he described the earlier tragedy that befell autumn , and the local 's anguish that ` autumn 's ravage ' had started again . 
 tom was convinced that a beast roamed the woods , which needed to be tracked , hunted , and killed . 
 he was certain that this was not the work of a deranged degenerate transient . 
 he described the recent killings , and the wounds inflicted upon the victims ; he was brutally honest , explaining whatever did this , was unlike any animal he 'd ever seen . 
 experts estimated that it was big , very big , and considerably larger than the largest bear . 
 raj and dan exchanged nervous glances while trying to look confident . 
 the conversation started to wane as the mission became clear . 
 an uneasy feeling of responsibility settled upon the shoulders of raj and dan . 
 they knew they 'd arrived with a big reputation , celebrity status , and the weight of expectation was heavy . 
 raj broke the silence , `` my partner and i will consider your offer , and decide how best to rid you of this beast . 
 we will rest tonight and likely talk to the residents tomorrow , to get some additional information . 
 this will help us formulate our approach , from experience we know that meticulous planning is the key to these types of assignments , '' he said confidently . 
 tom weighed the statement carefully , `` your partner does n't say much does he ? '' 
 he said , directing his gaze accusingly towards dan . 
 `` no , he 's more of a man of action , '' said raj , killing any uncertainty as dan struggled to formulate a response . 
 raj rose to signal the end of the meeting , quickly followed by dan , and then tom . 
 sheriff jones remained slumped in his chair , comfortable within his alcohol-induced glow . 
 `` we 'll contact you tomorrow , '' said raj confidently . 
 handshakes were exchanged as dan followed raj 's lead and headed towards the elevator . 
 sitting in the lobby of the hotel was a small-disheveled man , dressed in native indian attire and perched upon an antique chair reading a book . 
 he 'd watched the visitors arrive and casually observed their meeting . 
 the man seemed agitated , wanting to make an approach , but not wanting to be seen talking to the visitors from outside of the village . 
 raj noticed the man and immediately recognized the signals . 
 he wanted to tell them something , perhaps warn them . 
 as they left their guests they passed the man reading his book . 
 raj saw his curious gaze as he flicked his eyes above the edge of his book . 
 raj diverted his eyes and moved towards the elevator , the native indian man watched his every step . 
 `` come to room 601 , '' raj said , in a mumbled voice as he passed the indian . 
 raj ushered dan into the elevator ; once inside dan sounded nervous , `` are we up for this ? 
 i mean it sounds pretty dangerous ; hunting a massive beast ! '' 
 `` relax . 
 remember we 're trained for this , we have instincts and skills that you 're not even aware of yet , did you see the way you pinned that guy to the wall ? 
 we hunt for a living ; this is what we do . 
 am i hearing that you 're chickening out ? 
 we 'll face many dangers together but the dream cane selected us for a reason , we can do this , we can help these people . 
 raj flashed a calming look towards dan as the elevator chimed to inform its passengers that it 's journey had completed ; dan nodded reluctantly . 
 as they stepped out of the confines of the small elevator , raj nervously checked the hallway in both directions . 
 `` come with me to room 601 , i suspect we 're going to have a visitor . '' 
 raj grabbed dan by the elbow and steered him skillfully . 
 it was n't long before they were both inside the room , `` who are we expecting ? '' 
 raj fumbled for a bottle of water . 
 `` an native indian , he looked like he needed to tell us something . '' 
 as if it was rehearsed , a soft knock on the door interrupted their conversation ; raj swallowed a gulp of water and pushed his finger to his lips signaling his desire for silence . 
 he moved to the door and looked through the peephole . 
 the indian man from the lobby was standing outside waiting nervously to enter . 
 raj opened the door and the man quickly stepped inside . 
 closing the door , raj assessed the man standing before him . 
 he was a short man of about five-foot-five inches tall with long grey hair pulled back into a braided ponytail that ran down his back . 
 he wore black leather shoes that matched his belt sporting a large silver buckle . 
 he wore faded blue jeans and a black t-shirt under a brown beaded vest decorated with tassels . 
 around his neck he wore an assortment of necklaces but they were tucked into his t-shirt at the front . 
 he had striking pale blue eyes but they looked worried and full of concern . 
 raj eased the apparent awkwardness , `` looks like you needed to tell us something , please sit ; we 're listening . '' 
 the elderly man selected an empty chair and rubbed his face , not knowing where to start , `` my name is great bear , i 'm the indian chief around these parts . 
 i 've lived in the village of autumn my entire life , and my forefathers lived , hunted , and worked this land , longer than people can remember . 
 i was here and have lived through autumn 's ravage , and i fear that people think the cycle has started again , but i need to educate you both . '' 
 the chief clasped his weathered hands together , and stared at the floor , not knowing where to begin . 
 he questioned his actions , was he doing the right thing ? 
 `` have a seat , this may take a while , and i would prefer if you were both sitting for this . '' 
 he lifted his eyes to see if there was resistance to his request . 
 both men complied immediately , turning their chairs to face the chief . 
 `` my tribe has lived here for generations , and we know the old ways , the spiritual ways . 
 our beliefs are based upon hundreds of years of observations , stories , folklore , and legends . 
 they sound a little far fetched today - now that everything in our world is explained by science and mathematics . 
 when i tell you about our beliefs , i 'd like you to keep an open mind , after all , you two are not from around these parts are you ? '' 
 raj decided to deflect quickly , `` go on . '' 
 `` everything in our world vibrates in harmony , the trees , animals , people , even the rocks . 
 everything vibrates , resonates , and exists together ; my tribe believes that this vibration - this energy , life force , and this spiritual connection , connects us all . 
 this vibration is subtle , but if you 're trained with a keen eye you can actually see the energy emitted from objects in the form of an aura , a color . 
 my father was a wise old indian chief , and he taught me how to see auras . 
 you can imagine my confusion when i saw you both , without an aura . 
 it 's almost as if you 're not really alive or perhaps you 're from another world ? '' 
 dan shuffled nervously in his seat . 
 the indian raised his pale eyes and stared at raj , `` i know you 're not from this realm , and i know that you 're not barnes & colder . 
 you 're not the first travellers that i 've seen , and i know you 've been sent here to help us . '' 
 dan shot a look towards raj who seemed to be playing it cool . 
 `` in the midst of autumn 's ravage , helpers came to autumn , that was many years ago . 
 afterwards the visitors returned to their realm , and we were eternally grateful . 
 it 's the indigenous people , the matahee tribe , which understands the realms , the chosen helpers , and the constant battle between light and darkness . 
 i want to help you , but you have to be honest with me , i 'd like you to come clean with me and save us all some time . '' 
 raj leaned forward in his chair and clasped his hands between his opened knees . 
 `` that 's a pretty interesting theory , and i 'm sure your tribe has some very entertaining stories , passed down from generation to generation , but we 're here to do a job . 
 barnes & colder , '' he said pointing at himself and his partner , `` we 're hunters , hired to kill a large animal . 
 it 's as simple as that . '' 
 the chief smiled , `` i expected that , and i respect you for keeping the knowledge sacred . 
 i 'm no mental case ; i 'm your only help around here that 's local . 
 so you men are barnes & colder , the famous hunters from laran city , is that what you 're telling me ? '' 
 both men nodded in unison . 
 `` it 's been a while since i was in laran city , but i remember the town hall square . 
 white folks have to go there to get their hunting licenses ; i do n't need one because i 'm a native . 
 i remember sitting in that square and looking at the old famous bell tower , it 's been there for hundreds of years and it 's on the city 's coat of arms . 
 it 's a beautiful tower and a proud symbol of laran city , but it does have an unusual clock face does n't it ? 
 perhaps you can tell me why it 's so unusual , i mean , everyone from laran city knows . '' 
 dan had a belly full of butterflies , and raj knew their cover was blown . 
 raj cleared his throat , `` perhaps you can tell us , as we 're not from around these parts . '' 
 `` it only has the number six on the dial , which represents the six boroughs that comprise of laran city , the rest of the clock positions have a simple dot with the bottom of the dial proudly showing the number six . 
 now that we 've cleared that up , which realm are you from ? '' 
 raj exchanged glances with dan . 
 dan did n't ask permission , but keeping the façade going was just plain silly , he took the leap of faith , `` the fifth realm , and we 're here to help . '' 
 the indian chief nodded his appreciation , `` i was n't exactly honest with you both either . 
 i implied that you have no aura , well that 's not exactly true . 
 you both have brilliant white aura 's ; true and pure . 
 i knew you were n't from this realm , but i also knew you were sent from the light . '' 
 raj took a swig from his water bottle , `` how do we know we can trust you ? '' 
 `` you do n't , but i did n't come here to tell you what you already know , i came here to tell you what you 're up against , and that 's where it starts to get interesting . '' 
 the chief 's hands were old and leathery ; he wore a silver ring , set with a brilliant bright blue stone . 
 he fiddled nervously with his ring , rotating it around his finger in a deliberate fashion . 
 `` the men you 've just met with are well meaning men , but they 're caught up in their own egos ; they 're fools and simpletons when it comes to the way of the world . 
 it 's a tragic fact that modern , so-called sophisticated men , have lost their connection to the spirit world . 
 they do n't understand the connectedness of everything . 
 in our indian culture we refuse to lose the old ways , the collective knowledge , and our connection to all around us , even though we often appear as weird and unprogressive . '' 
 the chief shifted his nervous energy from his ring to his vest tassels . 
 `` the well meaning men downstairs told you of a beast , a large animal , perhaps a bear ? 
 the real truth is , they do n't know what they 're dealing with , because they 're oblivious to the world around them . 
 it is a beast , of sorts , but nothing like you 've seen before , and more importantly , it 's not from this world . '' 
 the chief paused to make his point clear and to let his message sink in , `` my nephew told me that he 'd seen a white wolf . 
 that 's very important within our culture , for the white wolf is a spirit wolf , a very rare and sacred animal . 
 the ignorant scientists will talk about genetic flaws , as a way to explain the white creatures of the forest , but we indians know better . 
 an albino animal is a genetic rarity of nature , rendering the poor animal pure white . 
 this condition dulls the senses and turns the animals eyes red . '' 
 the chief shook his head sympathizing with the animals suffering from this condition . 
 `` in the brutal wild of the forest , these animals are severely dis-advantaged , they try to blend in but quickly become prey . 
 i 'm not here to talk about albino animals . 
 i 'm talking about what we indian 's call spirit animals , guardians and keepers of harmony within the forest . 
 these animals have extra keen senses , clear sharp vision , and an overly developed set of survival tools . 
 they 're white , stripped of their normal camouflage , but you 'll never see them . 
 so many people doubt their existence , but they only appear when they have a message to deliver . 
 my people believe in the white spirit animals , they herald the re-uniting of humanity , and the re-awakening of oneness . 
 they signal a harmony of mind , body , and spirit , all living in peace , and at one with the environment . '' 
 the chief raised his eyes to gauge the level of interest and comprehension . 
 both men hung on every word , waiting to hear more about the beast they were to face . 
 `` the spirit animals keep harmony within the forest , they represent everything that 's good and pure . 
 my ancestors knew of the other realms , other worlds . 
 some were dark realms , where evil is a strong force and a darker religion grips these worlds . 
 dark forces have greedy designs on the other realms , they aim to conquer and invade our thoughts and actions with violence , hatred , ignorance , and negativity . 
 we are aware of the epic struggle between good and evil , dark and light . 
 the spirit animals stand guard ; they connect with enlightened humans as best they can . 
 they will only present themselves to a pure soul . 
 the most elusive animal of all is the white wolf , the spirit wolf . 
 in my culture the white wolf is one of three directional guardians and is akin to mankind . '' 
 the chief paused to underline the importance of his next point , `` the spirit wolf has presented himself to our people to signal a time of great danger , and make us aware that an imbalance in the energy of the forest has occurred . 
 we have a prophecy that foretells of this event . 
 our prophecy tells us of the arrival of a beast , and a period of great destruction , unless we act quickly . 
 the spirit wolf appeared on a man-made road , far away from the safety and refuge of the forest . 
 he wanted to be seen ; he 's telling us that the dark one has arrived . 
 the energy within the forest has changed and the animals are running scared . 
 soon we will see white bear , deer , fox , eagle and many unusual sights . '' 
 `` can the white wolf kill this beast ? '' 
 inquired dan . 
 `` no . 
 it 's already strong , feeding from the negative energy and fear that it evokes . 
 it kills to feed but it does n't eat the meat . 
 our prophecy tells of a dark world ruled by evil and fear . 
 when the stars align , for that brief moment , a portal opens between our realms . 
 over time , a few , have figured out a way to travel between realms , like yourself . '' 
 the chief flicked his eyes upwards to meet the startled gaze of the men . 
 `` the dark realm has dispatched a fearsome creature , not made of flesh and blood , but dark evil energy . 
 it feeds on fear , suspicion , and anger ; it grows in power . 
 it has one relentless goal , to find a sacred location hidden deep within the forest with deep spiritual energy and connectedness . 
 it will use this location to open a permanent bridge between our two realms . 
 if established , this realm will be lost to the darkness forever . 
 autumn 's ravage was a false alarm , a twisted , sick , drifter , with a penchant for harming young women . 
 this is different , but we ca n't go to the authorities . 
 they would lock us up and accuse us of spreading unnecessary fear induced by smoking the peace pipe too much . 
 our prophecy foretold of these deaths , the arrival of three strangers from two different realms , and a dangerous beast from the dark realm . 
 the third stranger has arrived , and is staying here at your hotel . 
 he 's trying desperately to blend in , just like you two , but he still looks a little lost . 
 the good news is that he 's on your side , with a similar aura , and mission , so you three should talk and join forces . 
 oh and one last thing , the prophecy is clear , the beast will be killed by someone who 's spent most of his life battling demons ! 
 from the look on your fresh faces , i suspect it 's the villages ' mysterious stranger , he looks as tough as nails . '' 
 the chief smiled mischievously . 
 raj was slightly annoyed at the chief , but could n't poke holes in his deductive reasoning . 
 `` that 's quite a story , anything else you want to tell us ? '' 
 `` no , i think that 's it for now . '' 
 `` for now ? '' 
 `` no that 's it , '' said the chief looking nervous . 
 raj stood , `` remember chief , we 're here to help , we could simply leave you to the beast and the darkness . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to sound dis-respectful . 
 i 'm grateful that you 're both here , and i wanted to inform you that i 'm available to help in any way . 
 i also wanted to inform you of the stranger . 
 we face an evil that no one really understands . '' 
 raj glanced at dan ; he seemed tired , anxious and scared . 
 `` it 's been a long day . 
 i think we 'll reconvene in the morning , and we 're looking forward to meeting this stranger . 
 i 'd like to know what he 's found out so far . '' 
 `` of course , i 'll see you tomorrow . 
 i usually hang out at the coffee shop down the street . '' 
 the chief turned and left the room quickly hoping he would n't be seen by anyone else . 
 dan glanced at raj , `` the native indians are more connected to the spirit world , they 're more open to receiving messages , signs , and guidance , from their dead ancestors . 
 we have to take him seriously . '' 
 `` for a kid , you 're pretty smart . 
 sometimes a prophecy can turn out to be a statement of intent . '' 
 raj stopped abruptly , dan had noticed the sudden movement of gossamer wings , as a small crimson colored butterfly fluttered between them . 
 `` it 's time to go , stay close to me . '' 
 dan saw another crimson butterfly , as it drifted effortlessly by . 
 the butterfly fluttered out of sight followed by a blinding white light that flooded the hotel room causing them both to shield their eyes . 
 raj held onto dan 's arm tightly and together they were transported back to the fifth realm and the relative comfort of raj 's apartment . 
 * * * * * the fifth realm - earth chapter 10 : the library westtown , pennsylvania , u.s.a. , 2014 `` nothing sickens me more than the closed door of a library . '' 
 the knocking sound at the apartment door seemed to grow more impatient . 
 raj hustled his ageing body , as quickly as he could , to greet the impatient visitor . 
 he unlatched the door and opened it suddenly , liz instinctively moved backwards from the abrupt movement , `` i 'm so sorry , we must have dozed off - the pair of us , '' said raj , rubbing his eyes in a tired fashion . 
 liz regained her composure , and she smiled sympathetically , `` is he ready to go , it 's getting late ? '' 
 `` sure , come on in , '' raj moved aside and beckoned liz into his apartment . 
 liz scanned the room quickly ; she could see dan slumped within a large comfy chair . 
 she approached the lifeless boy and studied his face as he mumbled and twitched his head . 
 `` butterflies , crimson butterflies , '' she could hear him say . 
 he opened his eyes and sat bolt upright as if startled , `` mum , what are you doing here ? '' 
 dan widened his gaze and quickly located raj standing behind her with his finger pressed to his lips . 
 liz smiled and dragged a strand of hair from his eyes , `` you were dreaming , i 've finished my shift , it 's late and time to go home . '' 
 dan shook his head as if to clear imaginary butterflies and smiled at his mother , `` yeah , enough excitement for one night , '' he said yawning . 
 she turned , `` thanks again for everything raj . '' 
 `` oh , no problem , really . '' 
 liz sounded serious , `` no , i mean it . 
 thank you . '' 
 dan rose to his feet quickly with his mother ushering him out of the door , he turned to face raj , `` see you tomorrow night ? '' 
 `` sure , come by at six-thirty and we can continue our conversations , if we can stay awake ! '' 
 he said , finishing with a small laugh to lighten the moment . 
 the door closed as liz reached for her keys , `` so you boys seem to getting on well then ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 he 's a nice man , with a lot of life experience ; i can learn a lot from him you know . '' 
 the lock turned and the door was pushed open , `` i agree , it 's good for you to get some man to man conversation , just remember his advice might be a bit , '' she paused , searching for the right word , `` dated . '' 
 `` wisdom never dates mum . '' 
 liz smiled ; perhaps this arrangement would be good for him after all . 
 she was dog tired and not in the mood for a long drawn out discussion ; she needed to turn in and rest her exhausted body . 
 fortunately dan was equally tired and without any discussion they both headed to their rooms and prepared for bed . 
 later , dan tapped gently on the closed door to his mother 's room . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` good night mum , just wanted to tell you that i love you . '' 
 liz pulled the sheets until they were tucked tightly below her chin ; she allowed herself a small smile , `` love you too kiddo , '' she said , just loud enough to be heard . 
 to his surprise he 'd slept heavily . 
 he was awakened by the screeching sound of a teakettle coming from the kitchen as his mother prepared breakfast . 
 the golden sunlight was starting to encroach into his room , as he stretched his arms to the sky and readjusted to his small-framed body . 
 he dressed quickly and bounded into the kitchen to greet his mother and the new day . 
 he felt strangely carefree and light ; perhaps the weight of the hunt for the beast had temporarily lifted from his shoulders . 
 he felt safe and normal , embraced by familiar surroundings and his mother 's company , `` good morning ! '' 
 liz turned her head slowly while she poured the steaming earl grey tea into her cup loaded with double milk and one sweetener . 
 `` well good morning , how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` hungry , '' he said fixing his cereal . 
 liz joined him at the breakfast table , `` enjoy your time off ` cos next monday you start your new school . '' 
 he shoveled the cereal into his mouth but paused to weigh the gravity of her statement , `` yeah , i know . '' 
 `` well do n't sound too excited about it . '' 
 dan made a face to show his reluctance of starting all over again at a new school , an introduction he was not looking forward to . 
 `` i want it to work this time mum , but i always seem to get picked on . '' 
 liz 's forehead crinkled with worry lines , `` i know , i want it to work as well . 
 we both seem to like it here . 
 be strong and confident , you need to put out a different vibe . 
 talk to raj about it , he might be able to make some suggestions . 
 kids sense fear , they 're like sharks , '' she created a dorsal fin with her hand and cut through imaginary water with a wiggling movement . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll be fine this time , i would feel awful if you were picked on again like the last school . 
 you 've been battling these demons all of your life . '' 
 liz continued but dan had tuned her out , his thoughts raced ahead and he 'd lost her . 
 the prophecy stated that the person who would kill the beast was a person who had battled demons all of their life . 
 everyone had assumed it was the tough looking stranger ; the chief had drawn this conclusion already . 
 perhaps he was wrong . 
 perhaps he was the one that would need to kill the beast . 
 he 'd been battling demons all of his life , just a different type of demon . 
 `` are you listening ? '' 
 liz tapped her fingers in annoyance . 
 dan stiffened visibly realizing he 'd been caught , `` sorry , what ? '' 
 `` are you full ? 
 do you want some more ? '' 
 `` oh , no . 
 i 'm good , thanks mum . '' 
 the day dragged on slowly . 
 several times within the hour dan had checked his watch hoping the day would simply melt away . 
 he could n't wait until the evening when he could resume his adventure with raj . 
 dan had visited the library and decided to study the legends and meanings behind the white spiritual animals . 
 he read about the sioux nation and their tribal legends . 
 he 'd discovered the term leucism and read about the case of the white buffalo calf woman . 
 he learned of the native indian ways , but one fact surprised him the most , this phenomenon was not limited to the native indians of north america . 
 cultures as far away and diverse as thailand , england , scotland , ireland , wales , germany , brazil and mexico all revered white spiritual animals in their folklore . 
 dan rubbed his eyes ; they were getting tired from the reading . 
 he 'd spread his assortment of books across the library 's reading table trying to connect common threads running through the diverse stories and legends . 
 his attention was drawn to the large window set high into the wall in front of him . 
 rivulets of water streamed down the glass like little rivers streaming to the ocean . 
 it had started to rain outside and the wind lashed the library while its occupants studied inside . 
 dan lowered his chin and moved his head to the right , the reading table was full with books of varied shapes and sizes scattered across its surface . 
 students and people of all ages read silently and scribbled notes or typed furiously into laptops . 
 his eyes surveyed the people working away in silence . 
 it was nice to focus his gaze at a distance rather than concentrate on a book six inches away . 
 he let his eyes wander and relax without really paying too much attention to what he was seeing . 
 when his eyes regained focus they rested upon the long brown hair of a girl about his age . 
 she propped up her chin up within her hands and stared intensely at a large open book . 
 she read with intensity but made no notes . 
 her hair was straight and a deep golden brown falling to her shoulders and parted in the middle . 
 she reached up to tuck a few falling locks away from her face and behind her ear . 
 this action revealed her pretty face and large eyes . 
 dan stared uncontrollably but at that very moment she decided to give her eyes a break and looked his way . 
 caught in a mutual stare for a brief second he panicked . 
 she smiled while dan immediately broke the stare by pretending he had n't been looking at her and dropped his eyes to his book and a picture of an 18th century wood carving in eastern europe . 
 he waited a few minutes and cautiously lifted his gaze back to the attractive girl . 
 she was closing the large book in front of her and it looked like she was preparing to leave . 
 dan continued to read . 
 after a couple of minutes he saw movement within his peripheral vision but it was n't her ; a man with a scruffy blue t-shirt and unshaven beard had taken her empty seat at the reading table . 
 dan pushed a large book to the side and opened another book to its index . 
 his eyes scanned the page until he found what he was looking for , white wolf page 73 . 
 dan opened the book thumbing the pages to his intended destination . 
 he felt a presence over his right shoulder and turned to see a short , spindly looking man wearing beige pants , with a brown belt synched too tight around his wispy waist . 
 he wore a faded blue shirt tucked into his waistband making him look like a little boy wearing his larger brother 's hand me downs . 
 the man was bald on top with wispy tufts of blonde hair on each side of his head with golden colored rounded glasses , the type john lennon use to wear . 
 he leaned in to scold dan in a patronizing whisper . 
 his voice was controlled and at a library volume , but loud enough for the other people studying at the reading table to hear . 
 it was clear that this little man wanted to let everyone know that he had authority and he was n't to be trifled with , despite his diminutive size . 
 `` young man , you are only allowed to have two books removed from the shelf and on the reading table at any time . 
 there are signs on the wall and on the table , '' he said , pointing at a laminated card placed upon the table . 
 `` i assume you can read ? '' 
 he said sarcastically . 
 dan was stunned into silence and felt embarrassed , `` two at any time , that means you have to take one back , what are you waiting for ? '' 
 the silence was deafening and dan could feel the blood rushing to his face and his burning hot cheeks . 
 a whispered voice from across the table in front of him provided some welcome relief . 
 `` actually he only has two books , this one is mine , '' she said pulling at one of his books , `` and this one is mine , '' she said pointing to a book tucked under her arm . 
 she sat in the only remaining open chair located directly across from dan and smiled sweetly at the irritating little man seemingly drunk on his own power . 
 she opened a book and pretended to read intently , her line was expertly delivered with a dismissive tone that seemed to work . 
 people at the table stopped and stared at the man . 
 they knew he 'd been outfoxed and outsmarted by a cute , intelligent , fearless girl , and they were silently enjoying it . 
 the thin little man adjusted his glasses , let out an audible sigh of frustration , and clearly irritated , walked away quickly . 
 once the man had left , satisfied smiles crossed the faces of people at the reading table . 
 the young girl sat stoically reading dan 's book on native indian legends . 
 dan stared at her in awe . 
 she was the only person his age at the reading table and she 'd firmly but politely put that annoying little man in his place . 
 she stopped reading and raised her brilliant brown eyes to meet dan 's gaze with just a hint of a satisfied smile . 
 dan mouthed the words , `` thank you . '' 
 she broke into a smile brushing away her falling hair from her face . 
 she mouthed the words , `` ca n't stand that guy , you 're welcome , '' back to him . 
 she took both books back to the shelves as dan waited for her to return . 
 she never did , and his chance was gone , if he ever had a chance in the first place . 
 the weather had cleared up and it was overcast but dry and windy . 
 dan kept his head down , facing the wind , as he returned home from the library . 
 all he could think about was the cute girl that had rescued him . 
 she was definitely out of his league , was probably very popular , and one of the cool kids . 
 still , she 'd saved him . 
 as he trudged home he started to scold himself mumbling under his breath , `` why did n't you introduce yourself ? 
 why did n't you ask her what her name was ? 
 god you 're so stupid . 
 she only took pity on you , that does n't mean she likes you . 
 let her go - she 's out of your league anyway . 
 but she could come to the library again ; at least you know where she hangs out now . 
 ahhh , forget it , you have a beast to kill . 
 that 's far more exciting than chasing some girl that 's not interested in you . '' 
 dan did n't pay too much attention to his walk home , and arrived sooner than he thought , he could n't recall much of the journey because his thoughts were distracting . 
 he entered the apartment building and glanced at his watch , `` two and a half hours before i see raj again , just enough time to have some dinner , '' he muttered . 
 dinner was pasta , with a tomato sauce with mushrooms , but liz talked throughout , with dan pretending to listen , but his thoughts had drifted to the green eyed , brown haired girl , he 'd met in the library . 
 liz 's story involved a handsome man ; he was polite , shy and refined , and he always ate alone at the restaurant . 
 liz felt he came in with a hidden motive , to specifically see her ; he smiled a lot , did n't wear a wedding ring , and always left an overly generous tip . 
 she thought he was cultured and perhaps too shy to hit upon her by asking her out , yet it was obvious that this is what she wanted . 
 it was nice to see her excited and happy about the attentions of a man . 
 after dinner liz went to her room to change for work , and dan cleared away the table settings as usual . 
 when he 'd stored away the last plate , she emerged from her room wearing her server 's uniform ; flat comfortable shoes ideal for walking , black loose fitting pants , and a black polo shirt . 
 she looked different tonight and dan noticed . 
 her hair was swept up and held in place by a pretty hair clasp made from tiger-eye . 
 liz had carefully applied some makeup to accentuate her eyes , soften her face and define her lips . 
 she looked nice , but dan did n't want to say anything that would make her feel self conscious or silly . 
 he opted to ignore it . 
 liz carried on as normal , preparing dan to go and visit raj , so dan played along with the charade knowing she had made an effort to impress the polite male customer . 
 liz knocked gently upon raj 's apartment door . 
 the door swung open followed by an exchange of pleasantries . 
 then it happened , raj 's innocent comment drew attention to her appearance , `` liz , you look really nice tonight , '' observed raj . 
 dan visibly stiffened , knowing that a comment like that from raj would make his mother uncomfortably self-aware , `` why thank you raj , nice of you to notice , '' she said smiling and shooting a glance at her son . 
 dan looked at his feet feeling her stare boring a hole through his head , `` have a good shift mum , '' said dan , scurrying into raj 's apartment . 
 he felt awful . 
 when liz left , raj faced dan and inquired , `` what was that all about ? '' 
 `` oh , i did n't say anything because she 's getting all glammed up for some fella that comes into the restaurant . 
 i did n't want to make a big deal out of it because she gets all nervous and stuff . '' 
 `` i see , '' said raj smiling . 
 after a little chat they locked the door and settled in to use the dream cane . 
 * * * * * the fourth realm - vianna chapter 11 : the chief 's guest the village of autumn , the mine district . 
 `` learning to trust is one of life 's most difficult tasks . '' 
 it was n't long before the dream cane took them back to the hotel room where they 'd originally seen the crimson butterflies . 
 the journey to another seemed easier this time , now that dan knew what to expect . 
 the adventurers were more than ready to resume their quest , despite the dangers that lay ahead . 
 dan decided not to share his thoughts with raj , that it might be his destiny to kill this beast . 
 he felt that his epiphany may be ridiculed , and it would probably be for the best if he left this insight unspoken for now . 
 dan was admiring his large muscular frame , before his attention was redirected ; `` it 's late , very late . 
 better get off to your room and try to get a good night 's sleep . 
 i 'll meet you in the lobby at 7am , be sure to phone down to the front desk and arrange for a wakeup call at 6am . 
 get showered and ready early because we 'll go for breakfast at the diner , the one the indian chief was talking about . 
 seems like a good place to meet locals and strangers alike . 
 dan felt for his room key nestled in his pocket , it was still there ; he was so excited about being back that he did n't want to sleep , but he reluctantly left , and settled in for the night . 
 the following morning dan paced nervously around the lobby trying not to draw attention to his actions . 
 he was early , anxious to start the day and find any information that may lead to tracking this beast . 
 dan tried to understand how he could stay in this realm the entire night and most of the day , yet it only represented a few hours of his mother 's working shift back in earth 's realm . 
 raj had explained how this time anomaly works earlier , but he still could n't believe it or understand it . 
 he felt a light tap on his shoulder ; `` you hungry then ? '' 
 inquired raj . 
 it was still very odd for dan to see raj in a completely different , stronger and considerably younger body . 
 he marveled at raj 's drastically altered voice , without a trace of his thick indian accent . 
 it was probably more of a shock for raj to see dan , temporarily freed from his adolescent body and occupying the large , hulking , frame of a grown man , with a deep , strong , masculine , voice . 
 dan 's eyes widened , `` yup , i 'm very hungry . '' 
 `` let 's go to the diner then , and see what we can find out . 
 i 've already got directions , its not that far , '' he said with a grin . 
 `` lets go . '' 
 they proceeded through the lobby to the hotel 's front door where they exited onto autumn 's main street . 
 it was a crisp cool morning , as the men appreciated the warming sunlight bursting over the rooftops and flooding the street with welcoming light . 
 there was still a chill that hung in the air but it felt clean , and pure , as they both filled their lungs . 
 you do n't get this feeling in a big , dirty , bustling city ; the street was calm and quiet , with no traffic , and no pedestrians , it appeared that it way too early for this sleepy northern village . 
 they walked for a few minutes before the diner 's large illuminated sign came into view . 
 cars and trucks glinted in the parking lot sunlight as they waited for their owners to return from finishing their breakfasts . 
 the parking lot was half full , but it provided enough evidence that some villagers had sprung into life on this otherwise sleepy street . 
 no words had been exchanged between the men until they approached the door to the diner . 
 raj stopped , and without looking at dan , he grabbed the door handle and paused awkwardly , `` leave the talking to me . 
 i still want you to be the strong and silent type , until you get the swing of things , okay ? '' 
 he did n't wait for an answer ; he pulled at the door 's handle and entered the diner . 
 stepping inside , they could see it was a busy place , with the smells of hot coffee and hashbrowns permeating the diner 's air . 
 raj immediately spotted the indian chief facing the door , and nursing a mug of steaming coffee in his cupped hands . 
 the chief was n't alone ; he sat in a red leather cladded booth with a man sat with his back to the door . 
 the chief 's guest was dressed in black leathers with long unwashed black hair . 
 as they approached , the chief slid across the bench seat , to make room at his booth , `` please join us , i 'd like you to meet someone . '' 
 the chief looked happy , and excited , at the prospect of this meeting ; the stranger looked decidedly uncomfortable , wanting to avoid such a public introduction . 
 raj slid across the leather bench and sat next to the chief , leaving dan to awkwardly look at the stranger , suggesting he should move over to make some room . 
 with some considerable reluctance , he shuffled down the bench dragging his breakfast setting with him . 
 dan carefully took his position within the booth , trying not to bump shoulders with the unwelcoming stranger . 
 annie arrived just at the right time to break the uncomfortable silence . 
 `` coffee to start with fellas ? '' 
 raj looked at the chirpy waitress and wondered how some people could have so much energy so early in the day , `` yes please , two coffees , that would be great , thanks . '' 
 the chief waited for annie to leave , he knew from her inquisitive nature that she would be curious . 
 the chief usually sat alone or with a couple of his boys from the tribe . 
 it was highly unusual for him to be talking with a booth full of strangers . 
 he frequented the diner often but most people would describe him as anti-social , rude , or an introvert . 
 the chief relaxed the tight grip he had on his steaming coffee mug to wave a hand at the men sat across from him , `` you know annie there owns this place , she 's been here for years , and she knows these parts well . 
 it was one of her girls , working here at the diner that the beast killed . 
 she was a beautiful girl named kelly , a little slow upstairs , but full of life and a smile that would light up your morning . 
 she was a good kid ; she did n't deserve to die and the village will miss her cheerful soul , '' the chief shook his head slowly . 
 annie returned with two steaming cups of black coffee ; she placed them gently upon the table and pointed to the packs of milk , cream , and sugar , `` all of your fixings are there guys , do you boys want a refill ? '' 
 in unison they both shook their heads , `` no thanks , annie , '' mumbled the chief . 
 annie left to attend her other customers . 
 the chief planted his right elbow upon the table and flipped his wrist to make small gestures to accompany his softly spoken words . 
 `` i need to facilitate introductions ; we need to all get on the same page quickly here as we 're running out of time . '' 
 he leaned in so the other patrons would n't hear him , `` let 's cut through all of this pretense , we 're all here for the same reason , and we 'd all be better off if we cooperated and joined forces , this is n't a race and if we pool our efforts then we 'll be stronger . '' 
 the stranger stiffened at the chief 's words , he knew he was trapped within the booth , but he wanted to avoid this conversation and run , he shot a worried look across the table at the chief . 
 `` in my tribe , our people pass down our history from generation to generation , it 's our oral tradition . 
 many people think that we 're a bunch of drunken babbling fools , caught up in our legends and our fanciful stories . 
 what we are experiencing is n't the first time this has happened to autumn , and this is n't the first time help has arrived from other worlds . '' 
 the stranger nervously surveyed the diner to see who was listening . 
 it seemed everyone was busy eating , or distracted by there own private conversations . 
 the chief continued , `` you three are different to other folk , you 're not from this world , some would call you imposters , but i 'm glad you 're here , because you 've been sent to help us kill this beast . '' 
 `` i think you 've got me all wrong , i 'm ... '' started the stranger . 
 `` shut it , '' snapped the chief abruptly , his demeanor changed in an instant , `` i do n't have time for this while real people are being killed . 
 you 're as much a migrant worker passing through , as i 'm a cowboy , and you two are not barnes & colder . 
 paul , brian , and kelly , are all dead - and we 're still sitting here pretending . '' 
 the chief shook his head in disgust , `` you pretend to be passing through , and heading to the mines up north for work , yet you could n't name three mines and their locations ! 
 no one in their right mind travels this far north , in dangerous terrain , without researching where they would be going first . '' 
 dan smiled . 
 `` you two are just as bad - big hunters from laran city , yet you ca n't even describe the city 's famous clock tower or name it 's famous irish pub situated across the square . 
 only a fool desperate to believe would actually believe that you 're natives of laran city . '' 
 they were caught in the web of their deceit and they all knew it . 
 `` i 'm an old indian chief , the wise great bear they call me , blessed with skills and knowledge passed down from countless generations within my tribe . 
 i see things others do n't see , and i 'm at one with our natural environment - not a simple fool , as many would say . 
 i can see auras , the body 's energy and life-force . 
 as i sit here today , you three have no colorful auras , you do n't exude an aura of a normal person ; you emit a pure white glow of energy . 
 we know who you are and we 've seen your kind before , you 're what we indians call tugnars . '' 
 the chief lowered his voice , `` you 're creatures from another plain , another dimension , another realm . 
 you 've been sent here to help us with our fight , and we 're eternally grateful for that . 
 this creature that roams our forest , he 's been sent here to open an access point to our world so that evil can exploit us and access our realm . 
 we ca n't let that happen , and you have to help us , just like you 've done in the past . '' 
 the stranger glared across the table at raj , `` i guess it 's time for us all to come clean , who are you and where are you from ? '' 
 raj took a slow deliberate sip of his strong black coffee ; he paused for effect , enjoying the drama like it was a finely written play , `` who , '' he emphasized the word , `` we are , is not important . 
 you 're a wise chief indeed , we 're travellers from the fifth realm - earth , and we were sent here to help you . '' 
 dan glared at raj in amazement , for he 'd revealed their true identities so soon , `` who are you ? '' 
 he asked bluntly , turning to the silent stranger . 
 the stranger paused for a moment , not expecting the question , and still reluctant to offer his answer , `` i 'm kaan , i 'm a master monk of the highest order , from the mountains of haitden , and the majestic monastery of light , deep within the third realm . '' 
 the pride in his voice did not disguise the sacrifice , discipline , and effort required , to obtain these credentials . 
 `` i know what this creature is , and i know why it 's here . 
 i 've been trained to stop it , kill it , and make sure it does n't succeed . 
 that is my mission above all else , everything else , including my life , which is not important . '' 
 the chief nodded his head to recognize the trust forming , `` good . 
 now we are being honest with each other . 
 we have noticed that the local animals have long since fled north , even the stubborn wolf and the tenacious bear , that fight to acquire their territory , have left . 
 the spiritual animals are now moving in and making their presence known . 
 this is a serious sign that a great evil lurks and ominous events are about to unfold . 
 it is my responsibility , as the chief of my tribe , keeper of the legends , and guardian of the forest , to kill this beast . 
 i am only too aware that many people around these parts think that i 'm a rambling old fool , but little do they know . 
 we 'll be much stronger if we combine forces and work together as one team , than if we compete . 
 we 'll need all of our experience to kill this beast . 
 kaan , you said you know what this beast is ; then tell us what we 're facing here . '' 
 the monk patiently stirred his coffee and sipped pensively . 
 for a moment he collected his thoughts for he was uncertain where to begin . 
 annie broke the silence , `` so , you boys know what you want to order ? '' 
 raj spoke trying to speed the ordering process along , `` yes , we 're both having the same ; pancakes with a side order of hashbrowns please . '' 
 annie scribbled into her note pad , `` two pancakes with hashbrowns coming up , thanks , '' annie wheeled away efficiently . 
 `` you were saying ? '' 
 prompted the chief . 
 the stranger glanced from side to side , to see who could hear him , satisfied - he continued . 
 `` this is a dark creature from the first realm , where evil has gained a significant foot hold , and the battle between darkness and light is fierce . 
 occasionally , the dark leaders will stumble across portals , powerful ways to traverse across the realms . 
 it requires the stars to align , the timing has to be right , and this limits their opportunities . 
 when the time is right , they will send a messenger equipped with the knowledge to open a portal permanently , where evil and darkness can seep into a realm and ultimately consume it . 
 this messenger has arrived , and the animals of the great forest can sense its presence . 
 it 's a karcon , a ferocious beast from the dark underworld . 
 it 's twice the size of one of your largest grizzly bears ; it 's covered in dense brown fur , and armed with large paws with sharp claws . 
 it has a long pointed snout filled with large sharp teeth . 
 its senses are highly developed , with eyes that can see movement and a powerful nose that can pinpoint the scent of intruders . 
 the karcon is not like any animal that you 've encountered before , it 's a dark spirit , capable of living without the sustenance we need ; it does not eat or drink . 
 it feeds on fear and creates an environment of death , anxiety , panic , and uncertainty . 
 this energy allows the beast to feed and grow stronger . 
 it 's intelligent and bred to search for a spiritual place where it can open a portal , a bridge to the first realm . 
 if it succeeds , then a flood of evil spirits will invade this realm and turn it into a dark place . '' 
 `` how do we kill it ? '' 
 inquired dan , changing the direction of the conversation . 
 the monk fell silent , thinking deeply about his response , `` the karcon can be killed . 
 the scriptures call for a person with a pure heart , who is not afraid of facing demons . 
 the monks from my monastery have killed several of these beasts over the centuries with each one killed in a different way , from a golden spear owned by euethanese wielded by an innocent boy . 
 a monk living in my order has killed a karcon using a sacred sword once owned by the great king of the second realm . 
 in all of these cases , the killing weapon used had a deep spiritual connection with prominence across the generations , and had been blessed by many . 
 today 's modern weapons are designed to kill but they only make the beast stronger . 
 killing a karcon is not easy , i 've brought with me the sacred knife of princess athena , leader of the ancient elfen tribe of the great forests of kedden , deep within the second realm . '' 
 the monk touched the knife , well concealed beneath his leather coat . 
 `` the kedden elfen 's are an extinct clan , but for centuries they fought the dark spirits keeping them at bay with their skill and bravery . 
 this knife has killed four karcon , making it a powerful and revered weapon . 
 its handle is made from human bone , inlaid with the purest of gold . 
 the bone is a fragment from the shattered leg of a powerful elfen king , who swore to protect the kedden forests . 
 the blade is n't long , so it means that i 'll have to get close to the karcon , and that is where the difficulty lies . 
 it takes great skill , courage , and training , to achieve this . 
 it may ultimately cost me my life . '' 
 the chief looked at raj and dan , `` barnes & colder , intrepid hunters from laran city , what weapons have you brought to kill this dangerous spirit ? '' 
 dan felt the blood rush to his cheeks ; raj came to his rescue , `` we 're not trained karcon killers , we were simply sent here to help . 
 we have traditional weapons like knives , guns , and rifles . 
 we come with the belief that a higher power feels we need to be here , that 's all we know . '' 
 raj felt inadequate but the chief eased his anxiety . 
 `` then we have to trust the higher power , we 're glad you 're both here and we feel blessed to have your support . '' 
 the door to the diner opened noisily , causing the occupants to look at the source of the commotion . 
 sheriff kevin jones staggered through the doorway and stumbled to a recently vacated booth . 
 he accidently knocked a cup of cold coffee from the table , spilling the murky liquid and smashing the ceramic cup into pieces that scattered across the polished floor . 
 he sank heavily into the booth 's padded bench ; oblivious to the chaos he was creating . 
 a young woman mopped away the spilt coffee and swept the tiny white ceramic shards of the cup with practiced efficiency allowing annie to handle the incident , `` sheriff jones , how nice to see you on this beautiful , windy , autumn morning . '' 
 the sheriff looked unkempt , with his ruffled hair , unshaven appearance , and crinkled uniform , exposing to the trained eye that he 'd slept in the clothes he was wearing . 
 the strong smell of whiskey could be recognized from two booths away , as annie poured the sheriff a large cup of strong black coffee . 
 she leaned in offering loyal support to her good friend , and whispered , `` drink this , and smarten up for god 's sake . '' 
 she laughed loudly and responded to the sheriff 's non-existent dialogue , continuing the pretense for the benefit of the other diners , `` sure thing sheriff , eggs , bacon , hashbrowns , beans and toast coming right up , '' she bluffed . 
 annie walked away briskly , having taken the sheriff 's order a hundred times before ; the sheriff slumped over his coffee and tried to keep his head from spinning . 
 the stranger turned his head back to the conversation , `` that 's the local sheriff , clearly he 's not in control of the situation . '' 
 `` he was pretty drunk last night when we met him at the hotel , '' offered dan . 
 raj added to the commentary , `` yes , and it looks like he continued to drink well after we had called it a night . '' 
 the indian chief was more sympathetic , `` the sheriff 's a good decent man , we like him a lot around these parts . 
 he 's had a tough life , and he 's slipped because of it . 
 in time , he 'll come back to his normal self , hopefully . 
 tom jantz runs this village , the arrogant man you met last night . 
 he 's the head of security , up at asquith 's mine , which means he has access to a pack of hounds , all dressed in black t-shirts , which seem to follow him around and do his bidding . 
 he 's organized and a man of action , but he 's not open minded enough to accept what we are dealing with here is not a very large bear on the loose . '' 
 raj placed his empty cup carefully upon the table ; `` we 'll have to placate him if we 're going to play along that we 're barnes & colder . '' 
 the monk glanced at raj , `` you ca n't tell him who we really are or any of the details of this conversation . '' 
 `` no , '' whispered the chief in a concerned tone . 
 `` do n't worry , we 'll both have to act as if we 're hunting bear . 
 he wants to form a hunting party , but we 'll have to convince him to include you both . 
 including the chief should be easy , you know the forest , and the terrain . '' 
 raj turned to look at the monk , `` you 'll be more of a challenge , but leave that one to me . 
 can you hunt with a bow ? '' 
 `` better than anyone in this realm , '' said the monk with a surety that belied a challenge . 
 with a spark of an idea , raj turned to look at the chief , `` good . 
 get the monk a bow and some arrows , i can use that to win over mr. jantz , and we might just get you in the hunting party yet . '' 
 the chief nodded , accepting raj 's request . 
 the monk turned his head to face dan 's large muscular frame , `` for such a big man , you do n't say much do you ? '' 
 dan was caught in that moment , where his body screamed , his insecurities grew , and his mind , was clouded with a red fog that rendered him speechless . 
 he could feel his cheeks flush , and a hundred voices whispered damaging thoughts into his mind as his heart pounded . 
 he was a hulk of a man , with finely chiseled muscles , and deep , piercing eyes , yet inside , was trapped a small insecure fourteen-year-old boy , that would cross the street to avoid a fight . 
 then fate intervened ; a thought flashed through his brain , he recalled a page from the library book he 'd seen that day . 
 dan pushed his broad shoulder blades backwards flexing them wide ; he turned his face to within inches of the monk , and fixed him with his steely stare , `` silence is a true friend who never betrays . '' 
 it was a quote from confucius , which was the perfect response for an intellectual monk , who did not deserve to be trusted until that trust had been earned . 
 it also sent a ` back off ' message that was required , and deserved . 
 raj smiled , he was so proud that dan had matched the monk 's petulant remark with wisdom and verve . 
 `` come on boys , '' scolded the chief , aware of the testosterone flowing through these young warriors . 
 `` we 're stronger together . '' 
 the door to the diner swung open and both the chief and raj lifted their eyes at the same time to see tom jantz , accompanied by a large man in a black t-shirt , take an empty booth . 
 tom had spotted their conversation in progress . 
 the chief touched raj 's forearm , `` you must go and join them , try to figure out how to limit the size of the hunting party . 
 you have to include the both of us , but remember to be firm , you 're in charge . '' 
 raj was about to get up when annie appeared and served tom some coffee ; the chief held firmly onto raj 's forearm . 
 `` one last thing . 
 we convened a special meeting of the waishee council of tribal elders last night , i should n't even be telling you this , but we performed an ancient spiritual ritual , where we talk with our dead ancestors . 
 you may think it strange , but we burn a type of fern that clears our minds , '' the chief waved his hand impatiently , `` an elder received a message . '' 
 the beast is searching for a special place , a sacred place , with a strong connection to the spirit world . 
 we believe we know where this place is . 
 it 's a sacred waishee burial cave , situated deep within the forest , where only a handful of my tribe knows of its location . 
 we believe the beast will try to open the portal to our world from this cave . 
 do n't mention this to tom ; all he needs to know is that i possess the skills needed to work with you to track the beast . 
 i 'm certain the beast is looking for this cave , and i 'm told , a beast tried to find this location hundreds of years earlier . 
 now go and convince him of our inclusion into your hunting party . '' 
 the chief retracted his hand and raj rose to join tom jantz and his guest . 
 dan looked at the chief for direction , `` go with him , your breakfast is on me , go , now . '' 
 raj and dan approached tom 's booth . 
 tom gulped down a mouthful of hot coffee managing to blurt out a sarcastic greeting , `` misters barnes & colder , i trust you slept well ? 
 please come and join us . '' 
 tom waived at the empty seats beside both men , `` this is my colleague , mr. kevin waits he works with me up at the mine . '' 
 the last part of the introduction was totally redundant , as the logo on the mine t-shirt was the first give away . 
 the men took their seats with raj facing tom jantz , and dan facing kevin waits . 
 `` i see you 've met some of the colorful locals , what fanciful tales have they been filling your heads with ? '' 
 tom raised his cup to his mouth , as annie approached the table holding two large plates of food . 
 `` here you go , '' said annie , sliding the plates across the table , `` its musical chairs around here this morning , '' she 'd noticed the new location of the two men ; annie smiled and scurried away . 
 `` so ? '' 
 reiterated tom . 
 `` just getting some local reaction to what 's going on around here ; any good hunter does his recon before he walks into a situation . 
 we like to talk with the locals , get a feel for the terrain , and understand what we 're dealing with . 
 we like to consider diverse views and approach a problem from different angles . 
 you never know when you 'll need a plan b. '' raj kept a good firm lock on tom 's eyes . 
 dan was screaming inside - ` yeah . 
 that told him ! ' 
 `` a plan b you say , i can see that being useful from time to time . '' 
 tom stuffed some steaming hashbrowns into his mouth . 
 with his mouth still full of food he turned to kevin , `` see that 's why we hire professionals kevin - plan b , who would 've thought of that . '' 
 he mumbled . 
 once tom had chewed and swallowed his food he focused his attention upon raj . 
 `` i want to create a hunting party that you two will lead , i 'll be with you and i 'll bring some of my men . 
 we leave this morning and we 'll hunt that damn bear until we find it . 
 i want you guys to get your gear together and meet me at the hotel at 10.45 am . 
 we need action not fairy tales and plan b 's - got it ? '' 
 said tom , holding his food covered knife within his enormous clenched fist . 
 dan decided it was his time to talk . 
 he turned his considerable frame in the direction of tom jantz reaching for his clenched fist . 
 dan squeezed tom 's fist so tight that his fingers were starting to turn blue , `` perhaps you should let us talk , after all , we 're the professionals , and we were hired to do this job . 
 got it ? '' 
 raj was shocked , but the extreme act worked as kevin remained glued to his seat and tom nodded reluctantly , `` we agree with parts of your crude assessment , '' started raj . 
 `` we need to assemble a very small hunting party . 
 the more men we have , the less chance we 'll have of killing this beast . 
 it will smell us a mile away ; it will hear us , and it will sense us . 
 i 'm happy to include yourself and one of your colleagues to join our hunting party . '' 
 `` kevin will come with me , '' said tom , giving kevin a reassuring nod . 
 `` we 'll also include the indian chief , as he knows this terrain better than anyone , especially the deep forest . 
 his tracking skills will be a useful compliment to our own . '' 
 `` he 's an idiot full of stupid old stories from times gone by , full of mystical phantasms , spectres , and ghosts , who will apparently hunt us from the shadows . '' 
 tom waved his finger in a circular motion near his temple to signify the chief being mentally unstable . 
 `` he 's an old fool trying to convince you to take him along for his own self importance . '' 
 the two men from the mine both laughed dismissively . 
 raj held firm . 
 `` he may have some interesting stories , but he 's still a damn good tracker , and he knows these forests . 
 he 's coming . '' 
 raj glanced at dan , as if to ready him for the next piece of news he was to deliver to tom jantz . 
 `` we 've decided we want to bring the guy talking with the indian chief also . '' 
 tom was shaking his head . 
 `` no way . '' 
 kevin joined in with the disapproval , `` no . '' 
 dan evened up the score by staring at kevin , `` yes , he 's coming . '' 
 raj continued , `` he 's coming . 
 i understand he 's spent a lot of time in the woods , and he 's highly proficient with a bow . 
 we may need a silent weapon when we get in there . 
 he 's a big bloke and he can carry a lot of supplies . 
 he looks like he can fight , and we need all the strength and brawn that we can get . 
 besides , if you think we 're walking into the woods with you two and an old indian chief then you 're nuts . 
 we would n't emerge alive , unfortunately killed by the beast , with no witnesses , and no payment due , how convenient . '' 
 dan had n't thought of that , and suddenly felt better having the monk accompany them . 
 `` gentlemen , is there no trust here ? '' 
 exclaimed tom . 
 `` funny things happen in the forest , bringing some special skills to our hunting team will be welcomed and they will both be included . 
 we 'll meet you tomorrow at 10.45 am , come prepared and we 'll start our hunt . '' 
 tom spoke with his mouth full of food , `` wait a minute , what 's this guy 's name , and why would he do this for nothing ? '' 
 raj bluffed his way through , `` his name 's kaan , we 're going to pay him , and he needs the cash . 
 eat now , then get your gear and meet us back at the hotel . '' 
 both raj and dan left the company of tom and kevin to rejoin kaan and the chief . 
 the conversation was replayed for their benefit before they all left the diner to gather belongings and supplies . 
 dan marveled at how persuasive raj had acted and his ability to control and manipulate the situation so smoothly . 
 dan realized that he was learning valuable life lessons that ca n't be taught at school . 
 he realized that people never see a sharp , creative mind ; they 're more superficial preferring to see a frail , old , man from india . 
 in this realm people do n't see a confused , scared , fourteen-year-old insecure boy , they see a confident , muscle bound man . 
 a valuable life lesson that everyone comes to understand with age is when you take the time to get to know someone , and dig a little deeper , you 'll always be pleasantly surprised by what you find . 
 people are essentially the same , motivated by similar dreams , and held back by similar fears and insecurities . 
 there 's always a reason why people act the way that they do , and we never truly know what 's going on in people 's lives . 
 it was a good lesson for dan to learn . 
 when dan reached the entrance of the hotel , he started to break down with worry ; he looked at raj , unable to hold back his true feelings , `` raj , i 'm sorry , i do n't know if i can go through with this . 
 you see me as this large muscular man , but you have to remember , i 'm only fourteen years old . 
 i 'm pretty scared right now and i do n't want to die . 
 i was excited about this whole thing , until i realized we could be in real danger , and we could die ! 
 i did n't sign up to die ; this is totally different to my video games . 
 i 'm only fourteen ! '' 
 raj looked into the eyes of the large frightened man and finally saw the fear of a little boy . 
 `` i understand . 
 it 's totally up to you . 
 we can hide out until its time to go back and we see the crimson butterflies . 
 just remember this , you are in the body of a trained killer and a supreme hunter . 
 any skills that this man has , you now have , and will always have . 
 it never goes away . 
 you will always know how to hunt , fight , and track your prey . 
 every time that you take on a persona you will inherit tremendous skills , which will always stay with you . 
 i wo n't let you come to any harm , i promise you . 
 this is your decision , and it 's a big decision , and only you can decide what your fate will be , but i 'll respect it . '' 
 `` i want to go home , but i do n't want to let these people down , or you , and i feel that i am . 
 what if it 's me that fate has chosen to kill the beast ? 
 i 'm scared raj , really scared . '' 
 raj spoke softly , `` dan , i 'm 74 years old , and i 'm scared too , just like you . 
 you 're a kid , there 's no expectation , and you 're not letting me down at all . 
 i never thought i 'd ever get to go on another adventure during my lifetime . 
 i 've missed this feeling of excitement so much that i was too eager to jump in , without considering your feelings , and i 'm sorry for that . 
 please forgive me , i 'm an old fool desperate to feel like a young man with a purpose again . '' 
 `` you do n't need to apologize , i understand . 
 you want to feel young and needed again , and i guess i like feeling older , bigger , and less of a burden , less vulnerable . 
 let 's get on with this . 
 i have to trust myself , and my new skills ; above all else , i have to trust the dream cane , after all , it selected us both to do this mission . 
 promise me one thing though , you have to look out for me and remember that i 'm only fourteen ! '' 
 raj smiled , and nodded his acceptance . 
 * * * * * the fourth realm - vianna chapter 12 : the hunting party the village of autumn , the mine district . 
 `` you have to know who you are , if you do n't you have nightmares . '' 
 a large black pickup truck pulled into the parking lot of the grafton hotel ; it 's tires made that familiar crunching noise as it moved across the gravel . 
 the truck was decorated with the logo from asquith mine , proudly displayed on each door . 
 the truck 's flat bed was loaded with supplies and weapons , an arsenal required for a job of this type . 
 dan and raj exited the rear of the hotel at precisely 10.45 am as agreed ; they each carried two large bags , a lighter load in contrast to their mining colleagues . 
 a white jeep-like vehicle entered the parking lot at a slow speed the indian chief was at the wheel , with kaan the monk , in the passenger seat . 
 the team had assembled and the hunt was about to begin . 
 the men gathered in the center of the dusty gravel yard , each wondering what to expect , tingling with fear , and excitement . 
 the chief broke the silence , `` i 've heard from local hunters that this thing is prowling around tanner 's ridge , we 've had reports of strange howls , and sightings of a large animal . 
 i suggest we drive to the lookout point and hike across the valley to the ridge . 
 from there we can start the track . '' 
 kevin flexed his chest , `` who put you in charge ? '' 
 raj stepped forward quickly to check his ego , `` i doubt your reconnaissance is any better , i did n't hear you offering up any suggestions where this beast might be hiding . 
 so shut it , if it 's tracking we 're talking about then he 's in charge . 
 unless you 're an expert tracker kevin and you just have n't shared that with us . '' 
 dan stepped forward taking his position just behind raj 's left shoulder and broadened his chest in a powerful display of support . 
 kevin used the toe of his boot to make little circles in the dusty parking lot gravel , `` let 's get going then , why do n't you lead the way indian , '' said tom , clearly irritated at kevin for showing his biased feelings towards the indian . 
 the indian chief nodded his head , as the monk moved his considerable frame forwards , the chief motioned to dan and raj ; he raised his hand waist high , before curling his fingers in a ` come here ' gesture . 
 `` you two can ride with us , '' he said , grabbing a couple of their large bags . 
 once the men had loaded their bags into the jeep , they took their positions in the vehicle . 
 the chief drove while raj sat next to him in the passenger seat ; the two larger men were squeezed into the rear seats . 
 `` we ca n't trust them , '' said the monk , stating the obvious . 
 raj turned his head to address the occupants in the rear seats , `` we do n't , just as they do n't trust us , but we 'll need to watch each others backs , this unit right here needs to stay strong - got it ? '' 
 the monk responded to raj 's question by nodding his acceptance . 
 dan nodded making sure he kept strong eye contact with the monk , ensuring that an accord had been agreed . 
 going forward they had to be a team , stronger as a combined force , `` good , how long to the lookout point ? '' 
 inquired raj . 
 `` about ninety minutes , '' said the chief , checking to see if his jeep was still being followed . 
 raj rubbed his forehead , `` great , enough time to tell me everything you know about these clowns behind us , '' he turned to face the monk . 
 `` then you can tell us everything you know about this beast . '' 
 the chief talked about the village of autumn and it 's rich , deep heritage . 
 he talked about his tribe and the struggles that the indians had fitting in with the modern world . 
 it was obvious that the indians had battled many demons in their modern struggle for survival . 
 the village relied upon the mine , which provided a steady boost to its small economy . 
 the village had suffered its fair share of tragedy with drifters , murders , accidents , and crimes that people in remote areas often commit . 
 then the village seemed to change for the worse as an unusually high number of violent incidents , fights , and aggression , took hold of this small community , where it started to affect the smooth operation and profitability of the mine . 
 that 's when mine officials called in outsiders to increase the security at the mine and to protect their assets . 
 this was n't a bad idea as miners like to drink , and can get rowdy when they 're bored and working long assignments in the isolated north . 
 tom jantz was an outsider , parachuted in by the mining company 's top brass , to restore calm and orderly production quotas . 
 it was n't long before a small enforcement group of large muscular men appeared in the village , they were all dressed in black t-shirts sporting the mine 's security logo . 
 this happened to coincide with the sheriff 's personal melt down . 
 the sheriff lost his newborn daughter to a mis-carriage and soon after , marital problems escalated . 
 he turned to booze as a way of handling his issues and stopped paying his attractive wife the attention , and respect , that she deserved . 
 jean was a fiery red headed local girl , with immense pride , and a keen wit . 
 she tried to stick by her husband , but his rumored infidelities circulated quickly around this small community . 
 when news of an illegitimate son surfaced , jean decided that she 'd suffered enough . 
 she left the village of autumn for an exciting job in laran city , and the chance of a fresh start , she never looked back . 
 when the divorce came through , the whiskey started to flow , and the sheriff ballooned into the caricature that you see today . 
 with an ineffective sheriff , the village fell into darker times , and petty crimes were on the rise and left unpunished . 
 the miners became belligerent , and overly demanding of the village inhabitants . 
 once tom jantz and his posse arrived , the village embraced him as the new lawman , unofficially giving him the mantle of lawmaker and law-keeper . 
 tom 's powers grew , and with the village 's consent , he started to manipulate the situation until nothing happened in the village of autumn without tom 's consent . 
 it was n't too long before the village locals began to resent the control that tom had acquired , but it was too late . 
 black shirted enforcers were already in place to ensure any dissenting voices were quickly silenced , and the mine 's interests were placed at the front of any discussion or decision . 
 it had seemed like an eternity , but the small convoy had been driving for about ninety minutes when the chief pulled the jeep sharply to the right to exit onto a dirt road concealed by bushes and trees . 
 the road was n't marked , and would have easily been missed by the casual observer . 
 the jeep rocked on the uneven road , tossing its occupants from side to side , but it was n't long before the overhanging trees enveloped the road entirely , blotting out the sunlight as they moved deeper into the forest . 
 the truck followed closely behind with their lights flashing in the jeep 's mirror due to the bumps and dips in the dirt road . 
 silence fell within the truck as they realized how deep into the woods they had travelled , and how they were now part of the hunt . 
 the forest encroached upon the road throwing obstacles at them where they needed to carefully drive around large boulders . 
 a large rock outcrop cut into the road 's path and the vehicles had to slow down as they drove precariously over the uneven surface . 
 after about an hour the dirt road disappeared completely , leaving an exceptionally narrow mud track . 
 the truck was wider than the leading jeep , and it struggled to fit within the narrow path . 
 twigs and branches scraped the sides of the advancing truck . 
 still they pressed onwards until they reached a small grassy open clearing . 
 the jeep pulled to a stop and the truck parked along its side . 
 raj gave dan a reassuring smile . 
 the chief gripped the steering wheel tightly as if to hang on to this moment ; he turned the key and killed the idling engine , `` well men , we 're here ; this is as far as the jeep goes , we 'll have to go in on foot the rest of the way . 
 grab your gear guys . '' 
 the chief unsnapped his seat belt and slid out of the vehicle . 
 tom and kevin had left the truck relieved to have made it through the narrow route . 
 `` i was hoping that i did n't have to reverse back out of that road , it 's pretty narrow , '' said tom feeling relieved . 
 `` grab your gear ; we have about a ninety minute walk ahead of us , we 're not there yet . '' 
 the chief pointed to a small gap in the trees revealing a footpath heading further north . 
 the men gathered what they could carry and loaded their strong bodies with large backpacks . 
 tom and kevin openly carried weapons , while the rest of the men had packed theirs leaving their hands free . 
 the chief sidled up to kaan , `` do you have your knife ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 kaan gave the chief a quizzical look . 
 `` good . 
 keep it handy . 
 we wo n't meet any animal or the beast on our way in ; that i 'm certain of . 
 what i 'm more worried about are those two cowboys , armed to the teeth . 
 i do n't trust them as we enter the dense part of the forest and i 'm not sure what crazy plans they might have . 
 do you follow me ? '' 
 the monk nodded , knowing exactly what the chief meant , `` i want you at the back of the line , the trail will only allow for single file , and i 'll lead from the front . 
 i want you at the back where you can keep an eye on these two characters . 
 trust me , there 's nothing to worry about in here except them . 
 do n't let them slow down and drop to the back of the line , then we all become vulnerable . '' 
 the monk nodded as tom and kevin approached , `` we ready fellas ? '' 
 inquired tom . 
 the chief responded quickly , `` yes we are . 
 the trail leads due north and is very narrow , so we 'll have to go in single file , and stay tight . 
 i 'll lead and kaan will bring up the rear . '' 
 kevin flashed a look of disappointment towards tom , easily giving away their previously agreed plans while tom did n't flinch ; the chief glanced at the automatic weapons that the mine guys held in their hands , `` this trail is rocky and uneven , make damn sure you have your safety switches locked on those weapons , we would n't want any accidents would we . '' 
 tom remained motionless , but kevin reached down immediately and applied the safety latch on his weapon . 
 as the chief walked away in the direction of the trail , he whispered instructions to dan , `` go to the back with kaan . '' 
 kevin moved closer to tom , `` why are we paying these hunters from the big city ? 
 the chief seems to be running the show , not them . '' 
 tom snapped a response , `` the chief will be no good when we find the bear , let 's hope these jokers know what they 're doing then . '' 
 the walking order was now established , as they entered the roughly cut trail ; the chief led the way , followed by raj , tom , kevin , and dan , with the monk bringing up the rear . 
 the trail was uneven and covered in loose rocks , protruding tree roots , wet shale and rough grass . 
 overhanging tree limbs and tall ferns made the walking difficult , but no one complained . 
 they remained quiet , as if a vow of silence had been taken , with no one wanting to draw attention to their group . 
 the forest was deathly quiet , the absence of sound , movement , and generally any sign of life , was eerie . 
 the steady breathing of the men carrying the heaviest loads was the only sound to be heard . 
 nobody asked for a rest , as the group pressed onwards for well over an hour . 
 the forest grew dense , then cleared for a while , followed by dense patches again . 
 it seemed longer than everyone expected , but finally , they reached an elevated jagged rocky ridge , where the forest thinned out . 
 they began to climb as the chief expertly navigated through a dangerous path across the sharp rocky outcrop leading to a hidden rock ledge . 
 the group turned to look at the elevated view offered by the vista across the treetops and down through a sweeping valley . 
 the chief interrupted , `` here , '' he said pointing away from the wide stone ledge towards the dark entrance to a hidden cave . 
 `` we 'll setup camp here tonight . '' 
 the cave was quite deep , with a narrow entrance that offered little comfort with its dirt floor and rough walls . 
 as the men started to unpack their gear , raj whispered to the chief , `` is this the place ? 
 is this your sacred place ? '' 
 the chief looked at the men to ensure they were out of earshot , `` yes , this is the place . 
 the beast is looking for this cave , he will smell us ; he 'll come and get us in his own good time . 
 we 'll need to setup camp and wait for him . 
 the cave offers good protection with that narrow path being the only access point . 
 let 's get organized and think about our defense plan . '' 
 the afternoon seemed tense , the time was filled with unpacking and arranging the arsenal of weapons and supplies . 
 raj and dan paid particular attention to the men from the mine , not trusting them an inch . 
 the chief collected wood and made a fire in the mouth of the cave . 
 he smudged the site to pay homage to his ancestors and readied the fire to be lit as the evening 's chilly air approached . 
 while collecting wood , the chief also gathered some corrian ferns in a leather pouch attached to his belt . 
 the temperature had started to fall as the sun fought hard to stay above the tree line and supply warmth . 
 once the chief returned to the ledge , he used the ferns to create a sap-like liquid as he ground the ferns in a stone hollow . 
 he carefully gathered the thick liquid with a rag and wiped the powerful poisonous residue onto the sharpened blade of his axe . 
 the chief knew conventional weapons would not harm the karcon ; his ancestors had used corrian poison together with a powerful spiritual artifact , such as the elder 's axe . 
 he remembered the stories of previous encounters and knew what he must do . 
 eventually the evening 's chill and the darkness had crept onto the stone ledge , the cool night 's air had informed the chief that it was time to light the fire . 
 the men gathered around the fire for welcome warmth and some banal conversation . 
 it was a comment from kevin that suddenly changed the mood . 
 kevin studied the chief who was staring into the dancing flames of the fire , his attention shifted to the two prolific hunters from the big city . 
 they looked calm , as did the monk ; it annoyed him . 
 kevin could n't hold it inside anymore , `` i have to ask , ` cos i really need to know this , what the hell is out there ? 
 i mean , what exactly are we hunting out there ? 
 because , i 've got this strange feeling that you guys know . '' 
 a heavy silence fell upon the group , more deafening than the silence of the forest and time seemed to stand still for a few moments . 
 raj was the first to recover from kevin 's bluntness , `` in all of our previous conversations you two have been convinced that it 's a large bear - that 's what you told us this was . 
 tell me , has some doubt crept into your mind ? 
 do you think it could be something else ? '' 
 kevin fidgeted anxiously , while tom glared at him , uncertain of what he would say next , `` nice and evasive , answering a question with a question . 
 do you know what we 're hunting ? 
 do you know what 's out there ? '' 
 shouted tom , raising his voice with the first strains of fear coursing through his question . 
 to everyone 's surprise it was kaan that sprang to his feet and calmly walked away from the fire , and its comforting warmth . 
 he walked to the edge of the rock ledge and stopped inches from the sudden drop . 
 `` gentlemen , '' he said , inserting a long pause to ensure he had their full attention . 
 `` we do n't know exactly what we 're facing , but we do know it 's not a bear . 
 i can tell you with some certainty , it 's not a bear . '' 
 `` and how exactly would you know what this thing is monk ? 
 is a bow and arrow going to stop such a beast ? 
 you 're not being honest with us . '' 
 tom was agitated and his voice was raised sufficiently to carry a long way into the dark forest night . 
 `` who the hell are you , and why are you really here ? 
 these guys are supposed to be the hunting experts , not you ! '' 
 the monk turned to face the fire , `` you 're right it 's time we were honest . '' 
 the chief shot him a worried look knowing the men would not accept the truth . 
 `` we 're here to kill a beast . 
 this is not like any animal you 've seen before , but i have . 
 i 've been sent by the church , to help these hunters kill this beast . '' 
 `` the church ? '' 
 echoed kevin . 
 `` is this the devil or some kind of possessed evil beast ? '' 
 the chief adjusted his weight nervously , `` come now , we know the woods at night can make a man 's imagination run wild . 
 i think you 've been watching too many horror movies my friend . 
 what we have here is an animal from deep in the forest , rarely seen , and particularly nasty . 
 we need to kill it , before it kills us . 
 it has a taste for human flesh now , so it 's dangerous . '' 
 then , as if written in a corny script of a cheaply produced b-movie , a loud , deep , guttural howl , echoed across the wooded valley like a foghorn wails from a boat navigating its way through dense fog . 
 it continued for several sobering seconds making the hairs stand erect on the back of the men 's necks . 
 the monk knew it was the unmistakable sound of a karcon . 
 afterwards , there was nothing , only the sound of the crackling fire as it consumed the wooden branches . 
 the monk continued , `` he knows we 're here , he can smell us . 
 we 'll be safe tonight , for he wo n't attack six of us in the dark on this narrow ledge . '' 
 `` does he know where we are ? '' 
 inquired tom , trying not to show his fear . 
 `` yes , he can smell us , and he can smell the fire , and your loud shouting was a pretty good clue . 
 he knows exactly where we are , and that 's what we want . 
 he has to come to us . 
 we should never engage him in open woods , we 'd all die quickly . '' 
 kevin could n't resist , `` so monk , tell us , what does this thing look like ? '' 
 the monk smiled as he returned to his place by the fire , `` imagine the most fearsome werewolf you 've ever seen at the movies , now double its size , and that 's what we 're up against . '' 
 the chief held his breath while listening to the monk ; he exhaled and started to breath again . 
 some of the tribe elders had shared the legends of the chilling , forest stopping howl of a dark beast , but to hear it reverberating around the deserted forest was truly frightening . 
 the monk had performed an expert job of telling the truth while taking some liberties , and making necessary room for some omissions . 
 it returned to being a calm night , still dark and overcast , there was not a breath of wind , as the trees below kept a silent vigil . 
 the crackle of the fire seemed amplified against the backdrop of a wall of silence . 
 the chief decided that they 'd all had enough excitement for one night , `` we 'll be safe tonight , but we 'll rotate a watch . 
 two hour shifts , then we wake the next guy . 
 i 'll go first , kaan you 're next so get your heads down . 
 looks like we 'll need all our strength tomorrow , so try to get some rest . 
 reluctantly , the men assumed their sleeping positions , but the eerie howling noise haunted their dreams . 
 both raj and dan could n't sleep , in complete contrast to the loud , rhythmic , snoring noises , emanating from kevin and tom . 
 the chief was facing the path with his body turned away from the sleeping men . 
 it was dan that noticed it first ; the faintest flicker of a movement caught his keen eye against the darkness . 
 he lifted his head from his makeshift pillow just as a bright crimson butterfly fluttered past his curious gaze . 
 raj moved his body carefully to determine if dan had seen the sign ; they both knew it was time to go . 
 * * * * * the fifth realm - earth chapter 13 : first day at school westtown , pennsylvania , u.s.a. , 2014 `` i 've never let school interfere with my education . '' 
 raj was the first to wake from his deep sleep , liz woke them from their slumber by knocking at the apartment door , and raj knew he did n't have much time , `` i 'm coming liz , hold on , i 'll be right there . '' 
 raj turned quickly in dan 's direction , `` listen to me , and remember , everything that barnes knows about hunting , tracking , weapons , and fighting , will always stay with you . 
 those skills , those instincts , and all of his experiences are part of you now . 
 every person that you become through the wonders of the dream cane will give you skills that you do n't even know you have . 
 you 'll see my friend ; you 're a changed man now . '' 
 raj hurried to the door switching gears effortlessly , `` hi liz , you caught us both napping again , '' said raj , while he unlocked and opened the door . 
 dan was still half asleep , still slumped in his chair as his weary looking mother entered the apartment . 
 `` come on kiddo , it 's been a long shift , and i 'm ready for bed . '' 
 dan moved to his feet slowly following his mother out of the apartment and into the hallway . 
 he was tired , excited , and relieved . 
 he looked forward to sleeping safely tonight , snug within his own comfortable bed . 
 liz looked tired ; she thanked raj but she really needed to go to bed and rest . 
 she was n't in the mood to talk , and for once , that was fine with dan , `` good night kiddo ! '' 
 she said , closing her bedroom door . 
 `` night mum , '' said dan , with the deathly howl of a karcon still ringing in his ears . 
 morning came swiftly , but dan had slept deeply and was rested . 
 no dreams or nightmares had interrupted his sleep , he felt good . 
 dan could hear the gurgling noise of the coffee maker and busy sounds emanating from the kitchen ; his mother was up and about . 
 he rolled out of bed still dressed in his pajamas , and stumbled into the kitchen yawning . 
 `` good morning sleepy head , i was going to give you another ten minutes before i came in to wake you up to start your big day . '' 
 she smiled and grabbed a breakfast bowl before pouring some cereal into it . 
 `` big day ? 
 what big day '' inquired dan , oblivious to her excitement ? 
 `` it 's your first day at a new school today , that 's always a big day ! '' 
 if dan was sleepy and uninterested when he entered the kitchen then his whole demeanor had changed in an instant . 
 he remembered that today was indeed his first day at john hollins public school . 
 dan had completely forgotten and was dreading this day , `` we have an appointment with mrs. oakley , at 9am , and then she 'll get you assigned to a class , and then the big fun begins , '' said liz , with a large smile plastered across her face . 
 dan stared at his bowl of cereal trying to imagine the day that lay ahead . 
 things had changed since his mother went to school . 
 the fact that he was the new kid , and a boy , meant he would be put through some serious bullying to introduce him to the school . 
 it happened in every school he 'd joined , and this one would not be different . 
 it did n't matter how nice the neighborhood was ; it was always the same . 
 liz had a good feeling about this school ; it was different with nice people , and a better class of kids . 
 dan was going to like this one and he was going to fit in . 
 the morning moved quickly as he ate , showered , and dressed in comfortable clothes - clothes that would blend in . 
 he chose a pair of black skater shoes , plain blue jeans , and a black backpack . 
 he selected a baggy blue t-shirt , with a small white stripe that ran from the collar to the hem . 
 he wore no logos or designs that would draw unnecessary unwanted attention . 
 the goal today was to blend in unnoticed . 
 liz walked with dan to john hollins public school 's administration building . 
 he noticed a few late stragglers , but most of the kids were already indoors by the time they entered the school . 
 a receptionist escorted them to the office of the headmistress , and dan shook her hand . 
 she seemed very nice and friendly , but they always do at the start . 
 his mother made small talk and soon she was leaving him with some lunch money and a worried smile . 
 mrs. oakley showed dan to his locker and allowed him to choose his four-digit padlock combination . 
 he chose the number ` 1701 , ' the number emblazoned across the front of the starship enterprise , from his favorite tv show , star trek . 
 dan was then led to a class in progress ; he sat at an empty desk within a class of about thirty students . 
 the teacher seemed friendly and she welcomed him to the class . 
 the teacher continued with her class where she talked about the history of the area , and the effects the civil war had on the local region . 
 dan listened but his mind wandered to the waishee tribe 's indian chief , the karcon , and the monk named kaan , barnes & colder , tom jantz and kevin waits , the asquith mine , and annie at autumn 's diner . 
 he was starting to get hungry , what he would n't give for a plate of pancakes and a cup of coffee at the diner right now . 
 dan secretly studied his classmates ; they seemed okay , as they listened to the teacher intently . 
 they did seem a cut above his previous school , for they were better dressed , better groomed , and were actually paying attention ; some were even taking notes ! 
 the teacher , ms. claridge , would become his home teacher . 
 she addressed the class and instructed them to take a thirty-minute break , `` dan and ray , can you two please come and see me now , the rest of you back in thirty minutes at this same room . '' 
 the children dispersed quickly , as if they 'd been excused for the whole day . 
 ray looked sheepish , `` what have i done wrong miss ? '' 
 he opined . 
 `` nothing , but i need you to do me a favor . 
 this is dan , he 's new , and you mr. smeade , are going to help him through his first recess , you need to show him the ropes , introduce him around , and show him where he can get a snack . 
 you know , the stuff you men do on recess , and when the bell rings , bring him back here in one piece , got it ? '' 
 ray looked like he 'd been duped , `` yup , i 'm the designated baby sitter for the fresher . '' 
 `` off you go , and behave yourself . 
 leave your stuff here , and i 'll lock the room , '' she raised her voice to inform the class most of which had already left . 
 the two boys exited the classroom and spilled into the packed hallway . 
 `` i 'm ray , '' said the wiry boy with a shock of blonde hair , extending his hand . 
 `` dan , '' he said , shaking ray 's hand firmly . 
 `` ok dan , just act cool , and stick with me , if you do n't want to be beaten up . '' 
 ray hurried down the hallway to a large common room . 
 this is where you get your grub , at lunch time they serve food over there , '' he said , pointing to a serving station that was currently empty . 
 `` if you 're hungry now , we have a delectable array of choices , dispensed by these lovely machines , and let me tell you , they 're more polite than the people who serve us food at lunch time . 
 want anything ? '' 
 dan thought about it , `` yeah , i 'm starving . '' 
 `` stick your coins in here and then choose your poison . '' 
 ray had already selected a number on the keypad when a mars bar dropped into the catcher at the base of the vending machine . 
 dan grabbed some coins from his jeans pocket and selected the same . 
 they ate their chocolate bars and walked towards a side door . 
 ray opened the door and motioned for dan to follow , `` ok dan , here 's the rules to keep your face in one piece . 
 see the benches over there , '' ray pointed and dan nodded . 
 `` those benches are off limits , they 're reserved for the cool kids , and right now you 're not one of them . 
 the in-crowd gathers there , know what i mean , the best looking girls , the jocks , the rich kids and the good-looking people . 
 if you go over there , well you 're looking for a fight . 
 over here , is where you and i will hang out , but there are rules . 
 the fence and the trees are too far away . 
 that 's where the shady deals are going down , and where all of the fights happen . 
 far away from prying eyes and the teachers do n't venture over there . 
 it 's the most dangerous place in the yard , got it ? '' 
 again , dan nodded . 
 `` this area here is safe , it 's where you need to blend in , and keep your eyes to the ground for the first few weeks , until you get some friends . 
 friends mean protection , and right now you 're out there on your own . 
 i 'm showing you the ropes , but lets get one thing clear , i do n't know you , not well enough to get my face rearranged because i 'm sticking up for you ok ? '' 
 dan nodded from experience , `` yeah , i get the drill . '' 
 `` good , you learn fast . 
 the teachers only care about what happens inside the school grounds . 
 inside you 're safe , but remember , before and after school , you have to leave the safety zone . 
 so it 's best to blend in and try to go unnoticed . 
 i 've been here for four years , and the best looking girls still do n't know who i am , '' ray cracked a smile , and dan laughed . 
 `` that 's good , a sense of humor will go a long way to surviving john hollins public school . 
 let 's go back inside . '' 
 ray and dan chatted about life at the school , the daily routine , weird teacher habits , and generally how to survive , and most important , who to avoid . 
 ray was warming up to dan , in truth , he liked him , and he seemed ok . 
 when the bell rang they returned to their homeroom , and ms. claridge . 
 she watched them enter the classroom , `` have you taught him all the bad tricks ? '' 
 she said , with a wry smile . 
 ms. claridge knew ray was a good kid ; he was careful , attentive , and had good grades . 
 `` yup , showed him where all the land mines are , '' said ray , half joking . 
 `` alright then , let 's get settled down , and we can learn about the south 's role in this war . '' 
 ms. claridge was a pretty good teacher ; she described the civil war in a way the class could relate to . 
 she made it interesting and engaging . 
 she involved the class , and was never patronizing or superior . 
 dan could see why the kids listened , because she was fun , and the morning flew by . 
 when the bell went for lunch , dan looked at ray like a lost puppy . 
 ray made his way over and asked dan , `` do you remember how to get to the lunch area ? '' 
 dan nodded . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i ca n't come with you , i 'm working on an assignment today , and we 've got some computer time booked in the lab , so you 're on your own this time i 'm afraid . '' 
 dan understood , he nodded and smiled , `` no problem , thanks for showing me the ropes . '' 
 as the class cleared out , dan headed towards the common room , and the lunch station he 'd been shown earlier . 
 it was n't too hard to find for he simply followed the steady stream of kids milling their way through the corridors in the same general direction . 
 with his backpack slung casually over his shoulder , he tried to blend in and act like he belonged . 
 he watched a boy in front of him join one of the food lines and followed suit . 
 after inching forward for about ten minutes , he collected a tray , and followed the kid in front of him . 
 he was presented with various food options , and he chose the shepherd 's pie with vegetables . 
 he selected an orange juice from the dispenser , and paid for his meal using his lunch money . 
 that 's when it started to get tricky ; where was he going to sit ? 
 dan found a small , empty table for two , pushed against a wall in the far corner of the eating hall . 
 it was the perfect place to just blend in . 
 he sat at the table , re-arranged his plate , tray , cutlery , and drink , before he began to eat . 
 he kept his eyes on his food and did n't make direct eye contact with anyone sitting around him . 
 he managed to casually switch his attention between several conversations within earshot , as he entertained himself with other people 's issues , but he appeared conveniently dis-engaged by staring at his food . 
 dan sensed a figure standing perilously close to him ; he wished he 'd brought a book to hide within . 
 the catcher in the rye , or jamaica inn , would have provided a nice shield , where he could have disappeared , but that did n't always work . 
 the call of the wild paperback book got him into his last fight , and he 'd decided against reading books at school , he did n't need to provide additional ammunition for the bullies . 
 just then a girl 's sweet voice broke his concentration , `` native indian legends , '' she said . 
 dan raised his eyes from his plate of shepherd 's pie , and stared into the most beautiful brown eyes he 'd ever seen . 
 it was the girl from the library smiling at him , `` you 're the guy studying native indian legends , but you do n't look like you 're a native indian . 
 normally guys your age are trying to find art books containing dirty pictures , '' again she smiled , clearly teasing him . 
 `` i 'm kidding ! 
 i 'm ally and you are ? '' 
 `` dan , i 'm dan . '' 
 `` i 've never seen you around here before , are you new ? '' 
 `` first day , but do n't tell anyone , '' said dan , finally relaxing and flashing an awkward smile . 
 `` are you going to leave a girl standing here holding my tray , or are you going offer me a seat ? '' 
 she said , flicking her brilliant eyes towards the empty chair . 
 without waiting for his response ally moved her tray towards the table . 
 `` oh , sorry yes , please sit down . '' 
 dan pulled his tray towards him , allowing ally to slide her tray onto the table . 
 she wore a bright green t-shirt and black jeans . 
 dangling from her ears was a pair of silver earrings and she wore silver bangles on her wrist that clanged together when they hit the top of the table . 
 she 'd bought a small tuna sandwich that she proceeded to unwrap before taking a generous bite , `` ummm , this is so good , i 'm starving , and yes , i do eat normally , not like some of these supermodel wannabe 's , i 'm a normal girl , with a normal appetite , i actually like food , '' she said , diving in for another bite . 
 `` that 's good , '' said dan , the words seemed to stumble from his mouth . 
 ally stopped chewing , `` you poking fun at me ? '' 
 `` no , '' said dan , totally confused . 
 in an instant her serious frown line relaxed , the chewing started again , and her eyes twinkled . 
 `` so dan , which homeroom are you in ? '' 
 `` er , ms. claridge . '' 
 `` no way , you just got here , and they put you with claridge , you lucky toad . '' 
 ally took another enormous bite . 
 with a full mouth of food she mumbled , `` she 's the best . '' 
 she looked at dan 's half eaten shepherd 's pie and mumbled again , `` you do n't like your food ? '' 
 `` oh , yes , '' said dan , scooping a mouthful onto his fork , and shoveling it into his mouth . 
 ally smiled and her nose crinkled in an indescribably cute way . 
 dan was mesmerized . 
 he could feel the presence of another figure standing over his left shoulder . 
 when ally raised her head , her smile quickly disappeared . 
 dan turned to see a large framed boy , holding a super sized soda swishing around in a brightly colored paper cup , `` well this looks cozy ally , i did n't know that you liked to slum it with the idiots . 
 you should be sitting with us ally , and not getting your pretty clothes all stinky by hanging around with degenerates like this retard . '' 
 dan tried to remain calm but he wanted to punch this kid . 
 he was huge and towered over the pair of them . 
 ally swallowed the last bite of her sandwich and looked at the giant kid , `` this is ted , ted this is dan , he 's pretty smart , and he 's just started at our school , he 's new . '' 
 ally tried to sell it with a cute smile , but ted was n't buying it . 
 `` i do n't give a crap who he is , he 's a retard , and you should be sitting over there , with us . '' 
 ted moved towards ally grabbing her small forearm forcibly . 
 he started to tip the soda cup towards dan when something very strange started to happen . 
 dan 's instincts kicked in , and without thinking , he pushed his right forearm upwards to deflect the soda shower he was certainly going to wear . 
 soda splattered on the floor behind him . 
 he pushed himself to his feet , just in time to see ted let go of ally , and swing his left fist towards his face . 
 dan blocked the blow , by pushing his right forearm forcibly across ted 's arm . 
 frustrated in his inability to land a blow , ted took a step backwards and swung his foot towards dan , in an attempt to kick him . 
 dan used his hand to deflect the blow , and with a single controlled movement , landed one , short , sharp , punch , to his chin , which knocked ted out cold . 
 the common room erupted with shouts , jeers , and spontaneous applause . 
 ted was a known bully , and the little kid had just flattened him ; this was a popular move , but not for everyone . 
 an on-duty teacher was quickly on the scene administering aid for ted , and ordering dan to go and see mrs. oakley . 
 dan 's fighting instincts were so honed they 'd taken him by surprise . 
 he was ushered out of the common room by a male teacher who was marching him to the principal 's office . 
 `` barnes , '' mumbled dan , under his breath , `` i fight like barnes . '' 
 `` what , '' said the male teacher ? 
 `` he started it , '' said dan . 
 `` does n't matter , '' said the male teacher , pointing to a small row of chairs , `` sit and wait . '' 
 when dan was called into the principal 's office , mrs. oakley seemed to go easy on dan , she knew ted had a bad reputation as a bully , and she knew it was dan 's first day . 
 she lectured him on fighting and warned him not to fight at school . 
 she gave him a stern warning but she was lenient , `` i wo n't inform your mother , or expel you this time , but there better not be a next time ; we have a zero tolerance rule here . '' 
 mrs. oakley asked dan to explain what happened . 
 he completed his story and was interrupted by a knock at the door . 
 `` stay here , '' she said , as she left the office . 
 after a couple of minutes she returned , `` we have witnesses that agree with your version of events . 
 seems like you did n't start this one , but you certainly finished it . 
 ted 's a bully , and we know that . 
 dan , you have to tread carefully now , ted has two older brothers who both attend this school . 
 they 'll be looking for you , and you have to stay calm . 
 i can overlook this but if i see you in here again for fighting , i 'm going to have to suspend you . '' 
 dan nodded , accepting the position mrs. oakley had outlined . 
 he was going to have to address these brothers , but he needed to do this outside of the school grounds . 
 as dan left her office she knew he 'd be back . 
 dan received strange looks and nods of appreciation from the school 's students for the rest of the day . 
 he tried desperately to stay out of trouble . 
 afternoon break was spent in the common room where he stayed under the nose of the supervising teacher . 
 returning back to class , he caught a glimpse of ally ; she looked worried . 
 before taking his seat ray managed to slip him a message , `` hey man , its all over school , the smith brothers are gearing up for a wrecking after school , you might want to slip out the back way , just saying . '' 
 dan smiled with a reassured air of confidence , but the truth was , he was far from being confident . 
 could he handle this ? 
 would he get expelled and ruin the whole setup ? 
 his mother was finally happy , he 'd just found raj , and now , because of this idiot , he faced being expelled , and possibly moved on again to another school . 
 he could n't bear that . 
 the afternoon ended with his mind wandering to the impending confrontation . 
 raj 's words kept ringing in his ears . 
 he 'd inherited barnes ' fighting skills , surely that would be enough to see off two schoolyard bullies . 
 he had to trust his instincts ; but he could n't hurt them badly . 
 perhaps it was best to just slip out the back way . 
 he knew he 'd be hounded until the confrontation occurred . 
 his mind was made up , they wanted a show , and he was going to give them one , but it had to occur away from the school grounds . 
 classmates would occasionally sneak a look at dan , to evaluate his chances and his demeanor . 
 when dan returned the look , they 'd always look away quickly , afraid of what might follow . 
 when the bell finally rang , he grabbed his books and quickly stuffed them into his backpack . 
 ray was there in a flash . 
 `` dan , i 'll show you the back way . '' 
 `` thanks ray , '' dan said , with the hint of fear running through his soft voice , `` but i think i need to face them and deal with this . '' 
 `` are you kidding me , there 's two of them , and they 're both big muppets , they 'll kill you , and smile doing it ! '' 
 ray shuffled nervously , watching the gathering crowd loitering outside of the classroom . 
 dan could see ms. claridge getting suspicious , `` let 's go . '' 
 the two boys walked to the classroom door quickly met by a group of kids hanging around the hallway and expecting to witness the inevitable . 
 dan walked past them all and out of the main school entrance and into the yard . 
 more kids waited , they would normally be rushing home . 
 `` where 's the best place to go , outside of the school grounds ? '' 
 he asked ray . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 just tell me , '' snapped dan , impatiently . 
 ray rubbed his face , `` there 's a council soccer pitch , just around the block , that 's where the fights usually take place . 
 they 'll be waiting for you there . '' 
 two boys approached , dan did n't recognize either of them , `` you dan ? '' 
 said the pimply one . 
 `` who wants to know ? '' 
 said dan , acting tough . 
 `` i 've been told to tell you to head to clarke 's field , your welcoming committee will be there to greet you . 
 me and eddy will be happy to escort you , so you do n't get lost , you being new and all . '' 
 dan glanced at eddy , who did n't look like the smartest kid in the school , but could probably play linebacker on the school 's team . 
 `` it 's eddy and i , '' said dan , correcting his grammar . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 said the pimply kid , in utter confusion . 
 `` never mind , why do n't you lead the way , me being new and all , '' said dan sarcastically . 
 ray was amazed at this kid 's bravery or was it stupidity ? 
 he wanted to see this and tagged along with the escort party . 
 a small group of kids walked calmly through the main gates and turned left , away from dan 's home and normal route . 
 they walked a couple of blocks , before turning right , and walking up a small hill where clarke 's playing fields were located . 
 in the center of the playing fields was a soccer pitch . 
 a larger group of about seventy kids milled about expectantly , waiting for dan 's arrival . 
 the kids parted in front of him and formed a circle . 
 dan was amazed at the choreography , as if it had been rehearsed a thousand times , and executed flawlessly . 
 he found himself enveloped by a ring of nervous , excited , and jeering kids . 
 suddenly his escort party had fallen away and he found himself standing alone facing two , large , disheveled looking brutes . 
 one kid was tall and muscular , probably the oldest . 
 one kid was shorter but stocky , wide , and overweight . 
 together they approached him with hideous smiles attached to their smug looking faces . 
 the smith brothers were determined to exact revenge and could n't believe their luck as they faced this small , spindly looking kid , who could n't put up much of a fight . 
 they were surprised he actually turned up for the fight , and were looking forward to the carnage that would inevitably follow . 
 the chubby one hopped with excitement as he barked out his threat , `` no one takes a cheap shot at our brother and gets away with it ! 
 we 're the smith brothers , and you mess with one of us , you mess with all of us ! '' 
 it was a rousing speech , delivered in a passionate scream that incited the crowd to cheer . 
 dan felt unusually calm as he dropped his heavy backpack to the ground . 
 ` focus on the facts , focus on the movements , and do n't let the emotions determine your actions , ' said a calming voice , running through his mind . 
 barnes ' influence coursed through his body . 
 the taller-one of the brothers stepped forward , `` it 's time you suffer little man , '' he shouted , as he lunged forward and began to charge at dan . 
 dan remained silent , still , and calm , until the smith brother had almost reached him , and was within range . 
 dan fell to the ground quickly , propping himself with his cocked wrists , and spun around like a modern break-dancer , whipping his legs around in a circle . 
 like the blades of a propeller , his leg caught the shins of the charging brother sending him sprawling head first into the freshly mown grass . 
 he let out a surprised yelp , as he crashed hard into the ground . 
 dan sprung to his feet to meet the slower linebacker brother ; he managed to step aside and easily avoid the brutish thug 's desperate lunge . 
 he watched the boy trying to adjust his considerable weight while attempting to throw punches in a wild and uncoordinated manner . 
 it was happening so fast , that the baying crowd did n't have time to react to the unfolding sequence of events . 
 it was an incredible feeling for dan , as the whole fight sequence seemed to be happening in slow motion ; dan 's reflexes were so finely honed , it felt as if he had all the time in the world to make adjustments to his body , weight , balance , and posture . 
 dan could react ten times faster than his opponent ; it hardly seemed fair . 
 the brothers seemed to be running through mud , in slow motion , compared to the lightening speed of dan 's moves . 
 the linebacker brother was horribly off-balance , yet he contorted his bulky body in an attempt to land a punch on dan . 
 dan could see it coming and had anticipated his move ; he stepped to his left effortlessly before planting his weight firmly on his front foot . 
 in one fluid motion he unleashed a powerful uppercut punch . 
 the wild flailing movement of his opponent positioned the brother 's chubby chin perfectly as it headed downwards with some considerable force . 
 it collided with the swift uppercut full on , and as a result whipped the boy 's head backwards with great intensity . 
 his teeth and jawbone violently slammed shut , as the observing crowd let out a collective gasp . 
 the pinpoint accuracy of the punch , delivered with maximum ferocity , knocked the chubby kid out cold . 
 his large motionless body came to rest in a carpet of lush green grass . 
 dan spun around to see the taller brother angrily rising to his feet with a look of determination etched across his pimply face . 
 he swung a wild punch into the air , followed by another that missed horribly . 
 dan remained upright keeping light on his feet with his fists held high to protect his head and face . 
 the boy looked gangly and uncoordinated , as he wailed punch after punch . 
 dan was n't worried , as the kid expended energy hitting nothing but air . 
 the boy was advancing with each punch ; he moved closer and closer as dan patiently waited . 
 finally dan felt he was within range and whipped out one single powerful jab . 
 he backed the punch with his entire body weight and it landed squarely on the nose of his opponent . 
 a splatter of blood streamed across his face , as he recoiled from the direct hit . 
 the crunching sound of bone , as his nose broke cleanly , reverberated through the encroaching crowd . 
 the boy fell to the ground , instantly clutching his blood soaked face . 
 breathing became difficult as he spit up blood that was streaming into his mouth . 
 he lay on the ground conceding defeat as silence fell upon the crowd . 
 it was over so quickly but it had been an awesome display of effective and efficient fighting . 
 two succinct and accurate punches had been thrown , both in self-defense . 
 at that moment , dan noticed something that had previously escaped his attention . 
 nudging through the crowd , partially hidden behind the fat face of a gingered haired boy , was a beautiful girl . 
 her face still etched with worry , but it was unmistakable ; ally had come to watch the events unfold . 
 dan did n't gloat or shout about his victory , he simply picked up his backpack , and walked away , heading home and not stopping to acknowledge the congratulations offered by the admiring crowd . 
 dan hoped this would be the end of it , but he was skeptical . 
 dan had hardly broken into a sweat , and received no cuts , bruises , or wounds . 
 he would be able to go home , act normal , and not arose his mother 's suspicions . 
 she did n't have to know what had happened , because he knew she would n't be pleased , even if he did just stick up for himself . 
 once clear of the crowd , dan began to run , it was n't out of fear ; he just wanted to be alone . 
 he wanted that whole episode to be behind him and forgotten , as he ran , a satisfied smile forced its way across his face , as he reflected on how brutally efficient his fighting skills had become . 
 he did n't even know how he 'd flattened the first kid with that spinning kick . 
 he felt brave , and it felt good . 
 dan had never felt adequate ; his small frame meant he was always a victim , and an easy target for the bullies . 
 as a shy , socially inept kid , he did n't exude the confidence required to survive within the cruel world of a new school . 
 with his newly acquired skills , delivered through the dream cane , all of that had suddenly changed . 
 dan was a new kid , a new man . 
 he ran through the streets and did n't stop until he 'd reached the door leading to his apartment . 
 out of breath , he grabbed his keys and entered his home . 
 dan 's mother had made a special dinner to celebrate his first day at school . 
 he appreciated the gesture and they enjoyed each other 's company . 
 she asked him questions about his day , his classes , his teachers , if he 'd made any new friends , and if he needed anything . 
 she asked him about his lunch and how long it took him to walk home . 
 dan managed to keep his cool and supply answers that satisfied her curiosity . 
 she tidied the dinner plates away quickly ; she wanted to get ready for her evening shift . 
 `` dan , '' she called out with some urgency , `` start getting ready , i need you ready to go see raj , in fifteen minutes . '' 
 if liz only knew how dan had been counting down the minutes for this time of the evening to arrive . 
 he did n't need to be told twice , dan was excited , for he 'd been looking forward to resuming his adventure with raj . 
 his newly acquired fighting skills had filled him with more confidence . 
 dan changed his clothes and was ready , and waiting to leave quickly . 
 liz took his enthusiasm as his way of supporting her , `` you 're a good boy ; i really appreciate your cooperation . '' 
 she smiled at him with a sympathetic smile that he did n't understand . 
 a knock at raj 's apartment door signaled their arrival ; as usual , liz was in a hurry . 
 the door swung open and raj greeted liz with his normal reassuring smile . 
 `` hi raj , i have to run , i do n't want to be late . 
 see you boys at the normal time . '' 
 liz scurried away and dan smiled at raj , as he entered the apartment . 
 dan sat in his usual chair and fidgeted , as raj locked the door . 
 `` i have to tell you something , but you have to promise not to tell my mum , '' he blurted excitedly . 
 `` i was in a fight today , well actually three fights . '' 
 raj crinkled his forehead in a disapproving way , and fell back into his comfy chair . 
 `` who started the fights ? '' 
 `` they did , all of them . 
 three different boys , all brothers , but they started it every time '' dan sounded defensive , unsure of raj 's reaction . 
 `` how many punches did you throw ? '' 
 he inquired , knowing the answer . 
 `` three . 
 that 's all i needed , '' dan smiled , and at that moment he felt nine feet tall . 
 `` good , '' nothing wrong in ending a fight , as long as you did n't start it , or deserve it . 
 `` i know you can fight now , but the trick is not to show off , or draw unnecessary attention to yourself . 
 one punch each sounds pretty good to me . 
 just do n't get too used to it , do n't get too cocky , and do n't start to like fighting . 
 it 's a mugs game that will eventually get you barred from school , and one day , you 'll find a better fighter than you . 
 do you hear me ? '' 
 dan nodded . 
 he knew raj was right , but he also felt good about how he 'd handled himself today . 
 `` ok , wan na get back on that ledge and face that karcon ? '' 
 dan straightened his slumping posture , and pushed his small frame to the edge of the comfy chair . 
 `` come on , let 's go . '' 
 raj stared at the young boy , `` are you absolutely sure ? '' 
 * * * * * the fourth realm - vianna chapter 14 : facing your demons the village of autumn , the mine district . 
 `` a hero is no braver than an ordinary man , but he is brave five minutes longer . '' 
 the night on the ledge passed without incident , each man took his watch and the monk 's prediction of safety proved to be correct . 
 the karcon was outnumbered facing a battle scene that would place him at a disadvantage , which gave the men the luxury of elevation , darkness , and a narrow rugged approach to the ledge . 
 the karcon had decided to wait until sunrise to initiate the fight , when he had the advantage of dawn 's light , a burned out fire , and the blinding rays of the rising sun at his back , blinding his enemies eyes . 
 the men were pleased to have conquered the night and began to wake from their slumber . 
 as the sun 's strong rays started to clear the treetops its welcoming warmth flooded the rocky ledge . 
 the chief watched as the men took it in turns to relieve themselves by urinating over the rocky ledge . 
 the monk smiled for he knew this would drive the karcon crazy with the scent of humans drifting through the clean crisp forest air . 
 within minutes the rocky ledge was now fully immersed with the early morning rays of the rising sun . 
 the monk nodded at the chief , as he reached under his robe to feel for the handle of the sacred knife of princess athena . 
 the chief shuffled to his feet and sauntered casually over to raj and dan . 
 he squatted while reaching to feel the axe of his forefathers ; the blade stained with crushed corrian ferns , held in place by his leather belt . 
 `` get on your feet , and get armed , the karcon will be coming soon , real soon . '' 
 the worried looks quickly exchanged meant he was serious . 
 raj slowly grabbed his weapons , and loaded the clips to arm them . 
 dan casually walked over to the weapons bag , and began to arm himself with guns , clips , and knifes . 
 the mining men had noticed the activity , and were n't falling for it - no matter how subtle their movements and activities had been . 
 tom walked from the edge of the ledge holding a large semi-automatic weapon suspended from his shoulder by a large thick green strap . 
 `` what 's going on boys ? 
 why are we all armed to the teeth ? '' 
 he 'd barely got the word ` teeth ' out of his mouth , when a movement occurred so quickly it was hard to see , and shocked the group of men into action . 
 a large dark mass had stealthily crept up the narrow path and was approaching the ledge . 
 the sun 's blinding rays had disguised the karcon lying motionless behind a large jagged boulder ; he 'd waited for the right moment to strike . 
 tom jantz was the first casualty . 
 he had no time to raise his weapon , or even fire off a single bullet in his defense . 
 the karcon had leapt forward , swiping his large paw across the neck of the hapless man . 
 blood sprayed the dark colored rocks ; the force of the blow almost severed tom 's head clean off . 
 he was knocked backwards with so much force , that the chief of mine security quickly disappeared over the edge of the rocky ledge , falling to his certain death on the jagged rocks below . 
 the karcon turned menacingly to face the startled men , rising effortlessly onto his hind legs . 
 the beast stood about nine feet tall , his dense , dark fur , covering his muscular frame . 
 he growled and snarled at the men , hoping to scare them . 
 the beast had long pointed ears , laying flat against his head in an aggressive manner . 
 he snarled and shook his head , saliva dripped from his long , large snout . 
 his lips were pulled back tightly , exposing his impressively large pointed teeth . 
 the beast paced before issuing a warning , a deep loud growl , which echoed through the mouth of the cave ; he opened his jaws , snaked his long tongue around his mouth , before shaking his head wildly and stomping his feet into the hard rock . 
 the beast had large black inset eyes , which glared at the men in an unforgiving way . 
 the sun had crested behind him , blinding the men and making the edges of the beast 's considerable frame a blur . 
 kevin was the first to react ; he reached for a weapon , and fired numerous shots deep into the beast 's chest . 
 the sound was deafening as round after round hit the animal . 
 the karcon absorbed the bullets , but a whizzing sound behind the animal indicated they had passed straight through , and were flying into the valley below . 
 in a rush of blood to the head , kevin advanced towards the beast , firing constantly . 
 the karcon retaliated to this annoying threat . 
 faster than anyone thought he could move , the large animal charged at kevin , sinking his teeth into the man 's neck , and tossing his lifeless body high onto the rocks , at the side of the entrance to the cave . 
 the shooting stopped and the beast rose to pound its unharmed chest . 
 the monk kept his gaze firmly locked upon the karcon , but whispered to the others , `` the karcon absorbs negative violent energy , its like food to him , and it only makes him stronger . 
 dan was petrified , and quietly moved closer to raj . 
 `` do n't shoot him , '' instructed the monk . 
 he felt for the sacred knife of princess athena , still in its sheath attached to his belt . 
 the monk calmly stepped forward from behind the dying fire to face the beast , and his destiny . 
 he 'd travelled far for this moment , and had dedicated his entire life 's training for this one selfless act of courage . 
 the monk removed his robe , pulled out the knife with his right hand , and assumed the monkey pose , from the kedden style of martial arts . 
 for a big man kaan was elegant , powerful , and nimble . 
 the monk hoped the karcon would attack , bringing him close enough that he could strike him with the sacred knife . 
 the karcon was wary , he 'd seen the weapon being drawn , and he was intrigued by the unusual pose his next opponent had adopted . 
 he growled his displeasure , and fell to all fours where he could move , strike , and maneuver , with more agility . 
 the karcon approached warily , walking cautiously in an imaginary circle , and keeping his distance , as he sized up the monk . 
 the men stood frozen , as they watched the monk 's courageous act of confronting the beast . 
 the dark shaggy fur glistened between the karcon 's shoulder blades , as the sun illuminated the back of the impressive beast . 
 occasionally the monk would adjust his weight , while holding the monkey pose , and taunting the beast . 
 the karcon did n't rush into accepting the monk 's invitation to engage , for he knew this foe would prove more challenging than the two simpletons before . 
 the beast growled , and swiped his considerable paw outwards in a warning gesture , but the monk would simply back up elegantly , and re-adjust his stance . 
 this dance continued until the karcon saw an opportunity . 
 the monk adjusted his weight , shifting from one foot to another , and the karcon made his move . 
 he lunged forward swiping his clawed paw in the direction of the monk 's abdomen . 
 the monk had anticipated this strike , and moved gracefully through the monkey pose to avoid the blow . 
 he transitioned into the sacred snake pose , allowing him to wield the knife and strike the beast hard with its cutting edge . 
 the monk was surprised by the intelligence of the karcon , for he 'd anticipated this move . 
 the paw swipe was merely a rouse , to reveal the monk 's plan . 
 the swipe was half-hearted , and quickly withdrawn , allowing the beast to lunge forward with his other paw . 
 the monk thrust his knife forward with a cutting motion narrowly missing by inches but he only managed to cut thin air . 
 the beast rounded on the monk with a full-fledged blow , dragging his razor sharp claws across the body of the monk , who received the force of the blow . 
 it ripped into the monk 's flesh with searing pain , followed by the force of the blow , which propelled the monk into the air . 
 he landed forcefully onto the sharp rocks , and lay motionless , bleeding heavily from the deep abdominal wounds . 
 the sacred knife was knocked from his hands and lay in the dirt , glinting in the rising sun . 
 the men were stunned , as the karcon snorted a satisfied grunt , as if to recognize his victory . 
 the karcon 's head was turned in the direction of the stricken monk when the chief decided that was his opportunity to catch the beast off guard , and fulfill his destiny . 
 he reached for his axe and raced towards the unsuspecting beast , with the sharp edge of the axe raised high in the air . 
 the chief 's plan almost worked , as the beast admired his victory and gloated over the fallen monk . 
 the karcon saw a flash of color from the decorative beads adorning the chief 's jacket . 
 he rolled to the left throwing his heavy frame to the floor to avoid the blow . 
 the axe 's sharp edge hit the dirt-covered rock as the chief missed the karcon by the narrowest of margins . 
 from there , it was n't much of a contest , and the beast knew it . 
 the chief was old , and well past his fighting prime . 
 the beast stomped a large paw onto the forearm of the downed chief snapping the bones and liberating the axe . 
 the chief recoiled his shattered arm back in pain , as the axe remained embedded within the dirt ; it 's decorative handle pointing to the sky . 
 the beast felt sorry for the old man , and admired his bravery . 
 he slapped him hard with the outside of his large paw , propelling the chief into the rocks , like an irritating insect . 
 the force of the blow , and the hard landing , knocked the chief unconscious , as he lay strewn across the rocks . 
 the karcon stepped over the axe and approached the spent campfire . 
 raj and dan cowered behind the flimsy protective embers , `` we must n't let him enter the cave , '' shouted raj . 
 dan picked up a weapon and instinctively fired it at the beast ignoring the monk 's instructions . 
 the bullets whizzed through the beast , and exited with no effect . 
 dan had a look of pure fear etched across his face , `` what can we do ? '' 
 he shouted , in desperation . 
 raj reached for the monk 's bow and arrow . 
 perhaps the old ways were the best . 
 he raised the bow , and let the arrow fly , straight and true . 
 just like the bullet before , the arrow passed cleanly through the karcon adding to its anger and energy . 
 the beast rounded the pile of embers at the mouth of the cave . 
 raj and dan had backed into the cave 's entrance and were now trapped . 
 raj had exhausted his options . 
 traditional weapons were useless , and they were no match for this beast , in a good old-fashioned fight . 
 he felt sorry for dan , and he knew this was it ; they were both going to die unless he did something . 
 the beast approached cautiously , but he could smell fear and sensed victory . 
 once the beast had dispatched the two amateurs , he would be free to enter the cave , and activate a portal to connect with his realm . 
 the fight between darkness and light , good and evil , would be changed forever . 
 on all fours the beast approached , his dark emotionless eyes flicked between the two men standing before him . 
 raj suddenly had an idea , `` i 'm going to attack , and when i do , i want you to run like the wind . 
 run around him and do n't look back , he wants the cave ; he 's not that interested in you . 
 i want you to save yourself , you hear me ? '' 
 dan felt guilty about running away , but he was so scared he could n't come up with a better plan that might save them both . 
 dan nodded his acceptance , as words refused to form in his dried out mouth . 
 raj stooped to grab a large branch still protruding from the embers of the fire . 
 its end was charred and glowing , like brilliant red rubies embedded in the white ash that coated the branch . 
 as he waved it in front of the karcon , small pieces of ash filled the air . 
 the beast backed up while it calculated its next move . 
 dan edged himself to the opposite side of the cave 's mouth , readying himself to make a running move around the beast , when the opportunity presented itself . 
 raj used the charred pole like a pike , to thrust and jab at the beast , trying to keep him at a safe distance . 
 raj waved the branch with the burning embers frantically in an attempt to distract the karcon . 
 dan waited for his chance to bolt but the beast knew what raj was attempting to do . 
 raj tried to coax him to one side , to create a space wide enough for dan to run through . 
 the karcon was mean , he wanted the cave , but he wanted to end the fight with two more victims . 
 `` i 'm sorry i got you into this mess , '' shouted raj , prodding the glowing stick towards the snout of the great beast . 
 dan sized up the beast and wondered how they were going to survive . 
 how could they defeat this evil monster ? 
 he prayed for crimson butterflies to appear and a reprieve that would offer a chance to stop , plan , and re-group . 
 `` we 're in this together , '' shouted dan , wishing he were anywhere else . 
 dan tried to maneuver to the open space , but the beast kept clawing at his path to freedom and escape . 
 the karcon had angled them together where they would have to fight their last stand . 
 dan felt cold and very afraid . 
 what could they do ? 
 raj continued to wave the charred stick in the faint hope that it would provide some protection . 
 he raised his arm out to the side in a protective way to shield dan . 
 dan slipped his considerable frame behind raj and acted like the frightened boy that he was . 
 dan had never seen such a creature , full of hate , anger , and rage . 
 this was a beast created to kill , and feed on fear . 
 it was a perfect killing machine , indestructible . 
 dan felt something on his ankle ; he 'd kicked a weapon lying on the ground . 
 if he was to die , he wanted to go out fighting . 
 dan picked up the weapon and held it aloft . 
 a thought raced through his mind ; what if he shot at the eyes or the head . 
 it would be a difficult shot but the beast was close enough to try . 
 `` stay behind me , '' snarled raj , trying to protect the boy . 
 the karcon advanced sensing victory . 
 he faked a swipe of his large paw and got the reaction he 'd hoped for . 
 raj instinctively lunged forward with his stick only for the karcon to swipe at it with his other paw . 
 the protective stick flew from raj 's grip , as the force of the blow connected . 
 he tried to recover , but stumbled to the ground as the stick flew through the air and shattered upon the rocks . 
 they were now exposed and vulnerable . 
 dan knew he could n't wait any longer ; he had to act , he had to try to kill this thing . 
 this could be the end , and he did n't want to die . 
 a vision of his mother 's smiling face flashed through his mind . 
 it shocked him as she never smiles , and he 'd remembered just how happy she 'd been this last week . 
 it was the happiest he 'd seen her in years . 
 he raised his weapon and squeezed the trigger unleashing a volley of bullets upon the advancing karcon . 
 they whizzed through his chest as he let out a deafening roar . 
 it stopped the advancement of the karcon , but he remained as menacing as ever . 
 dan lifted the barrel of the gun slightly where the bullets ripped into the great beast 's throat and upwards into the snout . 
 dan was lucky , with raj on the ground , one of the bullets pierced the eye of the karcon causing him to recoil , and shake his head in an annoyed growl . 
 he ducked and dived to avoid the hail of bullets , clearly annoyed at the pluckiness of his weaker foe . 
 dan pressed the trigger , and tried to aim for the eyes . 
 black blood seeped from the wounded eye but the beast remained . 
 the eye darkened and the wound healed instantly . 
 for a few seconds the beast had been hurt , but suddenly two things happened which changed everything . 
 dan squeezed the trigger and the deafening noise and the violent vibration of the weapon ceased ; he was out of ammo . 
 the beast immediately recognized the silence , and proudly altered his posture to stand tall . 
 his eyes were now gleaming , healed , and focused upon dan . 
 this was the moment . 
 the karcon would make him pay for inflicting pain , and he would spare no mercy in taking this spiritual cave . 
 he straightened his back , pushed out his chest and opened his long muscular arms wide , exposing his razor sharp bloodied claws . 
 he lowered his snout and glared at the two men , enjoying the fear he induced and the imminent victory . 
 raj positioned himself in front of dan like a shield , he covered his head with his arms , in a protective , yet submissive gesture . 
 dan stared at the karcon 's head in a defiant last stand . 
 dan suddenly noticed the faintest glint of the sun 's reflection bouncing off a metallic surface , between the karcon 's pointed ears . 
 it was enough to draw his attention to the strange sight . 
 the chief 's sacred axe rose majestically , and plunged into the back of the karcon 's skull . 
 a dark ominous cloud poured from the beast 's head wound , like a swarm of black bees filling the air . 
 the darkness streamed upwards into the clouds emptying the form and mass of the ferocious animal that stood before them . 
 he fell onto all fours , seemingly losing his strength . 
 he howled loudly , but this time it was different . 
 it was n't the enraged , angry , vicious , howl of a predatory beast . 
 this was the howl of pain and suffering ; a defeated animal , knowing his time had come . 
 the great beast screamed in pain as his entire hulking frame evaporated into a dark ash cloud that blew away in the cool morning breeze . 
 transfixed upon the shriveling beast the men raised their eyes to see a figure stagger forward through the dust filled air . 
 it was n't the indian chief , for he lay injured and motionless upon the jagged rocks . 
 it was n't the mine guys , for they 'd been torn apart , and were not going to survive the brutality of their attacks . 
 it was n't the monk ; they could see him lying unconscious and badly injured , strewn across the rocks . 
 who was this strange figure ? 
 as he brushed aside a dark swirling cloud in front of him . 
 as the air cleared , the men squinted in the strong sunlight trying to focus on the stranger standing before them . 
 he staggered slightly , and wiped the sweat from his brow using his shirt 's sleeve . 
 with his face hidden , his uniform became clear , and a familiar patch sewn on his shirt revealed his identity . 
 his timing could not have been any better , with the beast stunned by the bullets , his vision weakened and his anger clouding his judgment , the courageous sheriff had stumbled across what he thought was a massive bear . 
 he knew his firearm was not loaded , a precaution he 'd taken for the last year , not trusting his drunken state . 
 he never told the people of the village , because they did n't need to know . 
 he 'd seen the axe and courageously attacked the giant beast , striking him with a full blow to his skull . 
 a mixture of adrenaline and fear had propelled the drunken sheriff to leap into the air and strike the beast with all of his strength . 
 what happened next was a complete shock to the sheriff , he 'd often hallucinated , but this seemed so real as the large bear simply evaporated in front of his eyes . 
 looking stunned , the men caught the chief before he crumpled into a drunken heap onto stone surface of the ledge . 
 `` you 're a hero , '' shouted dan . 
 `` what the hell did i just see ? '' 
 said the sheriff still confused . 
 raj took over , `` a very large bear , you fatally injured him . 
 he rolled off the ledge . '' 
 raj winked at dan . 
 `` he evaporated , '' said the sheriff , rubbing his head . 
 `` do n't be daft sheriff , he fell wounded over the ledge , and you 're a hero , thank you for saving our lives . '' 
 the sheriff reeked of whiskey , but basked in the adoration and praise . 
 raj ran over to the chief to see if he was alive , he was badly wounded , but he was regaining consciousness . 
 the monk was barely alive but in a bad way . 
 `` how did you find us ? '' 
 inquired dan , excited to be alive . 
 `` i 'd been drinking and i could n't drive home . 
 i went back to the hotel to sleep in my car , after i had breakfast at the diner , and overheard you guys talking about the lookout point and the hunt . 
 i slept it off , and followed your route the next day . 
 i saw the truck and the jeep , and i knew about this ridge ; my father told me about this place when i was a kid . 
 he told me it was a sacred indian place . 
 i heard the growling , and the shots , and figured the hunt was in full swing . 
 so i followed the sound . 
 i passed the body of tom jantz at the bottom of the ridge . 
 i take it they both did n't make it ? '' 
 `` no , '' said raj , returning to the conversation , `` and yet you still came to help us . 
 you 're either stupid or really brave . 
 i want to thank you for being really brave , and for saving our lives . '' 
 the sheriff puffed his chest out , and imagined the praise he would get when he returned to autumn . 
 the men managed to carry the injured out from the brush and loaded them into the waiting vehicles . 
 both were rushed to hospital , where unfortunately the monk succumbed to his horrific injuries , but the chief recovered . 
 dan had the presence of mind to retrieve the axe , and the sacred knife . 
 the chief kept both artifacts in case the karcon , or any other incarnation of evil , returned to autumn . 
 the men used the dream cane to make one last return to the village of autumn . 
 they attended the parade , thrown by the village to honor the bravery of sheriff kevin jones and the memory of those that had died . 
 the chief recovered , and attended the parade . 
 there was an unusual air of mystery about these events , which still entertains the village-folk to this day . 
 the story was riddled with disappearing bodies . 
 the monk named kaan ; his body was admitted to the village morgue for two days before it seemingly disappeared into thin air . 
 the bodies of the mine men were never found in the forest , but the locals blamed the wolves and bears , as the likely culprits . 
 finally , the body of the great bear was never found . 
 it 's not uncommon for a mortally wounded animal to hide while they die . 
 other predatory animals could have disposed of the body or , as the urban legend now states , the great bear still roams the forest , waiting to return and ravage autumn once again . 
 the wounds on the monk and the chief , substantiated the story , but what made the story interesting to historians , was the disappearance of the famous hunters barnes & colder , shortly after the event . 
 they never made it back to the grafton hotel , or their office in laran city . 
 some say that the bear was so ferocious that the hunters retired instantly , and became recluses in a warmer country . 
 the sheriff used this terrifying experience as a catalyst to quit drinking , and to reorganize his life . 
 he later married annie from the diner , lost a lot of weight , and pulled his life together . 
 everyone had a theory about the village stranger kaan , and the hunters . 
 each version of the story was embellished ; some even believed they were aliens from another world ! 
 the village of autumn never paid the missing hunters ; instead their story was incorporated into the annual harvest play , to honor the fallen , and the heroes of that day . 
 sheriff jones was always portrayed as the ultimate hero , and he smiled every time he saw the annual harvest play re-enacted . 
 the indian chief died a few years later , he never fully recovered from his injuries , but not before he passed down the real events of that day . 
 it was the new chief 's job to preserve the real story , to stay vigilant against the threat of evil , and to keep the axe of the waishee tribe , and sacred knife of princess athena safe . 
 the sheriff had led the parade , dressed smartly in his newly pressed uniform . 
 he was confident , sober , and looking relaxed . 
 the chief rode at the rear of the parade ; smiling to the crowds he suddenly caught a brief glimpse of dan and raj , standing to the rear of the appreciative crowd . 
 he waved at them momentarily , as they seemed to evaporate right in front of his eyes , surrounded by a spiral of crimson butterflies . 
 `` tugnars , '' murmured the chief , `` from another dimension . '' 
 * * * * * the chief could not remember being carried out from the forest slung over raj 's tired shoulders . 
 he regained consciousness for a brief moment during the jeep ride home , on route to the hospital . 
 he did n't know if it was a vision , a dream , or a hallucination , but it was the last time he saw the white spirit wolf ; its glorious proud white head peeking out from behind a douglas fur tree , as the jeep flashed by . 
 the chief thought about sheriff jones , the man who killed the karcon . 
 the prophecy had come true , for it said that a man , who 'd faced demons all of his life , would kill the beast . 
 kevin jones had faced his demons , and for now , had defeated them . 
 he stayed away from the booze and the bars , with annie refusing to allow alcohol in their house . 
 he looked happy and back to his friendly , amiable , efficient self . 
 * * * * * the fifth realm - earth chapter 15 : what 's happened to dan ? 
 westtown , pennsylvania , u.s.a. , 2014 `` to succeed in life , you need two things : ignorance and confidence . '' 
 after the excitement , and the fear , of facing the karcon , dan tried to settle into a normal pattern of life in westtown , pennsylvania . 
 dan and raj had ample opportunity to talk about their adventure . 
 one night , out of the blue , raj apologized to dan in an attempt to clear his conscience and ease his feelings of guilt . 
 `` dan , i 'm so sorry that i placed you in a life threatening situation . 
 it was stupid and selfish of me , and i was clearly rusty , ill equipped , and out of my league . '' 
 dan looked at raj sheepishly , as he knew raj was right . 
 raj continued , `` i just want you to know , that you would never have come to any harm , i would n't have allowed it , because i had a plan . 
 you would n't like the plan , but i had one . '' 
 raj stared at dan with a serious face . 
 dan shook his head , `` we were very lucky that the sheriff saved us . 
 i do n't think any plan would 've worked . '' 
 raj moved closer to the boy , `` listen to me . 
 if either of us gets killed while we are on an adventure , then the bond with the dream cane is broken , and we immediately return to our realm . 
 my final plan was to submit my life to the beast . 
 i would n't have let him harm you . 
 i would 've made him go through me first . '' 
 `` you mean kill you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i would 've done everything to protect you , you have to know that . '' 
 raj looked distraught . 
 `` you did protect me , you always stood in front of me , and shielded me from the karcon . 
 i 'm just glad the sheriff showed up when he did . 
 raj , it was scary as hell , i 'm not going to lie , but i would n't have missed it for the world . 
 it 's changed my life , and i 'm a better person for it . 
 we 're shaped by our experiences you know . '' 
 raj smiled , knowing that dan was quoting him . 
 dan continued to see raj , but the dream cane remained silent for now , unwilling to give them another assignment until they were ready . 
 dan focused on his school and tried to fit in . 
 the smith brothers never bothered dan again , and he managed to stay out of mrs. oakley 's office . 
 dan enjoyed his teacher and seemed to be getting good grades with ms. claridge . 
 john hollins public school turned out to be a decent place , and he was happy there . 
 over time he grew to like it , and made some good friends . 
 ally tucker was never too far away , and ally and dan became an item after the smith brother 's fight . 
 prior to dan 's dream cane adventure he had the personality and demeanor of a timid field mouse , but like a young soldier returning from the horrors of war , this experience had changed him indelibly . 
 he was not afraid of anything - now he 'd survived a karcon . 
 his newly acquired skills had boosted his confidence where he walked tall , spoke calmly , and conducted his affairs with an assured confidence . 
 he respected raj , and never judged anyone by , his or her appearance . 
 for all of its dangers the dream cane had changed his life and he was finally enjoying his childhood . 
 ally and dan grew close where dan had found a true friend at his intellectual level with shared interests . 
 dan knew ally was the one and that their life together , even though they were just kids , would be like an adventure . 
 he hoped the dream cane would activate soon , when it was the right time for their next adventure . 
 perhaps the next time they would not be placed in so much danger , but who knows . 
 only the dream cane knows what each person needs , and it matches the adventures with the right people . 
 raj and dan had not killed the beast , but that was not their destiny , they were sent to help and from that experience they had both grown . 
 after walking ally home one day , dan skipped up the stairs to his apartment , to be greeted by his mother . 
 she watched him go about his daily routine , until he stopped dead in his tracks , `` you ok mum ? '' 
 `` yeah , why ? '' 
 `` because you 're watching everything i do . '' 
 dan turned to face his mother . 
 `` something 's different about you kiddo , i do n't know if it 's the new school , ms. claridge , raj , '' she moved closer , `` or ally , '' she teased him , poking him in the ribs , `` but i like it . 
 what 's happened to you dan ? 
 is it the effect that a good woman has on a man , you 're a different boy , more confident and happy ; yeah that 's what it is . 
 you 're happy are n't you ? '' 
 dan thought about it for a second , he had n't stopped to think about his situation but he knew how relaxed he 'd been lately and how easy it felt living above the restaurant . 
 having faced death for the first time had changed his perspective on everything ; he did appreciate the little things that occur each day a lot more . 
 he liked his school , his newly found friends , his life , his teacher and of course his relationship with raj . 
 if he was brutally honest , he really liked ally ! 
 `` yeah , i 'm happy mum , and the one thing that makes me happiest , is that fact that you 're happy too . '' 
 ally had grown into dan 's best friend , confidant , and biggest supporter . 
 she 'd ditched the pretentious in-crowd and was hanging around with dan and his new friends . 
 ally was besotted with dan , and loved his calm , confident ways . 
 she was bright , witty , intelligent , organized , driven , and fun loving . 
 dan had n't realized it yet , but ally was n't about to let him go . 
 she knew he was equally driven to succeed , and she 'd figured out that they would be good together . 
 liz loved her job at the restaurant ; she was saving a bit of money for a vacation , and she 'd started to date the nice customer from the restaurant . 
 she was visibly happy , as she ruffled dan 's hair , smiled , and turned to make his dinner . 
 dan and raj continued to grow as friends . 
 they had many conversations reminiscing about the village of autumn , the karcon , the sheriff , annie , the indian chief , the mine guys , kaan , and the white spirit wolf . 
 they talked about the different realms , and the ongoing fight between light and darkness , good and evil . 
 they both realized that despite that danger that the adventure presented an unbreakable bond had formed . 
 neither would have changed the outcome for both benefited immensely . 
 raj felt useful and experienced being young and strong again . 
 dan gained the skills and confidence to transform his entire outlook on life . 
 neither could wait to go on another adventure but both knew it was out of their hands . 
 occasionally an eager raj would instruct dan to hold the dream cane with him , but they both knew it was the dream cane who would decide when the time was right for the two of them to embark upon their next adventure . 
 one night after another failed attempt to ignite the dream cane , raj looked deeply into dan 's eyes and said , `` i 'm an old man dan , i hope we can do another adventure before i die . 
 that 's my plea to the cane , do n't lose faith with me and stay tuned for our next adventure , as they say in the movies ... . . '' 
 the end ... `` the moment you stop believing in fanciful things , the world stops being fanciful . '' 
 - phil armstrong 
