 the lost tales of mercia by jayden woods smashwords edition copyright 2010 jayden woods edited by malcolm pierce * table of contents read the lost tales in any order you 'd like , before or after reading eadric the grasper , or completely alone as quick glimpses into an ancient world ... 1 the first lost tale of mercia : golde the mother eadric 's mother thinks she escaped her past until it comes riding to her doorstep . 
 a dangerous ealdorman has just betrayed his people to viking invaders and now he wants golde 's support . 
 2 the second lost tale of mercia : ethelred the king a boy becomes king at eleven years of age , but the cost of the crown is bloodshed . 
 3 the third lost tale of mercia : aydith the aetheling a stubborn young aetheling searches futilely for respect until she finds it in the company of a doting hearth companion named hastings . 
 4 the fourth lost tale of mercia : athelward the historian golde beseeches an eccentric historian to help her son , but it 's up to young eadric to win the man 's respect . 
 5 the fifth lost tale of mercia : alfgifu the orphan alfgifu believes that eadric streona murdered her father . 
 to obtain her revenge , she will go to the new viking king for help . 
 6 the sixth lost tale of mercia hastings the hearth companion a royal hearth companion named hastings entertains unrealistic notions of how his mistress , aetheling aydith , might reward him for his devotion . 
 7 the seventh lost tale of mercia : hildred the maid plagued by hunger and a cruel monk , poor hildred has little choice but to accept the help of a rising thegn named eadric . 
 8 the eighth lost tale of mercia : canute the viking when prince canute develops an unexpected relationship with another jomsviking , he must decide to what religion he feels most loyal . 
 9 the ninth lost tale of mercia : runa the wife runa leaves her life in the woods to enter a traditional marriage with thorkell the tall , but at a very high cost to them both . 
 10 the tenth lost tale of mercia : edmund the aetheling young prince edmund suspects a plot against his father 's life , but he and his siblings can find no one they trust to subvert it . 
 clip from `` eadric the grasper '' * 1 the first lost tale of mercia : golde the mother -lrb- back to table of contents -rrb- `` and this year the king and all his witan decreed that all the ships which were worth anything should be gathered together at london , in order that they might try if they could anywhere betrap the army from without . 
 but aelfric the ealdorman , one of those in whom the king had most confidence , directed the army to be warned ; and in the night , as they should on the morrow have joined battle , the selfsame aelfric fled from the forces ; and then the army escaped . '' 
 -- the anglo-saxon chronicles , entry for year 992 * worcestershire 993 a.d. even the lazy pigs stirred to life when alfric and his men came riding over the hills . 
 the hogs rolled and squealed , bobbing up and down on stubby legs as they ran around in mass confusion . 
 the dog barked , lifting wiry haunches from the dirt to point his muzzle and boom his howl of alert . 
 the horizon undulated as the ealdormen 's cavalry sliced black silhouettes against the iron gray clouds . 
 chills raked down golde 's skin as she watched , though the breeze brushing her pale hair blew with the warmth of spring . 
 `` hunwald ? '' 
 she called . 
 `` hunwald ! '' 
 she heard no response from the swineherd : only the thunder of alfric 's men galloping closer . 
 then , over the cacophony of thudding hooves , grunting pigs , and barking dogs , she heard a child yelling . 
 `` mother ! '' 
 she turned just as his little hands struck her skirt , pulling and tugging . 
 she looked down at his big blue eyes , unable to be mad at him even though she wished that right now , he would simply disappear . 
 `` eadric , find hunwald and tell him to put up the pigs . '' 
 `` i 'll do it myself . '' 
 golde shook her head helplessly at the boisterous seven-year-old . 
 only yesterday , one of the hogs had flattened him in the mud and nearly crushed his chest . 
 already , he seemed to have forgotten the incident . 
 his thick yellow curls lashed against his face in a visage of defiance . 
 `` no , '' said his mother , `` you 'll help him , and then you 'll feed the pigs yourself while hunwald joins me inside . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 as if noticing them for the first time , eadric stared at the war-horses riding closer . 
 even in the fading sunlight , the chainmail and weaponry of the riders glinted brightly . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 the little boy sounded more exasperated than afraid . 
 `` off with you ! '' 
 she kicked his departing rump with too much force to be playful . 
 sometimes she wondered whether she had sheltered the little boy too successfully from the horrors of the world he lived in . 
 he seemed oblivious to pain and danger . 
 all too soon , the riding men reached her , flinging dirt onto her dress as they reined their horses to a sudden stop . 
 despite their intimidating approach , there must have been only a dozen of them , most of them wounded and weary . 
 foam bubbled from their horses ' mouths and salt whitened their flanks . 
 she squinted disapprovingly as she searched the score of dismounting men for the one she knew to lead them . 
 he was not a hard man to find . 
 he had a head of such thick , golden curls that he could have been a second sun rising from the east as he pulled off his helm . 
 he wore a blue mantle , though now it was stained with filth and blood , and a tunic of crushed diamond twills in flax covered his mail . 
 it was a garment any outlaw would risk his life to obtain , so golde thought he was a fool to wear it . 
 he jangled from the weight of his weapons and jewelry as he blundered towards her . 
 `` oh , golde ! '' 
 he cried . 
 before she could stop him , he fell against her and wrapped her in an embrace . 
 he probably intended it as an embrace , at least , but it felt more like he simply threw his weight against her and expected her to hold him up . 
 `` i 'm done for -- disgraced -- humiliated -- finished ! '' 
 he clutched her fiercely , his whole frame trembling . 
 `` you 're ... pathetic ! '' 
 she put her hands against his chest and pushed him back with all her might . 
 he staggered , sapphire gaze splintered by fury and sorrow . 
 she noted with some amusement that he had tried to grow a beard , though it was more of a vague yellow haze over his mouth and chin . 
 `` you -- you -- you dare touch me like that ? 
 you miserable wench , i am an ealdorman ! '' 
 `` not for long , by the sounds of it . 
 and in any case , i 've touched you in worse ways than that , lord alfric . '' 
 even in their wearied and frantic state , some of the men chuckled . 
 alfric looked around uncertainly , unable to smile himself . 
 behind her own defiant expression , golde gulped . 
 alfric was almost always a nervous wreck , but she had never seen him so anxious as this . 
 the skies growled above them , darkening with a fresh billow of gray clouds . 
 `` wo n't you invite us in ? '' 
 said alfric miserably . 
 golde could only shake her head in disbelief at the man who was a proud ealdorman one moment and a cowering victim the next . 
 `` i have room for you at my table , '' she said , `` but not the others . 
 i 'm afraid they 'll have to shelter in the barn . '' 
 `` with the pigs ? '' 
 one man complained . 
 `` or you can stay outside in the rain , if you 'd like . '' 
 her blue eyes flashed at alfric . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 the ealdorman nodded to his men . 
 `` go on then , you spoiled sods -- you 've seen worse ! '' 
 and so with great reluctance , golde led alfric , the tentative ealdorman of mercia , into her humble home . 
 * she lived in a simple shack , certainly no grander than the average churl 's , but she had never thought of it as impoverished until alfric entered and curled his lip with disgust . 
 she noticed the poor state of the floorboards , dank with the smell of the salted foods they 'd been storing all winter in the sunken pit below . 
 she realized that the lodge seemed smaller inside than it looked outside , crowded by three meager cots , a rickety table , and an ashy brazier . 
 the shutters over the windows squeaked as the wind battered against them . 
 with a weary huff , alfric sank onto a stool next to the table . 
 `` ale , '' he said . 
 biting back her anger , she rummaged through their stores for a canister of ale . 
 they did not have much left , and saved it for special occasions , but she supposed this occasion was as special as any . 
 she grabbed a cup made of alder wood to pour it in , though she was certain he was accustomed to smooth dishes gilt with precious metals . 
 this frugality , at least , seemed to miss his attention ; blindly he upturned the goblet and drank deeply , smashing it back down with a sigh . 
 `` oh golde , '' he said , blue gaze fading into empty space . 
 `` the horrors i 've seen ! '' 
 she withheld her judgment as she went to stir the pottage over the brazier . 
 `` you may tell me of them , if you wish . '' 
 `` they would give you nightmares . '' 
 she gritted her teeth and waited , certain he would describe them , anyway . 
 outside , the rain began to fall with a gentle whisper . 
 the sound of hunwald 's horn echoed through the watery curtain , calling the pigs to his side . 
 she hoped little eadric would stay in the barn and do as he was told . 
 if alfric were to see him ... `` my fleet and i were in the river thames , next to lundenburg . '' 
 alfric 's voice was soft , delicate . 
 she paused mid-stir to hear him over the purring rainfall . 
 `` so were the danes . '' 
 he shuddered . 
 a soft mist drifted in through the shutters , lifting bumps along golde 's skin . 
 she resumed stirring , her ears alert . 
 `` you should have seen their vessels in the river . 
 at twilight , the prows of their ships looked like a horde of demons . 
 there were dragons , and bulls , ravens ... their eyes seemed to pierce the darkness and find me no matter where i hid , peering out over the black water . '' 
 she wondered if he knew how ridiculous he sounded . 
 apparently not . 
 `` were you not put in command of all king ethelred 's fleet ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he did not respond , his mind too far-gone in his grisly memories to hear her . 
 either that , or he was too unwilling to admit the extent of his failure . 
 `` king ethelred wanted our fleet to catch them by surprise . 
 he thought we would corner them in a port and take the advantage . 
 an advantage over the vikings ! '' 
 he cackled . 
 `` foolishness . 
 king ethelred is a fool , just as the monks foretold at his coronation . '' 
 `` alfric ! '' 
 her heart fluttered . 
 in truth she agreed with him , but she had never heard a man of his station insult the king so openly . 
 of course , this man was alfric : a man that the king had already exiled once for treachery , but afterwards forgiven . 
 surely enough , ethelred was a fool . 
 her discomfort only seemed to encourage him . 
 `` an idiot , '' he snarled , `` who would have led us all to our deaths . 
 i was not going to let it happen , golde . 
 i knew we would not win over the vikings , but i was not going to let myself be a lamb led to the slaughter . '' 
 she gripped the hot bowl beneath her , her blood already boiling . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` i did what i had to do . 
 i escaped . '' 
 his knuckles turned white as he gripped his empty goblet . 
 `` more ale , woman . '' 
 her hands trembled as she poured more into his cup . 
 then the door swung open and hunwald stepped in , kicking water from his boots . 
 he was an older man , weathered and tainted as if by a permanent layer of filth from the nature of his trade . 
 nevertheless he had gentle blue eyes , and his face was unassuming even as he looked upon their suspicious visitor . 
 he nodded humbly . 
 `` my lord , i am hunwald , a swineherd , '' he said . 
 `` what ... event ... should i thank ... for the honor of your ... presence ? '' 
 golde winced at the swineherd 's awkwardness . 
 alfric looked from hunwald , to golde , and back again . 
 `` are you two man and wife ? '' 
 he asked . 
 hunwald opened his mouth to reply , but golde interrupted him . 
 `` that is none of your concern . '' 
 alfric stared at her in horror a moment , then burst into laughter . 
 `` god help you , hunwald ! 
 this wench is spoiled goods . 
 i hope you know that ! '' 
 despite herself , golde flushed with shame and embarrassment . 
 normally , she was not embarrassed by such things . 
 long ago , she had surrendered the sanctity of her body to obtain security for herself in the protection of such men as alfric -- whatever his protection may be worth . 
 for a long time she had possessed no wealth nor station : to warm a rich man 's bed at night was a means of gaining food and shelter . 
 but when she bore her son eadric , she nearly died in the process . 
 for this reason she had stayed from hunwald 's bed despite all of his kindness , despite his good heart and selflessness . 
 god knew he deserved any pleasures her body could give him more than the nobleman sitting on their stool , yet she had withheld them . 
 that alfric would bring it up this way filled her with a sensation more vile than any she had felt before . 
 unable to stop herself , she reached out and slapped alfric across the face . 
 his head hung sideways a moment , suspended as a red wave spread up his cheek . 
 his mouth remained opened , gaping , as at last his eyes twisted to look at her . 
 they gleamed like the points of two blades . 
 he stood up . 
 she stepped back , but he reached out and gripped her wrist , tightly enough to leave a bruise . 
 he had never been a particularly violent man , preferring to avoid conflict whenever possible . 
 but he sometimes behaved differently around the few people he perceived as weaker than himself . 
 without a doubt , that was how he saw golde . 
 she peered up at him , narrowing her own pale eyes , challenging him . 
 `` why did you come here , alfric ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` for food and drink , and anything else i may want . '' 
 his hot fingers tightened on the bones of her forearms , and she winced . 
 despite all she knew of alfric , there was a danger in his gaze now that she did not recognize , like a starving wolf spotting the only lamb in a flock that was weak enough to catch . 
 even so , she did not know what he would have done next , and perhaps never would ; for at that moment , eadric stepped inside . 
 he stood in the doorway , blond curls long and dripping , small woolen tunic matted to his skin . 
 he stared up in shock at the looming figure of the wealthy ealdorman , sparkling with his diamond-crusted tunic and hanging swordbelt . 
 even more fascinating to the little boy , perhaps , was the intensity with which alfric stared back at him . 
 the lord released golde suddenly . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 `` he , uh ... he is eadric . '' 
 golde rubbed her sore arms . 
 `` eadric . '' 
 alfric stepped forward , leather boots squeaking . 
 he grabbed a wet curl of eadric 's hair in his fingertips , so like his own , and twirled it . 
 then he pulled away . 
 `` hm . '' 
 he jutted up his chin as he turned towards golde . 
 `` let 's eat , then . '' 
 `` shut the door , eadric , for god 's sake , '' cried golde . 
 eadric obeyed , though by now a wet ring of rainwater lay round the threshold . 
 as he joined everyone at the table , he grinned . 
 `` i fed everyone in the barn , '' he said . 
 `` everyone ? '' 
 said golde as she spooned out the soup . 
 `` the pigs , you mean ? '' 
 `` everyone -- all of them ! '' 
 alfric looked at the boy curiously . 
 `` even my men ? '' 
 eadric nodded , eyes twinkling . 
 `` yes , lord . 
 i gave them acorns , beechnuts , and grains -- just like the pigs ! '' 
 golde went pale with embarrassment , but to her shock , alfric released a chiming laugh . 
 `` serves them right ! 
 pigs , indeed ! 
 good job , eadric . 
 that is your name , is n't it ? '' 
 `` yes , lord , and yours ? '' 
 golde clenched her teeth angrily . 
 the boy could be so impertinent ! 
 but the ealdorman just smiled . 
 `` alfric . 
 alfric alfhereson . 
 and you 're the son of ... ? '' 
 eadric shrugged his little wet shoulders . 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 golde set down the bowl with a resounding thump , her stomach churning . 
 `` eat up before it gets cold , '' she commanded them , even though she had lost her own appetite . 
 then she hurried off to fetch the bread . 
 when at last they were all seated and eating , a terrible silence fell over them . 
 eadric began kicking his legs under the table . 
 the temporary glimmer of light in alfric 's eyes faded once more . 
 his mouth drooped with a frown and his jaws bulged as he chewed angrily at his stale bread . 
 `` eadric , be still ! '' 
 hissed golde . 
 alfric looked at eadric again , and this time a strange look fell over his face . 
 `` i think i might stay here awhile , '' he declared . 
 the maid nearly choked on her first bite of bread . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she lifted her own cup of ale and drank desperately . 
 `` you 're joking , right ? '' 
 `` absolutely not . 
 i 'll stay here with you , and little eadric -- '' he tossed the boy a wink -- `` along with ... '' he frowned at hunwald . 
 `` whatever your name is . '' 
 `` alfric -- that 's ridiculous ! 
 i do n't understand . 
 you have manors to live in , and a fyrd to command , and reeves and stewards to supervise ... '' her mouth went on flapping a moment before her thoughts could catch up . 
 `` you ... you do still have all those things , do n't you ? '' 
 he picked up his bowl , though there was still a decent amount of pottage left , and flung it against the wall . 
 everyone stared in horror as the broth dripped down the planks . 
 even alfric gazed at his own mess as if it saddened him , his rage spent in his meaningless tantrum . 
 golde stood up , chest heaving with anger . 
 `` step outside , alfric . '' 
 he lifted an eyebrow at her . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 `` you 're not an ealdorman anymore , are you ? 
 you did n't just ` escape ' from the danes , did you ? 
 whatever you did was far worse than that . 
 was n't it ? '' 
 he looked away from her , face burning . 
 `` get out of this house , alfric , or god help me i will get on my horse , ride to the king , and tell him your whereabouts myself . '' 
 this was a bluff , of course , for she did not even have a horse to ride upon . 
 but she did not think alfric would realize this . 
 her suspicions must have been correct , for alfric rose so suddenly that his stool flew out from under him . 
 he was frightened now -- it did not take much to frighten him . 
 his eyes flicked to eadric , who simply watched this spectacle with unassuming awe . 
 `` you think king ethelred will protect you from the vikings ? '' 
 alfric 's voice trembled with passion as he looked from one of them to the next . 
 `` he wo n't . 
 he ca n't . 
 i helped the danes because they will rule eventually , anyway ; and i 'd rather it not be over my own dead body ! '' 
 golde could hardly contain her horror . 
 so , he had not only run away ; he had `` helped '' the danes ! 
 had he given them ethelred 's plans ? 
 had he supported them with his own fleet ? 
 she was not sure she wanted to know . 
 in truth , she hardly even cared about the war ; what she cared about was the safety of her own home , and alfric standing here now as traitor to the anglo-saxons poised too great a danger . 
 if he stayed here much longer he would bring the king 's rage upon them all . 
 she stormed around the table and grabbed alfric 's tunic . 
 `` out ! '' 
 he stumbled as she dragged him through the doorway , then cried out and sputtered as the rain splashed his face . 
 she slammed the door behind them and blocked it with her small but sturdy frame . 
 he looked miserable , rivers of rain running down his face as he stared at her . 
 nevertheless , mischief flared momentarily from behind his golden lashes , and his expression reminded her of one eadric often wore . 
 `` ethelred will forgive me eventually , golde dearest . 
 i 'll talk some sense into him again . '' 
 she shook her head in disbelief . 
 `` how could he forgive you ? 
 you helped the enemy . '' 
 she could not see his tears through the rain , but she sensed they were there . 
 he stared up at the veiled moon . 
 `` i did . 
 i gave them ethelred 's plans . 
 i told them everything . '' 
 `` stop , alfric i do n't want to know -- ! '' 
 `` i took my ships and went with them . '' 
 he took in a heaving breath . 
 `` we all would have died otherwise . 
 it was the only way ... '' helpless , she waited for him to go on . 
 she saw that he could no longer hold it in . 
 `` that 's what i thought , golde . 
 i really did . 
 but then the rest of ethelred 's fleet pursued us , and he ... he took ... he took one of my ships ... '' he sobbed openly . 
 golde did not know whether to feel sorry for him , or furious . 
 `` he slaughtered everyone on board . 
 and then his ships went after the danes anyway , and the battle ... oh god . '' 
 he bowed his head and shook violently . 
 `` i escaped my ship , with these men ... but they took my ship , and some of my men were on board ... and now they 're dead . '' 
 she was surprised to find tears pricking her own eyes . 
 of course , alfric had been a fool to act as he had . 
 and yet perhaps he had truly wanted to save his men 's lives -- on that she preferred to give him the benefit of doubt -- and despite everything , he had failed . 
 `` alfric , you should n't be here . 
 not only are you endangering me , but you are leaving your true family to the king 's mercy . 
 get back to your own family . 
 protect them . 
 go somewhere safe . 
 but you 'll solve nothing hiding here , cramming the last of your loyal men in a pig-sty . 
 stay in the barn until morning , if you must , but i want you gone before the cock 's crow . '' 
 he scowled at that . 
 `` you 'll regret casting me out when i 'm in the king 's favor again , wench . '' 
 `` so be it . 
 until that time comes , farewell , alfric . '' 
 there was nothing else to say , so she went back inside and bolted the door . 
 she remained leaning against it a moment , trembling . 
 `` mother ? '' 
 reluctantly , golde turned to meet her son 's gaze . 
 to her surprise , he looked angry . 
 `` why did you send him away ? '' 
 demanded eadric . 
 `` i liked him ! '' 
 `` because he 's dangerous . '' 
 `` no he is n't ! 
 i could tell ! '' 
 golde sighed wearily and sank down onto a stool , dripping everywhere . 
 her heart ached as she watched hunwald clean the table without question or complaint . 
 he was such a good man . 
 he did not deserve the trouble she brought to his doorstep . 
 `` alfric is dangerous in an unusual way , my boy , '' she said . 
 `` better just to forget about him . '' 
 `` i do n't want to . '' 
 eadric crossed his arms . 
 `` i want to go with him . '' 
 `` you what ? '' 
 eadric set his mouth stubbornly . 
 `` absolutely not , eadric ! 
 i left him in the first place to keep you far from his wily ways . '' 
 his stern expression cracked somewhat , giving way to puzzlement . 
 `` what do you mean , ` left ' him ? '' 
 golde looked away , suddenly feeling a painful ache in her head . 
 she had lived openly with alfric once , running to his side whenever he tired of his wife . 
 those days had been strange for her , and were probably as close she would ever come to living a courtly life . 
 she had met a few important nobles and wealthy thegns of mercia during her stays in the manor . 
 they all knew she was little better than a whore , and most of them had used her as such , but she was surprised by the inclusion they gave her compared to most women . 
 she wondered whether her shamelessness and openness in her way of life gave her an unusual status in their eyes . 
 when king ethelred sacked rochester and cast out alfric the first time , she had run to hunwald for shelter , still wearing a soft linen dress decked with beads and embroidery . 
 the swineherd had taken her for some sort of noblewoman and she had let him believe it . 
 he had not asked any questions when her belly swelled and she gave birth to what was obviously a bastard . 
 she nearly died that day , and he could have let her , giving himself two less mouths to feed . 
 instead he sent for a midwife to help bring eadric into the world . 
 she had dreaded the day she would have to explain any of her past to eadric . 
 she wanted to go on living as if it had never happened . 
 she had let him assume , to whatever extent he could understand the situation , that hunwald was his father -- although he clearly doubted this , and had said as much to alfric . 
 she had even let him believe that she and hunwald were husband and wife , though she never stated as much . 
 how could she explain the complexities of her situation to a boy like eadric ? 
 she had been close to another man before leaving the ealdorman 's manor , as well : a wealthy swineherd named wulfric , who was something of alfric 's friend . 
 how could she tell eadric with any dignity that she did not even know which one was his father ? 
 unfortunately , eadric was too smart for his own good . 
 he watched golde 's face closely . 
 `` tell me , mother ! 
 could we go with alfric , too ? 
 could i live with algar ? '' 
 algar was alfric 's legitimate son , only a little older than eadric . 
 the two boys had encountered each other a few times while alfric was away and enjoyed playing together . 
 for a moment golde wanted to explain everything to eadric , but found she could not . 
 her shoulders sagged with the weight of the burden she was unwilling to release . 
 `` i want to wear nice tunics like algar , and cloaks with pretty brooches , and when i 'm older , a swordbelt . '' 
 eadric was getting carried away with these notions , and she could see in his eyes that he would keep dreaming if she let him . 
 `` stop it , eadric . 
 the cost for those things is very dear , and it is better to forget them . 
 forget lord alfric , forget about algar , and silly brooches ! 
 go to bed , and do n't say another word about them . '' 
 she hoped she had given the right advice , but she feared she had not as eadric scowled fiercely and stormed off to his cot . 
 he kicked off his boots , but nothing else , before plopping down on the hard surface and turning away from her . 
 her heart was heavy as she joined hunwald in silence at the table . 
 together , they tried to clean up the mess alfric had left behind . 
 at last they all laid down in the dark and were blanketed by a heavy silence . 
 she wished they could all go to sleep that night and wake up to a morning like any other , but she already knew they would not . 
 she listened to the sound of her own fast breathing , unable to go to sleep no matter how desperately she wished to . 
 she looked over at hunwald 's form , turned away in the darkness , and wondered if he truly slept . 
 she wondered whether he saw her presence here as a burden , or whether he had enjoyed the company , despite its limitations . 
 she wondered if he considered himself a happy man , or merely content , or if he ever paused to question his lot in life at all . 
 then she looked at her son , his pale curls strewn in the moonlight . 
 she watched his small shape rise and fall , and realized that when it came to eadric , she did not have to wonder . 
 she knew suddenly , without a doubt , that eadric would never be as content as hunwald living a simple life among pigs . 
 he was too smart , proud , and ambitious . 
 he would always want more for himself , she suspected , and part of that was her own fault . 
 she believed , herself , that people were not given a set lot in life : they forged their own paths , whether they realized it or not . 
 perhaps she had been wrong to cut him off so sharply when he spoke of living a life like alfric 's . 
 the notion that eadric might ever be in a position similar to alfric 's simply terrified her . 
 she got up and crawled to eadric 's side . 
 she lay a gentle hand on his head , though he did not stir . 
 whether he heard her or not , she did n't know ; and even if he had been awake , she spoke so softly that her words might not have been audible . 
 `` eadric , '' she whispered , `` i want you to know something . 
 i think you can achieve anything in this life that you set your mind to , no matter how impossible it may seem . 
 i believe you can eventually have all those things you dream of , if you truly want them . 
 most of those things are simply not worth the trouble . 
 all of this fighting and bloodshed ... what is it for ? 
 it is foolishness . '' 
 she sighed , thinking that she was beginning to sound like a fool , herself . 
 `` i suppose all i am trying to say is : be careful what you wish for . 
 pick your battles wisely . 
 enjoy what you have and take what you can reach ... and all will be well . '' 
 she thought that her words made very little sense , especially to a sleeping seven-year-old boy , but she knew she said them more for her own sake than his . 
 feeling a little better , she leaned down and kissed his forehead . 
 after that , she finally slept . 
 but she woke up much too late . 
 the cock had already crowed . 
 now the farm was too quiet . 
 alfric and his men were gone . 
 and so was eadric . 
 * the pigs had scattered over the hills . 
 she found hunwald in the barn , the dog whining at his side . 
 he was bleeding from the stomach . 
 she yelled with dismay as she lifted him up and cradled him in her arms . 
 she rocked him gently , but her mind seemed to spin in circles . 
 `` hunwald ? 
 hunwald ! '' 
 as she settled him in her lap , more blood spilled from the stab-wound in his stomach . 
 her eyes widened with horror , too shocked to blink even as tears flooded her vision and nearly blinded her . 
 `` hunwald ! '' 
 she practically screamed this time , and at last he stirred . 
 his eyes were even grayer than usual , devoid of life and energy . 
 they seemed unable to focus as he stared into her face . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , hunwald . '' 
 her voice shook with sobs . 
 `` who did this to you ? '' 
 `` one of ... lord alfric 's men . '' 
 golde could not believe hunwald would bother to call alfric `` lord '' after what had been done to him . 
 but such was hunwald 's nature . 
 `` eadric ... he did not see it happen . 
 do n't worry . '' 
 she clutched him tighter against her . 
 `` where is eadric ? '' 
 `` he went ... with them . 
 he wanted to go , but i tried to stop him ... anyway . 
 that 's why they ... '' he glanced down at his wound and groaned . 
 `` oh , hunwald ... you never deserved any of this . 
 i am so sorry . '' 
 `` please , look after ... look after the pigs . '' 
 it was silly for a dying request , she thought . 
 but she could not smile . 
 `` after i find eadric , i ... i 'll try . '' 
 it was a promise she was not sure she could keep , but hoped she would , anyway . 
 her arms shook as she considered abandoning him . 
 she had to go after eadric . 
 but she could not leave hunwald to die here , slowly and painfully , while elvish sprites festered his wounds and he writhed in lonely agony until his death . 
 then his dead body would be fodder for the first hungry animal to come along . 
 no , she could not let that happen . 
 she braced her legs , and heaved up with a great groan of effort . 
 he sagged against her with a trembling grip . 
 `` what ... are you ... ? '' 
 `` save your breath , '' she growled through her teeth . 
 `` i 'm taking you to a church . '' 
 hunwald did not own a horse , but she found a cart capable of holding his weight . 
 she strapped on good boots and took some of his coins . 
 she left the rest behind , hiding them under a firm floorboard , hoping this would give her the motivation to return and fulfill her foolish promise . 
 then she left hunwald 's farm , sadly certain that she would never return . 
 she took hunwald to the nearest monastery and left him with the monks . 
 she leaned over him and brushed her lips against his , so lightly that afterwards she wondered whether they had ever touched at all . 
 in any case , it was much too late for such sentiments . 
 her life with him was over , and so too was the hope of any true relationship they could have had together . 
 she had lived in a dream , she realized : a dream in which she was not a whore , and eadric was not a bastard , and one of his possible fathers was not the most treacherous saxon in engla-lond . 
 she resolved that if she found eadric -- and she told herself she would -- their lives would change for the better . 
 she did not yet know how . 
 but she would think of something . 
 ** 2 the second lost tale of mercia : ethelred the king -lrb- back to table of contents -rrb- `` -lsb- ethelred -rsb- was perhaps the only thoroughly bad king among all the kings of the english of the west-saxon line ; he seems to have been weak , cowardly , cruel , and bad altogether . 
 he was always doing things at wrong times and leaving undone what he should have done , so that he is called ethelred the unready , that is the man without rede or counsel . '' 
 -- freeman , edward . 
 old english history for children pg . 
 190 * corge-gate , dorset 978 a.d. ethelred watched longingly as his half-brother strode with his men to the exit of the stronghold . 
 they looked so handsome , regal , and powerful . 
 their spurs chimed over the cobbles as they walked , their soft tunics rippled in the breeze , and their cheeks glowed with the pleasure of fellowship . 
 king edward , walking in the middle , was in fact the smallest of the men , and yet he was the center of their attention and devotion . 
 the sixteen-year-old king had grown to fit his beautifully embroidered boots , and the crown seemed to glitter more brightly on his auburn-haired head than it ever had on their father 's . 
 the king stopped suddenly and turned to look at ethelred , as if he had sensed his younger brother 's stare . 
 ethelred stepped back a little , hiding in the shadow of a stone column , and gulped . 
 `` ethelred ? '' 
 ethelred could see the smiles gathering on the faces of edward 's soldiers . 
 they wanted to laugh at him , and they were only holding it in because he would have been king , if edward was not . 
 remembering this made him straighten up a little and lean into the sunshine . 
 `` yes , what is it ? '' 
 edward strolled closer , hands on his hips . 
 ethelred noticed for the first time that the king was getting a nice , cherry brown beard on his chin . 
 ethelred touched his own chin self-consciously ; at barely eleven years of age , he was far from being able to grow his own . 
 `` ethelred , i think you should come hunting with us ! '' 
 ethelred blinked at his half-brother in shock . 
 could he really mean it ? 
 or was he mocking him somehow ? 
 ethelred glanced nervously at edward 's companions . 
 were they all playing some sort of big joke ? 
 `` well ? '' 
 edward leaned down , planting a thickly-gloved hand on ethelred 's shoulder . 
 `` do n't you want to ? '' 
 `` what , uh ... '' ethelred shifted on his feet , suddenly conscious of how far edward had to lean down to look him in the eye . 
 `` what sort of game will you hunt ? '' 
 `` game ? '' 
 edward straightened up , letting him go and shrugging . 
 `` whatever game the hawk finds for us ! '' 
 `` hawk ? '' 
 ethelred 's eyes glittered with jealousy . 
 he had always wanted to hunt with a hawk . 
 `` that 's right . 
 we do n't have a plan , little brother . 
 that 's the fun of it . '' 
 ethelred gulped . 
 the notion was exciting , but it also made him nervous . 
 `` mother says a servant should be sent out first , to find the game and -- '' `` damn that . '' 
 edward curled his lip and spat to the side . 
 `` and damn your mother . '' 
 ethelred flushed despite himself . 
 edward had never gotten along with his step-mother very well , but normally he remained polite about it . 
 ethelred did n't want to argue with edward , but could he let an insult like that slide ? 
 he glanced nervously about , uncertain of what to do once more . 
 `` come now , ethelred , do you want to come or not ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he felt his heart swelling within him . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , i will ! '' 
 `` there 's a good boy . '' 
 edward knocked his fist against the younger boy 's shoulder . 
 ethelred 's limbs tingled with excitement as he joined edward and the tall , proud soldiers on their walk outside . 
 a warming breeze kissed his cheeks and he took a deep , happy breath . 
 he saw the horses already saddled and pulled from the stables , waiting for their noble mounts to ride them into the forest . 
 he looked out at the sharply rolling hills and chalky cliffs surrounding the corfe-gate stronghold and felt almost like a king surveying his kingdom . 
 he would join edward and his men on the hunt ! 
 `` ethelred ? 
 ethelred ! 
 what is going on ? '' 
 ethelred 's heart sank quickly . 
 the voice belonged to his mother , alfryth . 
 she stormed from the stronghold , her silken veil and black robes billowing in a gust of wind . 
 her scraggly brown hair blew against her face , splitting her scowl like so many cracks . 
 king edward turned to face her , his men now behind him . 
 he hooked his thumb on his swordbelt , as if resting it there , but ethelred could not ignore how close his hand came to the hilt of his sword . 
 he said nothing , only glared at her through his cherry lashes . 
 desperately , alfryth turned her fierce gaze on ethelred . 
 `` son , where are you going ? '' 
 `` i 'm going hunting , mother . '' 
 ethelred stuck up his chin . 
 `` hunting for whatever game we may come across . '' 
 `` no , you 're not . '' 
 ethelred stiffened . 
 he looked to edward for help , but the young king had only eyes for alfryth , and those eyes were full of hatred . 
 `` you have matters to attend to , '' alfryth insisted to ethelred . 
 `` matters for ealdorman alfhere . '' 
 butterflies fluttered in ethelred 's stomach , and he saw edward 's hands curl into fists . 
 when their father , edgar , died a few years ago , various nobles and clergymen had disagreed on which of edgar 's sons should become king . 
 ealdorman alfhere had supported ethelred 's right to the throne , as the son of edgar 's latest wife , but ethelred had been only seven years old . 
 naturally , most men had supported edward instead . 
 though the wise men had come to a peaceful decision , no doubt it was hard for edward to forget alfhere 's opposition to him . 
 alfryth smiled sweetly , seeing the fear and doubt in her son 's eyes . 
 `` as you know , these matters are important , my son . 
 much more important than a young boy 's fancy to fill his days with hunting . '' 
 `` young boy 's fancy ! '' 
 cried king edward . 
 he took a step forward , and ethelred tensed with nervousness . 
 edward was generally a nice fellow , best demonstrated by how kindly he treated ethelred , a boy that most would consider his rival . 
 when he got mad , however , he got very mad ; and usually he got the maddest about issues concerning his step-mother , alfryth . 
 `` hunting is man 's work , a man 's way of practicing for battle . 
 a woman like you would n't understand , of course . 
 right , ethelred ? '' 
 ethelred stood frozen , afraid to look at either of them . 
 he did , however , glimpse his mother 's smile , remaining firmly on her face as if everything was going according to plan . 
 `` i suppose i would not understand . 
 and in any case , i was n't trying to discourage you from engaging in such ... ` practice , ' my lord . 
 some men must practice for engaging in battle . 
 others must practice for leading men to battle . 
 my son , ethelred , will be doing the latter , and so he does not need to go riding about in the forest . '' 
 she held out her hand to ethelred . 
 `` come on , then , son . '' 
 but ethelred ignored her completely . 
 he could not tear his eyes away from edward , who wore such a vicious scowl on his face that it brought to mind the horrific depictions of bears on some of the stronghold 's tapestries . 
 `` why ... you ... filth-ridden ... bitch ! '' 
 and then he lunged forward , and ethelred cowered , as if expecting to be stricken by whatever tremendous blow edward seemed about to deliver . 
 but after a moment , he found he was only stricken by a fierce silence , and looked up to see that edward had stopped himself . 
 he stood with one arm lifted , panting for breath , his fingers inches from alfryth 's throat and curled as if already gripping it . 
 but he restrained himself , and stared blazing into her eyes . 
 though she stood unflinching , the fear in alfryth 's own gaze was horribly apparent . 
 at last edward lowered his arm . 
 he took a deep breath and straightened his tunic . 
 he looked around at his wary soldiers and his cowering half-brother ethelred , and a dramatic change came over him . 
 he forced a lilted smile on his still-reddened face . 
 `` what a waste of time . 
 we have game to catch . '' 
 his soldiers relaxed visibly and continued on to their horses . 
 alfryth remained standing at the door of the stronghold , chin lifted in triumph , her dark wimple fluttering in the salty breeze . 
 edward cast ethelred one last glance before departing . 
 `` maybe next time , brother , '' he said . 
 but his voice was sullen , and ethelred did not think he expected a next time , in truth . 
 not until that moment did ethelred comprehend the true extent of his loss . 
 he realized that edward had sincerely wanted to hunt with him . 
 until now , ethelred had still been afraid that it was all some sort of prank -- or at least a way to make ethelred humiliate himself . 
 he had been so desperate to join the king and his men that he had agreed despite these instincts . 
 but as edward trudged away , he actually seemed disappointed -- disappointed that ethelred was n't coming along ! 
 despite himself , he felt tears prick his eyes . 
 `` ethelred , what is wrong with you ? 
 come inside . '' 
 `` but mother , i want to -- '' `` you do n't get to do what you want . 
 if you 're to be king then you 'll have to do a great many things you 'd rather not do . '' 
 `` i do n't want to be -- ! '' 
 `` silence ! 
 i do n't care ! '' 
 she grabbed his wrist fiercely , then pulled him inside . 
 he was even more surprised when she led him to his room and told him to stay there . 
 `` but i 'm supposed to speak with ealdorman alfhere ! '' 
 he cried . 
 then , when she scowled at him , his face scrunched up helplessly . 
 `` are n't i ? '' 
 her expression tore between pity and disgust . 
 `` i 'll handle him myself , son . 
 you stay here and practice your reading . '' 
 then , as an afterthought , `` also , consider why your father 's wise men chose edward to be king over you , even though he was not my son . 
 think on it long and hard . '' 
 she slammed the door behind her , and though the chill of winter had supposedly lifted from engla-lond , he shivered . 
 as his mother had suggested , he stayed in his room and read . 
 he also pondered over the matter of the witenagemot 's decision to choose edward over himself . 
 he thought it made practical sense for anyone to choose the older of the two boys , considering how young they had been at the time , and the fact that no one else of royal blood had been available . 
 on top of that , edgar himself had said before his death that he wished edward to succeed him . 
 but on the other hand , ethelred was the son of alfryth , the present queen : he really should have been next in line . 
 he wondered whether the wise men 's choice to put edward on the throne had been any fault of his own . 
 then , filling with shame , he remembered the story of his own baptism . 
 when the archbishop dunstan had held him underwater and offered the holy sacrament , baby ethelred had defecated in the water . 
 dunstan had pulled him out and handed him away , crying out with disgust . 
 `` by god , '' declared the bishop , `` this will be a miserable man ! '' 
 ethelred 's ears burned with embarrassment whenever he heard that story retold , but he also felt anger . 
 he had been a baby at the time . 
 he had no control of such things . 
 as he stayed in his room according to his mother 's wishes and read the holy gospels , he tried to gather encouragement from them . 
 he wondered whether everything that happened on earth was truly god 's will . 
 if so , what power did he or anyone else have to change it ? 
 he thought that perhaps he was still too young to understand ; adults never seemed to question this paradox , so surely he must be missing something . 
 in any case , he found it comforting to believe that his father 's witenagemot had chosen edward by god 's ordinance . 
 if god orchestrated everything , that meant the matters were no fault of his own , at all -- especially not the fault of a helpless baby . 
 ethelred 's scholarly pondering helped the time to pass , at first . 
 but after the sun peaked and fell westward , thrusting its last orange beams through his window , he found himself growing restless . 
 he looked out at the sharp hills of dorset , their slopes undulating with varying hues of green , brown , and gray . 
 he wondered what a thrill edward must now feel , riding with his soldiers while a hawk flew overhead and the wild pigs and deer fled in fear . 
 how great it must feel to be a king ! 
 he shook his head of these thoughts , remembering alfryth . 
 sometimes , ethelred 's own mother frightened him , and he preferred edward 's temper tantrums to her mysterious ways . 
 why had she insisted that ethelred stay home today ? 
 did she simply not want the two boys to feel like brothers ? 
 or did she place so little faith in ethelred she assumed he would humiliate himself ? 
 or was something else going on altogether ? 
 he felt a strong sense of foreboding like cold water in his belly ; but at the same time , he felt hunger . 
 had the time not already passed for the night meal ? 
 he realized with surprise that the light was waning outside , and yet no one had summoned him to the dining hall . 
 what was going on ? 
 he donned a soft fur-trimmed cloak , which always made him feel regal . 
 he walked to the door and took a deep breath . 
 perhaps it went against his mother 's wishes to leave now , but so what ? 
 as edward had said , what did a woman like her understand ? 
 feeling emboldened , he pulled open the door and strode into the halls . 
 something strange seemed to be amiss in the corfe-gate stronghold , something he could not fully describe . 
 the servants dared to meet his eyes , then looked away with darting glances . 
 they shuffled about on their feet and did not gossip to each other as usual . 
 something else was strange , as well . 
 normally the stronghold was surrounded with royal soldiers , reeves , and hearth companions of all the noblemen and women . 
 but he noticed that many familiar faces , especially those of his mother 's retainers , were missing from their usual posts . 
 briefly he wandered out to the stables , curious whether edward and his men had returned yet from the hunt , for the sun was sinking behind the hills . 
 edward and his men had not yet returned , he found ; but even more surprisingly , a great many more horses were gone than edward had taken with him . 
 a large number of soldiers had gone somewhere . 
 but where ? 
 puzzled and distraught , ethelred remembered the ache in his belly , and decided this needed fixing first of all . 
 he headed for the dining hall , hoping to find some manner of food there . 
 a cloud of smoke wafting through the hall doors assured him that he must have the right idea . 
 but to his astonishment , his mother and several lords sat at the table , huddled closely in heated conversation , and not a single plate of food could be found amongst them . 
 the smoke came only from a blazing hearth-fire . 
 alfryth spotted him from afar , and motioned to the men to cease speaking . 
 `` ethelred , '' she hissed . 
 `` i told you to stay in your room ! '' 
 he tried to think of something clever and bold to say , but as he stared at the intimidating faces of the war-leaders and clergymen sitting at the table , he found his words lacking . 
 `` but i am hungry ! '' 
 alfryth put on a smile , though it was so forced and fake that in a way it was worse than a scowl . 
 `` that 's true , my boy , a growing man certainly needs his food . '' 
 it amazed ethelred how differently his mother treated him when in the company of other people than when he and she were alone together . 
 he realized that this had always been the case , but it was more noticeable today than ever . 
 he wondered whether something had changed , or whether he was simply growing more perceptive . 
 soon his mother was upon him , her sharp nails digging into his arm as she led him outside . 
 the wind battered against them , cool with the coming night . 
 `` ethelred , you are such a little child ! '' 
 she hissed this to him as soon as they were out of the noblemen 's hearing range . 
 he felt as if he was on the verge of understanding something now that he never had before , and this feeling gave him confidence . 
 he stared back at his mother with all the defiance he could muster . 
 `` if you want me to act like more than a child , then you should tell me what 's going on ! '' 
 she leaned back , the knots of her face untwisting as her eyebrows lifted with surprise . 
 she was silent a moment . 
 then , exasperated , she declared , `` not today , ethelred ; of all days , not today ! 
 you will be plenty involved soon enough , of that i promise you . '' 
 `` what do you mean , soon enough ? '' 
 `` for god 's sake , ethelred , not now ! 
 go away , fill your little belly in the kitchens if you must ! '' 
 she hurried back inside , and when she was gone , ethelred remained standing awhile , huffing with anger . 
 he could not comprehend all the emotions roiling through him . 
 suddenly he felt as if he hated his mother , though he did n't know why , and he silently prayed to god for forgiveness . 
 then , having stood still long enough with his eyes pointed to the horizon , he discerned a shape approaching . 
 it was a lone rider , charging through the gap in the hills at full speed ; and as he rounded a certain slope , ethelred was astonished to glimpse the gleam of a crown on his head . 
 `` edward ! '' 
 he cried . 
 he ran down the slope to meet his brother , little fists bobbing at his sides , heart pounding in his chest . 
 he did not even know why he ran with such urgency and yelled edward 's name so loudly . 
 perhaps , if he had not , things would have happened differently . 
 it had frustrated ethelred that so many events of the day had developed beyond his comprehension , and that he felt some great significance hanging in the air , but he could not even guess what it was . 
 it filled him with pride that now , he was at the forefront of this new event . 
 several dozen soldiers peeked from the stronghold to see what all the fuss was about , but ethelred was far ahead of them . 
 he was the first to reach the king , who slouched strangely in his saddle , and whose brow twinkled with sweat in the fading sunlight . 
 `` hail , ethelred , '' said king edward cheerfully , though his voice rasped . 
 spittle dripped from his stallion 's mouth , the hooves of which stomped dangerously close to ethelred 's feet . 
 `` have you anything to drink ? '' 
 `` i ... '' ethelred patted his tunic uselessly . 
 he had nothing . 
 he had not even eaten his own night meal , after all . 
 `` i am sorry , edward , i do n't . '' 
 he glanced back to the stronghold , the sharp stones of which cast angry lines against the sky from this direction , and watched as a few men marched out of it . 
 someone else would provide water , surely , so he hurried to more important concerns while he could . 
 `` what happened to your hearth companions ? '' 
 `` i 'm ... not sure . '' 
 edward wiped his brow , though it continued to drip . 
 `` i do n't know what disbanded us . 
 something must have frightened them , for they disappeared suddenly ... but i would have noticed the tracks of a bear , or wolf . 
 it 's , ridiculous , is n't it ? 
 a king searching for his own hearth companions ! '' 
 he laughed , but no humor was in his voice . 
 ethelred considered this . 
 `` we can get my mother 's men to find them ! '' 
 he thought he was being helpful , but edward frowned . 
 then ethelred remembered that most of his mother 's men had been missing , anyway . 
 he frowned as well . 
 `` i think not , little brother . '' 
 ethelred began to understand his discomfort when a few soldiers from the stronghold reached the king 's horse and surrounded it . 
 edward surprised everyone by kicking a man solidly in the face who dared seize the horse 's reins . 
 the servant fell back with a cry , clutching a bleeding nose . 
 `` away , you filthy churls . 
 who has some ale ? 
 that 's all i need . '' 
 `` we 'll fetch it for you , '' said a man , and ethelred recognized him as one of his mother 's retainers named osrid , large and strapping . 
 he looked the part of a soldier though he wore none of the usual fittings , except perhaps for the unusually large dirk strapped to his belt . 
 ethelred was glad to see him go . 
 `` away ! '' 
 edward was continuing to kick at the men lingering around him . 
 at last they all backed off , but edward drew his sword nonetheless , a dangerous look in his eyes . 
 his horse pranced about uneasily , churning the rocky earth under its hooves , twisting its neck and snorting . 
 ethelred found the situation very strange and confusing . 
 everyone was silent as they waited , hearing little but edward 's snorting horse , and the hollow sound of the wind through the hills . 
 ethelred thought he could even hear the soft crashing of the waves upon the distant shore . 
 everyone but ethelred seemed to be expecting something . 
 expecting what ? 
 with some relief , he recognized alfryth 's shape coming down the hillside . 
 she held a large goblet in her slender , ringed fingers . 
 edward watched her approach with a scowl , though the look on alfryth 's face beneath the fluttering veil was unusually sweet . 
 she actually seemed happy to provide the king with this refreshment . 
 ethelred wished she would walk faster , for it seemed as if a great deal of time passed before she reached them , at which point the air seemed to thrum tangibly with tension . 
 `` has the game eluded you ? '' 
 said the queen mother , pausing with the goblet outstretched . 
 meanwhile , her servant osrid kept walking , moving around the horse . 
 edward did not answer at first , only flashed his teeth as he put away his sword . 
 then he leaned over to grab the goblet . 
 `` the hunt is still on , lady , and it will not stop until i -- aaagh ! '' 
 the sound that came from the king 's mouth was so terrible , it would ring in ethelred 's ears for decades to come . 
 edward drew back , limbs flailing , clutching his side near his back . 
 the goblet fell to the earth , clinking against the stones and splashing water on the horse 's hooves . 
 the horse reared , twisting about , and revealed a shape darting quickly from behind it . 
 the shape was osrid 's , and he held a bloody dagger . 
 `` edward ! '' 
 arms fell upon ethelred as if from the darkness , for night had fallen quickly and the world seemed full of shadows , reaching and grasping at him . 
 `` edward ! '' 
 he cried again . 
 hands pulled him back as he struggled , yet he could still hear his half-brother 's moans , and he saw the horse 's thrashing shape , another black mass against the dim red world . 
 it neighed , hooves slicing the sky , and wheeled about . 
 ethelred gave another great heave to push himself above his captors , looking for edward as the horse ran away . 
 the king drooped in the saddle , still clinging there whether by determination or some fated mechanism , his auburn hair streaming behind him like the blood pouring from his stab-wound . 
 then ethelred 's eyes were blinded by his own tears , and a roar like thunder from his own pulse deafened him as he was dragged away . 
 his sorrow and rage filled him up , and he was conscious of nothing else . 
 * in his room a meal was waiting for him , but he could not bring himself to eat it . 
 he ran to the window , underneath which his mother had posted guards , and he sagged against the wall , peering uselessly into the gray horizon . 
 edward was nowhere to be seen . 
 edward was dead . 
 he had stopped crying for a short while , somewhere in the midst of his struggling and attempting to escape while his mother 's hearth companions dragged him away and closed him in his room . 
 now the terrible truth struck him again , and it petrified him . 
 for a moment he was too stunned to even start crying again . 
 ethelred had not seen edward die , but he knew without a doubt that he was dead , at least by now . 
 alfryth would see to it . 
 though he still could not move , a shudder shook him . 
 he could hardly believe his mother 's cruelty and evilness . 
 she may not have held the knife that stabbed edward in the side , but she surely orchestrated its movement . 
 he felt so confused and foolish for not seeing her intention before . 
 was he , in a way , to blame ? 
 he knew alfryth did not like edward , and wanted her own son on the throne instead , but he never thought she would do something like this to get her way . 
 had he unknowingly helped her ? 
 the door opened , and ethelred shrank against the wall , cowering . 
 there in the doorway stood alfryth , but his mother looked different to him than she ever had before . 
 perhaps this was because he now saw her for who she truly was . 
 perhaps it was because she had freed her head of its veil and wimple , and some of her long chestnut hair fell freely around her face and shoulders . 
 her skin seemed more flawless than ever , glowing with triumph and power ; her dark eyes blazed with energy . 
 and yet , at the sight of ethelred cowering , her expression soured again . 
 `` ethelred . 
 my son . '' 
 she turned and motioned to the retainers with a flick of her wrist , and they closed the doors behind her . 
 the dimly enclosed space now looked , to ethelred , a great deal like how he imagined hell . 
 the moonlight through the window provided a pale white glow to some corners of the room , but the rest of the chamber was filled with glaring orange candlelight and writhing , flickering shadows . 
 such shadows moved over the sharp angles of his mother 's face as she stared at him , and the sight of her livid face filled ethelred with both terror and rage . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 he cried . 
 the sobs returned to his throat like so many rising bubbles . 
 `` my brother . 
 poor edward . 
 he was always so kind to us . 
 he could have been cruel . 
 he could have been but he -- '' `` silence ! '' 
 alfryth reached out suddenly , slender arm uncoiling from the heavy folds of her sleeve like a snake , and grabbed a candle . 
 fortunately , the force of her throw caused the flame to gush out before striking ethelred 's bed . 
 `` you are a king now ! 
 that is worth the death of one man ; it is worth the death of hundreds of men ! 
 worth it , at least , if you are a good king , and not a sniveling spoiled child . 
 so stop your worthless crying ! '' 
 her words moved him , but only for a moment . 
 true , he would be a king now . 
 he would rise up to fill edward 's shoes . 
 but would he be any better than edward ? 
 he simply did n't understand . 
 `` but edward was a good king . 
 what am i to do differently ? '' 
 `` oh stop asking questions ! '' 
 she stormed closer , grabbing another candle and lifting it high . 
 ethelred flinched , expecting her to throw it again . 
 but it was worse than that this time . 
 she swung it down , and the hot waxy end struck ethelred 's tunic , the flame flaring then snuffing out against the cloth . 
 ethelred yelled and curled up , shielding himself with the flesh of his back and the thin fabric of his cloak as she struck him again , and again , and again . 
 the candle snapped apart eventually , and she dropped it with a sickening thud . 
 her heaving breath roared in the silence . 
 he uncurled slightly , trembling from head to foot . 
 his back ached , and he knew he would have bruises . 
 but he was no longer crying . 
 his eyes were dry now , his gaze strangely vacant . 
 alfryth might not have noticed , for he could not bring himself to look at her ; if she did notice she said nothing . 
 after a long and terrible silence , at last she turned and walked away . 
 she paused as she pushed open the door . 
 `` i 'll ... send you some wine , '' she said . 
 and then she left . 
 * they crowned him at kingston , where his brother and many kings before him had been crowned , and the people gathered in a great church and sang , their voices resounding against the tremendous walls . 
 `` glory be to the father , and the son , and the holy ghost , '' they chanted . 
 some of them turned their eyes heavenwards , hands clasped in supplication ; others peered at him from dirty faces , mumbling the prayer with lazy lips . 
 sometimes their eyes were curious and piercing , sometimes they were simply blank . 
 ethelred tried not to look at them , for they made his heart race and his palms sweat . 
 he could not afford for his hands to be slippery , for both of them were clasped to the hands of the bishops on either side of him , leading him to the altar . 
 `` let thy hands be strengthened , '' chanted the bishops . 
 ethelred tried to stare straight ahead , ignoring all the rest , trying to think of the crown and none of the responsibilities that went with it . 
 he should be proud , his mother had said . 
 he should be grateful . 
 in any case , it was god 's will , he told himself . 
 he must accept it , just like the people here , who accepted him as king even though their eyes and voices lacked love or devotion . 
 so he tried to focus on the kingship alone , the glory of the coronation ; but then he saw archbishop dunstan , standing at the altar , and even though he had known the archbishop would be there , he thought he might vomit from fear . 
 archbishop dunstan : the same old man who had baptized him as a baby and claimed that he would be a miserable man all his life . 
 the man stared at him now with a blank expression , but ethelred thought he detected the cold hatred behind the blue discs of his eyes . 
 he was so very old , his shoulders stooped , his skin sagging , and yet he seemed to radiate with power . 
 his heavy pallium glowed with the colors of a distant stained glass window , and glittered with golden pins and brooches . 
 for a moment , ethelred feared that this man was more of a king than he was . 
 he looked down at himself : at his soft flowing robes , at the golden-thread embroidery , at the thick brooch on his chest made of gold , blue glass , and garnet stone . 
 did all these fancy things make him a king ? 
 the thought filled him with doubt . 
 hands pushed at him , and he realized these were the bishops , nudging him to perform his next act . 
 remembering his script , he let go and prostrated himself on the floor , fancy robes and all . 
 `` we praise thee , oh god , '' sang the people . 
 `` we acknowledge thee to be the lord . '' 
 his cheek pressed against the filthy floor , ethelred felt inclined to agree with them . 
 as long as the lord was truly the one in power , all would be well , he thought . 
 at last the bishops helped lift him from the floor , and he knelt before dunstan and the great coronation stone at the altar . 
 all of the church fell silent , knowing that his turn came to speak . 
 he took a deep breath and did so , trying not to let his voice waver , trying to fill it with the strength of a king . 
 `` in the name of christ , i promise three things to the christian people my subjects . 
 first , that the church of god , and all the christian people , shall always preserve true peace through our arbitration . 
 second , that i will forbid rapacity and all iniquities to every condition . 
 third , that i will command equity and mercy in all judgments , that to me and to you the gracious and merciful god may extend his mercy . '' 
 `` amen , '' said the people , and he exhaled with relief . 
 the prayers went on , and the smoke of the candles made him dizzy , and his ears rang with the never-ending words . 
 all the while he stared at the foot of dunstan 's robes , as unwavering and steady as the man himself . 
 then the bishop held the crown over his head , and ethelred could hardly find the strength to breathe . 
 he thought he could feel the weight of the large metal piece , though it had not yet descended . 
 `` almighty creator , everlasting lord , governor of heaven and earth , the maker and disposer of angels and men , look down propitiously on our humble prayers , and multiply the gifts of thy blessing on this thy servant , whom with humble devotion we have chosen to be king of the angles and the saxons : surround him everywhere with the right hand of thy power , that , strengthened with the faithfulness of abraham , the meekness of moses , the courage of joshua , the humility of david , and the wisdom of solomon , he may be well pleasing to thee in all things , and may always advance in the way of justice with inoffensive progress . '' 
 all the words followed the script his mother had described to him ; they were all normal and ceremonious statements . 
 but ethelred heard them now as if he had never heard them before , and they filled his head with a heavy burden . 
 after a short while , he seemed to cease hearing them altogether , for it was too much to endure . 
 how could he do all these things ? 
 how could all these people expect him to ? 
 his lips continued to move , playing their expected role ; so did his hands , accepting the gifts bestowed upon him . 
 dunstan continued to hold the crown high while ethelred received the sword , a great heavy thing which sagged in his fingertips , sparkling with a gilt pommel . 
 `` may all the strength of his enemies be broken by the virtue of the spiritual sword , and may thou combat with him , so they may be utterly destroyed , '' dunstan prayed . 
 and then , at last , the archbishop lowered the crown , glittering as it descended to ethelred 's head . 
 the breath of the entire congregation seemed to catch and hold . 
 `` may god crown thee with the crown of glory , '' dunstan intoned , `` and with honor and justice , and the strength of fortitude , that by virtue of our benediction , and by a right faith of the various fruits of good works , thou may attain to the crown of the everlasting kingdom , through his bounty , whose kingdom endures forever . '' 
 at last the crown fell upon ethelred 's hair , and he breathed deep , closing his eyes . 
 it was only a thing , he knew ; and yet for a moment , he felt as if it filled him with strength , energizing and empowering him . 
 when he opened his eyes , he saw dunstan leaning down , the fire of his holy gaze boring into him , and his blood ran cold . 
 when next he spoke , ethelred did not know if it was loud enough for all the gathering to hear . 
 and yet to him , the words seemed louder than any spoken yet . 
 `` since you have taken the kingdom by the death of thy brother , hear the word of god . '' 
 ethelred could only stare up at the archbishop in horror . 
 this was not part of the script , and this did not sound like something that had been said to any other king before . 
 dunstan straightened up , eyes scanning the congregation . 
 his voice rose , making the stone pillars tremble . 
 `` thus saith the lord god : the sin of thy mother , and of the accomplices of her base design , shall not be washed out but by much blood of the kingdom 's wretched inhabitants ; and such evils shall come upon the english nation as they have never suffered from the time they came to engla-lond until then . '' 
 people murmured and whispered to each other ; a general wave of moans seemed to float over the room . 
 the sweat of ethelred 's hands dripped down the precious metals of his new sword . 
 his mother 's sins could `` not be washed out but by much blood of the kingdom 's wretched inhabitants . '' 
 what could it possibly mean ? 
 whatever it meant , ethelred knew it would be terrible . 
 ** 3 the third lost tale of mercia : aydith the aetheling -lrb- back to table of contents -rrb- `` this year there was great commotion in england in consequence of an invasion by the danes , who spread terror and devastation wheresoever they went , plundering and burning and desolating the country with such rapidity , that they advanced in one march as far as the town of alton ... '' -- anglo-saxon chronicles , entry for year 1001 a.d. * lundenburg 1001 a.d. aydith 's heart seemed to throb in her throat , so completely did her rage and sorrow fill her . 
 breathing became difficult as she waited for her father to exit the hall , but she stood firm , swallowing down what fear she could . 
 she watched as the various nobles and clergymen exited the room first , their faces cheerful , though she did not see anything to be cheerful about . 
 some of the faces comforted her , such as bishop alphege 's , who wore his usual expression of stoic calm . 
 others infuriated her , such as the smirk of the man named lord alfric , who had betrayed her father once before but now strolled about the palace as if he still ruled mercia as ealdorman . 
 even more troubling , she realized , was the number of faces missing . 
 recently the danes had pillaged all the way to alton and met with a saxon army , but so many great men died that day , no one could consider the battle a victory . 
 among the dead was the kind and scholarly athelward , as well as lord leofric of whitchurch , and wulfhere the thegn , and high-steward lord leofwin , and bishop elfy 's son godwin ... and many more which she could not name . 
 her arms trembled as she clenched her fists at her sides . 
 despite the deaths of those brave men , sweyn forkbeard pillaged on with his army of vikings . 
 from alton the pagans had marched on to devonshire , where another one of her father 's lords betrayed the anglo-saxons . 
 his name was pallig , and he had been a dane living amongst the english ; perhaps king ethelred should have seen it coming . 
 her fury only raged hotter the longer she waited , as did her determination to speak her mind . 
 and though the men passed by her and she knew almost all of them by name , as they knew hers , they did not bother to look at her or address her , for she was only an eleven-year-old female aetheling standing in the middle of the palace . 
 even the fact she was an aetheling hardly seemed to matter ; after all , ethelred had ten children in all . 
 at last , the king himself exited the hall . 
 her stomach turned a somersault . 
 king ethelred looked rather pleased with himself : his cheeks were rosy above his fair beard , his blue eyes were crisp and bright , and his crown looked freshly polished . 
 normally , aydith would be proud of him , for of course a king should always appear confident , no matter the circumstances . 
 what enraged her was the real reason why he felt victorious , which had nothing to do with the vikings . 
 when he saw her , his smile fell . 
 `` aydith ? '' 
 he scratched at his beard and glanced nervously about , as if hoping to see one of her retainers come fetch her away . 
 `` something wrong ? '' 
 `` i ... i heard you , '' she gasped . 
 `` i heard everything . 
 how could you ? '' 
 king ethelred 's cheeks turned deep red . 
 she was not sure if the cause was embarrassment or fury -- or perhaps both . 
 `` you should not have heard anything , '' he snapped . 
 of course , he did not even address her question . 
 he probably never would . 
 `` so forget you heard it at all ! '' 
 despite herself , aydith felt tears filling her eyes , blurring her vision . 
 she knew it was bad for an aetheling to be seen crying , especially with so many important men watching , but she could n't help herself . 
 `` mother has not even been dead a year . '' 
 he straightened himself , which was no small feat under the heaviness of his thickly woven garments . 
 `` a king must have a queen . '' 
 `` but emma of normandy ! 
 she 's one of them ! '' 
 aydith was getting carried away with herself , practically screaming . 
 `` norman filth ! 
 the normans are friends to the danes ! 
 have you forgotten , father ?! '' 
 `` of course not , you foolish child ! 
 these are matters you can not understand . '' 
 ethelred 's eyes darted desperately around the room , seizing the first available hearth companion he could find . 
 `` you , hastings ! 
 take her to her room , and do n't let her leave your sight , for god 's sake ! '' 
 for the first time , aydith understood the extent of her own embarrassment . 
 she looked around her , glimpsing the smug faces leering and laughing at her , and she realized how she must look to them . 
 she was small and thin , any sturdiness of her frame covered by the loose folds of her dress . 
 she was eleven years old , presuming to yell at her father , the king ; and even worse than that , she was a girl . 
 to them she was nothing more than a spoiled , childish girl . 
 her humiliation filled her up and petrified her . 
 the sobs still wanted to come out , but she restricted them , her body shaking violently as a result . 
 all the while , a man walked forward to take her away . 
 she recognized him vaguely as he came closer , but it was hard to see anything clearly through the deluge of her sorrow . 
 his hands on her shoulders were large but gentle , gripping her and guiding her away from the crowd . 
 his touch was surprisingly relaxing . 
 `` there , there , '' he said , though a bit awkwardly , and patted her back . 
 she bowed her head and sagged under his fingers . 
 what had she accomplished by making such a scene ? 
 nothing . 
 what had she lost ? 
 a great deal . 
 her father would be more strict from now on . 
 the nobles would likely laugh at anything she said , aetheling or not . 
 despite the gravity of these defeats , the words of the witenagemot resumed echoing in her head , again and again and again . 
 her anger trickled back into her veins , granting her new strength . 
 she remembered the way the wise men had spoken to her father , especially that treacherous man alfric , and how from the start of the gathering to the finish they had all managed to turn the truth on its head . 
 at the beginning of the meeting , king ethelred had still been filled with resolve to launch yet another attack on the vikings , despite his many failures . 
 by the end , everyone had convinced him that he should try a more friendly approach instead . 
 when at last they reached her room , she broke away from hastings , storming in of her own will . 
 she grabbed the door and made to slam it , but he put his hand against it . 
 her fierce brown gaze met his , blazing . 
 as she stared at him , however , she found she could not remain angry for long . 
 he seemed a strong and noble man , his face kind and devoid of the selfishness and deceitfulness of almost everyone she met in the king 's court . 
 in truth , she had known hastings for some time now , who had served the royal family as a retainer ever since becoming a man at the age of twelve , she suspected . 
 though she had always seen him about , she had never thought of him much , beyond pondering his somewhat large chin on an otherwise box-shaped face . 
 his eyes were so soft and unassuming , his demeanor so quiet and graceful , that his presence was easy to take for granted . 
 he had shiny brown hair that barely fell below his ears , and a close-cut beard that helped cover the largeness of his chin . 
 this close , she thought the beard looked very soft to the touch . 
 `` my lady , '' he said , looking somewhat abashed , then cleared his throat . 
 `` i 'm to watch over you . '' 
 she lifted her chin high , but removed her hand from the door , and went inside . 
 two of her ladies already loitered within her chamber , having abandoned their weaving work to whisper to each other and giggle next to the brazier . 
 at the sight of aydith entering with a red , swollen face and a soldierly companion , they hushed immediately and straightened their postures . 
 aydith glared at them . 
 she already disliked the maids , but now she disliked them even more , for they had been talking about her older brother aethelstan and blushing like tavern wenches . 
 aydith did not not know exactly what they were whispering to each other , but she knew it must be sinful , and even if it was not , it was disrespectful to speak of an aetheling in such a manner . 
 not sure what to say , she harrumphed and crossed her arms over her chest , then went to sit at her table and chair . 
 this table was probably her favorite place on earth to sit . 
 it squatted in a cold corner of the stone room , from which point the rest of the world seemed to grow quiet around her . 
 at the table , she did not have to focus on anything but her wooden toys , and the precious manuscripts from which they were inspired . 
 no matter how bright the outdoors , the table always seemed to collect a gentle glow around its corners , whether from the nearby candles , the lit brazier , or the sunlight forcing its way through the thick tapestry over the window . 
 she sat in her table and took a deep breath , feeling the way a breeze always seemed to flutter here , making everything move and come alive , from the fabric of her dress to the delicate parchment of her books . 
 her fingers reached out and found the smooth wooden piece tucked behind the books . 
 she owned a few different carvings : one of a horse , and a church , and a wooden palisade . 
 but most precious to her was the carving of a woman , crafted for aydith per her request to the royal carpenter . 
 the woman wore a dress , but leather armor was also carved onto her form , as well as a helm over her bound hair . 
 a sword hung from her hip . 
 aydith traced the rim of the toy sword with her fingertip while staring longingly towards the glowing window . 
 for a moment she began to feel peaceful and alone once more . 
 then she realized hastings stood only a few feet away from her . 
 she had not even heard him approach . 
 she started , then quickly put the carved woman away . 
 she looked at hastings with a wary expression . 
 `` do n't worry , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't think i can escape through the window from here . '' 
 `` i am not so sure . '' 
 he attempted a smile . 
 `` you look very fast . '' 
 `` hmph ! '' 
 she wanted to be mad at him , but she could not resist smiling , herself . 
 she turned away to hide her expression and a heavy silence resumed . 
 she wished she could return to that quiet place in her mind , but she could not , and it was not entirely hastings 's fault . 
 `` what was that you were holding ? '' 
 asked the hearth companion . 
 `` it was nothing , '' she said quickly . 
 `` a silly trinket . 
 but i 've grown out of such things . '' 
 she heard the maids across the room start whispering again , and it reminded her of the much louder , but no less shameful , whisperings that took place among the king 's witenagemot , or gathering of wise men . 
 much against her will , she felt her tears and sobs returning . 
 `` my lady ? '' 
 hastings watched her face uncertainly . 
 `` can i ... do anything ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she sniffled and looked at him directly . 
 `` can you ? 
 can anyone ? '' 
 she shook her head so forcefully that some dark strands of her hair fell over her small face . 
 `` my father tried . 
 god knows he tried . 
 he even went across the sea and tried to fight the danes in their homeland , and i was so proud of him . 
 but he failed . 
 then he went to normandy ! '' 
 she smiled sadly , even as her chin quivered . 
 `` he said he would capture duke richard and take him back to engla-lond with his hands tied behind his back , for all that he had done to help the danes ! 
 what changed , hastings ? 
 is there something i do not understand ? 
 what makes my father go back and forth between being a proud and brave king to a cowering fool ? 
 whatever in heaven or hell made him decide to marry duke richard 's daughter ? 
 please tell me that my father was right after all , and that i am simply too young and foolish to understand ! '' 
 hastings had a strange look on his face : one of awe , and bewilderment , and a small degree of discomfort . 
 `` i ... i wish i knew , my lady . 
 but in truth , i am as puzzled as you . '' 
 she looked at him with fresh eyes , wondering if at last she had found someone who did not think she was foolish . 
 but perhaps he was only being polite , because she was an aetheling and he was a hearth companion , and perhaps she should not be sharing her thoughts with him at all . 
 before she could make up her mind whether or not to keep speaking , the door flung open , and in strode her oldest brother . 
 he was only a few years older than aydith , and yet he was treated with a great deal more respect and given many more responsibilities than she , for of course he was in line to be king . 
 his name was aethelstan , and he was one of the fairest of the royal children , taking more from their father than their deceased mother . 
 he still could not grow a beard , she noticed , and had shaved off his last attempt . 
 nonetheless his face was twisted into such a disapproving expression that her heart sank within her , and if she could have she might have melted to the floor . 
 `` aydith , '' he said , his purple cloak still settling about him from his sudden stop , his fists planting firmly on his hips . 
 aydith noticed with disgust that her maids were watching him with huge , batting eyes . 
 he was not even a particularly good-looking man , for all that aydtih could judge . 
 but he was a prince . 
 `` what 's this father tells me about your behavior ? '' 
 she clutched her table for support , staring at him with a mixture of guilt and pleading . 
 `` i am just ... i am just so confused , brother . 
 are n't you ? '' 
 `` i ... '' he looked away in thought , lowering his arms . 
 `` i understand that father will be marrying -- '' he looked uncertainly at the maids , then at hastings . 
 aydith thought it foolish he felt inclined to keep it a secret . 
 the decision had been made ; the people would hear of it soon enough . 
 perhaps the king wanted to put off telling everyone so that it would not enrage them , as aydith thought it should . 
 `` he 'll be taking a new bride , '' he said hoarsely . 
 `` for the good of the country . '' 
 `` do you really believe that ? '' 
 `` i ... i ... '' aethelstan shook his head helplessly . 
 `` i trust father ! '' 
 aydith sighed . 
 aethelstan was always so dignified and practical ; perhaps he was right . 
 why could n't she simply accept the king 's decisions like so many other people seemed to do ? 
 she remembered the way mother used to act submissive and accepting of all ethelred 's actions in public , but as soon as she was alone with aydith , she would curse and swear and insult her own husband . 
 aydith never wanted to be like that , and she wondered how many other people might be the same way , acting out their lives as they felt they ought to , yet nearly bursting with anger inside . 
 if only people would come together and speak their true minds , perhaps real progress could be made . 
 but would anyone ? 
 she stared at her brother for a long time , marveling at him . 
 he did not seem to be filled with secrets and bitterness like so many other people . 
 he simply did what he thought he was supposed to do . 
 surely god must love him dearly . 
 and so did their father . 
 this thought sparked a new idea in her head . 
 `` perhaps ... '' she swallowed thickly . 
 `` perhaps you could talk to him . 
 tell him to reconsider . '' 
 `` why ? 
 because you miss your mother ? '' 
 he guffawed , and she felt as if her heart melted . 
 aethelstan rarely expressed such disdain . 
 `` do you know how childish you sound ? '' 
 aydith set her mouth in a firm line , glaring . 
 `` it 's not just about mother . 
 it 's about our father appearing weak . '' 
 the word made her blood burn with nervousness . 
 it was a word her own mother had used to describe ethelred often , but she had never dared repeat it until now . 
 aethelstan blinked with surprise . 
 `` first the danegald . 
 he took the people 's money and gave it to the danes to buy peace ; but the danes only come back for more . 
 now this : marrying a norman ! 
 when the only solution is to keep fighting ! '' 
 suddenly aydith became all too aware that she and aethelstan were not alone . 
 she saw the looks of shock on the maids ' faces , and the abashed expression of hastings , who seemed embarrassed just to hear such things . 
 meanwhile aethelstan 's face turned bright red . 
 he was not the sort to get angry , but even he had his limits . 
 `` what -- what i mean is ... '' aydith drooped in her chair , her voice slurring to something of a mumble . 
 `` what i mean is that these things make him look weak . 
 not that he is . '' 
 aethelstan lifted his chin , which seemed to require a great deal of effort , for his body seemed as stiff as clay when cooked to the shattering point . 
 despite this , he managed to keep his voice at a low , but grating , pitch . 
 `` everyone ... please leave the room . '' 
 their eyes wide , the maids got up and scurried out . 
 aydith was relieved , though she shuddered to think how they would gossip about the scene they 'd already witnessed . 
 hastings , however , stood still . 
 `` the king commanded me to watch her , my lord , '' he said . 
 aethelstan did not seem to care , nor even notice that hastings remained , for all of his concentration was focused on aydith . 
 when the maids were gone , he stormed up to her table and grabbed one of the books . 
 `` hey -- ! '' 
 shouted aydith . 
 he pulled it out of her reach . 
 `` you 've been reading too many of these stories ! '' 
 `` they 're not stories ! '' 
 cried aydith . 
 `` they are history ! 
 they chronicle the past of all engla-lond , and even some other parts of the world , aethelstan ! '' 
 but because he had picked up the book , his eyes found yet something else : the wooden woman . 
 he seized this next , and aydith cried out with dismay . 
 `` if those are history , then what is this ? '' 
 her brother turned it in his hands , trying to figure it out for himself . 
 `` is this the lady aethelfleda you always talk about ? '' 
 she clutched for it , but he stepped back so far that she almost stumbled to the floor . 
 `` give it back ! '' 
 the pitch of her voice rose nearly to a scream . 
 `` i grow weary of hearing you speak of her , '' said aethelstan . 
 `` ` lady of the mercians . ' 
 her story may be history , but it is still ridiculous ! 
 the archbishop was right : reading has filled your head with nonsense . '' 
 aydith clutched her face , nails digging into her cheeks . 
 `` he ... he said that ? '' 
 aethelstan lowered the figurine somewhat , taking her sorrow for submission . 
 `` aydith , women should not lead armies , nor rule in the place of an ealdorman . '' 
 he said it so calmly , so matter-of-factly . 
 `` your nature is to be peaceful and supportive . 
 it is the role god chose for you . 
 i thought you knew that ? '' 
 she shuddered . 
 `` but ... she took derby ... and built burgs ... and -- '' `` her husband was dead , '' said aethelstan . 
 `` that was different . 
 there was no one else to do it . 
 do you remember what happened after she died , and mercia fell to the spindle side ? 
 her daughter failed to rule , and had to give it up to her brother , and ... oh i forget the rest . '' 
 he looked frustrated . 
 `` what does it matter ? 
 it 's not even your concern ! '' 
 `` please , aethelstan , i 'm ... i 'm trying to be good . '' 
 she felt cold inside out , and trembled uncontrollably . 
 `` i 'm trying to do what 's right . 
 tell me what to do . '' 
 he thought about this long and hard . 
 then his eyes fixed on the figurine . 
 `` first , you have to forget about her . '' 
 he walked towards the brazier . 
 `` ... what ? '' 
 aydith scrambled to her feet . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 without any ceremony , he opened the brazier and tossed the figurine into the flames . 
 aydith put her hands over her mouth to cover her squeal . 
 aethelstan stared into the brazier with deep concentration , the bright orange light glinting in his eyes . 
 despite all this , he seemed unsatisfied . 
 he picked up a poker and jabbed angrily at the embers , little sparks and pieces of burning ash spraying up in a gruesome fountain . 
 `` i will do that , my lord , '' said hastings . 
 aethelstan blinked with surprise , having forgotten hastings 's presence . 
 he passed off the poker . 
 `` er , thank you , '' he said . 
 hastings took up the job of stoking the fire with a grim , firmly-set expression . 
 for some reason , aydith felt even more betrayed now than when aethelstan had done it , for she had thought maybe hastings understood her mind . 
 but of course , that was foolish , and in both instances hastings was only doing his duty , serving the lord and lady according to their respective ranks . 
 she crumpled in on herself , feeling her tears return . 
 her eyes had nearly run dry , she thought . 
 perhaps that was for the best . 
 aethelstan walked up and stood over her . 
 his voice was soft . 
 `` come now , sister . 
 it 's for your own good . '' 
 `` i know . 
 th-thank you , brother . '' 
 she could not bring herself to look at him . 
 `` now ... please leave . '' 
 he remained there a moment , unmoving . 
 she did not bother to glance at his expression ; she did not care . 
 at last he turned , and she listened to the heavy thuds of his boots as he walked out , and shut the door softly behind him . 
 aydith did not budge for a long while . 
 she tried to find some peace and quietude within her mind , not thinking about anything else . 
 she forgot hastings was even in the room until she heard him shutting the lid of the brazier , and she shuddered . 
 she had managed to forget the destruction of her figurine until she heard that terrible sound . 
 `` my lady , '' said the hearth companion softly . 
 `` do n't speak to me , '' snapped aydith . 
 she wished she could order him to leave , but she knew she could not . 
 he would follow the king 's will over hers , as he should . 
 he walked closer to her , his feet treading much more quietly than aethelstan 's , even though he was a bigger man . 
 she smelled the ash and smoke that must have blown on him from the fire he encouraged , and it made her sick to her stomach . 
 she she heard a loud thunk , and turned to see that he had dropped something on the floor . 
 she gasped aloud . 
 it was blackened with soot , but it did not look very damaged . 
 it was the lady aethelfleda . 
 she reached to grab it , then dropped it very quickly , for it was still hot . 
 even so , she grinned from ear to ear as she looked up at hastings . 
 `` what ... how ... ? '' 
 `` it simply would not burn , my lady . '' 
 but his eyes twinkled with mischief as he smiled . 
 `` oh -- oh -- oh thank you , hastings ! '' 
 before she could restrain herself , she got up , opened her arms wide , and flung herself against the hearth companion . 
 she hugged him tight , her face smashed against his tunic just beneath his chest , the musky scent of his wools and sweat and leather filling her nose . 
 she realized after a moment how still he was , and quickly pulled away . 
 this must be very unseemly . 
 she turned around and felt her cheeks burning with a blush . 
 surely it was not normal for a male hearth companion to be alone with a woman in her chamber , but then again , many of today 's circumstances were not normal . 
 she was only eleven years old , of course ; but if she remembered correctly , so was the lady emma of normandy , who would soon be marrying her father . 
 if not eleven , emma was only a year or two older . 
 officially , aydith was of a marrying age , herself . 
 she had already begun her monthly cycle . 
 feeling a bit shy and confused , she picked up the wooden figure from the floor -- it was cool enough now to touch -- and clutched it close to her . 
 she cleared some of the soot from the wood , and as she revealed the woman underneath , she felt as if aethelfleda looked different to her now than she had before . 
 `` i ... i know little of history , '' said hastings from the shadows . 
 `` would you tell me about the lady aethelfleda ? '' 
 aydith took a deep breath , her heart fluttering . 
 it took no effort to tell the story of aethelfleda ; she did not even have to search her memory . 
 `` she was born over a hundred years ago , the daughter of the great king alfred , '' she began . 
 `` her husband was named aethelred , like my father . 
 their marriage helped bring the angles and saxons of engla-lond together , and united the kingdom against the vikings . 
 but he died . 
 after his death she ruled in his place , and the people called her the lady of mercia , serving her almost like a queen . 
 she built burgs and walls all around the cities and boundaries of mercia . 
 she was a brilliant strategist . 
 she led armies against the danes , and took back the cities of leicester and derby . 
 she even fought and recruited the welsh . 
 she ruled for almost eight years before she died . '' 
 she looked down at the toy in her hands . 
 suddenly , it had gone from being scorching hot to numbingly cold , and it looked ugly under its mask of black soot . 
 `` and then her daughter , aelfwynn , tried to rule in her mother 's place . 
 but aethelstan was right . 
 she was weak . '' 
 she walked back to the brazier and opened the lid . 
 `` my lady ? '' 
 hastings took a step towards her , then stopped . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` aethelstan 's right . 
 i should n't keep such toys . '' 
 her hand trembled as she lifted the figurine over the fire 's glow . 
 she realized the fire was burning even higher than she had anticipated . 
 how had the figurine not burned before ? 
 had hastings removed it from the fire right away ? 
 he must have , so she tried to get mad at him for it , seeking anger to give her strength . 
 he had deceived his own lord , an aetheling ! 
 perhaps he was not trustworthy at all . 
 she felt a twinge of pain in her heart , then she dropped the figurine into the flames . 
 before she could change her mind , she threw down the lid . 
 she looked at hastings , and he was scowling . 
 his normally kind eyes were narrowed , stinging her like alcohol splashed on an open wound . 
 `` oh , '' she cried suddenly . 
 `` i wish you would go away ! '' 
 he bowed his head , though his fists were clenched at his sides . 
 ethelred had told him not to let aydith leave his sight , and he stayed true to this as he backed away , ever so slowly , moving further and further from the aetheling . 
 eventually he was covered with shadows , and stood on the far side of the room , and such a quiet fell over them that it seemed as if he truly was gone , after all . 
 aydith got up and dragged her feet toward her bed . 
 so much crying and fussing had exhausted her . 
 she collapsed on her knees before even climbing onto her soft sheets , and folded her hands below her forehead . 
 she closed her eyes and whispered , so softly that she hoped hastings could not hear her . 
 `` dear lord , father in heaven , show me what to do . 
 teach me humility and give me understanding . 
 drive the terrible pagans from engla-lond . 
 smite down our enemies with your holy power , or show me what i can do in your stead . 
 amen . '' 
 it was a prayer she had muttered a few times before , a prayer she had devised and felt very proud of , but it seemed even more significant now than it had in the past . 
 feeling somewhat better , she climbed onto her sheets and drifted promptly to sleep . 
 * nightmares prevented her from resting that night . 
 she dreamt of the vikings making their way through engla-lond , burning homes and stabbing children , stealing food and pissing on what they did n't want , taking slaves and killing monks . 
 she relived the horrendous scene she had witnessed when she was four years old . 
 she hid in a church in lundenburg when sweyn forkbeard and his army attacked the old roman city . 
 they burned whatever they could , and even in the big stone church the smoke stung aydith 's eyes and filled her chest with a terrible cough . 
 then some of them broke in , and one of them stabbed a monk until his sword came out the other side , and he did n't even stop there . 
 his blade opened the monk wide , and even though aydith 's maid tried to put a hand over the little girl 's eyes , she still saw everything , spilling onto the church floor . 
 then something strange happened in her dream . 
 she grew up suddenly and became aethelfleda . 
 she married the ealdorman of mercia and bore him children . 
 but at the same time , she was already ensuring her role as the lady of mercia . 
 she did this by advising her husband and signing his documents . 
 people began to call her the lady of mercia long before her husband died and she led armies against the pagans . 
 next she led a fyrd against sweyn forkbeard , even though he had not yet been born in the time of aethelfleda . 
 he had fought the men of hampshire , and killed so many noble men , and his viking warriors ran all about burning and destroying . 
 but she , this new version of aydith , knew exactly where they were headed next , and knew how to gather an army there that could stop them . 
 but she could not gather the fyrd herself . 
 she would have to tell her husband to do it . 
 she woke up trembling and covered with sweat , but even as she clutched her sticky blankets , a smile stretched her face . 
 `` hastings ? 
 hastings ! '' 
 she sat up , searching for him in the darkness . 
 only a few candles remained lit , and the brazier had faded to the dull red glow of its embers . 
 a shadow moved and she turned hopefully , but she only saw one of her dim-witted maids , peering at her with a weary face . 
 `` he was relieved of duty , my lady . '' 
 aydith plopped back down on her sheets , strangely disappointed , even though hastings was not the man to which her dream , and thus god , had directed her . 
 she had no husband , of course , and her father would not listen to her ; but she had two older brothers who were in line to take the throne and could make important decisions . 
 she knew without a doubt that god wanted her to keep talking to aethelstan , just as aethelfleda had signed her husband 's documents . 
 she would do so more humbly , next time . 
 just like aethelfleda , she would provide support to those in power , and they would not even notice what power she obtained for herself , in the meantime . 
 besides , power was not the point . 
 the point was to save engla-lond from the pagans . 
 her eyes peered heavenward , glittering as if with holy light , even as her eyelids drifted shut once more . 
 `` yes , lord , '' she whispered . 
 `` i understand . 
 it is aethelstan who must gather the armies , and i must help him . 
 i must ... '' her body slipped from her consciousness , and her mind returned happily to her dreams , which were much more pleasant now than before . 
 ** 4 the fourth lost tale of mercia : athelward the historian -lrb- back to table of contents -rrb- `` there , are , indeed , some notices of antiquity , written in the vernacular tongue after the manner of a chronicle , and arranged according to the years of our lord . 
 by means of these alone , the times succeeding -lsb- bede -rsb- have been rescued from oblivion : for of -lsb- athelward -rsb- , a noble and illustrious man , who attempted to arrange these chronicles in latin , and whose intention i could applaud if his language did not disgust me , it is better to be silent . '' 
 -- william of malmesbury , chronicle of the kings of england , preface * hampshire , wessex 993 a.d. . 
 the intruder entered quietly , but athelward recognized the footsteps of his dearest servant right away . 
 the servant knew better than to interrupt the ealdorman in the middle of his work , so this must be an emergency . 
 but if this was an emergency , why did n't the servant say something ? 
 silent or not , his presence wreaked irreparable damage . 
 athelward could not focus on his writing when someone loomed close enough to see over his shoulder , nor when such trivial questions plagued his mind as why the servant entered in the first place . 
 already , he felt himself slipping from his own stream of thought : a stream consisting of the dazzling rapids of history swirling in harmony with the sophisticated currents of the latin language . 
 athelward 's quill quivered with his growing frustration , then at last fell aside . 
 it was too late now ; his focus had been dashed upon the rocks and left to dry . 
 through gritted teeth , he said , `` what is it ? '' 
 `` there is a woman here to see you , my lord . 
 she seeks your aid . '' 
 the celtic servant , drustan , seemed entirely undaunted by his master 's mood . 
 very little phased drustan , who had a smug and rather reckless demeanor for a servant . 
 despite this , he almost always seemed to know athelward 's mind , even without being told what to do , so athelward kept him . 
 this , however , was not such a fitting example . 
 athelward could not believe he had been interrupted for something so trivial , and without more of an explanation . 
 because he was ealdorman of wessex , thousands of people desired his aid every day . 
 the fortune of a single woman , when compared to the importance of completing the great literary work athelward now devoted himself to , was so trivial as to be completely insignificant . 
 athelward closed his eyes and took a deep breath . 
 the candles around him fluttered as he exhaled , casting undulating waves of warmth on his face . 
 he did not want to waste his time with a useless conversation right now , especially with a servant he would probably expel from his service on the morrow . 
 better to simply ignore drustan 's presence and get back to work . 
 after a few moments , he felt as if he succeeded . 
 he felt the stream of latin words flowing back into his mind , the stream which flowed to his heart , then through his blood to his fingertips . 
 he brought his quill back to the parchment . 
 `` my lord ? 
 her name is golde . 
 she says she knows you . 
 she has a child with her , a little boy , and they look very traumatized . '' 
 athelward put down his quill with an angry smack . 
 he turned slowly around , the wooden chair creaking beneath him , the bones of his back popping and groaning in harmony with the furniture . 
 usually , tearing himself away from his writing was a smoother and more gradual transition , aided by a long prayer and a little bit of stretching . 
 this interruption was simply inexcusable . 
 now that he looked upon drustan directly , though through a haze of anger , he thought the servant seemed even smugger than usual . 
 his eyes were twinkling , and his gaunt cheeks glowed bright pink . 
 his short straw-like hair , meanwhile , was a total mess upon his head , like a roll of hay that had been rummaged by a bear . 
 athelward 's eyes squinted even further , for he now felt suspicious . 
 `` golde ? 
 i do n't recall her . 
 is she of noble blood ? 
 married to a thegn ? 
 is she a landowner ? 
 a churl ? '' 
 drustan shook his head at the first two questions , then nodded at the last . 
 athelward guffawed . 
 how much more ridiculous could this get ? 
 `` what sort of churl ? 
 a geneat ? 
 a kotsletla ? 
 a gebur ? '' 
 drustan stared back at him with a dumb expression . 
 athelward waved his hands frantically in the air . 
 `` saints above , who is she ? '' 
 `` she said she was a friend of the ealdorman -- er , now exiled , i think -- who ruled mercia . 
 alfric , my lord . '' 
 athelward sat up , attentive at last . 
 now , he remembered . 
 she was a woman with long blond hair , a beautiful round face , and even less manners than the fool standing before him . 
 worse , she had been a whore , or something similar enough to be considered equivalent . 
 but worst of all , she was associated with alfric , and to be associated with alfric -- whose son had recently gotten his eyes removed by king ethelred 's soldiers -- was probably one of the most dangerous traits in engla-lond at this given time . 
 athelward bowed his head and crossed himself . 
 when he was done , he looked back up at drustan , eyes blazing . 
 `` what on earth possessed you to think i would want to speak with her , drustan ? 
 oh , i have a theory -- you were not thinking at all ! '' 
 at last , with a heave of effort , athelward pulled himself from his chair . 
 he did not like to think of himself as old yet -- though some might call him such -- but he was certainly not heavy or unfit . 
 in fact he was quite skinny , and any extra girth or awkwardness came from his somewhat excessive height . 
 moving from the realm of literary knowledge to the physical world of sensation and sin was simply a difficult maneuver . 
 once at last he stood and reclaimed his body , pushing back his shoulders and lifting his noble beard , he loomed over his servant and cut a respectable figure . 
 for a moment , drustan looked encouraged . 
 he must have thought athelward was getting up to see the woman . 
 but his smirk turned into a frown when athelward took a loping step forward , craning his head low to look the servant up and down . 
 he observed the ruffled state of drustan 's tunic , then the loosened nature of his trousers . 
 `` you know better than to interrupt me . 
 how did she persuade you ? '' 
 asked the ealdorman . 
 `` she , uh ... '' drustan laughed nervously . 
 athelward crossed his arms over his chest and stared at the servant in silence . 
 `` well , she ... um ... '' drustan moved his arms about , then dropped them again , helpless . 
 athelward sighed heavily , his suspicions confirmed . 
 `` i will see her at church on sunday and give her some alms , like so many others in need . 
 it sounds as if she needs god as greatly as she needs money , after all . 
 that is all i can do for her , drustan . '' 
 he turned to go back to his table , feeling strangely victorious . 
 `` she ... she does n't want money , my lord . 
 in fact , she says she wants to give you some . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 athelward turned back around , intrigued despite himself . 
 a wandering churl wanted to give him money ? 
 `` whatever for ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , my lord . 
 she just told me she walked all the way from worcestershire -- '' the ealdorman saw that it was useless to keep talking , and he had already wasted a great deal of time arguing with his servant , when it would have been faster to see the woman herself and send her away . 
 without another word , he strode past drustan and out the door . 
 the sensations of the world beyond the sanctuary of his scriptorium struck him like a whip as he moved through his manor . 
 at first he simply smelled people : that combination of musky , tart scents emitted by every slave , maid , churl , or thegn who passed through his lodge . 
 as he neared the outdoors , he began to smell wool , its bitter fibres coated with lard and butter to form air that stuffed his nose as he inhaled . 
 this time of year , with the coming warmth of summer , lucky sheep got sheared all across engla-lond , and anyone with good sense purchased some of the wool for himself . 
 but at last he stepped outside , where the breeze was not cool enough to balance the warmth of the searing sunshine , but at least it eased the olfactory senses -- except , of course , for the occasional wafting odors of hot manure and freshly reaped grass . 
 through the glare of bright white sunshine , glowing green fields , and a piercing blue sky , athelward soon spotted his strange visitor . 
 she had the same long yellow hair he remembered , and lashes so pale they were almost white , which made her blue gaze especially fierce as she turned it on him . 
 he stopped a good distance from the woman , all too aware of her persuasive powers , though he did not consider himself to be easily moved by matters of the flesh . 
 even so he could not help but admire her : the sturdiness of her small frame as she stood in the wind , the lack of weariness on her face despite the tattered state of her dress and shoes . 
 then athelward noticed the little boy standing next to her , head bowed and downcast , small hands curled into fists at his sides . 
 he seemed as if he did not want to be seen , but athelward could not suppress a gasp of surprise , for he saw the curliness of the boy 's hair lashing in the wind , and it occurred to him that this might be alfric 's son . 
 but no , it could n't be algar , whose eyes had been seared out with hot pokers . 
 athelward forced his gaze back to the woman , golde , trying to fill his stare with as much stubbornness as he detected in hers . 
 `` state your business quickly or go . 
 if your business involves alfric i 'll not touch it . 
 he was my friend once but his actions have necessitated my opposition to -- '' she pulled a pouch from her dress and gave it a quick shake , so that he could hear the jangle of coins within . 
 `` this is as close to alfric as my business will ever come . 
 i took this from his manor when i went there to rescue my own son . '' 
 `` are you a thief , then ? '' 
 the historian felt uncomfortable , for the way she held out the money made her dress poof out and display more of her well-rounded breasts than he cared to see . 
 `` of course not . 
 alfric was long gone by the time i found this , his household and all of his belongings were up for grabs to anyone who could snatch them up . 
 including his poor blinded son , who he left to die . '' 
 the little boy made a small whimper , and she pulled him tighter against her skirts . 
 `` anyway , it 's money , and i have traveled over a hundred miles without using it , all so that i could give it to you . '' 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 he cried . 
 she stepped closer , her soft lips curling into a smile . 
 `` because i know you respect money , and you will take it in exchange for a service of equal value , even if that service is unconventional . '' 
 he was impressed by the woman 's awareness of his feelings towards money , not to mention her obvious ambition . 
 some years ago , athelward -- alongside ealdorman alfric , in fact -- had advised king ethelred to pay off the vikings with money rather than to engage in another bloody and meaningless battle . 
 many anglo-saxons had been embittered by this decision ; even though it bought them some peace , they suffered the more immediate effect of losing their money , food , and hard-earned wares . 
 no doubt some of the gossip surrounding the danegald payment , and athelward 's involvement in it , had been blown out of proportion . 
 `` i respect money 's ability to save human lives , '' he said . 
 `` nothing more . '' 
 her eyes seemed to twinkle a little as her smile broadened . 
 `` and what if it could save the human spirit ? '' 
 athelward shook his head in puzzlement . 
 `` you speak nonsense . 
 i told you , golde : state your business quickly , or leave ! '' 
 `` all right , i will state my business . 
 i want you to give my son an education . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 he felt his own blood drain from his face . 
 `` i am an ealdorman . 
 i do n't have time to -- '' `` you are an ealdorman also known as the ` historian . ' 
 unlike any other layman before you , you spend more time reading books and scribbling histories than gathering soldiers and sharpening spears . '' 
 `` i ... i ... '' instinctively , he felt the need to argue . 
 she was a churl , and shamelessly sinful . 
 but in truth , her statement made him proud . 
 she recognized his accomplishment as being one of the first dedicated scribes who was not also a clergyman , while most people -- finding it strange , and thus incomprehensible -- simply ignored this feat . 
 perhaps she even had a vague understanding , if skewed , of what he valued . 
 he hesitated too long to form his response , and she found the breath for more words . 
 `` i want to use this money for something even more valuable than a human body , '' she went on relentlessly . 
 `` i want you to give my boy knowledge , and understanding . 
 i want him to be able to make his life into whatever he wants it to be , despite what other people expect of him . '' 
 athelward continued to shake his head , harder and harder . 
 `` that is not how god made the world ! 
 men must make the best of the blood god gave them . '' 
 `` blood ? '' 
 she looked puzzled . 
 `` if by blood you mean we are not in the family of some great king like you , then that 's all the more reason for you to help him ` make the best of it . '' ' 
 athelward wanted to keep shaking his head , but a small crowd had gathered , and he found himself in an unusual situation . 
 her proposal was absurd , but indeed , she offered him a pouch of money , and it would look wrong for him to turn it down . 
 he glanced angrily at the people around him : soldiers , servants , visiting thegns , and a few begging churls . 
 he had made a speech to every single one of them , years ago , that their money could serve a greater purpose than buying mere food and clothing : it could buy them peace from the danes . 
 now , a woman stood before him , asking to use her money for something greater than a physical comfort . 
 how could he deny her that , in front of so many witnesses ? 
 and yet , even accounting for his own unusual philosophy , her request was absurd . 
 surely everyone else could see that ? 
 `` i am an ealdorman , '' he repeated . 
 `` i do n't have the time to educate a bastard child . '' 
 perhaps he had gone too far . 
 he could feel the disappointment of his people around him ; they pursed their lips , lowered their heads , and exchanged knowing glances that seemed to say , `` i knew he would disappoint us . '' 
 meanwhile , the woman golde 's cheeks flushed bright red , and when she clenched her fists , he saw the veins bulge along her forearm . 
 no doubt she possessed more strength than her small figure suggested . 
 `` time ? '' 
 she said . 
 a breeze gushed as if from nowhere , rustling her dress and tossing her hair , making the rest of her appear even sturdier . 
 `` you bought all of engla-lond a year of peace -- almost a year , at least -- with ten thousand pounds . 
 so if time can be money , tell me , my lord : how much of your time is this pouch worth ? '' 
 she held it out again , and he felt so flustered that his face burned hot . 
 she was turning his own ideas against him . 
 she was clever , but her primary talent seemed to be throwing his own words back at him , in which case this conversation could go on forever . 
 it was useless to argue , and to indulge her any longer would give the people too much to talk about . 
 he grabbed the pouch and pretended to weigh it in his hand , calculating . 
 but how could he calculate the worth of his time ? 
 the notion was preposterous . 
 he looked at the boy again , clutching his mother 's skirts , big blue eyes filled with something like fear and hopelessness . 
 he was either a churl with worthless blood , or a bastard , and in either case he was not worth even a fragment of athelward 's time . 
 but he had already caused a great deal to be wasted , nonetheless . 
 `` bring him to my writing chamber at dawn tomorrow ; i will teach him until mid-morning . 
 that is all . '' 
 clutching the pouch in one hand and his robes in the other , athelward turned and hurried back inside . 
 he could not erase from his mind the smile of triumph he had seen on golde 's face before he tore his eyes from her . 
 he hoped he had not made some sort of mistake . 
 * in the morning , athelward felt strangely nervous . 
 he could not even explain why . 
 the night before , golde 's words had echoed at him throughout his entire night meal . 
 his son 's family was visiting that night . 
 his wife had tried to make light conversation and had even asked him about his writing , a topic he normally loved to discuss . 
 but he could not think of much to say . 
 meanwhile , he had watched his own grandchildren fussing at the table , kicking each other 's stools and playing with their food . 
 most of all , he stared at his own son , aethelmaer . 
 aethelmaer was large , fat , and dumb as a rock . 
 most of the time , athelward managed to ignore this fact . 
 but last night , he could not . 
 he watched aethelmaer stuff down his food , fail to reprimand the bad behavior of his children , and continue to say stupid and meaningless things . 
 he spoke proudly of his rapacious hearth companions , his cowering servants , and how he was looking forward to an upcoming saint 's festival -- but he could not even remember the saint 's name . 
 athelward spoke little at night , but at one point , he could not stop himself . 
 he looked his son in the eyes and proclaimed , `` i taught you to read ! '' 
 aethelmaer stared at him strangely , as he should have , for the statement had little precedent . 
 the fat son had a big bite of food in his mouth which he forced down his throat with a gulp of wine . 
 at last he said , `` um , yes you did . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` thank you ? '' 
 athelward shook his head . 
 `` i do n't want thanks . 
 i want results . 
 do you ever read anymore , aethelmaer ? 
 do you use anything i taught you ? '' 
 the young man shrugged his big round shoulders . 
 `` sure i do . '' 
 `` i mean beyond determining charters and taxes . '' 
 `` what else is reading for ? '' 
 aethelmaer took another desperate drought of wine . 
 athelward sighed . 
 `` have you started teaching your own children ? '' 
 `` they 're too young ! '' 
 `` you were younger than them when i began teaching you . '' 
 `` yeah , and i almost forgot everything ! '' 
 aethelmaer laughed nervously , flinging spittle across his plate . 
 `` anyway , i 'll get a monk to teach them . 
 unless , that is , you expect me to teach them latin ? '' 
 he made a wet sound of disgust . 
 `` i do n't know why you spend so much time turning history into latin , father . 
 everyone thinks you are mad ! 
 i do remember at least one thing you taught me , which is that king alfred himself wanted history to be written in english , so more people could understand it ! '' 
 athelward had gripped his dirk and seethed with anger ; his wife had sensed his mood and put a calming hand on his arm . 
 but he did not know what to say to her . 
 he could not explain what he was feeling , nor why he was feeling it now . 
 as he sat in the solitude of his writing chamber the next morning , anxiously awaiting the strange boy 's arrival , he tried to determine why he felt so upset . 
 he suspected it had something to do with his disappointment in his own son , to whom he had tried to pass off the culmination of his life 's studies . 
 the disappointment had been there for a long time , he realized , but he had ignored it until last night . 
 the woman pleading for her poor son 's education reminded him of the hopes he once entertained for aethelmaer . 
 once , he imagined aethelmaer becoming wise and clever , using his vast knowledge to impress the king and perhaps become the king 's most trusted adviser . 
 he imagined aethelmaer coming up with brilliant battle schemes , or at least defensive tactics , to push the pagan vikings from engla-lond 's shores . 
 instead , aethelmaer was another man , like so many , who simply did what he was told , and rarely thought beyond his next meal . 
 aethelward heaved a sigh , and then heard the door creak open . 
 the boy stood there , hands clasped in front of him , head bowed so that his unruly hair nearly covered his face . 
 he looked cleaner now , either because this room was so dim , or because his mother had meticulously washed him up for this moment . 
 but the patheticness of his hunched form negated any image of dignity his mother had contrived , and aethelward knew for certain that the boy wanted to be here even less than athelward did . 
 he sighed again , thinking it would be best to get this over with as soon as possible . 
 `` well then , '' said athelward , `` come and sit on this stool . '' 
 the boy obeyed , but he sank his small body down as if he possessed the weight of a horse . 
 he remained there in silence , head sagging on his little neck , and for a moment athelward was n't sure what to do . 
 then , as he often did when in doubt , he turned to his books . 
 `` i , uh ... i suppose i should start with our ancestors from anglia , across the sea . 
 do you know whom i speak of ? '' 
 he paused to sip from a goblet of water and let the boy respond , but his reluctant pupil did not even look up . 
 `` you ought to know : the angles and saxons are responsible for our existence , you and i , here in engla-lond . 
 the angles begot the eastern and midland angles , and many of the people who now live in mercia , and most the other people north of the river humber . 
 then there were the saxons and juts , who lived on provinces on either side of anglia . 
 five or six centuries ago , the angles and saxons both decided to leave their lands and come to engla-lond . 
 the saxons , my own ancestors , claimed the lands of essex , middlesex , sussex , and wessex -- and i , you see , am a descendant of the saxon royal line of wessex , the same line as king alfred the great ! '' 
 again , no response . 
 `` in any case , the angles and saxons fought the people here -- that is the celts -- to claim their own homes . 
 but they also forged alliances , to protect each other against common enemies like the picts and the irish ... '' the little boy sniffled . 
 athelward realized he was probably speaking to himself . 
 his eyes darted around his table uncertainly . 
 `` boy , '' he grumbled , `` what is it you want to learn ? 
 i could teach you history , or i could teach you a few letters -- though that wo n't do you any good , as you 'll never be back here again to learn them all . 
 or you could sit there and waste your mother 's money ! '' 
 he waved his hands angrily . 
 `` you should at least pay attention ! 
 your mother paid a great deal for you to be here . 
 if you 're to learn anything you should sit up straight , and keep your eyes alert , and -- '' the boy surprised him by obeying . 
 then the ealdorman gulped with dismay , for as the boy looked up through his tangled curls , he revealed big blue eyes filled with tears . 
 `` my lord , why do people fight so much ? '' 
 he said . 
 athelward cleared his throat and sat up straighter . 
 `` for land , and resources , and ... and power , i suppose . '' 
 the little mercian looked away for a moment , seeming to really ponder this . 
 then , his eyes rippling with new tears , he said , `` then why did they hurt algar ? '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 and then , suddenly , athelward put it together . 
 `` algar -- lord alfric 's son ? '' 
 the boy nodded . 
 `` oh dear . '' 
 he must have meant the same algar , then , whose eyes had recently been ripped from his skull . 
 he recalled golde saying she had `` rescued '' her son from alfric , which is also when she had stolen the money from alfric 's abandoned belongings . 
 `` listen , boy ... what is your name , again ? '' 
 `` eadric . '' 
 `` eadric . 
 did you see algar get hurt ? '' 
 the boy 's face scrunched up , as if a certain amount of twisting could keep back his tears . 
 he did n't say anything , but this was answer enough for athelward . 
 either he had seen the violence happen , or he had seen its bloody aftermath . 
 `` i 'm sure it 's hard for you to understand what happened to algar . 
 but it is the perfect example of violence done in the name of power . 
 king ethelred needed to maintain his power by hurting the man who had wronged him -- lord alfric . 
 but alfric escaped , so he punished the next person available . '' 
 `` algar did n't do anything wrong ! '' 
 `` he was alfric 's son . '' 
 eadric looked confused . 
 `` our lineage determines our fate , eadric . 
 algar was in the wrong by being born of alfric . '' 
 `` that 's stupid ! '' 
 athelward glowered . 
 he thought he could guess why a poor little boy like this might say something like that . 
 `` was algar ... was he your brother ? '' 
 eadric stiffened and became very still . 
 `` no . 
 alfric 's not my father . '' 
 it seemed like a recited response : one his mother had instilled in him , no doubt . 
 but one had only to look at him to guess his father . 
 `` if alfric 's not , who is ? '' 
 `` um ... '' eadric kicked his feet nervously as he considered his . 
 `` hunwald . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 eadric grew still again , a fierce scowl creating dozens of lines on his round little face . 
 `` why does it matter ? '' 
 `` why does it matter ? '' 
 athelward guffawed . 
 `` does your mother teach you nothing ? '' 
 he grabbed his goblet of water and drank thirstily , as if this would quell his rising anger . 
 when he slammed it back down , he nearly splashed some drops on his parchment , so furious was he . 
 he waved angrily at his manuscripts . 
 `` our fathers make us who we are , eadric . 
 my great-great grandfather was ethelred of wessex , brother of king alfred the great ! 
 my name means royal protector . 
 i owned this land , and have the responsibility of overseeing many others , because my father and his fathers passed such things on to me . '' 
 `` can you pass any of that on to me , '' said eadric , `` without being my father ? '' 
 athelward 's mouth hung open . 
 he said nothing for a long while , just stared at the boy in utter horror . 
 then the little boy did something even more ridiculous . 
 he smiled , tears dissipating as his eyes twinkled . 
 `` the look on your face ! '' 
 he snickered . 
 athelward forced his mouth shut , feeling his face turn red nonetheless . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` but the answer is no , i ca n't pass those things on to you ! 
 the idea 's absurd ! '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 eadric shrugged , still smiling . 
 `` i 'd rather do something fun , anyway . 
 none of that sounds like fun . '' 
 `` fun ! 
 it 's not about fun ! '' 
 `` then why do you do it ? '' 
 the boy was looking curiously at the ealdorman 's books . 
 athelward followed his gaze to the manuscripts : the carefully blotted ink , the leather and gilt decorations encasing the pages , and all of the ridiculous stories contained within . 
 he could have gone into a long speech about how he was protecting his family 's history , and thus that of wessex . 
 but he did not . 
 instead , he felt a little smile crease his face , as if of its own will . 
 `` well ... i suppose it is a little fun . '' 
 he felt a warm wave of joy arise within him out of nowhere , filling him up and rising to his throat . 
 `` hah ! '' 
 he cried . 
 `` i suppose it is a little fun ! '' 
 `` no it 's not , '' said eadric , still laughing . 
 `` you 're just saying that . '' 
 `` oh , but it is ! '' 
 athelward grabbed his quill and raised it up high . 
 `` sometimes , eadric , it makes me feel like a king ! '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` oh yes ! 
 i write about great hordes of people , of armies and battles , and sometimes i feel almost like i am orchestrating them myself ! 
 just now , for instance , i was writing about the battle of ethandun . '' 
 he leaned in close to eadric , lowering his voice as if to divulge a secret . 
 `` the battle took place after king alfred and his army had been hiding in the marshes of wessex for a long and miserable year , while the danes and their leader , guthrum , managed to take over most of engla-lond . 
 wessex , you see , was the only kingdom still resisting the vikings , and it seemed as if all was lost . 
 alfred was so desperate that he disguised himself as a minstrel to sneak into the enemy 's camp . 
 but then he gathered all the peoples of somerset , wiltshire , and hampshire , for alfred had managed to maintain their loyalty despite everything , and he marched upon the enemy , who did not expect it at all ! 
 now -- did they win or lose ? 
 my quill can determine the answer ! '' 
 eadric watched with huge eyes , fascinated as athelward brought the pen back to paper . 
 teasingly , he wrote a quick word . 
 eadric nearly fell off his stool reaching for the quill . 
 `` i want to try ! 
 i want to make them win ! '' 
 athelward pulled it from his reach , but playfully . 
 `` not so fast , now ! 
 you do n't even know how to do it ! '' 
 `` let me try ! '' 
 eadric stood on top of his stool now , grabbing athelward 's shoulder for balance as he reached . 
 before the ealdorman could help it , the quill had been plucked from his grip . 
 eadric held it then teetered forward , falling off the stool and towards the table . 
 `` no ! '' 
 cried athelward . 
 he watched his bottle of ink tilt sideways , directly over a stack of freshly written pages . 
 a large jolt went through the table as eadric landed , making the wood shudder , the candles flicker , and the bottle fall . 
 as athelward dove forward to catch it , his heart beat uncontrollably , his blood roared in his ears , and his thoughts raced so fast they made him dizzy . 
 as his fingertips clutched for the slippery clay surface of the container , his mind rushed ahead , watching as the ink spilled out and obscured all of his hard work , all of his carefully navigated streams , drowning everything in a blinding flood like the one god gave noah , destroying the world so that it could all start anew . 
 he imagined this , and then he realized that he was imagining it , so maybe none of it would happen , and he would stop the ink from spilling in time . 
 but by then it was too late . 
 the rush of black ink spilled forth , instantly soaking his pages through , and he was too frozen with horror to do anything about it . 
 he heard the little boy 's cries ringing in the air , as if from a distant chamber . 
 `` oh no ! 
 my lord ? 
 my lord ! '' 
 little eadric did what he could to belittle the damage of the flood he had unleashed ; he grabbed the pages and flung them into the air , away from the spreading black deluge . 
 but it was still too late : all of the pages had been touched . 
 even if the words were still legible , the beautiful artistry and cleanliness of them had been ruined ; they would look like the work of a sorry layman trying to be a scribe , but failing miserably . 
 it would be a confirmation to everyone who had ever doubted him that they were right to do so : that god never wanted an ealdorman to chronicle history , and he especially did not want one to do so in latin . 
 it was like a sign from the lord that all of athelward 's hard work was meaningless ; that his dedication had been nothing but a conceited fancy . 
 in the end , he was a failure . 
 when sensation returned to him , he felt himself trembling from head to foot . 
 he could hardly find the strength to speak . 
 the little boy was cowering before him , eyes filled with tears again , guessing the horribleness of what he had done . 
 `` will i ... will i still find out what happened at the battle of ethandun ? '' 
 `` get out , '' rasped athelward . 
 he took a deep breath , but still he struggled to raise the volume of his voice , which trembled with the exhaustion of utter despair . 
 `` get . 
 out . '' 
 eadric obeyed . 
 in the little boy 's absence , the room that had once been his sanctuary felt suddenly like the darkest , loneliest , and emptiest place on earth . 
 * athelward did not speak another word to anyone all day . 
 his servant , drustan , discovered what had happened and knew better than to ask about it ; he cleaned it up and closed the chamber up tight . 
 athelward sat in his room a long while , staring into nothingness . 
 eventually , he found it in his heart to pray , though he could not do even this for very long . 
 he was simply too angry . 
 every once in awhile people knocked on his door , but drustan guarded it , and told them all that athelward was busy . 
 when it was time for dinner , athelward went , but he sat still and barely touched his food . 
 the sight of his son , aethelmaer , gobbling down his own meal made him sick to his stomach . 
 the fat man filled the silence by talking on and on , about this and that , this and that , but all of his words passed through athelward 's mind , leaving nothing behind . 
 they were meaningless . 
 empty . 
 perhaps everything , he thought , was meaningless . 
 he drank a great deal that night to dull his anger and help himself sleep . 
 the lord must have been in a merciful temper by nightfall , for when he awoke the next morning , he suffered few ill effects for this indulgence . 
 in fact , he felt better . 
 he got up and donned his robes while his wife continued to sleep in the bed behind him . 
 he thought about all of the work he needed to do : all of the thegns and abbots he needed to speak to , all of the walls and bridges throughout hampshire and beyond that needed repairing before fall came . 
 he already wanted to start campaigning for another danegald to be paid upon sweyn forkbeard 's next return . 
 that would be much more difficult to arrange without the help of lord alfric , who simply had a way of persuading people , which for athelward required much more effort . 
 he thought about all of these things because he was looking towards the future again , and he could endure thinking about the future because when he awoke this morning , he found a reason to feel hope . 
 in order to ensure that hope , however , there was something he needed to do first . 
 he walked outside and found the morning suited his mood . 
 despite being summer , the sun was low enough that it had not yet cleared the night 's chill . 
 a soft haze covered the horizon , and dew glittered golden on the grass , and bugs thrummed about with the energy of the dawn . 
 he made his way to the servant 's lodge , where he knew little eadric and his mother had stayed the night . 
 he stopped some distance away from it , stayed by its terrible stench . 
 in that lodge all of the servants and maids slept , some on mats , some on the floorboards , and others on dirty rushes . 
 fortunately , drustan had followed him , and he told drustan to go in and fetch what he wanted . 
 drustan came back out shortly and said , `` they 're gone , sir . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 athelward shook his head angrily . 
 `` the sun 's barely risen ! 
 i thought the woman had more stubbornness than that . '' 
 he took a deep breath and thought a moment . 
 then he made his way to the kitchens . 
 fortunately , he caught them in time . 
 the woman , golde , was bartering with the cooks , trying to get as much food as she could before leaving on her journey to who knew where . 
 little eadric stood silently by her side , his head and shoulders even more drooped than they had been when he first arrived . 
 no doubt he had been severely reprimanded by his mother for failing her . 
 emotion and empathy stirred in athelward 's heart . 
 golde took some food and thrust it into her sack . 
 then she grabbed eadric 's hand , and made to leave . 
 `` golde , '' said athelward . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he saw the muscles in her arm tauten as she squeezed eadric 's hand ; her eyes glittered like the dew as she glared at the ealdorman . 
 `` we do n't need you . 
 we have a home and a way to feed ourselves in worcestershire . '' 
 `` you do n't need me ? '' 
 athelward smiled as he looked at eadric , but eadric refused to return his gaze . 
 `` what about giving eadric an education ? '' 
 he was pleased to see her determined expression waver with uncertainty . 
 `` but -- yesterday -- '' `` yesterday taught me something very valuable , golde , '' he said . 
 he glanced at the cooks and servants , who were all watching him with awed expressions . 
 `` let 's speak in private . '' 
 golde followed him into the field , away from the mouth-watering smells of breakfast being prepared . 
 they looked over the chalky slopes of southern hampshire , and in the distance , the haze was lifting enough to reveal the tallest buildings of winchester far away . 
 `` i thought eadric ruined your precious manuscripts , '' said golde softly . 
 `` i thought you would never forgive him . '' 
 `` yes , he did . '' 
 athelward looked fondly at the boy again . 
 `` and that 's when i realized that , perhaps , they were too precious . '' 
 golde cocked a curious eyebrow . 
 athelward heaved another sigh ; remembering the events of yesterday were still painful . 
 `` so much hard work ... so many years of study and labor ... gone in an instant . '' 
 he watched as a bundle of clouds swept over the sun , casting shadows on the glittering earth below . 
 `` i know my work is important , but god taught me a lesson yesterday . 
 it is not quite as important as i hoped it to be . 
 it is not enough to save my knowledge in a manuscript , especially one that no one may ever read , save my cousin matilda . 
 perhaps , even if eadric had not spilled ink on it , it may have perished in the fires of the next viking raid . 
 no ... it may not be enough to put my work on parchment alone . '' 
 he could sense golde 's confusion and burning desire to keep asking questions , but she was quiet , and allowed him to gather his thoughts . 
 `` i do not think i successfully passed on my knowledge to my own children . 
 they never understood what a gift i was giving them . 
 they showed little interest , and practically no curiosity . 
 i think this is a chance for me to pass the knowledge to someone who will pay attention to it -- perhaps even use it . 
 despite his recklessness ... '' he peered around the boy 's thick glowing hair , seeking out his eyes . 
 reluctantly , eadric 's gaze met his , huge and gaping with fear . 
 athelward smiled reassuringly . 
 he remembered how eadric had asked , before athelward commanded him to leave , if he would ever hear the full story of the battle of ethandun . 
 his own children had never been so curious . 
 it was eadric 's curiosity that made all the difference in the world . 
 `` despite everything , i sense a certain amount of potential in eadric . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 golde sounded breathless . 
 `` you 'll teach him to read ? 
 you 'll teach him history ? '' 
 `` i 'll do what i can . '' 
 he glanced back at his own manor . 
 `` i do n't want what i am doing to be a well known fact . 
 it 's unseemly and would give people ... unrealistic notions . 
 and in any case , i am a very busy man . 
 i truly will not have much time to spend with eadric , especially now that i will have to rewrite my chronicles . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` my secretary drustan knows a great deal , however ; and if nothing else , i know plenty of monks who owe me favors . 
 when i can , i will teach eadric myself , and when i ca n't , i 'll get a monk to do it . '' 
 he looked at golde , seeing the sparkle of joy in her gaze ; but she was holding it back , maintaining a cautious frown . 
 `` is there a catch ? 
 what do you expect in return ? '' 
 athelward shrugged . 
 `` i 'll require you to work for me , of course . 
 we 'll find a suitable job . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 golde shook her head . 
 `` i would rather continue giving you money . '' 
 the ealdorman scowled . 
 `` if you plan to go on whoring or stealing , that is out of the question . '' 
 `` i left a great number of pigs in worcestershire . 
 no doubt a lot of them have scattered and been snatched up by now , but i want to salvage what i can . 
 i 'm sure i can at least come up with enough money to pay you a second time what i 've paid you already . '' 
 `` why go through all that trouble ? '' 
 `` no offense , my lord , but i 'd like to ensure a future back in mercia , once eadric 's finished here . 
 less war there , right now . 
 and it 's our home . '' 
 he waved his hands with exasperation . 
 `` do what you will , woman ! 
 i do n't care , so long as you do n't vanish and leave him motherless . '' 
 he took a moment to consider all of this . 
 she seemed very wayward indeed , so perhaps he needed to give her a few terms , despite making up his own mind . 
 `` come back at least once a year with the money . '' 
 `` very well . 
 i 'll do that for however long it takes . '' 
 `` how long it takes for what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` until he 's ready . '' 
 she reached down and ruffled eadric 's hair . 
 he , too , was smiling . 
 `` so we have a deal ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the grins were contagious , and athelward found one on his own face , as well . 
 `` we have a deal . '' 
 ** 5 the fifth lost tale of mercia : alfgifu the orphan -lrb- back to table of contents -rrb- `` then came king ethelred home , in lent , to his own people ; and he was gladly received by them all . 
 meanwhile , after the death of sweyne , sat knute with his army in gainsborough until easter ... '' -- the anglo-saxon chronicles , entry for year 1014 * gainsborough spring , 1014 a.d. alfgifu of northampton did not want to admit that she was nervous , but when she saw the viking encampment looming ahead , her fear burned in her stomach until she could not ignore it . 
 she forced herself to think the same thought over , and over , and over again : canute lost his father , too . 
 canute lost his father , too . 
 this single thought struggled to stay afloat as the approaching camp drowned her with physical sensations . 
 the lines of brightly painted shields along the burg walls seared her eyes . 
 meat-scented smoke burned her nostrils . 
 the clashing of playful weapons rang in her ears . 
 these sensations pulled her too deeply into a reality that made her doubt the strength of her purpose . 
 but canute lost his father , too . 
 a growl rumbled from her throat , and her thin legs clutched tightly around her horse , making it lunge forward . 
 when she thought about it too much , she wondered if this single fact had truly been reason enough to travel almost one hundred miles and introduce herself to the new king of the vikings . 
 she had so many hopes for what to accomplish here , but as far as true justifications went -- or reasons to believe she might actually succeed -- they all boiled down to a mere gut instinct , and the one thought that seemed to accompany it . 
 yes , canute had just lost his father . 
 she had lost her father many years ago , and it had changed her life irrevocably . 
 this would bind her to canute , she thought , and form a permanent connection . 
 she would be able to help him in a moment of weakness ; she would be able to understand what he was going through better than most . 
 she would be able to gain his trust . 
 and once she gained his trust , she would be able to turn him against eadric streona . 
 * `` what do you mean , he is busy ? '' 
 `` he 's busy , '' repeated the thick-skulled housecarl , gulping from a horn of mead . 
 `` this is unacceptable , '' hissed alfgifu . 
 `` i have brought him two hundred pounds . 
 i have brought him horses , and cloaks , and fine blades , and -- '' `` these are very good gifts , my lady . '' 
 the warrior nodded approvingly while running his calloused finger over one of the blades in discussion . 
 `` i think he will actually like them , more than most of the gifts he has received . 
 but ... canute is busy . '' 
 `` he can not be too busy to see me . '' 
 she straightened as tall as she could , her chest swelling , her chin thrusting high . 
 but this movement felt like a mistake once the housecarl 's eyes began roving her body . 
 he did not seem pleased by what he saw , and this only made her tremble with more fury . 
 people had always told her she possessed a `` boyish '' figure . 
 she was skinny , her chest flat , her limbs lanky , and on top of all that her face was very square . 
 she could only hope that this would keep the housecarl from thinking about her womanhood , so she forced herself to stand secure and not wither under his gaze . 
 `` i am alfgifu of northampton . 
 i am the daughter of alfhelm , who once ruled as ealdorman of york -- '' `` and our king just died , so i do n't care who the hell you are , you stupid bitch ; go away . '' 
 `` just died ? '' 
 she looked around curiously at the soldiers lounging in streets and lodges they had taken over . 
 the place was filthier than it should have been , she realized : a sign that the army had been here for some time without moving . 
 the men and women labored through their daily chores with sloth and boredom . 
 how long had it been since these vikings were mobile , she wondered ? 
 had this whole army stayed here since the death of their last king , doing nothing , even though the king of the anglo-saxons had left his own country for a short while ? 
 she could hardly believe it . 
 `` but canute has been your king for almost two months , '' she observed aloud . 
 `` i said go away ! '' 
 he shoved her , so hard that she tripped on her skirts , and then she fell into the mud . 
 she should have been furious . 
 she should have been overwhelmed with shame and outrage . 
 here , in the filthy , stinking dirt , she faced utter humiliation , which she feared more than death itself . 
 and yet faced with it , she overcame it . 
 she felt as if she had just been pushed off a cliff . 
 where once the view dizzied her and prevented her progress , she now realized that she would survive the fall to the bottom . 
 she heard men laughing at her , but this only fed her determination to prove them wrong . 
 it gave her the strength to pull herself from the filth . 
 silent , expressionless , she flapped the muck off her dress and lifted her chin again . 
 the men grew quiet , watching her curiously . 
 she stared back at them , her gray eyes as solid as stone . 
 she had control of her emotions , though it was not about to seem so . 
 she gathered them all in the pit of her belly . 
 she let them rise up and make her chest swell . 
 some of it overflowed slightly , making her blood boil and her hands squeeze into such tight fists that her nails pierced the skin of her palms . 
 but when she let it out of her throat , all the rest was worth it . 
 she let out a sound that was more than a scream ; it was also the roar of a lion , the howl of a wolf . 
 it was a cry of pain and sorrow -- but also of strength . 
 when it was over she closed her mouth and listened to her own cry echo through the hills . 
 her vision swam with the exhilaration of her release . 
 the men all around her were dumbstruck , and their eyes were filled with terror . 
 she felt a small smirk on her lips . 
 she could not say for how long she waited for a reaction . 
 the time passed on and on , but she was in a state of calm , so she did not measure it . 
 she only took note when a distant door swung open : the door of canute 's own hall . 
 surely he resided there , for it was the biggest building in sight , and it was guarded by men wearing rings of gold and silver : men who were probably his personal guards , or as the danes called them , housecarls . 
 a man peered from the door . 
 she had never seen canute before , but she did not think this was him . 
 this man looked too old and -- in any case -- she simply sensed that if it was canute , she would know it . 
 he only peered at her a moment , then returned inside . 
 she stood calmly and patiently . 
 her heart scrambled and thumped in her chest , but otherwise she reined in her feelings . 
 after all , she had just released her emotions in the most powerful scream of her entire life . 
 she could relax now . 
 after a moment the man walked out of canute 's hall again . 
 her heart surged , this time with eagerness . 
 he made his way through the mud to the housecarl who had pushed her , and who now wore a very abashed look on his face . 
 `` what the hell is going on , gunnlaug ? '' 
 alfgifu answered for him . 
 `` i am alfgifu of northampton . 
 i brought gifts for king canute , and this man -- gunnlaug -- pushed me into the ground for my trouble . '' 
 the king 's man looked warily from one of them to the other . 
 gunnlaug seemed torn between surliness and guilt . 
 `` she insisted on seeing canute . '' 
 canute 's housecarl surprised them both by reaching out and grabbing alfgifu 's arm . 
 `` then she 'll see him . '' 
 and he started to pull her away . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 alfgifu squirmed until at last she escaped his grip . 
 but he kept walking , and she was forced to scramble after him , feeling humiliated once more . 
 she wanted to insist on bringing her hearth companions along , but if he refused her , it would only increase her embarrassment . 
 besides , she told herself , she would n't need them . 
 any remaining fight in her drained from her bones as they walked past a group of freshly captured slaves . 
 they were anglo-saxons , captured on raids no doubt , and they were mostly women . 
 their dresses were ripped , their hair disheveled , and they were so weary and hopeless that they were not even tied up . 
 they were guarded by men who reached out and fondled them , and before her very eyes one of the vikings pulled one up and dragged her away . 
 alfgifu stared after them curiously a moment , then turned her eyes ahead once more . 
 they were nearly to canute 's hall . 
 before they entered , the housecarl stopped her forcefully and searched her with his hands . 
 she gritted her teeth and endured it . 
 for another rare moment , she felt grateful for possessing a body that most men found unattractive . 
 his hand struggled to find her small breasts , and then it did not linger . 
 when he was done , finding nothing of interest beyond her small table dirk , he released her and said , `` go on in . '' 
 it was strangely calm inside the hall , and she paused at the entrance to let herself adjust . 
 the air was thick and stuffy with smoke and old wood , but this was softened by the aromas of warm bread and meat , and what appeared to be fresh , clean rushes covering the floor . 
 nonetheless she felt enveloped by an uncomfortable heat as she continued moving forward , and she wondered if she imagined it , along with the unnatural red glow that seemed to cover everything . 
 the fire in the hearth was low and calm , hardly a source for such a hellish visage . 
 altogether the hall was very quiet , though occupied by at least a dozen men and women : jarls , housecarls , and the best of the female captives , she suspected . 
 alfgifu felt unexpectedly jealous as she watched these women sit on the men 's laps , whispering in their ears or listening to their conversations . 
 these captives had settled more comfortably into their new roles than the ones outside . 
 they were also beautiful , and clean , and had even been given nice linens to wear . 
 but did any of them realize what power they possessed by being here , in this hall ? 
 how easily it had come to them , not even of their own will , and yet they wasted it , doing what was expected of them until the time passed . 
 they probably cried themselves to sleep at night , wishing they were back on their old farms tending cows and chickens . 
 her jealousy turned into resentment , and then to complete hatred . 
 fools , all of them ! 
 they deserved to go back to their little lodges and live the dull , isolated lives from which they 'd been plucked . 
 but they would never be able to recognize what was reward and what was punishment , for they were all idiots . 
 then , quite unexpectedly , she saw canute . 
 she doubted her instincts at first , because he sat all alone , and he looked even younger than she 'd imagined . 
 he was not yet twenty years old , if even nineteen yet . 
 he was thin and lanky , though his shoulders were of a sturdy width , and it looked like he would stretch to be quite tall when he stood . 
 but all that was difficult to determine as he was hunched over the table , gripping a gilded goblet , staring through his own mess of thick , jagged hair . 
 almost everything about him , she thought , was jagged : from the edges of his joints , to his jutting chin , and even to the corners of his eyes , narrowed and squinting as he peered through them . 
 when he turned to look at her , she struggled not to tremble with fear . 
 his intensity amazed her , and frightened her , and excited her all at once . 
 in a sense he did not look at all as she 'd expected him to , but at the same time he seemed everything she could have hoped for . 
 he was not handsome in the typical sense , for he had a somewhat long , hooked nose , and his eyes were so high and narrowed . 
 but from those eyes , a gaze shot from his youthful face like barbed arrows , transfixing her . 
 he seemed to her like a hawk , peering far into the distance , seeing further than anyone else could see . 
 he looked her up and down , and her skin bristled with bumps as she wondered what he saw in her . 
 `` you , '' he said . 
 his voice was somewhat high-pitched and soft , but it rang through the room like a bell . 
 `` you 're the one that made that sound ? '' 
 `` yes , my king . '' 
 she felt she could not bear his gaze much longer , and looked down at herself . 
 but then she felt horrified , for she remembered that she was covered with mud . 
 `` i am alfgifu of northampton . 
 my father was -- '' `` i thank you for your gifts , '' he said , and she realized he had no more interest in her identity than he had for a single thread of his tunic . 
 `` i will take them and use them to conquer engla-lond , and that is how i will repay you . 
 unless there is something else you want , you should go . '' 
 he released her from his fierce gaze and turned back to his food . 
 even though she felt as if she had just been freed from a harsh grip , she trembled with frustration . 
 she had not come this far so that he could dismiss her . 
 he had heard something in her scream , that roar in which she had bared her soul ; otherwise he would n't have called her in here . 
 `` my father also died before his time , my lord . '' 
 he seemed to pause , only for a moment , before responding smoothly . 
 `` that is unfortunate for you , perhaps . '' 
 he tossed back a drink from his goblet , swaying slightly as he did . 
 either he had already drunken a great deal , or it did not take much to intoxicate him , for the effect of the spirits seemed to hit him quite suddenly . 
 `` my father 's death , however , made me a king . 
 fortunately for me . '' 
 this made her grind her teeth together and glare at him with a gaze almost intense enough to match his own . 
 but now he did not even notice ; now he only seemed to have eyes for the pretty cup in his hand . 
 `` that 's a very pretty goblet , '' she hissed . 
 `` someone else 's gift to you ? '' 
 his fingers played thoughtfully over the ornate decorations of the rim . 
 `` a gift to my father , from ealdorman eadric streona . '' 
 the name seemed to flip a switch in her . 
 eadric streona . 
 the man who changed her entire life . 
 the man who took everything from her . 
 the man who killed her father . 
 the man she had come here to destroy . 
 she swept in closer to canute , planting her hands on the table , lowering her voice . 
 `` your father 's death may have made you a king in name , '' she hissed . 
 `` but do your men think of you as one ? '' 
 he paused , going terribly still . 
 `` the man outside , gunnlaug , he said his king had just died . 
 you have had two months to establish yourself -- two months in which king ethelred was gone from engla-lond , no less -- and yet they still think of your father as the king . 
 you have squandered a golden opportunity to overtake engla-lond . '' 
 `` tread carefully , '' he said . 
 she lowered her voice , but continued to speak relentlessly . 
 `` you miss him , do n't you ? '' 
 `` of course , '' he snapped . 
 `` now shut your mouth . '' 
 instead , she sat down next to him and leaned in closer . 
 he tensed , slender fingers tightening around his disgusting prize of a cup . 
 `` were you ready for your father to die , canute ? 
 were you ready to become king ? '' 
 he inhaled sharply , but said nothing . 
 `` it 's all right , you do n't have to answer . 
 i understand . 
 i know what it 's like to think that you are unshakable , and then discover that you 're not . '' 
 he turned to look at her , slowly this time , the pale discs of his eyes snaking to the edge of his lids . 
 `` do i look shaken to you ? '' 
 he sounded genuinely curious . 
 `` no , you do n't look it . 
 but i think you are good at hiding it . 
 just as i am . '' 
 at that , he chuckled , and the sound of his high-pitched chortles made her stomach turn . 
 `` no you 're not . 
 you 're practically blue with fear , woman . '' 
 she pulled back , anger stinging her tongue . 
 `` and you -- you 're even more afraid than i am . 
 if you were ready to be a king you would already have a plan . 
 you would have mobilized your men while ethelred was away , and while the anlgo-saxons thought your vikings were weakened by their unexpected loss -- rightfully so ! 
 you could have proved to everyone that you 're all the man your father was . 
 instead you are sulking here in the safety of the danelaw , getting fat with easter feasting ! '' 
 his smile had long since vanished , and his lips were curling down into a scowl . 
 `` if you were as ready to be a king as you want everyone to believe , you would n't linger here in gainsborough , hiding your face and hesitating about what to do next . 
 it 's so different now that he 's gone , is n't it ? 
 it 's not what you thought it would be . 
 you thought you were ready . 
 you thought it would feel wonderful to be free from his constant scrutiny , from the need for his approval , from the way you only seemed to matter to other people so long as he was around . 
 but now you got your wish and it 's not at all what you expected . 
 is it ? '' 
 he moved so quickly that he must not have been as intoxicated as she thought , after all . 
 one moment his hand was around his cup , and the next it was around her throat , shoving her back and pinning her down to the table . 
 she heard dishes clatter and stools knock over , but then all she could hear was the sound of her own breath , or lack thereof , as she tried to force it past the vice-like grip of his hand . 
 once she got over the shock of it , she began fighting back . 
 he only had one hand free to protect himself as she reached for his own neck , stretching her nails out as far out as she could , as if they were claws . 
 she could not reach his throat , but she managed to grab his tunic , her fingers scrambling and curling until she had her hands full of the stiff fabric . 
 she yanked at it , unable to pull him closer , but managing instead to rake the smooth skin of his chest with her nails . 
 he leapt back , hissing with anger . 
 at that moment she pounced on him , flying off the table and swinging for his face . 
 he scrambled back , towards the fire , and when he fell a cry rose about the room , for it looked as if he might fall into it . 
 as she watched , she feared she might have done something truly stupid . 
 and in that moment of pause , he was able to grab her , pulling himself to safety and carrying them both to the floor . 
 as soon as she began wrestling with him against the rushes she lost track of who did what . 
 they grabbed at each other , pulling , pushing , and twisting . 
 they rolled and scrambled , and while her body seemed to be running over with pain and discomfort , at the same time her blood felt hot and throbbing within her , dulling everything else and replacing it with a numbing exhilaration . 
 she listened to his panting breath , his grunts of effort as he tried to overcome her , and felt as if every part of their bodies touched completely , even tough they flailed and rolled about , constantly moving . 
 she was rewarded by a profound satisfaction every time she escaped his grasp or returned one of his blows . 
 then he got on top of her , and seemed to have gotten the better of her . 
 he stared down at her through the pale strips of his hair , eyes blazing . 
 in a moment of illumination , she jabbed her knee into his groin . 
 he groaned and fell back . 
 belatedly his housecarls came to his rescue , and before she could move she was yanked up and pinned down again , this time on both sides , her wrists crushed sharply against the table . 
 canute looked down at himself , his tunic ripped open , his chest beaded with dark blood , his body bent uncomfortably around his aching loins . 
 he seemed at a loss . 
 when he looked at her again , she could not tell whether he was furious or fascinated . 
 `` who did you say your father was again ? '' 
 he said with heaving breath . 
 she had never said it to him , as she recalled . 
 he had not given her the chance . 
 `` he was ealdorman alfhelm of york . '' 
 he frowned with puzzlement , then shook his head . 
 `` should i know him ? '' 
 she bit back her anger , which was easy to do when she felt as if a single wrong move would cause the king 's housecarls to break her arm . 
 `` king ethelred chose uhtred to take over , because he seemed the stronger warleader against the scots . '' 
 she groaned with discomfort , struggling to maintain her composure . 
 `` he had my father killed , and then his men took out my brother 's eyes while i watched . '' 
 this did not phase him in the least . 
 `` this is of no use to me . '' 
 `` yes it is , you bastard ! '' 
 this caused the housecarls to squeeze her tighter , but canute only looked amused . 
 `` despite my family 's exile , i have managed to keep a lot of lands , and a lot of wealth -- '' `` be more specific . '' 
 `` i own nearly two hundred hides ... i think . 
 in northampton . '' 
 she hurried past this uncertainty . 
 `` more importantly i have connections . 
 i know thegns in the danelaw and beyond because of my upbringing ; they are kind to me because they feel sorry for me . 
 i know some who are loyal to king ethelred . '' 
 at this , canute came closer , leaning over her splayed , constrained body . 
 she thought she felt his gaze , exploring her more intimately than it had before . 
 for some reason , she did not feel ashamed of her body this time . 
 `` do n't you see , canute ? 
 i am invaluable to you . 
 and you know you can trust me , because i would never help king ethelred . 
 i swear it on the blood of my dead family . '' 
 he sneered a little , but her heart raced , for he was so close to her now that she could feel his breath against her neck . 
 then , without any warning at all , he kissed her . 
 she had never been kissed before . 
 she was not sure what she should have expected . 
 but this , to be sure , was not it . 
 she was held captive , unable to move , and her arms ached ; but there were his lips , stiff against her quivering mouth , cool in temperature . 
 it was anything but romantic or tender . 
 even so , she would not have pulled away , even if she could have . 
 she felt as if he was testing her , somehow ; and considering how long he lingered there , breathing against her , his slitted gaze looking in to hers , she felt as if she passed . 
 finally he pulled away , a strange look on his face . 
 `` i suppose you 'll do , '' he said . 
 * that night , he gave her a bed on which to sleep , and then he shared it with her . 
 that day and the next few weeks were a flurry of confusion and excitement for alfgifu . 
 somehow , she had succeeded in connecting with canute in a much deeper way than she had ever expected . 
 she was by his side by day and then -- a few times -- by night . 
 she did not know if he thought of her as a wife , but it seemed as if suddenly , she was one . 
 she overheard his housecarls saying that he had never `` chosen '' a woman before . 
 he did not act , as far as she could tell , as if he had fallen in love with her . 
 it seemed , indeed , as if he had simply chosen her . 
 he let her follow him around as he executed his affairs ; when he was at a loss he turned to her for council . 
 and at night , sometimes when she would last expect it , he would enter the chamber he had given her and invite himself to her bed . 
 often he would blow out the candles , and carry out his mission very matter-of-factly ; but sometimes she would insist on keeping them lit , and then she would purposefully resist him . 
 a struggle would ensue , making her blood roar and her toes tingle , and when he overcame her she suspected he enjoyed it as much as she did . 
 alfgifu wanted to feel victorious , but she did not let herself . 
 she knew that canute was using her , as surely as she was using him . 
 the nature of their relationship puzzled her , as he continued to say nothing of marriage . 
 whatever the case , it seemed as if she had at least been able to spur him to action . 
 he called together the people of lindsey and invited them to raid and plunder alongside his vikings . 
 his warriors stretched their limbs and sharpened their blades and she felt the vibrancy of war in the air . 
 the people cheered to canute and looked to him as their ruler . 
 canute was a natural leader , she thought . 
 he had a way of commanding people 's attention almost effortlessly , even when he spoke with a quiet voice . 
 he certainly did not lack in confidence ; in fact , his surplus of it easily overwhelmed the lack of anyone else 's . 
 despite all this , she worried that he had not yet established himself as king the way he needed to . 
 the people followed him now because they were restless ; but what would happen when they faced king ethelred 's forces ? 
 would they stay united under canute 's commands ? 
 more importantly , how would canute stand against the influence and trickery of eadric streona ? 
 even with the vikings ' eagerness to go raiding and pillaging , she sensed small threads of doubt amongst them . 
 perhaps , she thought , it was because they still did not know where they would go , even as they made to prepare themselves . 
 when the jarls finally asked aloud where they would go first , alfgifu leaned close to canute and whispered in his ear , `` mercia . '' 
 his eyes flicked towards her , the only sign of acknowledgment ; but otherwise he did not respond . 
 mercia was the logical choice , after all . 
 the lands of mercia were lush and fertile , less ravaged than the southern lands , and very , very nearby . 
 some would even consider their current location to belong to the official earldom of mercia , as they had once been grouped together , until the seven boroughs came together to form the danelaw . 
 no one would assume that her real reason for suggesting it , of course , was because it was the earldom of eadric streona . 
 alfgifu had never been raiding before . 
 she felt certain that she would enjoy it . 
 when she told canute that she wished to pillage and slaughter alongside the men , he laughed at her , though in an affectionate tone . 
 she brought it up again that night as he led her through the grass to her lodge . 
 he stopped , turned to her , and put his hand on her belly . 
 `` you have more important things to do . '' 
 a roar filled her ears when she heard this , for belatedly , she understood her purpose . 
 canute wanted an heir , and he wanted it soon . 
 this was probably the reason he had chosen her so quickly , more than from any flare of passion or feeling of `` connection . '' 
 in one sense the notion of giving canute an heir filled her with excitement . 
 but at the same time , her ears burned with frustration . 
 `` you are among christians here , '' she reminded him . 
 he was christian , himself , or at least wanted to be ; she knew because he wore a cross around his neck . 
 but she 'd noticed that some of his men still wore the pagan symbol of thor 's hammer . 
 without a doubt , it was easy for him to forget how he should act . 
 `` they will want a legitimate child , one produced from a marriage in the eyes of god . '' 
 `` god sees everything i do , i assure you . '' 
 he wore a strange smile on his face . 
 his pale skin and hair seemed to glow white in the moonlight . 
 `` if you give me a healthy son , then we 'll see about marriage . '' 
 `` that 's not how it works -- '' she began , but he had already stopped listening , and she bit her own tongue . 
 she would give him what he wanted , so long as she got what she wanted from him , eventually . 
 `` why did you come here , alfgifu ? '' 
 chills trickled down her body , for it seemed that his eyes , now possessing a tiny twinkle , had seen into her mind . 
 the smile was gone from his face . 
 `` i told you . 
 i hate ethelred . 
 i want you to be king . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 he gave a small nod , and she thought she had satisfied him . 
 then he cocked his head at her again . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 her heart pounded in her chest as if it wanted to escape . 
 fear filled her . 
 could he truly read her thoughts ? 
 was it some sort of pagan power ? 
 for a moment it seemed to be so . 
 `` i investigated your father 's death . 
 ethelred did not order him to be killed . 
 alfhelm died of an accident . '' 
 `` an accident ! '' 
 her voice came out like a squeal , and her cheeks flushed with both fury and embarrassment . 
 she could only hope that canute could not see the extent of her distress in the darkness ; but then , canute seemed to see everything . 
 `` and then king ethelred killed my brother for laughs ? '' 
 he only continued staring at her intently . 
 `` then what do you think happened ? '' 
 `` i know what happened , '' she snarled . 
 `` it was eadric streona . 
 he killed my father , and then he covered it up , and ethelred rewarded him for it . '' 
 canute chuckled softly . 
 `` eadric streona . 
 he must be a smart man , if he got away with it . 
 in any case , he is very powerful now . '' 
 her breath pumped in and out in angry huffs , filling the quiet night like little thunderclaps . 
 `` let 's raid mercia , '' she said , her voice barely rising above her breath , `` and find out just how powerful he really is . '' 
 `` i like you , alfgifu , '' he said , surprising her . 
 some of her anger drained away and she felt at a loss . 
 `` but your intelligence disappoints me . '' 
 `` what -- ! '' 
 he put a finger against her lips , pressing harshly . 
 `` you are blinded by your foolish feelings , and that is a grave weakness . '' 
 she felt a tremor go through him even as he said this , and as if to hide it , he quickly pulled away . 
 `` eadric is powerful . 
 he is also a potential ally . 
 so i see no reason to fight him . '' 
 she could not believe what she was hearing . 
 it made her sick to her stomach . 
 `` consider his relationship with thorkell the tall , my own mentor . 
 consider his relationship with the churches . 
 consider the gifts he gave my father . 
 consider the way he discourages ethelred from marching into battle -- '' `` silence ! '' 
 she almost wanted to scream again , the way she had done on the day she first arrived . 
 but canute had a dangerous look in his eyes now , and she did not think that ploy would impress him a second time . 
 she did not think he appreciated being interrupted , either , she realized . 
 she gulped , searching herself for more anger . 
 `` i did not come here to become eadric 's ally , '' she spat . 
 `` and if that is your plan , then i am leaving . '' 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` you are not . '' 
 `` oh -- watch me ! '' 
 she turned and stormed away . 
 `` alfgifu ! '' 
 the strain and fear in his voice as he called after her only encouraged her . 
 she walked faster , disappearing into the night . 
 `` stop her ! '' 
 almost immediately , shapes seemed to form from the blackness and move towards her . 
 she felt unexpectedly calm as she pulled her dirk from her belt and slashed at them . 
 they were large and heavy men , weighted down by their axes and chainmail ; she could hear them coming long before they reached her . 
 she smiled with satisfaction as her little blade met flesh , slicing someone 's palm as he clutched for her . 
 despite this , the men formed a line that blocked her from fleeing into the city . 
 as surely as she could detect the warriors approaching , so could she also sense the ones lingering nearby . 
 her own hearth companions were in or near her chamber , and far too few to match canute 's . 
 crying out with exasperation , she turned and went the other way . 
 her feet carried her of her own will to the dining hall . 
 at first she did not know why . 
 the slaves within , who had been enjoying the leftovers of the night meal in the glow of candlelight , fled in confusion and embarrassment . 
 in their absence , her gaze carried down the littered table to a single goblet , shining amidst the scraps . 
 she hurried to it , picked it up , and slammed it against the wood . 
 at first , the jolt only seemed to carry up her fingers and wrist , causing her pain and feeding her anger . 
 shouting , she struck again . 
 the metalwork of the cup cut into her hands , and she was n't sure if the red liquid slipping from her grip was leftover wine or her own blood . 
 it hardly seemed to matter as she beat the table with all her might , hoping against reason that if she struck hard enough , she would break it . 
 somehow , through her own haze of huffing and hitting , she felt canute nearby , standing and watching her . 
 he was not trying to stop her anymore ; only witnessing her exercise of futility . 
 she sensed his satisfaction as something finally cracked under her exertions ; but it was not the goblet . 
 it was the table . 
 she yelled with rage , turned around , and flung the cup into the embers of the hearth . 
 sparks ignited and gushed into the air near canute . 
 they seemed to reflect in his eyes as he glared at her . 
 they stared at each other a long while , the warmth of the fire in between them . 
 alfgifu felt that her own hair had spilled below her shoulders , which distressed her , for she hated the thin , frizzy nature of it . 
 though she normally kept it tightly bound , it must have fallen loose during her frenzy . 
 `` what else did eadric give you ? '' 
 she demanded , breaking the silence . 
 he did not answer her . 
 `` if you ever command me to be silent again , '' he said , `` i will burn your lips with boiling water . '' 
 she flinched as he stepped towards her . 
 she tried to maintain her stream of thought against a crashing tide of fear . 
 she had heard of eadric 's gifts to the vikings before ; what were they ? 
 he had given them livestock , and food , and ornaments , but most importantly , he had given them hostages . 
 yes , somewhere , there were hostages ... canute surprised her by reaching out and grasping her hair . 
 he twisted it in his hand until she cried out , then he pulled her down , forcing her to her knees . 
 she heard the ring of metal as he pulled a knife from his belt , much longer and sharper than the sort that she carried , and her skin crawled with terror . 
 it glinted in her eyes as he brought it near her face . 
 then he curved it around her head , and swept it through her hair . 
 the sensation was strange as the pain of his grip fell away , freed by the blade . 
 she watched with something like wonder as she watched the pathetic , lifeless strands fall to the floor . 
 when he was done , canute stepped back and surveyed his work . 
 `` much better , '' he said , and sheathed the knife . 
 he turned and strolled away , tossing one last piece of her hair behind him . 
 she reached up with a trembling hand and felt her neck where it was now bare but for a few ragged edges of the remaining hair . 
 why had he done that ? 
 would it do any good to wonder ? 
 she did not think she would ever know the answer , if there was one . 
 perhaps he did it solely so she would wonder . 
 his housecarls were waiting for him further down the hall . 
 `` take her to her lodge , '' he told them , `` and do n't let her leave . 
 i must treat her like a prisoner until she learns to behave . '' 
 he turned his head towards her slightly , intending that she hear every word . 
 `` and her housecarls , my lord ? '' 
 one asked . 
 `` kill them . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 she scrambled to her feet . 
 `` no ! '' 
 canute looked at her curiously . 
 he seemed surprised . 
 `` i kill them , '' he said , `` or you release them of their service to you . '' 
 `` i -- i -- '' she felt as if she was tearing apart inside . 
 canute must have guessed how difficult it would be for her to make a decision like this . 
 she hated the thought of releasing them of their service to her ; it was a severe blow to her pride , a destruction of all the work she had done to make them loyal to her in the first place . 
 but was that really worth making them die , instead ? 
 she hesitated so long that the housecarls began to move , assuming that she would not have the will to save their lives . 
 `` i will release them , '' she rasped . 
 her legs were wobbly as she forced herself to walk past them . 
 she did not need to look at canute to know that he wore an expression of victory . 
 perhaps he would win this round , she thought . 
 but he would not win them all . 
 * the vikings and the people of lindsey had not yet mobilized when king ethelred attacked with his fyrd . 
 she was still imprisoned in her chamber when it happened . 
 there was nothing she could do . 
 she awoke to the sound of yelling . 
 she felt heat pour through the wooden walls . 
 she heard horses neighing and blades clashing . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 cried alfgifu to canute 's housecarls . 
 `` go and see , you fools ! '' 
 a few of them obeyed her . 
 a few stayed behind , determined to keep constant watch over her . 
 the acrid smell of smoke bit the air . 
 people screamed . 
 swords tolled . 
 light flashed beyond her shuttered windows . 
 fear seized her limbs . 
 her heart fluttered in her ribs , weak and rapid like a butterfly 's wings . 
 suddenly she found it hard to breathe . 
 she hated fear . 
 she wanted to believe it could not touch her . 
 she wished she could forget how it felt , that day the king 's soldiers barged into her beautiful manor , stabbing the men who had been loyal to her all her life , trying to catch her mother wulfrun as she ran screaming , then grabbing her brother and throwing him to the floor ... alfgifu flinched as another scream echoed through the walls . 
 she nearly fainted when the door of the lodge opened , but it was only one of canute 's housecarls returning . 
 she glimpsed blood splashing in the air before he closed the door behind him . 
 `` it 's ethelred 's army , '' said the housecarl . 
 `` how many soldiers ? '' 
 gasped alfgifu . 
 `` a few thousand . 
 hard to say -- they 're pouring in . '' 
 all of the housecarls exchanged uncertain glances . 
 they could not stand idly by doing nothing while they listened to their brethren fight and die around them . 
 after all , they loved battle . 
 it was their life , and their death . 
 alfgifu wanted to feel the same way they did . 
 instead , she felt debilitated . 
 she could hardly believe that ethelred had worked up the nerve to come here and fight canute after months of exile from his own kingdom . 
 had she been wrong to come here ? 
 had it all been for nothing ? 
 would canute 's forces be demolished , even more quickly than they had been gathered ? 
 would she lose everything -- her loyal hearth companions , her estates , her wealth , her dignity -- all for a young viking who would not live up to his father 's legacy ? 
 `` well go on , let 's fight them ! '' 
 she cried . 
 most of them fell for it : they drew their blades and ran from the chamber . 
 but one remained behind , sword drawn , determined to ensure that she did not escape . 
 so the two of them remained in their dark prison , and he alone witnessed the way she trembled and cowered , unable to face the possibility of defeat . 
 better to stay here in the haze and darkness , she thought , and let it blind her . 
 * at nightfall , the noises of battle faded down , to be replaced by the ongoing groans of the injured . 
 at last , hungry and in need of relief , alfgifu and her escort left the lodge . 
 in the twilight , they stumbled among the dead and wounded . 
 the blood shone black in the night . 
 things squished under her feet that she was grateful she could not see . 
 embers and dying fires glowed throughout the city brighter than the moonlight . 
 a second sky seemed to hover directly over the turf roofs where all the smoke collected in a thick , smothering blanket . 
 alfgifu coughed and rubbed her stinging eyes , feeling sticky trails on her cheeks where her eyes had already shed rivers of water . 
 someone reached out and grabbed her ankle , begging for help . 
 she nearly tripped . 
 resisting the urge to kick him in the face , she kept going . 
 despite all the sobbing , and moaning , and the flames that refused to die , alfgifu 's heart lifted . 
 the number of dead was tremendous , the vikings ' stores destroyed , their new horses scattered ; but they still held the city . 
 whatever had happened , ethelred 's forces had pulled away eventually , and that mattered the most . 
 canute was in his lodge , but one would not have guessed by the silence hovering over it . 
 she recognized some of his chiefs lurking outside , their faces either sullen or furious , but all turned away from canute 's door . 
 it was strange to her that not all of them were joined in a flurry of conversation and activity . 
 the housecarls guarding his door did not let her in at first , though she yelled and argued with them . 
 she should have expected as much ; canute would not talk to his own chiefs right now . 
 why would he talk to her ? 
 then one of them stepped forward , and he said , `` if she wants to , why not let her ? '' 
 this surprised her . 
 she realized that canute must not have forbidden anyone to enter ; they were all simply afraid to . 
 she noticed a dead body very close to the door of the lodge , and thought that it was a strange place for someone to have died from the battle . 
 he had recently been stabbed in the chest , it appeared . 
 the housecarl followed her gaze . 
 `` that 's the last man who tried to go in . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she gulped . 
 `` well he wo n't hurt me . 
 i 'm carrying his child . '' 
 `` you are ? '' 
 she had no idea , yet . 
 but she thought it was a safe assumption . 
 canute must have assumed the same , or he might have let her escape the night before . 
 she focused on the task at hand . 
 `` do you know what is he doing in there ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the housecarl shook his head helplessly . 
 `` he 's ... talking . '' 
 `` talking ? 
 to whom ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 she took a deep breath , pushed back her shoulders , and clenched her fists . 
 `` well i 'm going in . '' 
 as her trembling fingers pushed open the door , she reminded herself that she was not afraid of death . 
 only failure . 
 and it would be a failure if she did not see canute now , while all of his men were scared to , while he was vulnerable , and while there was no one else on earth he seemed to trust . 
 she stepped inside , very quietly , and closed the door behind her . 
 canute was on the other side of the lodge , pacing back and forth along the floorboards , which creaked as if they might soon break apart and drop him into the sunken earth below . 
 he wore no shirt , and his pale skin was splotched with dried blood and bruises . 
 surely enough , he was talking , though whether to himself or the hanging crucifix on the wall to which he occasionally cast his glance , she was n't sure at first . 
 `` you 're not weak . 
 you 're not idle , '' he snarled . 
 `` you 're stronger than all of them . 
 you did this on purpose . 
 you let them believe victory was in their grasp . 
 when they see your true strength they will cower . 
 god chose you . '' 
 so , she realized , he was indeed talking to himself ... about himself . 
 `` you 'll show them , '' he went on . 
 `` you 're a man . 
 a real man . 
 you 'll even have a son soon ... '' feeling more and more uncomfortable , alfgifu at last announced herself by clearing her throat . 
 he turned to her with wild eyes . 
 then with no hesitation , in one flowing motion , he drew a knife from his belt and made to fling it . 
 `` you won today , '' she said quickly , as if her heart was n't racing in her chest . 
 he paused . 
 `` you held your ground . 
 that 's what matters . 
 now you must make it seem as if ethelred made a mistake by attacking you at all . '' 
 he lowered the knife . 
 his eyes cleared , as if realizing for the first time who she was . 
 `` alfgifu . 
 did god send you ? '' 
 she wanted to gawk at him . 
 he sounded crazy . 
 but she did not think it would be in her best interest to express as much . 
 instead , she walked closer to him , feigning confidence . 
 `` god does everything , does n't he ? '' 
 she could see that this is what he wanted to hear . 
 `` and he does it for you , because he wants you to be king of engla-lond . 
 and scandinavia . '' 
 he dropped the knife , which thudded onto the floor . 
 she glared up at him , feeling his own gaze traverse her face , and remembering the way he had held her and chopped off her hair . 
 `` you said my emotions made me weak , '' she hissed . 
 `` you were wrong about that , you know . 
 you 're even more governed by your emotions than i am . 
 it 's not what makes us weak . 
 it 's what makes us strong . '' 
 he flinched as she reached up and put her fingers against his cheek . 
 his eyes were wider than she had ever seen them before , staring at her , desperate , searching . 
 she had him now . 
 `` make ethelred regret attacking you , '' she whispered . 
 `` show him that he has asked for his own demise . 
 make it seem as if this attack is what spurred you to raid the countryside . 
 his people will hate him for it . '' 
 `` hm , '' said canute . 
 his gaze wandered off as he considered this . 
 `` and there is another thing you can do . '' 
 she clutched his face tighter , pulling his eyes back to hers . 
 her voice grew even softer , smothered by her emotions , but he listened all the more closely as a result . 
 `` the hostages that were given to your father , '' she breathed . 
 there were many hostages , as she recalled ; but the majority of them had been given by eadric . 
 they were valuable to him ; maybe he even loved some of them . 
 `` you must kill them . 
 and make them die slowly . 
 you must take out their eyes , or chop off their limbs . '' 
 canute turned his head and kissed her trembling fingertips . 
 `` good idea , '' he said . 
 ** 6 the sixth lost tale of mercia : hastings the hearth companion -lrb- back to table of contents -rrb- `` a.d. 1004 . 
 this year came sweyne with his fleet to norwich , plundering and burning the whole town . '' 
 -- anglo-saxon chronicles , entry for year 1004 * norwich 1004 a.d. hastings and his horse raced through a hundred miles of wetlands and heath to find their destination obscured in a haze of smoke . 
 overnight , the vikings had reduced norwich -- the seat of the east anglian government and one of engla-lond 's greatest cities -- to ash and rubble . 
 families stood next to the remainders of their homes , watching as the unquenchable flames consumed the last beams . 
 people burned their fingers digging through embers for scraps and precious belongings . 
 the injured sat in the ash-ridden streets , moaning helplessly as their wounds festered . 
 hastings was not sure whether the water gathering in his eyes was a result of his own sympathy or the burning smoke that the breeze threw against him . 
 even the high reeve 's hall , on a small hill in the middle of the city , had not escaped the viking attack . 
 the east wall had been severely damaged , so that the whole building seemed to be leaning , ready to collapse . 
 hastings wondered if he had arrived too late . 
 perhaps the witan had already met , or it would never meet , for the wise men would not even have a safe place in which to gather and discuss their future . 
 it was difficult to imagine a future at all when faced with such immediate devastation . 
 but then a breeze blew , as if from the ocean , fresh , salty , and clarifying . 
 clouds of smoke rolled away , and rays of sunshine illuminated a small gathering of men near the high reeve 's hall , meeting and conversing despite their miserable circumstances : the wise men . 
 hastings heaved a deep breath , dragging himself and his horse towards them . 
 the men took little notice of him at first ; no doubt they had to ignore almost everything around them in order to concentrate at all . 
 in addition , hastings looked more like a worthless beggar than the royal retainer that he was . 
 he had ridden through fens and marshes and mud and filth until he felt sodden by the wet earth from his tunic to his loincloth . 
 but even this did not weigh him down so much as his own exhaustion . 
 his knees trembled underneath him and he could hardly keep his head up . 
 his horse was the only obvious indication of any worthwhile status . 
 a small crowd had already gathered around the important meeting , so hastings seemed like yet another audience member , straining to get a closer position . 
 thanks to the horse plodding next to him , people threw him angry looks , but moved out of his way . 
 by the time hastings was close enough to eavesdrop , no words were actually being spoken . 
 in a circle stood the east anglian wise men -- thegns , reeves , and members of the clergy -- while in the middle a large man paced back and forth , back and forth , his fists clenching and unclenching at his sides . 
 hastings had probably glimpsed him before in lundenburg , but even if he had not , he could have easily guessed that this was the high reeve , ulfcytel . 
 he was a large man , sporting short blond hair and a grizzly beard . 
 the vibrations of his pounding feet seemed to carry all the way to where hastings stood . 
 his name and fair features were a strong indication of his scandinavian origin , but despite all that , his lordship over the anglo-saxons was apparent by the way he held their rapt attention . 
 when he spoke , his hoarse , booming voice rattled hastings to his core . 
 `` i am ulfcytel , '' he yelled , `` and i say there is nothing else we can do . 
 gather the danegald . '' 
 a soft moan of dismay carried over the crowd , adding to the chorus of groans already echoing through the ruins . 
 sighing , hastings leaned against the ribs of his horse , breathing nearly as heavily as the great beast , and felt a moment of guilty relief . 
 perhaps , indeed , he had come too late . 
 perhaps he had no choice but to find shelter , get a full night 's rest , and return home to lundenburg . 
 but in doing so , he would fail the golden cross ; and even worse , he would fail aydith . 
 he looked up and saw that the wise men were already turning around , ready to walk away , ready to give up . 
 `` wait , '' he rasped . 
 he coughed , trying to clear phlegm from his throat . 
 he needed water . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 still no one listened to him , so he grabbed his horse 's saddle and pulled himself up . 
 the stallion neighed with dismay , and hastings increased her agitation by kicking her flank , so the steed reared up and bolted forward , knocking people over and bursting into what remained of the wise men 's circle . 
 hastings did not think he could not have planned his entry much better than that , for now he had everyone 's attention . 
 it was not good , however , that ulfcytel had drawn his sword , and looked ready to chop off his horse 's legs . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 he cried again . 
 he slid back down to earth , half-stumbling as he righted himself , reaching deep into his tunic for the one spot against his heart that he had kept clean and secure . 
 when he pulled out the scroll , its whiteness seemed to glow through the ashy air , making ulfcytel 's eyes pop open with surprise . 
 `` i bring ... '' hastings gasped , feeling dizzy . 
 he had come this far . 
 he had to deliver the message properly . 
 `` i bring battle plans from the golden cross . '' 
 `` the who ? '' 
 hastings righted himself at last , pushing his matted hair from his face , brushing off what mud he could from his tunic . 
 he fiddled with his sword belt for a moment , not because he needed to , but because he wanted to draw attention to its intricacy and ornateness . 
 he was not sure if he wanted ulfcytel to recognize him completely , for they had briefly encountered each other in the past , but he at least needed to be taken seriously as a member of the noble retainers . 
 `` i am one of the royal gesithas , '' he said . 
 `` i serve his lordship and his aethelings as needed . 
 on their behalf i bring you this military advice , provided by one of king -- er , engla-lond 's most loyal battle tacticians , the golden cross . '' 
 he had crafted his words carefully , as instructed , misleading the high reeve without lying . 
 he wanted to be taken seriously as a representative of the royal family without ever stating that he was acting on their orders . 
 he also took care not to say king ethelred 's name , despite all of this . 
 two years ago , ethelred had ordered that all of the danes in engla-lond be killed . 
 naturally , he had not succeeded , for there were far too many of them , including several in positions of great power , like ulfcytel himself and other thegns of the danelaw . 
 afterwards , many blamed the massacre on a young man named eadric , said to have advised ethelred in secret the day before . 
 hastings knew this meeting had taken place , but he thought it silly to put all of the blame on this otherwise unknown mercian . 
 no doubt ulfcytel , determined to keep his lands and power , preferred to blame some poor teen named eadric rather than the king to whom he remained loyal . 
 hastings 's carefully planned speech must have worked , for ulfcytel cocked his yellow eyebrows and unrolled the scroll . 
 he snapped his fingers . 
 a clergyman rushed quickly to his aid . 
 their eyes perused the scroll together , but ulfcytel seemed to have difficulty . 
 meanwhile all the other wise men were straining closer out of curiosity , annoyed that they could not see for themselves . 
 hastings filled in the silence . 
 `` the golden cross urges all of you not to give up hope , even though you have not had time to gather the fyrd against sweyn forkbeard . 
 the golden cross suggests a new tactic , one that would be available to you without gathering your entire army . '' 
 all this while , the bishop was whispering in ulfcytel 's ear , reading the scroll for him . 
 ulfcytel looked up with a scowl . 
 `` he says to put our best men in front ? 
 that 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` it would be faster to gather the best of your thegns and warriors , rather than all of the fyrd , '' hastings went on . 
 `` and even if time was not a factor , think of it : a shield wall with the best men in front would be practically impenetrable . '' 
 the clergyman at ulfcytel 's side glared at hastings . 
 he was thin and gaunt , with beady eyes that were entirely unpleasant . 
 `` and once penetrated , the entire army would crumple . '' 
 `` bishop elfgar is right ! '' 
 roared ulfcytel . 
 `` but it would also be easy to penetrate the enemy , '' hastings went on . 
 he had rehearsed the speech so many times in his head that the words came out effortlessly . 
 `` the front lines could open up and let men out at will , magnificent fighters who could wreak severe damage on the vikings all on their own . '' 
 ulfcytel hesitated , considering this . 
 when at a loss , he turned once more to the bishop . 
 bishop elfgar shook his head sadly . 
 `` it is too risky . 
 besides , who is this golden cross , and why have i not heard of him before ? 
 does he not have a name ? '' 
 `` yeah , and what are these two golden lines at the bottom of the page ? '' 
 ulfcytel added indignantly . 
 no doubt he meant the `` x '' signed with golden ink . 
 `` the golden cross 's signature , '' said hastings . 
 `` and as i said , the golden cross is a brilliant military tactician who serves king ethelred , and all of engla-lond . 
 you may have noticed that the scroll was approved with a royal seal . '' 
 ulfcytel just blinked in puzzlement . 
 bishop elfgar rolled up the scroll with a decisive motion . 
 `` battle tactics are beside the point . 
 the east anglian witan has made its decision . 
 we will pay sweyn to leave our shores , and in that way spare the lives of all our best men , god willing . '' 
 hastings could see that he had lost . 
 indeed , he had come too late , though he had tried his best , and he wanted his efforts to enable him to face aydith without shame . 
 he only hoped that she would forgive him , and not see this failure as his own . 
 * in his dream he guarded the aetheling while she slept and listened to the sounds of her breathing . 
 at first it was soft and slow , rising and falling with the carefree gentility of a child 's . 
 but she was not a child anymore ; she was fourteen , and sometimes at night she was plagued by nightmares . 
 her breath grew faster , heavy and deep , and a soft moan escaped her lips . 
 `` hastings ... hastings ! '' 
 `` i am here , aydith . '' 
 he found her in the darkness , his large hands closing around hers , gripping her tightly . 
 in his dream he could see her , even though it was dark and not a single candle was lit . 
 her brown eyes shone like copper moons , searching his . 
 `` hastings , the golden cross failed ? '' 
 `` i am afraid so , my lady . '' 
 `` but ... i do n't understand . '' 
 her hands tightened against his , and at first he enjoyed the sensation , their skin pressed so firmly together that he could feel the tiny ridges of her palm sliding against his own . 
 then her nails dug into his knuckles , and pain overwhelmed the pleasure . 
 `` it is you who failed . '' 
 `` no , aydith , please , i did what i could ... ! '' 
 `` the golden cross , whose mission is that of our lord in heaven , would never fail . 
 this is your failure ! '' 
 he cried out , then clutched for her , even though she was the source of his pain . 
 she was also his only source of comfort and healing . 
 she thrashed against his searching grip , evading him . 
 `` forgive me ... please . 
 is n't there anything else i can do ? 
 anything ? '' 
 she became still very suddenly , and his hands reached further through the shadows , for now everything in his dream had gone dark again . 
 he found her face and stroked it gently . 
 her cheek felt soft and warm . 
 `` aydith , '' he whispered . 
 `` serving you is the joy of my life . 
 all i want is to give you joy in return . '' 
 `` hastings ... '' `` please tell me what else i can do , '' he said . 
 `` please , let me make it up to you ... '' he leaned closer to her , and now he could not only hear her breath , but feel it , too . 
 he could see her again , her eyes sparkling , her face suffused with red , her neck lax in his grip . 
 `` please , '' he whispered , and brought his lips to hers . 
 pain seemed to explode across his ribs , as if in his heart , and the agony was excruciating . 
 he screamed and thrashed and flailed . 
 and in such a state he awoke , panting . 
 a soldier stared down at him with a disapproving look in his eyes . 
 his boot was in such a position to have kicked hastings , and awoken him thus . 
 hastings glared with fury . 
 `` get up , '' said the soldier . 
 `` sweyn 's fleet has broken the truce . 
 the vikings are sailing for thetford . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 hastings sat up , his heart pounding , the anger draining away from his blood in a flood of excitement . 
 `` so ... what does this mean ? '' 
 `` what do you think ? 
 we 're going after him ! '' 
 hastings grinned from ear to ear . 
 * three long weeks later , hastings stood holding his shield before him , trembling from head to foot . 
 the stench of death already clung to the air , a smell hastings had quickly come to associate with the vikings ' presence . 
 only a few miles away , thetford already lay in ruin : homes burned to the ground , inhabitants stabbed , blood soaking the earth , food and corpses smoldering . 
 from the smoke , the first black shapes of the viking army crawled towards them . 
 hastings stood on the front line of the anglo-saxon shield wall between the vikings and their ships , along with all of ulfcytel 's bravest and strongest men . 
 to be in such a situation seemed to foretell certain death . 
 he wondered how he had ever come to be in such a ridiculous position , and even though the truth was evident , it seemed as if suddenly he could not comprehend it . 
 as soon as ulfcytel had learned that sweyn had turned his fleet towards thetford , despite having accepted the east anglians ' terms to sue for peace , he flew into a horrendous rage . 
 he yanked his short hair and nearly ripped off his tunic as he imagined tearing his danish enemies apart . 
 he was quick to renounce any notion of a danegald , and declare that he would employ almost any tactic necessary to keep the vikings from encroaching deeper into his lands . 
 ulfcytel 's anger , however , seemed to cloud his judgment . 
 he did not immediately gather the fyrd as he should have , assuming he would not have time . 
 instead he flung reason to the wind and sent a small band of warriors to try and destroy the vikings ' ships while their inhabitants were on land . 
 it was a nice tactic in theory , of course , but sweyn knew better to leave his precious ships unattended , and the mission was an utter failure . 
 rather than dealing the viking king a severe blow , ulfcytel only managed to announce that he was on sweyn 's trail . 
 thus he had gathered what small army he could in the time available and hurried further south . 
 at last he had decided to employ the golden cross 's advice , and used it to arrange their current position , with all the best men forming the front shield wall while the lesser soldiers protected the back . 
 in the worst case scenario some of sweyn 's men guarding his ships might leave their posts to strike ulfcytel 's army from behind , anyway . 
 what tactics ulfcytel utilized mattered little to hastings , as long as they worked . 
 what mattered most , and what would also please aydith , was that ulfcytel fought at all . 
 now , hastings wished he had never brought the golden cross 's battle tactics in the first place , for they were what now forced him to stand at the very front of the shield wall . 
 there would be nothing between him and the viking army but a simple piece of wood . 
 sweyn 's men continued to pour through the muddy field , some on horseback , most on foot , slow and leisurely from their recent spoils . 
 they were weighed down by stolen food , gold , and slaves . 
 but they did not seem to care . 
 they did not even hesitate as they came upon ulfcytel 's army , but kept walking , as if towards a shrub they could easily chop from their path . 
 hastings hoped that the men around him could not hear his teeth chattering . 
 he did not consider himself to be a coward . 
 but how could he not be afraid when he knew for certain that he would die today ? 
 he did not even consider himself to be particularly afraid of death . 
 but this was far from how he had ever expected to die . 
 he had fought in skirmishes before , but he had never fought a battle like this , and certainly not on the front lines . 
 he was not a typical fyrd-man : he was a retainer . 
 a troop of the noble house . 
 a gesitha . 
 a hearth companion . 
 he fought to protect those he cared about , those he swore fealty to , and for them -- for her -- he would lay down his life . 
 to die in a quick and frantic clash such as this , his life snuffed out in a flare of deaths , did not seem as meaningful to him . 
 he wanted to look his enemy in the eye . 
 he wanted to see the gratefulness and love of those he saved as he bled his life away . 
 this was not how he wanted to go . 
 at least he knew that aydith would be proud of him . 
 it was not enough , but it was all he had . 
 he tried to imagine her face , certain he would never see it again . 
 it was hard to imagine someone so beautiful and noble , however , as he watched the pagans advance . 
 some of the warriors on foot were falling back , no doubt the ones weighed down by their plundered goods , while those carrying nothing but axes and spears moved forward . 
 they began to form their own shield wall , the well-known viking formation , in which the shields were locked tightly together , and the paint on them was so bright it was nearly blinding . 
 that was the purpose , of course : to distract the eye , and to conceal the lines of the wood , so they would be harder to crack apart . 
 `` second line , down ! '' 
 yelled ulfcytel . 
 the high reeve 's voice , so close and thunderous , set hastings 's heart pounding . 
 even ulfcytel stood near the front lines , only a few men away . 
 when he had decided to heed the golden cross 's scroll , he had not done so half-heartedly . 
 per ulfcytel 's instructions , the second row of men crouched down . 
 they did this for several reasons . 
 some would poke at the vikings ' feet with spears . 
 some would crawl through the shields once a clearing was made and plunge directly into the fighting . 
 better still , some would serve as a platform from which the third row of men could step and jump over the shield wall . 
 to hastings the idea seemed ridiculous , but some soldiers had volunteered nonetheless , and ulfcytel claimed that it would catch the danes by such surprise . 
 for a moment , the clattering of weapons and scraping of locked shields filled hastings 's ears as if no other sound existed . 
 but then something incredible happened , and the shield wall became so silent that all hastings heard instead was the calm , steady breaths of his neighbors . 
 the men were settled now , forming what seemed an impenetrable barrier , as if not even an earthquake would shake them . 
 `` hold , '' said ulfcytel , quietly now , for he no longer needed to raise his voice . 
 meanwhile the vikings came closer and closer , their faces either leering or emotionless . 
 all of their movements were so practiced they seemed without effort . 
 and though their arrangement did not appear orderly , inconsistent in movement and formation , they nonetheless advanced as if a single beast , knowing each other 's minds , connected by a single goal , unbarred by fear . 
 `` advance , '' said ulfcytel . 
 the vikings did not expect them to advance . 
 even hastings , who felt so secured by their solid formation , had temporarily forgotten that this was part of the plan . 
 when hastings began moving his legs , finding an unexpected harmony in the steps of the entire shield wall , his heart surged with joy to see the surprise on the vikings ' faces . 
 most of them stopped , reconsidering what to do . 
 their front lines wavered , some of the warriors bumping into each other . 
 a shield wall was meant to be a barrier . 
 it was not meant to move . 
 then hastings thought he saw sweyn forkbeard , mounted on a horse and lurking within the haze of smoke . 
 the king of the vikings wore glittering mail and so many weapons that he seemed to have sharp steel points protruding from every corner of his body . 
 hastings squinted , hoping to see the man 's thick tufts of hair on either side of his mouth for which he was so famous ; and even if he could not see it , he imagined it , the forked beard twisting as he scowled with rage . 
 sweyn shouted in danish , and whatever the word was , it made all of his warriors rush forward at incredible speed . 
 hastings nearly froze with terror . 
 but his feet kept moving , for he had no choice . 
 in a jolt that smacked the bones of his arms and overwhelmed his eardrums , the two armies clashed . 
 he moved instinctively , shifting his shield up and down , shuffling his feet as the first viking sword tried to chop off his toes . 
 whether it was a wise battle tactic or not , hastings did not know , but he found that he survived his first opponent by not looking him in the face at all , nor even staring directly at his weapon . 
 instead his eyes remained forward , focused on nothing and everything at the same time , and his body reacted accordingly . 
 he moved , blocked , thrust his shield forward , and stabbed . 
 meanwhile he stayed aware of the man behind him , crouched low and thrusting a spear around his legs . 
 it would be all too easy to slice himself against a friendly blade . 
 the dance of the shield wall was a complex one . 
 just as he could not stare into his enemy 's face , he could not ponder all the things he ought to be doing at once , or all of it seemed too complicated . 
 instinct took over , so that he was little more aware of what he did than a beast would be ; and yet his survival was at stake , so his body reacted dependably . 
 he held his shield in one arm and his sword in the other , though often both arms were braced against the wood , absorbing the blows of the enemy . 
 he had to watch the men who rushed forward with swords and axes , but he also had to watch for the spears flying through the sky . 
 as he blocked himself from an axe at his fore , he glanced a spear descending on him from above . 
 in one fleeting moment he had to decide which part of himself to protect . 
 at last he decided to swipe his sword over his head , knocking away the spear just in time . 
 the earth at his feet soon became squishy with blood , and now as ulfcytel 's army tried to push forward , they nearly stumbled over the freshly injured . 
 some of the dying men were their own , but sometimes it was hard to tell ; hastings , less familiar with the faces of the east anglian men , dared not kill anyone still alive , lest it be an ally . 
 many of ulfcytel 's men compromised by taking the weapons and shields of the injured . 
 this served two purposes , for it robbed the enemies while reinforcing their own supplies . 
 `` foist ! '' 
 ulfcytel 's voice rang over the melee . 
 hastings froze in a moment of panic , trying to remember what he ought to do . 
 he heard the sound of heavy boots thundering behind him , and knew that these were the warriors who would break into the front lines of the enemy . 
 no doubt their swords were already bared , and they would run him through if he did not get out of their way . 
 but if he moved too soon , he would expose them to danger . 
 so he watched the lines in front of him and he listened to the shuffling behind him ; and when the moment was right , he swept himself to the side , arching his shield around him . 
 `` now ! '' 
 he screamed , and one of ulfcytel 's warriors rushed by , roaring with rage , chainmail and belt jangling like a thousand bells . 
 the tip of his sword seemed to graze by hastings 's ear , then plunge into a viking 's chest . 
 above the sunken sword , the enemy 's face became locked in a permanent expression of surprise as death seeped into his body . 
 from one end of the shrinking shield wall to the next , great warriors slipped through the openings , their swords clanging in a cacophony against the vikings ' axes , their spears twirling about their bodies like barbed tornadoes . 
 he wanted to watch the strange phenomenon , the brave anglo-saxon warriors throwing themselves fearlessly into the heat of the battle , the vikings scurrying in confusion . 
 it was like nothing he had seen before . 
 he knew better than to keep watching , but he could not help himself ; and of a sudden , he felt a jolt go through his arms as if his bones were shattering . 
 it was not his bones that shattered , however . 
 it was his shield . 
 in a spray of splinters , the wood cracked and ripped apart . 
 hastings watched in horror as the edge of a viking 's axe worked its way from the wooden wreckage , then rose up again , ready to split hastings 's unprotected body just as easily . 
 hastings dodged aside , twirling his sword like a madman . 
 he made another mistake , and looked his opponent in the face . 
 the man had a blood-speckled beard , and smoke lurked in his eyes like storm-clouds ; but worst of all , he wore a sneer , and it filled hastings 's heart with dread . 
 he realized that the dane had achieved two victories at once , for by breaking hastings 's shield , he had created a vulnerability in the shield wall , and that vulnerability was hastings . 
 he considered for a moment what to do . 
 he realized that his opponent had no reason to kill him immediately ; the longer he stood there , shield-less and petrified , the more time he gave the vikings ' friends a chance to gather around him , then force their way through him and into the heart of the anglo-saxon army . 
 they were already collecting in a chainmailed bundle , prepared to run him over . 
 there was only one thing to do . 
 hastings had become a weakness in the shield wall . 
 he had to remove himself . 
 he tried to picture aydith again . 
 he hoped she would be proud of him . 
 he imagined her gratefulness and love , as he would no longer be alive to see it . 
 he screamed and leapt forward , into the writhing mass of viking warriors . 
 `` aaaydiiith ! '' 
 he cried . 
 and behind him , the shield wall closed itself , never to let him in again . 
 * pain became a nightmare from which he could not wake . 
 when he slept , he remembered the events of the battle as if they were still happening . 
 he tasted someone else 's blood as it splashed into his mouth . 
 he saw steel flashing everywhere : in the smoke covered sun , in the sparks of remaining fires , in the eyes of his enemies . 
 he felt his chainmail digging into his skin , bruising and smothering him . 
 he heard the crack of his own ribs as the blunt of a viking axe struck him in the chest , knocking out his breath so that he could not even yell . 
 he groaned , trying to awake , but the reality was even worse . 
 he winced with every breath , which only made him struggle to inhale more deeply , and that hurt all the more . 
 he tried to open his eyes , but one of them was swollen , warping his vision . 
 he saw through a purple , throbbing haze , and it seemed as if he was still in a nightmare . 
 despite all that , the room around him was painfully bright . 
 a fire blazed nearby , so hot that his skin itched , and the flames seemed to lick all the sweat from his body . 
 he could not remember the last time he 'd had something to drink . 
 `` what 's wrong , hastings ? 
 thought your pagan friends would rescue you ? '' 
 hastings squinted in confusion at the shape looming over him . 
 it was ulfcytel , and he smelled of horse . 
 his beard lay matted against his neck . 
 his eyes seemed to gleam and twirl like a lizard 's . 
 hastings felt dizzy . 
 `` you 're caught , hastings . 
 i figured it out . 
 the danes sent you and that ridiculous scroll . 
 you did it so some of my best men would get killed , and so my cousin -- my own brave cousin -- would be captured ! 
 captured ! '' 
 hastings 's memory tried desperately to make sense of ulfcytel 's anger . 
 he recalled cheering , and joy , and the elation of being alive . 
 it was one of the last things he remembered before passing out from the pain in his chest and his overall exhaustion . 
 so why was ulfcytel so angry ? 
 a lot of men had died , of course ... so many that it seemed impossible to tell one bloody face apart from the next . 
 but in the end , the danes had fled to their ships , leaving most of their plundered goods behind , and many of their own mightiest warriors . 
 it had seemed in many ways like a victory . 
 `` what does he want ? '' 
 growled ulfcytel . 
 `` money ? 
 women ? 
 why would this golden cross want to capture my cousin ? '' 
 hastings moaned , too many thoughts rushing to his brain to speak at once . 
 he wanted to respond , to say that the golden cross would never oppose a man so brave and loyal to the anglo-saxons as ulfcytel , that maybe sweyn just wanted money for this hostage ; who knew ? 
 maybe his men even thought ulfcytel 's cousin would make a good viking ? 
 whatever the case , ulfcytel had the completely wrong idea about everything , and hastings wanted to tell him so ; but instead he could not seem to draw breath , mush less utter a word , and all that came from his throat was a long drawn-out groan . 
 ulfcytel leaned closer to him , as if to try and decipher the guttural sounds from hastings 's mouth . 
 instead he only grew more frustrated . 
 `` tell me , '' snarled the high reeve . 
 `` tell me now . 
 who is the golden cross ? 
 whoever he is i 'm going to find him , and cut out his heart , and eat it for breakfast . 
 i am ulfcytel ! '' 
 even hastings 's swollen eye opened wide as he stared in bafflement at the warlord . 
 how was this happening ? 
 where had it gone all wrong ? 
 how could the golden cross , someone who only wanted to aid the anglo-saxons in defending their coasts , seem suddenly like the cruelest of enemies to a man like ulfcytel ? 
 it would have been bad enough for the golden cross to go unheeded , for the vikings to collect their danegald and sail off with sagging pockets ; but this ... this was something far worse . 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 the tip of ulfcytel 's boot hurled into hastings 's chest . 
 he felt as if his insides were tearing apart . 
 he could not even cry out with pain . 
 his chest seemed to collapse , and all air and breath with it . 
 his vision flashed red , his body flailed , and then he went still . 
 even if he could have talked , he would not have . 
 he would never give away the golden cross 's secret . 
 ulfcytel stood over him a long while , breathing hard . 
 the next time his leather boots creaked against the floorboards , hastings 's heart made a painful lurch of fear . 
 but then ulfcytel turned and walked out , and closed the door behind him . 
 the last of hastings 's breath was lost in a whimper , and his mind spun into unconsciousness . 
 * aydith reached to him from the shadows . 
 `` oh , hastings , you have fought so bravely . '' 
 now he only wore thin linens , and the sliding fabric sent ripples along his skin as she raked her nails along it . 
 her fingers trailed up his torso onto the bare skin of his chest . 
 when she put her warm palm against the bruise , it ceased to ache . 
 he reached up and put his hand against hers . 
 `` my lady ... i am glad you are pleased . '' 
 `` pleased ? '' 
 she made a sad sound . 
 she leaned closer to him , her dark hair falling over her shoulders and tickling his chest . 
 her fingers trailed up , scraping the grizzly hairs of his neck , then cradling his face along her palm . 
 `` i would , but i hate to see you in so much pain . 
 you should be rewarded for what you 've done . '' 
 `` my reward is to see you happy , my lady . '' 
 he slid his hand along her arm , then under the hem of her sleeve . 
 `` although ... '' `` yes ? '' 
 his hand kneaded the soft flesh of her shoulder . 
 `` i would make you happy all my life if i could , '' he said . 
 `` we could reward each other all our lives , you and i , if ... '' he grew still . 
 `` if what ? '' 
 `` if i was your husband . '' 
 his hand slid further into her dress . 
 `` hastings , '' she breathed , and fell against him with a thud . 
 `` hastings . '' 
 her hands shook him , then seemed to grow larger . 
 the grip tightened and yanked him across the floor more violently . 
 the pain returned to his chest . 
 `` hastings ! '' 
 the hearth companion groaned and opened his eyes . 
 he looked through swollen , slanted lids at a face that was bound to disappoint him , for it was not aydith 's . 
 but it could have been worse . 
 it could have been ulfcytel 's . 
 `` lord aethelstan ! '' 
 he cried . 
 in his clearing vision the aetheling was a thing of beauty , freshly groomed and glistening with ornaments , his eyes soft and sincere as they searched hastings 's body . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 asked the prince . 
 `` no , ah -- '' a hoarse , guttural sound poured out of his throat as aethelstan started to lift him off the floor . 
 `` a little . '' 
 a shadow fell over aethelstan 's golden hair , and both the men tensed . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 snapped the aetheling . 
 `` it is i , ulfcytel ! '' 
 releasing hastings , aethelstan turned on the high reeve with fists clenched . 
 `` i should have you thrashed for treating a royal retainer with such cruelty ! 
 what did he do to deserve it ? '' 
 `` i ... i ... i was confused , my lord . 
 i thought he had tricked me . 
 i thought he had taken something from me . 
 i thought -- '' `` but now you see that you were mistaken ? '' 
 aethelstan hurried on . 
 `` y-yes , my lord . 
 i see that now . '' 
 hastings searched his cloudy memories of the last few days . 
 how long had he been trapped in this hot , dusty room ? 
 days ? 
 weeks ? 
 people had brought him bread and water . 
 sometimes he had crawled to the latrine . 
 he had slept a great deal , and had a fever . 
 but he had blocked most sensations and events from his consciousness so that he did not have to think about the pain in his chest . 
 if he searched his memory deeply enough , he did remember hearing things , sometimes . 
 he had heard more celebrating , more good cheer , and at one point he thought he had heard someone announce that ulfcytel 's cousin escaped and returned home . 
 later he had dismissed it as a dream , for no one came to release him as he hoped . 
 but after that ulfcytel had never returned to beat him . 
 `` i 'm glad you recognize your mistake . '' 
 ulfyctel flinched as aethelstan lifted his arm , but it was only to clap the high reeve on the shoulder . 
 `` because altogether , you have done very well , ulfcytel . 
 i 'm sure it would not always be wise , but the decision to put your best men in front in your situation was ingenious ! 
 the danes themselves say they have never faced such masterful hand-play as you gave them . 
 my father is pleased . '' 
 `` i -- '' ulfcytel looked uncertainly at hastings , then away again . 
 hastings just glared at him . 
 `` i thank you , my lord . '' 
 `` it is king ethelred who wishes to thank you , ulfcytel , '' said aethelstan . 
 he pulled a scroll from his tunic and offered it up . 
 `` he brings you this message . '' 
 ulfcytel took the scroll , then his eyes doubled in size . 
 he was staring at the seal . 
 `` this is your insignia , my lord ? '' 
 `` why , yes . '' 
 gulping , ulfcytel looked at hastings . 
 hastings smirked . 
 understanding passed between them . 
 the seal on this scroll was the same that had been on the one from the golden cross . 
 the high reeve was not very smart , but he seemed to be piecing some things together , nonetheless . 
 ulfcytel bowed low . 
 `` it was my greatest pleasure to serve your wishes , my lord . '' 
 `` ah ... thank you . 
 and i hope that you will continue to ... serve my wishes , ulfcytel . 
 for you are to become ealdorman of east anglia . '' 
 `` my lord ! '' 
 words failed the warrior , who planted his fist against his chest and bowed low . 
 `` my lord , i am so honored . '' 
 `` good . 
 but we have a great deal to discuss , you understand . 
 the first matter being your marriage to my sister . '' 
 hastings 's mouth fell open . 
 surely he heard wrong ? 
 he tried to say something , but his words became mangled by the pain in his chest , and all that he said was a painful grunt . 
 aethelstan looked over at the hearth companion , concerned . 
 `` before we discuss anything , you should send someone to tend this man 's wounds and provide him refreshment . 
 go on ! '' 
 ulfcytel bowed his head with a curt motion , then stomped away . 
 despite his aching torso , hastings rose up to his knees and shuffled closer to the aetheling . 
 `` tell me , my lord -- tell me i heard wrong ! '' 
 aethelstan 's pale brows furrowed together . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 it was all happening too fast . 
 he felt dizzy . 
 he reached out and gripped the prince 's tunic so he could steady himself . 
 he tried to look the aetheling in the eye . 
 `` i do n't ... understand . 
 marriage , already ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 aethelstan looked confused . 
 `` does n't it please you to see ulfcytel rewarded ? '' 
 `` but -- aydith ! '' 
 her name came from his lips more desperately than he would have wished , but he could not help himself , so great was his inner torment . 
 `` oh , not aydith . 
 hah ! '' 
 aethelstan reached down and gripped hastings 's hands , which were starting to slip . 
 `` no wonder you were so confused , hastings . 
 ulfcytel will marry aetheling wulfhild . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 relief wrapped around hastings like a cooling salve , but left his mind roiling in confusion . 
 `` but why not aydith ? '' 
 `` aydith would n't have it , '' said aethelstan . 
 `` as soon as she caught wind of father 's notions to reward ulfcytel , she made her position painfully clear . 
 if she were married to ulfcytel , she would make the new ealdorman miserable for the rest of his life . '' 
 hastings smiled despite himself . 
 `` and why do you think she would do that ? '' 
 `` because she is a foolish girl , and infatuated with someone else . 
 apparently enough so to make my father pay attention . '' 
 a tremble wracked the hearth companion . 
 `` did she ... did she say with whom ? '' 
 aethelstan brushed at hastings 's fingers , clearly tiring of their grip . 
 `` i do n't recall if she said it aloud . 
 she did n't need to . 
 everyone knows . 
 it 's obvious , is n't it ? '' 
 hastings felt as if he might faint . 
 `` it was many seasons ago when that strange churl , eadric of mercia , visited the palace , and yet she speaks as if it happened yesterday . 
 you remember when he visited father two years ago ? 
 well , of course you do . 
 it was a horrible day . '' 
 aethelstan grew silent in respect for the gruesome memories of that saint brice 's day two years ago . 
 but instead of feeling reverent , hastings found himself seething . 
 eadric of mercia ? 
 what did he have to do with anything ? 
 `` for whatever reason , '' aethelstan went on at last , `` aydith goes on and on about that conceited young swineherd . 
 although i suppose he 's not a swineherd anymore . 
 what does it matter ? 
 she keeps saying she 'll marry a man of mercia one day -- as if it would be him ! 
 by the cross , i am starting to believe that the nobility of her husband would hardly matter , so long as she gets married , am i right ? '' 
 aethelstan laughed , but hastings only glowered at the floor . 
 he felt as if someone had reached out and punched him in the ribs again . 
 so , aydith went on and on about eadric of mercia ? 
 or at least aethelstan thought so ? 
 could the prince be wrong ? 
 after all , hastings spent more time with aydith than her brother did , and he had never heard her say things like that . 
 or had he ? 
 so many of his own thoughts were muddling together in his head that he quickly grew confused . 
 his breath grew faster and heavier , making him grind his teeth in pain . 
 `` do you mean that ? '' 
 he growled . 
 aethelstan stopped chuckling and looked at him curiously . 
 `` would the nobility of her husband not matter to you ? '' 
 aethelstan frowned . 
 `` hastings , you do n't look well . 
 you should probably get some rest . '' 
 `` i 've rested plenty ! '' 
 he exerted so much breath that his ribs felt as if they were lit on fire , and the aetheling took a step backwards . 
 a long , terrible silence filled the emptiness his shout left behind . 
 aethelstan spoke through clenched teeth . 
 `` then perhaps you should eat , and return to lundenburg . 
 and ... while you 're at it ... '' he forced his chin up indignantly . 
 `` you should remember your place ! '' 
 with a turn of his heel , aetheling aethelstan strode away . 
 hastings groaned and rolled down onto his back . 
 the floorboards were hot and searing against him , yet he felt as if he might never get up again . 
 perhaps aethelstan was wrong . 
 perhaps he misread aydith entirely . 
 his fists clenched at his sides . 
 his muscles constricted along his chest and made the pain all the sharper . 
 for he knew that it did not matter what -- or who -- aydith wanted . 
 whatever it was , whomever it was , hastings would help her attain it . 
 ** 7 the seventh lost tale of mercia : hildred the maid -lrb- back to table of contents -rrb- `` this year was the great famine in england so severe that no man ere remembered such . '' 
 -- anglo-saxon chronicles , entry for year 1005 a.d. * shrewsbury , mercia 1005 a.d. on her way to church that morning , anger poisoned hildred 's devotion . 
 she knew that she was supposed to worship god with a pure and loving heart , but she also doubted that god would notice one way or another . 
 after all , he clearly did n't see -- nor care -- what was happening to her body , nor the bodies of her entire family , most of whom were dead . 
 the majority of the people trudging on the same dirt path to the church suffered more than she . 
 their skin lay flat on their bones and their raggedy clothes flapped loose on their joints . 
 this was the worst famine any of them had seen in their lifetimes . 
 hildred fared better than them only because so many of her own family members had died in the last few years , leaving fewer mouths to feed . 
 her eyes stung at the thought , but her physical discomfort overcame the torments of her mind . 
 her belly ached and her muscles trembled . 
 for weeks she had lived on little more than nuts and water . 
 what money she and her father had , they used to buy milk for the baby . 
 a year ago , hildred 's mother died giving birth to him . 
 somehow , little coenred had survived , and lived still . 
 he was growing sick , and he slept much more than a baby should sleep , and every instance he squirmed and cried came as a relief . 
 when she awoke this morning , she did so with the determination to save her baby brother no matter what . 
 perhaps that was why she dressed herself nicely today . 
 she donned a soft linen dress that once belonged to her mother . 
 she untangled her long brown hair with a pick and splashed her face with stream-water . 
 she was not even sure why . 
 it was a desperate clutch for pride and hope , she thought . 
 when she knelt and prayed to god , perhaps he would notice her at last . 
 perhaps he would pay attention . 
 and then he would show her mercy . 
 she heard a disturbance behind her and turned to see two horses galloping up the road . 
 as they neared the pedestrians , the riders gave half-hearted tugs on their horses ' reins , but gave no indication that they would slow down to an agreeable pace . 
 the townsfolk murmured and pushed one another as they tried to get out of the way . 
 the horses had little choice but to skid to a walk or trample some human beings , so they cast clouds of bitter dust into the air and snorted with dismay . 
 standing defiantly in place , hildred glared back at the two riders shuffling closer . 
 one of them was older and more rugged than the other , his wolfish hair and beard shaded gray , his large hand on the hilt of his sword as he yelled , `` make way for thegn eadric ! '' 
 her glare fiercened . 
 as the dust cleared she saw lord eadric , a man near her own age at some nineteen years , his red tunic blazing with color in the light of the sunrise . 
 his long yellow hair was tied back , but still several strands sprang about his cheeks , thick and curly . 
 her heart gave a little leap at the handsomeness of his face , the bright blue eyes and slightly bumped nose , and she struggled to remember why she ought to dislike him . 
 in truth people said the land-owning swineherd was a good lord : his own estate currently fared better than anyone else 's in all of shrewsbury . 
 but people also whispered that he was a liar and deceiver , though none of them could prove why . 
 they probably assumed that because he began as a base-born nobody , he must have achieved his position by some evil , unfair means . 
 her heart lurched again when she realized that he was staring back at her . 
 without deciding to , hildred now stood in the middle of the road , blocking his path completely . 
 people on either side of the road kept him from moving around her , and his horse had slowed nearly to a stop . 
 she shut her gaping mouth and blinked rapidly , as if her lids might protect her from the lord 's curious gaze . 
 `` out of the way ! '' 
 cried the lord 's companion , unsheathing his sword by a notch . 
 hildred realized she was being very foolish , and for no other reason than because she was jealous of these rich and powerful men . 
 she did not move from their path because she did not feel that she ought to . 
 but what would she gain from defying them ? 
 nothing but trouble , and she would be even more miserable than she already was . 
 she deflated quickly , dropping her head and stepping backwards . 
 but even though she got out of their way , for a moment , no one moved . 
 she hardly dared to breathe . 
 she could feel the eyes of everyone watching her , judging her , and hoping to witness an exciting scene , whatever that might entail . 
 she heard her own heart thudding through her veins . 
 she watched the horses ' hooves scuffle in the dirt , agitated , but not moving forward . 
 she glimpsed eadric 's boots clenching the sides of his horse . 
 why did n't the lord move on ? 
 `` you . '' 
 she flinched at the sound of his voice , soft yet sharp at the same time . 
 lifting her head only so far as necessary , she strained to look at him through her lashes . 
 to her surprise , he was smiling . 
 `` chin up , '' he said , and winked . 
 her mouth fell open again as at last he spurred his horse and galloped onward with his companion . 
 her blood roared in her ears . 
 had anyone else seen that ? 
 did the thegn just wink at her ? 
 his horse flicked a sassy tail and she shook her head in disbelief . 
 she looked down at herself : at the soft green dress , the freed chestnut hair , and how both of them draped the swell of her chest . 
 perhaps she had succeeded in looking even nicer than she 'd intended . 
 had she really expected to win god 's attention , or was it actually the favor of wealthy thegns that she hoped for ? 
 whatever the case , she now felt sinful and childish for her vanity . 
 what good could she really achieve by looking pretty ? 
 at home , her baby brother lay on death 's door . 
 her father was so miserable that if a chance at death presented itself , he would gladly join the rest of their family in heaven . 
 but the thought of heaven sent chills across hildred 's skin . 
 perhaps her faith was weak , but the comfort of an afterlife was a faint one ; she did not want to die . 
 she began whispering her prayers long before the church came into sight . 
 the church was a simple building , its rounded walls made of twigs and clay , but it rested in a thriving valley . 
 the small gardens here , whether through tedious attention or constant prayers , had somehow escaped the rot and malnutrition infecting the rest of engla-lond 's soil . 
 adding to the paradisaical scene , cattle and sheep dotted the hills , strolling and grazing and lowing with leisure . 
 hildred 's hands clenched at her sides . 
 the mere sight of such healthy livestock made her mouth water . 
 how long had it been since she tasted beef or lamb ? 
 her family had suffered from hunger for some time now . 
 last year had been a minor drought , or at least everyone looked back on it as minor ; but in their hunger they had eaten the seeds of next year 's harvest , and plunged themselves into a worse famine than before . 
 her father lost his job plowing another landowner 's field . 
 the local reeves began to punish people severely for killing too many livestock for meat . 
 lord eadric , she recalled , had been one of the harshest enforcers of this rule . 
 no one wanted what had happened to last year 's seeds happen to this year 's animals . 
 and yet as she stared at them , hildred could not comprehend the wrongness of taking a single cow and using it to help her small family through the seasons . 
 she closed her eyes , murmured another prayer , and kept moving . 
 at the door of the church , she stopped . 
 her stomach churned within her . 
 she could smell food . 
 she knew that a small amount of food would be doled out after the service . 
 the clergy found it a way to ensure attendance to their sermons . 
 and in truth , they owed as much to the people , who had often come to work the church 's lands in the past when their sins lay heavy on their hearts . 
 hildred knew she should be grateful . 
 but it was difficult to be grateful for a small bowl of leek soup after glimpsing the church 's gardens and flocks . 
 surely they could afford to give back more to the people than that ? 
 did n't she deserve a pouch of milk to carry back to her baby brother ? 
 sweat beaded her brow , though a cool breeze blew from the graying sky . 
 she remained standing still as everyone else flooded into the meager sanctuary . 
 she glimpsed the monks within their humble habits . 
 despite everything their cheeks glowed with vigor and their robes remained tight against their forms . 
 she knew that perhaps god intended this , and rewarded these men for their hard work ; and yet all of a sudden , she could not stand the sight of them . 
 she backed away from the church entrance . 
 she turned aside . 
 as if in a trance , she followed her nose . 
 she was not sure why no one stopped her . 
 perhaps they were all like her , unable to think of anything beyond the pangs of their own bellies . 
 she walked through the lush fields , though they seemed to lose color around her as the sky darkened above . 
 she wondered if god was watching now , hiding behind the blur of the clouds . 
 her worn sandals led her through the dank grass to the kitchens , a more skeletal building behind the church . 
 her nose flared with the wafting scents and she felt dizzy . 
 vegetables , bread , fish , and even fruit ... her sense of smell informed her that all of those things were only a few steps out of her reach . 
 a single man worked in the kitchens now , tending the food while the others worshiped . 
 she could hear him humming as he worked . 
 she stepped into the enclosure , her eyes drinking in the sight of the bowls of stew , the raw ingredients , the stores in barrels or underground compartments . 
 under the shade of a grassy roof , rays of sunshine shot through and bathed the precious items in golden light . 
 then she saw two more men , and her eyes opened wide . 
 they were lord eadric and his companion , standing amongst the food as if waiting for the cook themselves , while their horses grazed in the nearby grass . 
 they were talking with casual smiles on their faces while the chubby cook bounced about , stewing pots with with thick fingers and then licking them clean of oil and butter . 
 she stood there for too long . 
 of a sudden , eadric saw her . 
 his smile drooped to a frown . 
 hildred forced a gulp through her watering mouth . 
 she trembled but stood firm against his cerulean gaze . 
 `` hey aidan , '' said eadric . 
 `` you 've a visitor . '' 
 the monk stopped working and turned to look . 
 his round face took a strange slant . 
 she could sense the unease behind his forced smile . 
 `` hello there , '' he said . 
 `` are you looking for something ? '' 
 `` i ... i ... '' she watched as a slab of butter a few tables away melted in a large , gooey drop . 
 she felt faint . 
 `` i need food . '' 
 `` i know it , my dear , i do . '' 
 he walked closer to her , his large form blocking the sight of the foods . 
 she was forced to stare into his green eyes , which seemed much too sharp and darting for a man of god . 
 `` but it is easy to forget that your soul is in as great a need as your body , or more so ! 
 you must offer your soul to god before you expect the fruits of his good will for your body . 
 go on to church with the others . '' 
 `` i ... ca n't . '' 
 not needing to exaggerate , she shuddered and fell to her knees . 
 she no longer cared about the handsome nobleman watching , nor what he thought of her . 
 the sharp-eyed cook blinked rapidly with surprise . 
 `` i 'm ... too weak . '' 
 he cocked an eyebrow , growing irritated . 
 she trembled as his green eyes raked her up and down . 
 `` you look well enough , '' he remarked . 
 `` for god 's sake , '' said eadric , startling them both . 
 hildred looked up to see , with some relief , that the lord and his man were turning to go . 
 `` give the lady a carrot , aidan . '' 
 aidan scowled after the departing thegn . 
 `` if you 'll go to church . '' 
 `` one day perhaps , '' called eadric over his shoulder , smirking again . 
 she glared at the thegn as he lifted up sacks of bread and cabbages and secured them to his horse 's saddle . 
 where did the sacks come from ? 
 in another breath eadric hopped gaily onto his horse 's back , the brightness of his hair and tunic blinding even in the dull sunshine , and nudged the mount along , followed by his ever loyal companion . 
 how must it feel to live with such comfort and security ? 
 she could hardly imagine . 
 the monk grumbled to himself , but it seemed as if he was , in fact , fetching her some carrots . 
 her blood stirred with hope . 
 she could n't have planned this situation any better if she had tried . 
 the thegn was riding off , the cook 's back was turned , and within an arm 's reach sat a pail of milk . 
 it was fresh and untouched , filled nearly to the brim , and hildred thought that she would n't need even half that much to save her brother 's life . 
 the problem would be taking it home . 
 she glanced at the cook again ; he grumbled and hummed to himself intermittently , and all the while rummaged through a large bag of carrots , no doubt searching for the tiniest and purplest to give her . 
 she saw a skin nearby and grabbed it ; it was full of ale . 
 working quickly , her blood racing faster than time itself , she took a swig of the ale and poured the rest out . 
 then she dipped it into the pail and watched in awe as the white cream refilled the emptiness . 
 as the cook turned around she moved herself so that she hid the pail behind her , and all the while she struggled to hide the dripping pouch behind her skirts . 
 at last she managed to secure it under the cord around her waist . 
 aidan held out the carrots . 
 `` there , soothe your belly , and then go inside and pray to god . '' 
 `` oh yes of course ... oh , thank you . '' 
 hildred did not care that the carrots were tiny , wrinkled , and purple . 
 they seemed so sweet on her tongue as she ate them , and every crunch sent a jolt of pleasure through her body . 
 all the while she backed away , bowing at the clergyman . 
 `` thank you ... bless you ... '' he nodded and smiled for as long as he could stand to , then eagerly returned to his work . 
 victory filled hildred up like a cool drink , and she turned to hurry off . 
 `` hey ... hey wait ! '' 
 she spurred her feet faster , pretending not to hear him . 
 `` hey ! 
 my ale ! '' 
 his voice sounded very close , very suddenly . 
 when she paused and felt her own skirts settle around her , sopping wet , she knew she was done for . 
 desperately , she reached behind her . 
 all was lost if too much of the milk spilled out . 
 his grubby hands gripped the pouch at the same moment she did ; they wrung it in between them and their combined efforts flung it suddenly to the ground . 
 the last of the rich , white milk soaked into the earth and disappeared . 
 `` you little bitch ! 
 eadric ? 
 eadric ! '' 
 she should have run immediately but she was petrified with horror . 
 as the last drops of milk fade away , she watched as if her own baby brother died before her eyes . 
 tears filled her vision , making the ground undulate . 
 eadric must have been in hearing distance , for soon the thuds of his horses ' hooves grew louder . 
 much too late she turned to run , but she was crying now , sobs choking her throat , salt-water blinding her eyes . 
 `` go on , truman , '' said the thegn , not with much conviction . 
 she heard the sword-man dismount and felt his boots shaking the earth ; she fell to her knees and wept openly . 
 `` i 'm sorry coenred , '' she gasped . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... '' truman grabbed her arms and pulled them behind her . 
 he twisted her wrists sharply and she cried out . 
 `` easy , '' said eadric , his horse churning the dirt with irritation . 
 `` easy ? '' 
 cried the monk . 
 `` she stole my ale -- and some milk ! '' 
 hildred groaned as truman tried to pull her to her feet . 
 she sagged like a dead weight in his arms . 
 `` come now , '' said eadric . 
 `` in the end she only spilled it , so far as i can see . 
 is an accident worth all this trouble ? '' 
 `` you cowardly swineherd ! '' 
 raged aidan . 
 `` you 're as weak as one of your little piglets if you let this go . 
 are you a thegn now or are n't you ? '' 
 eadric 's teeth flashed with a scowl . 
 `` this is the reeve 's work . '' 
 `` then take her to wuffa . '' 
 `` that i will . '' 
 the lord suddenly had a strange look on his face , firm and distant . 
 she stared at him imploringly , wondering if perhaps she could rouse any semblance of mercy within him , such as whatever had caused him to wink at her this very morning . 
 but he would not even look at her . 
 he seemed to have accepted his duty , and forgotten the rest . 
 `` you 're coming , too . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 said aidan . 
 `` i saw nothing . 
 the decision of her innocence must be reached by the magnates . 
 it will be your word against hers . '' 
 `` but my food , and the congregation -- ! '' 
 `` then come to town this evening and speak your piece . 
 i 'll take care of the rest . '' 
 `` good , '' said aidan . 
 `` i will . 
 i enjoy seeing god 's justice be done . '' 
 he sneered at her . 
 `` and as a thief , she 'll hang . '' 
 she shuddered with one last sob , but then her eyes seemed to run dry . 
 the thought of the afterlife still frightened her . 
 but now , not even the fiery depths of hell seemed so terrible as the miserable world in which she already lived . 
 * she spent the evening in an old horse 's stall in the town center of shrewsbury , scratching at the wooden walls , catching the whispers of her captors . 
 she understood few of their words and even fewer of their implications . 
 she did not even comprehend the nature of her punishment nor how it would be enforced , beyond that they would burn her hands , and how the burns healed would determine her fate . 
 upon bringing her to the reeve named wuffa , eadric had spoken kindly on her behalf , claiming that the details of the incident remained unclear to him . 
 `` all i saw was the two of them wrestling , '' said eadric , `` and when i rode closer to investigate , that 's when aidan accused her of theft . 
 i brought her to you because it is my duty to report wrongdoing . 
 but in this case , i must confess , i am not sure which was the one doing wrong . '' 
 hildred thought this a strange way for eadric to describe the situation , as if somehow placing suspicion on the monk . 
 but she did not argue with it . 
 she said nothing at all : not even when wuffa asked her to describe her own version of the story . 
 she knew she was guilty . 
 to admit it would be to condemn her body . 
 to say otherwise would be to condemn her soul . 
 `` you see ? '' 
 eadric had said , a strange look on his face . 
 `` she is as shocked and confused as i am . '' 
 so it seemed that somehow , either aidan or fire would proclaim her guilt . 
 nearly as puzzling as her portending punishment was lord eadric 's opinion of her . 
 their long journey to town together had confused rather than enlightened her . 
 at first , when leaving the monk , he had seemed cold and dismissive . 
 he discussed the personalities and customs of his neighboring thegns and clergymen with truman -- a man who seemed to be both his swordsman and mentor . 
 he spoke of hildred as if she was not being dragged alongside them , listening to every word they said . 
 and yet in his next breath he invited her up onto his saddle , helping her mount the horse with her hands still bound , then settling himself behind her . 
 he sat steadfast against her , his stomach and chest lined against her back , his arms locked around her elbows , so that she could not decide whether his posture was an embrace or an imprisoning grip . 
 whatever the case her blood rushed with heat whenever he spoke , his lips rustling the hair near her ear , and her breath faltered whenever his hands brushed idly over her arms and legs . 
 once when he heard her stomach growl , he offered her food from the sacks in his saddle . 
 he held a piece of bread to her mouth while she bit from it . 
 as the soft grains filled her belly , she realized with shame that her body hungered for more than just food . 
 she could not remember the last time anyone noticed her , much less touched her , the way that eadric did . 
 it was silly to assume that a thegn like him thought of her at all , and completely ridiculous that he might somehow care for her ; and yet the possibility made her heart sprint against her chest . 
 what would it matter , anyway , if in a day her hands would be burned ? 
 if the monk appeared tonight and spoke to the reeve , he would condemn her to hang by the neck . 
 if not , the question of her guilt would be raised to god . 
 in the morning , wuffa and the local mertis would bring her to a fire and stick a poker in the flames ; once glowing they would put it in her hands and force her to walk nine paces with the poker in her grasp . 
 after that they would bind her burned hands and throw her back in the stall . 
 if the wounds were not healing in a week , then she was guilty , and would hang . 
 she knew she was guilty ; she knew her wounds would not heal . 
 and even if they did , how could she return to laboring in the fields with scorched fingers ? 
 she and her father would both starve to death . 
 nothing mattered . 
 nothing could be done . 
 her mind spun and spun in circles , and soon it would find silence in the grave . 
 hildred 's last hope -- that the monk named aidan may not bother coming to town to present his case -- shattered quickly when she heard him outside the stall door . 
 the man who responded to his words was eadric himself . 
 as the two men strolled closer to her prison , she struggled to piece their conversation together from the middle . 
 she sensed from their tones that aidan had not yet gone to the reeve . 
 instead it sounded as if eadric and aidan were in the midst of bartering . 
 `` i know it meant a lot to you , '' eadric was saying , `` but there is always more ale . '' 
 `` i thought you said your supply was low ? '' 
 `` indeed , but i can still acquire more . 
 the result is only that it will cost you a few extra cabbages . '' 
 `` the other monks will start to notice . '' 
 hildred wondered if this had something to do with the sacks of food eadric had obtained from the monk . 
 not all monks were allowed spirits , but whether aidan was allowed them or not seemed beyond the point . 
 one way or another , he was getting more than his fair share , and eadric was clearly his supplier . 
 `` perhaps you 're right . '' 
 it seemed they had stopped just outside her door , and eadric 's voice rang clearly through the wood . 
 she strained to see him through the cracks . 
 `` i can hardly imagine the life you lead , aidan . 
 it must be so difficult , going without so many simple pleasures -- things i take for granted , like ale and wine and meat whenever i can obtain it . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she thought she heard the monk force down a watery swallow . 
 `` you must have so much self-control , aidan ! 
 to think , you are a cook , and yet you abstain from filling your belly until you 've served everyone else first . 
 it is truly self-less of you . 
 you deserve to indulge in a few extra spirits on occasion . 
 by god , if i were you i would indulge in much more . '' 
 eadric laughed , and aidan laughed nervously with him . 
 after a moment , the monk asked , `` what sort of things would you indulge in ? '' 
 `` ah , my dear aidan , your mind is so pure you do n't even know what i 'm talking about ! 
 for your own sake i should shut my mouth right now . '' 
 `` never mind . '' 
 the monk sounded testy . 
 `` tell me what you meant ! '' 
 eadric lowered his voice , and yet she could still hear every word . 
 `` if i were you i would have taken justice into my own hands today . 
 did you even see the beauty of the sinful wench who stole from you ? 
 i am sure your mind was too close to god to notice how her lips looked as sweet as mead , her flesh as soft as dough , and yet ripe as fruit in all the right places . '' 
 hildred drew back from the door , her stomach turning unpleasantly . 
 the monk heaved a sigh . 
 a terrible silence followed the sound of his breath . 
 `` if you do notice such things , and resist anyway , i am all the more awed by you , '' eadric went on . 
 `` surely no one would blame you for a little indulgence now and then . '' 
 when the monk finally spoke again , his voice was weak . 
 `` you ... you do n't think so ? '' 
 `` of course not ! 
 dear god , how innocent you are . '' 
 `` you know i 'm not so innocent , '' snapped aidan , as if affronted . 
 `` do n't be so hard on yourself . 
 in any case , to make the maiden pay for her crime with a fate less than death would be a mercy , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure i do n't know what you mean ! '' 
 said aidan . 
 but he spoke too quickly to be telling the truth . 
 `` i 'm sure i do n't know either . '' 
 she could hear the smirk on eadric 's voice , and it made her blood turn cold . 
 how horrible it seemed to her that earlier today she had been eager for his attention , and enjoyed the touch of his breath ! 
 now she thought his tongue must drip poison . 
 she felt as if she could hear the monks ' mind turning , even in the heavy silence , and she shivered through her core . 
 `` what do you think , aidan ? '' 
 said eadric after a time . 
 `` should i fetch the reeve so he can hear your accusation ? 
 or do you think you could find some manner of forgiveness within yourself ? '' 
 `` i ... i do n't know . '' 
 the monk sounded breathless . 
 hildred backed further and further from the door until she was against the far wall of the stall . 
 his shadow filled the cracks . 
 now , he was the one peering through the wood . 
 `` is she in there now ? '' 
 asked aidan . 
 `` and her hands are bound , '' said eadric . 
 `` perhaps ... i should give you some time to think it over ? '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 `` i see . 
 i 'll stall the reeve until you 're ready , then . '' 
 as hildred listened to eadric 's departing footsteps , she felt as if she melted into the rotted hay , and she wished that she actually would . 
 she could hear aidan shuffling around on the other side of the door , and if she listened too closely she could hear him breathing heavily . 
 the sound filled her with disgust and dread . 
 `` i suppose you heard all that , '' he said at last . 
 his voice was terribly faint , not much stronger than a whisper , but it struck her like a slap . 
 `` perhaps a little indulgence would do us both some good . 
 after all , you do n't want to hang , do you ? '' 
 she did n't know what to say . 
 why had eadric done this to her ? 
 now she knew that he was even more vile and cruel than people suspected him to be ; he was completely evil . 
 when he let her share his saddle and eat his bread he must have been toying with her , enjoying the extent of her humiliation and despair . 
 she felt as if she truly wanted to die now ; and yet some cruel survival instinct kept her from muttering a sound , kept her from saying , `` yes , i 'd rather hang . '' 
 aidan 's fingers fumbled with the door lock . 
 his voice fell even lower . 
 `` you must promise not to make a sound . 
 if you do , this does n't have to be so bad . 
 after all , i 'm sure you 've done things like this before , have n't you ? 
 why else did you dress all pretty today ? 
 you like tempting men , do n't you ? 
 and you deserve to be punished . 
 but it 's true , i am merciful ; merciful enough to keep you from hanging , if you 'll do what i ask . '' 
 the door creaked open and his shadow fell over the hay . 
 just as quickly he closed the door behind him , though now it was unlocked , and thicker shadows fell over his shape . 
 hildred wondered if it was better that way . 
 she could not see his face as he moved closer , though she imagined his fierce green eyes , now blazing with lust . 
 she knew she should scream . 
 doing so would save herself from this foul violation , but she would condemn herself to hang on the noose tomorrow . 
 she thought of little coenred . 
 she wondered if he had survived the day . 
 she wondered if there was any way yet she might save him , if she lived . 
 she flinched as his fingers found her knee . 
 he drew back again . 
 she realized even he feared the repercussions of his behavior . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he hissed . 
 `` do you want to do this or not ? '' 
 something strange happened then . 
 behind the monk 's looming form , another shadow filled the cracks of the stall doorway . 
 but she had never heard anyone approach . 
 `` do ... do what ? '' 
 she was not sure how she found her voice , but there it was , wheezing out of her throat . 
 `` you know full well , you little witch . '' 
 she repressed a whimper as his hand found her breast , bolder now , and squeezed . 
 she felt a tremble go through his grip . 
 she glanced at the doorway again , but aidan was too far-gone to notice . 
 the shadow was still there , moving slightly . 
 someone definitely stood outside . 
 spite filled her as she imagined eadric , listening in on her torment . 
 perhaps he had encouraged the monk to do this so that he could enjoy the show . 
 she hated him with all her being . 
 `` i want you to say it , '' she managed at last . 
 `` i want you to swear to god that you 'll let me go if i . . 
 if i ... '' `` give yourself to me ? '' 
 his other hand reached out , pulling at the fabric of the dress . 
 `` yes , '' he said , more urgently now . 
 `` yes , i swear i 'll let you go after this , if you do n't make a sound ... '' the door behind him creaked open . 
 his fingers froze in place , his body going as tense as a yanked rope , as torch-light spilled onto his figure . 
 he turned slowly , his horror only rising as he looked upon the intruder . 
 for there behind him stood none other than the reeve himself , wuffa . 
 next to the reeve stood eadric , a somewhat pained and disgusted look on his face . 
 `` what the devil is going on here ? '' 
 cried wuffa . 
 very belatedly , aidan drew his hand from hildred 's chest . 
 `` i ... i ... i ... '' he swallowed thickly . 
 `` i do n't know about you , wuffa , '' said eadric , `` but i heard very clearly what was going on . '' 
 his voice sounded strained . 
 `` the monk said it himself . '' 
 flinching with rage , aidan straightened somewhat and found his voice . 
 he left hildred 's dress gaping open , and she burned with the shame . 
 but the sight of her exposed chest made aidan look all the more guilty to wuffa . 
 `` she stole from me , '' aidan burst at last . 
 `` she 'll hang tomorrow , so i might as well -- '' `` not anymore , she wo n't , '' snapped wuffa . 
 hope stirred within hildred , but the sensation was faint beneath her ongoing humiliation . 
 `` eadric tells me he saw nothing but the two of you wrestling , and suspected you had some trick like this up your filthy sleeves . 
 get out of my sight before i tattle to your abbot . '' 
 aidan 's lips blubbered helplessly a moment . 
 `` but ... you would n't ! '' 
 `` i will , unless you hurry along , pig ! '' 
 the monk let out a very fitting snort , then stormed away per wuffa 's advice . 
 when passing eadric , he paused , but the young thegn did not look at him . 
 `` you -- you ! '' 
 cried aidan , as if he could not even think of an insult . 
 then he rushed out . 
 wuffa , long wearied of the entire affair , turned to follow the monk 's footsteps . 
 on his way , his shoulder knocked forcefully against eadric 's , as if on accident , but he did not bother to apologize . 
 eadric did not acknowledge this . 
 he stood still with his head bowed , saying nothing and staring into the floor until only he and hildred remained . 
 at last , eadric looked at her . 
 `` i 'm sorry about that , '' he said weakly . 
 `` i would n't have let it go much further ... but of course you did n't know that . 
 good move on your part , making him state his ... intentions . '' 
 he grew quiet again , and she realized he was staring at her breasts . 
 she flushed , drawing her knees up to cover herself . 
 the slight movement made her realize how violently she was shaking . 
 `` sorry again , '' said eadric . 
 `` perhaps you should turn around ? '' 
 feeling faint , hildred lifted herself to her knees and turned as he suggested . 
 the hay rustled as he moved towards her , causing a fresh onslaught of tremors to wrack her body . 
 his touch was so gentle on her wrists that she thought she imagined it at first , and when his grip tightened she did not flinch ; then with a sharp tug , he sliced a dirk through her bindings . 
 she scurried away , using awkward fingers to shut her dress and tie it back together . 
 now that she was freed , a feeling of urgency overcame her . 
 `` my brother , '' she gasped . 
 `` he 's only a baby . 
 he 's dying . '' 
 `` of starvation , i suppose ? 
 and that 's why you stole the milk ? '' 
 she glared at him , tears of rage and sorrow flooding her vision . 
 `` what would you know of it ? 
 you , whose tenants and livestock are the fattest in the land ! 
 did you achieve that with lying and deceit as well ? '' 
 `` how could you say that ? '' 
 he actually looked hurt , his blue gaze crinkling . 
 `` i helped you , did n't i ? 
 i saved you from the noose ! '' 
 `` you really did arrange all that on purpose ? '' 
 she could n't help but be impressed . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i know aidan well . 
 i knew what he would do . '' 
 her anger returned to her . 
 `` in that case you tempted a monk into sin , '' she said , `` like the devil himself . '' 
 `` oh really ? '' 
 he crossed his arms over his chest and cocked his clean-shaven chin . 
 `` and was it the devil who made you steal ? '' 
 `` i ... i ... '' she wiped her tears from her cheeks . 
 `` i suppose so . '' 
 `` no it was n't , '' snapped eadric . 
 `` it was you who stole , and you did it to save your brother , which sounds to me like a noble cause . 
 and if you 're still feeling proactive , perhaps we should go and check on him . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 `` unless you 'd like to walk home in the dark , while you 're still half-starving ? '' 
 his tone was sharp now , reprimanding her . 
 feeling duly humbled and grateful for his help , hildred bowed her head and followed him out . 
 this time , when they rode together , she sat behind him . 
 she tried at first not to grip him , but sometimes she had little option but to wrap her arms around his stomach so she did n't fall off . 
 he offered no reaction , nor said a word for a long time . 
 the sun fell behind them , and the fields took on gradient hues of green and gold . 
 in this light , they did not seem so withered and rotten as they truly were . 
 it occurred to her to wonder why eadric had bothered to help her . 
 after all , he had benefited from his underhanded dealings with the monk ; why turn on him now ? 
 was it because he had truly run out of ale and thus would get no more business from aidan anyway ? 
 was it because he wanted something from her ? 
 or perhaps he had never made a plan to help her at all , and simply played along with the events as they unfolded ? 
 she could not figure it out , but she did not think eadric was the sort to do something without reason . 
 eventually her small home peeked out from behind a slope of shrubs , its thatched roof glowing with the warm colors of the sunset . 
 but the sight did not comfort her , for sitting outside was her father , his head clasped in his hands . 
 eadric reined his horse to a stop . 
 hildred slid to the ground and rushed to her father 's sobbing form . 
 she held him , and together they wept until the moon appeared in the pale sky , taunting them like a freshly-minted coin beyond their reach . 
 * by nightfall the tiny , stiff bundle that was once hildred 's baby brother lay buried underground alongside the mother who died bearing him . 
 hildred and her father knelt at the freshly churned earth a long while , crying until their eyes ran dry and muttering nonsensical prayers . 
 when hildred heard someone approaching , for a moment she panicked . 
 she had forgotten eadric 's presence , or assumed he left some time ago . 
 but there he stood , and he had been watching them from afar all the while . 
 `` how do your make your living ? '' 
 he asked hildred 's father . 
 the man looked up with no expression at all , his eyes vacant , as if his soul had long since fled his body . 
 `` i 'm a free man , '' he said , `` but for a long while i made my living reaping thegn sigbert 's crops . 
 he dismissed me a few months ago , saying he could no longer afford me . '' 
 `` so this is your land ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then it will be mine now . '' 
 the confidence in his voice shocked hildred , but her father did not react at all . 
 `` in exchange your daughter will come work for me on my estate , and i 'll supply her enough food to feed you both . 
 i will also give you seeds to plant here . '' 
 `` it 's too late to plant , '' her father said . 
 `` i speak of the future . '' 
 irritation grated on eadric 's voice . 
 `` in a year i 'll expect you to pay me my dues as your lord , and such charities to you will cease . 
 do you agree to this or not ? '' 
 her father hesitated . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 cried hildred . 
 such elation filled her that her soul seemed to peer down on her body from afar . 
 she could hardly believe this was happening . 
 only hours ago she had looked upon eadric as the most vile man on earth , but now she wondered if he was an angel sent from heaven . 
 enough food to feed her and her father for a year ? 
 seeds for next year ? 
 a chance for her father to get back on his feet ? 
 she had never heard of such a proposal from any other lord before , but that did n't matter . 
 the alternative was poverty and destitution . 
 even so her father looked upon the land with sadness ; he did not want to lose it . 
 but he must have realized , too , that there was no better option left to him . 
 at last , he bowed his head in assent . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` very good . '' 
 eadric exhaled , and hildred realized he had been holding his breath . 
 perhaps he was newer to all this than he seemed . 
 she must have been glowing with excitement , for when his gaze fell upon her , it narrowed . 
 `` as for you , er ... what is your name ? '' 
 she lowered her gaze . 
 `` hildred . '' 
 `` well , hildred ... '' he tilted his head to a ridiculous angle until she could not help but look at him . 
 then he gave her a playful smirk . 
 `` if you ever steal from me , bear in mind i will not be so forgiving as when you steal from someone else . '' 
 despite everything that had happened , despite the old and fresh graves in the ground next to her feet , hildred felt a grin winding up her face . 
 `` yes , of course , my lord . '' 
 `` dear god ! '' 
 said eadric . 
 fear coursed through her veins , and a frown returned to her face . 
 `` what ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 please smile again . '' 
 though now she was fidgeting with nervousness , she forced herself to smile . 
 `` there . '' 
 she tensed as he reached up with one hand , but his touch was gentle as he brushed his knuckles across her cheek . 
 `` when you smile , you have dimples . 
 did you even know that ? '' 
 `` i ... i ... '' hildred wanted to laugh at this ridiculous observation . 
 but sobs welled unexpectedly into her ribcage . 
 i forgot , she might have said . 
 instead , she turned aside , away from his touch , tears flooding her eyes . 
 she found it difficult to speak at all . 
 `` i 'll start work on your estate tomorrow , '' she managed , just barely . 
 `` very well . '' 
 she could not bear to look at him as he returned to his horse ; she wondered if he thought her silly and foolish for crying again so suddenly . 
 but how could she explain that she did not remember the last time she smiled ? 
 as eadric rode away , her father held her , and they stood together until her sobs faded once more to silence . 
 she drew a deep breath , and exhaled as the wind stirred the dark world . 
 she harbored the brief hope that from now on , she would find reason to smile more often . 
 ** 8 the eighth lost tale of mercia : canute the viking -lrb- back to table of contents -rrb- * jomsborg 1012 a.d. canute 's palms sweated as he stood across from his sparring partner . 
 this was the most formidable opponent , he suspected , that he had ever faced next to thorkell the tall himself . 
 they were of a similar age and height , fifteen or sixteen years old , tall and wiry , though tosti was a bit broader in the shoulders and hips . 
 his most incredible feature , canute deduced , was his incredible agility . 
 every part of his body -- all except his fierce silver eyes and unwavering smirk -- seemed to be constantly moving at every moment . 
 his feet strolled across the wet earth without leaving an indention in their wake . 
 his fingers fidgeted playfully along the handle of his wooden sword . 
 he tilted his head , back and forth , back and forth , as if to watch canute from every possible angle . 
 the muscles of his bare torso undulated in the diffused sunshine like rippling water . 
 and all the while , his long blond braids flowed along his chest and back , like snakes writhing about his shoulders . 
 canute 's own fighting posture was the exact opposite . 
 he stood very , very still , his boots sinking into the mud , one hand clenching his poised sword until splinters bit into his skin . 
 nothing moved along his pale chest but for glittering trails of sweat . 
 his blue eyes focused on tosti through narrowed lids , blinking only when his hair lashed against them , which made him regret cutting it too short to pull back . 
 but beyond this fleeting thought all his concentration centered on tosti . 
 he tried not to think about the group of young jomsvikings watching them . 
 he tried not to think about the humiliation he would face should he lose this skirmish . 
 with very little warning at all , tosti struck with his wooden sword . 
 canute lifted his own to block , sinking his weight deeper into his legs . 
 he absorbed the blow and tried to redirect its momentum back on tosti . 
 the wooden rods creaked as they clashed , and splinters flew as canute twisted , hoping to offset tosti 's grip . 
 tosti reacted quickly , shifting his stance completely . 
 he made another lunge with his weapon , and this one swiped canute across the side . 
 he winced as the wood scraped his skin , struggling not to move . 
 `` get him , tosti ! '' 
 shouted one of the onlookers , and a resounding cheer echoed him . 
 canute gritted his teeth , trying to ignore this insult . 
 how dare they ? 
 though only fifteen years old , he was a leader to these men in almost every conceivable way . 
 his father was sweyn forkbeard , king of denmark and norway . 
 his grandfather was the great harald bluetooth , founder of the christian church of roskilde . 
 his ancestor was gorm the old , the first king of denmark . 
 his foster-father was thorkell the tall , the greatest and mightiest jomsviking next to his own brother , jarl sigvald . 
 canute 's own brother , harald , ruled as regent of denmark while their father harried the coasts of engla-lond with thorkell . 
 but now was not the time to wonder how these young men dared cheer against him . 
 he would have to ponder that later . 
 tosti continued to dash about the field , hopping from one spot to the next as if he would win by dizzying his opponent . 
 canute just glared , eyes flicking along with tosti 's movements , and waited for him to make a real advance . 
 he took slow and steady breaths , intent on gathering his energy while tosti wasted his . 
 a bird flew through the sky , slicing the glaring sunshine into pieces . 
 birds were often a sign from the gods . 
 canute looked up . 
 while canute was distracted , tosti struck again -- this time on canute 's shoulder . 
 canute cried out , more from rage than from pain , for the blow was not very hard . 
 tosti drew back just as canute tried to swipe back at him . 
 this left him in a vulnerable position . 
 tosti smacked canute 's rump with the flat of his wooden sword , as if with a paddle , then hopped quickly away . 
 canute was so shocked by the humiliation of the blow that he stood petrified for a moment , red flushing his torso and face as if he 'd been sunburned in a matter of seconds . 
 tosti had just ... spanked him ! 
 he could have done it for no other reason than to make fun of canute . 
 to win the spar , one of them had to knock the other over . 
 so tosti had nothing to gain from such a ridiculous move . 
 meanwhile , the small crowd exploded with laughter and jeers . 
 `` oh , look at the great sweynsson now ! '' 
 `` where 's thorkell the tall when you need him , canute ? '' 
 seeing through a haze of red , canute looked dizzily at the faces around him . 
 is that what they really believed ? 
 did they truly think that without his great fathers and guardians , he was a nobody ? 
 a shout of rage ripped out of his throat , so strong it silenced most of the laughter . 
 canute did n't notice , for at last he was advancing on his opponent . 
 he lifted his sword high , pulling his feet from the mud at last to run towards tosti . 
 the look on his face must have been frightening enough , for tosti froze with terror . 
 at the last moment , he lifted his sword to block canute 's onslaught , but his stance was not ample ; canute 's sword knocked tosti 's aside , then it smacked him hard across the side of the head . 
 tosti 's eyes rolled and he crumpled to the earth , his energy cut off like a waterfall dammed from above . 
 everyone around canute grew quiet . 
 soon he heard nothing but his own heart thumping in his chest , increasing in tempo . 
 he had not meant to hit tosti quite so hard . 
 why did n't he get up ? 
 he felt the unfamiliar feeling of guilt flowing through him . 
 before today , he had looked up to tosti , secretly . 
 he had been excited about getting this chance to spar with him . 
 he had anticipated an exciting and enlightening competition . 
 this ... this was certainly not what he 'd had in mind . 
 the possibility that tosti might not get up filled canute with dread . 
 he wanted tosti 's respect , not tosti 's death . 
 unable to help himself , he knelt down and shook tosti 's clammy shoulder . 
 `` hey , '' he said . 
 he felt the intense stares of the other jomsvikings bearing down on him , but he tried his best to ignore them . 
 `` hey , wake up ! '' 
 slowly , tosti 's eyes came open . 
 he looked dazed . 
 as his lids parted , canute studied his deep gray irises for signs of consciousness . 
 his eyes were a strange color , like stones sparkling with silver grains in the sunlight . 
 but that mattered not . 
 canute gave him another hard shake . 
 `` are you alive or are n't you ? '' 
 the viking prince demanded . 
 tosti reached up suddenly and thrust canute 's hand away from his shoulder . 
 `` i 'm fine , no thanks to you , you clumsy oaf . '' 
 canute clenched his jaws and stood up . 
 everyone was still staring at him , waiting for some sort of response . 
 well let them have it , he thought as his lip curled . 
 `` let that be a lesson to you all , '' he snapped . 
 in the silence , he was all too aware of how high-pitched his own voice seemed . 
 his voice did not boom like his father 's or thorkell the tall 's . 
 but it had its own strength , its own tenor . 
 `` insult me again , and i 'll pay you in kind . '' 
 he threw his wooden sword into the grass , then turned and stormed away . 
 for a reason he could not explain , he felt even more humiliated now than he had before . 
 * at the night meal , a great number of aspiring young warriors sat near canute , but very few spoke to him . 
 he chewed angrily on his meat as he surveyed the faces around him . 
 the only young men sitting here were the ones who wanted to sap from his power and renown . 
 none of them cared to engage in conversation with him , nor ask him how his day had gone . 
 they only seemed to exchange such trivialities with one another . 
 one of them bragged that on a recent trip to jom , the nearby town that the fortress of jomsborg protected , he had lain with an eager woman . 
 women were not generally allowed into the jomsborg stronghold , so encounters with the opposite sex were rare . 
 all the other young warriors hung on his every word . 
 canute scoffed . 
 the sound drew some furious glances . 
 the young man , fromund , who had been the one to lie with a woman in jom , dared to speak . 
 `` what 's wrong , canute ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` not lain with a woman yet ? '' 
 `` lain ? 
 no . '' 
 he threw his meat-stripped bone into the center of the table . 
 `` any woman i have , i will take . 
 and that should go for the rest of you , as well . 
 if you want sighing maidens as your bedfellows , you have chosen the wrong profession . '' 
 a few of the boys laughed nervously . 
 more of them stared at him with incredulous looks on their faces . 
 fromund , meanwhile , outright frowned . 
 `` i guess that means you have n't , '' he said . 
 `` you obviously do n't know what i 'm talking about . '' 
 some of the other boys snickered . 
 `` like hell ! '' 
 snarled canute . 
 his voice was harsher than he intended , and everyone flinched as he dropped his fist on the table with a loud thump . 
 his blood roared in his ears . 
 even he did n't know why he was so upset . 
 why was everything today going so wrong ? 
 he stared in a panic at the faces around him , feeling as if they were all disgusted . 
 why should they be ? 
 `` i , uh ... i kissed a girl once , in jom , after she winked at me . 
 it was ... nice enough . '' 
 in truth , as he recalled , it had been quite awkward . 
 the stares on him did not relent ; they only blinked a few times , to return even fiercer than before . 
 `` you 're all a bunch of dimwitted idiots , '' he growled , and stood up . 
 even though he had a few bones on his plate left to clean up , he walked away . 
 he 'd lost his appetite . 
 on his way out of the hall , he glimpsed tosti a few tables away . 
 even more unexpectedly , tosti looked up and stared back at him . 
 canute felt a physical jolt go through him as their gazes locked . 
 then he shivered and hurried out even faster than before . 
 outside , he leaned against the walls of the hall , listening to the muffled echoes of the laughter and camaraderie through the wood . 
 his fingers pulled angrily at his own tunic , the red fabric soft and tight-woven , heavily embroidered with golden thread and far more beautiful than the tunics of any other jomsvikings . 
 but for some reason , he wished that he could rip it off . 
 his teeth ground against each other as he reflected upon how the other young men had treated him today , and how their behavior grew worse and worse the longer thorkell the tall was away in engla-lond . 
 his heart ached as he thought of thorkell , for he missed his foster-father terribly . 
 what would thorkell have to say about today 's events ? 
 would he be pleased by the way canute had handled tosti 's insult ? 
 or would he have disapproved of canute 's wild `` temper ? '' 
 he reprimanded canute often for his temper , saying that no leader should be prone to rash decisions . 
 perhaps thorkell would comfort him , at least , with the reminder that kings were not meant to mingle with all the other boys like one of their friends . 
 it was his place to stand apart , to remind them all of their place , and thus his own . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he jolted and turned to face the intruder . 
 under the bright glare of a yellow moon stood tosti , his gray eyes unreadable in the dark light . 
 he swayed slightly , his body ever moving , his long braids swishing back and forth across his lithe shoulders . 
 `` hello , '' said canute . 
 he forced a thick swallow down his throat . 
 why did he feel nervous ? 
 he had nothing to apologize for , and yet he fought the urge to say i 'm sorry , nonetheless . 
 `` good spar today , '' he managed at last . 
 it was a lie . 
 `` you think so ? '' 
 a strange laugh came out of tosti 's throat , chiming and carefree . 
 `` do n't think i 've ever been hit in the head that hard before . 
 totally blacked out for a few seconds . '' 
 once again , canute bit back an apology . 
 `` you 're lucky you experienced it when you did , then . 
 it might happen to you a lot in battle , when your life is on the line . '' 
 `` hah . '' 
 the sound from tosti 's throat was not quite so pleasant this time . 
 a long silence followed it . 
 canute felt unexpectedly awkward . 
 tosti must have come out here and addressed him for a reason . 
 but what ? 
 if he 'd intended to say something , he must have lost his courage , for his swaying had turned to fidgeting , and he glanced all around himself as if he did n't know what to focus on . 
 whatever the case , canute felt as if it was his responsibility to fill the silence . 
 `` you 're ... you 're quite good , you know . '' 
 his own words surprised him . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` i said : you 're a very good fighter . 
 you move quickly , and you 're difficult to predict . '' 
 canute forced himself to look tosti in the eyes . 
 at last the testy youth stilled somewhat . 
 his face looked surprisingly elegant right now , the lines of his lips and jaws glowing in the moonlight . 
 `` we should practice together more often . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 so you can hit me in the head again ? '' 
 `` only if you let me get away with it . '' 
 it was a challenge , and for a moment he was not sure how tosti would take it . 
 but then his cheeks lifted with a smile . 
 `` not a chance . '' 
 `` we 'll see , then . '' 
 `` yes we will , sweynsson . '' 
 canute repressed an `` oomph '' as tosti reached out and jabbed his shoulder ; but the gesture was playful . 
 as tosti turned and scampered away , he sent a whoop of unrestrained joy into the darkness . 
 canute found a smile on his own face . 
 * the next day they roamed the land beyond the fortress together . 
 the woods were sparse , full of old pines and white stones . 
 but the dappled shade held golden surprises as canute ran through the undergrowth . 
 he felt every rock through the leather of his shoes , sharp and tingling ; his short , thick hair lashed his face until it stung ; his breath began to burn in his chest , and yet he felt invigorated . 
 tosti had challenged him to a race , and of course he could not say no . 
 out of the corner of his eyes he could see tosti , flitting through the trees like a bird 's flapping wings , pulling ahead step by step . 
 but this only pushed canute to run harder , and a determined sneer went up his face . 
 he drew an estimate in his head of tosti 's strengths and weaknesses . 
 tosti was faster now , but he would tire soon , and then canute would pull ahead . 
 tosti did not let it come to that , however . 
 with a howl of victory , he topped the next rise and stopped there , as if deciding this was the finish line . 
 canute caught up to him soon , glaring . 
 he struggled to breathe amply through his nose , though his nostrils flared with the strain , while tosti gasped freely through his grinning mouth . 
 `` did you wake up with stones in your ankles , sweynsson ? '' 
 canute ignored him and glanced at the new landscape beneath them . 
 the water level was high in the land below the slope ; long flat stones stretched over the earth , smoothed by the shallow streams flowing around them , gleaming as if with a permanent layer of water . 
 it was difficult to discern what was solid and what was not . 
 `` this is a poor choice for a playing field . '' 
 `` i pick this one , you pick the next one . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 tosti looked at canute with irritation , his curvy lips drooping with an uncharacteristic frown . 
 canute did not like it when tosti frowned as much as when he smiled . 
 he lightened his tone . 
 `` let 's do it the other way around . 
 we fight here first . '' 
 `` on this hill ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 canute was pleased with himself . 
 he thought this would be another chance to teach tosti a lesson . 
 and as soon that they began fighting , he confirmed his suspicions . 
 tosti struggled to maintain his unbounded energy while on either side of him , a slope threatened to drop him . 
 he hopped and poked at canute with his wooden sword , but every large movement made him struggle to regain his balance . 
 often he had to look down in order to find stable footing , and at these moments canute struck at him , again and again and again . 
 at last he plunged the blunt tip of his wooden weapon against tosti 's midriff , who promptly tipped backwards . 
 tosti dropped his sword , hands lifting and flapping desperately in a last attempt to right himself . 
 but it was too late : he was about to fall down the slope . 
 as he fell , he reached out and grabbed canute 's outstretched sword , gripping until he no doubt acquired several splinters . 
 stubbornly , canute refused to let go , even as all of tosti 's weight transferred to its tip . 
 `` you -- son of a -- bitch ! '' 
 cried the viking prince , as at last he lost his own balance and plunged headlong down the slope next to tosti . 
 the slope was not particularly steep , but they rolled in the hopes of slowing their falls to a stop . 
 worst of all , sharp stones lay interspersed along the soil , which jabbed and pulled at their tunics while littering their flesh with bruises . 
 by the time he came to a stop at the base canute 's blood roared with fiery fury ; as soon as he made it to his feet he looked over at tosti and resisted the urge to kick him while he was down . 
 instead , he realized his body ached more than he first gave it credit for . 
 he wondered if he had twisted something . 
 meanwhile , tosti sat up but did n't move other than to struggle to regain his breath . 
 canute snorted at him . 
 `` whenever you 're ready to go again , you let me know . '' 
 he strolled over to the nearest pool of water , lapping warmly in the dip of a rock , and splashed it on his face . 
 he hissed as he discovered a raw scrape along his cheekbone . 
 a bird call split the air , and he looked up , glancing around desperately . 
 in reward for his efforts , the sun half-blinded him . 
 `` what 's with you and birds ? '' 
 canute twisted his head to look back at tosti , glaring . 
 this did not daunt the other fellow in the least . 
 `` you ? 
 and birds ? 
 one distracted you when we sparred yesterday , as well . '' 
 canute looked away and picked at his nails , as if suddenly this was a task requiring his attention . 
 but tosti saw right through him . 
 `` something to do with thorkell , eh ? 
 always going on about eagles -- when he talks at all , that is . '' 
 canute could n't help but smile at that . 
 truly enough , thorkell was not a talkative man , but he did like to tell the story of thiassi , a giant who took the form of an eagle and stole iddun and her apples of youth from the gods . 
 loki managed to recapture her , and afterward , odin took thiassi 's eyes and placed them in the sky as stars . 
 it seemed to canute that his mentor had a strange sort of affection for the legendary rebel . 
 `` i 'm not looking for an eagle , '' said canute . 
 `` i 'm looking for a raven . '' 
 `` ah , so you can wave a hello to odin ? '' 
 canute was not sure what to think of tosti 's cynical attitude , so he tried to ignore it . 
 `` no , '' he said , and then grew silent again . 
 `` what then ? '' 
 tosti leaned closer to him , hands spreading along the grass . 
 the longer the silence , the more curious he seemed to become . 
 the viking prince stopped fidgeting with his hands and paused to consider the truth . 
 it sounded foolish and weak when he reflected on it directly . 
 he did not want to embarrass himself further to someone who had managed to paddle him on the rump only yesterday . 
 nonetheless , he felt strangely touched that tosti bothered asking such a question . 
 he must have remained quiet for so long , however , that tosti began to give up on him . 
 `` how about you tell me why you care so much about damn birds after i beat your ass to dust bits , '' tosti suggested . 
 spry once more , tosti hopped to his feet and brushed off his tunic ; then , to canute 's surprise , he proceeded to take it off . 
 he had a look on his face of fierce optimism , gray eyes glittering , white teeth flashing , his cat-like nose pinched by an unrelenting smile . 
 canute could not help but pause and watch for a moment as the young man peeled off his clothes ; underneath his skin was even more golden than canute remembered , its smoothness interrupted by nothing but the flow of his rippling muscles . 
 his body seemed dark against his pale braids swaying in silky ropes . 
 in a moment tosti was nearly finished and ready to go again , stripped to nothing but his loincloth . 
 canute ripped his eyes away and followed his example , flinging off his fine linens with all the gentility he might show a poison-soaked rag . 
 the sun bathed his body , soaking into his veins and filling him with fire . 
 it felt good to bare himself to the sun , and at the same time he felt insecure . 
 would tosti find him scrawny and pale ? 
 why did he care ? 
 tosti smirked at him . 
 `` my turn now . '' 
 canute looked back at his wooden sword , discarded on the hillside . 
 `` weapons ? '' 
 `` no weapons . '' 
 tosti wriggled his fingers in the air . 
 `` i 'll take you down with my bare hands . '' 
 `` very well . 
 i weary of those toys , anyway . '' 
 canute spat to the side . 
 he rubbed his hands together , then opened them wide . 
 `` where shall we do this ? '' 
 `` over there . '' 
 he pointed to a smooth stone in the middle of the rocky shallows . 
 canute still thought it seemed like a terrible place for a skirmish -- not only would it be slippery , but to fall one would risk a severe blow to the head . 
 nonetheless , they had an agreement . 
 he made his way out to the stone tosti indicated , wondering if he would regret keeping his leather shoes on . 
 they sopped wet as he walked , and stole from him the sensations of the stones and soil under his feet . 
 however , they also numbed him to the occasional sharp edge . 
 at last he found his position and made his stance . 
 tosti had chosen to take off his own shoes . 
 he strolled along the rocks , his gaze locked on canute , as if he did not need to look down to determine his footing . 
 canute scowled at him , and shrugged his shoulders in a gesture of impatience . 
 tosti pounced without warning , gliding over the rocks as if they were no more than a slide for his feet . 
 in his surprise canute shifted drastically , lifting his arms to block , and felt his heels slipping downwards . 
 trying to right himself only made him slip further , and by then tosti was upon him , hands gripping canute 's wrists and twisting them around . 
 canute cried out , struggling to regain power over his arms while tosti shifted to kick at him . 
 he blocked himself with his own leg , though as a result tosti 's shin struck his knee at a sharp angle , and he yelled again . 
 the burst of pain fed him strength . 
 he pushed back against tosti , bending the youth 's arms until his grip folded and canute burst through , jabbing his elbow into tosti 's sternum . 
 tosti gasped for breath and fell back . 
 seeing his chance , canute pushed forward , aiming another blow that would drop his opponent into the stones . 
 but at the last moment tosti wriggled about , regaining his balance somehow , and slipped to the side like a snake . 
 canute 's fist swished through empty air and disrupted his own balance ; his feet came loose again and he stumbled about , hearing his leather shoes snag against a sharp stone . 
 in such a manner the two fought for an indefinite amount of time ; canute lost track of the number of times he thought he would throw tosti for good , only to find himself scrambling and waving his arms like a fool as tosti slithered about him . 
 they exchanged one blow after another , until canute 's stomach ached from so many punches , and a number of spots along tosti 's gleaming torso swelled from the impact of canute 's knuckles . 
 canute felt dizzy from all the twisting and turning , and the longer he fought the less he tried to stable himself , kicking and swinging desperately at tosti 's slippery form . 
 at one point he threw all of his strength into a punch , but again tosti slipped out of reach , and as canute lunged forward with his own momentum he knew he would not be able to recover balance . 
 he would fall on a particularly sharp pile of rocks , maiming himself and ending this match in a humiliating defeat . 
 but all of a sudden tosti grabbed him from behind , his smooth arms slipping around canute 's back , one arm locking his shoulders in place while the other pressed tight against his throat . 
 canute wriggled a moment , testing his confines and preparing his limbs for their escape . 
 then he heard tosti 's breath against his ears , and felt tosti 's soft lips press against his cheek . 
 canute froze . 
 what had seemed like a chokehold suddenly seemed like an embrace . 
 tosti 's arms held him tight while he brushed his smirking mouth against canute 's skin . 
 there was nothing to call the gesture other than a kiss . 
 and just as suddenly , tosti drew away again . 
 he released canute , moved around him , and ducked . 
 with a single deft movement , he kicked canute 's feet out from under him , and the viking prince went hurtling to the ground . 
 water splashed all around him ; the breath puffed out of his chest as his back struck the earth . 
 but it could have been much worse : tosti could have pushed him against the rocks . 
 even once he had physically recovered he remained still a while , staring vacantly up at the sky , confused and disoriented . 
 tosti leaned over him , grinning . 
 `` what ... what in thor 's name was that ? '' 
 canute gasped . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 tosti shrugged . 
 `` but it worked . '' 
 he reached down , gripped canute 's hand , and pulled him to his feet . 
 * the walk back to jom seemed much longer when their muscles ached , their bodies were slick with sweat , and they both suffered scrapes on their feet . 
 canute noticed some blood in tosti 's footsteps , but tosti did not even seem to care , so he said nothing . 
 in fact , they were both in unexpectedly jovial moods . 
 canute felt elated by the day 's events , which were a bright and colorful blur in his mind -- all but for the sharp moment still hanging in his memory when tosti had kissed him . 
 had he only done it to distract canute ? 
 he had not done anything like it since , even though they had continued to explore the land together and develop their fighting skills . 
 they had even paused to give each other tips and suggestions . 
 canute flushed with anger the first time tosti critiqued his methods for swinging a punch , but he swallowed his pride and found that when he allowed tosti to help him , he did in fact improve . 
 never in his advice to canute did tosti suggest a tactic so strange as the one he had used to win their match . 
 a long silence hung over them as they walked , and the sun 's waning light surprised canute , for he felt as if the day had passed in a matter of hours . 
 for the most part he felt more peaceful and fulfilled than he had for a long time , and it calmed him the way he and tosti never struggled to stay in stride with each other , but walked together with a synchronized rhythm . 
 at long last , however , tosti broke the silence . 
 `` so tell me about the birds . '' 
 canute sighed . 
 he could not go back on his word now . 
 `` when i was born , a runewoman saw a raven perch on the roof of our lodge . 
 the raven stayed there until the moment i came out of my mother 's womb and started crying . 
 then ... it flew away . '' 
 he grew quiet again . 
 `` so ? '' 
 tosti pressed . 
 `` so ... my mother took it as a sign that i was chosen by odin to become very powerful , even more powerful than my brother harald . 
 father , however ... '' he stopped walking , grimacing as if his knee was in pain and this was reason enough to catch some respite . 
 he went over to a tree and leaned against it , the bark massaging the bare skin of his back . 
 tosti propped his elbow against the trunk and stared at him expectantly . 
 `` sweyn believes in jesus now , '' the other offered . 
 canute made a noncommittal grunt . 
 his father claimed to be a christian , but canute wondered if he only acted as one for political convenience . 
 `` he said that if the raven was truly odin , then odin chose to abandon me . '' 
 `` and what do you think ? '' 
 canute turned away , feeling his stomach churn within him . 
 tosti 's granite-like gaze suddenly seemed hard to endure . 
 `` i think it means nothing . '' 
 `` then why do you keep looking at the sky ? '' 
 `` because ... '' his chest ached as he took a deep breath . 
 `` that is the strangest part . 
 i 've never seen a raven in my life . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 the surprise in tosti 's voice stung . 
 canute scowled at him . 
 `` from a very far distance , perhaps . 
 but never close by . 
 it is as if they are always flying away from me . '' 
 tosti was quiet a moment , then he chuckled softly . 
 once he started chuckling , something seemed to release within him , and he burst out laughing . 
 canute watched him with a curious expression . 
 `` do you find the gods amusing ? '' 
 `` sure , '' he said gleefully . 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 the viking prince considered a moment . 
 `` i think the gods are very real . 
 and i think they are no laughing matter . '' 
 at last , tosti stopped laughing . 
 `` so you 're not christian ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure yet . 
 the christian god seems real to me , as well . '' 
 he looked up at the sky , its hues shifting to red with the setting sun . 
 `` it seems to me that all the gods are fighting now , and jehova will be the victor . '' 
 tosti 's face held a strange expression , torn between grimness and the lingering urge to laugh . 
 canute turned to face him , and stared at him long and hard . 
 `` the strongest god will be my god . 
 it is as simple as that . '' 
 the look on tosti 's face changed again , this time into something completely new . 
 his eyes darted from one section of canute 's face to the next , restless , searching . 
 he leaned closer . 
 canute pushed himself from the tree and stepped forward . 
 tosti glided back slightly , swaying in his usual graceful way , dancing with a moment of hesitation . 
 then he grew very still . 
 canute moved closer , holding tosti 's eyes with his own . 
 tosti breathed quickly , his chest rising and falling rapidly with the strain , his thick lips parting . 
 canute reached out and put his hand against tosti 's chest , pressing until he felt the racing beat of tosti 's heart against his palm . 
 tosti trembled , and canute feared that he might flee . 
 he slid his hand up , around tosti 's neck , and gripped it tightly . 
 then he pulled tosti close and kissed him . 
 at first tosti went completely still , his body so stiff it seemed that all the water within him had frozen to ice . 
 but canute only pulled him closer , gripping him until he melted . 
 tosti 's arms folded around canute , his braids tickling canute 's chest , his thigh sliding along canute 's . 
 their hips locked , only for a moment ; then tosti jumped away again . 
 canute felt dizzy , his breath gone as if tosti had taken it with him . 
 his eyes swam , his hands searched , but tosti only drew further away . 
 `` hey ... hey ! '' 
 tosti turned and ran . 
 `` tosti ! '' 
 the young jomsviking only ran faster . 
 canute fell back , his raw shoulder colliding with the tree and knocking the breath back into his body . 
 a tremor wracked him , and he yelled with rage . 
 he remained there a long while , and did not move again until the sun had nearly fallen . 
 * the next day , everyone treated him strangely . 
 at first , he thought he might be imagining it . 
 he felt different , first of all . 
 when he woke up , he was light on his feet , his frown lifted , his eyes bright . 
 the memories of his kiss with tosti were fresh in his mind , and the taint of tosti 's sudden departure seemed to have vanished overnight . 
 tosti had simply been overwhelmed and confused . 
 if he had treated the incident casually , it would have given the event less meaning . 
 no : his running away had been a good thing , and given them both a chance to absorb what happened . 
 he knew that tosti enjoyed it as much as he had . 
 that had been clear enough when their hips brushed . 
 but during the day meal , when he went to find tosti in the main hall , a strange thing occurred . 
 tosti ignored him . 
 while canute approached , tosti sat with a group of boys , laughing and snickering to one another . 
 canute wondered what the joke might be , and hoped for once he might find out and laugh along with them . 
 but as soon as he stopped to take his seat , everyone grew quiet , and no one moved over for him . 
 canute looked to tosti for an answer , but tosti would not return his glance . 
 in fact , no one would look at him at all . 
 `` tosti ? '' 
 he said . 
 his voice sounded strained and cracked in his own ears , and he forced a swallow down his throat . 
 tosti 's eyes darted to canute 's , only for a second , then his face flushed and he looked away again . 
 `` no room here , canute . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 canute gritted his teeth , but chose to quell his anger . 
 tosti felt uncomfortable , and that was understandable enough . 
 `` this is n't my place among you , anyway , '' he recovered . 
 but as he turned and walked away , he heard the boys behind him laughing again . 
 he paused and considered turning to face them , but decided against it , gripping his plate fiercely and continuing to his habitual spot on the bench . 
 his normal coterie sat in its usual place . 
 their eyes flicked to him , then back to their plates . 
 soon no one was looking at him at all . 
 canute lingered on his feet , struggling not to fume . 
 once again , he wondered if he imagined the strangeness of their behavior . 
 normally at a meal , he got his food , sat down , and ate without paying much attention to anyone . 
 he would simply listen in on their conversations , interrupt when he had something to say , and answer any raised questions . 
 perhaps he was the one acting strangely . 
 instinctively this possibility disturbed him , but he chose instead to embrace it . 
 `` good morning everyone , '' he said . 
 they all shifted uncertainly in their seats . 
 a few muttered `` good morning '' back to him . 
 then an even heavier silence resumed . 
 refusing to be perturbed , canute sat down and fell onto his meal with a smile . 
 a long while passed and he got lost in his thoughts , nearly forgetting the looming presence of his comrades . 
 but eventually one dared address him . 
 `` canute . 
 psst . 
 hey . '' 
 snapped out of his reverie , canute responded with a glare , then tried to soften his own expression . 
 `` yes , what is it ? '' 
 `` i asked if you had a good time yesterday with tosti . '' 
 `` yes . 
 `` canute studied the faces around him , which were suddenly much too attentive . 
 he pulled off some fish meat with his teeth and chewed roughly . 
 `` yes i did . '' 
 the men exchanged glances with one another . 
 some seemed to be repressing smirks . 
 `` is there something else you 'd like to ask ? '' 
 canute spat out a splintered bone . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 the young man took a moment to gather up his courage , while the other aspiring jomsvikings encouraged him with their eager stares . 
 `` who 's the girl ? 
 you or him ? '' 
 canute froze . 
 laughter roared around him , but not so loudly as the blood in his ears . 
 he had n't expected this , and he did not like it at all . 
 the first problem was how everyone knew in the first place . 
 they would only know if tosti had told them himself . 
 and why would he do that ? 
 canute doubted it would be due to pride , based on the behavior he 'd already exhibited . 
 the second problem was that everyone did know , and if word got around , sweyn or thorkell -- or both -- would be very displeased . 
 sweyn would consider it sinful . 
 the christian god did not allow men to be with other men . 
 thorkell simply ... would n't like it . 
 but there was yet a third problem , and that was the response of these men to the rumor . 
 some jomsvikings took pride in taking other men . 
 others found it womanly . 
 but these men clearly found the rumors laughably embarrassing , and even worse , they 'd grown cocky enough to flaunt such feelings in front of him . 
 the laughter grew louder , and canute struggled to contain his temper . 
 thorkell always told him to keep a cool head . 
 the longer thorkell was away , the more difficult that practice became . 
 but he endured , and in fact he lowered his voice , so that when he spoke everyone grew quiet in order to hear him . 
 `` i 'll buy you a dress , '' he whispered , `` and show you . '' 
 the insubordinate dane gaped and flushed . 
 some of the men guffawed ; a few chuckled uncertainly . 
 but the others only looked upset . 
 canute stuffed the last of his food down his mouth , though he had lost his appetite , and left as quickly as he could . 
 he tried to shake the strange morning from his memory , but throughout the day , similar circumstances pestered him . 
 after the meal he supervised a group of jomsvikings in their practice of battle advances , and though they continued to obey his instruction , they seemed to take longer than usual , and a gleam of rebellion pervaded their eyes . 
 as soon as he could , canute sought out tosti again . 
 he needed to confront tosti about how the men treated him today , but also ... he simply wanted to see him again , and preferably alone . 
 he could not find tosti anywhere . 
 he looked until he had no choice but to start asking around , ignoring the knowing smirks on his inferiors ' faces as well as he could . 
 `` he went hunting with a few others , '' someone told him at last . 
 canute felt both disappointed and angry , as if tosti avoided him on purpose . 
 and perhaps he did . 
 by the time the day was over and everyone regrouped in the main hall for the night meal , canute 's mood had spoiled completely . 
 a simmering temper , even more foul than usual , had replaced the good spirits he woke up with . 
 his head ached from clenching his teeth and chewing violently on his food ; he became glad that no one would talk to him , for he felt that one more sly word would send him toppling over the edge . 
 then tosti returned . 
 he did not sit down to eat , even though he entered the hall with a group of his friends , who did . 
 instead he caught canute 's eye from afar and cocked his head towards the exit . 
 canute , who was already half-standing , threw down his scraps and followed him out . 
 somewhere in the back of his mind , he knew that almost the entire hall was watching him . 
 none of that seemed to matter so much as seeing tosti again . 
 outside he slid to a stop , looking every which way for the hasty fellow . 
 he saw a trail in the grass and hurled himself around the corner , hands curling into angry fists before he caught sight of his prey . 
 `` canute , listen -- '' canute grabbed his shoulders and thrust him against the wooden planks of the hall . 
 he would n't let tosti run away this time . 
 tosti grunted but lifted his hands in surrender . 
 `` what did you tell them ? '' 
 cried canute , sounding more hurt than angry , which was not what he 'd intended . 
 `` i told them ... what happened . '' 
 a tremble weakened canute 's grasp . 
 his gaze drew to tosti 's plump lips , even though he should have been looking tosti in the eye , measuring his sincerity . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` do n't know . 
 i wanted to hear what they ... thought of it , i guess . '' 
 canute 's hands slipped from tosti 's shoulders , his grip becoming a light caress . 
 he stepped closer , as if to entrap tosti with his own body . 
 his voice lowered further . 
 `` all that matters is that they respect you . 
 beyond that , you should n't care what they think . '' 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 canute wanted to say `` of course not . '' 
 he wanted to scoff and kiss tosti again , to embrace him , to press against him completely . 
 instead , he felt the presence of the jomsvikings nearby like the heat of a fire . 
 he turned his head slightly , and stiffened at the sight of dozens of them , lingering near the exit of the main hall and shamelessly watching the two men together . 
 involuntarily , canute drew away . 
 and as soon as he did , he flushed with shame . 
 he had just demonstrated the truth to tosti , without ever saying a word . 
 when he looked to tosti again , however , he found the young jomsviking 's face soft with empathy . 
 `` canute . '' 
 he grabbed canute 's shoulder with a firm hand . 
 `` i want to show you something . '' 
 `` show me what ? '' 
 `` something ... something that made me feel better . 
 see ... i was a christian , yesterday . 
 i did n't want to do something forbidden . 
 but i found something today ... a sign from our gods . '' 
 canute frowned . 
 he did not care for surprises . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 the viking prince looked uncertainly at their growing crowd . 
 `` let them see , too , '' said tosti . 
 `` you will be glad they did . '' 
 this made him even more uneasy ; but tosti reached out and clutched his hand , squeezing it gently where few could see , and this gave canute the strength to respond . 
 `` very well . '' 
 tosti grinned , his wiliness returning as his hand slipped away again , and then he dashed into the dimming light . 
 `` this way ! '' 
 struggling not to look too eager , canute made after him . 
 and behind him , several dozen jomsvikings followed after . 
 tosti led him away past several shacks , through various sparring and weaponry arenas , until they approached one of the primary living lodges , in which most the men slept . 
 canute hesitated . 
 `` what in valhalla would be here ? '' 
 tosti only paused at the entrance to wave inward . 
 `` come and see ! '' 
 `` do n't be stupid , '' he growled , though tosti had already disappeared within the lodge . 
 he realized he spoke to no one but himself . 
 once again he sensed the large crowd behind him like a cliff 's edge ; one step back and he would fall into the abyss . 
 `` too late now , '' he muttered . 
 he followed tosti into the darkness of the lodge . 
 the building smelled of sweat and dirty blankets , as it usually did . 
 his lips curled and he kept moving . 
 he thought that if tosti was given the choice , surely he would want to stay in more comfortable quarters , like canute 's . 
 fortunately , the lodge was mostly vacant of bodies right now -- at least until canute and his followers arrived . 
 tosti knelt down by what must have been his own bed and rummaged through a pile of belongings next to it . 
 canute struggled to repress his trembling . 
 what on earth did tosti have to show him ? 
 for some reason , canute dreaded finding out . 
 `` here ! '' 
 cried tosti , and held up a sack . 
 only a small object seemed to occupy the sack -- but that small object was moving . 
 tosti grinned from ear to ear as the bag swayed in his hand . 
 `` close the doors ! '' 
 he called . 
 someone obeyed , trapping them all as witnesses to whatever was about to occur . 
 when tosti opened the sack and the black bird flew out , canute did not feel surprised . 
 he did not feel much of anything . 
 there , captured and released for canute 's own sake , was a raven . 
 his breath fled his body and left him standing , transfixed , watching the dark wings flap . 
 the raven 's reach extended further than he had imagined ; it seemed a tremendous creature , almost monstrous , within the confines of the lodge . 
 it cast a sharp silhouette against the waning sunlight , trickling weakly through the cracks of the walls , slicing at the brightness like so many knives . 
 but the sound emitted suddenly from its gullet was the most awesome , and terrifying , feature of all . 
 no one else in the room dared make a noise , anyway ; but even if they had all raised their voices at once , the caws of the raven would have cut through the sound . 
 it shrieked with the agony of a magnificent creature contained for a day within a woolen sack ; it screamed with the rage of its injured pride ; but most of all , it cried out with the despair of a dying soul . 
 its caws grew louder and louder , shriller and more piercing , until it released the power of its wings in a sudden burst . 
 it sped through the air like a dark streak of lightning , propelled towards the largest beam of light from the wall . 
 but the raven struck the wood , its cry stopped sickeningly short . 
 the beast bounced back , drooped , and plummeted to the floor . 
 thud . 
 no one moved for a long while . 
 no one said a word . 
 canute delayed inhaling for breath until his head swam with dizziness . 
 meanwhile his eyes remained locked on the black , unmoving shape on the floor , like a blot in his vision blinding him to everything else . 
 sensation returned to his limbs first , trembling ; then stretched to his fingertips , curling ; then came rushing out of his throat . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he cried . 
 he rushed to the crippled creature before he even became aware of what he was doing ; he pushed gawking men aside in order to make his way to the beast . 
 he swooped down to its side and reached out , hands shaking , to grab it . 
 he gasped as it jerked against his palm in response . 
 he stood with the bird clutched to his chest . 
 he turned to everyone and grinned desperately at them . 
 `` no , look -- it 's still alive . 
 see ! '' 
 he held out the raven 's body , which after a long while , twitched again . 
 this time the spasm was so violent the creature slipped from his hands and back to the floor , where it continued to thrash about in the throes of death . 
 as canute gaped down at it , the world seemed to spin . 
 tears filled his eyes and blurred his twirling surroundings yet more . 
 he did not merely look upon a dying bird . 
 he looked upon a dying god . 
 he looked upon a dying god ! 
 then he heard everyone laughing . 
 at first the sound filled him with confusion . 
 why would anyone dare laugh at an omen like this ? 
 he glanced desperately from each of their faces to the next . 
 then he realized they were not laughing at the raven . 
 they were laughing at him . 
 `` oh no , look out , it 's odin ! '' 
 someone called . 
 `` guess he could n't stand being in the same room as canute ! '' 
 `` no , no , look ! '' 
 everyone turned to look at this speaker , who sounded quite serious . 
 but then his voice changed to mimic canute 's . 
 `` i think it 's still alive ! '' 
 a new howl of laughter , even louder than before , rang over the congregation . 
 canute breathed so hard now that he might have opened his mouth , if not for his clenching jaws . 
 so they knew about the raven , too . 
 tosti had not only told them about their physical connection ; he had shared one of canute 's most intimate secrets . 
 there were reasons why his father had not made the runewoman 's sighting common knowledge . 
 it was incriminating . 
 and for the truth to come out like this , with a raven twitching to death at canute 's feet after a desperate attempt to escape ... . 
 it was more humiliating than anything he could have imagined . 
 canute unsheathed the knife at his belt . 
 he hesitated only long enough to regain everyone 's attention . 
 then he knelt down and plunged his dirk into the raven 's chest . 
 the bird gave one last spasm , then went very still . 
 canute pulled out the blade . 
 the wound he left behind was not so much a fountain of blood as a damp indentation . 
 but the edges of his dirk gleamed red with the liquid , and he found this to his satisfaction as he stood again , holding the blade aloft . 
 he looked past its tip at tosti , who stood petrified with horror . 
 canute did not feel any sort of expression on his face , but the look in his eyes must have been terrifying enough , for tosti trembled . 
 `` canute ... '' he gasped . 
 `` i did n't mean for any of that to happen . 
 i thought ... i thought it would be a good thing . 
 i wanted ... '' canute did not want to hear him speak another word . 
 the sound of tosti 's voice brought too much pain . 
 and his own inclination to respond revealed that he could not trust his feelings . 
 he pulled back the knife , then flung it . 
 tosti 's fast reflexes saved him . 
 canute rarely missed a target . 
 he had better than normal vision , and his hands grew steady when aiming , no matter his circumstance . 
 his blade would have pierced tosti through the eye . 
 but tosti darted out of the way ; he ducked , swerved , and then ran away . 
 he was almost gone by the time the knife plunged into the far wall and stuck there . 
 despite his exceptional eyesight , canute 's vision blurred again , and he blinked rapidly to push back a film of thickening moisture . 
 his calm composure wavered . 
 he felt the weight of all the jomsvikings ' eyes upon him , and thought that if he stood there too long , he would buckle underneath it . 
 `` you fools , '' he said . 
 `` there is no odin . 
 not anymore . 
 it should be as clear to you as it now is to me . 
 the one god is so powerful , there is no room for another . '' 
 nor was there allowance for the relationship he had nearly had with tosti , he recalled . 
 he took a deep , shuddering breath . 
 `` and so ... he is my god now . 
 if any of you feel differently , i welcome you to worship this miserable corpse . '' 
 he kicked the dead raven towards them , and everyone scattered from it . 
 canute already had the men 's respect again , he realized ; their expressions changed , their interpretations of the night 's events morphed into something new . 
 canute turned a defeat into victory . 
 thorkell would be proud . 
 such transitions came easily to canute , and he sensed they would be even easier now , with the one true god on his side . 
 but he could not bring himself to smile as he turned and walked away , leaving them all in silence . 
 ** 9 the ninth lost tale of mercia : runa the wife -lrb- back to table of contents -rrb- * jom 1001-1006 a.d. . 
 she awoke in his heavy arms , and at first she panicked . 
 the memories of the night before came back to her in shattered pieces . 
 he chased her through the woods . 
 she jumped on him from a tree and they fell in a breathless tangle . 
 the underbrush scraped her back . 
 his wiry beard tickled her stomach . 
 they laughed , they groaned ... they grew silent . 
 now his breath roared and faded behind her , up and down the back of her neck , steady as an ocean current . 
 she looked down at his large hands , still clasped around her stomach . 
 he was the most magnificent man she had ever met . 
 thorkell the tall ... they did not call him so without reason . 
 her small fingers traced the thick , golden hair of his arms . 
 he had returned to jom with the rest of his army , victorious over olaf tryggvason . 
 he had proved himself a mightier jomsviking than his own brother , jarl sigvaldi , chief of jomsborg . 
 he could have had any woman he wanted , willing or otherwise . 
 but she had not even given him a chance to choose . 
 she wanted him for herself , so she lured him into the woods and she took him . 
 now what ? 
 now she was done with him . 
 she took hold of his hand and slid it like sand from her body . 
 he sighed and shifted , but otherwise showed no signs of waking . 
 the rumble of his breath almost made her want to fall back against him and drift into his dreams , but she resisted . 
 she slipped gracefully from his relaxed grip and into the free air . 
 she draped her dress over her skin , a light gray garment that looked blue in vivid sunshine and left very few lines of her body to the imagination . 
 she left her hair loose and ruffled , a swirling and tangled mass of pale yellow strands , as wild and free as her own spirit . 
 then she tip-toed away . 
 only once did she glance back at thorkell , his partially-clothed body draped across the forest bed . 
 his skin looked coarse where the shadows fell upon it , but seemed to gleam as smoothly as gold in the sunshine . 
 the muscles of his torso were a sight to behold , bulging and tightening with the slightest motion , yet softening into a gentle ripple of his strength when he relaxed . 
 she had observed this phenomenon many times the night before . 
 leaving him now would be an unfortunate loss . 
 but that loss was little compared to her freedom . 
 with a sad smile , she turned and hurried away . 
 * close to the shore , she sat facing north and cast the runestones into the soft earth . 
 she watched the shapes roll and settle , their stony surfaces gathering a film of soft yellow dust . 
 then she studied the lines and drew her own conclusion from them . 
 she did not believe the stones had any magical power . 
 she imagined that the gods perhaps nudged them one direction or another , with their knowing winds and earthly pull , but she cared little for the source of their design . 
 no matter why they fell a certain way , the runes always spoke to her . 
 runa would always find a reflection of herself in the words and ideas they conjured . 
 often , her own interpretation of the runestones ' casting would reveal more about her inner hopes and fears than any other form of insight . 
 what she saw troubled her , so she closed her eyes and listened to the distant whisper of the ocean . 
 she breathed deeply of its salty breeze . 
 her mind swam to the rhythm of the far-off crashing waves . 
 she saw two different fortunes in her mind , but she did not understand how they could both be true , when in fact they strongly opposed each other . 
 two futures lay ahead of her , forged by her own decisions and willpower . 
 in one future she lived a settled life , in a single home , with a man who loved her and a community that supported her . 
 she left the wildness of the fields and forests for the stability of a town and market . 
 in her second future she traveled far , far away , further than she had ever imagined traveling , over the roiling ocean to some distant shore . 
 she began a new life , doing whatever she willed , controlled by no group of people , inhibited by no man . 
 she took what she wanted and left the rest to burn . 
 she was a viking . 
 she shuddered and opened her eyes again , steadying them on the knife-like edge of the horizon . 
 both futures excited and frightened her . 
 she wanted both . 
 she wanted neither . 
 and so she would not worry about them , she decided . 
 she collected the runestones and returned them to her pouch . 
 she stood and brushed the twigs from her dress . 
 as she glanced at the ocean she thought of thorkell the tall , sailing the vast seas with his viking army , gathering gold and reducing his enemies to puddles of fear . 
 bumps lifted along her arms , making her sensitive to every slight brush of the wind . 
 she trembled and shoved him from her mind once more . 
 she slipped back into the woods , to the cave in which she lived alone , to the safe abode in which no one supported her , nor constricted her . 
 * runa waited for the winter to break . 
 she waited and waited . 
 she ate the last of her stores . 
 she ravaged the last pieces of food from the cold earth . 
 but she could not do enough to support herself . 
 her body rejected her . 
 she rejected it . 
 she ate strange flowers and herbs , even though she knew they would make her sick . 
 she and the baby would not last another fortnight unless she sought help . 
 by the time she walked to the fortress of jomsborg , her dress hung in ripped tatters . 
 bruises and scrapes covered her skin . 
 her elbows were sharp enough to rival a pair of spear-tips . 
 she was thinner than she had ever been in her life -- except for her belly , protruding from her body like some sprite-infested mass . 
 between her legs , blood trickled out and caked on her thighs . 
 she did n't even know when the bleeding had begun . 
 the guards of the land-gate stared at her with a mixture of disgust and fascination . 
 `` i 'm here ... for thorkell the tall , '' she said . 
 `` er ... no women in jomsborg , '' said one . 
 `` then i 'll sit right here and wait for him to come out , '' she said . 
 once she sat she fell asleep , and her mind became lost in the evening 's cold embrace . 
 she awoke in a peasant 's lodge and smelled food . 
 her stomach flipped within her . 
 the sensation felt strange ... like her body had changed shape . 
 she touched the swollen lump of her belly and groaned . 
 the ceiling flickered above her with the orange light of the fire . 
 shadows flitted over her vision and made her head ache . 
 `` drink this . '' 
 a woman 's hand touched her clammy forehead . 
 she poured cool water down runa 's throat . 
 runa struggled not to gag . 
 `` it 's killing me , '' she rasped , her fingernails digging into her own stomach . 
 `` no , '' said the woman . 
 `` i think you 're killing it . '' 
 this seemed inexplicably true . 
 runa 's dizzied gaze fell on a large man standing in the corner . 
 she recognized the towering frame and soft gray eyes of thorkell the tall . 
 she tried to smile at him . 
 her pain overcame her and swept her away . 
 her body writhed and jerked in the clutches of agony , battling itself , struggling to expel the fetus like a poison from her body . 
 she became lost in the struggle and thought of nothing else . 
 she roared a battle cry . 
 her muscles ached and stiffened , as if they became rods of ice cold steel twisting within her . 
 her vessels throbbed . 
 her loins heaved . 
 the blood flowed . 
 by morning she expunged the baby 's small , dead body from her womb . 
 she heard thorkell 's heavy breath next to her . 
 it heaved less steadily than she recalled . 
 his hands enveloped hers , coarse but comforting . 
 she looked to him , her lids heavy , but her gaze bright . 
 she saw tears on his cheeks . 
 she wanted to reach out and touch one , but she felt too weak . 
 he met her stare and jerked with a sob . 
 it was strange to see the giant cry . 
 `` it ... was a girl . '' 
 `` it was nothing , '' said runa . 
 `` a lifeless piece of flesh . '' 
 he did not have a naturally expressive face , but his eyes crinkled and his lips twisted with despair , shifting his yellow beard . 
 her heart lurched , giving her the strength to squeeze his hand . 
 water stung her own eyes , and it was an unfamiliar feeling . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 she thought of the plants she had eaten , knowing they would weaken her body . 
 `` i did n't want it . '' 
 he squeezed back against her fingers , a gesture that sent pain up her arm , but she ignored it . 
 `` why not ? 
 why did you go away ? '' 
 she did n't respond at first , only stared at him , not judging , only observing . 
 had he really missed her all this time ? 
 she thought he would have forgotten her , written off their night together as a meaningless jaunt through the trees , and yet she could she see in his eyes that he had searched for her , longed for her . 
 and she had longed for him as well , though she had tried to ignore the feelings as trivial lust , when in truth they ran deeper . 
 the warrior had raided helpless villages , slaughtered innocent people , and taken what did not belong to him . 
 but somehow , he did not frighten her . 
 he was a jomsviking . 
 it was his job . 
 as for the rest ... she trusted him completely . 
 `` i do n't know why , '' she said at last . 
 `` but maybe i 'll stay this time . '' 
 * at first she did not stay by choice . 
 she remained sick . 
 two well-off peasants of jom took care of her on thorkell 's command . 
 with rest , and food , and thorkell 's kind attentions , she felt well again by the time winter lifted and the morning dew ceased to frost . 
 by then she was restless , and ready to leave . 
 she longed to return to her forest home , no longer burdened by the energy-sucking weight in her body . 
 as she walked from the hut one morning , ready to leave and never come back , her knees buckled underneath her . 
 she fell into the wet grass and wept . 
 thorkell came to see her that evening . 
 the smell of fish and butter filled the peasants ' lodge as they prepared the night meal . 
 thorkell and runa huddled in the corner , far away from the quiet couple who had been caring for her . 
 `` i want to leave , '' said runa . 
 she glanced at her hosts again , and they glared back . 
 they were more than ready for her to leave , as well . 
 thorkell nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 i have found a place for you . '' 
 she reached out and ran her fingers over the gold and silver rings encircling his wrists and arms , reminding herself of how rich he was . 
 `` what sort of place ? '' 
 `` a home . 
 where i can visit you . '' 
 her hand fell away from him . 
 `` and if i did n't want you to ? '' 
 his face went so still she could hardly read it at all , only speculate . 
 she had come to see that he could hide his emotions completely , if he wanted . 
 but she knew they were in there somewhere . 
 his ability to do this infuriated her , and she suspected he knew it . 
 she growled . 
 `` thorkell . 
 i do n't understand what you 're giving me . '' 
 `` i think you do . '' 
 she pitied their eavesdroppers on the other side of the room , who no doubt heard the reverberating grumble of his voice , but probably could not understand the conversation . 
 neither , however , could she . 
 her eyes searched his desperately for clarification , but she could not find it . 
 `` thorkell ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` i would not be your bed-slave ! '' 
 without a doubt , their listeners understood her words . 
 runa hoped she would embarrass them enough to go away . 
 but they were too stubborn to leave their own home . 
 thorkell , however , achieved her desire by simply twisting his head and staring at them . 
 the inhabitants seemed to understand immediately ; they wiped their hands of fish and walked outside . 
 `` not a slave , '' he said in their absence . 
 `` a wife , in the eyes of frigga . '' 
 she shrank back against the wall . 
 the smell of fish guts seemed to grow too strong very suddenly and nauseate her . 
 this was far too much , far too quickly . 
 `` but ... but ... i have nothing to offer you . 
 not even ... '' she did not want to admit it . 
 whether he guessed it or not , she had no idea . 
 but she did not want to give him confirmation of the truth : that she had no family . 
 then she understood that despite his great status -- or perhaps because of it -- this mattered little to him . 
 he had nothing to lose by taking a wife of low status . 
 he could marry again , and again . 
 he could have as many wives as he wanted . 
 she would be nothing more than a possession to him , whether he called her a wife or a concubine . 
 from her perspective , the two seemed very much alike . 
 sweat beaded along her brow . 
 her heart palpitated against her ribs . 
 her head spun . 
 `` no , '' she gasped at last . 
 `` i wo n't do it . '' 
 she got up to go . 
 he caught her arm , and perhaps he tried to be gentle , but his grip lurched her to a halt . 
 `` live there for a month , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll leave you alone . 
 then you decide . '' 
 the simple kindness of his request melted her resolve . 
 pulling against him , her eyes drawn away as if to her thorny home in the woods , she marveled at the choices in front of her , and cursed herself for nearly making the wrong one . 
 a jomsviking chief wanted her as his wife . 
 she practically killed his child , and yet he had nursed her back to health . 
 so far he had not requested a single thing from her -- only given . 
 she leaned into his strength , sweeping herself towards him . 
 she wrapped her arms around him , then her legs . 
 he held her against him effortlessly , as if she was a part of his own body . 
 she breathed with him , their breath flowing back and forth long before their lips touched . 
 he carried her down to the floor , then pinned her there . 
 she could not have escaped if she wanted to -- but she did not want to . 
 she laughed , thinking of the poor peasants outside the door , and pulled him closer . 
 * her new lodge was a wonder to her , and very much to her liking . 
 thorkell kept his promise to her and did not visit her for a month . 
 instead , she visited him . 
 she was not supposed to , of course -- `` no women in jomsborg . '' 
 and yet she delighted in breaking the rules . 
 she prided herself in the fact that she was quiet and agile enough to slip past the legendary jomsvikings . 
 once , thorkell said to her , `` perhaps you should be a viking , too , '' and he laughed , a pleasant sound that shook the bedframe . 
 but his chuckles faded quickly when he realized she was not laughing with him . 
 she did not need to work much , for thorkell provided more than enough . 
 but she engaged in various tasks for her own pleasure and satisfaction . 
 she tried to mingle with other women in the village , sometimes helping them churn butter or dye a piece of fabric . 
 she quickly learned that she could not make friends , even if she wanted to . 
 most of the women regarded her with suspicion and distrust , especially once they learned she had spent most of her life in the woods . 
 and even when some of them grew interested in her , going out of their way to be kind , runa found herself lashing out at them , stirring up trouble against her own intentions . 
 when she could no longer endure the frustrations of such acquaintances , she wandered into the woods . 
 as she did not need to spend much time hunting for food , she began work on a new creation , one she had visualized for a long time but never had the means to produce . 
 she decided that this would be her gift to thorkell on their wedding day . 
 normally , a wife would give the groom a sword that had been passed down her family . 
 but she had no family , let alone an heirloom . 
 the time eventually came for her wedding , at which point the support of the community surprised her . 
 thorkell had assured her that it did not need to become a large event , and yet everyone seemed to know about it . 
 in the morning a group of wives from the town led her to the bath-house , where they scrubbed her with soap , and sprinkled water over hot stones to fill the room with steam . 
 once runa was both sweating and sopping , they led her into a cold pool to douse herself , and she cried out with delight . 
 she put on a dress embroidered with golden thread , and she wore a crown on her head beset with crystals and flowers . 
 she had never felt so extravagant in her life . 
 when she saw thorkell waiting for her on a soft loping hill , she found herself blushing . 
 she had never felt so honored -- and yet so incredibly vulnerable -- ever before . 
 she tried not to discourage herself with the fact that very little of his own family or great following had come out to witness their union . 
 to them , this wedding did not matter . 
 they gained nothing from it . 
 and yet at least a few warriors did leave the fortress to represent him , and she knew from the way they all joked and teased each other that they were among his dearest of friends . 
 they were the ones who cared about thorkell 's well-being , so perhaps it was best this way . 
 they sacrificed a goat for thor , and the priestess dipped her hand in the bowl of its blood and flung it upon the congregation . 
 then they exchanged gifts . 
 thorkell gave her a sword , and when she took it in her hands , the weight of it spread like a shock through her body . 
 she knew it was meant for their son one day . 
 she did not want it for a son . 
 she wanted it for herself . 
 but she ignored this , and continued with her role . 
 she could hardly wait to give him her creation . 
 when she presented it , everyone in the field grew quiet , so that nothing could be heard but the rustling wind . 
 for a moment , thorkell only stared at it , his gray eyes wider than usual . 
 runa ran her hands longingly over the wood . 
 `` it is a bow , '' she said . 
 `` the best bow you will ever use . 
 look ... you can even set the string , so it can be shot at a whim . '' 
 she was speaking too quickly due to nervousness , and she bit her lips shut . 
 thorkell recovered from his surprise and took it , balancing it uncertainly in his grasp . 
 `` thank you , '' he said at last , and the ceremony continued . 
 for the most part , the rituals meant little to her , and she carried through them easily . 
 when it came time to say her vow , something changed within her . 
 a terrible fear washed away all the warm feelings of joy and pride that had thus far collected , replacing them with a gut-piercing panic . 
 suddenly she wanted to bolt away , away from all these staring eyes , away from thorkell . 
 but he must have sensed her urge , and he reached out and clutched her arm . 
 no doubt his touch appeared casual , based on the effort he put into it , but his constraint was absolute . 
 in a sense she was grateful , and knew he was right : she had had her chance to change her mind , and she had not taken it . 
 and so she professed her devotion . 
 nothing went wrong until time for the wedding feast . 
 at this point the men and women split into separate groups and raced to the feasting hall . 
 it was a competition filled with laughter and shouts of joy . 
 thorkell and his jomsviking friends ran further and faster than most of the women . 
 but the mood began to change when runa pulled ahead of all of them . 
 her crown flew from her hair and she did not pause to retrieve it . 
 she pulled up her skirts to free her legs . 
 she sped over the fields , and when the hall 's threshold appeared before her , she did not slow down -- she only raced faster . 
 she had heard that the groom was supposed to bar her way with a sword and lead her inside , as a sign of his guardianship . 
 instead , she made to race through the door on her own . 
 then she stumbled over the lip of the doorway . 
 the crowd behind her fell deathly silent , but for their panting breaths , which turned into gasps and sighs of dismay . 
 the wife 's entry to the hallway signified her transition to the life of her wife-hood . 
 the way runa had stumbled indicated the interference of evil spirits ; her union with thorkell would be full of conflict and hardship . 
 thorkell appeared next to her , reaching to help her to her feet . 
 she flung herself away from him and hurried inside . 
 she heard the grumble of thorkell 's voice , and words which were something like , `` i guess i 'll serve the ale , then , '' and people began to laugh nervously . 
 but she trembled with rage and frustration . 
 why had she been so careless ? 
 why had she ruined everything that seemed to be going well , as she so often did ? 
 she did not understand herself . 
 it was almost as if she did not want to be happy . 
 perhaps it had not been her fault , she thought with trepidation . 
 perhaps her marriage with thorkell truly was doomed . 
 * their first year together was one of happiness . 
 she cooked and mended his clothes for him . 
 sometimes , even though she did not need to , she hunted for them with the great bow she had created . 
 often she played games with him -- or at least , he thought of them as games at first -- in which he would teach her some of his fighting skills . 
 at first he would tease and trifle with her , seeing such an activity as little more than foreplay . 
 but he began to see that she progressed steadily from one skirmish to the next , and their games became something more like training sessions . 
 thorkell enjoyed training her , because it was a form of practice for him , as well ; soon he would receive king sweyn forkbeard 's own son , canute , to train and foster like his own . 
 runa even made friends with another woman in town named halla . 
 halla was an old runeswoman , full of strange tales and mythical knowledge . 
 she taught runa the names of many of the flowers and herbs she had long gathered in the forest and showed her new uses for them . 
 she also demonstrated new ways of reading the runestones . 
 during one such lesson , halla stopped suddenly , looking deep into the criss-crossing patterns before her . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 asked runa . 
 `` there is evil in your past , '' said halla in her dry , scratchy voice . 
 `` you ran away from it , but it lingers within you . '' 
 runa 's heart thudded in her throat . 
 she reached down and tossed the stones with a sweep of her hand . 
 `` a vague reading , '' she snapped , somewhat breathless . 
 `` you could say that of anyone ! '' 
 `` perhaps , '' said halla . 
 `` but you ... '' runa glared at her until the old lady grew silent . 
 soothsayer or not , she could see that the subject should be dropped . 
 and because she did , she remained runa 's friend , and their meetings continued peacefully so long as halla did not broach the topic . 
 when halla ran out of herbs and recipes to teach her , she began to teach runa english , for the woman knew the language well . 
 at first she did not know why runa would ever wish to learn it , and runa did not have a good answer . 
 but her lessons continued , nonetheless . 
 every time runa began to tire of thorkell and the monotony of her life with him , he would leave for some sort of battle or voyage . 
 in his absence she would long for his kind words , his playful roughhousing , and his surprisingly gentle embrace . 
 when he returned she would throw herself upon him , just as she had in the woods the night of their first encounter . 
 then she became pregnant again . 
 at first she did nothing . 
 she did not tell thorkell . 
 she tried , even , to shut it from her mind , as if ignoring the fact would make it go away . 
 she was able to do this until one night , she had a horrible nightmare . 
 the darkness trapped her . 
 a monster called to her through the walls . 
 breath became scarce but she could not leave the dark hole . 
 she pressed her lips to the cracks and savored the slightest breeze . 
 screams of the tormented echoed from the shadows . 
 the same victim cried again and again for help . 
 she recognized the scream . 
 she knew it by heart . 
 she awoke to thorkell 's arm , heavy around her waist , and she thrashed from his grip . 
 he stirred but did not awake as she slipped from the bed , sweating and panting . 
 she dressed and grabbed her most important belongings . 
 then she left , not sure when she would return -- knowing only that it would not be anytime soon . 
 at the break of dawn she visited halla on the edge of town . 
 she paid the woman for a large supply of pennyroyal . 
 halla knew well enough not to ask too many questions , but she could not refrain from saying something before runa hurried off . 
 `` perhaps you should stay here , so i can care for you through the sickness . '' 
 the offer tempted runa , but she fled from it , before she could say yes . 
 returning to her cave caused a strange emotion to stir within her . 
 she expected to feel cozy and nostalgic . 
 instead she felt alienated , as if she was no longer the same woman and this dank hole belonged to someone else . 
 at the same time this saddened her . 
 she did not belong here anymore , but nor did she belong in the city of jom , pretending to lead a normal life as the wife of a great jomsviking . 
 she belonged nowhere . 
 she stayed in the cave only long enough to build a fire and brew her tea , infused with all the pennyroyal halla had given her . 
 she drank until her stomach burned and sloshed when she walked . 
 as the sickness seized her , she spread out on the forest floor . 
 she rested upon the incredible weight of the earth beneath her , reveling in the little sensations of bugs and worms scuttling beneath her and causing the surface to ripple with life . 
 she fed herself on the warm breeze and loosed her moans to its sway ; she cried openly and shamelessly , releasing her pain into the soil and wind because she could not endure it all herself . 
 when it passed -- perhaps over two nights or several days , she was n't certain -- she found a stream to wash away the blood between her legs . 
 she used the next few days to gather berries and nuts , catch birds and rodents , and slowly nurse herself back to health . 
 at last she returned to jom . 
 thorkell was not home at first . 
 anxiously , she passed the time by throwing herself back into her daily chores . 
 he did not arrive until the sky outside glowed orange with the sun 's descent . 
 at the sight of her , a strange look came over his face . 
 she tried to decipher the emotions beneath his pale brows as well as she could . 
 first , she hoped , there was joy . 
 but this was fleeting , and replaced quickly with anger . 
 and once the anger appeared , it would not go away . 
 such fury flared in his stony irises that she felt the nausea of fear in her belly -- an unusual sensation , for not much frightened her more than all she had already endured . 
 `` thorkell ... '' she struggled to find her breath . 
 `` i 'm back . '' 
 he slammed the door behind him so hard she jolted . 
 he did not speak for a long time , and the boom of the door continued to resound in her ears like a thunderclap in the distance , foretelling the oncoming storm . 
 then a shudder went through him , and he rushed forward , capturing her in his arms . 
 `` runa ... '' he gasped . 
 `` runa , i worried ... '' she closed her eyes as his fingers massaged the tangles of her hair . 
 `` do n't worry , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll always come back . 
 and if i do n't ... consider me dead . '' 
 he held her tighter to him , and did not pester her with the questions she feared . 
 he did not even try to make love to her . 
 he simply held her , as if he never wanted her to escape again . 
 and for a time , she did not mind . 
 after that her life felt normal again , for the most part . 
 she tried to pretend as if her disappearance into the woods had not occurred , and it seemed as if thorkell ignored it , as well . 
 when they met again , halla gave her a disapproving glance , but also one of relief ; then she proceeded to provide runa with all sorts of elixirs -- herbs that would cleanse her body of the remaining toxins , she hoped . 
 but runa could not cleanse herself of what she had done , and it continued to plague her , more than any toxin could have . 
 she told herself that her decision had been for the best . 
 a child would trap her . 
 a child would pull out the monsters within her and reveal her ugliness to all . 
 a child would be in danger of getting hurt by her in return . 
 it had been for the best . 
 and yet her nightmares worsened , and she dreamt of the baby she might have had , warm in her lap as she cradled it . 
 when she awoke her empty stomach felt cold and knotted . 
 young canute sweynsson arrived at jomsborg the next year and fell under thorkell 's tutelage , a responsibility which greatly benefited the married couple . 
 runa rarely saw the boy , for he remained mostly in jomsburg , but thorkell cared for him as if he had acquired his own son . 
 he picked out gifts for the young prince and spent his short nights with runa speaking of him . 
 she had never heard thorkell speak so much about anything . 
 runa only met the boy a few times , but he made her uncomfortable . 
 most kids did , but he even more so . 
 though well-behaved , his eyes glittered with a conceit that struck her core with fury . 
 it was a conceit that made everyone around him a means to an end , a toy to play with , and nothing more . 
 if such a characteristic was so strong now , when he was but a boy , and if all the people around him -- even thorkell -- fed such unfounded pride , how much worse would it become once he was grown ? 
 it made her want to hurt the boy , to poke a hole in his bulging sack of confidence , to watch him squirm when no one could raise a hand to help him . 
 she recognized such self-importance from the monsters of her nightmares , but at least in her sleep , the monsters chased her and no one else . 
 the monsters within canute chased after everyone . 
 she managed to keep her impulses at bay for a long while , and thorkell stayed away often , and runa enjoyed her freedom . 
 but one night something changed . 
 thorkell had unusually high spirits . 
 he seemed full of hope and joy , so much so that he brought canute home and told runa that he would be staying the night . 
 `` why ? '' 
 snapped runa . 
 `` because , '' said thorkell . 
 `` he has been a long time without a mother . '' 
 fear gripped runa 's heart like ice . 
 there was no use in arguing , she knew . 
 thorkell 's love for the boy blinded him . 
 so that evening she fiddled with her bow , and in the morning she took canute outside to use it . 
 `` set the string like so , '' she told him . 
 she even demonstrated , dropping a bird as it flapped through the sky . 
 she could see by his expression that he was truly impressed . 
 `` now you try . 
 put your face here , so you can aim properly . '' 
 she handed it to him , struggling to suppress her smirk . 
 `` i do n't see any more birds , '' the young boy said grumpily . 
 `` shoot that tree , then . '' 
 `` easy , '' he snorted . 
 he aimed and pulled the switch , as she had demonstrated . 
 but the string flew back and snapped him in the face . 
 he cried out as the arrow spiraled uselessly across the grass . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 said runa . 
 `` you did it all wrong ! '' 
 `` i did what you told me ! '' 
 he blinked back tears as he touched the swelling welt on his nose . 
 `` it 's the stupid bow 's fault ! '' 
 `` no it 's not , and no , you did n't do it right . '' 
 she took it from him , set another arrow , and shot it cleanly forward . 
 he stared in awe as it sank into the trunk of a distant tree . 
 `` but -- ! '' 
 his shock became outrage . 
 `` give it ! '' 
 he grabbed the bow . 
 he set another arrow . 
 when he released it , once again , the string smacked him in the face , this time even harder . 
 he dropped the bow and staggered backwards . 
 a long silence hung in the air . 
 then proud little canute burst into tears . 
 runa could n't help herself . 
 she grinned . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 thorkell stormed from the house . 
 runa had a sinking feeling that he had been watching for some time . 
 canute just sobbed and sniffled . 
 runa attempted to meet thorkell 's gaze with defiance , but found she could not . 
 thorkell clenched his fists , his knuckles bulging like spikes from a mace . 
 canute just kept crying . 
 the sound had been entertaining at first , but now it grated on her . 
 she wished he would simply grow silent . 
 `` canute , '' growled thorkell at last . 
 his voice sent chills down runa 's back . 
 `` you used the bow like she showed you ? '' 
 `` yes , thorkell , i did ! '' 
 cried canute . 
 `` and yet it hurt you anyway ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` then it is a danger to you , '' said thorkell . 
 `` or something here is . '' 
 his eyes remained on runa . 
 `` and what do you do to something that is a danger to you ? '' 
 canute stopped crying . 
 joy flared suddenly in his eyes , but runa went cold with fear . 
 canute looked at her , a sneer crawling up his puffy red face . 
 then he picked up the bow . 
 `` no ! '' 
 shouted runa . 
 but canute scurried away , taking the bow with him . 
 he found the nearest rock and smashed the bow against it . 
 nothing happened at first ; canute was too little to put much strength in the swing . 
 but he swung again , and again ; and at last , a crack split the air . 
 `` you little bastard ! '' 
 runa moved towards him , but thorkell stepped into her path , and she dared not cross him . 
 she seethed at him with fury and even hatred , staring into the black silhouette of his shape against the searing blue sky . 
 pain sapped the strength from her voice . 
 `` it was my wedding gift to you ! '' 
 `` much good that did us , '' he said . 
 she was not exactly sure what he meant . 
 she was not sure she wanted to know . 
 the bow cracked again , finally splitting in half , and canute laughed with triumph . 
 runa turned away , hoping to hide the sorrow consuming her , along with the unquenchable urge to enact some manner of revenge . 
 * the time she slept with another man was the night thorkell changed his attitude . 
 she had been gone for several days and nights again , as happened somewhat often . 
 but this time had been different . 
 this time , not every night had been spent in the woods . 
 thorkell knew . 
 in a sense she had planned on it . 
 she had slept with a man dumb enough to brag about bedding the wife of thorkell the tall . 
 she strolled through the door feeling as proud as a cat . 
 thorkell sat next to the hearth-fire , his large shoulders slouched , his eyes staring deep into the blaze . 
 the flames illuminated his hair like threads of copper . 
 she yearned for him suddenly , but she stayed away , and her blood quickly grew cold again . 
 `` runa ... '' he took a deep breath , and she was surprised to hear it shudder as he exhaled . 
 `` did i do something wrong ? '' 
 this reaction surprised her . 
 she had expected an argument . 
 her mouth flopped opened and closed a few times before she could form her own words . 
 `` you broke my bow . '' 
 `` you hurt canute . 
 you leave my bed cold whenever you feel like it . 
 and now ... '' she thought that he , too , was trying to be angry . 
 but his beard quivered . 
 `` now you 've betrayed me . '' 
 all of her defiance , anger , and rebellion melted immediately away . 
 she trembled from head to foot and struggled not to fall and splash at his feet like a puddle . 
 `` oh thorkell ... '' `` i do n't understand , runa . 
 i tried to give you anything you wanted . 
 i tried to let you do what you want . 
 but ... this ... '' she cocked her head as high as she could . 
 but he was n't even looking . 
 `` and what will you do about it ? '' 
 `` i already killed him . '' 
 she stiffened again . 
 `` i had to . 
 everyone knew . 
 someone had to be punished : either him or you . 
 now that he 's dead , all they 'll need to do at the next husting is pardon me . 
 and they will . '' 
 she felt her anger strengthening her once more . 
 `` you 're the one who wanted to marry . 
 did you think i would change ? 
 did you think i would become a different woman than the one that tackled you in the woods ? 
 well i wo n't . 
 no one can change me . 
 no one can restrain me ! '' 
 `` then perhaps we should divorce . '' 
 his words shocked her . 
 she had expected a greater argument , she realized . 
 she had expected him to explode , to become violent , or perhaps to attempt to enact some sort of restraint on her . 
 she thought perhaps she would provoke him to some sort of evil . 
 had she actually hoped for as much ? 
 the revelation made her sick to her stomach . 
 she had wanted to prove to thorkell that he was a bad person ; that by making her his wife , somehow , he had trapped her . 
 she clutched her own arms , as if suddenly cold . 
 how often did she cause trouble simply to provoke other people into believing the world was as dark as she thought ? 
 `` i ... i ... '' she forced a swallow from her dry mouth . 
 `` i do n't want a divorce . '' 
 `` then what do you want ? '' 
 for the first time since her return , he looked at her . 
 his gaze undulated with emotion . 
 the sight broke her heart . 
 `` i love you , runa . 
 i do n't want to change you . 
 but ... i ca n't let you keep doing this . '' 
 restrained tears burned in her nose . 
 `` you wo n't let me . '' 
 his gaze became simple , pure . 
 `` divorce me , '' he said , `` or stay . 
 but if you stay , have a baby with me . '' 
 his voice grated with bitterness . 
 `` a baby we 'll know is mine . 
 and if you ever think you 're pregnant by another man , you 'll kill it . '' 
 she covered her mouth to stifle a gasp . 
 so this mattered to him most ? 
 or was it simply a desperate request ? 
 somehow she suspected the former . 
 perhaps she had hurt him a great deal more than he could ever hurt her . 
 and if he had figured out that she knew how to `` kill '' a pregnancy ... something within her gave way . 
 she fell against him , pressing her cheek to the sharp edges of his beard , raking her fingers along his biceps . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 a sob wracked her frame . 
 `` i 'll try . 
 i 'll try ... '' at last he reached up and held her , and she wondered whether she had lost the argument , or won something greater . 
 * when they had their first baby together , she wept , and named him harald . 
 she brushed his perfect skin with her fingers , holding his warmth to her breasts , and marveled at his beauty while hot tears rolled down her cheeks . 
 the baby 's life was a miracle , she realized ; a miracle she had denied herself , as well as thorkell . 
 here was a human being not yet tarnished by the world , unmarked by the evils of other people , unscathed , even , by the evil she knew to be within herself . 
 she spent long days and nights holding him , rocking him , singing to him . 
 one night thorkell found her thus and walked up behind her , wrapping them both in his arms . 
 `` i 'm sorry , thorkell , '' she whispered . 
 `` i did n't think it would be like this . 
 i never thought i would create something so ... so ... '' she could not find a word for it , so she did n't try . 
 thorkell nuzzled his beard against her shoulder and kissed her neck . 
 at first she enjoyed staying with little harald always . 
 she even tolerated his crying throughout the night , and his constant thirst throughout the day . 
 but one day she longed for the woods again . 
 and then she realized she was trapped . 
 she paced round and round the lodge , listening to harald scream , wondering what to do . 
 she could n't just leave him . 
 but now that she wanted to for the first time , her inability to do so filled her with rage . 
 what other options did she have ? 
 she stayed with the baby , but by the time thorkell came home , she was seething . 
 in the past , she had never told thorkell before she left him for days on end . 
 she never had to deal with him asking her not to leave , for she never bothered seeking his permission or approval . 
 all she had to do was leave , and then when she returned , he would be so happy to see her that all would be well . 
 this time , she had to state the truth . 
 `` we need to find someone to look after harald whenever i 'm ... gone . '' 
 the baby seemed to sense the distress in the room . 
 he wailed , only quieting when thorkell picked him up and rocked him . 
 the father glared at her over the writhing form . 
 `` but you 're his mother . '' 
 `` would you rather i leave him alone ? '' 
 thorkell got the baby to quiet again , and gently returned him to his bed . 
 he spoke softly , though it was a strain to do so . 
 `` he needs you to feed him . '' 
 `` another woman could do that , as well . '' 
 a terrible silence followed her words . 
 his response struck her like a splash of cold water in her face . 
 `` then perhaps i 'll marry another woman . '' 
 she struggled to breathe . 
 this was the first time he had ever threatened her with such a thing . 
 she never had to say how strongly the idea revolted her , for he had already guessed . 
 `` there 's an offer , '' he went on relentlessly . 
 `` from chief asgaut of denmark . 
 for his eldest daughter . '' 
 she bit back her words of argument . 
 she could not forbid him to do it . 
 she had already shared herself with another man , so she had no right . 
 and in truth , she wanted him to be as free to pursue his desires as he allowed her to be . 
 she simply did not think she could endure it . 
 she turned to leave . 
 `` runa . '' 
 something in his voice stopped her . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 the question surprised her . 
 what did she want ? 
 she thought the answer would be simple . 
 freedom . 
 but that was n't all she wanted . 
 freedom alone did not make her happy . 
 there was more she wanted to do with her life , more that she wanted to see and accomplish , which she simply had no opportunity to achieve on her own , no matter how much time she could spend as she pleased . 
 the answer arose from deep within her , where it had already been for a long time . 
 `` i want to cross the seas . 
 i want to see engla-lond . 
 i want to plunder and rape . '' 
 she laughed at the silliness of it all . 
 but her eyes sparkled with joy as she turned them back to thorkell . 
 `` i want to be a viking . '' 
 he blinked with surprise . 
 as well as he knew and understood her , this came as a shock to him . 
 she walked over to him , gripping his arm in her excitement . 
 `` think of it , thorkell . 
 i am already a master of the bow . 
 you have also trained me with a blade . 
 we could have so much fun together . '' 
 he looked away , his jaws grinding . 
 she knew that `` fun '' had been the wrong word to use . 
 thorkell did not find any of the pillaging and killing `` fun . '' 
 it was his job , his duty , and so he did it . 
 she was not even sure she would find it fun , herself . 
 but she had to try it at least once . 
 it was her ultimate act of defiance against society , against her father ... against everyone . 
 she stroked his neck lovingly , twirling his hair in her fingers . 
 `` i 'll stay with the baby until your next voyage to engla-lond , if you would let me go with you . '' 
 he took a deep , heaving breath . 
 `` very well , '' he said at last . 
 `` if it means that much to you . '' 
 she let out a helpless cry of delight . 
 she pushed him back into a chair and straddled his lap , the poor wood creaking under their weight . 
 `` it does , '' she said . 
 to her surprise , a smile tugged at his mouth . 
 `` you understand that if you 're in my army , you 're mine to command . '' 
 `` am i ? 
 i suppose that 's true . '' 
 she leaned against him and nibbled at his ear . 
 `` then i am yours . '' 
 his hands slid up her waist , but when another thought struck her , she pulled back again , tensing . 
 `` you must do what you must , '' she said , her heart racing nervously in her chest . 
 `` but i have to know . 
 would you really marry another woman ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` by the mercy of thor , '' he said , `` not if i could help it . 
 you 're all the wife i can handle . '' 
 she fell back against him , losing herself to the pleasure of his embrace . 
 when next she slept , she dreamt of the shores of engla-lond , and awoke knowing that she would live to see them . 
 ** 10 the tenth lost tale of mercia : edmund the aetheling -lrb- back to table of contents -rrb- * `` ... it was told the king , that -lsb- the danes -rsb- would beshrew him of his life , and afterwards all his council , and then have his kingdom without any resistance . '' 
 -- the anglo-saxon chronicles , entry for year 1002 * lundenburg 1002 a.d. edmund put his hand over his mouth to trap his own breath , but his lungs continued heaving like a blacksmith 's bellows . 
 his gloved fingers clutched the sword at his belt , a heavy thing that normally seemed presumptuous for a boy thirteen years of age , but now seemed the only thing capable of saving his life . 
 its primary flaw was that pulling it from its sheath would cause noise -- noise he could not afford to make . 
 the boots around the corner shuffled against the stone , steel trinkets clinked , a cloak whooshed ... and then all sounds faded as the source retreated . 
 a groan of dismay ripped from edmund 's throat as he removed his hand from his lips . 
 he clutched his chest as if his heart might escape . 
 he could not believe what he had just overheard . 
 it would take him a long while to make sense of it -- time he was not sure he had . 
 he stumbled as he made his way back into the palace , his feet like blocks of wood on his legs . 
 he went over the words in his memory over and over again , trying to unroll the plot they contained . 
 but the more he unraveled the strings , the more easily they seemed to tangle in his mind . 
 as he walked by the king 's hall , a great stone chamber surrounded by the old roman structure , his stomach growled . 
 he could smell honey-glazed meats and spices . 
 even the rustic scent of ale hanging over everything added to his hunger . 
 he could not explain why he had skipped tonight 's dinner , nor many other nights lately , at least not aloud . 
 but he knew he hated listening to the noblemen 's driveling . 
 all his father wanted to discuss was how to raise money for the next danegald so that he could pay off the vikings rather than fighting them . 
 then he would go on about food and women -- topics that seemed trivial at a time of war . 
 edmund preferred to stop by the kitchens and pick out his victuals than to sit through such nonsense . 
 at last he reached his father 's bedroom . 
 it was surrounded , as usual , by retainers and hearth companions . 
 many of them slumped from the weight of their drinking ; others laughed with each other , sometimes putting their ears to the door of ethelred 's chamber , then laughing some more . 
 they stank of grease and unwashed clothes . 
 edmund remembered how when his mother had been alive , she made all the royal retainers take better care of themselves . 
 they frowned uncertainly as edmund approached , noting how his face was long and blanched , his boots muddy and his cloak falling askance . 
 `` i need to speak to father , '' the young aetheling gasped . 
 `` now . '' 
 `` then go on in . '' 
 the man who spoke wore a smirk on his face . 
 chuckles spread through the group . 
 `` i will , thank you . '' 
 refusing to be daunted , edmund stormed to the door and grabbed the handle . 
 immediately , a sound from within stopped him cold . 
 `` oh yes , right there . '' 
 the voice belonged to a woman . 
 but then he heard a grunt , which he suspected came from his father . 
 `` oh yes -- yes ! '' 
 edmund flushed and jumped from the door as if from a physical blow . 
 the men roared with laughter , and yet even over their chortling he could still hear his father and the maiden squealing like pigs . 
 their joyous cries seemed to follow him down the hall as he raced away , his fists clenching even more violently than before . 
 king ethelred had only recently married queen emma of normandy , but edmund knew with certainty that those were not her moans carrying down the stone walls . 
 she was only twelve years old . 
 he neared his own bedroom , but he could not bring himself to go inside . 
 instead he paced in front of the doorway , left and right and left again . 
 he felt as if he might go into some sort of frenzy . 
 he had such important information in his head , information that needed to come out , needed to be made sense of . 
 and yet he could not think of what to do with it . 
 his father 's behavior infuriated him , though it came as little surprise . 
 and as for the men of his father 's court , he trusted none of them -- especially after what he had heard today . 
 he snapped his fingers with a sudden revelation . 
 `` aethelstan , '' he said aloud . 
 yes , his older brother would at least listen without betraying him , and that was certainly something . 
 he rushed down the hallway again , his cloak dragging heavily behind him . 
 on his way down the hall , however , he passed several of his own retainers . 
 he glowered at them , for they had not been there to protect him when he needed them most . 
 no doubt they were also angry at him , however , for wandering off so often , and not dining in the great hall like the rest of his family . 
 then he saw aydith . 
 she stood staring out of an aperture at the moon , sadness making her pale face even whiter than usual . 
 his heart stirred with sympathy for his younger sister , and he almost stopped to say hello . 
 but his purpose demanded that he continue , so he passed her by . 
 `` edmund ? 
 edmund ! '' 
 with an angry huff , he stopped and turned to see aydith hurrying towards him . 
 `` edmund , what 's the matter ? 
 where have you been ? '' 
 `` i ... i ... i have to speak to aethelstan . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he could n't hold it back anymore . 
 `` lord egil of nottingham . 
 i think he 's plotting to ... to do something to father . '' 
 aydith turned a notch paler , but did not yet panic . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` i 'm ... not sure . 
 something bad . 
 i heard him talking about it , and worse , he addressed the man he spoke to as lord alfric . '' 
 `` that bastard ! '' 
 aydith blushed a little and crossed herself . 
 `` we 'll need proof . 
 what specifically did you hear ? '' 
 it irritated edmund that aydith required some sort of proof and did n't immediately believe him . 
 `` i should be talking to aethelstan , '' he grumbled . 
 `` very well then , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll go with you . '' 
 together , they completed the weary procession to aetheling aethelstan 's room . 
 for whatever reason , edmund wished his sister would go away . 
 as dearly as he cared for her , she always made matters so complicated , and tended to get even more frustrated than he did when plans went awry . 
 nevertheless , he could not refuse her help . 
 aethelstan had already gone to bed , which nearly set edmund off again . 
 but aydith promptly entered the room anyway , shushing away his bower-thegn , then shook their older brother awake . 
 he blinked sleepily through his pale lashes , already crusted from deep sleep . 
 `` what ? 
 what 's the matter ? '' 
 he sat up and rubbed at his face . 
 aydith walked around the room lighting candles . 
 aydith opened her mouth as if to speak , then thought better of it , and turned to edmund . 
 `` i think father 's in danger , '' he said as the light flared around them . 
 `` oh no ! 
 in danger of what ? '' 
 `` assassination , '' edmund hissed , though at aydith 's prompt gasp , he regretted saying so . 
 he only suspected that an assassination attempt was afoot based on what he had heard . 
 but he could not be certain . 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 aethelstan scratched his pale hair again , and seemed to be at a loss . 
 aydith fixed edmund with her fierce brown eyes , eyes she 'd inherited from their mother . 
 `` tell us everything you saw and heard , '' she said . 
 `` starting from the beginning . '' 
 `` wait , '' said aethelstan . 
 `` should n't we be talking to father about this ? '' 
 `` he 's ... he 's busy . '' 
 with a sigh that was a half growl , edmund returned his concentration to the origin of the night 's events . 
 `` here 's what happened . 
 i was taking a walk around the palace around dusk . 
 i ventured away from the walls into lunden town -- '' `` without your companions ? '' 
 aethelstan reproached him . 
 `` you know father does n't like that ! '' 
 edmund ignored this and forged on . 
 `` i saw men i recognized outside a tavern , though at first i could n't place their names . 
 but they were danish nobles , and they 've been contributing to the witenagemot for the last few days -- that much i knew . 
 one of them i never learned the name of , but i heard him call the other man egil , and then i realized he was lord egil of nottingham . 
 anyway , i heard them talking about father . 
 they called him weak , and stupid , and incompetent . '' 
 the very words made him tremble with rage , even though he was not quite sure what the last one meant . 
 `` they said they needed to do something about him . '' 
 he let this sink into his siblings ' ears , both of them growing paler as it did . 
 after a short while aydith said , `` were n't there any specifics ? '' 
 `` they lowered their voices after that , '' said edmund . 
 `` which means it must have been bad ! 
 so i tried to get closer , and hid myself around the corner of the tavern . '' 
 `` what else did you hear ? '' 
 said aethelstan , his voice heavy with desperation . 
 `` only bits and pieces . 
 they talked about saint brice 's day coming up . 
 they spoke of the food that would be served . 
 oh -- and then a third person joined in ! 
 but i did n't see his face . '' 
 `` alfric ! '' 
 breathed aydith . 
 edmund nodded grimly . 
 `` i did hear them call him alfric . '' 
 `` there are lots of alfrics , '' said aethelstan grumpily . 
 aydith came to edmund 's rescue . 
 `` there are n't many alfrics who would be plotting something with two danish nobles , '' she hissed . 
 `` he has had trouble getting father to forgive him for his last offense , and i am sure he is eager to avenge the death of his son . '' 
 `` yes , '' said edmund , grateful now that aydith had come along , after all . 
 `` that 's exactly what i thought ! '' 
 aethelstan now wore a deeply-set frown . 
 `` what else did they say about the food ? '' 
 `` they said , ` think of how many people will be eating it . ' 
 as if the more people they poisoned , the better . '' 
 aydith held up her hand and shook her head firmly . 
 `` wait . 
 did you ever hear them say ` poison ' ? '' 
 `` well ... no . '' 
 she grunted . 
 `` then this is all speculation . '' 
 `` who the hell cares ? '' 
 cried edmund . 
 `` they 're obviously up to something ! '' 
 they scowled and looked to aethelstan for help , whose frown only deepened . 
 he heaved a sigh , then at last said , `` we must go to father . 
 we 'll speak to him tomorrow during breakfast . '' 
 aydith turned a deep shade of red . 
 `` but we need more information before we go to father . 
 otherwise -- '' `` hush , aydith . '' 
 edmund was not very pleased with aethelstan 's solution , either , but it was a plan , voiced by someone of authority , and at least now edmund knew he could go to bed without tossing and turning all night . 
 the burden no longer lay completely on his own shoulders . 
 `` aethelstan 's right . 
 we 'll talk to father tomorrow . '' 
 aydith scowled so fiercely that edmund actually moved back a step . 
 but she saw that her brothers had made up their minds , and wisely pinched her lips together to avoid arguing anymore . 
 `` very well , '' she said at last . 
 `` good luck with that ! '' 
 she turned and stormed out . 
 the brothers exchanged weary looks , then retired gladly to their own beds . 
 * in the morning , edmund at last got his father 's attention . 
 most of his wise men had not yet arrived for the ongoing witenagmot , so the palace and dining hall remained mostly empty . 
 nonetheless , addressing his father was no easy feat . 
 king ethelred seemed to suffer from wine-poisoning and lack of sleep . 
 he chewed grimly upon his morning meal , waving away most of the people who yapped for his attention , the curls of his beard bouncing rhythmically as he struggled to chew away his breakfast . 
 he yanked at the cloak and brooches around his neck as if they were choking him . 
 edmund addressed his father with a timid voice , seeing little reaction in ethelred 's gray eyes despite the urgency of his voice . 
 `` i have something very important to tell you . '' 
 ethelred just grunted , but at least that meant he was listening . 
 aethelstan sat nearby , nodding his encouragement . 
 edmund leaned close to their father , his fine linen sleeves crushing the crumbs of the table . 
 `` the danes are plotting against you . '' 
 ethelred 's eyes turned sluggishly towards his son . 
 beyond this , he did not seem taken aback at all . 
 `` yes , and ? '' 
 edmund drew back , blinking rapidly with surprise . 
 `` and you should do something ! '' 
 his blood roared in his ears , deafening . 
 here was his chance to tell his father everything , and he was ruining it . 
 aethelstan came to his rescue , speaking in calm and reassuring tones to the king . 
 `` edmund does n't mean just the vikings , father . 
 he means there are danes living nearby who wish to do you harm . '' 
 ethelred looked from one young teen to the next , drool collecting on his lips as he delayed chewing . 
 `` and this is news to you both ? 
 for heaven 's sake , the danes try to cut my throat every chance they get . 
 edmund -- tell me how your sword lessons have been going . 
 have you improved your parrying skills yet ? '' 
 edmund could not even come up with a response , so confused was he by the turn of conversation . 
 his lips flapped open and shut , but no words escaped . 
 aethelstan made another attempt at salvaging the conversation . 
 `` father , edmund overheard one of your most trusted men , lord egil ... '' he looked to edmund for approval , and edmund nodded . 
 `` lord egil seemed to be plotting something wicked , father , on saint brice 's day . '' 
 `` wicked ? 
 how ? '' 
 asked ethelred . 
 but now his eyes were darting about , infused at last with energy . 
 they fixed on edmund . 
 `` what did you hear ? '' 
 edmund gulped . 
 should he say that he heard them planning to poison ethelred ? 
 but what if he was wrong ? 
 and what if he sent his father into a senseless panic , before anything useful might be done ? 
 `` they were ... talking about the food , father , '' he whispered . 
 `` and ... and how many people were going to be eating it . '' 
 ethelred stared at him a long , long time . 
 he did n't move at all . 
 his nose turned red from the cold air and lack of blood circulation . 
 edmund could not guess what was going on behind the king 's petrified expression . 
 was he convinced ? 
 or did he need something more ? 
 `` and ... they were talking about all this to none other than alfric of mercia ! '' 
 he blurted . 
 ethelred dropped his dirk with a tremendous clatter . 
 his elbows sank onto the table and his head fell between them . 
 edmund sensed victory and exchanged a look of excitement with aethelstan ; but when they looked back at their father , they found him trembling violently . 
 `` father ? '' 
 edmund reached out a hand to the king , but dared not touch him . 
 `` i think i 'm going to be sick . '' 
 ethelred got up suddenly , his chair falling behind him . 
 he turned , fell to his knees , and retched upon the floor . 
 edmund turned away , cringing with disgust as the royal breakfast of sausages and eggs plopped from ethelred 's mouth into the rushes . 
 once the king 's hacking and spitting spent itself , ethelred got up and groaned , `` well , clean this up ! '' 
 a few servants rushed uncertainly forward to do what they could with their woolen washcloths . 
 king ethelred returned to his chair with a resounding thump . 
 edmund and aethelstan sat in a state of suspended wincing as they stared upon their father 's drooping face . 
 he exhaled heavily , and edmund resisted turning from his foul breath . 
 `` alfric has been well-behaved lately , and very helpful to me , '' said ethelred . 
 `` i think that he regrets the wrong-doings of his past , and he 's full of fresh ideas for the future . '' 
 edmund could hardly believe he was hearing such words . 
 had alfric already worked his way back into the king 's good graces ? 
 `` as for egil , '' the king continued relentlessly , `` i like him . 
 i like him a lot . '' 
 he surprised them by looking up and fixing edmund 's eyes with his own . 
 life flared briefly from deep within the wells of the king 's gaze . 
 `` tell me , edmund : are you certain that he means me harm ? 
 would you put your hand on a holy relic and swear that egil is working with alfric to kill or otherwise dethrone me ? '' 
 edmund had not expected this . 
 he realized , with much surprise , that he had not really expected to get through to his father at all . 
 all of his huffing and heaving had been a desperate attempt to get his father 's attention . 
 now that he had it -- now that ethelred took him seriously -- he could not bring himself to say , yes , i swear . 
 he just could n't . 
 he could not even sustain his father 's gaze . 
 he looked down into the wood of the table . 
 he could n't look at his brother , either . 
 he wondered if aethelstan was disappointed in him . 
 he knew without a doubt that aydith would be . 
 `` just as i thought , '' ethelred sighed . 
 `` you boys are becoming as fearful as i often feel . 
 why should i trust anyone these days ? 
 i do n't . 
 and yet i have to . '' 
 a servant gave him a new goblet of water . 
 he picked it up and downed it in a few gulps , loosing silver streams down his beard and necklaces . 
 he lifted a hand to push back his frizzy hair , but this small movement betrayed a violent tremor in his arm . 
 `` i live from one day to the next , my sons . 
 sometimes that is all we can do . 
 it 's all we can do . '' 
 edmund no longer felt upset or angry . 
 he did not even feel very anxious . 
 he simply felt depressed . 
 `` what would you have me do ? '' 
 ethelred looked up as if poising the question to god himself . 
 edmund and aethelstan might as well have left the room . 
 this was now between the king and the only power greater than himself . 
 `` have egil beheaded or exiled without reason ? 
 think of what they 'll say of me then . 
 ` paranoid . ' 
 ` cowardly . ' 
 bah ! 
 perhaps i should just declare war on the danelaw . 
 what do you think of that ? '' 
 he drained down another goblet of water , as if it was ale that could wash away his sorrows . 
 but it gave him no such relief . 
 when he next spoke , the coarseness of his voice brought bumps to edmund 's skin . 
 `` ` the sin of thy mother shall not be washed out but by much blood of the kingdom 's wretched inhabitants ; and such evils shall come upon the english nation as they have never suffered from the time they came to engla-lond until then . ' 
 hm . '' 
 then he stared out the window , and seemed to forget that anyone else was present . 
 despite the warmth of his clothes and the glow of a nearby hearth-fire , edmund felt cold to his core . 
 he drew away from the table , his appetite gone , again . 
 he could not think of anything else to say , and ethelred no longer seemed in the mood to listen , anyway . 
 so he turned and left the hall . 
 * aydith found him dragging his feet through the courtyard , kicking occasionally at the frosty mud . 
 a group of chickens squawked and scattered away from him . 
 a few royal retainers loitered nearby , watching him reluctantly . 
 when he saw her approaching , he sighed with dismay , then steeled himself . 
 unexpectedly , she did not release a torrent of anger upon him . 
 she looked just as sad and miserable as he did . 
 and for awhile , she simply stood there next to him , not saying a word . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 edmund surprised himself by being the first to speak , and asking such an important question while doing so . 
 aydith 's lips twisted from side to side as she considered this . 
 it amazed edmund whenever he saw his sister do child-like things , for she was so mature that she often seemed like a grown woman . 
 `` first , we need to figure out exactly what egil is up to . '' 
 `` oh , forget about egil ! 
 father likes him , '' he sneered , `` and i was probably just being paranoid ! '' 
 he picked up a stick and threw it at an unsuspecting hen , who attempted to escape by flapping her flimsy wings . 
 aydith fixed him with a level stare . 
 `` i do n't think you 're paranoid , '' she said . 
 `` i believe you completely . 
 even if he 's not out to poison the entire witenagemot , i think egil would do something against father if he had the chance . '' 
 `` you think , '' said edmund . 
 `` but do you know ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 her little nose pinched as she restrained her frustration . 
 `` i just ... do . '' 
 `` see ? 
 you 're as bad as the rest of us . 
 forget it . 
 forget everything . '' 
 `` edmund . '' 
 a tone of pleading entered her voice . 
 `` maybe we could get father to do something so we did n't have to . 
 it just needs to be something ... definite . 
 but also something non-confrontational . '' 
 `` oh enough ! '' 
 it all sounded even more ridiculous coming from his sister 's childish mouth . 
 he wanted to laugh about it but he could n't . 
 all he could do was walk away . 
 `` edmund ! '' 
 he heard the chinks of shifting metal as his companions moved to follow him , but he whirled on them quickly . 
 `` leave me alone . 
 all of you ! '' 
 he hurried away , and it came as both a relief and a disappointment that no one bothered to follow him , after all . 
 he spent most of his morning hacking at a dummy with his sword , practicing his techniques and stances , but mostly just hacking . 
 he pretended that it had a real face , and that face took the shape of various people he knew , like egil , or alfric , or even his father . 
 once he 'd exhausted himself with the sword , his stomach growled desperately , so at last he went to the kitchens and ate . 
 then he paced about the palace for a long while , and even tried listening in on the witenagemot . 
 he did not get far . 
 the doors were shut tight , and the retainers around the area gave him warning glances . 
 edmund scowled back . 
 he could have attended the witenagemot from the start if he really wanted to , but if so he would not have been allowed to leave , just as he could not now interrupt them . 
 the thought of listening to the wise men 's useless quibbling all day made him sick to his stomach . 
 he decided to walk to town again , even though it was a strange time to do so . 
 he knew he would get strange looks from people who saw a young teen strolling the streets alone wearing fancy clothes , but today he did not even care . 
 he yearned for a sense of normalcy beyond the stifling walls of the palace . 
 he had not gone very far when he ran suddenly into alfric . 
 he did n't recognize the man at first . 
 edmund had only seen him as a young boy , after all , and one of his most striking features -- his hair -- had been largely removed , chopped clean off his head . 
 edmund would have passed him by without a second thought , but alfric was not about to let that happen . 
 `` greetings , aetheling . '' 
 edmund squinted at the dark shape outlined by the sinking white sun . 
 then he blinked with surprise at the stubbed yellow curls remaining around the man 's forehead and the pinched , angled smile hovering above his chin . 
 the prince froze , all but for his hand , which twitched involuntarily towards the hilt of his sword . 
 alfric 's eyes flicked to watch the movement . 
 he took a step closer , his long red cloak spreading behind him . 
 edmund gulped . 
 `` i 'm so glad i ran into you , '' said alfric . 
 `` i need to talk to you about something . '' 
 `` step back . '' 
 edmund scrambled away , nearly embarrassing himself by tripping over a stone in the road . 
 `` easy . 
 i just do n't want anyone to hear us . 
 maybe we should talk over there ? '' 
 he pointed to a dark alley between buildings , and edmund 's heart jumped into his throat . 
 how foolish would he be to follow alfric to a place like that ? 
 `` we can talk here , '' he said , struggling to sound firm . 
 `` or back in the palace . '' 
 `` that would be even worse , '' said alfric . 
 his expression twisted into one of impatience . 
 `` i 'm not here to play games , boy . 
 will you hear me out or not ? '' 
 edmund hoped he did not look as terrified as he felt . 
 he glimpsed the sword under alfric 's cloak . 
 it was smaller and simpler than his own , despite the sizes of their respective owners , but in that case it would be even easier to quietly unsheathe and use to slit someone 's throat . 
 he wished desperately that he had brought along his companions , after all . 
 but it was too late for that now . 
 either he toughened up and listened to what alfric had to say , or he ran away and wondered for the rest of his life whether he could have uncovered an important secret . 
 `` very well , '' he breathed at last . 
 alfric bowed his head and swept his hand towards the alley . 
 `` after you , my lord . '' 
 how quickly his tone had changed ! 
 edmund wanted to insist that alfric go first , but he saw a gleam of amusement in alfric 's eyes , as if that was exactly what he hoped for . 
 he would not give him that satisfaction . 
 feeling miserable enough to die anyway , edmund trudged ahead . 
 soon he stood in between two walls and a large stack of wood , so that there was only one way out , which quickly became closed by alfric . 
 alfric filled the space happily , though he feigned a grave expression as he leaned against the wall . 
 `` now edmund , '' he said . 
 `` i think you 've met lord egil . '' 
 edmund tried to swallow , but found his mouth too dry . 
 alfric leaned close , lowering his voice almost to a whisper . 
 `` he 's up to no good . '' 
 the aetheling resisted the urge to step back from alfric 's piercing gaze . 
 `` you 'll have to be more specific . '' 
 `` i spoke to him only yesterday . 
 he 's going to do something to the food on saint brice 's day . '' 
 hope stirred in edmund 's belly , but he doused it quickly . 
 `` do what , damn it ? '' 
 alfric smirked . 
 `` poison it , of course . '' 
 there . 
 someone had said it at last . 
 the truth was revealed . 
 and yet as he looked at the smile pulling one corner of alfric 's lips , a shiver went through edmund . 
 he should not trust this man at all . 
 this man had once taken his father 's battle plans directly to the vikings . 
 his son had paid the price for the crime . 
 and now he was back ... for what ? 
 what if aydith was right ? 
 what if he wanted revenge ? 
 or what if he was truly so cowardly he did n't even care for that ; he simply wanted to gain ethelred 's favor once more , whatever it took ? 
 if aydith were here , edmund thought , she would pester lord alfric with questions . 
 it always annoyed edmund when she asked lots of questions . 
 but she also seemed to know about everything as a result . 
 so perhaps he should ask some questions , himself . 
 `` um ... '' he shifted about on his feet , then crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` i heard him say it , '' said alfric . 
 `` yesterday . '' 
 he cocked an eyebrow , as if he and edmund shared a little secret . 
 edmund wondered whether the banished lord knew about his conversation with ethelred that very morning . 
 edmund guessed that he did . 
 `` so why did you wait this long to tell someone ? '' 
 `` i wanted to find out more . 
 so i did . 
 egil has a network of other danes helping him ; they will all work together to poison the soup . 
 i do n't know who all of them are , however . '' 
 `` oh god , '' said edmund . 
 alfric nodded gravely . 
 `` i can think of only one way to surely escape this . 
 ethelred , his family , and his most loyal men must go somewhere else to feast . 
 it need not be suspicious , though you must of course keep it quiet . 
 i know of a great manor down the river . 
 it could be like a retreat , if you will . '' 
 the idea was simple enough . 
 if a plot was afoot in lundenburg , why not just leave for a little while ? 
 then edmund clenched his fists . 
 it was a coward 's way out -- just like alfric to suggest . 
 and in the end , it would not destroy the threat , only delay it . 
 he felt he had heard enough of alfric 's driveling . 
 he needed to go somewhere else to think about it . 
 he doubted alfric would tell him anything else useful , and the dark confinement of the alley grew stifling . 
 `` i will think on this , '' he said . 
 he made to go , moving around alfric to the best of his ability . 
 he flinched with surprise as alfric 's hand wrapped around his arm . 
 `` i have n't finished speaking with you , '' he snarled . 
 `` but i have finished with you , '' said edmund . 
 he looked desperately about , but no one in the streets so much as glanced his direction . 
 did they not care what was going on here ? 
 sensing the aetheling 's hopes , alfric tightened his grip and swung edmund back in front of him , so that no one from the street would see him at all . 
 a white mist spread around alfric 's face as the air froze his huffing breath . 
 `` listen edmund , i 'm giving you a way to save your family ! 
 and you 're just going to walk away like you never even spoke to me ? '' 
 he shook edmund hard , and the aetheling flapped about like a rag-doll . 
 much to his own shame , he felt weak and helpless with fear . 
 why was alfric doing this to him ? 
 why was this happening to him at all ? 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 he cried . 
 alfric stopped shaking him , his voice calming slightly . 
 `` i want you to do as you should . 
 save your family . 
 do what i 've suggested . 
 let me help you . 
 be a hero , edmund . '' 
 edmund stared with terror into the splintered colors of alfric 's irises . 
 a horrible possibility entered his mind . 
 what if this suggestion was a trap in itself ? 
 `` edmund ? '' 
 his brow furrowed with concern . 
 `` do you not trust me ? 
 is that it ? 
 well ... consider this , aetheling . '' 
 alfric pressed him to the wall with one forearm , while his other hand yanked his sword from its scabbard . 
 a cry ripped from edmund 's throat in harmony with the ringing steel . 
 alfric replaced the arm against edmund 's throat with his blade . 
 `` what do you think of this ? '' 
 alfric leaned close to him . 
 `` i could kill you , edmund , right here , right now . 
 no one would know . 
 i could strip you of your valuables so you looked like the corpse of a miserable peasant . 
 i could even give myself a little nick on the arm and claim i tried to save you from the thief that did it . 
 perhaps your father would welcome me back with open arms for my bravery . '' 
 edmund moaned with dismay . 
 `` but i wo n't do any of that , of course . '' 
 alfric stepped back and re-sheathed his sword with a quick and clumsy movement . 
 edmund realized the lord was shaking nearly as violently as himself . 
 as relieved as he was to be released , spite filled his veins , for he knew the only reason alfric did not do such a thing was because of his own cowardice . 
 `` you see , my lord ? '' 
 the ealdorman 's voice cracked slightly . 
 `` i wish you no harm . 
 all i ask is that you do not ignore my warning , and tell me what you want to do next , so i may plan accordingly . '' 
 `` i ... i ... '' edmund could hardly think straight . 
 his fear blurred all of his thoughts like a thick , white veil . 
 `` edmund , tell me what you 're going to do . '' 
 `` go to hell ! '' 
 edmund shoved blindly at alfric , throwing himself forward with all of his might . 
 he was not exactly sure how it happened , only that for a moment his limbs tangled with alfric 's , and then suddenly he was free . 
 then he took off running . 
 he did not care where he went , so far as it was far away from alfric . 
 he did not even care to run towards the palace , either . 
 what would he do once he returned ? 
 tell his family what alfric had said ? 
 and what if alfric was only leading his family into another trap ? 
 he listened to the wind gush past his ears as his thoughts roared within his head . 
 the more he thought about it , the more perfect he realized such a plan would be . 
 alfric could lure out all of ethelred 's `` most loyal men '' away from their their guards and retainers , who would be suspected of consorting with lord egil . 
 all of them would go to an isolated spot , and there they could easily be slain . 
 it seemed a bit far-fetched , even for alfric . 
 but edmund would not put it past him . 
 and even if the trap was not so cruel as that , what else bad might happen ? 
 no matter how politely ethelred went about it , such a gesture would send a clear message to all of the men left behind -- mostly danish nobles of the north -- that he did not trust them , nor care for their company in a feast . 
 people gave edmund strange looks and yelled at him , but he did not stop until exhaustion overcame him . 
 in truth he was still not very far from the palace , but his fear and despair drained him more than any physical effort . 
 he collapsed on a wooden step , crumpling under the weight of his responsibilities , and broke down in tears . 
 he did not know for how long he cried . 
 it felt incredibly good , somehow , and he did not know when he might have another chance to cry like this without his companions or someone else of importance watching . 
 he felt sad for himself , and his entire family , and all they had to endure . 
 how could they protect engla-lond when it was so hard just to watch their own backs ? 
 he thought of all the horrible things people said about the king ; he thought of how many times he had felt equally mad at his father . 
 but how could one function when plagued with so much doubt and uncertainty ? 
 how could ethelred act wisely from one day to the next when at any moment , his own friends could turn on him ? 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 called a young man . 
 `` what ails you , my friend ? '' 
 edmund looked up , annoyed by the interruption . 
 but the sight of the churl who addressed him gave him pause . 
 the peasant , only a few years older than himself , stood and spoke like a nobleman . 
 he had long curly hair that reminded him of alfric 's , though he quickly forced this thought away , recognizing this as the paranoia his father had warned him about . 
 the fellow seemed to be on hard times , whatever his station , for his clothes were ill-fitting and coming apart at the seams . 
 the horse he held next to him carried a casket of wine , leaking a small red river down the its belly . 
 but none of these misfortunes seemed to phase the young man , whose eyes twinkled with optimism . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 edmund grumbled at last . 
 `` eadric of staffordshire . '' 
 edmund did not recognize the name . 
 but if he was here from staffordshire , might he be a thegn hoping to make a name for himself at the king 's witenagemot ? 
 or even one of the lesser wise men ? 
 `` now tell me who has wronged you , '' eadric went on . 
 `` a lord ? 
 a churchman ? 
 or perhaps a woman ? 
 i can help you with any of the above -- especially the last . '' 
 `` can you help me with a father ? '' 
 `` i know little of fathers . '' 
 eadric 's face pinched as if the word put a bad taste in his mouth . 
 `` but what has he done to you ? '' 
 `` he has done nothing to me , but everyone else complains of him . 
 they call him foolish and incompetent . '' 
 he glared at eadric . 
 `` i bet you do n't even know what that word means . '' 
 `` it means he can not do his job . '' 
 edmund scowled . 
 he had n't realized the word was so insulting . 
 `` if you ask me , '' eadric went on , `` a job is a job . 
 what matters is whether he can protect himself , and his family . 
 a job is only a means to an end . 
 do you follow ? '' 
 `` i ... think so . '' 
 he did n't . 
 but he wanted to . 
 eadric smiled . 
 `` cheer up , my friend . 
 the purpose of a job is to buy bread and live a comfortable life . 
 therefore its purpose is to be happy , and so it must be useless , if it makes no one happy . 
 consider the king . 
 he is a king ! 
 and yet do you hear how people ridicule him ? '' 
 edmund blinked with surprise . 
 `` when the king asks people to pay money to the vikings , and thus delay the next attack , everyone shouts and complains . 
 but the king is only doing what he must : protecting himself and his own . 
 in any case , he wants his people to be happy , and if they stopped complaining , perhaps they would be . '' 
 could it be ? 
 someone who actually approved of his father 's actions ? 
 `` they say he should fight more . 
 but he wo n't . '' 
 the young man shifted about uncertainly . 
 `` and do you blame him ? 
 why , if i was the king , i would n't fight much at all , i think . '' 
 `` then you 're a coward ! '' 
 eadric crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` am i ? 
 think about it , friend . 
 our saxon kings tried to fight the vikings for over two hundred years , and it has n't accomplished a thing . '' 
 `` then what would you do ? '' 
 eadric 's grin stretched from ear to ear . 
 `` whatever method was fastest and easiest , i suppose : a method that certainly would not be found on the battlefield . '' 
 edmund thought of what aydith had said . 
 ethelred needed to do something both definite and non-confrontational . 
 was that the sort of thing this poor noble had in mind ? 
 eadric shook his head lackadaisically . 
 `` do n't think on it so much . 
 the king does what he must to protect and feed us ; i am sure your father is the same . 
 and if he is n't ... then to hell with him ! '' 
 it was the last unexpected nugget thrown edmund 's way : this fellow truly had no idea who he was talking to ! 
 unable to endure any more surprises , edmund got up and ran off again . 
 this time he aimed his feet towards the palace . 
 the strange teenager 's cheerful and cocky mood had gotten through to him somehow . 
 if eadric had not known who he was speaking to , then perhaps he actually meant what he said about ethelred ? 
 perhaps he could actually be trusted ? 
 and perhaps if this eadric -- who despised fighting and liked easy solutions -- had an idea of any value at all , then might king ethelred actually heed it ? 
 ** ** thank you for reading my short stories about the ancient characters of anglo-saxon england . 
 if you enjoyed my work , please leave a review , and check out my other novels ! 
 sincerely , jayden woods ** clip from eadric the grasper -lrb- back to table of contents -rrb- chapter 2 eadric felt elated with power yet sickened by anxiety all at once . 
 he wondered if it would have been better to have never met aetheling edmund , and thus king ethelred , at all . 
 perhaps meddling with nobles and royals was not such a pleasurable pastime as it appeared . 
 perhaps a life among pigs , muddy though it may be , was in some ways preferable . 
 all he wanted to do now was return to bram 's estate and flirt with the curvy brunette in the kitchen . 
 for better or worse , an alternative appeared before eadric quite suddenly . 
 a young woman approached him , and judging by her attire of embroidered linens , she was not a girl he could ignore . 
 for the third time in a week , he would speak to a member of the royal family ; and as it so happened , she was the most beautiful young girl eadric had ever laid eyes upon . 
 this aetheling was younger than edmund , perhaps only twelve years of age . 
 she must have shared his mother , ethelred 's first wife , for her features were much darker than the king 's . 
 she had long hair the color of a maple tree ripe with syrup , and deep brown eyes like the floor of a forest dappled with shadows . 
 but her beauty was not so striking as the determination sharpening her gaze and pinching her small pink lips . 
 `` who are you , and what did my father want with you ? '' 
 eadric just blinked at her at first , still dazed by the strength of her presence . 
 how could a small , bony girl -- of royal lineage or otherwise -- have this sort of effect on him ? 
 `` my ... my name is eadric . 
 i 'm from mercia . '' 
 `` mercia . '' 
 her dark eyes sparked slightly , like the embers of a fire . 
 `` go on , then . '' 
 `` i do n't know why your father wanted to see me , to tell you the truth . '' 
 `` you 're the one who made such an impression on my brother edmund ? '' 
 `` why ... yes . '' 
 he wondered how often the repercussions of that chance encounter would thrash against him . 
 she did not look pleased . 
 `` your advice to him was foolish . 
 i hope you did not give the same speech about ` protecting one 's own ' to my father ? '' 
 eadric shrugged helplessly . 
 was it possible that he felt more nervous in front of this sharp young girl than he had before the king ? 
 `` tell me what you said . '' 
 he struggled to regain his composure and lift his chin high . 
 he brushed back his thick curls with one hand . 
 `` if he wants to share that with you , then he may . 
 otherwise , our conversation remains a secret . '' 
 `` i am aetheling aydith , and i asked you a question . 
 you will answer it . '' 
 her show of authority sparked a flare of rebellion in eadric 's spirit , and a sharp smile curled up his face . 
 `` peace , my girl ; you are far too beautiful to let these grueling matters ruin the pleasure of your company . '' 
 her mouth gaped open a moment , and then the water struck his face before he saw her move at all . 
 he did not even understand where the liquid had come from until he saw the empty animal-skin in her hand . 
 icy cold drops poured down his neck and matted his hair against his tunic . 
 he blinked desperately to clear the droplets from his eyes . 
 then he could do nothing but stare at her in awe and fury . 
 `` churl or noble , '' she said , `` you 're either a fool or a coward , like all the others . 
 and i hate both . '' 
 and then she stormed away . 
 eadric rode back to bram 's estate in a daze . 
 the water on his head turned to frost on his lashes and hair . 
 even so , his body felt flushed with warmth . 
 the events of the day made his blood burn with both excitement and foreboding . 
 though the manner of aetheling aydith had grated his nerves , he could not wipe a ridiculous smile from his face . 
 what an incredible girl ! 
 eadric the grasper released october 5 , 2010 now available as an ebook or paperback from many retailers * author 's note the anglo-saxon chronicles , as compiled by various monks until the year 1140 , were my primary sources of information . 
 so , too , were the chronicles of florence of worcester and the chronicles of the kings of england as written by william of malmesbury . 
 without the devotion of these men to chronicle the chaotic events of their time , so little of the dark ages would be known . 
 i also want to thank the historians and authors listed below . 
 their research and writings helped to shed light on an otherwise dark and mysterious time as i sought to find eadric 's story . 
 campbell , james et al. . 
 the anglo-saxons . 
 phaidon press limited , 1982 . 
 crossley-holland , kevin . 
 the anglo-saxon world : an anthology . 
 oxford university press , 1982 . 
 freeman , edward a. old english history for children . 
 london , macmillan and co. , 1869 . 
 gransden , antonia . 
 historical writing in england c. 550 to c. 1307 , volume 1 . 
 london : routledge . 
 1974 . 
 gregory , t , comp . 
 the shropshire gazetteer : including a survey of the county and valuable miscellaneous information . 
 m. harvard college university . 
 baldwin , cradock , and joy , london , 1824 . 
 hooper , nicholas and matthew bennett . 
 the cambridge illustrated atlas of warfare : the middle ages . 
 1996 . 
 lacey , robert and danny danzinger . 
 the year 1000 : what life was like at the turn of the first millennium . 
 little , brown and company , 1999 . 
 lappenberg , johann martin and benjamin thorpe . 
 history of england under the anglo-saxon kings , volume 2 . 
 1845 . 
 o’brien , harriet . 
 queen emma and the vikings . 
 bloomsbury publishing , 2005 . 
 print . 
 ramsay , james henry . 
 the foundations of england ; or , twelve centuries of british history -lrb- b.c. 55 -- a.d. 1154 -rrb- london , 1898 . 
 silver , thomas . 
 the coronation service or consecration of the anglosaxon kings as it illustrates the origins of the constitution . 
 baxter , printer , oxford . 
 1831 thrupp , john . 
 the anglo-saxon home : a history of the domestic institutions and customs of england -lrb- from the fifth to eleventh century -rrb- . 
 london , 1889 . 
 ward , christie . 
 `` courtship , love and marriage in viking scandinavia . '' 
 viking answer lady . 
 web , july 2010 @ http://www.vikinganswerlady.com/wedding.shtml wilson , david mackenzie . 
 the archaeology of anglo-saxon england . 
 methuen and co. . 
 ltd , 1976 . 
 ** about the author jayden woods is the pen name for jenny gibbons . 
 she grew up on a farm in rural tennessee , then pursued her dreams of film-making in los angeles . 
 after receiving a bfa in screenwriting from the university of southern california and working on a primetime tv show , she decided to return to her original passion of writing novels . 
 since then she has lived in st. louis with her wonderful husband and three beautiful pets , throwing all her will and energy into becoming a successful writer . 
 www.jaydenwoods.com ** praise for eadric the grasper released october 5 , 2010 `` in the debut of her sons of mercia series , woods tells a ripped-from-the-chronicles story -- most of the characters and major events are factual -- with an entertaining blend of period realism and zorro-ish dazzle . '' 
 -- kirkus discoveries `` a surprisingly easy and quick read considering the epic nature of the novel , eadric the grasper takes the reader through the twisted journey of an intelligent peasant -lrb- a swineherd -rrb- ... if i was forced to make a comparison , i 'd say the book , in theme , feels like the historical version of the award winning american television show , `` breaking bad . '' 
 a good man , forced by situations far beyond his control , makes the the best decisions possible , but they lead him down the dark rabbit hole ... '' -- sean crouch , screenwriter , numb3rs `` if you had given up finding derring to match do in an exciting historical romance because sir walter scott was dead , weep no more . 
 eadric the grasper by jayden woods brings homicidal vikings , ferocious lovers , and frequent murder most foul to brilliant life in literary 3d . 
 turn away from thy twitter and grab it . '' 
 -- ron friedman , creator of gi joe , the marvel action hour ; writer of the transformers : the movie `` many of the characters refer to -lsb- eadric -rsb- as a coward , but i never thought of him in that way . 
 if anything , he acted boldly and through astute observation of the swift changes coming to england , he did his best to forge a good life for him and his family . 
 still , his boldness accompanied a strange and dangerous naiveté that did not allow him to appreciate the full consequences of his actions at times . 
 as in life , jayden woods ' eadric remains a complicated character . '' 
 -- lisa yarde , author of on falcon 's wings vol . 
 2 of sons of mercia , godric the kingslayer , releases september 27 , 2011 
