 the taste of fear jeremy bates copyright © 2012 by jeremy bates second edition the right of jeremy bates to be identified as the author of the work has been asserted by him in accordance with the copyright , designs and patents acts 1988 . 
 all rights reserved . 
 no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , or by any information storage and retrieval system , without the written consent of the publisher . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 any resemblance to actual people , living or dead , is purely coincidental . 
 isbn : 978-0-9937646-1-5 for alison i have almost forgot the taste of fears . 
 the time has been my senses would have cool 'd to hear a night shriek , and my fell of hair would at a dismal treatise rouse and stir as life were i n't . 
 i have supp 'd full with horrors ; direness , familiar to my slaughterous thoughts , can not once start me . 
 -- will , macbeth prologue thursday , december 26 , 5:53 p.m. , 2008 dar es salaam , tanzania the assassin stared at the tv set in the hotel room , his face impassive . 
 `` at least twenty-three people have been killed in the duel attacks on the american embassies in nairobi and dar es salaam , '' the suit-and-tie anchorman said . 
 he stood before a video image of the united states embassy emblem . 
 the ticker read : `` breaking news . '' 
 `` our african correspondent , sebastian briers , has the latest from dar es salaam . 
 sebastian , good evening to you . '' 
 the camera jumped to a somber-looking field reporter dressed in khaki pants and a white linen shirt . 
 `` good evening , cary . 
 the attacks , which seem to have involved car or truck bombs , both occurred inside the periphery gates of the embassy compounds . 
 there were , as i believe you said , twenty-three casualties so far counted . 
 eleven of those were here in dar . 
 four are believed to have been the marine security guards stationed at the front gate . 
 witnesses reported hearing a short burst of gunfire , followed by a loud blast , what was likely a grenade attack on the gatehouse . 
 then came a much louder explosion which could be heard miles away . '' 
 the camera jumped again to shaky , low-resolution video footage of the embassy complex . 
 it was crowded with emergency response teams . 
 billowing clouds of black smoke trailed into the air . 
 the anchorman said in voiceover : `` the images you 're seeing were captured on a cell phone immediately after the attack and played on a gulf news channel . 
 but this was not the first time attacks have been carried out on the american embassies in these two countries . 
 exactly ten years ago truck bombs exploded out front -- '' the assassin flicked the channel . 
 `` -- various claims of responsibility have already begun to surface on jihadist websites from groups with al qaeda connections . 
 one has threatened more attacks against american and british interests overseas . 
 despite recent efforts to suppress militant groups , today 's events are a grim reminder that cells are -- '' click . 
 `` -- though it has n't been confirmed by official sources yet , we have just gotten word that american actress scarlett cox and her husband , american billionaire hotel tycoon salvador brazza , were among those kidnapped today in what appears to be a fresh al qaeda tactic . 
 sasha , what do you make of this new approach ? '' 
 `` we can only speculate , nicole . 
 but if you remember the 1998 bombings , of the more than two hundred casualties , only twelve were american . 
 embassies nowadays -- especially these two , which have just been recently rebuilt -- are constructed to withstand bomb blasts . 
 consequently , the majority of those injured are people passing by on the street or workers in the adjacent buildings . 
 so what we 're seeing here seems , as you said , like an entirely new plan of attack . 
 an initial bomb to create as much destruction and confusion as possible before terrorists pour in to take hostages . '' 
 `` a one-two punch . '' 
 `` you got it . 
 and you also have to remember there are literally hundreds of terrorist attacks around the globe every year . 
 the media only covers the biggest ones intensively , and even those get old after a day or two . 
 i mean , does anyone remember much about the attack on the american embassy in islamabad back in july ? 
 on the other hand , when there are hostages involved , the story is often covered until the situation is resolved , like we saw in mumbai in september . 
 so i think that , yes , it is definitely a new strategy we 're seeing here . 
 and whoever turns out to be responsible seems to have hit the jackpot . 
 you could n't have asked for two more high-profile americans short of the president and the first lady themselves . '' 
 `` unfortunately , i would have to agree . 
 thanks , sasha . 
 coming up next , we 'll go live to our freelance correspondent , kim berkoff , who has information on what exactly scarlett cox and salvador brazza were doing in the dar es salaam embassy in the first place -- '' the assassin snapped off the tv and remained sitting on the bed for a long while , thinking . 
 his job , it seemed , had just become a hell of a lot more difficult . 
 chapter 1 sunday , december 22 , 1:44 p.m. los angeles , california four days earlier if scarlett cox knew she would be careening down a forty-foot ravine in the next sixty seconds or so , she probably would have put on her seatbelt . 
 as it was , she was n't clairvoyant , and she pushed the white aston martin vantage up to fifty , fifteen over the limit . 
 she knew she should n't be speeding . 
 she 'd just passed the intersection with mulholland drive , and there were a lot of hairpin turns and potholes coming up . 
 but she felt comfortable behind the wheel of the vantage . 
 the salesman had told her it was a front-mid-engine sports car , which meant the engine was positioned low behind the front axle , just before the cabin , dropping the car 's center of gravity and boosting the handling and traction . 
 besides , she 'd just finished production on her latest film . 
 she was feeling good , liberated . 
 she eked the needle up to fifty-five . 
 keeping one hand on the wheel , she used the other to turn down `` magic carpet ride '' by steppenwolf , which was playing on the radio , loud . 
 was there any other way to listen to music when the top was down ? 
 she scrounged around for her cell phone inside her handbag on the passenger seat . 
 the salesman had also told her the vantage had a bluetooth thing that could sync her phone 's signal with the car 's voice recognition technology and speakers . 
 that was all too knight rider for her , so she checked her voicemail the old-fashioned and illegal way : punching numbers in to the phone 's keypad . 
 three new messages . 
 the first was from her hairstylist , confirming her appointment at two thirty . 
 goodbye blonde , hello red , she thought . 
 the other two were from gloria , her publicist , wanting to clarify details about the birthday party this evening . 
 number thirty . 
 christ . 
 it seemed as though she 'd just celebrated twenty-nine . 
 she pressed end and tossed the phone back in the bag . 
 scarlett swooped around a sharp bend and found herself closing quickly on a black pickup truck . 
 she 'd known her luck was n't going to last forever . 
 traffic on the stretch of laurel canyon boulevard between san fernando valley and west hollywood was sparse in the middle of the afternoon , but going fifty-five in a thirty-five zone , you were bound to run up someone 's tail sooner or later . 
 she thought about passing the pickup , but only for a second . 
 the road was divided by solid double yellow lines . 
 she might speed when she could get away with it , but there were some things she did n't mess with : pit bulls , blondes with chips on their shoulders -- real blondes , which she was not -- and double yellow lines . 
 the pickup was an old chevy with a tall cb antenna poking up from the roof and white silhouettes of women in provocative poses on the mud flaps . 
 the two stickers on the chrome bumper read : `` my other car is a hybrid '' and `` if you can see my mirrors show me ya tits ! '' 
 classy . 
 scarlett slowed to forty , keeping one car length between them . 
 any closer and she 'd likely catch an std . 
 her thoughts turned to her husband , sal , and she realized with apprehension that tonight would be the first time in over a month they would see each other . 
 the time apart had been their marriage counselor 's idea . 
 she 'd said it would do them good . 
 give them perspective on their relationship . 
 admittedly , it had been good for them -- at least it had been good for scarlett . 
 she still had n't forgiven sal for what he 'd done . 
 but she 'd believed him when he said he was committed to saving the marriage , and during their time apart she 'd come to the conclusion she wanted to save it as well . 
 they were n't back to how it had been before , and they likely never would be , but they had gotten out of the mucky waters and were now schlepping their way up onto dry ground . 
 the chevy 's brake lights flashed , tugging scarlett 's wandering mind back to the road . 
 she tapped her brakes and kept pace . 
 another flash . 
 she frowned but did n't slow . 
 they were on a relatively straight stretch of road . 
 then a man 's stringy , tattooed arm extended from the driver 's window . 
 his middle finger uncurled from the fist . 
 scarlett rolled her eyes . 
 nevertheless , she eased back to give the good ole boy his room . 
 the chevy swerved . 
 scarlett thought bubba was playing another game when a large pothole appeared directly in front of her . 
 the vantage thumped up and down , jolting her in the seat and reawakening the migraine which for the past hour or so had settled to a low , dull throb she could almost ignore . 
 she grimaced . 
 sometimes the migraines were mild and bearable . 
 sometimes they made her grind her teeth and rub her head while watching the minute hand on the clock do its rounds , as if that would somehow pass the time more quickly . 
 and sometimes they made her feel as though a little gnome were riding a jackhammer through her skull and into her brain , grinning sadistically the entire time . 
 today had been one of those gnome-on-the-jackhammer days . 
 she reached into the handbag again and fiddled around until she found the aspirin bottle she 'd brought from the trailer on the cbs lot in studio city . 
 she tried to thumb the cap off , but could n't budge it . 
 then she remembered it had one of those safety lids meant to prevent four year olds from developing aspirin habits . 
 she lined the arrow on the cap up with the arrow on the bottle and tried again . 
 this time the cap popped like a firecracker . 
 pills went everywhere . 
 she cursed . 
 when it was one of those days , it was one of those days . 
 she glanced down at the triangular wedge of red leather between her inner thighs . 
 two white tablets were sliding toward the depression her rear was making in the seat . 
 she scooped them up and returned her attention to the road -- her eyes bugged out . 
 her mouth dropped open . 
 a loud , hollow sound filled the air as the vantage exploded through the cable-and-post guardrail . 
 she stamped the brake , but that did nothing . 
 there was no longer any road beneath her . 
 scarlett had the sickening , unnatural sensation of going airborne , and for a split second she thought she must be dreaming , because the reality was too frightening to immediately comprehend . 
 then the hood of the sports car nosed forward . 
 the gray sky disappeared . 
 she opened her mouth to scream , but nothing came out . 
 not a single breath . 
 fear had stolen her voice . 
 this was how she was going to die , a car accident , a statistic . 
 the vantage crashed back to earth with jarring force and plunged wildly down the ravine through a blur of crackling vegetation . 
 then , abruptly , the greenery parted to reveal the black trunk of a massive tree . 
 impact . 
 sunday , december 22 , 9:30 a.m. dubai , united arab emirates `` there are two police officers here to see you , sir , '' salvador brazza 's secretary , lucy , informed him over the intercom . 
 `` did they say what it concerned ? '' 
 `` no , sir , only that it 's urgent . '' 
 `` send them in . '' 
 sal swiveled his high-backed chair to face edward lumpkin , a tall , pale american lawyer who 'd been in dubai for the last six years and oman for four before that . 
 they 'd been discussing the merits of a legal system , free of charge , for future guests of the hotel who were bound to cross cultural taboos while visiting the emirates . 
 `` why do n't you stick around for a few minutes , ed , '' he told the lawyer . 
 `` i might need your advice . '' 
 the door to the office opened , and lucy showed the two police officers inside . 
 sal and lumpkin stood . 
 the taller man introduced himself as brigadier khaled al zafein , the deputy director of the general department of criminal security . 
 he was dressed formally in a peaked cap and a light brown uniform with rank badges on the shirt collar and a red band looping under the left arm and through the left epaulette . 
 the short fat one said he was inspector abu al marri . 
 his beret was cocked rakishly , and he had a smug smile on his ugly moon face . 
 sal disliked him on sight . 
 `` to what do i owe the honor , gentleman ? '' 
 he said without offering them a seat . 
 `` i 'm afraid we have some rather disconcerting news , mr. brazza , '' al zafein said in fluent british english . 
 `` it concerns the fire at the prince hotel earlier this month . '' 
 sal frowned . 
 `` i 've already spoken with the fire investigators . '' 
 `` yes , of course . 
 however , circumstances have changed . 
 new evidence has surfaced that leads us to believe the fire might not be a result of faulty wiring , as initially believed . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` it 's now thought to have been set deliberately . '' 
 `` arson ? '' 
 sal said , unable to conceal his surprise . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 al marri spoke in english as fluent as his superior 's : `` let me begin , mr. brazza , by saying that arson is one of the easiest crimes to perpetrate , but one of the most difficult to identify and verify . '' 
 `` forgive my bluntness , inspector , '' sal said , `` but i do n't need a lesson on arson . '' 
 `` please , sir , if you would allow me to explain ? '' 
 he smiled apologetically . 
 `` generally speaking , investigators begin their investigation of a fire in a v-like pattern , from the area of least damage to that of the most damage , which is usually equated with the point of origin -- and which , in the case of room 6906 of your hotel , was the wall surrounding the electrical socket with the purportedly faulty wiring . '' 
 `` i 'm aware of all this . 
 as i 've said , i 've already spoken to the fire investigators . '' 
 `` please , sir ? '' 
 al marri offered up his practiced smile once more . 
 it squashed his thick mustache between his upper lip and nose , giving the mustache the appearance of a fat , black slug . 
 `` i said the area of the most damage is usually the point of origin . 
 but that is not always the case . 
 there are any number of circumstances that can change the dynamics of the fire . 
 ventilation , for example . 
 or fuel load . 
 or the unique characteristics of the environment in question . 
 even the water and foam used by the firefighters can confuse typical burn pattern interpretation . 
 in many cases -- as was the case with room 6906 -- the fire can reach the post-flashover stage , whereby it gets hot enough to destroy vital evidence and mimic the effects that can be caused by ignitable liquids , such as charred patterns on the subfloors , and concrete spalling . 
 what is my point in all this ? '' 
 he opened his small , neat hands , as if in prayer . 
 `` it has recently come to our attention that one of the first firefighters through the door claims to have seen black smoke near the electrical socket in question . 
 now , wood and most other combustible items in room 6906 burn brown-gray smoke . 
 accelerants -- including chemicals with low ignition temperatures such as gasoline , kerosene , and alcohol -- burn black . 
 in light of this new information , the investigators were forced to take a second look at the evidence . 
 they reassessed their original conclusion of faulty wiring in favor of the theory that someone had been trying to make it look like an electrical fire . '' 
 sal gave himself a few seconds to let this information sink in , a kind of delayed bewilderment washing over him . 
 `` i do n't get it , '' he said . 
 `` why would someone want to set a fire ? 
 the hotel was -- still is -- unoccupied . 
 why would someone want to burn it down ? '' 
 `` according to your statement , '' al marri said , `` not all the rooms were unoccupied . '' 
 `` of course they were -- '' sal clamped his mouth shut . 
 the hotel had n't been completely unoccupied . 
 he had been staying in it for most of december , in the royal suite , which was on the seventieth floor , directly above 6906 . 
 the night of the fire the alarm had woken him at 4:12 a.m. by the time he 'd gotten dressed , the stairwell had been full of smoke . 
 he could n't go down , so he went up , to the roof . 
 fifteen minutes later his ex-mossad security chief , danny zamir , picked him up in a helicopter and got him the hell out of there . 
 from the air he had a clear view of the blaze , which by then had consumed the top two floors and the one-hundred-foot script sign . 
 if danny had been even a few minutes later , he knew he likely would n't have made it . 
 `` so you 're telling me someone was trying to murder me , inspector ? '' 
 sal shook his head . 
 `` forgive my skepticism , gentlemen . 
 i find that extremely difficult to believe . '' 
 `` we have already ruled out the motive of financial gain , '' al marri said . 
 `` that leaves either random violence or pyro-terrorism or revenge . '' 
 `` do you know of anyone who might have some sort of vendetta against you , mr. brazza ? '' 
 al zafein asked . 
 `` i 'm not in the business of speculation , mr. zafein . '' 
 `` you should know , sir , '' al marri added gravely , `` that this has become an attempted murder investigation . 
 it would be in everyone 's best interest to get it solved . '' 
 `` i 'm not a crook , inspector . 
 nor do i associate myself with criminals . '' 
 al marri glanced briefly at the deputy general , then returned his attention to sal . 
 `` i am sure you are a very busy man , sir . '' 
 he handed sal a business card . 
 `` if you should think of anything , anything at all , please do not hesitate to contact me . '' 
 the two police officers left . 
 edward lumpkin shifted in his seat , his gangly arms folded across his chest , his face pulled down in thought . 
 `` christ , sal . 
 i do n't know what to say . '' 
 `` will this have any impact on the hotel 's opening ? '' 
 `` hard to say , but i 'd keep an eye on the reservations during the first few weeks of operation . 
 an attempted murder in the hotel could potentially turn off a lot of families . 
 thankfully , that 's not our core demographic . '' 
 `` this is going to be a bloody circus . '' 
 `` i heard what you told the cops , sal . 
 but be straight with me . 
 can you think of anyone who might have a bone to pick with you ? '' 
 `` everybody has enemies , ed . '' 
 `` but someone serious enough to , you know , want you dead ? '' 
 sal did n't reply . 
 `` could it be a union thing ? '' 
 lumpkin asked suddenly . 
 when sal went non-union with the prince last summer , labor picketed and sent death threats . 
 one had threatened to blow up after taxes , his $ 60-million , 155-foot yacht docked over at the marine club , while another had promised to gouge out his eyes while he slept . 
 `` these union guys , they talk the talk , '' sal said simply . 
 `` but they 're neither inclined nor capable of pulling off something like this . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` if you 'll excuse me , ed , i have some calls i need to make . 
 write up what we discussed , and we 'll get together again next week . '' 
 when lumpkin left , sal called his security chief , danny zamir , and summarized the last twenty minutes . 
 `` i want you to find out everything you can , '' he concluded . 
 `` understood ? '' 
 `` yeah , capo , '' danny said . 
 `` understood . '' 
 sal hung up and gazed out the bank of windows overlooking dubai 's business bay , the city state 's latest multibillion dollar project . 
 as he watched a crane atop an ambitious skyscraper swivel to the east , he thought about everything the two cops had told him . 
 someone wanted him dead . 
 the intercom on his desk buzzed . 
 he punched the talk button . 
 `` what is it , lucy ? '' 
 `` the car 's waiting to take you to the airport . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 he shrugged on his blazer , grabbed his briefcase , and left the office . 
 he suddenly could n't wait to get out of dubai . 
 chapter 2 scarlett opened her eyes . 
 brightness . 
 god , it was so bright it hurt . 
 she tried to piece together where she was , but her thoughts were groggy and uncooperative . 
 she could smell traces of disinfectant and iodine , and then she could make out shapes . 
 she was lying on her back in a bed -- a mechanized bed with those side railings so you did n't fall out . 
 beside her stood a blood-pressure monitor and an iv pole . 
 a tube led from the bag hanging on the pole to a needle that disappeared into a vein in her right forearm . 
 okay , so she was in a hospital . 
 and it appeared to be a very nice hospital , evident by the polished laminate flooring , high-gloss maple walls , and large-screen tv . 
 even the linen on the bed was of high quality . 
 the door to the bathroom was ajar , and she could see gleaming blue-and-gray tile work , more maple , and faux-granite countertops . 
 there were no flowers or cards on the side table . 
 she took that to mean either one of two things . 
 she 'd only just arrived , and no one had gotten wind of whatever had happened to her . 
 or she 'd been in a coma for a hell of a long time , and everyone had given up on her long ago . 
 scarlett wiggled her toes . 
 they moved . 
 she raised a hand to her head and felt a bandage , which her fingers probed . 
 a spot in the center of her forehead was sore and tender . 
 what had happened ? 
 had she been mugged ? 
 shot ? 
 stabbed ? 
 in a car accident -- ? 
 it all came back to her in a rush of images : laurel canyon boulevard , bursting through the guardrail , her stomach in her throat as she plummeted to the ground . 
 she remembered the crushing landing , bouncing wildly out of control down the ravine , the tree ... but i 'm alive . 
 the door to the room opened and sal strolled in with his head down , his eyes glued to a story below the fold of the wall street journal . 
 seeing him , scarlett felt a burst of gratitude and affection . 
 he was here , back from dubai . 
 if she had the strength , she would have jumped up and hugged him . 
 he wore a crisp white shirt and navy merino wool suit , one of his made-to-measures from appointment-only william fioravanti in manhattan . 
 it was something al capone might have fancied had he been around today . 
 in fact , she often kidded sal that he resembled an italian gangster . 
 he had short-cropped black hair , hazel eyes , and a generous roman nose . 
 and he was sicilian , which sort of sealed the deal . 
 `` scarlett ! '' 
 he said , tossing the paper onto one of the leather chairs and rushing over . 
 he knelt beside the bed and took her hand . 
 `` la mia bella donna . '' 
 after so long apart , the feel of his touch and the sound of his voice and the smell of his cologne all hit her like a truck , smashing through the cobwebs in her head , and she realized suddenly just how close she 'd come to never experiencing any of those sensations ever again . 
 the reality of her situation sank in with numbing force . 
 she 'd been in a car accident , one bad enough to knock her unconscious and land her in the hospital . 
 she felt very fragile . 
 life felt very fragile . 
 `` is that all i am to you ? '' 
 she said , teasing him , happy to find she could speak . 
 `` beautiful ? '' 
 her throat was dry . 
 the words were a papery whisper . 
 `` what else is an actress but a pretty face to look at ? '' 
 she wanted to laugh , but a sob escaped instead . 
 a tear tripped down her cheek . 
 `` sal ... '' she swallowed , tried to work up saliva . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 she did n't know . 
 for speeding ? 
 for not paying attention to the road ? 
 for all the terrible things she 'd said to him after discovering the affair ? 
 she shook her head . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` groggy . 
 but okay , i think . 
 am i okay ? '' 
 `` you 're fine . '' 
 relief swamped her , and something inside her chest that had been very tight loosened . 
 `` what about this ? '' 
 she touched the bandages around her head . 
 `` it 's just a bump . '' 
 `` how long have i been here ? 
 what time is it ? '' 
 she glanced toward the window . 
 the blinds were drawn . 
 no sunlight slipped in between the cracks . 
 `` you came in this afternoon . 
 it 's about midnight now . '' 
 less than twelve hours . 
 not as bad as she 'd feared . 
 `` how long have you been here ? '' 
 `` a couple hours . 
 i would have gotten here sooner , but we ran into some bad weather over the atlantic and had to detour . '' 
 scarlett frowned . 
 there was something she was missing here . 
 something about sal coming back to la , coming for -- `` my birthday ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` the party ! '' 
 `` do n't worry about that . 
 gloria 's taking care of it . '' 
 scarlett groaned . 
 her actual birthday was on december 13 , nine days earlier . 
 but because of filming she 'd postponed the celebration to today . 
 she usually did n't make a fuss over birthdays , but this one , number thirty , was big , up there in importance with sixteen and twenty-one , the last big fun one until you seriously began dreading them . 
 over two hundred invitations had gone out . 
 every actor who had made the headlines within the past six months would have been there -- not to mention executives from hbo , castle rock , warner , and all the other big studios . 
 sal had invited the mayor of la and the former vice president , both of whom were his close friends . 
 on top of the who 's who guest list , a tabloid paper had paid her $ 2.5 million to photograph the event , the money of which was supposed to go to one of her charities . 
 `` i 'm such an idiot , '' she said , shaking her head and instantly regretting doing so as pain flamed beneath the bandage . 
 she put a hand to the sore spot . 
 `` i 've ruined everything . '' 
 the door to the room opened again . 
 this time a fiftyish doctor with a graying beard and a ponytail entered . 
 scarlett had seen plenty of men sporting ponytails before , of course . 
 just never a doctor . 
 she was n't sure what to make of it . 
 it was like your doctor having tattoos -- or worse , a bowtie . 
 `` hello , bill , '' sal said , standing and shaking the doctor 's hand . 
 `` scarlett , this is dr. blair , the neurologist who looked you over when you came in . '' 
 `` welcome to cedars-sinai , miss cox , '' he said , coming to stand before the bed . 
 `` cedars ? 
 i thought i was in the beverly hilton . '' 
 `` not everyone gets a private room , miss cox . 
 you can thank your husband for arranging that . '' 
 he shifted the clipboard from his left hand to the right one . 
 `` i 'm sure you 've noticed the bandage around your head . 
 you hit it pretty hard in the accident -- hard enough to have lost consciousness for several hours at any rate . 
 your forehead will likely be sore for a few days . 
 but , as i 've told your husband , the x-rays and ct scan came back clean . 
 no fractures or hematoma , which is a good thing . 
 how do you feel ? '' 
 `` a little groggy , '' she said . 
 `` any dizziness or nausea ? '' 
 `` not now . '' 
 `` as opposed to ? '' 
 `` earlier this morning . 
 i get migraines . '' 
 he scratched some notes down on the clipboard . 
 `` how often do you get them ? '' 
 `` a couple times a week . '' 
 `` how long have you been having them ? '' 
 `` a few months . '' 
 more notes . 
 `` any change in diet ? 
 change in sleeping habits ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` are you drinking any more coffee or alcohol than usual ? '' 
 `` no , no . 
 it 's none of that . 
 it 's just stress . 
 from work -- and other things . 
 my life 's been a little hectic recently . '' 
 dr. blair nodded , but did n't say anything right away . 
 scarlett found herself wondering whether he knew about her and sal 's marital problems . 
 god knows the affair had been played to death on all the television entertainment channels , including several respectable news outfits . 
 not that she cared if he did know . 
 she 'd long ago become desensitized to what the general public thought of her personal life . 
 `` welcome to the jungle , '' her agent had told her six years back when she was still starry-eyed after her first big feature film success . 
 dr. blair said , `` are you feeling any nausea now ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` can you touch your nose ? '' 
 she did what he asked . 
 he held a finger in front of her face . 
 `` follow my finger , please . '' 
 he moved his index finger left , then right . 
 `` any blurred vision ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 he straightened . 
 `` it does n't seem you have any post-concussion symptoms . 
 but i 'd like to keep you overnight for observation . 
 i believe the police would also like to get a statement from you . 
 after that , in the morning , you should be good to leave . 
 however , '' he added , `` i want you to take it easy . 
 that means nothing stressful for the next seven to ten days . 
 understood ? 
 `` impossible , '' she said . 
 `` i have too much to do . '' 
 her mind was already fast-forwarding to the weekend . 
 the calls and apologies she 'd have to make . 
 rebooking the venue for the party , sending out fresh invitations , the appearance monday on good morning america ... `` miss cox , '' dr. blair said . 
 `` you said so yourself . 
 you believe stress has been triggering your recent spate of migraines . 
 that sounds reasonable to me . 
 on top of that , you 've just been in a serious car accident . 
 you 've suffered a mild to moderate traumatic brain injury . 
 true , you seem to be doing fine . 
 but any sort of tbi should be taken seriously . 
 just because you 're not currently exhibiting certain symptoms does n't mean they wo n't emerge tomorrow , or the day after that . 
 and the best prevention against that is to take a break , relax , slow down . '' 
 `` i really do n't think -- '' `` i 'll keep an eye on her , '' sal cut in . 
 `` make sure you do . 
 now , i have to continue my rounds . 
 a nurse will be in shortly . '' 
 they thanked dr. blair , and he left the room . 
 scarlett looked skeptically at sal . 
 `` you do n't really think i need to sit around the house for a week , do you ? '' 
 `` you heard the man , cara mia . 
 you need to relax . 
 whatever you have to do can wait . '' 
 he took her hand in his again and rubbed the top of it with his thumb . 
 `` it 's good to see you . '' 
 she wanted to tell him the same , but she bit back the words . 
 she did n't want to confuse her gratitude at surviving the car accident with her still uncertain feelings for him . 
 unable to meet his eyes , she looked down at the hand holding hers . 
 it was tanned , strong , manicured nails , platinum wedding band on the ring finger . 
 `` listen , '' sal said , clearing his throat . 
 `` what about we take a trip somewhere ? '' 
 scarlett raised her eyebrows in surprise . 
 `` you mean , just you and me ? '' 
 `` sure , '' he said , pushing up his bottom lip . 
 if lips could shrug , that 's how they 'd do it . 
 `` i do n't think that 's such a good idea right now , sal . '' 
 `` i meant what i said about getting through this . 
 i want this marriage to work . '' 
 `` i want it to work too , i really do , but i do n't think the next step is us vacationing together . '' 
 `` but it is , '' he insisted . 
 `` it 's exactly what we need . '' 
 she searched his eyes . 
 `` what about the hotel ? '' 
 she said cautiously . 
 `` the opening ? '' 
 `` i 'll have my phone . 
 i 'll keep in touch with the office . '' 
 `` i do n't know -- '' `` it 'll be good for you . '' 
 `` humor me then . 
 what do you have in mind ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` something private , away from the crowd . '' 
 `` the caribbean ? '' 
 `` and lie around on a beach ? '' 
 `` well ? '' 
 `` what about a safari ? '' 
 he suggested . 
 she was surprised . 
 `` as in africa ? '' 
 `` dubai 's on the same clock as kenya , or tanzania . 
 if there 's an emergency , and i have to get back for whatever reason , it 's only a couple hours flight . 
 you could come . 
 check out the hotel . 
 the movers and decorators are finishing up this week . '' 
 scarlett considered it . 
 in her head she saw an acacia tree silhouetted against a sapphire sunset . 
 giraffes and zebras and elephants gathered at a watering hole . 
 antelope grazing on the savanna . 
 elegant game resorts and tented camps . 
 it sounded nice . 
 she could almost hear elton john singing `` circle of life . '' 
 `` all right , '' she said , warming to the idea . 
 `` i 'm game . '' 
 monday , december 23 , 11:11 p.m. london , england like the devil , the fugu was known by many names -- blowfish , puffer fish , globefish , balloon fish , toadfish , more . 
 the second most poisonous vertebrate in the world , it was a nasty piece of work , its neurotoxin ten thousand times more deadly than cyanide . 
 if ingested , the poison numbed the lips and tongue , induced vomiting and muscle paralysis , and eventually caused death from suffocation . 
 if you somehow survived , chances were good you 'd end up in a prolonged coma , cruelly conscious of everything happening around you , a kind of hell on earth . 
 the irishman damien fitzgerald had one such fugu on the cutting board in the kitchen , cold and dead . 
 he picked up what the japanese called a fugu hiki -- a thin , single-edged carbon blade -- and removed the eyes . 
 he sliced a circle around the mouth , stuck his fingers into the incision , and peeled back the skin . 
 it came off cleanly , like the shell off a hardboiled egg . 
 a jelly-like substance coated the denuded meat . 
 he scrubbed it away with water and salt . 
 gutting the sucker was the tricky part . 
 most of the neurotoxin was contained in the liver and ovaries . 
 if you ruptured either , the poison would seep through your skin and into your flesh . 
 so very slowly , with the precision and dexterity of a surgeon , he removed the internal organs and filleted what remained of the meat into thin strips , cutting upward against the bone . 
 afterward he placed the sashimi onto a plate and poured himself a glass of a ’96 domaine laroche chablis . 
 before he could sit down and enjoy his dinner , however , his computer beeped . 
 fitzgerald popped a piece of the fish into his mouth -- it was gelatinous but not fishy tasting -- and entered the study , where the floor-to-ceiling bookcases were filled with thousands of books on the history of warfare . 
 he was going through the centuries in chronological order , a hobby he 'd begun shortly after his wife and eight-year-old daughter were brutally murdered nine years ago . 
 he 'd started with the battle of megiddo in 1469 bc -- or bce , if you cared to be politically correct -- and was currently up to the battle of talasa in 751 ad , a conflict between the arabs and the chinese for control of a major river in central asia . 
 the chinese lost , which was a shame for them . 
 had they won , central asia today might have been chinese , not muslim . 
 the computer , a macbook , was on the desk in the corner . 
 he sat down in front of it and logged into specially encrypted software . 
 he had one new email message : how 's my favorite assassin , redstone ? 
 if you 're not keeping up , the fbi is still holding its collective dick over the last job . 
 all they 've got is the killer wears size 12 loafers . 
 next time do n't step in the fucking blood , yes ? 
 see the attachment , per usual . 
 there 's good news and bad news . 
 bad news -- the first guy we used fucked up , so you 're cleanup on this one . 
 the good news -- the mark 's going to africa for a few days , which , if you 're quick , should make things a little easier than usual . 
 shit happens in africa , right ? 
 good luck , god bless . 
 m. fitzgerald spent the next several hours going over the information he 'd been sent . 
 then he booked the first flight leaving for tanzania the following morning . 
 chapter 3 tuesday , december 24 , 10:01 a.m. arusha , tanzania `` when would you like me to pick you up ? '' 
 asked the guide , a native of zanzibar . 
 he was small , bald , quick to smile , and dressed exactly how scarlett thought a safari guide should dress . 
 khaki shorts , an olive vest with about twenty pockets on it , and a cotton twill bush hat . 
 he 'd met scarlett and sal at kilimanjaro international airport forty minutes ago before driving them to arusha , the first and last stop of any size before they reached the lodge atop the volcanic caldera . 
 `` come back in an hour , '' sal told him . 
 once the guide wheeled the big land rover away into traffic , sal and scarlett were immediately swarmed by a dozen men , each toting the cheapest safari package in town . 
 they explained repeatedly that they were not interested . 
 the street hawks were by degrees obstinate , indignant , but finally resigned . 
 `` good god , '' sal said , straightening his blazer . 
 `` it 's what they do , '' scarlett said . 
 `` it 's barbaric . '' 
 he shaded his eyes with his hand against the morning sun . 
 `` there should be a supermarket somewhere nearby . 
 i 'll get the supplies . 
 why do n't you browse around and meet back here in , say , thirty minutes ? '' 
 scarlett agreed and sal left , waving off a new group of vultures that had descended upon him . 
 scarlett took a moment to get her bearings . 
 she was standing at the base of a white-trimmed clock tower , surrounded by belching trucks , taxis , and an eclectic mix of locals and khaki-clad tourists . 
 on the drive into the city the buildings had been rickety wooden things with tin roofs . 
 here , in the government district of the cbd , most were concrete , painted various shades of washed-out white , blue , yellow , and red . 
 almost all of them were plastered with gaudy , dated advertising . 
 she started down what a street sign announced was sokoine road , storing the name away in case she got lost . 
 she passed tailor shops filled with row after row of sewing machines and kiosks selling candies and phone cards . 
 women with perfect postures balanced fruit or baskets on their heads while men led their cattle and other livestock . 
 children played in the alleyways with toys fashioned out of string and empty bottles . 
 she even spotted a couple native masai warriors dressed in their checkered regalia and holding long spears . 
 from somewhere in the distance came the toxic smell of burning garbage . 
 all in all , scarlett 's first impression of arusha was that of a tourist-hungry frontier town -- africa 's twenty-first century equivalent of the wild west . 
 it was fascinating and exotic and a little intimidating all at the same time . 
 on the next block she came to what appeared to be the central marketplace . 
 a few hundred cages containing squawking chickens and roosters surrounded the entranceway . 
 beyond them , inside the tented structure , the maze of stalls was filled with everything imaginable . 
 sandals soled with tire tread grips , colorful cotton kangas , traditional medicines , vividly colored vegetables , you name it . 
 some people were sucking baobab seeds and tamarind-like sweets . 
 others offered to guide her around for a private tour , probably looking for a tip . 
 she politely declined . 
 if she started doling out money , she 'd never leave the place in one piece . 
 while she wandered up and down the aisles , merchants tried to lure her to their stalls with shouts of `` karibu ! '' 
 and `` hello friend ! '' 
 scarlett waved , flashed the smile she usually reserved for the paparazzi , and felt irrationally guilty for not stopping at each . 
 once she did a big loop and was returning to the main entrance , she paused at a display selling beads , woodcarvings , and jewelry on which the outline of the african continent had been painted . 
 she pantomimed a ring around her finger . 
 `` rings ? '' 
 she said , to clarify . 
 the old woman behind the counter -- she must have been sixty-five or seventy , well above the life expectancy in the country -- nodded eagerly . 
 she plucked from her wares not a ring but an ugly steel pendant with a black string attached to it . 
 she cracked the thing in half and dropped it in scarlett 's cupped hands . 
 scarlett was surprised to find it housed a tiny compass . 
 she turned left , then right . 
 the needle spun accordingly . 
 the woman punched 3000 into a calculator , obviously tanzanian shillings . 
 `` do you take american money ? '' 
 she pulled a ten from her wallet . 
 the woman snatched the bill and tucked it away inside her clothing . 
 she smiled at scarlett , revealing a mouthful of crooked and broken teeth . 
 scarlett smiled back . 
 several seconds passed before it became apparent that no change was forthcoming . 
 she had never been very good at bartering , but that exchange felt more like highway robbery . 
 still , the old woman was happy -- which she should be . 
 ten dollars was likely ten days of wages for her . 
 scarlett left the market and found sal back at the clock tower . 
 a zippered sports bag was at his feet . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 she asked , pointing to the bag . 
 `` the supplies , '' he said . 
 `` they do n't use plastic bags here ? '' 
 `` guess not . 
 i had to buy the damn thing . '' 
 he nodded toward a small café across the street . 
 `` why do n't we eat there ? 
 then we 'll be able to see the guide when he returns . '' 
 they got a table on the patio in the shade of the awning and ordered eggs , coffee , and a platter of fruit . 
 the coffees came first . 
 while scarlett was sipping hers -- milk , no sugar -- she saw a woman pass in front of the café , carrying two plastic bags stuffed with groceries . 
 she chuckled to herself . 
 `` you mind sharing ? '' 
 sal said , looking at her curiously . 
 when he saw what had amused her , his face darkened and he stood . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 `` to get my money back . '' 
 `` please , sal . 
 you 're going to go all the way back to the supermarket to argue over a two dollar bag you bought , or however much it cost ? '' 
 `` it 's the principal behind it . '' 
 `` if you do , i 'll mention it during my next interview . 
 they 'll love it -- billionaire scrooge . '' 
 sal hesitated , but sat back down . 
 scarlett studied him . 
 what was on his mind ? 
 he 'd been gung-ho about this safari , this stage for reconciliation , when they had discussed it at cedars-sinai hospital . 
 but ever since -- back home , where he 'd slept in one of the guest bedrooms , in the car , on the plane -- he 'd been quiet , detached even . 
 was he second-guessing coming on this getaway with her ? 
 having doubts about the whole process of working things out ? 
 or did his surly mood have more to do with his work ? 
 perhaps he was more concerned with the prince tower opening than he was letting on . 
 after all , the biggest economic downturn since the great depression was n't the best time to be launching a $ 1.5-billion hotel with rooms that ranged from $ 800 to $ 30,000 a night . 
 she was about to ask him this when he leaned back in his chair and said , `` you know , i do n't understand why western imperialism has gotten such a bad rap . '' 
 he was staring past her to the dirty street , the paint-peeled buildings . 
 `` how can advancing law and order , reforming health and education , implementing a modern economy be a bad thing ? '' 
 `` because it was n't ours to change , '' she said . 
 `` how would you feel , sal , if some hotshot came in and instigated major changes in your company ? '' 
 `` that would be impossible , cara mia , since i 'm both ceo and chairman . '' 
 scarlett smiled despite herself . 
 his playful arrogance was one of the things she 'd missed most about him during their separation . 
 `` we literally flattened japan , '' sal went on . 
 `` but look at them sixty years later . 
 they 're the world 's second largest economy . 
 look at this place after sixty years of self-rule . 
 they 've gone backward . 
 barely one in ten tanzanians has electricity or a flushing toilet . 
 look beyond this relatively affluent city to the wars and famine , genocide , disease , human rights abuses , and military dictatorships that plague nearly every corner of the continent . 
 did you see the international criminal tribunal for rwanda ? 
 it 's right down the street . 
 we passed it coming in . '' 
 the waiter returned with their breakfast . 
 scarlett tried the eggs , which were greasy but good . 
 she sucked on a piece of pineapple . 
 `` what about self-determination ? '' 
 she said . 
 she knew she could n't win this argument . 
 one of sal 's causes was africa , just as hers was ending the wars in afghanistan and iraq . 
 `` self-determination ? '' 
 he smiled thinly . 
 `` what good is self-determination when your leaders are corrupt despots ? 
 at least when the british sent money to the colonial civil service , the englishmen in charge spent it according to design . 
 contrary to that , the majority of foreign aid poured into sub-sahara africa since the fifties has leaked back west as capital flight -- mainly to the swiss bank accounts of the ruling elite . '' 
 `` it 's not as simple as that -- '' `` no , it 's not , '' he quipped . 
 `` what is simple is to blame all of africa 's problems on colonialism , apartheid , globalization , multi-nationalism . '' 
 he finally turned his attention to his plate . 
 he cut a slice of egg white and set it atop a piece of dry brown toast . 
 he cut the toast , speared it with his fork , and stuck the bite-sized piece in his mouth . 
 `` all i 'm saying , '' he concluded with uncharacteristic snappishness , `` is that things have gone to hell here . 
 the people of africa were better off under the british and the french , the germans and the portuguese . '' 
 scarlett set down her fork and knife , convinced there was something weighing heavily on his mind , something that had nothing to do with their marriage . 
 `` if you need to get back to the office , sal , i understand . 
 we can postpone this safari . 
 i 'll fly back to la in the morning -- '' `` i 'm not going back to the office , and we 're not postponing anything . '' 
 he dabbed his lips with a paper napkin and stood . 
 `` take your time eating . 
 i 'm going to stretch my legs . 
 it 's a three-hour drive to ngorongoro crater . '' 
 scarlett watched sal walk down the sidewalk until he disappeared from view . 
 she pushed her plate away from her , leaned back in her chair , and sipped her coffee thoughtfully . 
 damien fitzgerald spotted the sign for the travel company , a red-and-yellow thing that filled the entire second-floor window of a brick building on mikocheni coca cola road . 
 he did n't know why someone would name a road after coca cola . 
 maybe the city 's first coke bottling shop used to be on this street . 
 or maybe the guy whose job it was to name streets was drinking a coke when he got to this one . 
 fitzgerald did n't care one way or another . 
 all that mattered was that he 'd finally found the office for magic africa safari . 
 after landing in julius nyerere international airport , he 'd browsed the internet for all the safari companies in dar es salaam that serviced tanzania 's northern safari circuit . 
 there had been several dozen . 
 the addition of the keyword `` luxury '' narrowed the search significantly . 
 he wrote down the telephone numbers and addresses of the ten most expensive companies . 
 he did n't think salvador brazza would settle for anything less . 
 it turned out he was right . 
 he hit the money on the third outfit he called . 
 yes , salvador brazza and scarlett cox had booked a safari with them , the woman on the phone had said . 
 but no , she could not provide any details . 
 it was prohibited by management . 
 bollocks to management , fitzgerald thought once more . 
 what was the big deal with giving out some information ? 
 it was just an itinerary he wanted . 
 was it because brazza 's wife was a celebrity ? 
 did she receive special treatment ? 
 probably . 
 bloody actors . 
 so instead of getting the information he wanted neat and tidy over the phone , he 'd been forced to drive around dar for the past forty-five minutes , searching for the travel company . 
 dar was a big city with a lot of one-way streets and mindless pedestrians . 
 needless to say , he was no longer in a very good mood . 
 he swung the rented toyota land cruiser to the curb and parked behind an idling meat truck . 
 he got out , the heat hitting him like a blast from an open oven . 
 it was the middle of the summer below the equator . 
 he crossed the street and entered a brick office building . 
 the lobby was small but well-maintained with polished floor tiles , a potted plant , and an imitation leather sofa . 
 the number between the up and down buttons on the bronze elevator plate read 4 . 
 he pressed up and waited . 
 the stainless steel doors had a bright annealed finish in which he could see his reflection . 
 at sixty-one , he was as tall and lean as he 'd been at thirty , if slightly softer around the waist . 
 his graying hair had receded into a well-defined widow 's peak while white stubble textured his sharp jawline . 
 seeing himself now , he thought he looked absurdly how someone in his line of work was supposed to look . 
 that , of course , was because he knew what his line of work was . 
 to a stranger on the street , he could just as easily have passed as a fit university professor , or a lawyer . 
 a chime announced the cab 's arrival . 
 he took it up to the second floor . 
 the doors opened directly into the travel company . 
 a long counter lined with neat piles of magazines and flyers separated the customer area from the employee area . 
 a wwf poster on one wall showed a sea turtle swimming in marine-blue water . 
 the caption read : `` warning : it is illegal to kill turtles in fiji . '' 
 fitzgerald wondered how many east africans were flying ten thousand miles away to fiji to kill turtles . 
 in the employee area two black men clicked away at their computers , while a white woman was wading through a sheaf of papers with a fluorescent yellow highlighter . 
 the woman saw fitzgerald , smiled , and approached the counter . 
 she was dressed in maroon slacks and a cream blouse . 
 a colorful silk scarf was knotted around her neck . 
 it was just like the one around his own neck , only his was mud brown , and he did n't think she was wearing hers to conceal a six-inch-long scar . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 she asked him in the same south african voice he 'd heard over the phone . 
 he took off his sunglasses and hooked them on the v-neck of his black t-shirt . 
 `` i called earlier , '' he said , the words coming out raspy , like a man who smoked three packs of cigarettes a day . 
 he 'd been speaking like that for the better part of thirty years , ever since he 'd been garroted and left for dead in the hills of northern ireland . 
 `` i asked for salvador brazza 's itinerary . '' 
 her smile faltered . 
 `` i told you . 
 we can not give out that information . '' 
 `` yes , you can . '' 
 `` no , we ca n't . '' 
 fitzgerald withdrew the glock 17 from the holster beneath his jacket . 
 the barrel was outfitted with a gemtech threaded suppressor . 
 he pointed the pistol at her face . 
 `` yes , you can , '' he repeated . 
 she froze . 
 the two men at the computers jumped to their feet . 
 `` stay still , '' fitzgerald warned them without taking his eyes off the woman . 
 she was young , early twenties , just a girl really , somewhat pretty . 
 her eyes were wide , her cheeks flushed , her heart probably racing . 
 the funny thing about fear was that it produced the exact same symptoms as excitement , the only difference being the addition of willingness to the latter . 
 `` i would like salvador brazza 's itinerary . '' 
 she did n't move . 
 he nodded to her computer . 
 `` go on , lass . 
 go print it off . '' 
 still did n't move . 
 he slapped the counter . 
 `` go on ! '' 
 that broke her paralysis . 
 she hurried to her desk and fiddled with the mouse . 
 her hand shook badly . 
 the older of the two men said , `` you do n't need a gun , man . 
 put away the gun . 
 we 'll give you whatever you want . 
 just take it easy , hey ? '' 
 there was always a hero . 
 fitzgerald pointed the glock at the hero and squeezed the trigger . 
 the term `` silencer '' was a misnomer because you could never truly silence the report of a gunshot . 
 but you could suppress it . 
 now the suppressed shot made only a soft pop . 
 a purple dot appeared in the man 's forehead , leaking a line of blood . 
 he toppled backward . 
 the woman screamed . 
 the second man bolted for the back door . 
 fitzgerald fired three rounds into his back . 
 the impact threw him forward onto his chest . 
 `` shut up , '' he said to the girl . 
 she stopped screaming , though her mouth was quivering , as if she was keeping it closed by force of will alone . 
 `` did you print the itinerary ? '' 
 she hunkered down over the keyboard and hit a few keys . 
 she made a frustrated noise , like she 'd screwed something up . 
 her hands were shaking worse than ever . 
 then the freestanding laser printer in the corner clicked and hummed and spat out a sheet of paper into the tray . 
 `` go get it , '' he told her . 
 she went to the printer , retrieved the single piece of paper , and brought it back . 
 the flush had drained from her cheeks , leaving her face an alabaster white . 
 her mouth was still quivering , and she was making small , pathetic noises . 
 she was no longer very attractive . 
 fitzgerald snatched the paper from her hand and gave it a quick scan . 
 it was what he wanted . 
 `` if you had given me this information over the phone , '' he told her , `` none of this would have happened . '' 
 `` please do n't kill me . '' 
 `` why did n't you give me the fecking information over the phone ? '' 
 `` management prohibits it . '' 
 `` management 's dead , lass . '' 
 `` please do n't shoot me . '' 
 `` was it because scarlett cox is a celebrity ? 
 is that the reason ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` is that why you would n't give me the itinerary ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't understand . 
 what ? '' 
 he shot her twice in the chest . 
 she collapsed to the floor , dead . 
 it was her own bloody fault . 
 fitzgerald slid across the counter and searched the men for their wallets , collecting a combined grand total of twenty-five thousand shillings -- or about ten quid . 
 the girl had what looked like a real half-carat diamond on her engagement finger , which he took . 
 he did n't see her handbag , but he did n't bother searching for it . 
 he cleared out the register to complete the robbery-gone-wrong scenario , then left through the back door , where he discovered a gray-painted stairwell . 
 he holstered the glock beneath his jacket , slipped on his sunglasses , and skipped down the stairs to street level , whistling an old irish tune as he went . 
 chapter 4 `` is that it , silly ? '' 
 scarlett asked the guide as she peered out the window of the land rover at the volcanic caldera in the distance . 
 it was rocky and huge and , well , permanent , like it had been there forever . 
 according to sal , the lodge where they were spending the night was perched right up on the rim , overlooking the crater . 
 she could n't wait to check out the view . 
 `` yes , '' silly told her . 
 `` ngorongoro crater . '' 
 his name was sirily , pronounced `` cereal , '' but he said he preferred silly . 
 she went with it . 
 `` how much longer until we get to the lodge ? '' 
 sal asked . 
 scarlett patted his thigh reassuringly . 
 he 'd had an upset stomach for the past half hour or so , a result , he believed , of the fruit at the café in arusha . 
 she wished there was something she could do for him . 
 she 'd had a bad case of food poisoning while in the bahamas last winter , and she 'd spent two full days in bed , barely able to muster the strength to sit up . 
 `` not long , '' silly told him . 
 `` i can pull over if you would like ? '' 
 `` no , '' sal grunted . 
 `` then i will stop at the next village . '' 
 `` no , '' sal repeated . 
 `` just get us to the lodge . '' 
 they fell silent after that . 
 scarlett spent the time staring out the window , captivated by the scenery . 
 the sky was big and blue , the grasslands flat and endless . 
 it made her wonder what early man had thought when he came down from the trees and was confronted with this new and alien world full of opportunity and danger . 
 they zipped through the farming country of karatu and oldeani , which was dotted with farmers and their oxen , then began the ascent into the crater highlands . 
 the dusty landscape became greener , the road steeper and steeper . 
 silly identified some of the local birds for them , which included carmine bee-eaters , recognizable by their black eye masks , and brilliant malachite-colored rollers , which stayed closer to the ground , searching for grasshoppers and snails and whatever else they found good to eat . 
 halfway up the forested slope they arrived at loduare gate , the entrance to ngorongoro conservation area . 
 there were no flashing lights or music or fanfare in any way , just a little hut and a sweaty ranger with a red beret and an ak-47 . 
 silly flashed him their permits and they carried on . 
 the sealed road petered to a rutted and grooved earthen track . 
 scarlett poked sal when she spotted a troop of baboons lounging in a sausage tree , drinking the nectar from the blood-red flowers that hung in long panicles . 
 the baboons watched the land rover pass with their sparkling black eyes , unalarmed , likely used to seeing their distant cousins come this way . 
 they continued onward and upward through increasingly dense vegetation until they arrived at a t-junction at the crater 's rim . 
 silly turned west . 
 a few miles later they reached tree camp of ngorongoro crater lodge . 
 the five-star resort was composed of a main building and six smaller villas . 
 they were all constructed from local wood and thatch and resembled oversized , hairy-topped mushrooms . 
 as soon as silly parked alongside four other land rovers , sal was off to search out a bathroom . 
 scarlett got out and performed a few yoga poses to stretch her cramped muscles . 
 two men emerged from the main building , catching her in the warrior pose . 
 they welcomed her to the lodge and introduced themselves as wilson and onesmo . 
 wilson was older , pasty white , with a thin mustache , while onesmo was tall and black . 
 he held a silver filigree tray on which rested two long-stemmed glasses of champagne and two warm , scented towels . 
 scarlett accepted a glass , then followed her two hosts inside the main building . 
 she was impressed with the décor , a unique mishmash of western opulence and african themes . 
 her first thought was of a masai version of versailles . 
 she went directly to the bank of windows that offered a panoramic view of the crater . 
 the rocky rim of the collapsed volcano curved away from the lodge to form an enormous ring , while thousands of feet below , in the vast depression , grassy plains stretched away for miles . 
 a sprawling soda lake glittered like quicksilver beneath the midday sun . 
 sal had told her ngorongoro crater was sometimes referred to as africa 's eden , and now she understood why . 
 it was a paradise of unspoiled nature . 
 maybe he had the right idea after all , she thought . 
 maybe this is exactly what we need . 
 scarlett went to the front desk and checked in . 
 wilson handed her an additional waiver to sign that absolved the lodge of any wrongdoing in the event that either she or sal were injured or killed on the premises . 
 the legalese sounded rather ominous , so she asked wilson what he had up his sleeve . 
 `` zebra , water buffalo , and elephants roam freely on the property , '' he explained . 
 `` if you do n't respect them , and keep your distance , they may charge . 
 that 's why we enforce strict precautions . 
 after 7 p.m. every evening , if you would like to leave your villa , you must first ring the main lodge on the telephone in your suite . 
 one of our staff will come to escort you to wherever you need to go . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' she said , and signed away . 
 wilson led her to her villa , explaining on the way that there were in fact thirty suites in all . 
 twelve in south camp , twelve in north camp , and six here in tree camp , which supposedly offered the most privacy . 
 the villa was perched on ten-foot stilts . 
 she wondered if that was to give the guests a better view of the crater , or to keep the wildlife out . 
 wilson held the door open for her . 
 she stepped inside to teak walls , hardwood floors , and a domed banana-leaf ceiling . 
 she eyed the king-size bed with the purple bedspread and massive carved headboard and decided it would suffice . 
 on the plane from la to tanzania , sal had told her there had been no doubles available , and he could sleep on the sofa or a cot . 
 she 'd told him sharing a bed was fine -- as long as he stayed on his side . 
 she did n't know how long she was going to enforce that invisible line , but one thing was for certain : a romantic getaway to the top of the world was not going to make it easy . 
 `` no mosquito net ? '' 
 she said . 
 wilson shook his head . 
 `` those nasty little buggers do n't survive at this altitude . 
 it 's one of the perks of being located atop a volcano . 
 now , in an effort to conserve electricity , the generator is turned off twice daily , between three and five in the afternoon , and midnight and three in the morning . 
 make sure your cameras or what-have-you are not plugged in during those times as there may be a surge when the power resumes . 
 oh -- there is one more thing , miss cox , '' he added , red patches the size of cherry tomatoes blossoming on his cheeks . 
 `` would it be too much of an imposition to ask for an autograph ? 
 i have a teenage son . 
 he 'd be delighted . '' 
 scarlett obliged willingly and scribbled her name on the back of a postcard of the lodge wilson proffered her . 
 after he left , she went to the luggage at the foot of the bed , which the silly express must have brought in while she 'd been signing her life away down at the main lodge . 
 she was in the process of unpacking a few things when sal returned . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 she asked him , wondering if the lodge sold antacid . 
 `` blah . '' 
 he collapsed into one of the two high-backed leather club chairs that faced the fireplace . 
 he considered the decanter of complimentary sherry on the low table in front of him , then poured himself a glass . 
 scarlett took the chair opposite him . 
 `` what 's going on , sal ? '' 
 he gave her a questioning look . 
 she nodded at the sherry . 
 `` it 's barely noon . '' 
 sal rarely drank . 
 he might have a glass of wine or a single malt scotch on special occasions , but that was all . 
 drinking diluted the senses , and he despised not being in control at all times . 
 it was one of his quirks . 
 before he could answer , however , his cell phone rang . 
 he took it from his pocket and answered it . 
 scarlett watched him . 
 his jaw tightened . 
 his eyes darkened . 
 about two minutes later he said , `` do it . '' 
 aside from the curt greeting , those were the only two words he spoke before putting the phone away once again . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` danny . '' 
 the name gave scarlett an involuntary start . 
 danny zamir . 
 she 'd never liked sal 's security chief . 
 part of the reason was simple jealousy . 
 danny always had sal 's full attention , regardless of the time or place . 
 back when scarlett and sal had first begun dating , sal would never answer his phone when he was out with her -- except when it was danny . 
 then he might step away from whatever they were doing for five minutes or forty , it never seemed to matter . 
 scarlett had first met danny when he 'd visited their bel-air home on some sort of business the year before . 
 he was darkly handsome and roughly her age . 
 and she had never forgotten how he 'd walked -- languid , like a large cat , or a supremely confident soldier . 
 she might not know much about him , but she knew one thing for certain : danny zamir was a very dangerous man . 
 `` what did he want ? '' 
 she asked , trying to parlay idle curiosity . 
 `` he 's just keeping me up to date with the hotel . '' 
 `` is everything all right ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 he sipped the sherry . 
 `` be straight with me , sal . '' 
 he met her gaze evenly . 
 clockwork ticked behind his eyes as he seemed to assess whether to open up or not . 
 finally he said , `` there was a fire at the prince a few weeks ago . '' 
 scarlett blinked . 
 whatever she 'd been expecting to hear , it had n't been that . 
 `` what kind of fire ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` it gutted the top two floors and put us behind schedule . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell me before now ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it was n't a big deal at first . '' 
 `` what does ` at first ' mean ? '' 
 `` we thought it was the result of bad wiring . '' 
 `` and now ? '' 
 sal hesitated . 
 `` tell me , '' she pressed . 
 `` it 's looking more like it might be arson . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 scarlett 's mind reeled . 
 `` why would anyone want to burn down one of your hotels ? '' 
 `` they did n't . '' 
 sal took another sip of the sherry , acting as if the topic bored him , which she knew meant it concerned him very much . 
 at her urging , he reluctantly explained how he had been the only person staying in the hotel at the time , how the fire had been set directly below his room , and how , if it had n't been for danny zamir , he might very well have perished . 
 scarlett felt numb . 
 `` maybe it was accidental ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` maybe it was only a coincidence it happened right below where you were staying ? '' 
 `` the police do n't seem to think so . '' 
 `` do they have proof it was set deliberately ? '' 
 `` proof enough to convince me . '' 
 `` who would do something like this ? '' 
 sal was silent . 
 `` you do n't have any idea ? '' 
 she said . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` the police are investigating . 
 danny 's investigating . 
 that 's why he called . 
 to give me an update on what he 's found out . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and nothing . 
 he does n't know anything yet . '' 
 scarlett recalled the angry look on sal 's face while he 'd been on the phone . 
 was it because danny had n't found anything out ? 
 then again , danny had spoken for a solid two minutes , uninterrupted . 
 that was a long time to tell someone nothing . 
 do it , sal had said . 
 do what ? 
 `` i ca n't believe you 've been keeping this from me , '' she said . 
 `` i only learned about it the other day , '' he replied . 
 `` the same day you landed yourself in the hospital . 
 you did n't need to be burdened with this . '' 
 `` someone tried to kill you , sal ! 
 that 's not a burden . 
 that 's something you need to talk to me about ... regardless of whatever else is going on . '' 
 she took his hand , softened her voice . 
 `` i 'm still your wife . 
 do n't forget that , silly . '' 
 `` i love you , cara mia . '' 
 `` i -- i love you too , sal . '' 
 she released his hand and sat back . 
 wow . 
 she felt shaky but thrilled . 
 they 'd just made more progress than they had with months of expensive therapy sessions . 
 death , or even the threat of death , put the most serious of secular matters into perspective . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 she realized how that might be interpreted and added quickly , `` with the prince . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` nothing . 
 it 's over . '' 
 `` what if they try something again ? '' 
 `` they wo n't . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` the police are on it . 
 danny 's on it . '' 
 `` is n't there anything more you can do ? '' 
 `` look , '' sal said , setting his drink aside . 
 `` even if someone wanted to hurt me , i 'm in africa . 
 nobody knows i 'm here . 
 maybe a few people from the office . 
 that 's it . 
 by the time i get back to dubai , chances are good the police will have some news for me . 
 if they have n't already caught whoever 's responsible , they 'll at least have leads . 
 we 'll take it from there . '' 
 he stood and kissed her on the forehead . 
 `` now excuse me for a moment . 
 my stomach 's acting up . '' 
 he went to the bathroom . 
 scarlett slumped back in her chair and shook her head , trying to absorb everything she 'd learned . 
 who would want to kill him ? 
 the half-full copita of sherry on the table caught her eye . 
 she picked it up and knocked the rest back . 
 screw it being noon . 
 at two o’clock in the afternoon , damien fitzgerald arrived at a salvage yard located in the middle of a shitty industrial neighborhood that made all the other shitty neighborhoods he 'd driven through in arusha seem almost nice in comparison . 
 he entered through the front gate and passed between fleets of junked cars until he came upon a rickety office with a rusted corrugated iron roof . 
 he knocked on the door . 
 no one answered . 
 he tried the handle , found it unlocked , and went inside . 
 the walls were melamine-finished particleboard , the rug green and torn , the few pieces of furniture as decrepit as the cars outside -- including one bench seat that looked like it was straight out of a volkswagen bus . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 he called . 
 the word came out raspier than usual , and his hand went unconsciously to the scarf at his throat . 
 a back door opened and a tanzanian man wearing a yellow-and-green football jersey entered . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 he said merrily . 
 `` welcome ! '' 
 `` i 'm looking for land rover parts , '' fitzgerald said . 
 `` do you have any ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 yes , i haf many . 
 there are more land rovers in this city than flies because of you mzugus and your safaris . 
 what do you need ? '' 
 `` a front driveshaft . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i can help you . 
 yes . 
 come this way . '' 
 the man led fitzgerald through the back door into a lot filed with more junked cars . 
 he pointed to a land rover sitting on tireless axles . 
 the driver 's side door was smashed in , the roof crushed . 
 `` ile accident ilitokea alipo-lose control na aka-overturn and landed in a ditch , '' he said . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` ah ! 
 why do i know english , but you do not know swahili , or even half swahili ? 
 i said , ` the accident happened when he lost control and overturned and landed in a ditch . ' 
 but do not worry , my friend , it is only body damage . '' 
 `` i 'm looking for an old driveshaft . '' 
 `` why do you want that ? '' 
 `` do you have one or not ? '' 
 `` yes , i haf plenty . 
 there , with the power train parts . '' 
 he pointed to a pile of scrap metal . 
 fitzgerald went to the pile . 
 there were hubs , differentials , transfer boxes , gears , and driveshafts . 
 he examined each driveshaft closely . 
 the front end splines -- gear teeth -- were maligned and worn on four . 
 two looked okay . 
 one was nearly bald . 
 he chose the bald one and asked the tanzanian how much it cost . 
 `` that one 's no good , '' the man said . 
 `` why do you want that one ? '' 
 `` how much is it ? '' 
 `` fifteen thousand shillings . '' 
 fitzgerald paid him , then turned to leave . 
 `` hey , '' the tanzanian called . 
 `` you never told me what you need a no-good driveshaft for ? '' 
 `` neco quispiam . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` you 're the language man , '' fitzgerald told him over his shoulder . 
 `` you figure it out . '' 
 chapter 5 tuesday , december 24 , 4:43 p.m. london , england `` how about this one ? '' 
 jahja al-ahmad looked at his wife , sara , who held up a colorful scarf . 
 `` too bright , '' he said . 
 he returned his attention to the belt rack , where a number of belts were hanging from the hooks like dead snakes . 
 he wanted a black one , so he ignored the brown and white ones . 
 all the bands were made from leather and looked similar to one another . 
 it was the buckles that made the decision difficult . 
 there were sterling , enamel , pewter , square , and rectangular ones . 
 he was holding a black belt with a simple pewter buckle in his hand ; it was the best he had seen so far . 
 he and his wife were in harrods in knightsbridge , in the fashion accessories department , which was on the ground floor , along with the rest of the menswear shops . 
 plastic christmas trees , mistletoe , tinsel , holly , santa clauses , and wreaths suffocated the place . 
 ironically , these decorations all had non-scriptural pagan origins , nothing to do with the messiah 's birth . 
 but the christian infidels out shopping likely did n't know or care about that . 
 christmas for them was merely an excuse for consumerism and gluttony and drunkenness . 
 `` how about this one ? '' 
 sara held up another colorful scarf . 
 she was dressed conservatively in heavy wool pants and a long winter jacket . 
 a plain green hijab covered her hair . 
 `` no , '' jahja said . 
 `` well , there 's not much left to choose from . 
 two days before christmas is n't the best time to go shopping . '' 
 they were n't shopping for christmas gifts , of course . 
 they were muslim . 
 jahja had been born in algeria ; sara in bosnia , to turkish parents . 
 but jahja needed a new belt . 
 he had n't been eating much lately , and his waist size had shrunk two sizes . 
 sara asked him what was wrong every evening at the dinner table . 
 he told her he was dieting . 
 she did n't believe him . 
 if she did , she would n't keep asking him what was wrong every evening . 
 nevertheless , she was a good wife . 
 they had a good marriage . 
 she would never in a thousand years suspect what was causing him to lose sleep , to lose his appetite . 
 `` i do n't need a scarf , '' he told her . 
 `` just a belt . '' 
 `` try it on . 
 please ? '' 
 jahja went to her . 
 she wrapped the mint-green scarf around his neck , turning him toward the mirror . 
 he was average height , dark-skinned , and clean shaven . 
 the entire left portion of his face was covered in leathery scar tissue . 
 the burn that had caused the grotesque disfigurement had not only destroyed the skin but the underlying fat , muscle , and nerve structure , so now that side of his face was frozen in a mask of dumb horror . 
 as always , he avoided looking at the deformity . 
 he wished other people could be so considerate . 
 they were n't . 
 nearly everyone he 'd passed in the department store this afternoon had stared . 
 the women behind the fragrance counters , the other shoppers , the kids in the food court -- and kids were the worst . 
 they often stared unabashedly until their parents saw what they were staring at and tugged them away . 
 jahja adjusted the scarf . 
 he decided it looked good , sophisticated . 
 `` i like it , '' he said . 
 `` great ! 
 did you get a belt ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he held up the black one with the pewter buckle . 
 `` it 's so plain . '' 
 `` i like it . '' 
 `` ca n't you pick a different one ? '' 
 `` i like this one . '' 
 sara rolled her eyes . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she kissed him on the cheek -- on the burned cheek . 
 she did n't care . 
 that was one of the reasons he loved her so much . 
 `` you go pay for them and meet me up in toys . 
 it 's on the fourth floor , next to that big pet center . '' 
 jahja frowned . 
 `` why are you going to toys ? '' 
 `` i want to get something for hana . '' 
 hana was their five-year-old daughter . 
 jahja 's frown deepened . 
 last year hana had begun asking why they did n't put up a christmas tree and lights like everyone else . 
 so this year , to get her excited about eid ul-fitr , they 'd put up green-and-white lights around the house throughout ramadan until the end of eid . 
 apparently that was n't good enough . 
 hana still wanted a tree and lights during christmas . 
 sara suggested it would n't hurt to put up the green-and-white lights again . 
 jahja refused . 
 he was worried hana might begin to reject her islamic faith in tawhid . 
 worse , she might start believing that the prophet isa -- jesus -- peace be upon him , was something more than a mere prophet and servant of allah . 
 `` we 've talked about this , sara , '' he said . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 but all her friends get presents . 
 i just want to get her something small . 
 one gift . 
 please ? '' 
 jahja shrugged . 
 he was not going to argue about this , not now . 
 sara beamed , kissed him on the cheek again , and hurried off toward the escalators . 
 jahja went to the service counter and stepped into line . 
 the man ahead of him was trying to get a refund on a pair of shoes . 
 after a minute of complaining -- he did n't have a receipt -- he walked off , grumbling . 
 jahja stepped up to the counter . 
 the saleswoman had dyed silvery-blonde hair . 
 her makeup was bright and offensive . 
 jahja would never let hana wear her hair or makeup like that when she grew up . 
 `` good day , '' the woman said , smiling at nothing . 
 when she glanced up from the cash register , her eyes darted to the left side of his face . 
 the smile remained in place , but it immediately left her eyes , which had become vacant , like someone trying not to look at something . 
 jahja set the belt and scarf on the counter . 
 `` just these . '' 
 `` of course , '' she said cheerfully , overcompensating for her initial reaction . 
 he hated it when people did that . 
 his phone vibrated in his pocket . 
 he took it out and checked the number . 
 `` excuse me , '' he said to the woman . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 he went to a secluded corner of the shop and pressed talk . 
 `` salaamu alaykum , '' a man 's voice said . 
 `` wa alaykum salaam , '' jahja replied . 
 `` the plane ticket is waiting in your mailbox , '' the man continued in arabic . 
 `` the flight is for tomorrow morning . 
 a friend will be at the airport in dar es salaam to meet you . 
 he will take you where you need to go . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` may allah protect you . '' 
 `` glory be to allah . '' 
 jahja hung up and returned to the service counter to pay for his belt and scarf . 
 the woman smiled at him again . 
 he smiled back . 
 but he no longer wondered whether his burned face was making her feel uncomfortable ; he was now wondering whether he would ever make it back to england . 
 he 'd like to . 
 he 'd like to wear the scarf for his wife one day . 
 chapter 6 tuesday , december 24 , 6:55 p.m. ngorongoro conservation area , tanzania the dining room was redolent with the smells of saffron , vanilla , cumin , nutmeg , and the rest of the now devoured pan-african cuisine . 
 everybody seated at the long table was on their third or fourth drink , speaking loudly and laughing raucously . 
 scarlett was still sipping her first glass of wine . 
 after what sal had told her about the prince hotel fire/attempted murder , she was n't in a festive mood . 
 on top of that , ten minutes into the meal sal 's stomach had started acting up , and he 'd said he needed to lie down . 
 her first thought had been he wanted to call danny zamir in private . 
 when you 've been married for four years , it becomes second nature to intuit these types of things . 
 in fact , that 's how she discovered the other woman . 
 not perfume on sal 's shirts . 
 not racy text messages on his phone . 
 not hearsay from a friend . 
 just plain old woman 's intuition . 
 then , acceptingly , scarlett became ashamed of her suspicious response to his departure . 
 he was sick after all , and it was perfectly conceivable he wanted to be alone . 
 setting the ruminations aside , she studied the menu . 
 there was a brandy snap coming for dessert . 
 it sounded good , but her diet said no . 
 to avoid temptation , she took the merlot she 'd been nursing to the outdoor deck . 
 the clouds to the west were a striking pinkish-orange , those closer darkening to a deep blue , broken with cracks of silver and dove white . 
 way down on the crater floor shadows lengthened and pooled , gobbling up the greenery . 
 she closed her eyes and let a wave or serenity wash over her . 
 `` quite a view , is n't it ? '' 
 she started . 
 a dollop of wine jumped the lip of her glass and splashed the deck , just missing her silver christian louboutins . 
 she turned and discovered an older gentleman standing behind her . 
 his graying hair had receded with age and white stubble textured his jaw , like a sprinkling of fresh snow . 
 he seemed fit for his age , someone who might have ridden the tour de france in his prime . 
 `` you startled me , '' she said . 
 `` sorry , lass . 
 that 's the last thing i wanted to do . '' 
 his voice was coarse yet strangely alluring , softened by a charming irish brogue . 
 he nodded at the crater . 
 `` three million years . '' 
 `` is that how old it is ? '' 
 `` have you been down there yet , miss ... ? '' 
 `` cox . 
 and no , i have n't . 
 i 'm going with my husband tomorrow . 
 we 're cutting through it , to get to the serengeti . '' 
 `` and where is your husband , may i ask ? '' 
 `` he went back to the room . 
 he has n't been feeling well today . '' 
 `` shame . 
 but you believe he will be up and about tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i certainly hope so . 
 have you been down there yet , mr ... ? '' 
 `` hill . 
 benjamin hill . 
 and no , not yet . 
 i 'll be going down tomorrow as well . '' 
 `` perhaps we 'll see each other ? '' 
 `` perhaps we will . '' 
 he extended his hand . 
 `` i 've taken up enough of your time . '' 
 she shook it . 
 `` good night , mr. hill . '' 
 `` and a good night to you too , miss cox . '' 
 scarlett watched the irishman walk away . 
 he did n't leave through the dining room but followed the perimeter of the building until he turned a corner and was lost from sight . 
 she frowned . 
 he had been well-spoken and polite , but something about him had bothered her . 
 back in the dining room , she asked the waiter if he could round up someone to escort her to her villa , then she went out front to wait , keeping in the heat of the twin fire bowls that flanked the lodge 's entrance . 
 up here , at this altitude , the temperature plummeted after the sun went down . 
 she folded her arms across her chest , her thoughts returning to the irishman , and she realized what had nagged at her . 
 he had n't been at dinner . 
 there had been twelve chairs at the long table , twelve place settings , each occupied . 
 until sal left , that is . 
 so was the irishman from south or north camp ? 
 if so , what was he doing here ? 
 she glanced at her watch . 
 ten to eight . 
 had n't wilson said guests were prohibited from moving around the property freely after seven ? 
 hearing a noise behind her , she whirled , only to find her escort -- a masai warrior wrapped in a checkered red cloth and carrying an ak-47 . 
 she 'd had her fair share of bodyguards , but this was a first for her . 
 she wondered if the assault rifle could take down a charging buffalo , or even a big cat . 
 she hoped she never had to find out and stayed close to the escort 's side until she was climbing the steps to the villa . 
 in the bathroom she washed up , brushed her teeth , then slipped into a pair of silk pajamas . 
 she got into bed , making sure she kept on her side of the line . 
 `` you awake ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` am now . '' 
 sal 's voice was disembodied in the dark . 
 `` are you feeling better yet ? '' 
 `` yes , i think so . '' 
 `` will you be okay for tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i should be fine . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she was quiet for a moment . 
 the silence was absolute . 
 `` i met a man after you left . '' 
 `` should i be the one calling my lawyers this time ? '' 
 `` not funny , sal . 
 anyway , his name was benjamin hill . 
 i think he was walking around without an escort . 
 we need an escort if we -- '' sal made a small rumble . 
 laughter ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` benjamin hill ? '' 
 there was definitely amusement in his voice . 
 `` was he an old british chap ? '' 
 `` irish , '' she said , frowning . 
 `` you know him ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` but how ? '' 
 `` i 've seen him on tv . 
 he had his own show . '' 
 it clicked . 
 `` he was more sean connery than benny hill . '' 
 never one for pillow talk , sal did n't say anything more , and soon he was breathing the regular rhythm of sleep . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 sometime later she was shaken awake . 
 she sat up , and it took her a moment before she remembered she was n't in her bed in la. `` someone 's outside , '' sal said quietly . 
 the words cut through her sleepiness like a knife . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i heard a noise . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` shhh . '' 
 scarlett listened . 
 all was perfectly quiet . 
 `` i do n't hear anything , '' she whispered . 
 `` listen . '' 
 then she heard something on the other side of the wall , right behind the headboard . 
 it sounded like leaf litter crunching under a heavy weight . 
 `` that 's an animal , '' she said . 
 `` what else could it be -- ? '' 
 she clamped her mouth shut . 
 the prince tower . 
 the fire . 
 had someone followed sal all the way to africa ? 
 her fear surged . 
 had she locked the door ? 
 god , did the door even have a lock ? 
 `` do something , '' she hissed . 
 sal shifted off the bed . 
 he crossed the room , pulled back the curtains , opened the balcony door . 
 a cool lavender-scented breeze swept into the room . 
 he stepped outside . 
 looked left and right . 
 went left . 
 three steps later he was beyond the glass and out of sight . 
 the seconds slugged by . 
 scarlett heard nothing more . 
 no shouts of alarm . 
 no scuffle . 
 nothing . 
 which , she realized with dread , was the sound an assassin made . 
 paranoia swelled inside her as she imagined sal lying in the bushes , his throat slit . 
 she called out to him , not caring who heard her . 
 `` come here , '' sal replied . 
 exhaling the breath she 'd been holding , scarlett got out of bed and crossed the threshold to the wooden veranda . 
 the cold wind played around her wrists and ankles and slipped down the throat of her pajama top , causing her nipples to harden and gooseflesh to break out on her skin . 
 she followed the veranda left and found sal leaning up against the railing , his elbows on the header , his arms crossed in front of him , like he was watching a sunday afternoon baseball game in the park . 
 she scanned the darkness below . 
 two jackals were sitting on their haunches in a patch of bracken , licking their fur . 
 sal barked . 
 the jackals looked up . 
 their yellow eyes shone in the dark , indifferent yet somehow malevolent . 
 `` sal , stop it , '' she whispered . 
 `` they 're just dogs . '' 
 `` they 're dangerous dogs . '' 
 `` they ca n't get up here . '' 
 `` what if they wait around until the next time you 're crossing the grounds to the main lodge ? '' 
 `` they 're brainless animals . 
 and brainless animals do n't hold grudges . '' 
 inside once again , scarlett slapped sal on the rump , hard . 
 he was a brainless animal . 
 she slid the door closed and flicked the lock . 
 she left the blinds open , welcoming what little light the moon and stars provided . 
 back in bed she could n't sleep . 
 she had thought there had been somebody out there , another arsonist or a hit man or whatever you called someone who came to kill you during the night ... no -- she was letting her imagination get the better of her . 
 she and sal had already discussed this . 
 he was safe . 
 nobody knew he was here . 
 what were the chances that somebody would fly all the way to africa and follow him to the summit of a collapsed volcano ? 
 it was ridiculous , something out of hollywood . 
 the noise had just been a couple wild animals . 
 sometime later , scarlett slept . 
 at two thirty that morning fitzgerald opened his eyes . 
 he had been sleeping but not really sleeping , a skill he 'd learned long ago in the british army . 
 he opened the door to the land cruiser and stepped into the night . 
 the moon was nearly full , the sky awash with icy stars , and he could see well enough . 
 a nightjar made a musical churring sound that rose and fell with a ventriloquist-like quality . 
 he heard little else , although he knew the surrounding forest was alive with life . 
 he started down the dirt road toward the lodge where salvador brazza and scarlett cox were staying , whistling `` johnny i hardly knew ye '' so he would n't come upon any wild animals by surprise . 
 the animals would usually run away , but sometimes they would panic and attack , especially if they were injured or with their young . 
 he was carrying the driveshaft he 'd purchased earlier , but a driveshaft would n't stop a cape buffalo , or a leopard . 
 five hundred meters later he arrived at the car park in the clearing behind tree camp where six suvs were parked in a line , side by side . 
 they were all land rovers . 
 three were land rover discoverys . 
 only one was the latest model , a series iii . 
 it was the second from the right . 
 it was the one he wanted . 
 he lowered himself onto his back and stuck a penlight between his teeth . 
 then he inched his way beneath the high chassis and studied the underside of the vehicle . 
 he took a small wrench from his pocket and undid the six bolts securing the coupling . 
 the first five came off easily enough . 
 the sixth was a bitch , taking him nearly the same time to get it off as the first five combined . 
 he slid the driveshaft forward to disengage it from the transfer case , slid it backward to free it from the differential , gave it a jog , and tugged it loose . 
 the lubricated o ring inside the drive tube fell onto his chest . 
 he left it there while he examined the driveshaft . 
 the splines were not very badly worn , nor had he thought they would be . 
 he set the good driveshaft aside , replaced the o ring , and inserted the nearly bald driveshaft he 'd brought with him . 
 he refastened the six bolts , the sixth going back on a lot easier than it had come off . 
 there was a metaphor about life somewhere in there , but this was not the time to consider it . 
 he extracted himself from beneath the vehicle . 
 with one solid tug , fitzgerald tore the cb antenna from where it was mounted on the land rover 's rear tire carrier . 
 he retraced his steps back to the toyota land cruiser , reclined the seat , and closed his eyes , hoping sleep would come quickly . 
 he would be waking with the sun in a few hours . 
 chapter 7 wednesday , december 25 , 6:55 a.m. ngorongoro conservation area `` sal , you ready ? '' 
 scarlett called . 
 `` silly 's packed the land rover . 
 he 's waiting outside . '' 
 `` i 'm coming . '' 
 sal emerged from the bathroom moments later . 
 his hair , still damp from the shower , was combed back from his forehead as usual . 
 it might just have been a play of the light , but he looked darker than he had the day before , healthier . 
 she felt a slight stirring in her loins . 
 `` you look good , '' she said , wondering if tonight would be the night the invisible line in bed was erased . 
 she thought maybe it might be . 
 `` i certainly feel better , '' he said . 
 `` whatever bug i had is gone . '' 
 she spontaneously kissed his freshly shaven cheek , which smelled of a mix between lime and eighteenth-century medicinal balm . 
 `` merry christmas . '' 
 he arched an eyebrow . 
 `` you 're in a good mood . '' 
 she was . 
 whatever dark thoughts she 'd had during the night about world-hopping assassins seemed even more ludicrous on such a fine sunny morning . 
 moreover , she was excited about heading down into the crater , given it was one of the best places in africa to view animals in their natural habitat . 
 outside the villa , silly was standing next to the land rover dressed in his neatly pressed safari uniform and bush hat . 
 scarlett snapped a picture of him with the nikon camera hanging around her neck , then they were off , traveling west along the crater rim . 
 early morning dew coated the long grass and shrubs while a thousand birds chirped and whistled and sang in the branches overhead . 
 at the gate to the crater , a green sign announced that the caldera was a conservation area , a world heritage site , a biosphere reserve , yadda yadda . 
 scarlett told sal to go stand in front of it so she could snap a photo . 
 he was having none of it . 
 he might be many things , but a picture guy he was not . 
 seneto descent road was the official name of the road that switch-backed down the interior wall of the crater . 
 silly , however , referred to it as the elephant pass , which scarlett found to be more fitting . 
 it was n't so much a road but a narrow , winding , and very steep dirt track . 
 as they progressed , the morning mist thickened , creating a primordial , jurassic atmosphere , as if they were not only descending into a collapsed volcano but back in time as well . 
 at one point the track tiptoed along the edge of a sheer cliff face that plunged away hundreds of feet to the crater floor below . 
 a signpost with the words `` pole pole '' -- which silly translated to mean `` slowly slowly '' -- drifted past in the curdling fog . 
 scarlett looked away from the window . 
 the memories of laurel canyon were still raw . 
 and if she went over the edge here , she would n't be waking up in a hospital ; she would n't be waking up anywhere ever again . 
 her anxiety , however , turned out to be for naught . 
 thirty minutes later bright sunlight pierced the thinning fog , and by the time they reached the bottom -- thank god -- the weather was postcard perfect . 
 the view was just as spectacular as it had been from the lodge . 
 the soda lake shimmered pink with thousands of flamingos . 
 the savanna , which was dotted with yellow fever trees and gently undulating hills , stretched away like spun gold . 
 and in every direction the rocky walls of the caldera towered high , a forbidding barrier to keep the outside world out . 
 `` look ! '' 
 silly said , slowing to a halt and pointing to a patch of tussock three hundred feet to the left of them . 
 scarlett poked her head out the land rover 's modified roof and peered through the binoculars . 
 she zeroed in on a cheetah that was stretched out on its side , its long , thick tail curled behind it . 
 she passed the binoculars to sal , wiping the sweat from her brow with the back of her hand . 
 damn hot . 
 and it was barely eight in the morning . 
 silly snatched the cb microphone from the radio unit attached to the dash , depressed the transmit switch , and said something in swahili . 
 his small face melted into a frown . 
 he fiddled with a few knobs , flicked between channels , and spoke again . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 scarlett asked him . 
 `` the radio is n't transmitting . '' 
 `` who do you need to speak to ? '' 
 `` i was going to call in the cheetah sighting , so the next group down the elephant pass will spot it . '' 
 he shook his head in frustration . 
 `` it works both ways . 
 now we will not hear when any of the big five are spotted . '' 
 `` maybe the antenna 's broken ? '' 
 sal suggested . 
 silly went around to the back of the land rover and examined the tire carrier . 
 he returned to the front seat and said , `` it 's gone , the entire antenna , gone . 
 it must have snapped off in the bush . 
 or maybe an animal snagged it during the night . '' 
 he looked devastated . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 this is my fault . 
 i should have checked the vehicle before we left . '' 
 `` cheer up , boss , '' sal told him . 
 `` we 're only passing through the crater . 
 it will be more of an adventure this way . '' 
 scarlett squeezed his thigh , grateful for his understanding . 
 as they progressed west across the crater floor , they saw more gazelles and zebras and buffalo than she could count . 
 she glassed the grasslands through the binoculars for a bottleneck of land rovers , hoping it would indicate a predator sighting . 
 the strategy paid off . 
 the first gathering led them to a chilled-out leopard lounging in the crotch of an acacia tree , the second to a pack of spotted hyenas making whooping-giggling noises while tearing apart the ribcage of an antelope with their bone-crushing jaws . 
 when silly mentioned they were coming up to a picnic spot , sal told him to pull over so he could use the restroom . 
 they still had a long trip ahead of them , and scarlett decided a visit to the ladies ' room might be prudent . 
 she went to the single-person cinderblock lavatory and waited outside for sal to finish . 
 she was watching a secretary bird wading through the tall sere grass , stomping about on its long legs , when she heard sal talking on his cell phone . 
 she went a little closer , but only caught one or two words before he hung up . 
 he exited moments later and gave her a curious look . 
 `` i need to go too , '' she said . 
 `` be my guest . '' 
 scarlett did her business , then went to the sink to wash her hands , all the while wondering who her husband had been speaking to . 
 and why in the restroom ? 
 why not in front of her ? 
 she glanced in the mirror on the wall , tracing her fingers around her eyes , as if she could magically erase the small wrinkles forming there . 
 `` you 're thirty now , scarlett , '' she said to herself . 
 `` happy birthday . 
 these are your stripes . 
 you 've earned them -- and you only get more . '' 
 her thoughts turned to marie dragomiroff , the thirty-six-year-old , dark-haired , dark-skinned heir to a french shipping conglomerate . 
 the woman could speak six languages , had her own successful clothing line , and her exotic beauty upstaged anyone in the room with her , whether it be a prince , rock star , or scarlett herself . 
 their first and only meeting had been at a washington fundraiser the year before . 
 scarlett remembered the day perfectly . 
 marie had been dressed in something elegant and of her own creation , looking ten years younger than she was , working the room effortlessly , a fluttering butterfly , a natural socialite , the faces of the lawmakers and powerful business types smiling when she approached , their eyes following when she moved on . 
 the way she flattered sal , innocently touching his arm ... how had i not known earlier ? 
 she closed her eyes , rubbed her forehead . 
 she left the restroom . 
 back at the land rover , silly pointed to the sky , where a swelling of dark storm clouds was gathering . 
 `` we need to be quick , '' he said . 
 `` if there is a storm , the rain could wash out parts of the road up the crater wall . '' 
 `` what would happen then ? '' 
 scarlett asked . 
 `` would we be stuck here overnight ? '' 
 she shivered at the thought of spending the night on the floor of an enclosed crater that was home to the highest density of mammalian predators in africa . 
 but silly shook his head . 
 `` that can not happen . 
 the rangers would come and get us . '' 
 `` even with the road washed out ? '' 
 `` there are other roads in and out of the crater that i do not know of . 
 they would find a way . '' 
 `` the radio is n't working , remember ? 
 how would we call them ? '' 
 `` they would know , '' he said simply , though she thought she saw a flicker of doubt cross his eyes . 
 silly climbed behind the wheel of the land rover while sal and scarlett got in the back . 
 thunder rumbled in the distance . 
 low , angry clouds moved in front of the sun , darkening the sky . 
 scarlett could smell ozone and the general grayness that accompanies a storm . 
 then the rain began to fall . 
 it made a tinny plink-plink-plink on the truck 's roof and patterned the dirt track with brown splotches . 
 within thirty seconds it had become a downpour . 
 the windshield wipers sloshed back and forth , only just clearing the water now gushing down the windshield . 
 a clap of thunder exploded so loudly it made her flinch , and she silently urged silly to go faster . 
 they reached the western crater wall five minutes later . 
 a sky-wide flash of lightning stung the sky white , illuminating what looked like a pencil-thin road zigzagging its way up the rocky slope . 
 scarlett 's stomach dropped . 
 two thousand feet looked almost insurmountable from the bottom up . 
 nevertheless , silly barely slowed as he reached the steep gradient , and she relaxed . 
 they were fine . 
 they were going to make it -- scarlett heard a loud clunk , followed by a grinding noise . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 she said , stiffening in her seat . 
 `` i do n't know , '' silly said . 
 `` the message center is telling me to put it in neutral . '' 
 `` then do it , man , '' sal told him . 
 the grinding noise was getting louder . 
 silly downshifted . 
 the land rover came to a quick stop , then began rolling backward . 
 `` put it in park , for chrissake ! '' 
 sal said . 
 `` it 's not working ! '' 
 the backward momentum picked up . 
 `` do something ! '' 
 scarlett said . 
 she looked out the back window , but could n't see anything through the rain and poor light . 
 silly yanked the handbrake . 
 the land rover shuddered to a stop . 
 `` leave the brake , but put it in first and try again , '' sal told him . 
 `` it 's not letting me . 
 i ca n't move the gearshift anymore . '' 
 `` step on the gas . '' 
 `` i am . 
 nothing is happening . 
 nothing . '' 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 sal opened the door and stepped into the storm . 
 he circled the truck , kicked the tires , and bent twice out of sight . 
 he tapped on silly 's window . 
 silly rolled it down . 
 `` can you lock the differential ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do it . 
 then try the gas again . '' 
 silly followed the instructions but shook his head . 
 a crackle of lightning backlit the black clouds , turning them a mossy green . 
 more ear-splitting thunder followed . 
 swearing , sal climbed back inside . 
 he was soaked to the skin . 
 `` power is sapped , '' he told them . 
 `` it is n't reaching the wheels . 
 that means the problem has something to do with the transmission . 
 i thought it might have been the differential . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 scarlett asked . 
 `` it transmits torque to the four wheels evenly , even if they 're rotating at different speeds . 
 if one was spinning on mud , it would deliver all the power there , effectively making us immobile . 
 but silly locked it , making both wheels on the axle turn at the same speed , regardless of traction . 
 that did nothing . '' 
 `` so we 're stuck ? '' 
 this was exactly what she 'd feared . 
 `` there 's no radio . 
 we ca n't call for help . '' 
 `` do you think anyone 's still in the crater ? '' 
 sal asked their guide . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe . 
 wait ! 
 someone 's coming ! '' 
 scarlett looked out the rear window again and saw the headlights of a vehicle approaching . 
 sal hopped outside and waved it over . 
 he had a few words with the driver , then motioned for scarlett and silly to join him . 
 scarlett ducked her head and dashed through the pelting rain to the idling vehicle , some kind of big four-by-four , like the land rover . 
 she tugged open the back door and climbed inside , silly right behind her . 
 sal got in the front . 
 she was about to thank the driver for stopping , but the words died in her throat . 
 `` you ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 sal looked puzzled . 
 `` benjamin hill ? '' 
 the irishman extended his hand . 
 `` indeed i am . 
 your wife must have mentioned our brief encounter ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 sal shook . 
 `` call me sal . 
 this is our guide , silly . '' 
 `` what an interesting name . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` now , what 's the problem , may i ask ? '' 
 `` the truck lost all power going up the road , '' sal explained . 
 `` it 's not the differential . 
 could be a worn ring and pinion gear . '' 
 `` i ca n't help you there , unfortunately . 
 i 'm afraid i know rather little about mechanics . 
 what i can do , however , is give you all a lift to the top . '' 
 they got underway , and scarlett was incredibly grateful to be moving again . 
 sal fiddled with a knob on the dash until the vents blasted out warm air . 
 a cd played latino music on very low volume . 
 `` so you 're here on safari by yourself ? '' 
 she asked the irishman . 
 `` i 'm in africa on business , miss cox . 
 a coworker recommended ngorongoro crater . '' 
 `` what do you do , ben ? '' 
 sal called everybody by their first name . 
 `` my firm specializes in risk analysis . '' 
 `` well , if you 're looking for a risky place to do business , you found it . '' 
 sal and the irishman talked shop for another few minutes before moving on to their golf games . 
 when sal started on his hole-in-one story , which involved several japanese investors and requisite gift-giving , scarlett tuned out . 
 she 'd heard it many times before . 
 half an hour later they reached the summit of the crater . 
 `` if i recall correctly , miss cox , '' the irishman said as the truck bumped and slid over the muddy road , `` you mentioned you were heading to the serengeti today ? '' 
 `` yes , that 's right . 
 but it seems like we 're going to be delayed , seeing as we have no vehicle . '' 
 `` would you like me to take you back to your lodge , where you can get some sort of transportation arranged ? '' 
 `` that would be marvelous ! 
 but is it out of your way ? '' 
 `` what else does an old man have to do with his day ? '' 
 `` hold on , ben , '' sal said , leaning forward to peer out the windshield . 
 `` yes . 
 slow down . 
 i think that 's a park ranger 's vehicle up ahead . '' 
 `` nonsense , '' the irishman said . 
 `` i have no problem driving you back myself . '' 
 `` pull over . '' 
 `` really , mr. brazza -- '' `` dammit , ben , pull over . '' 
 for a crazy moment scarlett thought the irishman was going to continue driving straight past . 
 but then he eased to the side of the road next to the parked vehicle . 
 sal got out and knocked on the ranger 's window . 
 the ranger set aside his radio and wound the window down . 
 sal began talking and gesturing . 
 when he returned , he told silly to transfer their luggage to the other vehicle . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 scarlett asked . 
 `` i offered the guy some money to drive us to the serengeti . 
 now we wo n't have to waste time going back to the lodge and waiting around for another truck . '' 
 `` what about the one down in the crater ? '' 
 `` i 'll have someone back at the lodge take a look at it . 
 silly can return today with the ranger instead of tomorrow as originally planned and pick it up . '' 
 it sounded good to scarlett . 
 she said , `` looks like we 'll be getting out now after all , ben . 
 thank you so much for the lift . 
 i hope you have a fabulous time here . '' 
 `` thank you , miss cox , '' the irishman replied , giving her a strange smile . 
 `` the same to you . '' 
 as fitzgerald watched brazza and cox get into the ranger 's land rover and drive away , he continued to smile to himself , both pissed off and amused at how one unknown variable could throw a wrench in the most simple of plans . 
 originally he 'd planned to take the two of them plus the guide down the road toward their lodge , beat them all senseless , and leave their bodies in the forest for the wildlife to feast upon . 
 by the time morning came and a search party was organized , there would be little left of their remains to be found , certainly not enough to determine their true cause of death . 
 investigators would be forced to conclude that when their vehicle broke down , they 'd attempted to leave the crater on foot , got lost on the way back to their lodge , and were attacked by an animal and eaten . 
 it happened more than most people thought . 
 what bad luck running into the bloody ranger . 
 for a moment he had considered driving on , but if the ranger spotted brazza or cox in the cab , and reported this fact when their bodies were found , the circumstances surrounding their death would be much more closely scrutinized . 
 that was unacceptable . 
 the reason he was getting paid so handsomely for this job was because brazza 's death had to look like an accident . 
 more than that , fitzgerald 's reputation was at stake . 
 there were n't many assassins of his caliber for hire in the world , and news of a sloppy hit spread quickly . 
 he lit a kent , shoved the gearstick into drive , and started after his quarry . 
 they would not get so lucky a second time . 
 chapter 8 as the land rover wound down through the western crater highlands , leaving ngorongoro crater behind , it continued to rain lightly , though the worst of the storm had passed . 
 `` so you and ben seemed to have hit it off , '' scarlett said to sal . 
 they were in the backseat , silly up in the front with the ranger . 
 sal had changed into a dry set of clothes and was now puffing thoughtfully on one of his cigars , blowing the pungent smoke out the window . 
 `` did he say what lodge he was staying at ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 why ? '' 
 `` if i remember correctly , there are only four of five lodges up there on the rim . 
 i do n't recall any as far west as ours . 
 why would he be leaving via the western wall ? '' 
 `` who knows ? 
 maybe because he was closest to it when the storm broke ? '' 
 she paused , wondering how to broach the next subject . 
 blunt was best , she decided . 
 `` i heard you speaking on your phone earlier . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` at the picnic stop -- you were in the restroom . '' 
 sal appeared momentarily annoyed . 
 then his face smoothed over and he took another puff of the cigar . 
 `` it was danny again . '' 
 that 's who she 'd expected . 
 `` you can speak with danny in front of me , you know . '' 
 `` he called . 
 i was in the restroom . 
 i answered the phone . 
 what 's the big deal ? '' 
 `` i did n't hear your phone ring . '' 
 `` it was on vibrate . 
 what is this ? 
 i feel like i 'm getting the third degree . 
 i feel like ... '' he trailed off . 
 she knew what he was going to say . 
 `` i was n't implying -- '' he waved the matter aside . 
 `` it was danny , '' he said firmly . 
 `` i know . 
 i believe you . '' 
 `` then what 's with the interrogation ? '' 
 `` i just do n't think i 'm getting the entire story here . '' 
 `` what story ? 
 i told you about the fire . '' 
 `` but what else is going on ? 
 have the police found something out ? 
 has danny ? 
 i 'm worried about you . '' 
 `` i told you it 's under control . '' 
 `` i want to know , dammit ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` no more secrets between us , sal . 
 i do n't care how big or small , just no more secrets . '' 
 he stared at her , hard , like he wanted to make this into a fight . 
 in the end he shook his head and sighed . 
 `` i think you have more italian in you than i do , cara mia . '' 
 he took a final puff on the cigar , then tossed it out the window . 
 `` do you want me to tell you what danny told me ? '' 
 `` please . '' 
 `` he thinks he knows who set the fire . '' 
 scarlett 's heart skipped a beat . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` a man named don xi . 
 in fact , you may remember him . 
 you met him once . '' 
 `` don xi ? '' 
 she repeated slowly . 
 the name , pronounced zee , sounded vaguely familiar . 
 then it hit her . 
 last spring she 'd been in macau with sal while he looked at potential sites for a future casino along the cotai strip . 
 they 'd had lunch with this man , this don xi . 
 he was one of sal 's partners . 
 `` yes , i do remember him now . 
 but he 's just a frail old man . '' 
 `` he 's also part of the chinese syndicate that held a de jure monopoly on gambling in macau for the past forty years . 
 consequently , he 's made a lot of powerful friends -- which include half of asia 's organized crime ring . '' 
 `` and he 's your partner ? '' 
 `` was . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` after the macau government ended the monopoly system there in ' 02 , a number of casino operating concessions were put up for tender . 
 i did n't win one . 
 so as a last resort , yes , i partnered with don xi , because he had a license . '' 
 `` knowing he was a criminal ? '' 
 `` he has criminal connections , sure . 
 but you check his rolodex , you 'll also find the private numbers for the clintons , thatcher , half the world leaders . 
 the world 's not so black and white at the top . 
 you know that . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 they were getting distracted . 
 how sal knew don xi was n't what was important . 
 `` why would he want to kill you ? '' 
 `` the man was impossible to work with . 
 we clashed over everything , from the number of vip suites to who was supplying us with the fucking steel . 
 being in dubai finishing up the hotel , i could n't oversee every decision . 
 but i was to be informed of the major ones . 
 i was n't . 
 xi had started calling all the shots . 
 i had enough . 
 i had a talk with the directors and we got xi to walk -- and we kept his license . '' 
 `` how 'd you manage that ? '' 
 `` our lawyers were better than his . '' 
 sal shrugged . 
 `` anyway , it seems old don did n't take it all very well . '' 
 scarlett felt numb . 
 it was a lot of information to take in . 
 so sal knew who had set the blaze at the prince . 
 okay . 
 that was good news . 
 that was fantastic news . 
 better someone he knew than someone who could disappear , maybe to come back and pick up where he left off another day . 
 however , the fact this guy was some sort of asian crime lord meant he had a lot of cash and a lot of connections , which meant he could do pretty much anything he wanted . 
 like try another hit . 
 `` have you told the police ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` not yet , '' he said . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` danny does n't have enough proof . '' 
 `` so what ? 
 let the police get the proof themselves . '' 
 `` we tip the police off now , don xi gets tipped off . 
 by the time the police mount any sort of investigation , don will be so clean his balls will squeak . '' 
 `` at least if he knows that you know , and that others know , he wo n't try anything else . '' 
 `` he wo n't try anything else , regardless . '' 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 `` i know what i 'm doing , cara mia . 
 let me handle this . '' 
 she started to protest , but he held up his hand . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it anymore . '' 
 `` listen to me , sal , '' she said , gripping his forearm . 
 `` danny is n't macgyver . 
 this is n't a game . 
 don xi tried to kill you . 
 he might try again . 
 you have to go to the police . '' 
 `` you heard what i said . '' 
 he turned away from her and looked out the window . 
 scarlett clenched her jaw tight . 
 he was impossible sometimes . 
 maddeningly impossible . 
 if they 'd been in la or dubai or paris -- or anywhere that had a goddamn infrastructure in place -- this would be the time she 'd hop out of the car and do some shopping to cool off . 
 a faint thrumming had started behind her left eye , matching the beat of her pulse , and she knew another migraine was coming on . 
 chapter 9 wednesday , december 25 , 7:03 a.m. macau , china as xi dong stood in the doorway of his son 's bedroom , watching the boy sleep , he smiled to himself . 
 his life had turned out well . 
 he was a very lucky man . 
 but his good fortunes had not come easy . 
 it had taken perseverance and hard work and passion to transform his thirty-five thousand dollar inheritance into the multibillion dollar empire he helmed today . 
 the inheritance had come after his parents had died in a plane crash somewhere over the rocky mountains in august of 1955 . 
 he had been twenty-three . 
 instead of blowing the money , however , he invested the entire lot in a logging company after he learned the provincial government of british columbia granted logging companies large concessions on land at discount prices . 
 with his considerable profits , he built a chopstick factory and exported the chopsticks to japan and china , eventually expanding throughout southeast asia . 
 in 1960 he moved his head office from canada to his ancestral country of hong kong , to a large building on nathan road , which was still referred to as the golden mile in those days . 
 three years later he joined a group of wealthy businessmen who won the bid for all forms of gambling in macau . 
 and since then everything he touched had turned to gold , from shipping to banking to a newly opened theme park . 
 nevertheless , more than any of this , the reason xi dong thought he was the luckiest man in the world was his son , ka-chun . 
 xi 's first two wives had failed to provide him with a child . 
 by the time he married his third wife , zhang , he was seventy-one , what he thought would be too old to produce an heir to his vast empire . 
 but within months of their wedding day zhang became pregnant . 
 it was the happiest day of his life , and ever since his heart had been full of pride and joy . 
 xi closed the door to his son 's bedroom , then went down the hall to zhang 's office . 
 she was sitting in front of the computer . 
 shopping , he thought . 
 `` i 'm going to walk the dog , '' he told her . 
 she had been born in guangxi and spoke zhuang and mandarin , not cantonese , so they communicated in english . 
 `` okay '' was all she said . 
 she did n't look at him . 
 they were in the middle of a prolonged fight that had begun after she discovered various rooms in his various casinos were permanently occupied with a close circle of mistresses who called him `` master . '' 
 he was trying to make it up to her with expensive gifts . 
 he did n't have the energy for another divorce , and ka-chun needed a mother . 
 in the kitchen , he found the white-and-brown shih tzu asleep on the slate floor . 
 `` leash , '' he said in cantonese . 
 sun immediately leapt to his feet , spun in a circle , then disappeared from the room , returning moments later carrying his leash between his jaws and wagging his tail furiously . 
 xi hooked the clasp to the dog 's nylon collar and went outside . 
 october to december was his favorite time of year in macau because it was neither too hot nor too humid . 
 tonight it was overcast , and he could not see the ocean , but the sulfuric smell of decomposed plankton and seaweed told him it was low tide . 
 as he crossed the villa 's landscaped yard to the high stone fence , sun scurried ahead of him , tugging at the leash . 
 at the gate he started yapping loudly . 
 `` hush , '' xi ordered , punching a code into the alarm box . 
 it buzzed . 
 he shoved the gate open and stepped through the roman archway . 
 as he was pulling the gate closed behind him , something hard was pressed into his back . 
 `` walk , '' a man 's voice commanded in english . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 `` walk . 
 or i carry you . 
 limp . '' 
 xi walked while sun barked away at his side . 
 unfortunately , he was no guard dog . 
 nobody else was on the street , which was n't surprising . 
 it was late , and it was a very private neighborhood . 
 the stranger directed him to a black minivan parked alongside the curb . 
 `` open the side door . '' 
 xi refused . 
 `` do you know who i am ? '' 
 `` i know exactly who you are , koos . 
 that 's why i 'm here . '' 
 xi felt a sharp whack on the back of his head , then consciousness fled . 
 when xi dong came around he was in a dark room . 
 the air was musty and smelled of concrete and sawdust . 
 he tried to move , but his hands and ankles were fastened to the chair in which he was seated . 
 a gag was in his mouth . 
 where was he ? 
 in a basement somewhere ? 
 a construction site ? 
 how long had he been out for ? 
 he did n't have answers to any of those questions , but his throat and eyes were dry , which meant he was dehydrated , a consequence of being unconscious for a substantial amount of time . 
 he turned to see what was behind him , and a smoldering pain awoke in the back of his skull . 
 he grunted . 
 moments later he heard footsteps approach . 
 a gas lantern in a far corner of the room cast enough light to reveal the man who appeared on his right . 
 he was young , muscular , dressed entirely in black , and moved with a confident swagger . 
 xi recognized him immediately . 
 he 'd seen him enough times over the past year . 
 his name was danny zamir , and he was salvador brazza 's muscle -- the same muscle who 'd rescued brazza from the prince tower fire . 
 but he was more than a mere bodyguard . 
 at least , that 's how xi read it . 
 zamir showed deference to his boss , of course , but xi did n't think danny zamir believed he was beneath any man , regardless of their wealth or power . 
 it was an extremely cocky paradigm . 
 it was also an extremely naïve one . 
 `` i 'm going to ask you a few questions , old man , '' zamir said . 
 `` i want you to nod your head if the answer is yes , and shake it if the answer is no . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 xi only glared at him . 
 despite his predicament , he did not jump through hoops for anyone , especially this snake . 
 zamir went behind the chair , and xi heard the light grating noise of metal being dragged on concrete . 
 a pipe ? 
 he tried to turn his head again , but could n't see anything . 
 he gave up and stared forward . 
 his heart pounded inside his chest . 
 what was coming ? 
 from the corner of his eye , xi caught a flash of movement -- something silver -- moments before pain exploded in his right kneecap . 
 the gag muffled his scream . 
 he writhed in misery and fury until the chair toppled over . 
 his head smacked the ground , like a bowling ball hitting the hardwood on the lane . 
 dazed , he remained on his side . 
 cold concrete pressed against his cheek . 
 his breathing came in rough , animalistic snorts through flaring nostrils . 
 danny zamir 's black boots appeared a few feet from his face . 
 the steel club face of a putter appeared in front of the boots . 
 `` was the prince tower fire set deliberately ? '' 
 his voice seemed to be coming from somewhere far away . 
 knowing he was already a dead man -- you did n't kidnap and torture the most powerful man in macau , then let him go , not if you wanted to live past the next sunrise -- xi remained silent . 
 to forget the pain , he concentrated on what he 'd be doing to zamir right then if their positions were reversed . 
 suddenly he was being swung through the air as the chair was righted . 
 `` was the fire set deliberately ? '' 
 `` go to hell . '' 
 he could barely muster the words . 
 with a curt laugh zamir ruffled xi 's hair , like you do to little children . 
 somehow that gesture was worse than the putter to the knee . 
 it was humiliating . 
 zamir went behind the chair again . 
 xi 's muscles tensed involuntarily in preparation for the inevitable assault . 
 nothing happened . 
 five seconds became ten . 
 thirty stretched into a minute . 
 two minutes passed , three . 
 and against every instinct xi found himself relaxing . 
 zamir was n't going to do it . 
 he did n't have the balls -- xi dong 's other knee , his good knee , dissolved into a sea of white-hot needles . 
 the gag stifled his scream once more . 
 `` was the fire set deliberately ? '' 
 `` go to hell . '' 
 zamir slapped him across the face . 
 `` i can do this all day . '' 
 `` you 're dead ... a dead man . '' 
 another slap , harder . 
 `` was the fire set deliberately ? '' 
 xi barely heard the question . 
 he was slipping into the numbness of unconsciousness . 
 at some point pain catapulted him from his stupor . 
 his eyes slashed open . 
 there was a table beside him now . 
 no , not a table -- an industrial drum of some sort . 
 it was standing vertically . 
 his left arm was strapped to the flat top with silver duct tape . 
 his ring finger was gone , he noticed in a hazy epiphany of horror . 
 completely gone . 
 the stump where the finger had been was spurting blood . 
 xi turned his head , not wanting to look at the butchery , and his eyes fell on danny zamir , who held a knife in one hand and the dismembered appendage in the other . 
 the gold wedding band zhang had given him winked in the feeble light . 
 `` i 'm getting tired of this game , ben zona , '' zamir said . 
 `` i 'm also getting hungry . 
 so i 'm going to ask you one final time whether the fire was set deliberately . 
 but '' -- he shook the severed finger meaningfully -- `` i want you to think about your answer carefully . 
 because if you tell me to go to hell one more time , i 'm going to go back to that nice little beach house of yours , round up your nice little wife and boy , and bring them here to join the party -- '' `` no ! '' 
 xi hissed , though the word might only have been inside his head . 
 the gag was torn away . 
 he gulped in a mouthful of air . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` ka-chun -- '' `` did you arrange the fire ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he breathed . 
 he had no choice . 
 he would die one hundred times to protect his son . 
 the world went black again , inky . 
 xi heard a series of beeps . 
 a cell phone ? 
 he heard words being spoken . 
 felt the phone press against his ear . 
 `` do n't go away just yet , old man , '' zamir told him . 
 `` your partner wants to have a word with you . '' 
 chapter 10 wednesday , december 25 , 2:58 p.m. serengeti national park , tanzania scarlett 's migraine was just waning when they arrived at naabi hill gate , the eastern entrance to serengeti national park . 
 the digging behind her left eye had been maddening for the past several hours , the gnome on the drill in a particularly evil mood . 
 but the three aspirin she had taken seemed to have helped . 
 so , too , had the big dior sunglasses she wore to combat the migraine-induced photophobia . 
 as the ranger drove them through the vast yellowish-brown grasslands , patches of blue sky began to form between the dreary clouds , lightening her mood . 
 what buoyed her even more were all the animals they passed . 
 dozens of burly roan antelope with their ringed , sweptback horns hanging out beneath the branches of an umbrella tree . 
 ungainly looking coke 's hartebeest , which were built like horses , grazing nervously on red grass . 
 a harem of bambi-like dik dik hiding within a patch of whistling thorn . 
 at one point the ranger had to swerve to avoid hitting a warthog and her piglets , which had darted out across the muddy road , each of their little tails pointing skyward , like antennae . 
 along the way scarlett snapped thirty or forty pictures , including two of sal , which , admittedly , she did to irk him . 
 she told him she was going to put them on her facebook page , which irked him even more . 
 although he had acquiesced and said he would give danny one last day to do whatever he was doing before he went to the police , she was still miffed with him . 
 it did n't make sense . 
 she should have been happy with the compromise . 
 but she was n't . 
 she thought it was because danny was still number one in sal 's eyes . 
 sal was choosing danny over her , or something like that . 
 it was petty , but she could n't help it . 
 she really did n't like danny zamir . 
 the ranger shouted over the noise of the engine for them to put on their seatbelts . 
 scarlett promptly obeyed , wondering what he knew that she did n't . 
 suddenly the land rover swung off the dirt track they 'd been following west and jerked over the uneven ground through a forest of strangler figs . 
 the trees thinned and they emerged in a clearing shaded by an immense kopje . 
 they stopped beside a doused bonfire . 
 sal paid the ranger whatever they had agreed upon , and he and scarlett got out while silly unloaded their luggage . 
 scarlett barely had time to give the ranger a tip before a bald , barrel-chested man dressed in khakis emerged from the nearby mess tent and called jovially , `` mr. brazza ? 
 miss cox ? 
 merry christmas ! 
 and welcome to the safari moving camp . 
 cooper 's the name , and wildebeest are the game ! '' 
 he pumped both their hands with equal enthusiasm . 
 `` sorry about the rough jaunt in , but it 's too dangerous to set up out in the open . 
 you 'll understand if i do n't want to wake up smack-dab in the middle of a sea of wildebeest . '' 
 `` we did n't see any on the way in , '' scarlett said . 
 `` that 's because they have n't arrived yet . '' 
 `` do they need an invitation ? '' 
 sal remarked . 
 `` predicting where the herd is going to be is n't an exact science , mr. brazza . 
 they follow a general migration pattern . 
 but their speed and direction are determined just as much by the weather . 
 where it 's raining , to be precise . 
 they may congregate in one area for two days or five days , it 's impossible to say for certain . '' 
 `` so you 're saying we 're not in the right position ? '' 
 `` oh , we 're in the right position . 
 they 'll be coming down this way , that 's for sure . 
 they just might not be getting here today , that 's all . '' 
 `` but we 're only here for one day , '' scarlett pointed out . 
 `` do n't you worry about a thing , love . 
 that 's why we have the balloon . 
 as soon as you 're ready to go , i 'll show you more of those ugly beasts than you can count . 
 in the meantime , come with me . '' 
 he led them to the mess tent . 
 `` kitoi ! '' 
 he bellowed . 
 `` get out here and meet our guests . '' 
 a lanky black man wearing loose trousers and a plaid button-down shirt emerged through the zippered door . 
 `` this is kitoi , '' cooper announced . 
 `` or kit , if you can stand being affectionate toward him . 
 he 's my tracker , and the best i 've ever seen . 
 he can follow the spoor of a chipmunk through times square . '' 
 kitoi smiled at the compliment , showing very white teeth . 
 `` that is true . 
 without me , mr. cooper can not even find his boots in the morning . '' 
 `` his english is better than his humor . 
 now , let 's head around the tent . 
 you 're late for lunch . 
 mind you , watch where you step . '' 
 `` snakes ? '' 
 scarlett said . 
 `` shit . 
 great piles of it , love . 
 giraffe , rhino , elephant -- you name it . '' 
 they arrived at a small outdoor table done up with a red-and-green tablecloth , red candles , china , crystal , and silver . 
 scarlett appreciated the christmas touch . 
 kitoi apologized for not having turkey and served them duckling sautéed in curry tomato sauce , cooked bananas , potatoes , cassava , ugali made with white cornmeal , and papaya for dessert . 
 a couple lilac-breasted rollers and ring-necked doves hovered nearby throughout the meal . 
 scarlett suspected they were either hungry themselves or trying to see if it was their buddy on the menu . 
 after the late lunch , all four of them packed into the double cab of a toyota hilux and drove to an open patch of grassland about a mile from camp . 
 `` we 're lucky with the weather , '' cooper told them as he unloaded the balloon equipment from the bed of the pickup . 
 `` meteorological conditions are lovely after a storm . 
 visibility and wind speed , perfect . 
 kit will follow us on the ground so we can pack everything back up when we land . '' 
 with everyone lending a hand , the balloon assembly went quickly . 
 they stretched the rip-stop nylon envelope on the ground , attached it to the wicker basket with special carbines , then hooked up the burner to liquid petroleum gas cylinders with intake hoses . 
 a petro-powered ventilator blew cold air into the envelope . 
 cooper fired a burner to heat the air , which expanded , becoming less dense than the ambient air . 
 the envelope plumped up . 
 when there was sufficient lift , sal , scarlett , and cooper hopped into the basket . 
 the tear-shaped balloon rose from the ground . 
 below , kitoi untied the anchor rope that was attached to the hilux 's bull bar , and sal reeled it in . 
 up and up they went until cooper pulled a chord to open the parachute valve at the crown of the envelope . 
 hot air escaped , the ascent halted , and they began to drift horizontally . 
 scarlett remained holding tightly to sal 's arm , half expecting to hear a loud pop , and for the balloon to zigzag wildly through the sky before crashing back to earth . 
 that never happened , of course , and slowly her fear ebbed . 
 to her surprise , she realized there was no wind because they were moving with the wind . 
 she finally let go of sal 's arm , baby-stepped over to the high wicker rail , and peered down . 
 she swallowed back a shot of vertigo . 
 the savanna unfurled beneath them in every direction for as far as she could see , the scattered trees appearing in miniature . 
 cooper told them the word `` serengeti '' came from the masai word `` siring '' which meant `` endless plains . '' 
 he pointed to a golden tawny eagle wheeling through the sky , and later , a swirl of dark specs in the distance that he said were vultures circling a potential meal . 
 then a long black line materialized on the horizon . 
 as they sailed closer , the line became a thick column several miles long . 
 eventually it resolved into an army of wildebeest hundreds of thousands strong . 
 their bodies , tiny from so high up , coated the ground like a colossal oil spill . 
 scarlett had never seen anything quite like it before . 
 `` incredible , '' she breathed . 
 `` they live in greater concentrations than any other animals on this planet -- well , except for us , that is . '' 
 cooper opened the parachute valve again , causing the balloon to descend . 
 after fifty feet or so , he released the cord and fired a silent flame . 
 `` whisper burner , '' he told them . 
 `` so we wo n't scare the beasties . '' 
 from the lower altitude scarlett could make out the wildebeests ' long , boxy faces , curved horns , and unruly manes . 
 their upper bodies were well-muscled , but their hindquarters were slender , the legs spindly , giving them the appearance of being top-heavy . 
 they were making a low , ceaseless bleating , which sounded like a football stadium full of croaking frogs . 
 burchells zebras were scattered throughout the herd at a count of about one to ten . 
 scarlett thought they were the ones making the yelping bark . 
 `` where do they all come from ? '' 
 she asked . 
 cooper gestured vaguely to the north . 
 `` from the permanent waters on kenya 's masai mara game reserve . 
 they come down here during the rainy season because of the abundance of lush grass . 
 in february they 'll give birth to almost a half-million calves within a three-week period , right around here . '' 
 `` the calves would be sitting ducks . '' 
 `` it 's simple mathematics . 
 they 're easy prey , yes . 
 but there 's only so much a predator can eat in such a short timeframe . 
 it 's nature 's version of a buffet . '' 
 he slapped his solid belly . 
 `` stuff yourself now , but you 're not allowed to take any home . '' 
 a harsh ringtone trilled . 
 scarlett frowned . 
 another ring . 
 she zeroed in on sal . 
 before she could ask why he 'd brought his phone with him , he stepped away to the far side of the basket , turned his back to her , and answered the call . 
 fitzgerald stood atop the large kopje , watching the hot air balloon drift slowly away until it was nothing more than a dot in the rapidly clearing sky . 
 below , speeding across the african veldt , the pickup truck followed the balloon 's progress . 
 then both balloon and truck disappeared from sight . 
 he started down the steep-sided rocky hill toward the safari camp . 
 what he had planned would n't take a minute . 
 `` it 's me , '' danny said . 
 `` i 'm with our guy . '' 
 sal 's blood boiled at the mention of the man who 'd tried to kill him . 
 the fact that this particular man was rich and powerful himself , revered as a god in parts of asia , made the attempted assassination only slightly less insulting . 
 `` put him on , '' he said . 
 raspy breathing sounded on the other end of the line . 
 `` hello , don , '' sal said . 
 silence . 
 `` i want a name . '' 
 more silence . 
 `` danny ! '' 
 seconds later : `` i 'm here . '' 
 `` i told you i wanted him in a talking mood . '' 
 a few muffled words followed . 
 what sounded like a sob . 
 `` yao wang , '' don xi said weakly . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 sal demanded . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` you hired him . '' 
 `` i never met him . 
 that 's not how it works . '' 
 sal cursed under his breath . 
 but at least he had a name . 
 `` is he going to try something again ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` give me danny . '' 
 `` yeah , capo ? '' 
 `` you heard all that ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` is he lying ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he 's a tough old nut . 
 would n't talk until i mentioned his boy . '' 
 `` tell him -- '' sal lowered his voice . 
 `` tell him that if we find out he 's lying , we 're going to ... '' he trailed off meaningfully . 
 `` tell him now . 
 then put him back on . '' 
 another muffled exchange . 
 sal glanced back over his shoulder . 
 cooper and scarlett were both staring straight ahead , ostentatiously not listening . 
 `` please , '' don xi said . 
 his voice was still weak , but it was as clear as it had been yet . 
 `` let my son be . 
 have honor . '' 
 honor ? 
 sal thought . 
 where 's the honor in trying to roast someone while they slept ? 
 `` you sure there 's nothing more you want to tell me about yao wang , don ? 
 you heard what danny said . '' 
 no reply . 
 `` don ? '' 
 a papery sigh . 
 `` there is another . '' 
 sal 's hand tightened around the phone . 
 he knew it ! 
 goddamn chinese were as double-faced as a two-headed dragon . 
 `` keep talking , man , '' he said . 
 `` an irishman . 
 his name is redstone . 
 that 's all i know . '' 
 another bloody assassin . 
 `` you stupid old man . 
 danny ! '' 
 `` yeah , capo ? '' 
 `` find out everything you can on this redstone . 
 everything . 
 i 'll call you later . '' 
 he punched end , then turned back around . 
 cooper raised a bushy eyebrow . 
 `` you run a tight ship , captain . '' 
 sal grunted and rejoined scarlett at the basket rim . 
 `` did i miss anything ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to talk to you right now . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` not now , sal . '' 
 she moved to the other side of the basket . 
 he frowned . 
 he 'd chosen his words to danny carefully . 
 she could n't have gathered much from the snippets of conversation she 'd overheard . 
 nevertheless , he shrugged the concern aside . 
 it was n't important right then . 
 what was important was what he 'd learned . 
 there is another ... an irishman . 
 his name is redstone . 
 sal said to cooper , `` this thing 's safe , right ? '' 
 `` the balloon ? '' 
 `` it ca n't somehow catch fire or anything ? '' 
 `` the skirt 's made of nomex . 
 completely fire retardant . '' 
 `` what about these things ? '' 
 he kicked a propane tank . 
 `` stable ? '' 
 `` i 've never known one to blow up , if that 's what you mean . '' 
 sal noticed scarlett shift her weight from one foot to the other nervously , as if she were suddenly uncomfortable to be hanging out in the sky in a basket . 
 she knew what he was getting at . 
 but she 'd already taken her stand . 
 she was mad at him , did n't want to talk to him . 
 would n't break that silence , even now , even when she thought they might be in danger . 
 cooper fired the burner in a continuous stream , explaining that they had to clear the herd so they could land and so kit could meet up with them . 
 as the balloon floated upward , the wildebeest once more dissolved into a dark splash on the earth . 
 at five hundred feet they caught an eastwardly wind and changed course . 
 sal 's thoughts returned to don xi . 
 he had n't sounded very well on the phone . 
 in fact , he 'd sounded as though he was holding onto life by a thread . 
 sal felt no remorse . 
 and where the offence is , let the great ax fall . 
 he did n't know which work of shakespeare that was from -- he 'd never been a big shakespeare guy ; life was too short , time too precious , to be reading four-hundred-year-old texts -- but he knew that particular verse because his uncle frank had told it to him . 
 it was a family motto of sorts . 
 sal 's great-great grandfather , rocco , had been part of the original mafia , or what eventually became known as the mafia , which arose in the chaotic years after italy annexed sicily in the 1860s . 
 by the turn of the century rocco had become capo of the largest and most influential family in palermo . 
 when mussolini tried to wipe out the mafia and their political allies , rocco and his wife and son fled to new york city , where he got right back in the protection/racket game . 
 when the castellammarese war ended in 1931 , and the new boss of bosses created the five families of new york , rocco 's son , bernardo , was made boss of the monrealesi family . 
 soon after `` beautiful bernie '' -- a nickname he got when a gangster from a rival family dunked his head into a fish tank alongside a housecat with very sharp claws -- was murdered thirty years later in his park avenue office , his son , frank , was installed in the vacant post . 
 `` crazy frank '' -- whose nickname was self-explanatory -- was a shrewd businessman , and before anyone else was doing it he staked out major interests in a casino in havana , cuba , and the riviera in vegas . 
 skimming the winnings became the family 's most lucrative business . 
 but then everything changed in the seventies . 
 hippies and free love cut into strip club profits . 
 off-track betting picked up , taking a chunk out of the bookkeeping operation . 
 and the feds finally started cracking down on organized crime . 
 to top it all off , big business was moving into vegas , squeezing the gangsters out . 
 so by the mid-eighties frank was running a pretty clean shop : waste disposal , restaurants and bars , vending machines , trucking . 
 during this time sal had just graduated from college and was working in his father 's restaurant . 
 when frank came by for dinner one night , and mentioned he was looking for a bookkeeper for the cleopatra , his atlantic city casino , sal jumped at the opportunity . 
 after several dull months of analyzing the gaming revenue journal entries , sal pitched frank a plan that involved leasing slot machines to third parties , issuing mortgage bonds , and using equity financing to free up capital to reinvest in the casino and improve profit margins . 
 a gambler by nature , frank went with the suggestions . 
 two years later the cleo 's revenue was up forty-four percent while room occupancy had rocketed from sixty-three to ninety-five percent . 
 sal was promoted to vice president of finance . 
 over the next ten years he championed a string of successes , which included securing a seventy million dollar long-term mortgage investment from a life insurance giant , the first deal of its kind in the country , to build the largest and glitziest casino in atlantic city . 
 following this , sal was the driving force behind the creation of the luxury management company star international , which put up five-star resorts in mexico , the bahamas , and jamaica . 
 in the summer of ' 95 , after the president and ceo of star suffered a stroke on the seventh hole of poipu bay golf course in kauai , frank , who was chairman of the board , nominated sal for the top position . 
 the vote was unanimous . 
 at thirty-three years old sal became the youngest ceo of any company to earn a ranking on fortune 500 that year . 
 then disaster struck . 
 police found frank 's mutilated body in a dumpster in manhattan 's little italy . 
 sal interviewed nearly fifty ex-soldiers before settling on danny zamir as his `` security advisor . '' 
 danny tracked down frank 's killer , a columbia law student named giuseppe adamo who was the son of a gangster frank had knocked off back in the early eighties . 
 danny took sal to a ramshackle building on the lower west side where the punk was being held . 
 the room smelled like a monkey house . 
 adamo was lying on the floor , dehydrated and emaciated , surrounded by his own excrement . 
 sal rolled him over so he could look him in the eyes . 
 then he left , to let danny do what he had to do . 
 sal kept danny around as his security chief , but he never again used him for anything resembling the adamo thing . 
 until now , that is . 
 because don xi had tried to kill him , and that was simply something he could n't forgive and forget . 
 rocco , beautiful bernie , and crazy frank would have all concurred . 
 `` we 'll land over there , '' cooper announced suddenly . 
 he told kitoi their coordinates over the radio , then pulled the chord that opened the parachute valve . 
 he remained holding it as the balloon sunk through the air . 
 they came at the ground surprisingly fast , but cooper bounced the basket across the flat savanna like a stone skipping water until they slowed to a gentle rest . 
 `` try that in a herd of wildebeest and see what happens , '' he bellowed . 
 `` lo ! 
 there 's our ride . '' 
 sal followed cooper 's finger and spotted the hilux angling toward them from the southwest , shooting up a contrail of dust . 
 when the truck arrived two minutes later , they packed up the balloon and loaded it into the flatbed . 
 sal and scarlett did n't say a word to each other during the long trip back to camp . 
 chapter 11 wednesday , december 25 , 6:38 p.m. dar es salaam , tanzania `` you can leave us now , '' qasim said to his wife in arabic . 
 raja , dressed in a colorful hijab , picked up an ashtray overflowing with cigarette butts and went inside . 
 jahja did not know what her body looked like beneath the long garment , but she had a beautiful face . 
 he had thought that for as long as he had known her , though he had never told qasim this , of course . 
 as a devout muslim he should n't have had such thoughts about his brother 's wife . 
 yet he was a man , and men had thoughts like that , regardless of how strong their faith was . 
 jahja and qasim were sitting on the second-floor veranda of qasim 's house in the kinondoni district of dar es salaam . 
 it was not a bad neighborhood , but it was not a good one either . 
 to the east , jahja could see the vast expanse of the indian ocean ; to the north and west , the sprawling buildings of the city . 
 across the street , on the corner , was a branch of the american subway restaurant chain . 
 two men stood outside it , laughing loudly . 
 `` tell me , brother , '' qasim said . 
 `` how is hana ? '' 
 `` she is good . '' 
 `` and sara ? '' 
 `` she is also good . '' 
 `` she believes you are in germany again ? '' 
 jahja nodded . 
 he was a salesman for a german pharmaceutical company . 
 in the past he had often traveled for business to visit clients . 
 those trips had ceased after he was burned . 
 the sales director had never told him the burns were the reason for keeping him at the london office , hidden away , out of sight . 
 but a lot of people no longer told him what they were really thinking . 
 regardless , the decline in business travel coincided with an increase in personal travel , most of which was to come here , to dar , to visit his brother and his associates . 
 sara was never the wiser . 
 `` you will see her again , '' qasim said . 
 `` do you believe that ? '' 
 `` if allah wishes it , yes . '' 
 he stabbed out another cigarette in a fresh ashtray . 
 `` you are not having second thoughts , are you , brother ? '' 
 for a moment images of london -- the good times in london -- flashed through jahja 's mind . 
 his wedding at tan hill inn in north yorkshire , the birth of hana at st. bartholomew 's , hana 's first steps at their south bank flat . 
 then , as always , those images vanished as quickly as they had come , replaced by scenes from the day his life changed forever . 
 he had been in algeria , visiting his parents in his ancestral town of tamanrasset . 
 they had all been at friday evening service at the mosque he had attended since he was a child . 
 he and his father were in the main hall , a barren room devoid of furniture , statues , and pictures ; islam did not condone any form of representation of allah . 
 sara , hana , and his mother were with the rest of the woman in a separate area closed off with panels of fabric . 
 everybody , however , was faced toward the niche in the wall that denoted the direction of mecca . 
 they were reciting the first chapter of the qur ' an when there was a thunderous explosion and the high ceiling blew inward . 
 jahja was knocked unconscious . 
 he woke up in a hospital sometime later , where he received news that his father had perished -- and where he saw himself in a mirror for the first time after the bandages were removed . 
 multiple arab-speaking television networks reported that the destruction was the result of a stray american cruise missile . 
 they cited twenty-three dead and forty-seven injured . 
 jahja knew this to be the truth because he knew many of the victims personally . 
 the pentagon and us mainstream corporate media dismissed this reality with `` the claims of civilian casualties could not be independently verified . '' 
 an all too familiar rage churned inside jahja . 
 `` no , '' he told his brother . 
 `` i am not having second thoughts . '' 
 `` come then , '' qasim said , standing . 
 `` let me show you what you have no doubt been waiting to see . '' 
 they went downstairs to the attached garage where two white vans were parked side by side . 
 both were several years old and slightly beat up . 
 qasim handed jahja a set of keys and pointed to the van on the left . 
 jahja unlocked and opened the tailgate doors . 
 the entire cargo body was packed with oxygen and acetylene tanks , bags of aluminum nitrate and ammonium nitrate fertilizer , and truck batteries . 
 nestled in the center of it all was a small detonation device . 
 the bomb was nearly identical to the two used to destroy the american embassies in dar es salaam and nairobi exactly ten years ago , which killed 224 people , blinded 150 , and injured thousands more . 
 jahja nodded his approval . 
 `` everybody else is ready ? '' 
 `` everybody is ready . '' 
 `` so what do we do now ? '' 
 `` we wait until tomorrow , '' qasim said , smiling . 
 chapter 12 wednesday , december 25 , 7:33 p.m. serengeti national park , tanzania as soon as scarlett stepped inside the tent she whirled on sal . 
 `` are you going to explain yourself ? '' 
 `` depends , '' he said , doing the lip-shrug thing . 
 `` that 's not the right answer . '' 
 `` what 's gotten you so worked up ? '' 
 `` you know damn well . 
 but if that 's how you want to play it , fine . 
 ` i wanted him in a talking mood , '' ' she said , repeating what he 'd said on the phone word for word . 
 `` or how about , ` tell him if we find out he 's lying , we 're going to ... '' ' the words still made her skin crawl . 
 had sal threatened to kill someone ? 
 it was unreal . 
 and danny would do it too , she thought . 
 whatever sal told him to do , he would do it . 
 she was positive about that . 
 he would kill someone 's grandmother if sal told him to . 
 `` going to what , sal ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 he met her glare evenly . 
 `` don xi is a stubborn old mule . 
 i had danny smack him around a little . 
 if he was lying , danny was to smack him around some more . 
 it 's as simple as that . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , what you said , the way you said it , was worse than that . '' 
 `` you make it sound like a big conspiracy , scarlett . 
 christ , if i sounded clandestine , it was because i did n't want you or cooper to overhear . 
 because one , it 's none of cooper 's bloody business . 
 and two , i knew it would only get you all worked up , like you are now . '' 
 `` i know what i heard , '' she said stubbornly . 
 `` you 're going way overboard here . '' 
 `` what did don xi tell danny ? '' 
 `` the name of the man who set the prince tower on fire . '' 
 `` and you wanted this information so you could ... ? '' 
 `` what are you implying ? '' 
 `` danny 's going to kill him , is n't he ? '' 
 `` don xi ? '' 
 `` someone ! '' 
 scarlett blurted . 
 `` don xi . 
 the man who set the fire . 
 i do n't know ! 
 do n't play dumb with me . '' 
 sal stared at her for a long moment , then turned away . 
 he shrugged out of his jacket and microfleece pullover , messed leisurely through the clothes in his suitcase , chose a cashmere sweater , and pulled it on over his white undershirt . 
 finally he looked at her again . 
 `` i 'm going to the other tent , '' he said in an all-too-reasonable tone that infuriated her . 
 she stepped in front of his path . 
 `` you 're not walking away . '' 
 `` i 'm not discussing this with you right now . 
 you 're not thinking straight . 
 why do n't you go and lie down for a while ? '' 
 `` do n't patronize me , sal , '' she said icily . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` who am i ? '' 
 he snapped , and something dangerous sparkled in his eyes , something she had only seen in their darkest fights . 
 `` you want my street name ? 
 my secret identity ? 
 maybe you want to see the costume i wear at night when i go around having affairs and killing people ? 
 because that 's what this is all about , is n't it ? 
 the affair ? 
 you wo n't drop it , will you ? 
 you 'll never drop it . 
 you 'll never trust me again . 
 anytime something comes up -- a late night at the office , a business trip , a phone conversation with danny -- you 're going to automatically think the worst . 
 well , fuck that . 
 i do n't think i can deal with that . '' 
 he shoved past her . 
 scarlett did n't turn around . 
 she heard him unzip the tent door and walk outside . 
 then she heard him stop . 
 `` the reason i wanted the name of the man don xi hired to kill me , '' he said over his shoulder , tersely , `` was so i could turn him over to the police . '' 
 he started walking again . 
 scarlett frowned . 
 as soon as she 'd overheard sal tell danny that he wanted don xi in a talking mood , half a dozen images of cruel interrogation techniques had popped into her head . 
 now she was suddenly unsure . 
 had she misunderstood ? 
 what sal said made sense . 
 it was simple and logical . 
 in fact , it was so simple and logical she wondered why she had n't thought of it herself . 
 `` wait , '' she said , turning . 
 sal stopped , faced her . 
 the sun was low in the sky , silhouetting him against a furnace-orange background . 
 `` what about don xi ? '' 
 she pressed . 
 `` what 's danny going to do with him now that he has the name of the man he wants ? '' 
 `` let him get some sleep ? 
 how am i supposed to know ? '' 
 `` don xi 's at his home ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 danny went to his house . 
 where did you think he was ? '' 
 scarlett did n't know . 
 hanging upside down by his feet from the top of a building ? 
 god , she did n't know anything anymore . 
 she felt suddenly exhausted . 
 `` danny was smacking don xi around in front of his family ? '' 
 `` he 's seventy-six . 
 he lives alone . '' 
 the last of her anger and suspicion seeped away . 
 `` anyway , '' sal went on , his tone business-neutral , `` i 'm going to get a drink . 
 dinner will be soon . 
 join me , if you 'd like . '' 
 scarlett stared after him as he made his way through the lengthening shadows to the mess tent . 
 never in her life had she been so happy to be wrong . 
 sal was sal . 
 not the leader of some two-man vigilante squad , dishing out vengeance where he saw fit . 
 of course he was n't . 
 what had she been thinking ? 
 she shook her head . 
 sal had been right . 
 she was using the past to explain the present , which was n't entirely fair . 
 he 'd screwed up -- big time -- but he 'd apologized sincerely both in private to her and publicly in front of the media . 
 he wanted a fresh start . 
 after a lot of soul searching , she 'd decided she did also . 
 to continue holding the affair over his head was wrong . 
 she needed to commit to him one hundred percent or not at all , and she needed to decide that very soon . 
 with these thoughts in her head , she followed him through the dying light . 
 the mess tent glowed from within with warm candlelight , while outside the six-foot-tall tiki torches burned orange and jittery flames . 
 the sun had set fully and the stars had come out , twinkling like a spill of diamonds on black velvet . 
 the air smelled raw and primeval and invigorating . 
 classical music played from a stereo system somewhere , what sounded like a bach sonata in f-sharp minor . 
 it was welcoming and relaxing , exactly what scarlett wanted to hear right then . 
 sal was standing beneath the overhanging branches of a large tree . 
 with a glass of scotch in one hand and a cigar in the other , he looked cool and in control , like a man who did n't allow anything to faze him , not even a wife who accused him of torture and murder . 
 god , she was a fool . 
 cooper was working the smoking barbeque . 
 his long white apron read : `` do n't mess with the chef ! '' 
 when he told scarlett and sal to take a seat at the table , she impulsively suggested they eat together . 
 it was christmas day , after all . 
 cooper said that was a grand idea and added another folding table and two stacking chairs to the dining setup . 
 kit dished out huge servings of spicy braised chicken , yogurt , and couscous . 
 he opened a five-year-old chardonnay and , at scarlett 's request , a bottle of local kinyagi gin . 
 in his swashbuckling way cooper led the conversation , recounting his adventures abroad , from the deserts of australia and asia to a two-month stint on the barren ice shelves of antarctica . 
 when he was halfway through a story that had him climbing a frozen waterfall in switzerland , sal excused himself to use the bathroom . 
 scarlett noticed cooper watching him leave . 
 `` he 's had some disturbing news these past few days , '' she said by way of explanation for sal 's aloof demeanor . 
 `` he has n't been himself . '' 
 `` i gathered that much from his phone conversation in the balloon . '' 
 `` yes , well , that was part of it . '' 
 `` how long have you been married , if i may be so bold to ask ? '' 
 `` about four years . '' 
 `` he 's much older . '' 
 `` thirteen years . 
 how about you , cooper ? 
 are you married ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` would you marry this ugly mug ? '' 
 `` i , too , am not married , '' kit said . 
 `` so if any of your movie star friends are looking for a strong husband and the son of a chieftain , please tell them about me . '' 
 their laughter was broken by a cry . 
 it was sal . 
 everybody shot to their feet . 
 scarlett was the first out of the tent . 
 she looked wildly around but could n't see anything beyond the firelight of the camp . 
 `` sal ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 he did n't answer . 
 `` sal ! '' 
 kit and cooper exchanged a quick look . 
 kit dashed back inside the tent and returned carrying two rifles and a heavy-duty eveready flashlight . 
 cooper snatched one of the rifles . 
 `` stay here , '' he told scarlett . 
 `` we 'll check it out . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she protested . 
 `` i 'm coming . '' 
 `` you 'll be in the way . '' 
 `` he 's my husband ! '' 
 cooper started away , kit beside him . 
 scarlett ran to catch up . 
 `` lord , woman ! '' 
 cooper grabbed her wrist and pulled her between himself and kit . 
 `` if you must come , stay in the middle and do exactly as i say . '' 
 they moved at a brisk pace in the direction they 'd heard sal cry out . 
 kit took the lead , playing the beam of the flashlight over the ghostly trees as they moved deeper into the forest that surrounded the camp . 
 scarlett stuck right behind him , a hand on his shoulder . 
 the ground beneath her feet was spongy and invisible . 
 she stumbled twice . 
 cooper , taking up the rear , yanked her upright both times . 
 `` sal ? '' 
 she shouted again , her thoughts racing . 
 lions ? 
 hyenas ? 
 assassins ? 
 `` mr. brazza ? '' 
 cooper called urgently . 
 `` here . '' 
 the reply was a harsh whisper , surprisingly close . 
 kit swung the flashlight around . 
 sal was less than ten feet away , his back pinned to the trunk of a tree , his eyes fixed straight ahead . 
 `` sal ! '' 
 scarlett ran to him and threw her arms around his neck . 
 `` there , '' he said , pointing . 
 she turned . 
 kit redirected the light . 
 numerous pairs of yellow eyes reflected back at them . 
 `` my god , '' scarlett said , her breath hitching in her throat . 
 her legs felt suddenly weak . 
 `` what are they ? '' 
 `` lions , '' sal stated . 
 `` they 're just cubs , '' cooper said . 
 `` no , '' sal told him . 
 `` i saw a fully grown one , a lioness . '' 
 `` their mum . '' 
 cooper nodded . 
 `` she would n't have left the cubs alone . 
 we better get out of here , slowly . 
 if you see the mum , whatever you do , do n't run . 
 she 'll be on you in seconds . '' 
 they set out in a tight line . 
 kit in vanguard again , scarlett and sal bunched in the middle , cooper , the rear . 
 kit forced a much slower path out than the reckless charge in . 
 `` there she is , '' kit whispered suddenly , aiming the flashlight to the right . 
 two devilish eyes shone back , twenty yards away . 
 good lord , it 's following us , scarlett thought . 
 no -- it 's stalking us . 
 her breathing sounded absurdly loud in her ears , and she wondered if the cat could smell her fear , the way dogs supposedly could . 
 her heart beat like a tribal drum in her chest . 
 several paces later kit stopped . 
 scarlett peered anxiously over his shoulder . 
 the lioness was directly ahead of them now , much closer than before . 
 powerful and sinewy muscles bunched and knotted beneath the silky flank as it slinked between the trees , silent , ghost-like . 
 the thin tail , the tip marked by a black tassel , snaked back and forth in rhythm to its imperial stride . 
 faint rosettes spotted the hind legs , tapering down to the paws . 
 then abruptly , dramatically , the beast swung its head to look directly at them . 
 it snarled in a rictus of menace , baring its yellow fangs and a flash of pink tongue , before turning away again , apparently bothered by the glare of the light in its face . 
 it growled , a low and rumbling sound that came from deep within its throat . 
 scarlett did n't know whether that was a warning sound or a hungry sound , only that it was blood chilling either way . 
 a second growl answered the first , from somewhere to the left of them . 
 there were two lionesses . 
 cooper understood the danger . 
 `` cover your ears ! '' 
 he ordered , then fired a round from the bolt-action rifle into the sky . 
 the muzzle flash was as bright as daylight . 
 the sound was deafening . 
 the acrid stench of cordite filled the air . 
 scarlett searched the trees for either lioness . 
 they appeared to be gone . 
 `` monsters be gone , '' she breathed . 
 it was a line from a fairy tale she 'd read as a child , and she repeated it over and over in her head now , a kind of mantra that would keep the creatures from returning . 
 kit pressed forward , moving at the same dreadfully slow pace . 
 scarlett wanted to run , but she remembered what cooper had told them . 
 she 'll be on you in seconds . 
 another tense minute passed with still no glow from the tiki torches . 
 it seemed to be taking them a hell of a lot longer leaving the forest than coming in , and she began to question whether they were going the wrong way . 
 god , if that was the case , and they got lost -- there was a commotion to the left of them . 
 kit swung the light . 
 scarlett 's jaw dropped . 
 a lioness came barreling toward them through the trees , huge and pale as bone , grunting and snorting . 
 it seemed to be coming straight for her . 
 because she was the smallest ? 
 the weakest ? 
 `` do n't run ! '' 
 cooper ordered . 
 `` shoot it ! '' 
 sal bellowed . 
 `` do n't move ! '' 
 cooper repeated . 
 shoot it ! 
 scarlett screamed . 
 but the words never escaped her locked throat . 
 nothing did except a harsh whistle . 
 the lioness did n't slow . 
 it was coming straight for her . 
 why is n't anybody shooting it ? 
 at the last possible moment the lioness skidded to a halt on muscular front legs . 
 it glowered at them , still snorting . 
 it was so close that scarlett could see the stiff white whiskers , the wet black nose in the shape of an upside-down triangle , the tuft of beard . 
 its eyes shone like gold-flecked quartz , the pupils rounded to perfect black dots . 
 a killer 's eyes . 
 emotionless , without mercy . 
 the power the cat exuded was tangible . 
 she waited in horror for it to lung forward and claw off her face with one bat of its oversized paw . 
 but it only snarled , flicked its head , then trotted back into the forest . 
 the world seemed to tilt crazily before righting itself . 
 scarlett had to grab hold of cooper 's shoulder to keep from falling over . 
 still , she felt oddly okay . 
 terrified , yes . 
 woozy even . 
 but the fear was tempered by an unrealistic calm , and she knew she must be out of her mind on adrenaline . 
 `` why -- ? '' 
 she began . 
 `` later , '' cooper said . 
 the group continued in strict formation through the picket of trees . 
 sounds scarlett had n't realized she 'd tuned out returned in a wall of noise . 
 cicadas , toads , the crunch of their footsteps on the leaf litter , the faint melody of classical music . 
 the camp . 
 scarlett glimpsed the soft yellow light in the distance . 
 the elusive music -- vivaldi 's `` summer '' -- became louder . 
 given the danger that had just passed , the delicate staccato notes of the violin concerto sounded absurd , like a wedding march at a funeral . 
 then again , she thought , they also sounded very civilized . 
 wherever you had vivaldi playing , you had hors d’oeuvres and wine and doctors and philanthropists . 
 you certainly did n't have a crazy lioness charging you down . 
 they reached the relative safety of the mess tent without further incident . 
 stepping into the light was a feeling like no other . 
 the light represented safety and order and control -- control over nature and all the deadly things that hid within her nighttime embrace . 
 scarlett 's adrenaline ebbed , her nerves kicked in , and she began to shake uncontrollably . 
 `` would you like some tea ? '' 
 cooper asked her . 
 `` why did n't you shoot it ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` she was only protecting her cubs . '' 
 `` protecting , my ass , '' sal said . 
 `` the bitch bloody well charged us . '' 
 `` if you noticed , '' cooper said , `` she was flicking her tail back and forth during the charge . 
 that means she 's only testing you out . 
 if you hold your ground , she 'll usually back down -- '' `` hell of a risk , '' sal interjected . 
 `` it was our lives at stake . '' 
 `` if i had shot that lioness , the game department could have had my license . '' 
 `` and had you read it wrong , one or more of us might be dead . '' 
 `` we would n't have been in that predicament , mr. brazza , '' cooper said , getting riled himself , `` had you not been out there on your own . 
 what in the sam hill were you doing ? '' 
 sal did n't reply . 
 suddenly scarlett knew . 
 `` you were on your phone . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i needed to touch base with danny . '' 
 `` why 'd you need to go off into the forest ? '' 
 she said , feeling herself sliding back into the black world of lies and conspiracy . 
 `` what 's the big secret ? 
 what are you not telling me , sal ? '' 
 `` i was simply walking as i talked . 
 i had no idea how far i 'd gone . '' 
 `` you 're a liar . '' 
 `` watch it , cara mia . '' 
 `` you know , '' she plowed on , `` i was ready to put everything in the past and move on , ready to start over , fresh . 
 how can i do that when you wo n't be honest with me ? '' 
 `` i told you , i was walking -- '' `` i do n't care about that ! 
 i do n't care about that . 
 i do n't care about anything anymore . 
 christ ! 
 this is unbelievable . '' 
 sal stared at her , his eyes dark and defiant . 
 scarlett turned on her heels and stormed off . 
 after a few minutes of silently venting her anger , scarlett got herself under control . 
 cooper , who had followed her into the mess tent and made her tea , was now sitting on the other sofa . 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to see that , '' she told him . 
 `` it 's not your job to babysit dysfunctional couples . '' 
 `` listen , love . 
 i do n't know what the two of you are chomping at each other 's throats over . 
 not exactly anyway . 
 and i do n't care to know . 
 it 's none of my business . 
 but if you do n't want to go to the airstrip tomorrow together , i 'll have kit make two trips . '' 
 `` thank you , cooper , but that 's all right . 
 besides , i 'll be sitting next to him on the plane . '' 
 `` would you like to sleep in here tonight then ? '' 
 `` would you mind ? '' 
 cooper retrieved a set of folded sheets and a wool blanket from a chest and gave them to her . 
 `` good night , miss cox . '' 
 he fastened the three zippers of the door flaps behind him , grabbed a tiki torch that was planted into the ground outside , gave her a final salute , then wandered away into the night . 
 sitting there on christmas day , staring into her cup of tea , scarlett thought about everything that had happened recently , and slowly , inevitably , she began thinking about a future without sal . 
 chapter 13 the weather the following morning was gray and overcast and suited the somber mood that permeated the safari moving camp . 
 it was the kind of mood you experienced at a wake , where nobody wanted to talk to anyone else because there was nothing to say . 
 kit offered scarlett some breakfast . 
 she declined . 
 her stomach was in knots . 
 that invisible something that held couples together , that made you feel guilty for arguing once tempers died down , that made you want to make things right again ... well , that something had shattered , and she did n't think it could be repaired . 
 after everything she and sal had been through with the affair , she needed more than anything else to be able to trust him again . 
 but she did n't , not after last night . 
 that was a very big problem . 
 kit brought her a mug of coffee , which she did accept . 
 it was full-bodied and good . 
 he told her it was made with beans grown on the high plateaus of mt. kenya . 
 she told him he should think about quitting the safari thing and open up a café of his own . 
 he smiled but did n't laugh . 
 no one , not even kit or cooper , was in a jovial mood that morning . 
 she returned to their green-and-tan canvas tent to make sure she had n't left anything behind . 
 sal was there , packing his suitcase . 
 as soon as she entered he stopped folding the microfleece pullover he 'd worn the night before and looked at her . 
 she opened the wooden wardrobe , peeked under the bed , gave the room a final sweep with her eyes . 
 `` if you 're looking for me , '' he said , `` i 'm right here . '' 
 she left without saying a word . 
 back at the mess tent , cooper pulled her aside to give her a three-inch curved claw that was fitted with a bronze cap and black string to form a necklace . 
 `` it 's from a lion i came across a few months back , '' he told her . 
 `` he died of old age . 
 the hyenas got to him long before i did . 
 anyway , it 's not much . 
 but after the excitement in the bush last night ... '' he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i thought it would make a good trophy of sorts . 
 merry christmas , love . '' 
 `` thank you , cooper , '' she said , touched . 
 `` but i 'm afraid i do n't have anything for you . '' 
 `` i have my looks . 
 what more do i need ? '' 
 he winked at her . 
 `` it seems like you 're holding up the caravan . 
 better get a move on . '' 
 scarlett looped the necklace around her neck , gave cooper a quick peck on the cheek , then went to the hilux where kit and sal were now waiting inside . 
 she climbed in the backseat , next to sal . 
 kit hit the gas and they lurched forward . 
 she waved goodbye to cooper , finding she already missed him . 
 the off-roading through the forest of strangler figs was just as rough going out as it had been coming in , forcing scarlett and sal to once more brace themselves inside the cab . 
 at the east-west dirt trail they turned east . 
 forty minutes later they arrived at the airport -- though it would be a stretch to call it such . 
 even `` airstrip '' seemed inappropriate , considering it was nothing more than a belt of dirt lined with white rocks . 
 ten people stood off to the side of the runway , next to a stack of luggage . 
 scarlett and sal waited with them . 
 at a few minutes before ten o’clock , a boy pointed to a silver glimmer in the gunmetal gray sky , which eventually resolved into a plane . 
 the pilot did a low fly-by , likely checking for animals on the runway , then swooped back and taxied to a stop . 
 kit came over from the hilux . 
 `` i will be leaving you , '' he announced . 
 `` thank you for the lift , kitoi , '' sal said , stuffing some folded bills into the front pocket of the man 's shirt . 
 `` aside from nearly letting a lioness eat us , you did a fine job . '' 
 he joined the queue to get on the plane . 
 `` ignore him , kit , '' scarlett told him . 
 `` you and cooper were fabulous hosts . '' 
 `` akipenda chongo huita kengeza . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` when in love , a person will always find excuses for their lover . '' 
 he glanced momentarily at sal . 
 `` i wish you wisdom and prudence , miss cox . '' 
 scarlett watched him go , considering his words . 
 then she climbed the three-step ladder and boarded the plane . 
 it was a twelve-seat twin turbo-prop beechcraft . 
 sal called these things pond jumpers ; she called them coffins with wings . 
 even when she was seated her hair , which she 'd pulled back into a messy red bun atop her head , barely cleared the roof . 
 after the pilot loaded the luggage into the cargo hold , the little plane shot down the runway and wobbled into the air . 
 there was no cabin crew , which meant no inflight service . 
 scarlett still was n't hungry , but she would have gladly settled for a coffee or tea , simply for want of something to distract herself . 
 she felt awkward and uncomfortable sitting beside sal , fully aware he was there , pretending he was n't . 
 it was as bad as riding an elevator with a stranger . 
 she kept expecting him to say something , to break their unofficial non-speaking arrangement . 
 she did n't know what she would do if that happened . 
 listen to what he had to say ? 
 get into it with him ? 
 ignore him completely ? 
 the ruminations , however , turned out to be pointless . 
 sal was apparently content to sit there and play by the rules of the game -- and he was better at it than she . 
 in fact , he seemed completely indifferent to the negative energy she felt , stretching nonchalantly several times , crossing his legs , even yawning . 
 when he closed his eyes , she could n't help but wonder if he was taking a nap . 
 she shoved his arm off the armrest they shared and took it over . 
 twenty minutes into the fifty-minute-long flight , her rear started to go numb . 
 she shifted her position in the seat and felt something small and hard in her pocket . 
 she took it out . 
 it was the compass-pendant she 'd bought at the arusha market . 
 that 's when she realized she was wearing the same zebra-print dress she 'd worn on the first day of the safari . 
 it had been simple and easy and the first thing she 'd pulled out of her suitcase that morning . 
 she turned the pendant over in her hands , then looped it around her neck , next to the tiger claw . 
 when the plane landed at arusha airport , she and sal collected their luggage and went out front of the blue-trimmed building to hail a taxi . 
 `` do you need a car , sir ? '' 
 a black man said , walking quickly toward them . 
 `` we 're going to kilimanjaro airport , '' sal told him . 
 `` no problem , sir . 
 come with me , sir . '' 
 the man led them past well-manicured shrubs and around a corner to a parking lot , where three cars were parked . 
 scarlett stopped . 
 `` where 's the taxi ? '' 
 the man pointed to an idling beige mercedes . 
 `` see ? '' 
 `` that 's not a taxi . '' 
 `` do n't worry , ma’am . 
 it is a good car . 
 it will get you where you need to go . 
 no problem . '' 
 `` it 's not a taxi . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 it 's a good car . 
 no problem . '' 
 `` you heard him , '' sal said . 
 `` it 's a good car . '' 
 he got in the back . 
 scarlett hesitated . 
 she did n't want to get into an unlicensed taxi . 
 but she did n't see any other option . 
 the other passengers on the plane had already commandeered the two legitimate taxis that had been waiting . 
 she climbed in , wincing as the trunk slammed shut . 
 the man drove them through the grimy yet colorful streets of arusha with frightening aggression , honking and swerving and mumbling in swahili to himself . 
 at one intersection they were almost sideswiped by a truck . 
 nevertheless , they made it out of the city alive , the buildings giving way to sprawling maize and wheat estates and coffee plantations . 
 scarlett broke her day-long silence and said , `` i 'm not coming to dubai . '' 
 sal studied her . 
 `` where will you go ? '' 
 `` back to la. '' silence . 
 `` listen , '' he said , clearing his throat . 
 `` i think we need to talk about -- '' suddenly the driver swerved to the shoulder of the road and slammed on the brakes , throwing scarlett and sal forward in their seats . 
 he jumped out of the front , yanked open the back door , and yelled at them to get out . 
 `` what are you -- ? '' 
 sal cut himself off . 
 `` hey . 
 okay . 
 take it easy . '' 
 scarlett leaned forward so she could see past sal . 
 she gasped . 
 the man was pointing a snub-nosed revolver at them . 
 hands raised , sal got out . 
 scarlett followed . 
 `` give me your wallets ! '' 
 the man said . 
 there was intensity in his eyes that had n't been there before . 
 fear or lunacy or bravado or all three . 
 `` fast ! 
 or i shoot you ! '' 
 sal reached into the inside pocket of his blazer and handed over the croc-embossed calfskin wallet scarlett had bought for him on their honeymoon . 
 she 'd chosen it because the designer 's name -- salvator -- was so similar to his own . 
 for a moment she was furious . 
 who was this jackass to take it from her husband ? 
 but when the jackass pointed the revolver at her , the fury vanished in a heartbeat . 
 `` you too ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` your wallet . 
 now ! '' 
 scarlett fumbled around inside her handbag . 
 `` no ! 
 the whole bag . 
 on the seat . '' 
 she did as he asked . 
 `` walk away . 
 go ! '' 
 hands raised again , scarlett and sal back-stepped . 
 good obedient victims , she thought . 
 no one 's getting shot over a few dollars here . 
 take what you want . 
 we got plenty more where that came from . 
 the man ducked back behind the wheel , slammed the door , hit the gas . 
 the mercedes ' tires spun on the loose gravel , then the car shot away , leaving a cloud of blue smoke and gray dust behind it . 
 scarlett pictured the scam artist grinning greedily when he went through her wallet later . 
 she must have had five hundred dollars in it . 
 `` perfect , '' sal quipped , waving his hand in front of his face . 
 `` bloody well perfect . '' 
 `` it 's not such a big deal , '' she said , her voice unsteady . 
 he arched an eyebrow . 
 `` oh no ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we 'll just cancel our cards . '' 
 `` i do n't know about you , cara mia , but my passport was in my suitcase . 
 and the suitcases are in the trunk of that mercedes . '' 
 she had n't thought of that . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 `` we 'll have to get to the nearest us embassy . 
 i 'm guessing that 's in dar es salaam . '' 
 `` will they let us on the flight ? 
 i mean , without id or anything ? '' 
 `` grab a magazine and point to your goddamn picture . '' 
 rolling her eyes at him , scarlett looked around . 
 mt. kilimanjaro towered to the north while fields stretched away in every other direction . 
 `` even if they do let us on the flight , '' she said , `` we still need to get from the airport to the embassy . 
 i do n't have any money -- '' `` do you have your phone ? '' 
 `` who do you want to call ? 
 danny ? '' 
 she said , taking a cheap shot . 
 `` think he can get you out of this mess too ? '' 
 `` do you have your goddamn phone or not ? '' 
 `` do i look like i have my phone , sal ? '' 
 she turned in a circle . 
 `` where do you think i keep it ? 
 in my bra ? 
 my garter belt ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i knew getting into that car was a bad idea . '' 
 `` you 're saying this is my fault ? '' 
 `` as a matter of fact , i am . 
 that 's exactly what i 'm saying . '' 
 `` the airport ca n't be more than ten miles away , '' he said , shading his eyes and looking in the direction the mercedes had gone . 
 `` i 'll call the office from there . 
 get something worked out . 
 can you keep up ? '' 
 not , `` do you think you can make it ? '' 
 not even , `` can you make it ? '' 
 just , can you keep up ? 
 that was the last straw . 
 `` i 've had enough , sal , '' she said . 
 `` this is too much . 
 everything . 
 i thought i could cope . 
 i thought we could fix things . 
 i thought we should at least try to fix things . 
 but i was wrong . 
 it 's not going to work . '' 
 she took a deep breath , bracing herself for his reaction . 
 `` i want a divorce . '' 
 he did n't react . 
 did n't say a word . 
 he simply stared at her for a long moment , then turned away and started walking in the direction of the airport . 
 scarlett watched him go , full of mixed emotions . 
 when he was far enough ahead that he began to shimmer in the heat haze , like a mirage that would disappear at any moment , she followed . 
 chapter 14 the third car scarlett thumbed was a cherry-red toyota rav 4 . 
 it pulled over twenty feet ahead of her . 
 she caught up to it and opened the passenger-side door , surprised to find a handsome western man inside . 
 `` thank you so much for stopping , '' she said above the song on the radio , something funky with an african beat and an arabesque melody . 
 `` i 'm going to kilimanjaro airport . 
 there 's a turnoff just up ahead . 
 if you could take me that far , i would really , really appreciate it . '' 
 `` no worries , '' the man said in an australian accent . 
 `` hop on in . '' 
 scarlett got in , fastened her seatbelt , and they were off . 
 `` i 'm thunder . '' 
 he offered her his hand , which dwarfed hers . 
 `` i 've never heard that name before , '' she said , shaking his hand . 
 `` i 'm scarlett . '' 
 `` thunder from down under . 
 thor . 
 i 've gotten it all . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` better , i reckon , than rain or river or greenland . 
 my mum was a self-confessed flower child back in the sixties . '' 
 `` thunder 's very nice . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he nodded ahead . 
 `` pretty far walk to the airport . '' 
 `` i was robbed . '' 
 he slanted her a look . 
 `` you 're having me on ? '' 
 `` he took everything -- wallet , passport , luggage . 
 god , there 's my husband ! '' 
 she pointed to sal , who was walking along the same shoulder she 'd been on . 
 for a moment she considered telling the australian named thunder to keep driving . 
 then she considered telling him to slow down so she could flick sal the bird . 
 in the end she said , `` i 'm sorry about this , but would you mind giving him a lift as well ? '' 
 `` anything for a damsel in distress . '' 
 he rolled to a crawl to pace sal . 
 she hummed down the window . 
 `` get in , sal . 
 he 's giving us a lift to the turnoff . '' 
 sal barely glanced at her . 
 `` i think i 'll walk . '' 
 `` do n't be ridiculous . '' 
 `` i 'll see you at the airport . '' 
 she shook her head in frustration . 
 `` you heard him , '' she told thunder . 
 `` he 's enjoying the exercise . '' 
 as thunder accelerated away , she watched sal shrink and vanish altogether in the side mirror . 
 `` is he going to be all right ? '' 
 thunder asked . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` he 's a big boy . '' 
 `` seemed a bit of a grumpy bugger , you ask me . '' 
 `` we had a fight . '' 
 `` about the robbery ? '' 
 `` among other things . '' 
 `` ah , right-o . 
 personal . 
 wo n't say another word . '' 
 scarlett studied the australian . 
 the top of his head almost touched the roof of the car , and he seemed to be hunched over the steering wheel , like a kid who 'd outgrown his big wheels . 
 he was well built , lean rather than bulky . 
 his skin was about as dark as sal 's , but from the sun rather than natural pigmentation , which was obvious enough given his neatly brushed blond hair and bright , almost electric blue eyes . 
 `` you know , '' she told him , `` you look like a stereotypical australian . '' 
 `` you reckon ? 
 well , i 've been called worse things than a stereotype . '' 
 `` i did n't mean it in a bad way . '' 
 `` i 'm just having a go , hey . '' 
 the song on the radio ended and was followed by another with a heavy drum beat . 
 `` you like this stuff ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` would n't mind some good old acadaca , tell the truth . '' 
 `` aca who ? '' 
 `` you know . 
 ` back in black . ' 
 ` highway to hell . '' ' 
 `` you mean ac/dc ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 acadaca . '' 
 scarlett smiled . 
 she liked thunder . 
 `` i have a few australian friends , '' she told him . 
 `` stereotypes like me ? '' 
 `` unfortunately not . '' 
 he grinned at her . 
 `` should i take that as a compliment ? '' 
 `` take it any way you like , '' she told him , and felt a sudden flush color her cheeks . 
 was she flirting ? 
 a whole five minutes after telling her husband she wanted a divorce ? 
 nonsense . 
 she was merely having a little fun , letting off some steam . 
 she deserved it after the week she 'd had . 
 she 'd almost died in a car crash . 
 learned someone had tried to kill sal . 
 was nearly eaten by a lioness . 
 and , if that all was n't enough , she was now looking at a divorce . 
 so why not have a few laughs with the australian if it made her feel a little better about everything ? 
 `` what do they do ? '' 
 thunder asked . 
 `` your aussie mates ? '' 
 `` two of them are actors . '' 
 `` there 's a good gig , i reckon . 
 read a few lines , blow a few things up , and get paid for doing it . '' 
 `` admittedly , i 've never heard of acting described quite like that . '' 
 `` how about the others ? 
 your aussie mates again . 
 they ca n't all be actors . '' 
 `` just one more . 
 she 's a singer . '' 
 `` actors and singers . '' 
 he whistled . 
 `` bloody hell . '' 
 he peered through the windshield at a passing road sign . 
 `` how far is the airport from the turney ? '' 
 `` the turnoff ? 
 i 'm not sure . 
 maybe five miles . '' 
 `` tell you what . 
 i 'll drive you there myself . '' 
 `` it 's out of your way . '' 
 `` no dramas . 
 you 're the best conversation i 've had all arvo . '' 
 `` you had better conversation this morning ? '' 
 she teased . 
 `` there was this woman back at the hotel in arusha . 
 only had a few teeth , could barely speak english , but she swore she was an aristocrat . '' 
 `` you were in arusha ? '' 
 `` it was base camp for the climb up kili . '' 
 he nodded out the window at kilimanjaro . 
 `` oh wow . '' 
 she craned her neck to stare up at the massive snow-capped mountain . 
 `` was it dangerous ? '' 
 `` nah . 
 the fourteen in the eight-thousand-meter club are the ones you have to be careful with . 
 everest , lhotse , k2 ... '' `` have you climbed any of those ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 but i reckon i 've just found a new hobby . 
 how about you ? 
 safari ? '' 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 `` every foreigner up this way is either climbing kili or going on safari . 
 that , or they 're with some church group spreading the good word . '' 
 `` where are you going now ? '' 
 `` dar es salaam . '' 
 `` you 're not flying ? '' 
 he jerked a thumb at the backseat . 
 scarlett turned and saw it was piled high with climbing gear , so much so sal would have had a tough time squeezing in back there . 
 `` more in the boot too , '' he said . 
 `` they barely let me take it on the jet from brizzie . 
 no way it was all getting on one of those rinky-dinky things that fly up here . 
 where do you reckon i turn ? '' 
 `` no much farther , '' she told him . 
 `` do you do this a lot ? 
 climb mountains and stuff ? '' 
 `` i 'm a lawyer actually . '' 
 `` you 're kidding . '' 
 `` ca n't see me in a suit ? '' 
 she eyed his board shorts and flip flops . 
 the slogan on his t-shirt read : `` kimchi cures bird flu . '' 
 `` no , i ca n't , '' she said with a smile . 
 `` that the turney ? '' 
 she made an impulsive decision . 
 `` keep going . '' 
 `` wait , there 's a sign . 
 this is it . '' 
 he flicked the blinker . 
 `` keep going , '' she repeated . 
 he gave her a curious look , but did n't slow . 
 `` i 'm going to dar es salaam as well , '' she explained . 
 `` you want a ride all the way there ? '' 
 he said , surprised . 
 `` if you do n't mind ? '' 
 `` not at all . 
 but what about your flight ? '' 
 `` screw it . '' 
 `` and your husband ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` screw him too . '' 
 scarlett was pleased with her decision to remain in the car . 
 not only was thunder a much needed breath of fresh air , he was genuine , a rare find among her hollywood crowd . 
 and apparently he did n't recognize her , which was also a refreshing change . 
 she felt like she could be herself , without the pressure of meeting the impossible ideals that people expected movie stars to meet . 
 indeed , instead of thunder telling her what she was n't , he was accepting her for what she was . 
 moreover , she no longer had to worry about negotiating her way onto the plane , getting from the airport to the embassy , and most of all , sal . 
 in short , she could n't have asked for a better stroke of luck than for the australian to have come by when he did . 
 during the ride , scarlett told thunder a little about the safari , purposely omitting the hot air balloon ride and the lioness attack . 
 the balloon ride was personal . 
 the lioness attack was just plain disturbing to recount , even now , in the light of day . 
 then she asked him about his climb up kilimanjaro . 
 she 'd never known someone who 'd climbed a mountain before , certainly nothing the size of kilimanjaro -- the only thing most of her friends climbed , including herself , were stair climbers -- and she was both fascinated and impressed . 
 according to thunder , there were a number of routes to the summit . 
 he had taken lemosho , the longest and most scenic . 
 seven days of hiking through terrain such as rainforests and snowfields and ice cliffs . 
 he 'd hired two porters -- a cook and a guide -- and they were the ones who 'd told him the tales concerning the eight-thousand-meter club , tempting him to give one of them a go . 
 he told her if he ever made it to the top , he was going to hit a golf ball off it , to get into the guinness book of world records . 
 she still was n't sure whether he was kidding about that or not . 
 `` why did you come to africa in the first place ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` short and long of it , my dad died , which made me sort of pause and evaluate my life . 
 and to tell you the truth , i did n't like the direction it was heading . '' 
 `` you mean as a lawyer ? '' 
 `` i worked my arse off for the past ten years . 
 put in the hours , moved up through the firm . 
 but i realized the next ten would be more of the same , and the ten after that . 
 more money , i reckon , more prestige , but nothing new . 
 so i left . '' 
 `` so you 're not on vacation ? 
 you actually quit ? '' 
 `` best decision i ever made . 
 i finally feel free . 
 climbing kili , all i thought about was getting to the top . 
 nothing else . 
 no deadlines , no clients , no contracts , nothing . '' 
 scarlett realized she was envious of him . 
 `` what are you going to do now ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` no idea . 
 but i 've saved up enough to last me a while until i figure it out . '' 
 scarlett wondered if she could ever quit acting just like that . 
 for so many years it had been all she 'd wanted to do . 
 recently , however , the glam was wearing thin , and it was starting to feel more and more like hard work . 
 the early mornings and long hours in the makeup chair , the charity dinners and interviews and photo shoots , the constant pressure of shouldering multimillion dollar productions . 
 then again , if she ever did quit , what would she do with her time ? 
 sleep in late every day ? 
 climb mountains ? 
 sail around the world ? 
 sure -- why not ? 
 a swahili hip hop song spliced with an english chorus came on the radio . 
 it was pretty catchy , and they listened to it in silence for a while . 
 she saw another junked car on the side of the road , bringing her number count to twelve so far . 
 five miles farther on thunder mentioned he needed gas and pulled into a shell station . 
 `` petroli ? 
 dizeli ? '' 
 an attendant said , rushing over as they got out of the car . 
 `` do whatever you need to do , mate , '' thunder told him . 
 the attendant shook his head , not understanding . 
 thunder wrapped his arm around the much smaller man 's shoulder , pointed to the gas cap , and pantomimed filling the tank . 
 the little guy grinned and got to work . 
 thunder went to the small service station to pay , and scarlett , alone for the first time in hours , found herself wondering about sal . 
 namely , where he was right then . 
 probably already at julius nyerere international airport . 
 but so what ? 
 once she reached the us embassy , she 'd get an emergency passport issued , get her manager to wire her some money , then buy a ticket on the first flight back to la. . 
 she 'd be home soon enough . 
 she did n't need sal . 
 she 'd made the right choice leaving him back there on the highway . 
 thunder returned a few minutes later and said , `` any idea what time your embassy closes ? '' 
 he handed her an orange juice . 
 `` this is the main highway to northern and eastern tanzania . 
 if it 's anything going into the city like it was coming out , then there 's going to be heaps of trucks . 
 traffic 's going to be killer . '' 
 scarlett checked her wristwatch . 
 it was two o’clock . 
 was there a duty officer or someone on staff 24/7 in case of emergencies ? 
 she did n't know , and she wondered what would happen if she missed getting to the embassy before it closed . 
 she did n't have money to rent a hotel room anywhere , which meant she would have to find a twenty-four-hour coffee shop and stay awake all night . 
 at least she did n't have to worry about getting robbed again : she had nothing more to give . 
 no , that was n't true . 
 she still had her watch and jewelry . 
 could she pawn some of it ? 
 her engagement ring alone would get her a week in the city 's top hotel with plenty of change to spare . 
 `` i do n't have a mobile , '' thunder went on . 
 `` but there 's a payphone over there . 
 why do n't you ring the embassy ? '' 
 he handed her a phone card . 
 `` i picked this up inside . 
 the phones do n't take coins . '' 
 impressed by his thoughtfulness , scarlett hurried past the pumps to a payphone in a yellow-and-white booth . 
 she scanned the plaque titled `` welcome to rafiki user instructions , '' picked up the receiver , and found the instructions to be redundant as a recorded voice prompted her to choose between either english or swahili . 
 two minutes later she was back at the car . 
 `` the embassy closes at six , '' she said . 
 `` then let 's get cracking , '' he said . 
 `` it 's going to be tight . '' 
 chapter 15 the newly rebuilt dar es salaam american embassy was located along old bagamoyo road at msasani village . 
 it was a massive twenty-plus-acre compound , trapezoidal in shape , and gently sloping to the north . 
 the tops of the chancery and other buildings could be seen above the stone perimeter security wall . 
 thunder pulled into the staff and visitor parking , stopping next to a land bank that looked as if it was reserved for future development . 
 it was 5:30 p.m. , giving scarlett thirty minutes to spare . 
 `` thank you so much , thunder , '' she said . 
 `` you 're a life saver . '' 
 `` you going to be right ? '' 
 `` if these guys ca n't help me , who can , right ? '' 
 he handed her two yellow fifty dollar bills . 
 `` take this . '' 
 `` looks like monopoly money . '' 
 `` aussie money . 
 i 've had no problem using it . '' 
 `` did you enjoy my company that much ? '' 
 `` even if you get an emergency passport issued , you 're going to need a place to stay tonight . '' 
 `` i 'll get money wired . '' 
 `` banks are closed now . '' 
 `` surely the embassy has some service that deals with situations like mine . 
 they 'll figure something out . '' 
 `` and if they do n't ? '' 
 `` i can pawn my watch . '' 
 `` do n't be daft . 
 i might be unemployed , but i 'm not broke yet . 
 take it . '' 
 scarlett reluctantly accepted the money . 
 `` thank you again , thunder , really . '' 
 she leaned across the seat and kissed him on the cheek , letting her lips linger for a moment or two longer than appropriate . 
 a loud pop , like a blown tire , startled them apart . 
 scarlett snapped her head toward the embassy gate . 
 a marine was lying on his side , next to an idling white van . 
 suddenly three more vans screeched around the corner , pulling up behind the first . 
 the tailgates burst open and six men spilled out . 
 they all wore scarves around their faces and carried ak-47s . 
 they immediately sprayed the gatehouse with bullets . 
 one of them lobbed a grenade . 
 thunder yanked scarlett down against the seat and covered her with his body . 
 the spitfire cadence of the assault rifles on full automatic continued . 
 there was a loud bang -- the grenade going off -- followed by a motor revving and roaring away in the direction of the embassy . 
 all of this happened in the space of a few seconds , not more than a hundred feet away . 
 scarlett was crazily thinking she was on a movie set -- the marine on the ground an actor , the machine guns shooting blanks -- only she knew what blanks sounded like , and it was n't anything like the screaming , angry roars of those automatic weapons . 
 a thunderous second explosion dwarfed the first . 
 vibrations burrowed up through the seat , rattling her teeth and bones . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut as a shockwave imploded all of the rav 4 's windows . 
 gummy shards of safety glass rained down on them . 
 that was no pyrotechnics . 
 `` my god ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` quiet , '' thunder said . 
 he pushed himself up and off her . 
 she titled her head and saw him peering over the dashboard , through the open space where the windshield had been . 
 she sat up . 
 the remaining three vans were speeding through the embassy gate . 
 one wall of the gatehouse was in rubble . 
 a funnel of black smoke curled into the air , beyond the perimeter wall . 
 thunder said something . 
 `` what ? '' 
 her ears were ringing loudly . 
 `` stay here ! '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` they might still be alive . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 he said something else , but she did n't catch it . 
 the low whine in her head was like electricity whistling along a wire , driving her crazy . 
 he shoved open the door and took off , keeping his head low , running toward the marine lying prone on the ground . 
 she followed , not sure what she was doing , only that she wanted to be doing something . 
 she stopped next to thunder , her eyes widening in horror . 
 the head of the young man in the desert battledress uniform at her feet was surrounded by a pool of blood . 
 half his face was missing . 
 she spun away and vomited everything that was in her , which was n't much . 
 she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand while looking around through blurry eyes for thunder , who was nowhere in sight . 
 `` thunder ! '' 
 he appeared through the hole blown in the wall of the gatehouse . 
 he shook his head . 
 they 're all dead , she thought , feeling sick again . 
 that 's what he means . 
 the guards are all dead . 
 through the open gate scarlett saw a large crater dug into the ground in front of the chancery building . 
 wreckage from the suicide vehicle was scattered over the green grass and among the flame trees . 
 aside from the broken windows and the black blast marks on the stone façade , the structure seemed largely undamaged . 
 the american flag atop the twenty-five-yard flagpole flapped undaunted in the wind . 
 then the front doors to the main entrance flung open and four gunmen herded a group of men and women into one of the waiting vans . 
 scarlett 's instincts told her to run , but her feet remained soldered to the ground . 
 she watched what played out dreamily , as if it were all happening in slow motion . 
 a terrorist attack , she thought , the reality of the situation clubbing her over the head with an almost physical force . 
 i 'm witnessing a terrorist attack . 
 not on the news . 
 right here , right now . 
 three more gunmen emerged through the doors , herding more hostages . 
 one of them was sal . 
 before she could think better of it , she shouted his name . 
 a terrorist pointed at her . 
 that slapped her out of her dazed stupor . 
 time slung-shot forward . 
 her vision returned to normal . 
 sound bubbled back . 
 shouts in arabic , cries in english . 
 a burnt , chemical smell hung over everything . 
 the same terrorist leveled his gun . 
 red fire erupted from the muzzle . 
 thunder snagged scarlett 's hand and they fled back to the rav 4 , scrambling inside . 
 thunder threw the transmission into reverse . 
 the tires squealed as the car shot backward . 
 as they neared the gatehouse , he hit the brakes , tugging the wheel to the right . 
 the front tires skated across the asphalt in the opposite direction , coming to rest pointed toward the street . 
 he shoved the gearstick into first and stamped the gas again . 
 before he switched to second , however , there was a jolting crash . 
 they did n't have their seatbelts on and scarlett slammed forward against the dash while thunder shot up , cracking his head on the roof . 
 she swung around in her seat . 
 one of the vans was right behind them . 
 `` go faster ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 the van swerved to the left , pulling parallel to them , its engine roaring . 
 metal screamed as the two vehicles traded paint . 
 scarlett could see the driver only a few feet away . 
 he stared at her , his eyes narrowed slits filled with black hatred . 
 his scarf blew away in the wind , revealing a horribly burned face . 
 `` faster ! '' 
 she urged in a voice she scarcely recognized as her own . 
 the van swung hard to the right , sideswiping the smaller and lighter toyota , causing the steering wheel to spin wildly in thunder 's hands . 
 the car careened off the road and collided head-on with the trunk of a palm tree . 
 scarlett saw a burst of white moments before the airbag exploded in her face . 
 a snowy darkness faded to black . 
 chapter 16 thursday , december 26 , 7:33 p.m. dar es salaam , tanzania fitzgerald snapped off the television and remained seated on the bed for a long time , thinking . 
 his job , it seemed , had just become a hell of a lot more difficult . 
 he was n't surprised the terrorists had attacked the american embassies on the tenth anniversary of the original nairobi and dar es salaam bombings . 
 he was well aware of how history , and warfare by extension , repeated itself . 
 what did surprise him , however , was that the man he 'd been hired to kill had somehow gotten himself tangled up in the whole bloody mess . 
 nevertheless , to keep things positive , fitzgerald 's earlier foresight was now proving to be more important than ever . 
 back in the serengeti , when he 'd surveyed the safari camp from the kopje , he 'd realized he would n't get another chance at brazza , not there anyhow . 
 the camp had been too small . 
 too many potential witnesses for him to have pulled off something unnoticed . 
 and taking them all out would have been suspicious . 
 you could murder lowlifes with little thought to circumstance and consequence , but he did n't take out lowlifes . 
 the privilege of his clientele often extended to their deaths . 
 so when brazza and cox and the stocky fellow had gone off in the balloon , and the cook had followed on the ground , fitzgerald had slipped two tracking devices into brazza 's belongings -- one in his suitcase , another in his blazer . 
 the reasoning was simple . 
 if he could n't get brazza in africa , then he 'd get him in dubai or la or wherever he went to next . 
 which , as fate would have it , was now going to be some al qaeda stronghold . 
 fitzgerald flipped open his macbook , attached a white receiver about the size of an external hard drive to a usb port , and used his wi-fi enabled thumb drive to connect to the internet . 
 the two tracking transmitters sent signals to the twenty-four department of defense satellites orbiting the earth . 
 the receiver could triangulate the transmitter 's location to within eight inches and one-quarter mph . 
 he frowned at the screen now . 
 there were two dots on the map . 
 one was in moshi , a town in the northeast of tanzania . 
 the other was on the b129 , between dar es salaam and dodoma , tanzania 's capital . 
 he watched and waited . 
 the one in moshi remained immobile while the one on the b129 moved west . 
 he reviewed the archives and discovered that from the time he 'd activated the transmitters in the serengeti , both had stayed together until arusha , when , on the highway near mt. kilimanjaro airport , they 'd diverged . 
 had brazza and cox split up then ? 
 that could n't be right . 
 they 'd both been at the dar embassy . 
 since that was the case , he ignored the tracker in moshi and focused on the one that had gone through dar and was now heading west . 
 he spent another minute watching more of the same , then went to the window and lit a kent . 
 he inhaled deeply , exhaled through his nose , and stared absently at the traffic far below him . 
 by the time the tobacco had burned to the filter , he had come to the conclusion this new twist of events might actually be to his advantage . 
 because now he would n't have to bother with making the kill appear accidental . 
 who would suspect an assassin 's bullet when salvador brazza was in the hands of al qaeda fundamentalists ? 
 he snubbed out the fag on the window ledge , returned to the bed , and looked to the part of the laptop screen where the program monitored the battery life remaining in the transmitters . 
 he had exactly two days , eleven hours before he lost the signal . 
 chapter 17 friday , december 27 , 12:01 a.m. macau , china `` manyak , '' danny zamir swore under his breath in hebrew as he skipped through the television channels . 
 he exchanged the remote for his cell phone and dialed sal 's cell number . 
 he did n't expect an answer and did n't get one . 
 he paced the hotel suite . 
 the last time he 'd spoken to sal had been approximately twenty-four hours before . 
 he 'd told him that don xi was dead and gave an update on what he 'd learned about the irishman named redstone , which , as it had turned out , had n't been much . 
 even danny 's shadiest contacts had heard only rumors about the man . 
 one was that his alias , redstone , was chosen after the first man he 'd killed , a malcolm ruby . 
 another was that he was the son of a late london crime lord . 
 another still was that he 'd single-handedly taken out an entire russian mob . 
 according to that last rumor , after the irishman had put a half-inch-wide bullet from a barrett m107 through the heart of a high-ranking member of a moscow-based mob , the mob 's boss , alexander noukhaev , tracked the irishman down to a small house on the coast of northern ireland . 
 the irishman was n't home , but his wife and daughter were . 
 they were found by police dismembered , their limbs pinned to the living room wall like some kind of macabre art exhibit . 
 less than a month later , the severed heads of noukhaev 's three sons were discovered in a garbage bag in the center of cathedral court , in the heart of the kremlin . 
 over the next two years the rest of the mob was systematically picked off one by one -- big daddies , little sixes , thirty-three men in total -- until only alexander noukaev remained . 
 then one day he simply disappeared . 
 regardless of whether that tale was true , sal had not been cheered to hear any of it . 
 the initial plan danny had devised had called for his boss to skip the prince tower 's opening and return to the us , pronto , avoiding all public events , while danny stalked the stalker . 
 now , it seemed , those concerns had become secondary . 
 kidnapped in africa , he thought . 
 christ , capo . 
 he punched another number into his cell . 
 `` yeah , i saw it , '' he snapped . 
 `` why do you think i 'm calling ? 
 round up six of our guys and meet me at the hangar at first light . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` and bring some sunscreen . 
 africa 's going to get hot . '' 
 chapter 18 thump , thump , thump . 
 scarlett opened her eyes . 
 blackness . 
 the thumping continued , loud and hollow , from somewhere above her . 
 she heard the hum of tires , felt the sense of speed . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` scarlett ? '' 
 `` sal ? '' 
 suddenly hands cradled her head , fingers brushing her hair back from her face . 
 she smelled the spicy-rose scent of sal 's cologne . 
 she struggled into a sitting position and hugged her husband fiercely . 
 `` how ? '' 
 she mumbled into his shoulder . 
 `` you 're all right , '' he said . 
 `` that noise ? 
 the banging ? '' 
 `` it was me . 
 i was kicking the damn door . '' 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 `` in a van . 
 they took us . '' 
 she recalled the explosion , the dead marines , the car crash . 
 her gut knotted with reawakened fear . 
 `` thunder ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` where 's thunder ? '' 
 she looked around , but could n't see anything in the dark . 
 `` big fellow ? 
 he 's here . 
 they brought you in together . '' 
 scarlett crawled blindly forward and discovered an inert body lying in the center of the van 's cargo body . 
 thunder . 
 she traced her fingertips up his shoulder to his face and felt something sticky on his forehead that had to be blood . 
 she probed gently , finding a gash just above the left eye . 
 she pressed the pads of her index finger and middle finger in the hollow between his windpipe and the large muscle of his neck . 
 relief filled her . 
 his pulse was strong , the rhythm regular . 
 she settled down beside him , resting his head on her lap . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 sal asked . 
 she heard him shift , as if he was settling down as well . 
 `` the man whose car you would n't get into . '' 
 `` him ? 
 he drove you all the way to the embassy ? 
 what were you thinking anyway ? 
 i had no idea where you went -- '' `` not now , sal . 
 please . '' 
 it still sounded as though she were hearing everything through cotton . 
 `` how long have i been out ? '' 
 `` only a few minutes , '' a woman said . 
 scarlett jumped . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she spun her head . 
 `` how many people are in here ? '' 
 `` my name is joanna mills . '' 
 her voice came from where the cargo body met the cab . 
 `` i 'm the vice consul at the embassy . '' 
 `` i 'm miranda sanders , '' a soft , barely-there voice said . 
 `` i 'm a clerk in the passport office . '' 
 `` they were in the atrium with me when the blast occurred , '' sal explained . 
 `` we were thrown to the floor . 
 then the gunmen came in and took us outside . 
 that 's when i saw you at the gate . 
 what the bloody hell were you doing just standing there ? '' 
 `` thunder and i had just arrived . 
 we saw a bunch of men in scarves shoot the marine at the gatehouse . 
 thunder went to see if any of them were alive and i followed . '' 
 she swallowed . 
 `` who were they anyway ? 
 al qaeda ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid so , '' joanna said . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 miranda asked . 
 she sounded young -- young and scared . 
 `` who else blows up american embassies ? '' 
 sal quipped . 
 `` watch how you speak to her , '' joanna said sharply . 
 `` i 'm in no mood for imbecilic questions right now . '' 
 `` 1965 , '' joanna said authoritatively , `` the viet cong detonated a car bomb outside the us embassy in saigon . 
 1979 , iranian students stormed the us embassy in tehran and held fifty-two american hostages for 444 days . 
 1983 , two truck bombs , this time hezbollah , against the american barracks in beirut -- '' `` and in 1998 , '' sal cut in , `` al qaeda terrorists blew up the embassies in nairobi and , guess what , this same city . 
 last i checked it was 2008 . 
 that makes it exactly ten years after the original bombings . 
 anniversaries , as you should know , are big for these guys . 
 so unless you 're telling me this is all some grand coincidence , and in fact some viet cong who 's just woken up from a coma -- '' `` shut up . '' 
 `` -- and still thinks johnson is president has decided out of all places to bomb why not -- '' `` i said shut up ! '' 
 `` i just want to make it clear that , yes , it was a very imbecilic question . '' 
 `` enough ! '' 
 scarlett shouted . 
 `` enough . 
 everyone 's stressed . 
 okay . 
 but we need to think this through . 
 figure out what 's going to happen next . '' 
 `` i 'll tell you what 's going to happen , '' sal said , still using his boardroom tone , authoritative and in control , as if he were talking about quarterly forecasts . 
 `` they take us somewhere , call up the most important politician they have the number for , and start ransom negotiations . '' 
 `` that 's if they want money , '' joanna said . 
 `` what else would they want ? '' 
 `` you said so yourself , mr. brazza . 
 this is al qaeda . 
 not some south african syndicate going after children and businessmen . 
 nor somali and sudanese tribal clans snatching up journalists and foreign aid workers . '' 
 `` it 's not political , '' sal stated flatly . 
 `` how can you say that ? 
 they bombed an embassy . '' 
 `` bombings , assassinations -- that 's political , sure . 
 kidnapping is all about money . '' 
 `` how can you know that ? 
 how can you possibly , categorically know that ? '' 
 joanna sounded half flustered , half incredulous , like sal had just told her mars was pleasant to visit in the spring . 
 `` maybe they want to put us on the internet and -- '' she bit back the words . 
 `` cut off our heads ? '' 
 `` my lord , you 're a horror ! 
 do n't you know miranda is just a girl ? '' 
 `` she better grow up fast . '' 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 scarlett shouted again . 
 `` would you two please stop ? 
 we 're on the same side here . '' 
 silence fell . 
 scarlett found it almost as bad as the infighting . 
 she could taste despair in the coffin blackness . 
 the van lurched around a corner , throwing her onto her side . 
 she pushed herself back upright , repositioning thunder 's head on her lap . 
 the engine made a dirty , revving sound , as though the driver had left his foot on the clutch for too long . 
 she prayed the bastard would get a speeding ticket , or the van would blow a tire and flip -- or swerve to avoid a pothole and shoot through a cable-and-post guardrail . 
 ironically , she would have welcomed such a fate right now . 
 god , how quickly one 's fortune could change . 
 scarlett cleared her throat . 
 `` let 's stick to the facts , okay ? '' 
 she said , trying to remain rational . 
 `` have there been any other al qaeda kidnappings in africa ? '' 
 `` there were those eleven europeans in egypt , '' miranda said . 
 `` no , hon , '' joanna said . 
 `` militiamen from darfur were responsible for that . '' 
 `` the salafist group for preaching and combat , '' sal said . 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 scarlett asked . 
 `` a rebel group that 's been fighting the algerian government in a civil war for the past decade or so . 
 when they could n't win support at home , they started looking global . 
 with al qaeda 's support , they 've become an umbrella for radical islamic factions in neighboring countries like morocco and tunisia . 
 they run training camps in the sahara and ship fighters off to iraq , where they make up as much as thirty percent of the foreign fighters there . 
 recently they 've become known as the al qaeda in the islamic maghreb . '' 
 `` you know a lot about terrorists , mr. brazza , '' joanna said , and it was tough to tell whether there was suspicion or deference in her voice . 
 `` they fascinate me , '' he said simply . 
 the truth , scarlett knew , was that before settling on mauritius as the site for a future hotel-casino , sal had looked into several other african nations , and he would have received regular reports on their political and economic environments . 
 `` are these salafist guys involved in kidnapping ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , '' joanna said . 
 `` in 2003 they kidnapped thirty-two europeans . 
 i believe the german government paid a five million ransom . 
 last year , again , they kidnapped two austrian tourists in tunisia . 
 eight million ransom that time . '' 
 `` you see , '' sal said . 
 `` it 's all about money . '' 
 `` but remember , '' joanna said . 
 `` salafist is north african . '' 
 `` who was responsible for the east african embassy bombings ten years ago then ? '' 
 scarlett asked . 
 `` the jihad organization . 
 they 've been around since the late seventies . '' 
 sal grunted . 
 `` it 's all the same thing . 
 they all follow bin laden . '' 
 in the silence that followed , scarlett thought about everything that had been said . 
 it made her head spin with incredulity . 
 cold and bleak depression washed over her in waves . 
 she saw the black smoke curling above the embassy . 
 she saw the young marine 's half-missing face . 
 she saw the crazy bastard with the third-degree burns staring at her madly before running her and thunder off the road . 
 she shoved the images aside decisively and forged her resolve . 
 sal was right . 
 the kidnappers likely only wanted money . 
 no problem . 
 name a price . 
 one million ? 
 ten ? 
 god , when they found out how much sal was worth ... `` they 're going to wants tens of millions , sal , '' she said . 
 `` will you pay them ? '' 
 miranda asked . 
 `` whatever they ask ? '' 
 `` of course , '' sal said shortly . 
 `` what good is money if you 're dead ? 
 besides , '' he added , `` i 'm insured against this type of thing . '' 
 a new thought stuck scarlett . 
 maybe in a normal kidnapping-hostage situation , the kidnappers wanted money . 
 but this was n't a normal situation . 
 she and sal were one of the most famous couples in the us . 
 al qaeda was well-funded . 
 money was secondary to them -- a means of achieving the end goal of spreading propaganda and terror . 
 so what if whoever was calling the shots decided that no amount of ransom would be worth the coverage their deaths would bring ? 
 it was a chilling possibility , one which she kept to herself . 
 several hours later the van stopped . 
 the rear doors swung open , letting inside gray light . 
 three gunmen dressed in drab-colored clothing , including the driver with the burn marks on his face , shouted at them to get out . 
 scarlett gently moved herself out from beneath thunder , whose head was still resting on her lap , and got to her feet . 
 she followed sal and hopped to the ground . 
 her cramped legs immediately gave out and she almost toppled over . 
 the nearest gunman laughed at her ; she resisted the urge to spit in his face . 
 she looked around . 
 it was dusk , but the dying light seemed bright compared to the complete blackness of the van 's cargo body . 
 the air was fresh and earthy , with not a trace of civilization in it . 
 they were in some sort of forest clearing . 
 tall , foreboding trees surrounded them on every side . 
 two primitive huts faced each other across an open hearth . 
 they were constructed from sturdy wooden poles , thin branches for horizontal tie-beams , and thatch . 
 in fact , they resembled crude facsimiles of the villa scarlett and sal had stayed in up on the rim of ngorongoro crater , only she did n't think these would boast interiors flush with long-stem roses and persian silks . 
 definitely no bathrooms with hand-beaded chandeliers and views of africa 's eden . 
 the gunman who 'd laughed at her ran his grubby hands up and down her arms and legs and fondled her crotch and breasts . 
 she gritted her teeth and endured the harassment . 
 he stuck his knobby fingers into the pockets of her dress and found the two australian fifties thunder had given her , which he kept . 
 next he examined the lion claw and compass-pendant around her neck . 
 apparently he decided they were worthless and left them where they were . 
 he ordered her to take off her wristwatch . 
 she fumbled with the clasp and handed him the gold jewelry piece . 
 he held it up in front of his face for inspection , then dropped in it the same pocket that held the fifties . 
 finally he pointed to her engagement ring and wedding band . 
 scarlett glanced over at sal . 
 he was surrendering his three hundred thousand dollar patek philippe wristwatch to the gunman with the burns . 
 joanna and miranda were also shedding their valuables . 
 it was the first time she had seen the two embassy women . 
 joanna was somewhere in her fifties with a sharp , intelligent face and short-styled hair . 
 miranda was the complete opposite -- early twenties , mousey features , long , flat hair . 
 her cheeks were streaked with tears , and she was biting her lower lip . 
 the gunman in front of scarlett barked something at her . 
 she returned her attention to him and quickly twisted off the diamond engagement ring and platinum wedding band . 
 she dumped them into his greedy , outstretched hand . 
 he grinned at the size of the diamond and made a crack in arabic to his buddies . 
 they laughed . 
 he tied a black piece of cloth around her eyes . 
 blinded , scarlett felt a renewed surge of panic . 
 he gripped her roughly by the shoulder and steered her across the clearing . 
 she stumbled and fell to her knees twice . 
 thirty or so steps later he shoved her inside what she thought was one of the huts and tied her hands behind her back to a thick corner post . 
 she heard more movement and grunts . 
 booted footsteps left the hut and the door clattered shut . 
 `` sal ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 `` joanna ? 
 miranda ? '' 
 they answered as well . 
 scarlett tested the rope binding her wrists . 
 there seemed to be about two feet of slack . 
 enough to lie down , enough to touch feet with the others , but that was all . 
 she listened for the terrorists , but did n't hear them . 
 even so , that did n't mean they were n't right outside , standing guard . 
 she swallowed hard . 
 she hated not being able to see . 
 she felt perfectly exposed and vulnerable . 
 what if the bastards decided to rape her ? 
 what would she do then -- what could she do ? 
 she imagined their hot , smelly bodies rubbing against hers , their rough beards scraping her face , their snorts of pleasure as they mounted her one after the other . 
 she would bite them , she decided . 
 she 'd rip off their goddamn noses with her teeth if they tried anything . 
 they did n't try anything . 
 the hours slipped away without event . 
 the night grew colder . 
 she did n't speak to anyone , and no one attempted to speak to her . 
 what was there to say really ? 
 how 's it going over there ? 
 sort of like camping , huh ? 
 got any marshmallows ? 
 mosquitoes feasted on her exposed flesh , their incessant whining around her head almost as bad as their pinprick bites . 
 she could n't slap them away because of her restraints and had to lay there for them , a blood buffet . 
 from somewhere not far away an owl hooted , a deep , resonant ooh-hu . 
 it almost sounded like `` who you ? '' 
 who am i ? 
 she thought vaguely . 
 my name 's scarlett cox . 
 you might have seen some of my films ? 
 no ? 
 well , next time you 're in times square or cruising down hollywood boulevard take a gander around and you 'll probably see one of my billboards somewhere . 
 maybe the estée lauder one . 
 it 's right across from the kodak theatre . 
 you ca n't miss it . 
 more minutes ticked away . 
 more silence . 
 scarlett 's shoulder muscles began to stiffen and her wrists ached . 
 she stretched out on the lumpy dirt floor and remained like that until her left arm went numb below the elbow , then she shifted to the other side . 
 she heard the others tossing and turning as well . 
 at some point -- by then , time had ceased to mean anything to her -- she ended up going over everything that had led to the current nightmarish predicament . 
 the safari had started out well enough . 
 the morning in arusha had been nice . 
 ngorongoro crater and the serengeti had been fun too -- until she 'd overheard sal on his phone in the balloon . 
 that 's when it all started to go downhill , was n't it ? 
 yes , because if she had n't overheard him in the balloon , she would n't have confronted him about don xi later on . 
 he would n't have felt the need to go off into the forest to make another call during dinner . 
 if he had n't done that , he would n't have stirred the lionesses . 
 they would n't have gotten in the subsequent argument . 
 they would n't have been on non-speaking terms during the flight back to arusha the next day , and they likely would have sat down for coffee or tea while waiting for a legitimate taxi to show up . 
 she wondered what was going to happen between them if they got out of this mess alive -- when they got out of it . 
 this morning she 'd told sal she wanted a divorce . 
 had she really meant it ? 
 she was n't sure . 
 how could you worry about divorce when you were kidnapped and being held hostage by the most infamous terror group on the planet ? 
 right now there was no future . 
 it was day by day , night by night . 
 scarlett heard sobbing . 
 it was the girl . 
 `` it 's all right , miranda , '' she said . 
 `` no , it 's not . '' 
 `` just hang in there . '' 
 `` i want to go home . '' 
 `` we 'll go home . 
 soon . 
 all of us . '' 
 silence . 
 more tossing and turning . 
 sal began snoring softly . 
 scarlett could n't sleep . 
 it was too cold . 
 she was too uncomfortable . 
 thoughts kept squeezing into the blankness she was attempting to create . 
 at what might have been around midnight she heard the faint ring of a cell phone . 
 she quickly worked herself into an upright position . 
 the ringing continued , shrill and unnatural in the stillness . 
 she guessed it was coming from the other hut . 
 it stopped . 
 muffled arabic followed . 
 a distant door banged . 
 footsteps approached . 
 the door to her hut rasped open . 
 `` you are scarlett cox ? 
 the actress ? '' 
 a voice said -- a voice that could speak perfect oxford english . 
 `` yes , i am . '' 
 `` and you ? 
 salvador brazza ? 
 the hotelier ? '' 
 sal answered in the affirmative . 
 `` may i ask why neither of you were carrying identification ? '' 
 `` we were robbed , '' scarlett told him simply . 
 `` what an unfortunate day you are having . '' 
 she did n't say anything . 
 he might find her predicament amusing , but she certainly did n't . 
 the door clattered shut . 
 scarlett let out the breath she 'd been holding , but her heart continued to knock rapidly against her ribcage . 
 now the terrorists knew who sal and she were . 
 was that a good development , or bad ? 
 `` can you believe that ? '' 
 sal said . 
 `` did you hear him ? 
 the man 's a bloody british national -- '' `` shhh , '' joanna said . 
 `` listen . '' 
 more arabic was being spoken . 
 the conversation sounded one-sided , like the man was on the phone with someone again . 
 `` yes , i 've confirmed it is indeed scarlett cox and salvador brazza , '' scarlett imagined him saying . 
 `` where would you like us to drop them off ? 
 certainly . 
 and we do apologize for the embarrassing mix up . '' 
 that , of course , was n't how it played out . 
 instead , one of the gunmen reentered the hut and untied her from the pole . 
 he yanked her to her feet , rebound her hands behind her back , and marched her across the clearing . 
 the others were being moved as well . 
 she wondered briefly where thunder was . 
 had he been in the hut with them , lying a few feet away , unconscious ? 
 in the van ? 
 in the other hut ? 
 miranda was crying . 
 sal was negotiating , offering money . 
 joanna was recanting a prayer . 
 this is it , scarlett thought . 
 this is the end . 
 they 're taking us to a firing squad , or a butcher with a sword . 
 god , she did n't want to die . 
 not now , not at thirty . 
 not like this . 
 a click and a squeal as something opened . 
 an oven ? 
 mother mary , they were going to cremate her alive . 
 they were going to cremate her and -- she was shoved forward . 
 she banged her knee against cool metal . 
 not an oven . 
 the van 's bumper . 
 the van . 
 she ignored the pain and scrambled into the cargo body . 
 someone stepped on her heel , tripping her up . 
 she had no free hands to break the fall and landed flat on her face . 
 coppery blood filled her mouth . 
 but that was okay , that was just fine , because she was n't crawling inside an oven , just the van . 
 the others clambered inside as well . 
 the tailgate slammed shut . 
 as scarlett struggled back up into a sitting position , she bumped an inert body . 
 thunder ? 
 had to be . 
 they 'd left him in the van after all . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 miranda asked between hiccups . 
 `` likely somewhere a little more secure , '' joanna told her . 
 her voice was calm , but a fragile terror soaked her words . 
 `` so they can keep us for a lot longer ? '' 
 `` we do n't know that . '' 
 `` it 's true ! 
 and it 's all because of you ! '' 
 scarlett could n't see miranda , but she knew the girl was speaking directly to her . 
 `` they know who you are now ! '' 
 miranda went on . 
 `` they 're not going ... going to let you go . 
 they 're not going to let any of us go anymore . '' 
 she burst into fresh tears . 
 scarlett did n't know what to say . 
 any words of comfort would sound empty . 
 because that was one of the possibilities she 'd drawn herself six or seven hours earlier . 
 chapter 19 after the initial relief that came with the knowledge they were n't going to be summarily executed , scarlett 's confusion and anger returned in full force . 
 there were still so many unanswered questions . 
 what had happened to the other americans who 'd been whisked away in the other vans ? 
 had any of them been rescued ? 
 what were the us and tanzanian governments doing to get all the hostages back ? 
 scarlett had overheard the secretary of state speaking to someone about iran at a white house dinner a few months back , and the woman 's words came to her now , clear and clipped : the united states does not make concessions or ransom payments , period . 
 well , gee , thanks , madame secretary , she thought . 
 maybe if you were sitting in the back of some lunatic 's van , tied up and blindfolded and bleeding , you might think twice about that blanket statement . 
 but whatever , fine , you do n't make ransom payments . 
 that 's all right . 
 because i do n't think these guys want money anyway . 
 so how about sending in a strike team ? 
 the delta boys would do just fine , thanks . 
 maybe throw in a few sharpshooters as well . 
 can you at least do that , madame secretary ? 
 the van started to heat up . 
 scarlett felt it first in the air , which became thick and stuffy , then in the metal floor , which became hot to the touch . 
 it was morning . 
 she did a quick calculation and determined that since leaving the clearing they 'd been driving for six , maybe seven hours . 
 at first she welcomed the warming temperature as it burned away the chill of the long , cold night . 
 but gradually it became a slow roast , as if the van were not a van but the crematorium she 'd feared . 
 her lips cracked and her mouth became so dry she could n't work any moisture from the saliva glands . 
 the terrorists had n't given them anything to drink yet , and she was literally drying up from the inside out . 
 she began thinking about escape -- attacking the gunmen when they opened the van doors , making a run for it -- but she soon drifted into a weird half sleep during which time she tried to convince herself she was on an airplane going to hawaii . 
 it was n't a dream because she was aware of being partly awake . 
 maybe a hallucination . 
 whatever it was , she did n't want to break the spell . 
 the flight attendants would be coming by soon to take drink orders . 
 the van hit unsealed road , jarring scarlett lucid . 
 she sat up , feeling worse than ever . 
 they bumped and jolted down some rutted road , and she became painfully aware of her aching bladder . 
 what was she going to do if she could n't hold on ? 
 wet herself ? 
 god , she hoped not . 
 hostage or not , she still had her dignity . 
 maybe they 'd pull into a mcdonald 's drive-thru for a restroom break . 
 she 'd order one of those ridiculously large thirty-two ounce , four hundred calorie soft drinks she 'd never considered ordering before . 
 mountain dew , thanks . 
 free refill ? 
 yes , please ! 
 when that fantasy wore thin , she moved onto the next in queue : being back in her indonesian-inspired bel-air home , doing laps in the infinity pool , hearing the clap of water against the tiled edges , feeling the water stream over her as she dived deep into a cool , silent world ... the van slowed to a stop . 
 doors opened and closed . 
 someone slapped the side of the van . 
 the tailgate squawked open . 
 light seeped in under the lips of scarlett 's blindfold , and she was pulled outside . 
 the fresh air was heaven sent . 
 she heard water -- waves lapping against the shore . 
 was she hallucinating again ? 
 someone started shouting in arabic , probably at her . 
 well , screw him , she thought . 
 she could n't see , could barely stand . 
 let him yell . 
 let him yell his stupid head off . 
 she remembered the stabbing pain in her bowels . 
 `` i need -- '' she tried to work up nonexistent saliva . 
 `` i need a bathroom . '' 
 she was shoved forward . 
 the sound of waves became louder . 
 she detected a sedge-like seaweed smell . 
 she stepped onto a wobbly walkway . 
 yes , definitely waves , below her now . 
 was she on a gangplank ? 
 walk the plank , matey . 
 she froze . 
 were they making her walk a plank ? 
 no . 
 why would they drive this far just to make her walk a plank ? 
 she was n't thinking straight . 
 before she could figure out what exactly was happening that same rough , vile hand urged her forward . 
 there was nothing to do but obey . 
 she took one small step after another , half expecting the next one to plummet through air . 
 that never happened and soon she was on solid ground once more . 
 the sedge smell was replaced with the astringent reek of oil and gas . 
 a boat ? 
 why were they taking her on a boat ? 
 there was more shoving and pushing and shouting until she stumbled into a hot and humid room that felt like a sauna . 
 `` who 's here ? '' 
 she said , each word like a hairball coming up her throat . 
 one by one sal , joanna , and miranda answered her , like kids responding to roll call at school . 
 scarlett wondered once again what happened to thunder . 
 was he still back in the van ? 
 had the terrorists carried him in here ? 
 she was about to call out to him when the engines coughed , then rumbled to life . 
 vibrations shuddered the ship 's superstructure . 
 `` where are they taking us ? '' 
 miranda asked . 
 `` would you stop asking that same bloody question , '' sal snapped . 
 `` you 're like a broken -- '' `` you are a boor , mr. brazza , '' joan croaked . 
 they started yelling at one another . 
 given their raspy and weak voices , it sounded like a fight at an old age home . 
 scarlett wanted to cover her ears , but she could n't because of the restraints . 
 this was hell , she thought . 
 forget fire and brimstone and pitchforks and the seven princes . 
 this was close enough . 
 she swallowed a scream -- and heard someone moaning . 
 thunder ? 
 she dropped to her knees and crawled/waddled toward the sound until she bumped a body . 
 `` thunder ? '' 
 she shouted back at joanna and sal : `` would you two please stop it ? '' 
 they went quiet . 
 `` thunder ? '' 
 she said again . 
 `` what the ... ? 
 ca n't see . '' 
 `` thunder . 
 it 's me . 
 scarlett . 
 it 's just a blindfold . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she felt him try to sit up . 
 `` my hands are tied . '' 
 `` welcome to the club , '' sal said . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 scarlett introduced everyone , then explained what happened , pausing every few seconds to give her baked throat a rest . 
 when she finished there was a hushed silence . 
 thunder surprised her with a dry laugh . 
 `` well , i came to africa looking for an adventure , '' he said . 
 `` reckon i just found one . '' 
 `` he 's in shock , '' joanna stated . 
 `` nah , i 'm right , '' he said . 
 `` just relieving some tension , hey . '' 
 suddenly rusty hinges groaned . 
 heavy footsteps approached . 
 someone tugged scarlett to her feet . 
 `` let go of me ! '' 
 she shouted , twisting in the man 's firm and calloused grip . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 sal demanded . 
 `` they 're taking me ! '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 but then scarlett was out the door , the man locking it again behind them . 
 the hand around her bicep directed her up a flight of circular steps . 
 at the top she felt a muggy breeze . 
 her restraints were removed . 
 the blindfold came off . 
 the onslaught of bright light overwhelmed her sensitive eyes , and she reflexively squeezed them shut , seeing stars and feeling momentarily faint . 
 when she cracked them open again , she was looking at worn teak floorboards and her muddy sandals . 
 her toenails were painted a frosty pink . 
 looking up , she saw she was on the top deck of some kind of riverboat . 
 it was maybe fifty or sixty feet long and in the middle of an iron-gray lake that spread away as far as she could see . 
 from the sun-bleached wood and blistered paint and rusty bolts , she guessed the boat 's heyday to be at least one hundred years ago . 
 a tarpaulin overhead provided shade from the equatorial sun , while beside her stood a scarred wooden table surrounded by several chairs . 
 aside from the gunman at her shoulder , four more leaned casually against the iron railing . 
 two were the men from the van . 
 the other three wore jungle camouflage and black keffiyehs wrapped around their heads . 
 all five had ak-47s hanging from their shoulders , and they all had hard , cold expressions . 
 one man in particular -- tall and thin and effeminately handsome -- was giving her an odd , almost creepy stare . 
 like maybe he recognized her . 
 or maybe wanted to rape her . 
 she turned quickly away . 
 there was a wheelhouse amidships . 
 through the open door she could make out the tiller wheel , throttle , and basic control panel . 
 there did n't appear to be a radio or radar or anything electronic of any kind . 
 the helmsman , who had ignored her until this point , now turned to face her . 
 it was the man from the van that had swatted the rav 4 off the road , the man with the third-degree burns . 
 scarface . 
 he was wearing a long olive-green tunic , loose pants , and no headdress . 
 he held a dainty cup of tea in his hand , which he brought to his lips , sipped , then returned to the bone-white china saucer . 
 he walked toward her , smiling an entirely fake smile . 
 scarlett lifted her chin and focused on the middle distance between them . 
 she would not be cowed by him . 
 at the table he pulled out a chair and gestured for her to sit . 
 `` please , miss cox , '' he said . 
 `` you must be tired . '' 
 so he was the british national , she thought . 
 `` i need -- '' she swallowed . 
 `` i need to use the bathroom . '' 
 `` of course , '' he replied . 
 `` it 's directly behind you . '' 
 scarlett turned and noticed a small aft cabin . 
 she crossed the deck , forcing the urgency from her step . 
 the cabin turned out to be just as dirty and rundown as the rest of the ship . 
 a couple chairs , a chest of scuffed drawers , an oil lamp , and a small table on which sat a backgammon board . 
 a frayed hammock swayed back and forth , looking more utilitarian than relaxing . 
 the toilet was in the water closet off to the right . 
 the seat was yellowed with age , and there was no plumbing , just a deep dark hole . 
 as she did her business , scarlett wondered about escape , but there was nowhere to go but down the hole . 
 back in the small room she looked for a weapon of some kind . 
 nothing . 
 she reluctantly returned outside to the sweltering heat . 
 scarface told her to sit , so she sat . 
 he saw her eyeing his tea and said , `` where are my manners ? '' 
 he made a gesture to one of the gunmen , who brought her a metal mug filled with water . 
 `` it 's boiled . 
 quite safe , i assure you . '' 
 the water was warm and tinny but tasted better than the finest champagne on ice . 
 she gulped down every last drop . 
 scarface took a seat across from her . 
 he produced a small microrecorder from his tunic pocket , pressed a button , and set it on the table . 
 `` if you 'd be so kind as to answer some questions for me ? '' 
 he said , still playing the absurd good-host act . 
 `` go ahead then , '' she replied , still playing the absurd unfazed-hostage act . 
 `` my name is jahja al-ahmad . 
 you may call me jahja . '' 
 she did not wish to do so and said nothing . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 `` you know my name . '' 
 he nodded at the microrecorder . 
 `` i would like you to tell it to me again . '' 
 `` scarlett cox . '' 
 `` do you prefer scarlett or miss cox ? '' 
 `` why are you speaking like that ? '' 
 `` english ? '' 
 `` the good manners . '' 
 `` you believe because i am currently your captor , i must be some sort of savage ? 
 i am a civilized member of society , just like yourself , miss cox . 
 or your husband , for that matter . 
 i attended the university of cambridge . 
 i have a wife who loves me very much and a beautiful daughter who loves me even more . 
 the only difference between you and i is that we differ on our politics -- differ greatly , i should say . '' 
 scarlett wanted to tell him they were about as different as black and white , good and evil , chocolate and shit , but she held her tongue . 
 `` when were you born ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` december 13 , 1978 . '' 
 `` social security number ? '' 
 `` why do you want that ? '' 
 `` answer the question , please . '' 
 and then scarlett understood , or at least she thought she did . 
 a number of terrorist groups were likely going to claim responsibility for the bombing , and the great citizen jahja with the dignified british accent and the loving wife and daughter wanted to prove to whomever he spoke that he was the real deal . 
 for a brief moment she considered giving him false information , but she did n't see how that could help her in any way . 
 she rattled off her social security number . 
 `` license plate number ? '' 
 `` which one ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 you are a famous american film star . 
 you have more than one car . 
 you must have many cars . 
 you certainly are a lucky woman . '' 
 he said something in arabic to his henchmen . 
 they erupted in laughter . 
 `` let me clarify the question , '' he went on , returning his attention to her . 
 `` which car do you drive the most ? '' 
 `` an aston martin vantage . 
 it has a vanity plate . 
 s-e-m-a-r-a . '' 
 `` what is semara ? '' 
 `` the name of the balinese god of love . '' 
 `` do you believe in a god , miss cox ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you are an atheist then ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` even worse than a christian . '' 
 he smiled thinly . 
 `` tell me your passport number . '' 
 they went on like this for another dozen questions or so , and when they finally concluded , scarlett said , `` what are you going to do with us ? '' 
 `` that is not for me to decide . '' 
 her heart sank . 
 she had been hoping he might have been the one calling the shots . 
 `` tell whoever you work for that if they want a ransom , my husband and i will pay it . 
 just give us a number . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm afraid this is n't about money , miss cox . '' 
 he stood . 
 `` please stand and turn around . '' 
 scarlett reluctantly obeyed . 
 the blindfold was replaced , her wrists bound . 
 her despair deepened . 
 the light had only reminded her of how helpless being blindfolded made her feel . 
 one of the gunmen led her back down the stairs to the main cabin . 
 `` scarlett ? '' 
 sal said . 
 `` yes , it 's me . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 then , to someone else : `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 `` what 's happening , sal ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` some chump is taking me . '' 
 `` they just want to question you . '' 
 she added quickly , `` ask for water . '' 
 the door slapped shut . 
 `` the party 's over here , '' thunder said . 
 `` follow my voice . '' 
 scarlett made her way cautiously forward . 
 she came to a wall and slumped down against it , adjusting her hands awkwardly so she was n't sitting on them . 
 `` they gave you water ? '' 
 joanna said . 
 `` sweet jesus , i 'd love some . 
 at least it 's not as hot in here as in the van . '' 
 `` what did they want to know ? '' 
 thunder asked . 
 `` personal information . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 miranda said . 
 `` proof they have me , i think . '' 
 `` proof of life , '' joanna concurred . 
 `` how many blokes are up there ? '' 
 thunder asked . 
 `` the three who were driving the van and another three dressed in camouflage . 
 and if you 're wondering , we 're in the middle of some huge lake . 
 i could n't see land in any direction . '' 
 `` there are three very large lakes along the east african rift valley system , '' joanna told them . 
 `` malawi , victoria , and tanganyika . 
 it must be one of those . '' 
 scarlett said , `` lake victoria is up near the serengeti , right ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 it 's administered by tanzania , kenya , and uganda . 
 it 's also the source of the nile . '' 
 `` what about the other two ? '' 
 thunder asked . 
 `` tanganyika is surrounded by zambia to the south , the congo to the west , burundi to the north , and tanzania to the east . 
 malawi is bordered by western mozambique , eastern malawi , and southern tanzania . '' 
 `` great , '' scarlett said . 
 `` so we could be anywhere . '' 
 `` seems that way . '' 
 with that glum news , they fell silent for a while . 
 `` oi , '' thunder said abruptly . 
 `` your husband . 
 that 's sal for salvador , am i right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' scarlett said . 
 `` salvador brazza ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` that makes you scarlett cox , the actress ? 
 or actor ... '' `` actress is fine . '' 
 `` do n't know how i missed that . '' 
 `` not quite as glamorous as in real life , huh ? '' 
 `` come off it , lettie , '' he said , purposely notching up his accent . 
 `` you 're a right sheila . '' 
 scarlett could n't help but smile . 
 `` do you guys really say that ? 
 sheila ? '' 
 `` fair dinkem . '' 
 now she laughed . 
 `` stop it . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` talking like that . '' 
 `` it 's how i talk . '' 
 `` you 're exaggerating . '' 
 `` okay , you got me . 
 busted . '' 
 `` well , you accomplished the impossible . 
 you made me laugh . 
 under the circumstances , i 'd stay that 's pretty damn impressive . '' 
 `` you sound like crocodile dundee , '' miranda said . 
 `` that 's not a knife ... '' miranda giggled . 
 `` how do you know sal ? '' 
 scarlett asked , liking thunder more and more by the minute . 
 `` i was in the corporate side of law . 
 property development , specifically . 
 my team dealt mostly with time-share resorts along the queensland coast . 
 not knowing star international would be a little like a criminal lawyer not knowing oj . 
 not saying your husband is oj ... '' his voice became hoarse , and he trailed off . 
 scarlett did n't feel so hot either . 
 the water had helped a little , but she still felt weak and faint , and she very much regretted not eating breakfast at the safari moving camp the day before . 
 she should have forced something down , regardless of how anxious about her marriage she 'd felt at the time . 
 thunder cleared his throat . 
 `` time we get serious , ladies , '' he said , the levity gone from his voice . 
 `` are you ready for the hard facts ? '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 scarlett said . 
 `` i 've been thinking this through , and i reckon there are four possible outcomes to kidnapping . 
 one is that the ransom is paid , and we 're released . 
 two , we 're rescued . 
 three , we escape . 
 and four , we 're killed . '' 
 `` there 's one more , '' joanna said . 
 `` no ransom is paid , but we 're still released . '' 
 `` fair enough . 
 i reckon we can toss that in with the first alternative . 
 now , i 'm going to be brutally honest here . 
 i 'm not sure how much faith i can put in a ransom payment bailing us out . 
 not now , not with them knowing who lettie and brazzy are . '' 
 that 's what scarlett had surmised , and what miranda had spoken out loud . 
 hearing it from thunder , however , who seemed to be a rock of stability and reason , made the prospect terrifyingly real . 
 `` that leaves being rescued , '' thunder went on . 
 `` again , ca n't see it . 
 these blokes are obviously taking extensive precautions to keep us hidden . 
 i 'm not about to consider the fourth alternative , so that leaves the third . 
 are you with me ? '' 
 scarlett nodded , even though she knew nobody could see her . 
 it was a bleak outlook , but she felt it was the truth . 
 what was that verse from the bible ? 
 and ye shall know the truth , and the truth shall make you free . 
 she wished . 
 `` so do you have a plan to get us out of here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` not yet , '' he told them . 
 `` but it 's time we start thinking of one . '' 
 chapter 20 friday , december 27 , 3:32 p.m. stuttgart , germany chief master sergeant larry cohen was sitting behind his desk in the united states africa command . 
 he finished off the dregs of his cold coffee , then drew his thumb and forefinger across his tired eyes . 
 talk about a long bloody day . 
 he was the senior enlisted leader of africom , a newly created subcommand that was responsible for us military operations in fifty-three african nations . 
 yesterday 's bombings of the kenyan and tanzanian embassies were its first major crisis . 
 larry had just ended a secure video conference with the white house situation room , and his boss , the defense secretary , had made it very clear he wanted all twenty-three hostages found within the next twenty-four hours . 
 which was next to impossible , but which , of course , larry had not said . 
 the phone on his desk rang . 
 it had been ringing all fucking day . 
 he picked up the receiver . 
 `` cohen , '' he said curtly . 
 `` shalom , chief , '' a familiar voice said . 
 larry sat back in his chair and smiled humorlessly . 
 `` i was expecting a call from you , danny . 
 is n't this exactly the kind of thing your man is paying you the big bucks to keep his ass out of ? '' 
 `` and get his ass out of . '' 
 `` this is out of even your league , my friend . '' 
 `` probably . 
 but i 'm not calling for permission . '' 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 `` everything . '' 
 larry shook his head . 
 `` christ , danny . 
 i do n't get anything from you in six years . 
 and now you call up and expect the works ? '' 
 `` what are old friends for ? '' 
 larry had known danny zamir since they were kids . 
 both had grown up in the same apartment building in the same sleepy jerusalem neighborhood , where they had spent much of their free time out front san simon monastery smoking cigarettes and chasing girls . 
 when larry was seventeen , his parents moved to the us . 
 his father was american , his mother israeli , giving him dual citizenship . 
 he did n't care much for university , so he enlisted in the air force instead , entering into active duty in 1988 . 
 danny , meanwhile , joined the tzahal -- israeli defense forces -- and less than eight months later he volunteered for the sayeret matkal , the country 's equivalent to the sas or seals , an elite special operational forces unit dealing in deep reconnaissance , counterterrorism , and intelligence gathering . 
 despite the distance and the passing of the years , however , they had remained close friends . 
 `` the truth is , '' larry said , `` i do n't have much to tell you . '' 
 `` humor me , '' danny said . 
 `` they 're an al qaeda cell that 's been active in somalia . 
 last year we learned that three senior members tied to the ’98 bombings had popped up in afmadow and hayi . 
 we hit them hard . 
 ac-130 gunship . 
 attack helicopters . 
 a dozen dead , including their leaders . 
 we thought we shut them down . '' 
 `` the media 's saying there were three vans at each embassy ? '' 
 `` correct . 
 we 're working with local police to set up roadblocks along major roads . 
 but it 's like fishing for minnows with a tuna net . 
 if you ask me , they 're already out of the cities . 
 and if they have any smarts , they 'll have all split up , which is going to make finding them that much harder . '' 
 `` who 's running the show ? '' 
 `` a saudi named abdul al-jeddawi . 
 grew up in kuwait and pakistan . 
 he was one of the guys behind bojinka back in ' 95 . 
 he and his nephew also had their hands in the original embassy bombings ten years ago . 
 since then he 's laid pretty low , but he 's been a suspect in several other international operations . '' 
 `` he 's not after money ? '' 
 `` not this guy . 
 he gets all the cash he wants through backdoor saudi charities . 
 nice to know where your oil dollars are going , huh ? '' 
 `` has he made contact ? '' 
 `` only one message so far . 
 a lot of theater about the blood of muslims being spilled , crusaders , holy warriors , all that . 
 the gist is they want a bunch of their guys released within seventy-two hours . '' 
 `` are you going to do it ? '' 
 `` you know our policy on negotiating with terrorists . '' 
 `` and i know you regularly ignore it . '' 
 `` it 's not my call . 
 i 'd say it 's a last option . '' 
 `` special forces ? '' 
 `` not off the table . 
 but we do n't even know where these fuckers are . 
 listen , danny . 
 that 's all i have . 
 it 's gone to shit here . 
 the crisis committee is pointing fingers at everybody , including yours truly . 
 i need to get back out there . '' 
 `` i 'll be in touch . '' 
 `` sure . 
 but listen . 
 like i said , this one is out of your league . 
 there is n't anything you can do -- '' danny zamir had already hung up . 
 chapter 21 fitzgerald followed the blue sedan into the parking lot of a victorian turkish bath on mawenzi road in oyster bay , a posh area of dar es salaam where many senior foreign government officials resided . 
 the sedan pulled into a corner spot . 
 fitzgerald parked three spaces down . 
 he watched the indian general get out , collect a black bag from the trunk , and enter the old brick building . 
 deciding to give him a few minutes to get comfortable inside , fitzgerald wound down the land cruiser 's window and lit a kent . 
 his mind turned to the previous evening . 
 he 'd spent much of it watching the tracker continue west across tanzania . 
 at roughly ten o’clock it had stopped seventy kilometers south of dodoma before moving again at one in the morning , continuing west , eventually reaching the westernmost border of tanzania at two in the afternoon , twenty hours after the bombing . 
 then it started across lake tanganyika , toward the democratic republic of the congo . 
 that had surprised fitzgerald -- and concerned him too . 
 if aq and the hostages had remained in tanzania , or even crossed into kenya or down into mozambique , he knew he could have caught up with them easily enough . 
 the drc , on the other hand , covered an area of more than two million square kilometers . 
 or what was roughly the size of western europe . 
 that was bad . 
 worse : years of economic mismanagement had reduced the infrastructure to ruins . 
 and then , of course , there were the rebels . 
 fitzgerald knew the sick bastards up close and personal . 
 between 2001 and 2003 , when most of the world had their eyes glued to the events following 9/11 , he had been in africa , making a small fortune taking out high-ranking officials from the eight nations involved in the second congo war -- africa 's world war -- as well as the twenty-five-and-change armed militia groups . 
 the politicians in kinshasa , the capital of the drc , were a pack of spineless muppets who did n't want to risk their national army in the fighting . 
 so instead they funded rebel factions with guns and other weapons to do their dirty work for them . 
 but a lot of these well-armed , government-backed guerilla groups became consumed with their unbridled power , ultimately raping and pillaging and participating in rampant cannibalism , with a special taste for the local pygmy population . 
 they ran unchallenged everywhere , including the katanga province along the congo 's eastern coast -- right where aq was taking salvador brazza and scarlett cox . 
 knowing all of this , fitzgerald had initially thought bollocks to following them . 
 chances were good brazza and cox would never get back out alive . 
 they 'd be killed by aq or the rebels or disease or the ruthless wildlife . 
 or some kid with a machine gun who decided he wanted to kill somebody that day . 
 nevertheless , the more he thought about it , the more he reconsidered that position . 
 aq had a pretty sophisticated network of bad guys and rocks to hide under . 
 if they were going into the congo , they probably had some sort of base set up there , or at least a safe house , which meant there was still a good possibility they would broker some kind of deal with the hostage negotiators . 
 brazza could return home unscathed . 
 if that happened , fitzgerald would be back to square one . 
 so he rang up the airlines to inquire about flights into the drc . 
 not surprisingly , there were limited connections . 
 present-day congo was n't exactly disney land . 
 kenya airways flew to kinshasa via nairobi every day , but kinshasa was way over on the western side of the country , more than fifteen hundred kilometers from where he wanted to be . 
 eventually he discovered that a united nations plane made regular stops to the eastern port town of kalemie , to resupply the aid workers stationed at the un base there . 
 the next flight left the following morning . 
 the man in charge of it was the indian general likely steaming himself in a sauna right now . 
 fitzgerald flicked the kent away , left the land cruiser , and entered the turkish bath . 
 a black man behind the front desk smiled at him . 
 fitzgerald did n't smile back . 
 `` i want to look around , '' he said . 
 the man started to shake his head but stopped himself when fitzgerald dropped fifty thousand shillings on the counter . 
 `` it 's okay ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` okay '' was the most recognized word in the world , and fitzgerald always liked hearing it . 
 he passed through the changing area and emerged in a large and airy art deco room . 
 shafts of sunlight slipped through the slit windows near the domed ceiling , casting a chiaroscuro effect on the numerous marble statues of naked men and women frozen in classical poses . 
 to his right was a steam room ; to his left , a cold plunge pool . 
 he stuck his head in the steam room . 
 it was hot and dry and smelled like eucalyptus . 
 several men in towels and slippers sat around on the wall-mounted benches . 
 no general . 
 he continued to the far end of the spa , checking each hot room he passed with no luck . 
 that left only the body-scrub room . 
 he pushed through the door and was greeted by humid air and colored quartz-tiled walls . 
 lying facedown on a raised stone platform was the plump brown general , naked and covered in suds . 
 a young middle eastern attendant stood next to him , holding a branch of soapy oak leaves . 
 `` get out , '' fitzgerald told the kid . 
 the attendant bowed and left . 
 the indian general looked up , squinting . 
 gold chains dangled from his neck , while gold rings boasting oversized gemstones adorned his fingers . 
 the fashion faux pas aside , it was a fair bit of bling for somebody who did n't clear much more than a grand a month , and it said a couple things about the general . 
 one , he was a self-conscious materialistic fuck . 
 and two , he was likely open to bribes . 
 to a western mentality , bribery was frowned upon . 
 in africa , it was simply the way things worked . 
 there was a name for it here : the dash system . 
 everybody -- police officers , politicians , military officials -- hustled for the dash . 
 government put up a lot of anti-bribery posters and talked tough about stamping out corruption , but it was all hypocritical bullshit . 
 they skimmed twenty percent off the top of everything that came their way . 
 `` general deshepande ? '' 
 fitzgerald said . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` i was told you 're in charge of the flight leaving for kalemie tomorrow ? '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` i need a seat on that flight . '' 
 `` you come here , to ask me that ? '' 
 `` aye , i did . '' 
 `` why are you dressed in street clothes ? '' 
 `` i do n't like young boys scrubbing me down . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` we 're going in circles , general . '' 
 `` the flight is for un workers . '' 
 he shook his head , his double chin wobbling like a rooster 's wattle . 
 `` no civilians . 
 call up an airline . 
 buy a ticket like everyone else . '' 
 fitzgerald knew that deshepande knew that there were no commercial flights to kalemie . 
 if there were , he would n't be chartering a plane . 
 `` one thousand dollars , '' he said bluntly . 
 there was actually a certain etiquette to offering a bribe , but he had neither the time nor the patience to see it through . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` i 'm a big supporter of what the un is doing over here , general , and i 'd like to make a one thousand dollar donation to whatever cause you find worthy . '' 
 the annoyed look left deshepande 's face . 
 it was replaced by sly calculation . 
 `` you could make this donation into a bank account of my choosing ? '' 
 `` i can do better . 
 cash . 
 tomorrow morning . '' 
 `` you are a very kind man . 
 but one thousand dollars does not go very far these days . '' 
 `` two thousand then , though i 'm afraid that is all i could possibly afford . '' 
 deshepande was silent . 
 fitzgerald waited . 
 `` why do you need to go to the congo so badly ? '' 
 `` i 'm a journalist covering the humanitarian crisis . '' 
 `` you are writing a story ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 whether fitzgerald was or was n't was a moot point . 
 the man just wanted to get their stories straight in case someone asked why he was transporting a civilian . 
 `` you know , '' general deshepande said , nodding thoughtfully , `` i believe there is room on the flight tomorrow for a journalist covering the humanitarian crisis . 
 the flight leaves at 7:55 a.m. be at jules nyerere at seven . 
 you will find me in the departures lounge . '' 
 he smiled a pudgy smile . 
 `` and it would be most convenient if your generous donation could be made in small denominations . '' 
 chapter 22 scarlett 's dreams were fleeting and unsettling and bizarre . 
 dreams of big black spaces connected by tightropes . 
 dreams of a ship rocking in a stormy ocean , of men wearing masks that were not really masks at all , of falling and falling and never hitting the ground . 
 during the most recent one she came awake with a start , a lurch in her stomach , perspiration beading her skin , her heart pounding . 
 she could n't see . 
 panic squeezed her lungs . 
 why could n't she see -- ? 
 the blindfold . 
 it all came back . 
 she was a hostage on a boat controlled by a band of terrorists . 
 when that cold reality sank in , the panic became despair , and it squeezed tighter . 
 she began to hyperventilate . 
 but slowly -- one minute ? 
 five ? 
 -- she got herself under control . 
 still rocking like a loony in a straightjacket , but under control . 
 her arms , tied behind her back , were numb from a lack of proper circulation . 
 they felt like another person 's limbs . 
 she shifted her position on the floor and rolled her shoulders to get some feeling back . 
 she had no idea of the time , but it was cold , which meant it was still nighttime -- or , depending on how long she 'd slept , even early morning . 
 her mind slipped into the past because there was nothing except blindfolds and darkness in the present to think about . 
 the previous afternoon had gone by very slowly . 
 after sal had returned from his interrogation , joanna had gone up , followed by miranda , and finally thunder . 
 they were given water and allowed to use the bathroom . 
 they were asked the same mundane questions . 
 and they all agreed that jahja was one world-class prick . 
 at some point after that one of the gunmen brought down a bowl of maize meal and another of water for them to share . 
 because they were tied up , if they wanted to eat or drink , they had to stick their faces in the bowls like animals at a trough . 
 scarlett drank some of the water , but she refused to eat any of the food . 
 it was a foolish protest , dangerous even . 
 she needed the calories . 
 but she was unable to sink to that level of desperation . 
 if she did , she would be heading down a road from which there would likely be no coming back . 
 shortly after eating the meager dinner miranda had thrown up . 
 the wet , retching sounds made scarlett sick as well . 
 but she had already emptied her stomach out from the embassy , and there was nothing more to come up . 
 sometime after that exhaustion overwhelmed her , and she drifted into a nearly comatose sleep full of those awful dreams . 
 and that was that . 
 a day in the life of a hostage . 
 scarlett maneuvered herself into a sitting position , propped her back up against the wall , pulled her knees to her chest . 
 `` anyone have a guess at the time ? '' 
 no one answered . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 no answer . 
 was she alone ? 
 she wondered with a reinvigorated burst of panic . 
 had the others been taken during the night ? 
 god , she hated this stupid blindfold ! 
 the not knowing and the continued blackness were too much . 
 like chinese torture . 
 drip-drop , drip-drop , you 're going insane . 
 nevertheless , scarlett forced herself to relax . 
 everybody was here . 
 of course they were here . 
 they were just sleeping , that was all . 
 where else would they be ? 
 on the top deck , working on their tans ? 
 she laughed softly to herself , and to her dismay it sounded like the cackle of the homeless she 'd often seen camped out on sunset boulevard or beverly wilshire . 
 she bit her top lip to shut herself up . 
 in the gloomy silence the old riverboat creaked and settled and rocked gently . 
 water sluiced against the hull . 
 mosquitoes whined and bit . 
 scarlett found herself wondering if escape was still possible , as thunder had suggested . 
 she did n't think so . 
 ditto with being rescued or released . 
 which left the unenviable fate behind door number four . 
 death . 
 as much as she wanted to write that one off as well , she could n't lie to herself . 
 what was the point ? 
 it was impossible , like trying to forget your name . 
 so if they were going to be killed , how would jahja and his cronies do it ? 
 decapitation ? 
 starvation ? 
 a bullet in the head ? 
 would she be first or last ? 
 or would everybody be executed together ? 
 maybe going out on laurel canyon boulevard would have been best after all , she thought darkly . 
 maybe that had been her real fate , and now god was trying to right the wrong , first with the lioness , now with this . 
 maybe , maybe , maybe ! 
 dammit , i do n't want to think about maybes . 
 i just want to go home , go home , go home ... scarlett was nodding off to sleep again when she heard movement on the top deck . 
 she jerked awake and listened . 
 definitely movement . 
 then something much louder . 
 the anchor being raised ? 
 the engines started up with a roar like a rudely woken dragon . 
 the entire ship rattled and shook . 
 she heard the others stir . 
 they were here . 
 of course they were , she chided herself . 
 `` wonder what 's for brekkie , '' thunder said . 
 `` how do you like your eggs ? '' 
 she asked in jest , happy to have someone to speak to . 
 `` sunny , please . '' 
 `` i 'd die for some coffee , '' joanna said , groggy . 
 `` pancakes , '' miranda said . 
 the small talk was good . 
 it was normal . 
 to keep up the charade , joanna asked miranda questions about her family . 
 miranda told her she had a pit bull named iggy . 
 thunder jumped in , saying he 'd had two dogs , a six-year-old dachshund and a fifteen-year-old golden retriever , but when the dachshund died unexpectedly of a heart attack last year , the retriever died a few days later , apparently of a broken heart . 
 scarlett told them she was a cat person and got promptly booed . 
 sometime later , long after the fake-happy conversation had tapered off and the gloom and doom returned , the engines slowed . 
 the riverboat began chugging along at what seemed like half the previous speed . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 sal said suddenly . 
 he 'd been mostly quiet since waking . 
 `` what ? '' 
 scarlett said . 
 `` i think it was a foghorn . '' 
 she listened , but did n't hear anything except for her own breathing . 
 she brushed along one of the walls until she found a window . 
 she pressed her ear against the grubby glass , but still did n't hear anything . 
 maybe sal was imagining things . 
 she would n't blame him . 
 you went a little batty when you were blindfolded for this long . 
 god knows she had . 
 `` lettie , '' thunder said . 
 `` try to pull down my blindfold . '' 
 `` my hands -- '' `` use your teeth . '' 
 they found each other in the middle of the room . 
 scarlett raised herself on her tiptoes , bit the cloth near thunder 's temple , and tried to tug the blindfold down . 
 it did n't budge . 
 she bit the cloth over the bridge of his nose and tried again , still to no avail . 
 `` let me try you , '' thunder said . 
 she felt teeth pinch the blindfold , then he started tugging down . 
 `` wait , '' she said . 
 `` try to pull up . '' 
 thunder resumed his effort . 
 the blindfold moved a centimeter or two but got caught on the ridgeline of her brow . 
 `` no go , '' he said . 
 `` no , you had it , '' she encouraged him . 
 `` try again . 
 do n't worry about hurting me . '' 
 he gave it another shot . 
 once more it got caught on her brow . 
 `` keep pulling , '' she said , trying to keep the pain from her voice . 
 the cloth dug sharply into her eyelids . 
 he kept at it , jerking like a dog trying to get at something , and finally the damn thing started to slip over the bony protrusion . 
 `` it 's working ! '' 
 she said . 
 then , all of a sudden , she could see . 
 she let out a small cry of joy . 
 `` it worked ? '' 
 sal said . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 scarlett looked around the barren room , their prison for the past day or so . 
 it was a dump . 
 rat droppings were everywhere . 
 chewed newspapers were piled in corners like nests , while stringy gray cobwebs dusted the low rafters . 
 three small porthole windows lined both the port and starboard sides of the cabin . 
 the door and a large window faced the stern . 
 joanna and miranda were standing beside each other . 
 the vice consul looked ten years older than she had the day before . 
 the passport clerk seemed deflated . 
 sal stood off by himself . 
 his face was haggard , his jaw thatched with dark stubble , but his back was straight , his head held high . 
 thunder was right next to her , seeming none the worse for wear except that his neat lawyerly hair was now a mess . 
 the cut on his forehead was red and angry looking and had started to bruise . 
 she found it an odd sensation to be able to see when no one else could . 
 it was a little voyeuristic , like being the invisible man . 
 `` the room 's empty , '' she told them . 
 `` just us . '' 
 `` what about outside ? '' 
 sal said , the iron timbre back in his voice . 
 `` are we still in the middle of that lake ? '' 
 she went to one of the starboard windows . 
 she gasped . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 thunder said . 
 `` we 're on a river . 
 going through a town or city . '' 
 `` tell me everything you see , '' joanna said quickly . 
 `` maybe i 'll recognize something . '' 
 scarlett gave a running commentary . 
 the river was a few hundred yards wide , the banks silted . 
 beyond the scattered banana trees and coconut palms , derelict buildings and billboards with faded advertisements rose up against the misty-pink morning sky . 
 a little ways ahead a bridge spanned the river . 
 people were walking along the pedestrian carriageway beneath the road . 
 `` any ideas , joanna ? '' 
 scarlett said when she 'd finished . 
 she was shaking her head , a frown on her face . 
 `` not without better landmarks , i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` dammit , '' thunder said . 
 `` keep your eyes peeled , '' sal told her . 
 scarlett said she would and went to a different window . 
 the orange sun rose higher in the sky , which gradually brightened to a crystalline blue . 
 the air warmed . 
 the buildings became sparser until there was nothing to see but virgin land . 
 she went to the stern window for a change of scenery . 
 it offered a panoramic view of the river behind them . 
 the river remained on average two hundred yards across , sometimes wider , sometimes narrower , mud brown , slithering this way and that like a long , still snake . 
 the wake churned the mocha-colored water a bubbly white , which fanned away from the stern and washed up against the tussocks of grass , lily pads , and water hyacinths that suckled the shore . 
 the spiral staircase she had climbed the day before was directly to the right of the door . 
 from her vantage point it was impossible to see up to the top deck . 
 thankfully that worked both ways . 
 she did n't know how the great jahja would react if he glanced down and saw her peering up at him . 
 every now and then someone would ask her what she saw , and each time she would tell them the same thing : nothing new . 
 eventually they stopped asking altogether . 
 for the next while the land rolled past flat and unexceptional until , quite abruptly , the riverbanks steepened . 
 tall reeds , papyrus , and trees of every shade of green rose to form impenetrable walls on either side of the riverboat , broken only by occasional drainage passages that cut deep scars in the red earth . 
 so hypnotic was the passing landscape scarlett almost missed the village spread out on a riverfront clearing . 
 when her brain registered what her eyes were seeing , she immediately snapped to attention . 
 she hurried back to the starboard window . 
 her eyes widened . 
 the huts were perched high on stilts , likely to avoid seasonal flooding . 
 the walls were made from sunbaked mud , the roofs from grass and palm fronds . 
 fishing nets had been hung out to dry . 
 several pirogues -- dugout canoes -- lined the shores . 
 two african men stood at the edge of the water , watching the riverboat pass . 
 they had perfectly black skin , scruffy western t-shirts and shorts , and no shoes . 
 one of them held an egg-beater fishing rod , the kind you find in any american sporting store . 
 `` there 's a village , '' scarlett said . 
 `` two men are watching us pass . 
 tribal people . '' 
 joanna sighed . 
 `` we 're going to need more than a couple of natives to pinpoint our location , unfortunately . '' 
 the excitement in the cabin quickly died down . 
 silence and frowns returned . 
 scarlett , however , would not be deterred and kept post . 
 time dragged . 
 hours , maybe . 
 her eyelids became heavy . 
 her mind wandered . 
 her knees began to ache . 
 just as she was considering sitting down , a second village appeared . 
 children ran along the shore , pointing at the riverboat . 
 women stood before big cooking fires , dirty clouds of smoke billowing in the air . 
 four men jumped in two pirogues , two in each , and began paddling to the center of the river , where they waited , like the pace car on a racetrack . 
 the riverboat chugged past , and scarlett saw that one pirogue was filled with plastic bottles of what might have been palm oil while the other was stacked with cassava , bread , fruit , fish , and meat . 
 she stared into the eyes of the four men . 
 they stared back at her impassively . 
 then they were gone from view . 
 `` um ... '' she said uncertainly . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 sal said , turning his head toward her . 
 `` i think we 're about to be boarded . '' 
 sal and thunder and joanna and miranda all started talking at once , asking questions she could n't answer . 
 she hurried to the stern window . 
 the africans were now paddling furiously to catch up , bobbing and dipping in the churning wake . 
 the man standing at the bow of the lead pirogue leapt , grabbed the stern deck railing , and tied up with a rope made from woven vine . 
 he was tall and agile , his muscles lean and powerful , his skin wet and glistening like oil . 
 given his physique and grace , scarlett thought he likely could have made the nba had he grown up in the us instead of africa , making millions of dollars a year playing ball . 
 suddenly booted footsteps thumped down the staircase . 
 everyone stopped talking . 
 scarlett stepped away from the window and sat down , her back to the door , her chin snug against her chest so her hair fell down over her raised blindfold . 
 she listened as words in arabic and some falsetto tonal language shot back and forth . 
 when the bartering or whatever they were doing finished , the door to the cabin opened and something heavy was tossed inside , landing with a thud on the floor . 
 the door closed . 
 the lock clicked . 
 scarlett waited several minutes to make certain the men outside had returned to their pirogues and the top deck respectively before brushing the hair from her eyes and turning . 
 a canvas sack lay on the floor , the top open , spilling out overripe fruit . 
 `` lunch time , '' she announced . 
 all at once sal and thunder and the embassy women crawled purposely toward the food . 
 sal -- who owned a walk-in closet full of thousand dollar suits and who cut his toast and egg into bite-sized pieces -- bumped a mango with a knee , found it with his mouth , and tore into it , juice dribbling down his chin . 
 miranda , unable to peel the skin from a banana with her teeth , squished it with her elbow and licked the meat of the fruit off the floor . 
 thunder and joanna chomped back yellow-skinned grapefruit . 
 it was , scarlett thought , an incredibly depressing sight . 
 nevertheless , unlike the day before , she knew she could no longer hold out . 
 if she did , she would die . 
 it was as simple as that . 
 she swallowed her pride -- her dignity -- and got on her knees . 
 she ate . 
 chapter 23 friday , december 27 , 9:55 a.m. kalemie , the congo the airstrip fitzgerald touched down at was officially called a un military installation , but it was nothing more than an open , unfenced area overgrown with weeds and low brush . 
 monuc had set up several prefabricated , air-conditioned housing units to serve as an arrivals gate . 
 inside one , a woman in a blue-and-gray uniform with a greek flag on her nametag checked his name off the manifest , then he got on a shuttle bus out front with the six other passengers from the flight . 
 an infantryman wearing a powder-blue helmet and flak jacket drove them along a sandy road into kalemie . 
 fitzgerald got off in the center of town while the bus continued on to the un headquarters , which was located in some abandoned cotton factory . 
 kalemie had been one of belgium 's first colonial settlements in the congo . 
 in honor of the belgian king at the time , albert i , it had originally been called albertville . 
 it had also been called the pearl of the tanganyika because it was the congo 's most important inland port , shipping all of the country 's vast natural resources -- cobalt , gold , diamonds -- across lake tanganyika to what was currently tanzania , and from there , to the rest of the world . 
 today kalemie resembled a ghost town populated by sad souls who had no better place to go . 
 the buildings were broken , the corrugated iron roofs rusted , the brick walls crumbling . 
 the people were subdued and quiet . 
 many were drunk . 
 as fitzgerald walked down the high street , ragtag peddlers tried to hawk him bottles of soda and knock-off batteries and other junk made in china . 
 women offered him salted fish wrapped in banana leaves . 
 he told them all to piss off . 
 no one could afford cars or motorbikes , so the only wheeled traffic was kids on aged bicycles . 
 sometimes the kids rode close to him and yelled shit , likely trying to spook him into doling out some money . 
 he ignored them but remained vigilant . 
 desperate people did desperate things , and a public tussle was the last thing he wanted . 
 he did n't think the locals would react kindly to seeing a white bloke beat the snot out of several black kids . 
 it could start a lynching , and he would be the lynched man . 
 eventually he came upon a bar named circle des cheminots , which was french for `` railwaymen 's club . '' 
 he stopped out front and tried to imagine the sagging , ramshackle building as it might have been sixty years before , filled with sophisticated people and sophisticated laughter , a mercedes benz 220s parked out front , chrome fenders gleaming . 
 but he could n't do it . 
 the reality was too far removed from the ideal . 
 it was like looking at pictures of hiroshima or nagasaki hours after the bombs were dropped and trying to imagine what the cities looked like days before . 
 he pushed through the front door . 
 the interior was roughly the same size as the pubs back home in ireland , the major difference being in an irish pub you could hardly hear the bloke next to you , whereas here you could hear a pin drop . 
 the customers were all men . 
 most were sitting alone , a drink in front of them , a hand-rolled fag hanging from their lips , blue smoke drifting up their despondent faces . 
 they all stared at fitzgerald with dead eyes . 
 he held each of those stares for several seconds until he was satisfied he had won each pissing contest , or at least managed a draw . 
 he went to the bar and ordered a beer . 
 the barwoman set a mug filled with dark warm stout in front of him and told him it cost five hundred congolese francs , which was the country 's highest banknote , worth about ninety us cents . 
 he took his money clip from his pocket , letting the woman see the fold of bills . 
 `` i need to rent a boat , '' he said . 
 `` no boats here . '' 
 he peeled an american twenty from the wad and set it on the counter . 
 president jackson stared up at them , somehow managing to appear intelligent and confused at the same time , as if wondering what the fuck he was doing in the congo . 
 `` i have no change for that , '' the woman said . 
 it came off her tongue like an insult . 
 `` it 's yours if you can find me a boat . '' 
 she stared hard at the money . 
 `` so ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` maybe i know someone who has a boat . '' 
 she disappeared into a room behind the bar . 
 kalemie did n't have working landlines , and he did n't think she had a blackberry or iphone back there , so she 'd probably left the establishment to find her boat friend on foot . 
 leaving the beer on the counter , fitzgerald sat down at an empty table . 
 he took his macbook out of the small rucksack he 'd brought and set it on the table . 
 he took the glock out and set it next to the laptop , so no one got any funny ideas . 
 he plugged in the wi-fi thumb drive and logged into his security-encrypted software . 
 what he saw on the screen pleased him . 
 the tracker was only twenty kilometers away , moving at less than ten clicks an hour down the lukuga river , a tributary that connected lake tanganyika with the headwaters of the congo river . 
 he leaned back in his chair and lit a kent , his hand unconsciously rubbing the scar along his throat . 
 he 'd received the scar while he was still a kid , serving as part of the sas 's 22nd regiment . 
 the sin féin had been holding a meeting in crossmaglen , a small village in northern ireland that bordered county monaghan in the republic of ireland . 
 special branch suspected the meeting was cover to smuggle a provisional ira bloke responsible for murders in belfast back into the north . 
 they wanted fitzgerald 's unit to photograph the man and his car . 
 it should have been simple reconnaissance work . 
 it was n't . 
 the meeting had been a trap , a distraction to stage an ambush . 
 fitzgerald , who 'd been hanging back as emergency cover fire , got a garrote around the throat . 
 he bled a whole hell of a lot -- enough that oxygen and glucose stopped reaching his brain and he passed out . 
 which was lucky for him , because the guy who 'd jumped him thought he was dead and did n't put a bullet in the back of his head . 
 he woke up back at base with twenty-seven stitches across his throat . 
 no one else from his unit survived . 
 fitzgerald chain-smoked a couple more fags until some twenty minutes later the someone the barwoman knew showed up at the railwaymen 's club , pissed out of his gourd . 
 he was wearing a pair of plaid shorts and an unbuttoned shirt , revealing his hairless chest and belly . 
 fitzgerald met him at the door . 
 `` my name is michael , '' the man said . 
 his eyes were bloodshot , his words slurred . 
 `` like michael jordan , you know ? '' 
 `` you have a boat ? '' 
 fitzgerald asked . 
 `` i have a boat . 
 where do you need to go ? '' 
 `` up the river . '' 
 `` the lukuga ? '' 
 the man shook his head . 
 `` there is nothing that way but trouble . '' 
 `` that 's the way i 'm going . '' 
 `` you do n't understand . 
 there are mai-mai rebels . 
 they will kill a white man if they see one . '' 
 `` guess i wo n't let them see me . '' 
 `` hey , your life , my man . 
 i warned you . 
 i am not your mother , yes ? 
 what are you offering ? '' 
 `` show me the boat first . '' 
 the man named michael shrugged and led fitzgerald along the dusty high street . 
 he turned down several side roads until they came to one sad house . 
 the clapboard siding had n't seen a fresh coat of paint in decades , and what remained of the peach color was blistered and peeling . 
 every window was broken . 
 to top it off , the façade was pockmarked with shrapnel from mortar bursts . 
 `` pretty , '' fitzgerald remarked . 
 `` i have a generator inside , '' michael said proudly . 
 `` it is one of the few houses in town that has power . '' 
 they followed a side passageway overgrown with weeds to a small backyard . 
 in the middle of it , amidst waist-high grass and an assortment of junk , was a sixteen-foot wooden skiff resting upside down on its gunwales . 
 fitzgerald inspected the hull and found no holes or cracks . 
 she would float . 
 `` there 's no motor , '' he said . 
 `` you never said you needed a motor . '' 
 `` i 'm not going on a fecking joy paddle . '' 
 `` i can get you a motor , but it will be expensive . '' 
 `` i also want two jerry cans of fuel . '' 
 `` good petrol is difficult to find . '' 
 `` you have a generator . 
 i 'm sure you know where to find some . '' 
 `` it will also be expensive . '' 
 `` i 'll give you one hundred american now , one hundred when i return the boat . '' 
 `` two hundred now , two hundred when you return the boat . '' 
 fitzgerald knew that was more cash than this guy saw in a year . 
 still , he said , `` two hundred now . 
 another hundred when i return . '' 
 `` you have a deal , my white friend , '' michael said immediately . 
 `` meet me under the bridge where the boulevard lumumba crosses the lukuga river in two hours . '' 
 `` one hour . '' 
 `` yes , fine , one hour . '' 
 the drunk named michael was twenty minutes late . 
 he arrived with two young , muscular men . 
 the three of them carried the skiff between the them , two at the stern , one at the bow . 
 as they lugged it down the bank to the shoreline , fitzgerald saw two rusty jerry cans sitting on the floor between the front and middle bench seats . 
 a green 1950s-looking motor was mounted on the transom . 
 `` johnson '' was written in yellow letters across the power head . 
 below that : `` sea horse 25 . '' 
 he flicked his kent away and walked over . 
 michael smiled at him . 
 `` there 's your boat , your motor , and your petrol , '' he announced triumphantly . 
 `` does the motor run ? '' 
 `` it runs . '' 
 fitzgerald handed over two crisp one hundred dollar notes . 
 michael accepted the money , then seemed to consider something . 
 `` thank you , '' he said . 
 `` but unfortunately this is not going to be enough . 
 that is a good motor . 
 i had to cash in several favors to get it . 
 the petrol was more expensive than i thought . 
 also very good , very clean . '' 
 fitzgerald said nothing . 
 `` i want more money . 
 it is only fair . '' 
 `` how much more money ? '' 
 `` another two hundred up front . '' 
 `` four hundred dollars ? '' 
 `` you will not find another boat in kalemie . 
 i can guarantee that . '' 
 `` we had a deal . '' 
 `` this is business . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i have to survive too , yes ? '' 
 fitzgerald had expected something like this . 
 he slipped the silenced glock from the holster under his jacket and fired two rounds into the thief 's chest . 
 michael collapsed , an expression of surprise on his face . 
 `` you do n't have to worry about surviving anymore , '' fitzgerald said as he bent over and plucked the two notes from the dead man 's fingers . 
 he folded them into fours and tossed them at the other two young men , who had ducked into defensive crouches , like they were either going to run or attack . 
 `` for the boat and the motor and the gas , '' he told them . 
 `` that was the deal . '' 
 with big smiles on their faces , the men each grabbed a bill for themselves and hurried back up the bank together . 
 life in the congo was cheap . 
 friends were even cheaper . 
 fitzgerald was sitting in the jump seat of the skiff , his hand on the tiller , speeding down the eerily quiet lukuga river . 
 he eased up on the throttle and came to a full stop . 
 he flipped open his macbook and took another reading of the tracker 's location . 
 it had stopped moving fifteen minutes ago , less than seven kilometers away . 
 given that it was still bright out , still another two or three hours of sunlight left , he wondered why aq had stopped so soon . 
 had they reached their final destination ? 
 because if that was the case , he would be on them by nightfall -- the skiff 's stern bucked suddenly and powerfully from beneath , launching him into the air . 
 he crashed into the muddy-brown water , breaking back through the surface with a gasp . 
 he glanced quickly around , and something inside him shifted , something queasy . 
 not more than a dozen meters away , two tiny ears and two bulging frog-like eyes were visible above the rippled water . 
 a hippo . 
 fitzgerald had seen several herds of the mammoth suckers bathing together , usually just beyond a bend in the river , where the water had pooled and was still . 
 in each case he had heard the deep grunting-snorts before seeing the animals , and he had given them a safe berth . 
 bulls were fiercely territorial and would run off other males , crocs , and even small boats that passed too close . 
 but this one had come from nowhere . 
 the hippo jointed open its cavernous pink mouth and roared , revealing four tusks protruding from the lower jaw , each more than a foot in length . 
 fitzgerald knew his life depended on what he did within the next few seconds . 
 the fight or flight hormone kicked in , and for the first time he could remember , he was going to flight . 
 he splashed toward the skiff . 
 the water and sucking mud beneath his feet made it feel as if he were dragging a train of cinderblocks behind him . 
 the hippo charged , half swimming , half running along the bottom . 
 bloody thing was fast . 
 fitzgerald hiked himself over the gunwale just as the hippo struck , coming from beneath again . 
 the impact shot the stern into the air almost vertically . 
 he gripped the transom with both hands , his feet dangling in the air . 
 the hull crashed back to the water with jarring force , slamming the breath from his chest and throwing up curtains of spray along each side of the boat . 
 wheezing , he lunged for the motor , pulled the selector into start -- the hippo heaved its massive bulk over the stern , roaring again , as loud as a lion , so close fitzgerald could smell its foul , rotten breath . 
 he stared into the beast 's black , piggy eyes . 
 then he yanked the start cord . 
 the engine kicked over . 
 the growling propeller made a heavy , chainsaw-like buzz , as if it were sinking into a tub filled with lard . 
 bits and pieces of bloody flesh burst from the water like confetti . 
 there was a loud , jarring noise as the propeller blades hit bone . 
 the motor wanted to shoot back up , but fitzgerald kept it pressed down , like the lid on a blender , the blades chewing , shredding . 
 the hippo made a bass-like bellow before vomiting a liter of blood . 
 fitzgerald snatched the glock from its holster , pressed the barrel into the hippo 's left eye , and fired four point-blank shots . 
 the hippo 's head jerked upward , the snout slamming fitzgerald 's hand and batting the pistol away into the water . 
 it made a final attack , trying to bite off fitzgerald 's head and shoulders . 
 he moved back just in time and its gaping maw closed on air . 
 finally , it slipped back into the water , which had turned a diffused pink all around the boat . 
 if the animal was n't dead , it would be soon enough . 
 `` bleeding right ! '' 
 fitzgerald barked . 
 he shoved the gear selector into forward , cranked the throttle , and got the hell out of there . 
 despite what felt like one or two bruised ribs , he let out a whooping , raspy laugh . 
 then he straightened to see over the hydroplaning bow , the wind blowing in his face , feeling free , alive . 
 seven kilometers to go chapter 24 at roughly the same time as the hippopotamus was attacking damien fitzgerald upriver , scarlett and the others were taken from the ship 's cabin to the stern deck , where their blindfolds and restraints were removed -lrb- scarlett had thunder tug her blindfold back down over her eyes when the riverboat stopped earlier that afternoon -rrb- . 
 they all rubbed their wrists and looked around , suspicious at being allowed to see . 
 what did jahja have planned for them now ? 
 the riverboat was moored snugly against a steep , marshy bank . 
 jahja was on deck with them , along with the three gunmen dressed in jungle camouflage . 
 one was the effeminate guy who 'd given her the creepy rape-stare the day before . 
 the other two were short and squat , one sporting a mustache , the other a full beard . 
 they all carried large rucksacks . 
 creep , mustache , and beard . 
 good enough names as any , she thought . 
 creep set off down the gangplank first . 
 `` you 're next , '' jahja told scarlett . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` you 'll find out soon enough . '' 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere until you explain to us what 's happening . '' 
 something on the good side of jahja 's face , the smooth side , twitched . 
 `` do not test me , miss cox , '' he said , his voice dangerously quiet . 
 `` i will make you regret it one hundred times over . 
 you do not know what i am capable of . 
 you do not want to find out . '' 
 scarlett stood her ground for another two or three seconds , but she knew she had lost that standoff . 
 she might be able to see now , which made her feel more in control , but jahja still held all the cards . 
 she went down the gangplank . 
 the tide was high , and she had to wade through knee-deep water before reaching the bank . 
 she struggled up it , digging her hands into the mud and grabbing at plants . 
 an african fish eagle watched her pathetic progress from its perch on the low branch of a riverside tree , probably thinking she was one hell of an uncoordinated monkey . 
 once everyone made it to high ground , they set off in single file : creep , scarlett , thunder , sal , miranda , joanna , jahja , mustache , and beard . 
 the forest was a snarl of secondary jungle . 
 creep whacked at the vegetation with a machete every now and then , but the action seemed to be more for show or boredom rather than any real purpose . 
 they were following some sort of path made either by wildlife or humans , and the passage was relatively easygoing . 
 the entire time questions burned in the back of scarlett 's mind . 
 where were they going ? 
 what could possibly be out here in the middle of the jungle ? 
 some kind of terrorist paradise ? 
 something along the lines of the hidden civilization in king solomon 's mines ? 
 only in place of kaukauna warriors were suicide bombers , and in place of stone statues of pagan gods were statues carved into the likeness of bin laden ? 
 sure , why not ? 
 she thought , teetering on mental and physical exhaustion . 
 why the hell not ? 
 about ten minutes in they came across a python skin . 
 it was dry and tubular and bunched at a crevice between two rocks , which the snake had apparently used to catch the skin on so it could slither out of its old coat . 
 next to the husk was a pile of brown and chalky-white feces , laced with bits of bone and fur . 
 scarlett shivered at the sight and turned away . 
 she hated snakes . 
 sal and miranda and joanna had gone pale . 
 only thunder seemed nonplussed . 
 this was n't so surprising since he was likely used to seeing such things back home in australia . 
 jahja and the gunmen , for their part , looked indifferent , probably because they carried automatic weapons , which were more than a match for any size snake , anywhere . 
 `` would have made a good feed , '' thunder mumbled under his breath . 
 `` i heard it tastes like chicken , '' scarlett whispered back . 
 `` more like pheasant -- with a lot of bones . '' 
 `` so you see , '' jahja said with a smug smile , `` we may be your captors , but this land is your prison . 
 it is very dangerous . 
 you would not survive one day on your own . '' 
 scarlett knew he was right . 
 she pictured herself waking up in the middle of the night to find the python that had left that skin behind curled around her , squeezing ever so tighter each time she took a breath until the pressure became so intense she could no longer draw any more air into her lungs . 
 but perhaps even before that happened , her head would already be inside its unhinged jaws ... they pressed forward again , for which scarlett was grateful . 
 the farther they put between them and the snakeskin , the better . 
 she concentrated on her footsteps . 
 one-two , one-two , on and on . 
 jesus , she was hot and thirsty . 
 she glanced every now and then at the military canteen hanging over creep 's shoulder . 
 she guessed he had a few bottles of water in his rucksack too . 
 she was thinking about asking him for some , knowing he would likely ignore her request , but thinking about asking anyway , when they came upon a quick-moving river . 
 `` thank god , '' she said . 
 she turned to thunder -- not sal , she realized , but thunder -- and asked him if it would be safe to drink from . 
 `` it 's flowing , so it should be right , '' he told her . 
 `` unless there 's a rotting animal carcass in it upstream . '' 
 `` i 'll take my chances . '' 
 jahja overheard them and said , `` yes , everyone , drink if you are thirsty . 
 but do not over drink . 
 you may become sick . 
 this is not a place where you want to be sick . '' 
 `` reckon he was a personal trainer before he hung up the whistle for the machine gun ? '' 
 thunder said to scarlett softly . 
 she surprised herself by laughing out loud . 
 jahja frowned . 
 `` do i amuse you , miss cox ? '' 
 ignoring him , scarlett forded the river behind creep , who was gripping his rifle in both hands above his head . 
 halfway across , she stopped and scooped water into her mouth with her hands . 
 after she 'd quenched her thirst , she dunked herself under to cool off -- and lost her footing . 
 the swift current immediately took advantage of her weightlessness and whisked her downriver . 
 she opened her mouth to cry out and water filled her lungs . 
 she thrashed and clawed at the mossy stones on the riverbed , trying to get a handhold , but her efforts were in vain -- someone grabbed her wrist and yanked her back above the surface . 
 she coughed out a huge mouthful of water and kept coughing until her throat stung and her stomach cramped up . 
 she blinked the water and tears from her eyes and looked around . 
 thunder was next to her , his arm around her shoulder . 
 he was dripping wet and panting hard , apparently having dived in to swim after her . 
 she looked upriver . 
 jahja and sal and the others were still on the left bank . 
 mustache and beard had their ak-47s trained on her and thunder . 
 creep , she noticed , was on the far bank , his gun aimed as well . 
 small black monkeys were screeching and thrashing the branches overhead , as if amused by the show she 'd put on . 
 `` going for a swim ? '' 
 thunder said with a grin . 
 `` thank ... you , '' she stammered . 
 he winked . 
 `` anything for a damsel in distress . '' 
 it was the same line he 'd used when he 'd picked her up on the highway outside arusha , and she felt a sudden flush of guilt . 
 if she had n't waved him down , he 'd be back in brisbane right now . 
 his being here , held captive by al qaeda , was all her fault . 
 but he had not once blamed her or shown bitterness toward her . 
 in fact , he had been the exact opposite : solid , supportive , and amazingly good-natured . 
 she had a wild urge to kiss him right then , which she might just have followed through with had jahja not been shouting at them to come back . 
 `` i hope he slips and drowns , '' she said . 
 `` i hear ya , '' thunder said . 
 he took her hand and led her in a diagonal line toward the far bank . 
 while climbing out of the water , she glanced back over her shoulder and saw sal , halfway across the river , glowering at her . 
 she released thunder 's hand . 
 `` you must be more careful , miss cox , '' jahja said when they had all regrouped . 
 `` as i told you , the jungle is a very dangerous place . '' 
 `` i 'm all for turning back , '' scarlett said . 
 `` just say the word . '' 
 `` very amusing . 
 i 'm glad you 're keeping up your spirit . '' 
 creep said something in arabic . 
 the four terrorists laughed . 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` nothing meant for a lady 's ears , miss cox , '' jahja told her . 
 `` i can assure you of that . '' 
 she glared at creep . 
 he smiled at her , his teeth standing out in contrast to his dusty complexion . 
 she turned away , more creeped out than ever by him . 
 they sorted themselves into single file again , and creep led the way onward . 
 gradually the secondary jungle gave way to equatorial rainforest . 
 the trees were impossibly tall and ancient and made scarlett feel tiny and insignificant . 
 some soared two hundred feet in the air and had trunks wide enough to build roads through . 
 the canopy formed a shadowy ceiling so dense it blocked out all but the occasional shaft of sunlight . 
 bromeliads , orchids , and lichen coated the untamed mesh of understory , adding small spots of vivid color to an otherwise murky backdrop . 
 lianas and vines and creepers looped and snaked through the branches and around the tree trunks like a tangle of woody intestines . 
 everywhere strangler figs ensnared their hosts in a centuries-long process of asphyxiation , a process so slow and aged it appeared static to the human eye , a freeze-frame in the reel of time . 
 nevertheless , the leaf-carpeted forest floor was surprisingly open and airy , and creep had little trouble pioneering a path through the saplings , ferns , palms , and other herbaceous plants . 
 even so , moss and fungi covered the rocks and felled trees and other decaying plant life , making the obstacles slippery and deceptively dangerous . 
 scarlett treaded carefully . 
 the last thing she wanted was a twisted or broken ankle . 
 what would jahja do then ? 
 make another crack about how dangerous the jungle was ? 
 or shoot her the way you shoot a lame horse ? 
 leave her behind for that monster python -- or something worse ? 
 the deeper into the rainforest they went , the more scarlett 's wonder diminished and the more she found herself wanting to get through it as quickly as possible . 
 a suffocating claustrophobia hung over everything like a heavy blanket , seeming to block out all sound . 
 there were no more birdcalls , no chattering of monkeys . 
 nothing , in fact , but the omnipresent drip of water . 
 it was , she thought , a dark and primitive world . 
 alien . 
 no place for humans -- at least modern-day humans for whom air conditioning , refrigerators , and paved roads were more necessity than luxury . 
 abruptly jahja called a five-minute break , his voice echoing eerily in the deathly stillness . 
 scarlett flopped down on the ground . 
 `` i 'd keep on my feet if i were you , '' thunder told her . 
 `` do n't know what 's crawling around down there . '' 
 `` i have n't seen anything in ages . '' 
 `` most of it 's too well hidden to spot . 
 that , or it heard or smelled us a kilometer away and rocked off . '' 
 scarlett stood and brushed her bottom . 
 then brushed it again , just to be safe . 
 `` i need to use the toilet , '' she said . 
 `` tell scarface and his goons that 's where i went , if they come asking . '' 
 she wandered off behind the trunk of a tree large enough to conceal a minivan . 
 she lifted her zebra-print dress , pushed down her panties , and squatted . 
 she was alarmed to discover her urine was dark . 
 was that because she was dehydrated ? 
 or was it a sign of something worse ? 
 exhaustion or heatstroke ? 
 god , either could cause organ failure , brain damage , even death . 
 not that the great , civilized jahja would care . 
 she and the others were just props to him in an elaborate play . 
 and when the curtain closed ? 
 she was trying not to think about that . 
 she reemerged from behind the tree , fiddling with the thin leather belt on the dress , and noticed creep sitting on a nearby rock , unloading and loading his pistol , watching her . 
 she glared at him , then promptly returned to the others . 
 they had been given a bottle of water to share , which she eyed longingly . 
 despite having her fill back at the river , she was parched . 
 the bottle came around to her , and she drank as much as she thought fair before passing it on again . 
 `` has anyone been noting the direction ? '' 
 joanna asked quietly . 
 `` we went due north from the riverbank , '' thunder said . 
 `` but after we entered the rainforest ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` it 's impossible to see the sun or any other marker . '' 
 `` everything looks the same , '' miranda said . 
 her hair was knotted and greasy , her lips blistered . 
 `` i ca n't see more than fifty feet ahead of me . '' 
 it was true , scarlett thought . 
 plants and brush and low branches no longer hampered their movement , but the forest of towering trees was dense . 
 visibility was limited and disorientating . 
 it was like one of those optical illusion pictures . 
 if you stared long and hard enough , the green-gray vegetation would start moving , or you 'd see breaks and passages in it that were n't really there . 
 she was reminded of a choose-your-own-adventure game book she 'd read as a child called the jungle of peril , where you had to choose the right path through puzzling , deadly jungle terrain . 
 if you made the wrong choice , you 'd meet a grisly fate or be banished back to the beginning ; if you chose correctly , you 'd be one step closer to the pyramid of oraz and the lost treasure . 
 likewise , scarlett had the antsy feeling she was going to have to start making some big , perhaps life-or-death decisions sooner than later if she wanted to reach her elusive treasure of freedom . 
 sal nodded toward jahja . 
 `` even those jokers got tripped up . 
 and it looks like they have some sort of map . '' 
 map , scarlett thought . 
 `` i have a compass ! '' 
 she whispered , pulling the pendant out from the neckline of her dress and cracking it open . 
 `` why the hell have n't you been using it ? '' 
 sal said . 
 `` oi , take it easy , '' thunder said . 
 `` do n't tell me how to speak to my wife . '' 
 `` i know tempers are a little short -- '' `` get out of my face , you dumb shit . '' 
 `` mate . 
 look . 
 we 're on the same side here -- '' sal shoved thunder backward . 
 jahja noticed the commotion and yelled at them to form a line . 
 sal and thunder stared one another down for a tense moment before thunder shook his head and turned away . 
 soon they were trekking forward again , and scarlett was surprised to find a warm tingling inside her chest . 
 thunder had stood up for her . 
 and to sal . 
 she had not seen many men do that . 
 in fact , she did n't think she 'd ever seen someone openly oppose her husband like that . 
 what was sal 's problem anyway ? 
 it seemed as if he was getting more snappish by the hour . 
 was he cracking under the pressure of captivity ? 
 if so , she was surprised . 
 she would have thought he 'd be the last to break . 
 as they trudged on , it became a little cooler . 
 scarlett was no longer sweating . 
 the sunlight that had managed to penetrate the canopy softened a little , changing from a brilliant white-yellow to a burning , muddy orange . 
 dusk was settling . 
 it would be dark soon . 
 and here they were still in the middle of the rainforest . 
 was jahja planning on camping out here ? 
 she hoped not . 
 she thought of that python skin again , of bird-eating spiders and foot-long centipedes and ... and leopards . 
 yes , there were leopards in the jungle , were n't there ? 
 what if one grabbed her by the scruff of the neck while she slept and dragged her off ? 
 gradually the trees began to thin . 
 the charcoal-gray air lightened a few pencil shades , and they emerged from the murky rainforest into a clearing bathed red by the setting sun . 
 no , not just a clearing , scarlett realized . 
 the ruins of a long forgotten town . 
 it looked as if there had once been fifty or so buildings in total . 
 most of them had since been reduced to skeletal timber frames or big piles of charred rubble . 
 only four victorian-style structures remained intact . 
 a church was the largest . 
 it rose against the bloodying sky , creepers covering the redbrick façade and bell tower like a green disease . 
 no terrorist paradise , that was for sure . 
 a european colony perhaps ? 
 but why out here in the middle of nowhere ? 
 jahja consulted with creep before leading the way down a lonely dirt road that had once served as the main street . 
 everyone followed . 
 he stopped in front of one of the old yet intact buildings . 
 bushy plants surrounded the base while other tropical vegetation overhung the roofline . 
 carved into the weather-worn stone above the door was a blue-painted circle that sported an unrecognizable symbol . 
 below that were two words . 
 some of the letters had eroded away , and all that remained were : `` neema '' and `` o.n.g.o. '' scarlett had no idea what the first word was , but she had a good guess at the second one . 
 congo . 
 so was that right ? 
 were they in the congo , the least explored landmass on the planet except for antarctica ? 
 great . 
 fan-tiddly-tastic . 
 but it did n't surprise her or scare her . 
 not really . 
 because it did n't matter what country they were in . 
 they were still in the middle of nowhere . 
 jahja poked around inside the building , then returned and announced , `` this is where you will be spending the next little while . '' 
 `` for how long ? '' 
 sal asked . 
 `` for however long it takes . '' 
 `` what takes ? '' 
 `` that does n't concern you , mr. brazza . '' 
 `` of course it does , '' sal snapped . 
 `` it 's my life we 're talking about here , you arrogant shit . '' 
 the three gunmen raised their rifles . 
 three safeties clicked . 
 `` some respect , please , '' jahja said , unfazed by the outburst . 
 `` now , as i was saying , this is where you will be staying . 
 i do n't encourage you to think about escape . 
 as i 've said , the jungle -- '' `` is dangerous , '' scarlett cut in . 
 `` very dangerous , miss cox , '' he said , eyeing her , apparently unsure whether she was mocking him or not . 
 `` it 's pure wilderness in every direction . 
 the only way out is the river , and even if you made it that far , which is highly unlikely , two of my men would be there to greet you . 
 also , '' he added , nodding at creep , `` he will be posted out front of your accommodations . 
 test him at your own peril . '' 
 jahja smiled at them , smugly again . 
 the waxy scar tissue twisted the smile into something unnatural and sinister , and scarlett had the image of a monster trying to play a gentleman -- or a gentleman made to play a monster . 
 she wondered for the first time how he 'd been burned , and whether it had anything to do with his hatred of westerners . 
 sal went inside the rickety building first , followed by thunder , scarlett , and the embassy women . 
 it was a single room about the size of a large bedroom , furnished with a table , six chairs , and one plain wooden bench . 
 there were no windows . 
 thin strips of light slipped through the cracks in the roof thirty feet up , painting rosy prison bars on the floor . 
 it was better than the van and riverboat cabin certainly , but scarlett would n't be recommending it to any of her friends any time soon . 
 she slumped down in one of the chairs to rest her sore and blistered feet . 
 her legs and arms were covered with nicks and scrapes and insect bites . 
 she began to worry about infection . 
 `` no cable tv ? '' 
 thunder said , scratching a red welt on his arm . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` just a bite . '' 
 she thought she saw something resembling fear cloud his eyes , but then it was gone . 
 he 's just worried , she thought . 
 like all of us . 
 he might be big and strong and an eternal optimist , but he 's human as well . 
 he 's not immune to the hell we 're going through . 
 `` yuck ! '' 
 miranda screeched suddenly . 
 `` yuck ! '' 
 she pulled a face and flapped a finger at her calf , where a black leech was attached , fattened with blood . 
 `` stay still , '' joanna told her . 
 `` i 'll pull it off . '' 
 `` i would n't do that , '' thunder said . 
 `` you 'll leave part of the jaw in the wound . 
 could cause an infection . '' 
 `` well , we do n't exactly have matches or salt , do we ? '' 
 `` not a good idea either . 
 they cause the little buggers to regurgitate what 's in their stomachs and can also cause an infection . 
 it 's best to let it get its fill and fall off . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 miranda said . 
 `` you 'll be right , '' thunder told her . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she looked as though she were about to pass a kidney stone . 
 `` get rid of it ! 
 please ? '' 
 `` okay , okay . 
 take it easy , hey . '' 
 thunder glanced around . 
 `` who has long fingernails ? 
 lettie ? 
 you 're going to have to break the seal of the oral sucker . '' 
 scarlett came over . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` slide your finger under the anterior end . '' 
 `` which end is that ? '' 
 `` the thinner one . '' 
 grimacing , scarlett shoved her fingernail along miranda 's skin and under the plump , slimy leech . 
 the leech came loose , thrashing violently . 
 she flicked it away in disgust . 
 it hung on . 
 she tried again . 
 the damn thing was like sticky glue . 
 she went to a wall and rubbed it off . 
 `` so much for the entertainment for the night , '' sal said , sitting down at the end of the bench . 
 thunder said to scarlett , `` did you keep a compass reading ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` checked every ten minutes or so . 
 each time we were heading northeast . '' 
 `` so all we have to do is head southwest through the rainforest , then south along that path we followed through the jungle . '' 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 sal remarked caustically . 
 joanna said , `` that would take us right back to the boat , and the two gunmen . '' 
 thunder shook his head . 
 `` we do n't have to go to the boat . 
 when we reach the river , we follow the bank out the way we came in . '' 
 `` to where ? '' 
 scarlett asked . 
 `` to somewhere away from here . '' 
 `` suicide , '' sal said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` say we go through the rainforest . 
 southwest , like you said . 
 the chance of ever finding the original path is slim at best . 
 without a machete we wo n't get through that jungle . '' 
 thunder began pacing . 
 `` what about the second river ? '' 
 scarlett suggested . 
 `` even if we do n't find the path , we 'll still come across the second river . 
 we can make a raft or something and float out , ca n't we ? '' 
 `` that river was flowing in the same direction as the big river , '' sal said . 
 `` the wrong way . 
 who knows where it would lead us ? '' 
 `` we make paddles , '' thunder said . 
 `` the current is too strong . 
 you saw how it almost flushed scarlett away . 
 we would n't get a dozen feet upstream . '' 
 `` we ca n't just sit around here and do nothing . '' 
 `` we do n't have a choice , '' joanna said . 
 `` no . 
 we get to the river . 
 follow the bank , '' thunder said stubbornly . 
 `` we might see another boat . 
 if we could get to one of those villages lettie saw , we might be able to get the tribal people to lead us out of here . '' 
 `` it would take days to get that far on foot , '' joanna said . 
 `` i do n't know about you , but i ca n't spend the night in the jungle . 
 where would we sleep ? 
 you saw the python skin . '' 
 `` there 're also scorpions and other bugs , '' miranda said . 
 `` if someone got sick or injured , '' joanna went on , `` they 'd be finished . '' 
 `` not to mention food and water , '' sal said . 
 scarlett hated seeing thunder get teamed up on . 
 he was only thinking of a way to get them all out of this . 
 but the others were right . 
 they were n't going anywhere . 
 `` not to mention , '' joanna said , beating the dead horse , `` we would still need to get out of this building first . '' 
 `` we do n't know if someone is really out there . '' 
 thunder waved to the door in frustration . 
 `` why do n't you go check it out ? '' 
 sal said . 
 `` right-o . 
 i will . '' 
 scarlett stopped him . 
 `` you do n't know what he 'll do . '' 
 `` i reckon he 's not even there . '' 
 thunder stepped past her . 
 he pressed his back against the wall and cracked open the door . 
 he stuck his head out . 
 a burst of rapid-fire bullets zinged and pinged off the brick exterior . 
 thunder ducked back inside , his face white . 
 a warning shot . 
 `` i guess that settles that , '' sal said , and he had the gall to smile . 
 somewhere in the rainforest , a parrot screeched . 
 the warm colors of dusk faded . 
 shadows pooled in the room , nibbling at the light until there was nothing left to devour but darkness itself . 
 chapter 25 in the silvery light of the full moon , fitzgerald could make out the boxy shape of the riverboat moored against the north bank of the river . 
 the design resembled a small mississippi side-paddle steamer , something out of mark twain 's time -- only this one was equipped with twin outboard diesel engines . 
 a lantern burned in the pilot house on the top deck . 
 nobody was visible inside . 
 more light burned through the porthole windows in the small aft cabin , which was about the size of a garden shed , maybe big enough for two men , maybe three if they were sleeping in bunks , or huddled around a table , playing cards . 
 a much larger cabin dominated the main deck . 
 the door was closed . 
 the windows were dark . 
 he did n't see any guards on patrol . 
 fitzgerald had cut the skiff 's engine several kilometers back and switched to the oars . 
 now he rowed to shore , kissed up against the north bank , and climbed out , sinking into the shin-deep mud . 
 he wrapped the painter line around a tree trunk and secured it with a bowline knot . 
 then he waded into the water and used a silent breaststroke , careful not to open his mouth and swallow any water . 
 the ebola virus came from somewhere around here , not to mention a lot of other diseases he could do without . 
 while he swam he scanned the glassy surface of the water ahead and to the sides of him . 
 it was n't another hippo that worried him . 
 hippos went to shore at dusk to feed , when it was cool enough so they would n't risk sunburn or dehydration . 
 it was the crocs he was now thinking about . 
 he had seen countless of them during the day , lying on the banks of the river , unmoving , some with their jaws cracked wide to regulate their body temperature . 
 they were cold-blooded and usually spent the day heating themselves up , leaving the hunting for the mornings and the evenings . 
 or right about now . 
 twenty meters from the riverboat fitzgerald treaded water , watching for movement on either of the two decks . 
 he did n't see any and continued on . 
 he reached the boat 's hull , grabbed hold of a rubber bumper , and pulled himself up quietly onto the stern deck . 
 he unlaced his boots and slipped them off . 
 waterlogged boots squished and squawked . 
 because the glock was now resting seven kilometers back on the riverbed , likely next to the carcass of one-eyed bertha , he slid free his old sas knife from his canvas ankle sheath . 
 the handle was wood with solid brass rivets . 
 the blade was eleven inches long and as sharp today as when the quartermaster issued it back in 1966 . 
 it was responsible for more deaths than his ageing memory could recall . 
 many years ago he 'd nicknamed it carnwennan , after arthur 's dagger in the welsh legends , which was known to shroud its wielder in shadows . 
 he never called the dagger this out loud , of course ; that would be silly . 
 but that 's how he thought of it . 
 carnwennan . 
 it was a way to personalize it , to make it his own , the same way some men would give a name to their yacht , or residence . 
 he crossed the stern deck to the main cabin and peered through the window beside the door . 
 he had expected to see brazza and cox and however many other hostages tied up inside , probably blindfolded . 
 the room was empty . 
 he frowned . 
 had aq shed some of the hostages along the way , only keeping their golden eggs ? 
 and if so , were brazza and cox up in the aft cabin ? 
 no . 
 because if that was the case , where were the terrorists ? 
 he could n't see them cozying up next to their hostages in a five-meter-square room . 
 that left only one alternative . 
 they had all gone ashore . 
 words in arabic floated down from the top deck . 
 fitzgerald flattened himself against the shadowed wall of the cabin . 
 he listened , but heard nothing more . 
 he contemplated this and decided that a couple sentries must have remained behind to watch over the boat . 
 that made sense , and it left him with two options . 
 go back to the skiff and spend the night there , wet and cold and hungry . 
 or clear out the lads upstairs , get a good meal , a good night 's sleep , and set out warm and chipper in the morning . 
 it was not a hard decision to make . 
 besides , from a tactical standpoint , it only made sense to take out the sentries . 
 if he had to make a quick escape from the jungle tomorrow , he did n't want to worry about getting sandwiched between the bad guys . 
 fitzgerald padded up the spiral iron staircase and stuck his head through the well-hole in the top deck . 
 all clear . 
 he dashed over to the aft cabin and pressed his back against the wall perpendicular to the cabin 's door . 
 he heard the occasional grumble from within the small room . 
 sometimes there was a response , sometimes there was n't . 
 after several minutes of this , he concluded there were only two men inside . 
 wood scraped wood -- the sound of a chair being pushed backward . 
 the door creaked open . 
 footsteps crossed the deck . 
 fitzgerald peered around the corner of the cabin . 
 a man dressed in plain clothing stood at the starboard railing , relieving himself . 
 a kalashnikov dangled from a strap looped over his shoulder . 
 fitzgerald snuck up behind him , taking half strides for better balance , stepping down on the outer balls of his bare feet , as silent as the moonlight . 
 the only noise was the continuous patter of urine striking water far below . 
 fitzgerald stopped when he was within touching distance . 
 he 'd once seen a polish thug put up a fight for well over a minute with a blade sticking out of his heart , and he knew there was no such thing as a quick and sure kill with an edged weapon . 
 there was decapitation , of course , but without a sword that was n't an option . 
 still , there were a couple close seconds : stabbing upward into the base of the skull , or downward into the soft spot behind the collarbone , severing the subclavian vein and artery , and , if you got lucky , maybe puncturing a lung . 
 fitzgerald chose the simplest of all approaches . 
 he grabbed the man by the hair and plunged carnwennan into the side of the exposed neck , ripping outward toward the throat . 
 the man jerked and flailed . 
 fitzgerald held him secure . 
 blood fountained everywhere , coating them both . 
 the man was likely screaming , but he made no noise : he had no vocal cords left . 
 he went limp . 
 fitzgerald set the body down , wiped the dagger and his hands clean on the dead man 's shirt , and collected the kalashnikov . 
 the safety , he noted , was in place . 
 he left it that way . 
 moving the spring-loaded safety-cum-selector made a loud and distinctive click , which was n't very productive if you wanted to keep the element of surprise . 
 he faced the aft cabin . 
 he thought about simply kicking open the door and cutting down whoever was inside . 
 but he did n't know how far away the land party was and did n't want to advertise his presence . 
 instead he returned to his original spot around the corner of the cabin and waited . 
 two minutes later the man inside called out to his mate . 
 when the dead man did n't call back , the door opened . 
 `` qasim ? '' 
 he made it about three paces before seeing his buddy lying in a pool of blood . 
 he went immediately for his rifle . 
 fitzgerald was already moving , slipping around the corner of the cabin , stabbing the man twice in rapid succession . 
 first in the right side , under his armpit , hilt-deep . 
 then through the underside of the bearded jaw , through the roof of the mouth , into the brain . 
 before the body hit the deck fitzgerald had spun to face a possible third attacker . 
 no one came forth . 
 he eased open the door with the barrel of the kalashnikov and peeked inside . 
 empty . 
 and lo and behold , there was a stockpile of food and water . 
 the food was n't anything special -- fruit and cassava , mostly -- but fitzgerald was ravenous , and it would make a feast . 
 he unceremoniously dumped the two corpses into the river , then washed up and set out a large dinner on the deck table . 
 just as he was about to sit down to eat , he heard a splash in the water off the bow . 
 he snatched the rifle and went to the railing . 
 a little ways downriver a croc was working on one of the dead men . 
 another croc was swimming toward the second body , silver ripples trailing from the nostrils . 
 it reached the body , peeled its jaws wide , revealing rows of pointed fangs , then snapped down . 
 unable to tear meat like a lion , it shook its gnarled , saurian head , boiling up a whirlpool with its combed tail . 
 sinew tore loudly . 
 joints grinded and popped . 
 then the commotion died down , the black water calmed . 
 in the aftermath both the croc and body were gone . 
 fitzgerald waited where he was , hoping for an encore . 
 he was n't to be disappointed . 
 moments later the croc broke through the surface of the water , its snout pointed skyward with a human leg poking out from between the jaws , the boot still on the foot . 
 the croc gulped the leg down , its pale throat bulging like a pelican 's . 
 it sank back into the inky depth once more . 
 `` jaysus , '' he muttered . 
 `` now there 's something you do n't see every day . '' 
 whistling `` finnegan 's wake , '' he went back to finish his own dinner , albeit in a much less dramatic fashion . 
 chapter 26 it was well into the night . 
 through the cracks in the roof scarlett could see a sampling of stars , impossibly distant . 
 they distracted her from her current predicament , made her think bigger , more philosophical thoughts than being kidnapped , made her feel as if the congo was n't so enormous after all , just a forest on a tiny planet . 
 in fact , her plight was really an incredibly insignificant matter in the big picture of things , the picture of the fifteen-billion-year-old universe . 
 she shifted on the cold stone floor as she tried unsuccessfully to get comfortable . 
 she 'd fallen asleep for a little , but had woken a while ago . 
 a migraine was digging in behind her left eye . 
 it felt like someone was scraping around in there with a spoon . 
 yet there was n't anything she could do about it . 
 no aspirin here . 
 no prescription meds . 
 she 'd just have to grin and bear it . 
 it was n't so hard though . 
 she had a lot more serious things on her mind -- maybe-i 'm - going-to-die-tomorrow kind of things that the stars could distract her from but not make her forget . 
 she wished she knew the time or knew when morning would come . 
 but the jackass terrorists had confiscated the gold wristwatch of hers -- something she 'd bought for herself after her first attempt at a romantic comedy had flopped at the box office . 
 she 'd thought buying an expensive gift would make her feel better . 
 she had it engraved at the tiffany 's on rodeo drive , and it read : `` to you , from me . '' 
 sal had pestered her for months about who `` me '' was . 
 she never told him ; it had been her little joke . 
 now , it seemed , the joke was on her . 
 `` to terrorist , from scarlett . '' 
 someone cried out . 
 it sounded more like a word than a grunt , though she could n't be sure what word it was . 
 she sat up , grimacing against the pain in her head . 
 she was just able to make out the shapes of the others in the feeble light . 
 sal was lying on the bench . 
 miranda and joanna were in a far corner , curled against each other like spoons . 
 thunder was up front , near the door , away from everyone else . 
 the person cried out again , more of a moan this time . 
 it was coming from where thunder was sleeping . 
 a bad nightmare ? 
 or was he in some sort of pain ? 
 she got up and crept across the room toward him . 
 `` thunder ? '' 
 she said softly , touching his shoulder . 
 `` hey , are you okay ? '' 
 he came awake with a start . 
 `` shhh . 
 it 's me . 
 scarlett . 
 you were making noises . '' 
 he tried to sit up but did n't seem to have the strength . 
 she became more worried . 
 `` thunder , what 's wrong ? '' 
 she felt his forehead . 
 it was hot and drenched with sweat . 
 god , what could he have ? 
 dengue fever ? 
 sleeping sickness ? 
 it could n't be malaria , thankfully . 
 malaria symptoms , she believed , took about a week to show themselves . 
 she remembered the welt on his arm . 
 it was difficult to find in the dark , but she made out a hard , swollen bump just above his left wrist . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 he asked groggily . 
 the question surprised her . 
 `` thirty , '' she said , and for a moment she thought about the birthday party that never was . 
 `` thunder , look at your arm . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` it 's just a bite . '' 
 `` from what ? '' 
 `` i 'm thirty-six . '' 
 `` thunder , you need -- '' she was going to say `` a doctor , '' but realized how ridiculous that would sound . 
 `` i 'm not married , '' he said . 
 scarlett brushed his hair gently back from his forehead , wondering if he was speaking through a fever . 
 she decided the least she could do was keep him company . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` why are n't you married ? '' 
 `` was in a relationship for ten years . 
 no rush to get serious again . 
 thought i had all the time in the world . '' 
 he licked his lips and swallowed . 
 `` how long have you been married ? '' 
 `` four years now . '' 
 `` he 's a lucky bloke . '' 
 `` thank you , thunder . '' 
 `` he 's also a complete arse . '' 
 scarlett was so surprised by the comment she laughed out loud . 
 she quickly caught herself and glanced in sal 's direction . 
 was he sleeping ? 
 or awake , listening to them ? 
 `` any ankle biters ? '' 
 thunder said . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` kids ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` have you ever been to oz ? '' 
 `` sydney a couple times , to promote my films . 
 some strange animals you got there . 
 why do they all hop ? '' 
 `` it 's a big land . 
 hopping 's faster than walking , i reckon . '' 
 `` have you always lived in brisbane ? '' 
 `` grew up in canberra , the capital . 
 it 's where my parents met . 
 mum 's tops . 
 you 'd get along with her . 
 she teaches kindy -- kindergarten . '' 
 `` what about your father ? 
 is he a teacher as well ? '' 
 `` foreign diplomat . 
 he was invited to the school where mum taught , to get the kids stoked about politics or something like that . 
 she was his chaperone . 
 they got married a few months later . 
 his post in canberra was only for three years . 
 when the state department called him back , we were both supposed to go . 
 but then mum 's sister got sick , so we stayed behind . '' 
 he squeezed his eyes , as if he was in pain . 
 `` you need to rest , '' she told him . 
 `` no , this is good . 
 talking . '' 
 he opened his eyes again . 
 even in the darkness they seemed to sparkle blue . 
 `` the next year my dad was elected to the house of reps. he was busy a lot . 
 la to canberra was a long flight with a big time difference . 
 bottom line , it did n't work . '' 
 `` they divorced ? '' 
 `` that 's life sometimes . 
 anyway , mum 's all apples . 
 she remarried . 
 she 's happy . '' 
 `` what about your father ? 
 did he remarry ? '' 
 `` twice . 
 he was engaged to his third wife when he was murdered . '' 
 `` murdered ? 
 god , why ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 no reason , pointless . '' 
 he shivered . 
 `` i 'm cold . '' 
 `` i do n't have anything to give you . '' 
 she made a spontaneous decision . 
 `` roll onto your side . '' 
 thunder did as she 'd instructed , grunting with the effort . 
 she stretched out beside him , pressing herself against his back , how joanna and miranda were sleeping to keep warm . 
 it felt as though she were doing something wrong , but it felt right too . 
 thunder did n't say anything . 
 `` do you think about your father much ? '' 
 she said quietly . 
 her mouth was right next to his ear now . 
 she could feel his body heat . 
 it was coming off him in waves . 
 `` every now and then . 
 i did n't really see him much after the divorce . 
 how about you ? 
 your folks must be mad with worry . '' 
 `` my dad was a police officer . 
 he was killed trying to prevent a convenient store robbery when i was six . 
 he died over fifty bucks and a couple bottles of booze . 
 my mother became clinically depressed and hanged herself the following year . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , lettie . '' 
 `` i lived with my uncle and aunt for about two years before they handed me over to child welfare . 
 then i shuffled between three different foster families . 
 they were all doing it for the money , i think . 
 the upside ? 
 i do n't think i ever would have gotten into acting if i 'd had a normal childhood . 
 being an orphan gives you a good imagination . 
 i had a make-believe family in my head until i was sixteen or seventeen . 
 if that 's not method acting , i do n't know what is . '' 
 `` every cloud has a silver lining , hey ? '' 
 `` even this safari , '' she said softly . 
 `` you know that ? 
 i 'm glad i met you , thunder . '' 
 he was silent for a long moment . 
 `` it 's been nice meeting you too , lettie . '' 
 they were quiet after that . 
 eventually thunder 's breathing became deep and regular . 
 scarlett did n't want to move . 
 she felt safe and content right where she was . 
 not so alone . 
 not so scared . 
 the migraine had even softened a little . 
 she fell asleep next to thunder . 
 chapter 27 fitzgerald rose to the murky half colors of predawn light . 
 he scavenged an empty rucksack -- his was still in the skiff , having not gone overboard in the hippo attack -- and filled it with food and two large plastic bottles of water . 
 he did n't need anything more , given he hoped to be back out of the jungle by nightfall . 
 he surveyed the riverbank , noting in particular a gnarled mangrove bent over the water , which he filed away in case the riverboat was gone for whatever reason when he returned . 
 he disembarked and climbed the muddy bank . 
 at the top he blotted his nose , forehead , and cheekbones with dark mud , using lighter dirt for the recesses under his eyes and along his throat . 
 the camouflage not only masked his white pigmentation but also prevented the oil in his skin from forming a sheen , which would stand out in the dark jungle the same way a fish 's scales would glint under sunny water . 
 next he decorated himself with leafy vegetation to break up his outline while providing him with a layer of earthy colors and textures . 
 suitably prepared , he studied the ground and immediately spotted the trail brazza & co. had taken . 
 it was well-beaten and easy enough to follow . 
 he counted nine sets of footprints . 
 based on size and depression , he guessed three were female . 
 of the remaining six , one set obviously belonged to brazza , leaving five potential bad guys . 
 not ideal odds , five against one , he thought , but manageable . 
 he started along the trail , noting a number of animal tracks as well . 
 a forest elephant , a gorilla moving with a knuckle-walking gait , a large leopard , and what he guessed was a red river hog and her piglets . 
 he even came across the papery skin of a python . 
 this one was only a baby , but he knew african rock pythons could grow to be eighteen feet long , large enough to swallow just about anything -- including unsuspecting humans . 
 once upon a time , years and years ago during the jungle warfare part of his sas training in the jungles of belize , fitzgerald had been on patrol and came across a group of mayan indians searching for a little girl who 'd been missing from the village for two days . 
 he lent a hand with the search and shortly thereafter they discovered a large boa with an ominous bulge extending its middle section . 
 they cut the snake open and found the missing girl inside , curled into a fetal position , partly digested . 
 not exactly a nice way to go . 
 as the morning progressed , the rising sun burned away the damp mist , and fitzgerald began sweating profusely . 
 he drank a full liter of water , then refilled the bottle from a quick-moving river . 
 soon he entered old-growth rainforest . 
 the trail he 'd been following disappeared . 
 however , aq had not been concerned with anti-tracking , and their spoor of upturned leaves was as clear as hansel 's breadcrumbs . 
 an hour later , fitzgerald slowed his pace . 
 he would be closing in on his quarry and needed to reduce any unnecessary noise . 
 the night before he 'd used the southern star to chart his location and determine the tracks up the riverbank led due north . 
 to confirm he was still heading in the same direction , he examined the stump of a felled tree . 
 growth rings were always closer together on the side of the stump facing the equator . 
 given what he saw , he concluded he was now heading northeast . 
 as he pressed on once more , he found himself thinking about the future . 
 he was sixty-one , retirement age , even for an assassin -- especially for an assassin . 
 his body was not as strong as it had once been , his mind not as sharp . 
 most of all the fire had burned out of him . 
 for so many years he had been addicted to the thrill and adventure and challenge of the job . 
 but recently he found he was going through the motions more than anything else . 
 still , he kept at it for one simple reason . 
 he was afraid to stop . 
 because what would he do with himself then ? 
 sit around the flat all day ? 
 read his books ? 
 if eryn were still alive , he could have done that . 
 in fact , he would have enjoyed nothing better . 
 hell , they might even have had grandkids by now -- he froze . 
 he had just broken through a wall of foliage into an open clearing . 
 a man was chopping wood by a fire pit two hundred meters away . 
 the man glanced in fitzgerald 's direction , as if he 'd sensed another 's presence . 
 fitzgerald dropped to his stomach , scrambled back through the underbrush , and flattened himself against the trunk of a tree . 
 he counted to twenty , slowly , then looked around the trunk . 
 the man was gone . 
 cursing himself , wondering if he 'd been spotted , he moved through the forest until he found a good spot to lie up . 
 he studied the clearing again . 
 it was filled mostly with stone and timber ruins , and he guessed it had once been a colonial mining town that had been razed by a fire . 
 the door to one of the intact buildings , a church , opened , and the woodchopper emerged . 
 he gathered up some grass and headed off to the forest . 
 going to the loo . 
 fitzgerald relaxed . 
 he had n't been spotted after all . 
 as he waited and watched , the african rainforest came slowly awake all around him . 
 red-chested cuckoos and tambourine doves hooted and squawked . 
 old world monkeys howled . 
 the sun inched higher into the rich blue sky , warming the air and lighting the seemingly infinite canopy like a match to green fire . 
 he breathed the earthy , lush scents of the surrounding vegetation , and he felt extremely at peace right then , at one with nature , just as man had existed in his natural state for hundreds of thousands of years . 
 he took out a bottle of water and drank a third . 
 two more aq came out of the church . 
 one started a cooking fire while the other collected sticks to burn . 
 fitzgerald shifted his weight and settled in for the wait until brazza needed to move his bowels himself . 
 when brazza did , and wandered off into the trees , he would be there waiting for him ... fitzgerald frowned , suddenly uneasy . 
 brazza ? 
 the loo ? 
 the gunman had n't returned from the bush yet -- `` hands up ! '' 
 a voice behind him barked . 
 `` no gun ! '' 
 the kalashnikov was resting directly in front of fitzgerald , within easy reach . 
 but his chance of grabbing it , spinning around , and getting off an accurate round before being filled with holes was slim at best . 
 smiling acidly , he raised his hands . 
 chapter 28 scarlett awoke stiff and tired and depressed . 
 she had only been in captivity for three nights , but if felt more like three months , like she was aging in dog years . 
 her head was on her arm , her nose against someone 's neck , just below the hairline . 
 for a moment she thought she was lying beside sal before realizing with a start that it was thunder . 
 she sat up quickly and looked around . 
 miranda and joanna were still asleep in the corner . 
 sal was sitting up on the bench , watching her . 
 `` good sleep ? '' 
 he said , and it was almost a snarl . 
 `` he was shivering last night . 
 i was sharing my body heat . '' 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 `` i do n't need to explain myself to you . '' 
 thunder stirred and sat up . 
 a sheen of sweat covered his face . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 scarlett asked him . 
 he blinked a few times . 
 `` pretty crook , to be honest . '' 
 `` stand up , '' sal told him , standing himself . 
 thunder frowned . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` get to your goddamn feet . '' 
 `` he saw me lying next to you , '' scarlett explained . 
 she addressed sal . 
 `` he 's sick . 
 ca n't you see that ? 
 leave him alone . '' 
 `` i do n't care how sick he is . 
 i 'm going to make him a whole lot sicker . '' 
 `` stop this right now , sal . 
 you 're acting like a child . '' 
 thunder put a hand on her shoulder and lumbered to his feet , looking terribly weak . 
 `` listen , mate -- '' sal swung a right hook . 
 it connected squarely with thunder 's face , knocking him backward into the wall . 
 blood dribbled from his nose , tracing the groove of his upper lip . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 scarlett shouted . 
 miranda and joanna came awake , confused and alarmed . 
 thunder lowered his shoulder and bowled into sal 's gut , lifting him off his feet and dive-bombing him to the floor . 
 both men spat out breathless `` oomphs '' upon impact . 
 they rolled back and forth , their arms and legs intertwined , each struggling to gain the advantage . 
 a frantic shout came from outside . 
 everyone in the room -- including sal and thunder -- turned to stare at the door . 
 more cries of alarm followed the first . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 miranda asked . 
 before anyone could hazard a guess , the door flung open and jahja appeared . 
 his eyes were wild and wide . 
 he looked at each of them in turn . 
 he paused on joanna . 
 `` you ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` come outside ! 
 now . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 joanna asked , clearly frightened . 
 jahja aimed a black pistol at her . 
 `` obey me ! 
 or i will shoot you right here . '' 
 joanna kissed miranda on the forehead , then went to the front of the room . 
 her face was white , her jaw set . 
 she looked like a woman walking to her execution . 
 jahja grabbed her by the wrist and yanked her outside . 
 the door banged shut behind them . 
 scarlett glanced at sal and thunder , who both appeared as clueless as she felt . 
 she hurried to the door and inched it open and peered out between the crack . 
 jahja was dragging joanna toward the three other gunmen -- all of whom had their guns trained on a tall man dressed head to toe in black and covered in camouflage . 
 scarlett 's knees went weak . 
 who was he ? 
 army ? 
 marines ? 
 could it be true ? 
 were they about to be rescued ? 
 `` there 's someone out there , '' she said , her voice husky . 
 sal was immediately behind her , looking over her head . 
 `` what the bloody hell is he doing here ? '' 
 scarlett 's mind spun . 
 `` you know him ? '' 
 `` that 's benjamin hill . '' 
 `` who ? 
 jesus -- you 're right ! '' 
 benjamin hill . 
 nothing made sense right then . 
 but she did n't have the chance to work it out because jahja pulled joanna against his chest and shoved the barrel of the pistol against her temple . 
 `` tell them to come out ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` tell the rest of your men to come out of the forest or i will blow her brains out ! '' 
 the irishman did n't reply . 
 `` call them out ! '' 
 no reply . 
 jahja turned in a tight circle , glaring at the trees , as if they were sentient beings staring back . 
 `` come out . 
 come out now ! 
 or i will shoot her . 
 on the count of three . 
 one ! '' 
 he danced in a circle . 
 joanna started to cry . 
 `` two ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 scarlett shouted . 
 jahja and the other gunmen whirled toward her . 
 creep fired a round into the air . 
 scarlett stumbled backward into the room . 
 the door swung shut . 
 `` three ! '' 
 an electric silence followed . 
 it seemed to stretch on forever . 
 with each passing second , relief crept over scarlett . 
 jahja was n't going to do it . 
 he was only bluffing -- a gunshot rang out . 
 after shooting the middle-aged woman in the back of the head , execution style , the leader with the burned face commanded the three gunmen with the aks -- two ak-47s , one akm -- to secure fitzgerald to a chair in the left-wing transept of the church . 
 that 's where he was sitting now . 
 across from him , the arching stained-glass windows cast washed-out colors across the bare walls and stone tiles , highlighting dust motes drifting lazily in the air . 
 the leader held up carnwennan . 
 `` this is military issue , yes ? '' 
 fitzgerald said nothing . 
 `` it 's old . 
 you 're old . 
 what is your rank ? '' 
 fitzgerald said nothing . 
 `` green beret ? 
 you are green beret ? 
 or navy seal ? '' 
 he said nothing . 
 `` how did you find us ? '' 
 he said nothing . 
 `` i do n't have the patience for such games . '' 
 the ugly sod pointed a nine-millimeter ruger p38 at his head . 
 `` maybe i 'll shoot you right now . '' 
 fitzgerald stared past the pistol . 
 he 'd interrogated more people over the years than he could count , and he knew the procedure inside out , knew the best course of action was to keep quiet for as long as possible . 
 the reasoning was simple . 
 the longer you could get by without saying anything , the better your chances were the situation on the ground might change , and with that , the possibility of escape . 
 not to mention if he told his compatriot here that he was alone , the man would likely kill him on the spot . 
 the leader lowered the pistol and sighed . 
 `` my name is jahja al-ahmad , '' he said genially , suddenly the good guy . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 he was doing it all textbook style , as predictable as a sunrise . 
 fitzgerald would have applauded had he been able . 
 `` would you like food ? 
 water ? '' 
 fitzgerald did n't answer . 
 `` are there others like you around ? '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 `` are they behind ? 
 are they coming ? '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 `` how did you get here ? '' 
 fitzgerald cracked his neck . 
 `` where are the men on my boat ? 
 i ca n't reach them ? 
 what did you do to them ? '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 jahja glowered at him for a long moment , then crossed the room to a table and returned with a pen . 
 he slipped the pen between fitzgerald 's knuckles and squeezed fitzgerald 's fingers together , slowly , applying more and more pressure . 
 it was an old trick and much more painful than it sounded . 
 it felt as if the bones in his fingers were about to break . 
 jahja asked more questions ; fitzgerald gritted his teeth and did n't answer them . 
 jahja finally gave up and barked something in arabic to one of his men , who went outside and returned with a three-foot-long two-by-four . 
 `` okay , '' jahja said , smiling hideously . 
 `` let 's try this one more time . '' 
 scarlett was in some kind of shock . 
 she could think of only one thing . 
 joanna . 
 dead . 
 after hearing the report of the gunshot , she had stuck her head out the door and saw joanna lying facedown , blood encircling her head , coloring the brown dirt black . 
 sal had put his arm around her shoulder and said something , words of comfort likely . 
 she could n't remember what they were . 
 they were just words . 
 words would n't change anything . 
 joanna was dead . 
 and she or sal or thunder or miranda was going to be next . 
 distantly , from what seemed nauseatingly far away , she became aware of sal and thunder talking about the irishman , their animosity between one another at least temporarily suspended . 
 it took her an immense effort , but she managed to pull herself out of the stupor . 
 the room came back into focus , colors , shapes , sounds . 
 `` he 's an assassin , '' sal was saying as he paced back and forth . 
 `` who 's he here to kill ? '' 
 thunder asked . 
 whatever burst of adrenaline he 'd had earlier was gone . 
 he was slumped against the opposite wall , his arms folded against his chest , shivering . 
 the tan had drained from his face , leaving it a sickly pale white . 
 caked blood covered the gash in his forehead from the car crash , while more blood , still fresh and bright , smeared his mouth and jaw . 
 `` me , '' sal replied . 
 `` he was trying to kill me . '' 
 `` i do n't follow . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'd rather not get into it . '' 
 `` sal made enemies ... with a man he used to work with , '' scarlett told thunder , her voice sounding oddly robotic to her ears . 
 `` a man with a lot of shady connections . '' 
 she looked at sal . 
 `` you really think benjamin hill is the person after you ? '' 
 `` what else is he doing here ? 
 besides , danny told me the second assassin was an irishman . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` you never told me that . '' 
 `` why would i ? '' 
 `` why would n't you ? '' 
 `` i never made the connection before now . '' 
 the fuzz cleared , and scarlett became more incredulous by the second . 
 her voice was no longer robotic ; it was fiery . 
 `` how could you not , sal ? 
 danny tells you an irishman is after you . 
 one shows up at the resort where we 're staying . 
 i even mentioned he likely was n't a guest . '' 
 `` i know all of that , '' sal snapped . 
 `` you think i did n't connect the dots ? 
 but it made no sense . 
 if he had wanted to kill me , he could have done it anytime . 
 he did n't . '' 
 `` how did he ... ? '' 
 thunder swallowed . 
 `` how did he find you ? '' 
 `` thunder 's right , sal . 
 how did he find you -- us ? 
 how did one man accomplish what the entire us armed forces failed to do ? '' 
 `` he followed us . 
 it 's the only explanation . '' 
 scarlett ran the logistics through her head . 
 `` he could n't have known we would be robbed . 
 could n't have known we 'd be making a detour to the embassy . 
 which means he must have either followed thunder and me , or you . 
 did you see him on the plane ? '' 
 `` yes , cara mia . 
 i offered him the window seat . '' 
 she ignored that . 
 `` it was one of those small turboprops , right ? '' 
 `` when you 're out shopping , do you check to see if you 're being followed ? '' 
 `` let 's assume he was on the plane , for argument 's sake . 
 then what ? 
 how did you get from the airport to the embassy ? '' 
 `` they sent a car for me . '' 
 `` so he followed you to the embassy -- and what ? 
 watched us get thrown in the van ? 
 then he followed us again for maybe ten , fifteen hours ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` we stopped in the middle of nowhere at one point . 
 you might not have been looking for a tail , but the terrorists certainly would have been . '' 
 `` who the hell cares how he did it ? 
 danny said the man was good . 
 and danny does n't award compliments liberally . '' 
 `` whacking vice . '' 
 scarlett looked at thunder . 
 his condition seemed to be deteriorating by the minute . 
 she scooted over next to him and felt his temperature . 
 it was even hotter than it had been the night before . 
 `` what did you say , thunder ? '' 
 `` tracking device . '' 
 sal snorted . 
 `` let 's not get carried away here . '' 
 `` jeepy ... '' he shivered . 
 `` gps . '' 
 sal laughed bitterly . 
 `` would you leave him alone ? '' 
 scarlett said . 
 `` ca n't you see he 's -- '' `` dying ? '' 
 `` sick . 
 he 's sick , you , you -- '' she trailed off , unable to think of a suitable insult . 
 `` and what 's so far-fetched about a tracking device ? '' 
 `` when would he have had a chance to attach a transmitter to the van ? 
 or the boat , for that matter ? '' 
 `` maybe it 's smaller than you think . 
 what about your clothes ? 
 maybe he slipped it on you during the drive up the crater . 
 or maybe he was in our room when we were out . '' 
 sal stopped pacing . 
 `` check your clothes , '' she said . 
 while he took off his blazer and searched the pockets , she examined her sandals , dress , everywhere , but did n't find -- `` found something . '' 
 sal was kneading the crimson lining at the hem fold of the blazer 's back vent . 
 he tore the fabric and shook the garment until a small metallic something fell to the floor . 
 he picked it up . 
 `` bloody hell , '' he said . 
 `` i should have known it . 
 his name . 
 benny hill . 
 he was mocking us the entire time . '' 
 scarlett was stunned and numbed . 
 benjamin hill was the assassin . 
 lightheaded , she recalled their meeting on the deck overlooking ngorongoro crater . 
 have you been down there , mr ... ? 
 hill , benjamin hill . 
 and no , not yet . 
 i 'll be going tomorrow as well . 
 perhaps we 'll see each other ? 
 perhaps we will , miss cox . 
 she remembered the strange smile he 'd given her when she and sal had transferred from his truck to the ranger 's land rover . 
 had he had something planned for them , something that did n't work out ? 
 had they narrowly escaped death ? 
 the skin on her scalp seemed to shrink a size . 
 `` what 's his real name ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` damien fitzgerald , '' sal said . 
 `` at least , that 's what danny thinks . 
 he 's not certain . '' 
 `` what else did danny tell you about him ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 nobody knows anything about the man . 
 he 's a damn ghost . '' 
 `` nothing ? '' 
 sal shrugged . 
 `` his wife and kid were murdered . 
 he goes by the name redstone . 
 what a chump . '' 
 the door suddenly opened . 
 mustache and beard poked the barrels of their automatic weapons into the room . 
 `` you , '' mustache said to sal . 
 `` you come . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 scarlett cried , thinking of joanna . 
 sal slipped the tracking device in his pocket . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 they likely only want to question me about ben -- fitzgerald . '' 
 sal left with the gunmen . 
 scarlett waited in agony to hear another gunshot . 
 it never came . 
 `` thunder , '' she said urgently . 
 `` you were right . 
 we need to get out of here as soon as possible . '' 
 he nodded , but his eyes were closed , his chin resting on his chest , and she did n't know if he heard her or not . 
 how would he make it ? 
 he did n't look like he could stand . 
 regardless , she was n't leaving him behind . 
 no way . 
 either everyone got out or no one did . 
 all for one and one for all , she thought , feeling like a damned musketeer , and she did n't know if she wanted to laugh or cry . 
 `` when sal comes back , '' she went on , `` we 'll wait until dark . 
 maybe the gunman wo n't be outside tonight . 
 or if he is , we 'll wait until he falls asleep . 
 then we 'll make a break for it . 
 okay ? '' 
 the door opened again . 
 this time creep stood at the threshold . 
 he looked directly at her and said , `` you , your turn . '' 
 she gave thunder 's hand an affectionate squeeze , then glanced over at miranda . 
 the girl was sitting on a chair , staring at the ground . 
 she had n't moved or said a word since joanna was shot . 
 `` sit tight , miranda , '' she said , then followed creep outside . 
 it was an absurdly bright and sunny day , the kind of day you go for a picnic in the park or a stroll along the beach . 
 not one in which you had some lunatic sticking his gun in your back and marching you toward an uncertain future . 
 before they reached the church -- which scarlett assumed the terrorists were using as a makeshift hq given the limited alternatives -- creep ordered her to turn down an overgrown path that ran the length of one of the smaller buildings . 
 she continued to the end , then stopped . 
 there was nothing ahead of her except grass and , beyond that , the base of a hill prickled with trees . 
 `` move , '' creep said . 
 `` straight . '' 
 `` where to ? '' 
 `` you go . 
 okay ? 
 go . '' 
 scarlett continued forward . 
 with each step the sinking sensation in her gut deepened . 
 this was n't right . 
 why was he taking her to the forest , away from everyone else -- ? 
 she came to an abrupt halt , turned , and looked creep in the eyes . 
 they were swimming with lust . 
 just like on the riverboat . 
 just like in the forest . 
 scarlett went cold all over . 
 seeing that she understood his intentions , creep 's single eyebrow dipped in the middle , forming the letter m. scarlett made to run , but he grabbed her hair and yanked her backward . 
 he clamped a hand over her mouth and tugged her body against his . 
 he pulled up her dress . 
 his fingers dug beneath the elastic waistband of her panties , tearing them away . 
 to her disgust , she felt that he was already aroused . 
 she twisted wildly , but could n't shake free . 
 she bit into the hand over her mouth with all the ferocity she could muster . 
 she tasted a gush of hot blood and a chunk of flesh . 
 creep howled in pain . 
 his grip slackened . 
 she managed to push away , but before she could make it two steps , he had her again , spinning her around and slapping her so hard she fell to her back . 
 then he was on her . 
 scarlett screamed . 
 he slapped her a second time . 
 when she blinked away the stars , her dress was up around her waist ; his pants were down around his knees . 
 she thrashed from side to side , but he was too heavy . 
 she could n't buck him off her . 
 he flicked aside her necklaces , yanked at the neckline of her dress . 
 buttons popped . 
 desperate , she grabbed the three-inch lion claw that cooper had given her and raked it across creep 's face , drawing a long gash down his left cheek . 
 she swung it again , this time jabbing it into his forehead and tugging down , through his eye . 
 clear fluid erupted , like juice squeezed from a grape . 
 roaring now , creep rolled off her , allowing her to crab-crawl away . 
 he looked up at her , one hand cupped under the dead eye in a losing effort to catch the pooling , overflowing blood . 
 his seeing eye radiated pure hatred . 
 scarlett shot to her feet and ran as fast as she could toward the forest , propelled by sheer terror . 
 above her labored breathing she could hear creep giving chase right behind her . 
 the forest drew closer , thick and impenetrable . 
 her screaming mind told her it would stop her dead in her tracks , but she did n't know where else to go . 
 if he catches you he 's going to rape and kill you -- rape and kill you after he cuts out your eyes to get even ... she spotted a gaping crevice in the hill . 
 it was about the size of a door and framed by slabs of stone and timber and so overgrown with vegetation she had n't seen it from farther away . 
 a mine entrance ? 
 she did n't care . 
 it did n't matter . 
 all that mattered was getting away . 
 she made a beeline toward it . 
 the waist-high grass flapped past her legs . 
 the ground was hard and uneven , and she kept expecting herself to trip and fall . 
 she never did . 
 if she did , she would die . 
 then , before she knew it , she was rushing straight into the mouth of the mine , raising her arms for protection against the vines and branches that snapped past her face . 
 darkness engulfed her . 
 she charged deeper , one hand surfing the stone wall . 
 she was running too fast , too reckless . 
 she was going to hit something . 
 still , she barely slowed . 
 she could hear creep right on her heels . 
 all he had to do was reach out and -- the ground lurched . 
 scarlett stumbled and smacked wooden boards , which swung wildly beneath her weight . 
 creep tripped over her , going down as well . 
 she scrambled on all fours past him . 
 one of her arms plunged between the planks into nothingness . 
 how far up was she ? 
 what was below ? 
 just as she freed her arm , creep reached her , his hands tearing at her clothes , his body writhing against hers , his putrid breath wafting over her . 
 suddenly her dress was up around her waist again . 
 the boards scraped and chafed her bare legs and rear . 
 she felt it on top of her . 
 small . 
 hard . 
 poking . 
 she was revolted . 
 he was trying to pry her legs apart . 
 she squeezed them more tightly together . 
 then there was a sharp , whip-like crack , followed immediately by another . 
 scarlett felt herself falling . 
 chapter 29 `` if you do n't get him to talk , '' jahja told sal , `` i will kill you . 
 do you understand that ? '' 
 sal stared at damien fitzgerald . 
 the assassin was strapped to a wooden chair , his legs extended straight out in front of him , his pants rolled up to reveal ripped and bleeding shins . 
 skin hung away in flaps that exposed the flesh beneath . 
 next to the chair was the two-by-four which he assumed the terrorists had scraped up and down the man 's shins , like a cheese grater . 
 good . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 sal asked . 
 `` who he is . 
 what he is doing here . '' 
 `` his name is damien fitzgerald . 
 he 's a halfwit assassin . '' 
 sal went on to explain everything he knew , from the prince tower fire to what danny had learned from don xi in macau . 
 the entire time he kept his eyes fixed on the irishman , who did n't seem to notice or care . 
 it was as if he 'd withdrawn into himself . 
 `` here 's some proof , '' he finished , taking the tracking device from his pocket . 
 jahja examined it . 
 `` this is true ? 
 what you tell me ? '' 
 `` why would i lie ? '' 
 jahja nodded . 
 `` yes , maybe i do believe you . 
 and if this is the case , it would be only prudent to get rid of the assassin . 
 i see no further need of him . '' 
 fitzgerald finally looked at sal . 
 his eyes were daggers . 
 abruptly a woman screamed . 
 it was distant and shrill . 
 a man cried out in what sounded like excruciating pain moments later . 
 jahja and the two gunmen exchanged a few quick words in arabic . 
 then jahja and the goon with the beard ran outside , while the one with the mustache went to the church entrance but did n't leave . 
 sal remained where he was , wondering what the hell was happening . 
 his helplessness , his inability to act , enraged him . 
 `` you 're a fecking pillock , '' fitzgerald said . 
 sal looked at him . 
 `` that 's the best you got ? '' 
 `` do you want to live ? '' 
 `` you 're asking me that ? '' 
 he said , amazed . 
 `` you 're about to be executed , my friend . '' 
 `` and you soon after . '' 
 `` i 'll take my chances . '' 
 but in truth sal was concerned . 
 he was n't dealing with rational people . 
 they 'd shot joanna in cold blood , and they 'd said nothing so far about ransom negotiations . 
 so what if he 'd been wrong all along ? 
 what if they did n't want money ? 
 if that was true , then the irishman was right . 
 he was living on borrowed time . 
 `` i can help get you out of this , '' fitzgerald told him . 
 `` first give me your word you 'll release me afterward . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 sal shrugged . 
 `` you have it . 
 my word . '' 
 `` is it worth anything ? '' 
 `` it 's worth your life . 
 do you have any other choice ? '' 
 fitzgerald straightened in the chair and pulled his legs in , grimacing with the effort . 
 `` i 'm going to make a distraction , '' he explained . 
 `` when the wanker by the door comes to investigate , you grab the two-by-four and take him out . '' 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 `` what the feck else do you want ? 
 a sodding airstrike ? 
 take him out . 
 take his weapon . 
 get rid of the other two when they return . 
 do you have a better idea ? '' 
 sal ran the plan through his head . 
 it could work . 
 `` time 's running out , '' fitzgerald said . 
 `` make an executive decision . '' 
 sal let the jibe pass . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` step back , closer to the two-by-four . '' 
 sal stepped back . 
 fitzgerald rolled his eyes up in his head and started convulsing . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 sal shouted . 
 `` help him ! '' 
 the gunman returned from the entrance , cautious , likely expecting a trick . 
 the ak-47 was gripped tightly in both hands . 
 sal took another step back , giving him room , while positioning himself closer to the two-by-four . 
 the gunman did n't try to help fitzgerald . 
 he just stood there , watching him convulse . 
 the distraction was n't going to work , sal thought in frustration . 
 there would be no chance to grab the piece of wood . 
 he glanced at the entrance . 
 the other two would be back soon . 
 he had to do something -- fitzgerald 's legs shot out and locked around the gunman 's left knee . 
 he jerked his body sideways , sending himself and the chair and the gunman all crashing to the floor . 
 the gunman 's cocked elbows struck the stone , hard , causing him to release the assault rifle , which clattered harmlessly away . 
 sal took two quick steps and snatched up the two-by-four . 
 he swung it with all his strength at the back of the gunman 's head . 
 it struck with a satisfying crack , like a home run . 
 the man 's skull caved in , and he went limp . 
 `` quickly now , move the body , '' fitzgerald barked from his position on his side . 
 `` they can see it from the entrance . 
 then take his rifle and get to one side of the door , out of sight , out of their line of fire . 
 as soon as they enter , spray them from behind . 
 they wo n't be expecting it . '' 
 sal did n't like taking orders , but what the irishman said made sense . 
 he dragged the corpse between two front rows of pews and picked up the assault rifle . 
 `` is it on semi - or full-automatic ? '' 
 fitzgerald asked . 
 `` hell if i know . '' 
 `` see the selector ? 
 if it 's in the lowest position , it 's on single fire . '' 
 sal moved it up . 
 `` it 's in the middle now . '' 
 `` good . 
 pull back and release the charging handle . '' 
 sal followed the instructions , then went to the narthex , which was nothing more than a barren stone rectangle . 
 he pressed himself into the corner adjacent to the tall doors as he heard voices approaching , chattering urgently in arabic . 
 when the two terrorists stepped into view , sal squeezed the trigger . 
 the roar of gunfire was deafening in the small enclosure , punctuated by the fragile sound of expended casings striking the stone floor . 
 the terrorist with the beard dropped . 
 but his body acted as a shield , protecting jahja , who immediately leapt back through the church doors . 
 sal charged after him , itching to let loose another burst of bullets . 
 as soon as he stepped outside , however , two gunshots boomed . 
 he pivoted back inside . 
 `` christ ! '' 
 he swore , peering out the doors right as jahja ducked into the building-cum-prison . 
 go after him or wait ? 
 before sal could answer that question , jahja burst back outside , holding miranda against his chest , the pistol to her head . 
 `` do n't shoot ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` i 'll kill her ! '' 
 sal aimed the rifle . 
 they were two hundred fifty feet away . 
 jahja backed up , keeping miranda between himself and the church . 
 he was going to make a break for it . 
 sal considered letting jahja go , but quickly changed his mind . 
 he might regroup with the remaining gunman , wherever he was , making it two against one . 
 or he might double back to the riverboat and return with the two gunmen they had left behind . 
 which left only one option . 
 sal peered through the iron sight , said a silent apology to the embassy girl , and squeezed the trigger . 
 bullets chewed the ground ten feet in front of miranda and jahja . 
 he aimed higher , fired again . 
 miranda 's body jerked and flapped like a shirt caught in a strong wind . 
 jahja 's face stretched wide in surprise . 
 he shoved aside the dead girl , let off two shots , and ran . 
 but a bullet must have hit him , or gone through miranda and into him , because after a few steps he dropped the pistol and sank to his knees . 
 he started to crawl . 
 sal left the cover of the church and approached cautiously , the rifle 's laminated wood butt stock pressed tightly against his shoulder , his left hand on the forend grip , his right on the pistol grip , his index finger taking up the slack in the trigger . 
 he reached the discarded pistol , picked it up , and crossed the final few feet to jahja , who was still trying to crawl away . 
 pathetic . 
 he put his foot solidly on the man 's back and shoved him to the ground . 
 jahja rolled over . 
 his eyes burned with black hatred . 
 `` allahu akbar ! '' 
 he shouted , blood spurting from his mouth . 
 sal raised the handgun and squeezed the trigger . 
 jahja flopped to his side . 
 his legs twitched . 
 then he lay still . 
 resisting the urge to empty the entire magazine into the fanatic , knowing he needed to save ammunition , sal returned to the church to finish the irishman off . 
 he did n't care if he had given his word or not , the man was too dangerous to set free . 
 as soon as sal entered the nave , however , he froze . 
 the overturned chair in the transept was empty . 
 damien fitzgerald was gone . 
 chapter 30 blackness and pain . 
 christ , the pain ! 
 was she hung over ? 
 that 's what it felt like . 
 the worst damn hangover in the existence of alcohol . 
 everything throbbed -- her head , her arms , her shoulders , her butt . 
 the fall . 
 scarlett opened her eyes . 
 more blackness , more pain . 
 she sat up and cried out . 
 her back felt broken . 
 she knew that could n't be true though ; if it were , she would n't be sitting up . 
 she blinked , but there was n't anything to see except darkness . 
 her head was muzzy -- mashed potatoes -- but she pulled herself together and knew she must be somewhere in the bowels of the mine . 
 she remembered falling for what seemed an incredibly long time ... and then nothing . 
 she tried to stand . 
 every muscle in her body cried out in protest , as if she were doing something unnatural . 
 she instinctively looked up , but could n't make out anything . 
 how far had she fallen ? 
 twenty feet ? 
 twenty-five ? 
 more ? 
 did it matter ? 
 well , yes , because she had to somehow get the hell back out . 
 she thought it could have been twenty-five feet or more . 
 that was not cheerful news . 
 she shuffled around , trying to get a feel for her surroundings . 
 her foot brushed something warm and hairy . 
 she yelped , jumping away . 
 it was creep . 
 had to be . 
 she must have landed on him . 
 he broke her fall . 
 that 's why she only felt like an animated corpse and was n't actually one . 
 steeling her nerve , she checked his pulse . 
 none . 
 he was dead . 
 `` thank god , '' she said softly . 
 reassured by the sound of her voice , she added , `` you deserved it , you sick bastard . '' 
 scarlett padded around for his assault rifle , touched cool metal , worked the strap loose from around his neck , and hooked it over her shoulder . 
 right . 
 now what ? 
 a gun was n't going to do much good against darkness . 
 she probed blindly with outstretched arms . 
 it took her a few minutes because she was moving slow , not wanting to knock her head on something , but she eventually determined she was in a tunnel approximately five feet wide . 
 given that she could only go one way or the other , she went right , hoping it did n't lead her deeper underground . 
 she walked cautiously , one hand against the rocky wall . 
 with each step , her head cleared and she became more frightened as the reality of her new predicament settled over her like a lead cloak , wanting to crush her strength , her spirit . 
 the mine could be like an ant farm , with hundreds of tunnels zigzagging every which way . 
 how would she ever navigate her way out ? 
 there were likely animals around as well . 
 certainly bats and insects . 
 maybe something worse . 
 maybe something huge and reptilian and ancient that had n't been discovered yet because it lived in the middle of the congo at the bottom of an abandoned mine . 
 fresh panic fluttered in scarlett 's gut . 
 what if she never reached the surface ? 
 how long would she last ? 
 even if she was lucky enough to find water -- flowing water , not a dirty , stagnant pool -- she would never find food . 
 she would be doomed to die the slow and painful death of starvation , not much more than skin and a skull on an emancipated body , her final moments spent curled up in a fetal position , as if rigor knew what was coming and decided to prematurely settle in . 
 then again , she thought , she might slip and crack her head long before that . 
 abruptly her hand brushed a vertical strip of wood . 
 a ladder . 
 a tremor of relief rocked her body . 
 she gripped the worn and roughly hewn parallel stringers and tried to rattle them . 
 they were solid , affixed somehow to the stone wall . 
 scarlett climbed . 
 ten feet up the rock closed in around her so she was ascending through a tight tunnel drilled through the earth . 
 twenty feet . 
 thirty . 
 thirty-five . 
 had she really fallen this far ? 
 when was the shaft going to end ? 
 a rung snapped under her weight . 
 scarlett cried out , her feet dangling in the air . 
 holding on only by her hands , she kicked frantically until she found purchase . 
 she clung fiercely to the left upright , her breath coming in deep and ragged gasps in the dark . 
 once she got herself under control , she continued upward , now stepping on the outermost edges of each rung , which she thought would be stronger . 
 it turned out she 'd been almost at the top because several steps later the ladder came to an end , the top poking a couple feet above the floor of a new lateral shaft . 
 carefully , very carefully , she shifted onto the dirt ground , where she flipped onto her back , grateful to have something beneath her again . 
 she stared into the blackness , listening to her breathing . 
 then she frowned -- in a good way . 
 was the air less stuffy , less dank ? 
 was this the original level she 'd been on before crashing through the rope bridge ? 
 scarlett pushed herself to her feet and started in the opposite direction she 'd gone earlier , believing it would take her back the way she 'd come . 
 she went slowly , knowing her next step could send her plummeting down a different ladder hole . 
 after about twenty paces the blackness started to lighten , or at least she thought it did . 
 another twenty paces confirmed it . 
 the blackness was now a deep gray . 
 the air had changed as well . 
 it smelled cleaner . 
 hope welled in her chest . 
 she 'd never felt such euphoria ; she felt as if she were floating . 
 a little farther on spears of sunlight pierced the dark . 
 scarlett ran the remaining distance , not caring about ladder holes or rocks in her path or anything . 
 maybe she was a little crazy right then . 
 maybe something had ticked over inside her head from sane to insane . 
 maybe -- but she did n't care . 
 all that mattered was getting out of the god-awful mine . 
 she kept running and before she knew it she burst through the mesh of vegetation overgrowing the exit , crashing into a bramble of bush and small shrubs . 
 she fell to her chest and laughed and sobbed . 
 the smell of dirt and grass was divine . 
 emerging from the darkness to the light felt like some miraculous rebirth . 
 she was free ! 
 not just from the mine , she realized , still high on ecstasy , but from the terrorists as well . 
 scarlett did n't know how long she laid there for , reveling in her freedom , but eventually she pushed herself to her feet and turned around in a circle . 
 some of her elation dripped away . 
 there was no field ahead of her , no scattering of ruined buildings . 
 all she could see in every direction were masses of verdant green trees and bush . 
 it took her a moment to realize what had happened . 
 she 'd exited a different mineshaft than the one she 'd entered . 
 that worried her . 
 if she went the wrong way now , she would be utterly lost . 
 her temporary high plummeted to a new low and she felt defeated . 
 she slumped down on a large rock and ran her hands through her oily hair . 
 her tan sandals were mud black . 
 the frosty-pink nail polish on each of her toenails had been scraped away . 
 her legs wept with sores . 
 her dress was filthy and spotted with blood . 
 the top three buttons were missing so it hung open around her neck , exposing her white bra and the necklaces . 
 the necklaces . 
 sitting straighter , scarlett yanked the steel pendant over her head and cracked it open to reveal the compass . 
 thank you , old woman ! 
 knowing she would only have one chance to get this right , scarlett cleared her mind of everything but the matter at hand . 
 the compass had said they 'd gone northwest from the riverboat . 
 the original mine entrance was directly opposite where they 'd emerged into the clearing , which meant it was in the same direction , northwest -- which meant if she headed south , she should find her way back to the clearing . 
 right ? 
 right . 
 she hoped . 
 she turned the compass housing until the direction of the travel arrow was facing the south marker . 
 she adjusted her feet until the red part of the needle -- the part that faced south , because she was in the southern hemisphere -- was aligned with the orienting arrow . 
 holding the compass flat , she set off in a southward direction . 
 the vegetation was dense . 
 several times she was forced to circumvent impassable obstacles such as thickets of razor-sharp thorns or gigantic spider webs dotted with thousands of tiny spiders . 
 at one point she heard a primal , ghoulish screech echo through the towering canopy . 
 she looked up and saw shadowy shapes swinging through the branches . 
 they were agile and stealthy and most likely chimpanzees -- ruthless and organized hunters that fed on smaller monkeys . 
 she might not be a small monkey herself , but she did n't want to wait around to see if they knew that . 
 she began to run , tripping and falling several times in her haste , only slowing again when the otherworldly cries faded behind her . 
 nevertheless , the farther scarlett went with no sign of the clearing , the more disillusioned she became with her orienteering skills . 
 what if she was going the wrong way ? 
 what if she 'd gone too far east or west and had walked straight past the clearing ? 
 or what if the compass was in fact made for the northern hemisphere , not the south . 
 did that make a difference ? 
 all she knew was that magnetic compasses were fitted with weights , because the needle not only pointed either north or south but also down , since both poles were buried deep within the earth . 
 if the counterbalancing weights were indeed mixed up , would that affect the reading ? 
 did her compass even have weights ? 
 after all , she 'd bought the damn thing from a third-world market . 
 scarlett wanted to scream . 
 she was no freer than when she was under the thumb of jahja and his henchmen . 
 regardless , stopping was n't an option , nor was turning back . 
 so she trudged on , the rifle strap digging ever deeper into her shoulder , the barrel smacking the back of her legs . 
 she focused on the pain , welcomed it even , because it kept her moving and alert . 
 then , like stepping through a magic curtain , the forest vanished and the field appeared , golden-green in the sunshine . 
 it was beautiful , picture-perfect . 
 if scarlett had the energy , she might have whooped with joy . 
 but all she did was sag , exhausted , against a tree and try to catch her labored breath . 
 her dress , she noticed , was now ripped in several places and was so saturated with sweat she could have just stepped out of a swimming pool . 
 her throat was on fire , as if she 'd just run a marathon . 
 minute by minute , however , she began to regain her strength and pull her thoughts together . 
 and she became increasingly glad she had n't celebrated after all . 
 it would have been premature and foolish , because what was she going to do now ? 
 run in bullets flying à la chuck norris , cutting down all the bad guys ? 
 she straightened and surveyed the backside of the cluster of brick-and-stone buildings . 
 creep had been the one guarding the door to the prison the day before , but now that he was dead , she hoped no one would be watching it . 
 if that turned out to be the case , and she could slip inside the prison unnoticed , she 'd rally thunder and sal and miranda and make a break for the river . 
 was that the plan then ? 
 apparently so . 
 simple and sweet and likely suicidal , but it was the best she could come up with . 
 scarlett crept along the edge of the forest until she had a clear view of the street -- and what she saw confused and terrified her . 
 there were three bodies lying in the dirt . 
 one belonged to joanna . 
 but who did the other two belong to ? 
 before scarlett allowed herself to begin on wild speculation , she dashed across the open grassland to a lone silk cotton tree that was halfway between the edge of the forest and the ruins . 
 the diameter of the trunk was at least six feet , providing her ample cover . 
 she peered over a buttress root and gasped . 
 one of the bodies was miranda . 
 she recognized the girl 's long hair and lanky limbs . 
 the other was pudgy and dressed in olive green . 
 jahja ? 
 scarlett experienced a sudden disassociation of sense . 
 why did they kill miranda ? 
 and who the hell killed jahja ? 
 where were thunder and sal ? 
 were they dead or alive ? 
 and where were the other two gunmen ? 
 she closed her eyes briefly against the dizziness that threatened to drop her . 
 there was only one way to find out . 
 scarlett hefted the ak-47 in front of her . 
 it was heavy , maybe seven or eight pounds , and smelled of oil . 
 she said a silent prayer , apologizing to whoever was listening for being an atheist for so many years , then darted out from behind the tree . 
 she covered the last fifty yards to the back of the prison , slunk along the side of the building , and peeked around the front corner . 
 the street was empty except for the three bodies . 
 she followed the façade of the building to the front door and slipped inside . 
 coolness , darkness -- and thunder , curled into a ball , exactly where she 'd left him . 
 he was alive ! 
 she knelt beside him . 
 `` thunder , '' she said urgently . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he opened his eyes . 
 they were rheumy and unfocused . 
 `` shooting , '' he mumbled . 
 `` but why ? '' 
 `` do n't know . '' 
 `` where 's sal ? '' 
 `` took him . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i was here for that . 
 he never returned ? '' 
 `` do n't think . '' 
 `` okay , hold on . 
 i 'm going to go look for him . 
 then we 're getting out of here . '' 
 outside , holding the assault rifle in both hands , diagonal across her chest like a soldier , scarlett felt like a pretender , considering she did n't even know how to use the stupid thing . 
 but she felt more confident gripping it that way than letting it dangle uselessly at her side . 
 she looked left , then right , like she 'd been taught by the police officer who 'd visited her elementary school twenty years ago . 
 no drunk drivers . 
 no terrorists pumped to rape or kill her . 
 she dashed across the road without incident and before she could think better of it rushed through the church 's front entrance , pointing the rifle ahead of her , ready to fire at anybody in camouflage . 
 she slipped in a slick of blood and went down hard , stinging her hands and jarring her knees . 
 she whirled and spotted one of the gunmen -- beard -- lying on the floor a few feet away . 
 his body was riddled with bullet holes . 
 she looked at her apple-red palms and thought she might be sick . 
 `` scarlett ? '' 
 she bumbled for the rifle that was still hanging on the strap around her neck and swung it toward whoever had called to her . 
 it was sal ! 
 he was behind the high altar , pointing his own rifle at her . 
 a rush of euphoria coursed through her body . 
 `` sal ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 she ran over and threw her arms around him , almost knocking him over in the process . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 his voice was firm yet gentle at the same time . 
 `` he took me to the woods , '' she blurted into his shoulder . 
 `` he wanted to rape me . 
 i got away . 
 he chased me into a mine . 
 the bridge broke . 
 we fell . 
 i landed on him . 
 he 's dead . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` creep -- one of the gunmen . '' 
 `` good lord ! '' 
 sal broke apart . 
 his eyes were feverish with satisfaction . 
 `` that 's all of them then . '' 
 scarlett did the math . 
 creep . 
 jahja . 
 beard . 
 that was three -- three out of four . 
 they were missing mustache . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` there 's one more . '' 
 sal gave her his own count , which included a terrorist lying between the pews . 
 she could n't see the floor between the pews from the chancel where she stood , but she did see a bloody smear leading from the transept into the rows of wooden benches . 
 `` they 're really dead ? '' 
 she said , dumbstruck . 
 `` all of them ? 
 they 're all dead ? '' 
 it seemed too good to be true . 
 `` except for the irishman . '' 
 sal nodded to an open door in the outer wall of the ambulatory . 
 `` bastard escaped . '' 
 she felt a shot of fear . 
 `` he 's around here somewhere ? '' 
 sal shook his head . 
 `` he heard my story about don xi . 
 knows the man paying his bill is dead . 
 and he was in pretty bad shape . 
 i 'm guessing he would have been eager to simply get the hell out of here . '' 
 `` don xi 's dead ? 
 i thought -- '' `` i 'll explain later . '' 
 scarlett was about to protest , but did n't . 
 she did n't give a rat 's ass about don xi right then . 
 `` where would the irishman go ? '' 
 she asked instead . 
 `` he got here somehow . 
 i 'm sure he had a way to get back out again . '' 
 `` what about miranda ? 
 i saw her body . 
 what happened to her ? '' 
 `` she tried to run away . 
 the guy by the door shot her . '' 
 `` what else happened ? 
 how did you kill them all ? '' 
 `` it 's complicated , '' he said shortly . 
 `` i 'll explain later . '' 
 scarlett nodded understandingly . 
 she did n't want to talk about what creep had done to her either . 
 not now , at least . 
 there 'd be time in the future to sit down and sift through it all . 
 god , she thought , she had a future again . 
 `` so what should we do ? '' 
 `` wait for danny . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` danny 's coming , '' sal said nonchalantly , as if danny 's arrival had always been a foregone conclusion . 
 `` he 'll be here in a few hours . '' 
 `` but how ? '' 
 `` i called him on that . '' 
 sal indicated a hard orange case about the size of a laptop sitting on the center of the altar . 
 it was open , revealing something slightly larger than a regular cell phone cushioned in blow-molded gray foam . 
 `` how does he even know where we are ? 
 we do n't even know where we are . '' 
 sal pulled a square from his pocket and unfolded it . 
 `` the map ! '' 
 she said . 
 he nodded . 
 `` complete with latitude and longitude markers . 
 we 're just inside the democratic republic of the congo , about halfway between the eastern border and the congo river . '' 
 so i was right , she thought inconsequentially . 
 it 's the congo . 
 `` danny 's really coming ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i gave him our grid reference . 
 he should be here in a couple hours . '' 
 `` how can he possibly get here so quickly ? '' 
 `` you have to give the man more respect , cara mia . 
 he 's been in tanzania for days now . 
 he chartered a helicopter , which he 's kept on standby , ready to fly as soon as he got wind of our location . '' 
 scarlett 's years of pent-up hostility toward danny zamir instantly went up in smoke . 
 she felt as though the best player in sport , her competition for so many years , had suddenly been traded to her team . 
 she decided she owed him a big apology when she saw him , maybe even a hug . 
 `` what about the police ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` did you call them ? '' 
 `` no need . 
 the jet 's fully fueled and waiting in dar es salaam . 
 we can be back in the states by tomorrow morning . 
 `` can we do that ? 
 just leave ? 
 do n't we -- '' `` i 'm not sitting around here while the locals try to sort this bloody mess out . 
 it could take weeks , and i do n't know about you , but i 'm sick of africa . 
 we 're not criminals . 
 we did n't do anything illegal . 
 everything that happened was in self-defense . 
 if they have questions for us , they can contact us in la. '' `` i do n't think it works like that , sal . '' 
 `` they can talk to my lawyers then . '' 
 `` what about thunder ? '' 
 `` we 'll drop him off at the airport . 
 they can take him to a hospital from there . '' 
 `` he 's in bad shape . 
 i wish there was something we could do for him now . '' 
 sal nodded to the three rucksacks the terrorists had carried in on their backs . 
 they were resting in a heap against the apse . 
 `` maybe there 's some medicine in one of those ? '' 
 scarlett rifled through the top one and found a first-aid kit . 
 she messed through adhesive and gauze pads and bandages until she found several packages of aspirin . 
 she stuck two in her pocket for thunder , thinking they might help his fever , then tore open another two and dry-swallowed the tablets . 
 sal was watching her . 
 `` migraine ? '' 
 `` it 's been on and off since we were thrown in the van . '' 
 `` guess this really was n't the r&r you were expecting ? '' 
 `` we should have gone to the caribbean , '' she told him dryly . 
 back outside , scarlett noticed the sky had darkened to an ominous gray . 
 her eyes fell on miranda and joanna 's bodies . 
 her relief at finding sal okay and her excitement upon learning danny was on his way to rescue them were immediately doused . 
 the embassy women were dead . 
 emptiness swept through her . 
 `` we should bring them inside the church , '' she said . 
 `` it 's going to rain . '' 
 sal nodded . 
 as they walked over to the bodies , scarlett tried to avert her gaze , but her eyes were drawn to the corpses the same way a motorist 's eyes were drawn to a gruesome roadside accident . 
 death might be horrible but , like it or not , it was fascinating . 
 in this case it had made parodies of the embassy women 's former selves -- schlock-horror b-movie zombies . 
 joanna , dignified in life , was facedown in the mud , a big piece of her skull missing . 
 her arms were at her side , her legs slightly apart , the left one bent at the knee . 
 miranda was on her back , staring up into the gray sky with sightless eyes . 
 her skin was ghostly white , her mouth open in a silent scream , her blouse shredded from shrapnel . 
 through the holes in the silk her skin and bra were visible , both painted a dark crimson . 
 `` we 'll move miranda first , '' sal said . 
 `` she 's lighter . '' 
 scarlett took hold of miranda 's wrists , which were cool and clammy , while sal grabbed her by the ankles . 
 rigor had n't set in yet so she was still flexible and easy enough to lift . 
 as they carried the girl to the church , scarlett could smell urine and sweat . 
 they returned for joanna and brought her inside as well . 
 the two bodies now rested side by side in front of the altar . 
 `` we should cover them with something , '' scarlett said . 
 she went to the recessed apse , where a five-by-ten-foot tapestry hung on the wall . 
 the woven picture displayed a large cross hovering in the blue sky with golden beams of sunlight slanting away from it over a small village surrounded by trees . 
 it took her a moment to realize the village was probably a depiction of the one she was in now , before it had been burned to the ground . 
 she gave the tapestry a solid tug . 
 there was a brief rip-tearing noise , then the entire thing was lying in a heap at her feet . 
 and she was left staring at a wooden door in the stone wall . 
 chapter 31 `` look at that , '' sal said , coming to stand beside her . 
 he gripped the black doorknob and pulled the door open . 
 the hinges groaned like something out of a haunted house . 
 a stone passageway curved away into darkness . 
 `` where do you think it leads ? '' 
 scarlett asked . 
 `` an undercroft , i presume . '' 
 she could feel cool air coming up from the passage . 
 `` maybe we should take joanna and miranda down there ? 
 it would preserve their bodies better until help arrives for them . '' 
 `` it 's too dark . 
 if you tripped on those stairs , you might break your neck . '' 
 `` hold on . '' 
 she went to the rucksacks and dug through them , retrieving the two flashlights she 'd noticed while searching for the first-aid kit . 
 she flicked them both on to make sure they worked . 
 they did . 
 she returned to sal , handed him one , and started down . 
 `` you forgot the bodies , '' he said from behind her . 
 `` i 'm checking it out first . '' 
 the stairs were narrow and steep and curving . 
 the yellow beams of the two flashlights cut circular swaths in the darkness , revealing grimy , crumbling stone walls . 
 the stairs seemed to go on and on before they emerged in a large open space . 
 scarlett felt dwarfed , like a spelunker who 'd just stumbled upon a vast cavern . 
 she directed the flashlight around . 
 the undercroft was brick-lined with high vaulted ceilings . 
 it seemed to extend not only below the chancel but the nave and transepts as well . 
 corridors stretched away from the main section at right angles . 
 except for the slow plink-plink of dripping water , it was tomb quiet , the air dank and smelling of mildew and age . 
 `` spooky , '' sal said from beside her . 
 scarlett said , `` let 's go get miranda . '' 
 `` not so fast . 
 you wanted to check it out , so let 's check it out . '' 
 `` i 've seen enough . '' 
 `` just a few minutes . '' 
 before she could reply , sal walked away from her to the nearest corridor , leaving her alone . 
 she hurried to catch up . 
 the arched alcove was about twenty feet deep . 
 at the end of it was a rectangular box . 
 `` do n't tell me that 's a coffin , '' she said . 
 she was whispering , though she did n't know why . 
 nobody was around to hear her . 
 but it seemed appropriate considering this place was n't an undercroft as they 'd previously assumed ; it was a crypt -- a place for the dead . 
 `` give me a hand with the lid , '' sal said . 
 `` are you nuts ? '' 
 `` what 's the problem ? '' 
 `` why do you want to open it ? '' 
 `` to see what 's inside . '' 
 `` i think i have a pretty good idea , sal . '' 
 `` it 'll give us a clue as to who ran this village before it burned down . 
 now are you going to help me or not ? '' 
 scarlett wanted to say no , but she knew sal would do it himself anyway . 
 that would take longer , which meant they would be down here longer . 
 they each took an end of the wooden lid and lifted . 
 the lid came free with a small puff of escaping air . 
 scarlett leaned forward to look inside the coffin . 
 the smell of mold and human dust and dried meat hit the back of her throat like a physical presence . 
 she gagged and stumbled away , dropping her end of the lid . 
 it crashed to the floor , the rotten wood splintering on contact . 
 sal , left with the entire weight , cursed and dropped his end as well . 
 learning from her mistake , he covered his nose with his arm and looked inside the coffin . 
 scarlett did the same . 
 although she had seen several corpses in the last few hours , none of them had been dead for very long , and all had looked human . 
 what she saw now did n't look human one bit . 
 the face of the skull stared at her in broken horror . 
 the jaw hung open in a silent yowl , slightly lopsided , showing peg-like teeth . 
 the eye sockets were gaping black holes filled with dust and other decomposed organic matter . 
 the skeletal body was dressed in a royal-blue jacket with a line of bronze buttons down the front , wide knickerbockers , puttees , and leather ankle boots . 
 `` some sort of colonial soldier , '' sal said . 
 `` french or belgium maybe . '' 
 scarlett stared , transfixed by the clothed skeleton , the ghastly thing that had once been a man -- a man who likely at one time had a wife and a house and a family , a man who had felt fear and happiness and love , who had seen beauty in a sunrise and put value to money and obeyed the rules of right and wrong . 
 a man who was now bones in a box . 
 scarlett felt like she was being let in on some age-old secret . 
 this was what death looked like , she thought . 
 how miranda and joanna would soon look . 
 what she herself would one day be . 
 she blinked and turned away . 
 she was freaking herself out , and this was not the place where she wanted to be freaked out . 
 with a jolt of panic , she realized sal was gone . 
 frowning , she swept the flashlight beam across the mouth of the alcove . 
 shadows danced and leapt . 
 `` sal ? '' 
 she called . 
 `` come here ! '' 
 his voice echoed slightly from somewhere to the right . 
 `` i want to leave . '' 
 `` come here . '' 
 scarlett found him in the next corridor over , examining another coffin . 
 `` opening one coffin , fine , sal , '' she said , reprimanding . 
 `` but two ? 
 that 's perverse . '' 
 `` look . '' 
 he aimed the light at the floor , revealing several sets of footprints in the dust , which were n't hers or his . 
 they all led from the stairs directly to the coffin and nowhere else . 
 scarlett 's first thought : vampire . 
 some undead thing sleeping its days away down here , waking at dusk to feed on blood during the night . 
 but then the rational side of her brain kicked in , reminding her that there were no such thing as vampires and witches and other monsters . 
 there was a much more logical explanation for the footprints . 
 `` jahja ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` who else ? '' 
 `` why would he be interested in that coffin ? '' 
 `` that 's what i want to find out . 
 give me a hand with the lid again . 
 and try not to drop it this time . '' 
 she joined him at the coffin . 
 on the count of three they heaved the lid off and set it on the floor so it leaned at a forty-five degree angle against the wall . 
 they covered their noses and peered in . 
 the coffin was filled with a smorgasbord of automatic weapons , boxes of ammunition , magazines , grenades , and other miscellaneous military gear . 
 `` jackpot , '' sal said . 
 scarlett uncovered her nose . 
 this time the only smell was that of oil and metal and cardboard . 
 `` why would jahja be stashing all these weapons out here ? '' 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 `` well , whatever . 
 can we leave now ? 
 i want to get joanna and miranda down here so i can attend to thunder . '' 
 sal nodded , but not before he selected a grenade and stashed it in his pocket . 
 scarlett frowned . 
 `` why do you want that ? '' 
 `` we 're still in the jungle , cara mia . 
 still vulnerable . 
 until danny arrives , it 's better to remain safe than sorry . '' 
 `` safe from what ? '' 
 sal did n't have an answer to that -- or if he did , he was n't telling . 
 chapter 32 scarlett and sal sat shoulder to shoulder against the stone wall of what had only recently been their prison . 
 thunder lay along the floor in front of them , sal 's torn blazer bunched beneath his head as a pillow . 
 scarlett had given him the two aspirin and made him drink some water she 'd brought from the church . 
 that had been almost two hours before . 
 he seemed to be doing better now . 
 at least his fever was in remission . 
 the rain , a steady drizzle , had n't let up yet , but it had n't gotten any worse either . 
 it was still thundering and lightning , each white blaze visible through the cracks in the ceiling . 
 scarlett was deep in thought , going over everything she wanted to do when she returned home to la , which included eating a mammoth cheeseburger from dukes on the sunset strip , ordered in , taking a long hot bubble bath in her jacuzzi , and maybe calling up her masseuse , rose , for a three-hour-long pampering . 
 thunder 's eyes fluttered open . 
 `` thunder ! '' 
 she said , cheeseburgers and massages instantly forgotten . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` like i just woke up on the bottom of the scrimmage . '' 
 `` is there anything i can do for you ? '' 
 `` got any food ? '' 
 `` there 's some in the church . 
 we ate some earlier . 
 i 'll go get you something . '' 
 he looked confused . 
 `` what about ... you know ... the bad guys ? '' 
 `` they 're all dead . '' 
 hearing herself speak those words gave her a thrill . 
 it should n't . 
 death was still death , regardless of who it had ferried across the styx , and she was n't sadistic , but she could n't help the feeling . 
 jahja and his cronies were dead ; she and sal and thunder were alive . 
 all was as it should be in the world . 
 except for joanna and miranda , she thought dourly . 
 do n't forget about them . 
 apparently her words gave thunder a thrill too . 
 his eyes widened and his mouth opened , as if to ask what she was talking about . 
 `` i 'll explain when i get back , '' she told him . 
 `` i 'm coming too , '' sal said . 
 `` i can get it -- '' `` yes , i know , '' he said , cutting her off . 
 `` still , we should stick together . '' 
 scarlett nodded . 
 she understood . 
 they did n't know for sure whether the irishman was truly gone or not . 
 they collected their assault rifles -- sal had shown her how to use hers -- and went outside . 
 halfway across the road , scarlett froze . 
 she grabbed sal 's forearm and pointed to the west side of the clearing , where a short column of people had emerged from the forest and were now walking toward the town . 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 she said . 
 thunder grumbled loudly . 
 the line of men grew more distinct . 
 she counted at least two dozen . 
 one of the half-naked tribes she 'd seen living along the riverbank ? 
 a rat-pack of bushman-like congolese villagers ? 
 yes , it must -- a zigzag of lightning crackled overhead , momentarily illuminating the clearing . 
 not villagers , she realized . 
 they wore backward or sideways baseball caps , bandanas , and baggy t-shirts and shorts . 
 a few even had on mismatched military uniforms and too-large combat helmets . 
 they walked with a swagger , like the mexican street gangs in la. . 
 they all carried automatic weapons . 
 `` rebels , '' sal said , stating what she was thinking . 
 `` i think that was their stash of weapons we discovered earlier . '' 
 scarlett wondered if sal had suspected this back in the crypt , and if that was the reason he 'd taken the grenade . 
 but there was no time to press the matter . 
 the rebels had spotted them in the flash of lightning as well . 
 they let out a collective cry and broke into a run toward them . 
 sal raised his assault rifle . 
 `` do n't , '' scarlett said , yanking his arm back down . 
 `` there 're too many of them . 
 if they see you pointing that thing , they 'll shoot us down . '' 
 she was aware of the quiver in her voice . 
 `` what the hell do you want me to do ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 there 's nothing we can do . '' 
 when the large group of men came to within fifty feet , they stopped and shouted incomprehensible words and waved their guns in the air . 
 scarlett and sal raised their hands . 
 bolstered by the show of peace , the rebels advanced slowly . 
 it turned out they were n't men ; they were boys , most no older than teenagers . 
 it was like a scene out of lord of the flies . 
 or , more precisely , lord of the flies meets boyz n the hood . 
 even so , she was trembling . 
 their expressions were murder , their eyes bloodshot . 
 a few were holding bottles of a murky white drink that she was pretty sure was n't milk . 
 a long , thin , tubular object was strapped to the back of one of them . 
 a rocket launcher ? 
 `` hello , '' sal said , and the confidence he displayed amazed her . 
 `` do you speak english ? '' 
 the oldest kid , who was maybe in his early twenties , stepped forward . 
 he was wearing wraparound sunglasses and an extra-large eminem t-shirt . 
 a red beret sat atop his thick , tightly curled black hair . 
 he looked simultaneously ridiculous and terrifying . 
 `` i am killer , '' he announced . 
 scarlett and sal exchanged a look . 
 a burst of lightning sparked the sky , chased by heavy thunder . 
 the rain fell harder . 
 `` killer is your name ? '' 
 sal said . 
 a little less confident ? 
 `` sergeant major killer . 
 i want money . '' 
 `` we do n't have any money . '' 
 `` you give me drugs then . '' 
 `` do i look like i carry drugs , chief ? '' 
 scarlett rested a warning hand on sal 's forearm . 
 what was he thinking ? 
 these might be kids , but this was their world -- a world without rules or repercussions . 
 if they decided sal was patronizing them , they 'd likely shoot him for his insolence . 
 undeterred by the rain , the kid with the red beret took out a rolled cigarette and lit up . 
 not tobacco , scarlett realized when the waft of smoke drifted in her face . 
 cannabis . 
 they were drunk and high . 
 killer took off the shades , hooked them on the neck of his shirt , and said , `` give me your guns . '' 
 `` no , '' sal said . 
 `` yes , sal , '' scarlett said harshly . 
 she lifted the rifle strap over her shoulder and handed the weapon to killer stock first . 
 he examined it for a moment , then fired a burst of bullets into the air . 
 scarlett ducked , covering her ears . 
 sal stepped backward . 
 killer tossed the ak-47 to one of the other kids and said , `` i want that one also . '' 
 this time sal gave it to him without protest . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 he asked , handing the joint to a guy with a leonardo dicaprio t-shirt . 
 scarlett knew full well that her face could just as easily have been on that shirt , and she wondered if she should tell these kids who she was . 
 would they suddenly treat her to a big feast with music and dancing like something out of romancing the stone ? 
 or would they rape her and kill her for the bragging rights ? 
 she looked in killer 's blood-crazed eyes . 
 she kept quiet . 
 `` we 're americans , '' sal said . 
 `` we were taken here by terrorists . '' 
 `` you lie . 
 you are fdlr . '' 
 `` do we look like fdlr ? '' 
 scarlett wiped rain from her eyes . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` a rwandan rebel group , '' sal told her . 
 `` see , i am right , '' killer said . 
 `` you are fdlr . '' 
 `` why would we be down here , this far south ? '' 
 `` you are running from the rwanda army or the congolese government . '' 
 `` look at me , kid , '' sal said curtly . 
 `` am i black ? '' 
 `` you are undercover . '' 
 killer laughed . 
 `` no , i know who you are for real . 
 you are un . 
 you are monuc . 
 you are working with the armed forces to get rid of us . '' 
 `` and who are you ? '' 
 `` i am rambo . 
 major general rambo . '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant . '' 
 `` so you are monuc ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i think you are . '' 
 `` listen , killer -- '' `` rambo . '' 
 `` okay , rambo -- '' `` major general rambo . '' 
 sal took a frustrated breath and said , `` look , major general rambo . 
 there 's a helicopter coming for us very soon . 
 when it gets here , i can get you some money , if that 's what you want . 
 just relax for now and be patient . '' 
 `` we will kill them . '' 
 sal 's eyebrows shot up in surprise . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` good luck . '' 
 `` we will eat them . '' 
 scarlett could n't help but feel as if she 'd fallen down the rabbit hole . 
 the conversation sounded comical , absurd even , but there was an underlying menace that made the hair on the back of her neck stand tall . 
 a burst of forked lightning turned the sky dark blue . 
 the kid with the dicaprio shirt shouted and pointed to jahja 's body lying twenty-five feet away in the middle of the road . 
 `` you killed him ? '' 
 rambo said to sal . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i told you . 
 we were kidnapped . 
 he was one of the kidnappers . '' 
 `` he is a soldier ? '' 
 `` he 's a terrorist . '' 
 `` how many more soldiers are here ? '' 
 `` none . '' 
 rambo barked something to his gang . 
 two of the kids jogged off to search the buildings . 
 they emerged from the prison dragging thunder by the arms and tossed him onto the muddy road . 
 thunder , still semi-unconscious , raised his head and started to say something . 
 one of the kids kicked him in the face with his boot . 
 he collapsed and lay still . 
 scarlett cringed but held her tongue . 
 `` you lied to me , '' rambo said , then fired a slug into sal 's leg . 
 sal gasped , collapsing to the ground . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 scarlett screamed , flabbergasted by how quickly they 'd gone from talking to gunshots . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 rambo barked more orders . 
 his child soldiers dragged sal and thunder and prodded her around the side of the church to a fire pit , where they pulled back a blue plastic tarp to reveal separate piles of dry tinder , kindling , and larger sticks . 
 they started tossing leaves , grass , and bark into the ring of stones . 
 scarlett , however , was focused solely on sal . 
 he was lying beside her , his eyes closed , his face wet . 
 she took his hand in hers and squeezed , thinking briefly about how he 'd done the same to her last week in the hospital . 
 he squeezed back weakly . 
 his jaw muscles were bunched , as if he was in severe pain , and she had no doubt he was . 
 the bullet had gone into his thigh , just above the knee . 
 given the amount of blood soaking his pant leg , it looked as if it might have hit a deep artery or vein -- and if that was the case , she knew he would n't make it until danny arrived . 
 she was losing him , and there was nothing she could do about it . 
 she felt as if she 'd been caught up in a powerful mudslide , and all she could do was hang on to something and pray for the best . 
 she gripped the hemline of her dress with shaking hands and tore upward , creating a slit . 
 she pulled horizontally , parallel with the lower edge , until she 'd ripped free a long piece of fabric . 
 she folded the cloth in half , corner to corner , then folded it again and again until she had a makeshift bandage that was roughly three inches wide and several layers thick . 
 `` can you hear me , sal ? '' 
 she said softly . 
 he nodded . 
 `` you 're bleeding a lot . 
 i have a tourniquet . 
 i 'm going to tie it around your leg . 
 it 's going to hurt -- '' `` no . '' 
 `` i have to , sal . '' 
 `` it 's too late . '' 
 `` do n't say that . '' 
 his eyes opened . 
 they were filled with rage . 
 `` help me up , '' he said . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` help me get to my feet . '' 
 `` you ca n't stand . 
 not with your leg -- '' `` i 'm not going to die lying down . '' 
 `` sal -- '' `` help me . '' 
 fighting back tears , scarlett moved beside him so he could loop an arm around her neck . 
 she stood , pulling him upright with her , taking half his weight . 
 her mind was numb ; she was just going through the motions . 
 but a part of her , a part she did n't want to recognize , thought maybe she knew what she was doing -- knew she was helping sal kill himself . 
 rambo , who had been overseeing the fire , saw them and laughed . 
 `` where do you think you are going ? '' 
 scarlett could feel sal shaking -- the stress of trying to stand on one leg . 
 `` i love you , cara mia , '' he said in a gruff voice . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should have been a better husband . '' 
 `` i love you too , sal , '' she told him , and now the tears were flowing freely . 
 `` always . '' 
 rambo barked something to two of his men . 
 they set down the firewood stacked in their arms and started toward them . 
 sal abruptly shoved scarlett aside , hard enough she fell to the ground . 
 she stared up at him through the rain and tears and watched as he reached behind his back and took out a pistol that was stuck in the waistband of his pants , against the small of his back . 
 `` sal ! 
 do n't ! '' 
 he swung the gun around and fired two shots at the two man-boys coming toward him . 
 he took the grenade from his pocket , tugged free the pull-ring of the safety pin with his teeth , and lobbed it twenty feet away into the fire pit , where five-foot-tall flames were now tangoing in the storm . 
 mayhem immediately broke out . 
 the rebels darted for cover -- only there was no cover to be found . 
 seconds later the grenade went off with a deafening explosion that out-boomed the thunder overhead . 
 scarlett turned her face away , flattening herself against the ground as a wave of heat blew over her . 
 it scorched her neck and arms and calves . 
 she turned back . 
 smoke was rising from where the fire had been . 
 burning sticks and tinder lay scattered everywhere in a twenty-foot radius . 
 several rebels were writhing in the mud , screaming , limbs missing , stumps spraying blood . 
 others were doubled over , clutching shrapnel wounds . 
 sal , who had either dropped to his chest moments before the blast went off , or had been blown down involuntarily , now pushed himself to his feet once more . 
 he fired off several rounds into the confusion . 
 one kid went down , blood arcing from his throat . 
 the rest who had n't been injured or killed -- which was still a good dozen or so -- took aim and let loose a phalanx of bullets . 
 sal stiffened and spasmed . 
 the pistol fell from his hand . 
 he collapsed to his side . 
 his face lolled toward scarlett , and she watched in abject misery as the last of his life drained from his eyes until they stared at her like marbles , glassy and dead . 
 `` no ... '' she said , the word trailing off into a sob . 
 rambo , who had apparently survived the chaos unscathed , stomped over to her . 
 he pinched her cheeks between his fingers painfully , pulling her face to within inches of his own . 
 his skin was rain-streaked and black as polished onyx , his lips curled back in menace , showing bone-white teeth . 
 `` i was going to give you a quick death , '' he hissed furiously , spittle flying from his mouth . 
 `` not anymore . 
 now you are going to watch me eat your friend . 
 then i am going to eat you ! 
 alive . '' 
 he released her face and snapped his fingers . 
 two rebels pulled sal 's body across the grass toward what remained of the fire . 
 `` stop it , '' scarlett said , her voice flat , mechanical . 
 a third rebel pulled a machete from his belt . 
 jesus mary , do n't do that ! 
 with the first two kids holding sal 's arms from his body at a ninety-degree angle , the third swung the machete down in a deadly arc . 
 the blade made a wet sound as it disappeared into sal 's shoulder . 
 scarlett lurched forward and vomited . 
 through stinging , tearful eyes she saw one of the kids toss the dismembered limb onto the fire . 
 `` please , '' she said . 
 `` please stop ... '' they cut off sal 's other arm . 
 scarlett fainted . 
 chapter 33 the storm was at its apex , fully unleashed . 
 fists of thunder and claws of lightning pounded and tore at the belly of the sky , ripping fresh wounds that bled more rain . 
 fitzgerald watched from his vantage point high atop the church bell tower as the mai-mai rebels hacked off salvador brazza 's arms and legs . 
 he shook his head . 
 no man deserved a death like that . 
 but he was more concerned about what the arrival of the rebels meant for his escape . 
 after brazza had left the church to chase jahja , fitzgerald had worked his way across the floor until his bound hands could reach carnwennan , which was lodged in the belt of mr. aq with the caved-in skull . 
 just as he 'd finished sawing through the restraints , a gunshot had gone off , and he 'd known that either brazza or jahja would be coming back at any moment . 
 jahja would kill him , and trusting brazza was about as foolhardy as trusting a hungry shark not to eat you . 
 so he had shoved open a door that led outside , to serve as a diversion , then limped stiff-legged to the stairwell behind the chancel , climbed several stairs until he was out of sight , and readied himself to spring on whoever came looking for him . 
 no one did . 
 brazza returned , swore up a storm when he believed fitzgerald had vamoosed , then made a call on the sat phone , arranging for transport to pick him up . 
 cox returned next and spun a story about a struggle in a mine . 
 after fussing around with the bodies of their fellow hostages for a while , they left the church to help another apparent hostage . 
 fitzgerald lumbered to the narthex and retrieved the akm from mr. aq # 2 . 
 he was in no condition to finish off brazza , let alone make an escape , so he slowly and painfully crawled to the top of the bell tower , where he could watch the cavalry arrive and hold off an attack if it came to that . 
 he had never planned on mai-mai rebels . 
 there was only one explanation for their unexpected arrival : they used the town as some sort of base , holing up in the church from time to time whenever they were in the neighborhood . 
 it seemed al qaeda was n't as smart as he 'd given them credit for . 
 down on the ground the rebels had finished quartering brazza , placing each limb on the fire to cook . 
 now they turned their attention to scarlett cox . 
 they spread her arms and legs wide , like da vinci 's vitruvian man . 
 they were going to butcher her as well . 
 fitzgerald closed his eyes . 
 she was none of his business . 
 he had to watch out for himself . 
 keep a low profile . 
 get out in the morning when his strength had improved . 
 but in his mind 's eye one scene played itself over and over again . 
 his wife , eryn , and daughter , biddy . 
 eryn and biddy chopped up into pieces , their mutilated trunks preserved in the subzero northern ireland winter weather , frozen in an ice rink of blood on the floor of the living room where he had opened presents with them on christmas day one month before . 
 steel railway spikes nailing their limbs unceremoniously to the wall above the sofa . 
 waterfalls of dried blood staining the wallpaper . 
 their heads sitting on the fireplace mantel like game trophies . 
 framed family photographs -- purposely untouched by the mobsters -- mocking and contrasting their smiling faces with their hideous death grimaces . 
 fitzgerald 's eyes flashed open . 
 he could feel them burning with hatred , burning red . 
 his jaw was clenched so tightly it hurt . 
 he wanted it to hurt . 
 his hands squeezed the grips of the akm hard enough to turn his knuckles white . 
 a deep , primitive growl escaped his throat . 
 hell if he was going to sit by and watch an innocent slaughtered when he could do something about it this time . 
 he shoved the barrel of the kalashnikov through the carved stone pillars of the balustrade , flipped the selector to semi , tugged back the reloading handle , and took aim through the open iron sight . 
 a rebel kneeling beside cox 's limp body raised a machete in the air . 
 fitzgerald squeezed the trigger . 
 the full-metal-jacketed bullet ripped a hole through the center of the man 's chest . 
 inside the heated bore of the rifle expanding gas set off a domino effect that ultimately drove the bolt carrier back , ejected the spent round , and chambered a new one from the magazine , all in a matter of milliseconds . 
 fitzgerald zeroed in on a second rebel staring dumbly at his dead mate and squeezed the trigger again . 
 the bastard dropped like a rag doll . 
 the rifle spat out another spent casing from the ejection port . 
 pop , pop , pop . 
 three more down and out . 
 the rebels finally figured out what was happening and returned fire . 
 bullets chewed into the stone around fitzgerald 's face . 
 he flattened himself against the floor . 
 the shit-for-brains continued firing , wasting ammunition . 
 five down so far . 
 he no longer had the leisure to take proper aim , so he flicked the selector up to full automatic , shoved the barrel between the pillars once more , and squeezed off a firestorm of bullets . 
 the rebels scattered like billiard balls , but they had few places to take shelter . 
 six , seven , eight . 
 four remaining -- fitzgerald saw the rebel with the rpg-7 too late . 
 there was a great boom . 
 a puff of gray-blue smoke . 
 the grenade screamed toward him . 
 chapter 34 when scarlett opened her eyes , she felt as though she were in the middle of a warzone . 
 rain gushed from the purple-black sky in driving sheets while gunfire rattled and burst all around her . 
 the stench of burnt gunpowder and death filled her nostrils and mouth . 
 she had no idea who was firing at whom until she saw the muzzle blasts from high atop the church bell tower . 
 from behind her came a startling boom . 
 a line of smoke streaked through the sky . 
 the upper part of the church tower exploded in a burst of stone confetti . 
 the tat-tat-tat of gunshots continued for a few more seconds before trickling to a stop . 
 scarlett looked numbly around . 
 bodies lay everywhere . 
 and sal ... oh god , sal . 
 she turned away . 
 rambo shouted at his three remaining soldiers , who took off toward the church , apparently to finish off whoever had been up there attacking them . 
 then he marched over to where she lay . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 she shook her head . 
 rambo fired his gun so close to her face she felt the displacement of air as the bullet whistled past and plowed into the earth . 
 her already ringing ears rang louder than ever . 
 he continued shouting at her , but she could n't hear anything . 
 he spat out a final curse , then turned his attention to the three man-boys who had reemerged from the church . 
 they were carrying the irishman by the arms and legs , just as they 'd carried thunder . 
 they tossed him in the mud . 
 so he never took off after all . 
 rambo slapped fitzgerald back and forth across the face until he came to . 
 for a split second his eyes met scarlett 's , and something passed between the two of them , though she had no idea what . 
 a peal of thunder crashed overhead , and she realized she could hear once more . 
 `` you killed my men ! '' 
 rambo was yelling . 
 `` a jolly good time , '' fitzgerald hissed in that gravelly voice of his . 
 rambo said something to the kid with the dicaprio t-shirt , who quickly scavenged the machete and handed it to rambo . 
 he pointed the blade at the irishman and grinned wickedly . 
 `` what should i take first ? '' 
 he snarled . 
 `` your balls or your heart ? 
 i like the taste of both . '' 
 chapter 35 the bell 206l longranger was flying low and fast over the treetops . 
 danny was seated beside the pilot in the cockpit . 
 both men were wearing night vision goggles , which made the sky and ground appear a bright pea green . 
 danny 's m249 saw was propped between his legs , the same belt-fed light machine gun every branch of the us armed forces used . 
 two members of his team were in the rear cabin . 
 he 'd been forced to leave four behind in dar es salaam because the helicopter only seated seven , and sal had told him there were three survivors in total , including himself and scarlett . 
 `` there , '' danny said through the microphone in the kevlar helmet . 
 `` a clearing . '' 
 `` i see it , '' the pilot confirmed . 
 `` what 's that ? 
 a fire ? '' 
 `` do a flyby . '' 
 the pilot banked left and flew over the fire . 
 `` jesus , are those bodies ? '' 
 danny frowned . 
 sal had told him he 'd taken out four terrorists , but it looked like at least a dozen bodies down there . 
 and he counted five , not three , people standing erect . 
 something was wrong . 
 `` land , '' he said . 
 `` quickly . '' 
 the pilot swung back around , braked , and flared as he prepared to touch down . 
 danny was still watching the ground when one of the grainy-green people started waving . 
 he or she apparently did n't think the pilot could see them . 
 then danny realized the person was n't waving but pointing . 
 he followed the direction of the signal and identified the very recognizable shape of a man with an rpg on his shoulder . 
 `` bank ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the pilot said . 
 danny lunged across the cockpit and yanked the cyclic to the right . 
 the helicopter rolled , but not fast enough . 
 an explosion rocked the tail rotor . 
 the pilot tried a desperate autorotation , but the helicopter continued to oscillate wildly , drifting sideways toward a building . 
 there was a loud beep-beep-beeping , like a truck backing up , as the stone wall rushed up to meet them . 
 danny guessed he had about three seconds to live . 
 chapter 36 when scarlett heard a throbbing noise , she looked up into the raging sky and saw a helicopter beat past fifty feet overhead . 
 the downwash of the rotors caused her torn dress and the knee-high grass to blow wildly . 
 danny ! 
 rambo tossed the machete aside and ran . 
 not fleeing , she realized . 
 he was going for the rocket launcher . 
 the helicopter came back and hovered . 
 she screamed and waved , pointing frantically at rambo . 
 it was no use . 
 rambo reloaded the rocket launcher and fired , scoring a direct hit . 
 the helicopter 's tail rotor burst into a ball of flames . 
 the entire thing spun out of control and careened inexorably toward the church . 
 the main rotor scraped stone , threw up a flare of sparks , and snapped free . 
 it whirled through the air and slammed into the ground like a giant shuriken , shooting a fan of mud into the air . 
 half the church wall collapsed inward while the crumpled helicopter fuselage crashed to the ground like a big , broken toy . 
 the rescue/extraction was doomed . 
 scarlett understood that in an epiphany of despair . 
 knowing she had no choice left but to make a run for it , she glanced around madly for thunder , unwilling to leave him behind . 
 she saw the irishman instead . 
 he stood tall , a bloody knife in his hand . 
 the two teenagers who had been holding him were lying at his feet , dead . 
 he must have taken them out while everybody had been focused on the helicopter above . 
 he looked at her , cocked his arm at the elbow , launched the knife . 
 she yelped . 
 the blade flashed past her head . 
 she spun to follow its trajectory and saw it splat into the chest of rambo . 
 he released the assault rifle he 'd picked up , scowled as if life was suddenly unfair , and collapsed to the ground . 
 scarlett turned back to the irishman and was about to say something -- maybe even thank him -- when , beyond him , the door to the ruined helicopter cockpit shoved open . 
 a dark shape stumbled out , dragging a large gun . 
 the words that had been on the tip of her tongue faltered , and she rushed toward the bedlam scene to help whoever had survived . 
 the man pulled off his helmet , and scarlett immediately recognized the dark good looks of danny zamir . 
 he heaved over in a fit of coughs . 
 `` is anyone else in there ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 the fuselage had n't exploded , but it was on fire , engulfed in billowing black smoke . 
 danny shook his head , and something inside her shriveled . 
 `` sal ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` no . '' 
 danny did n't react . 
 or at least she did n't think he did . 
 not until she noticed the cords of muscle standing out in his neck . 
 `` how ? '' 
 he asked very quietly . 
 she told him . 
 `` harah , '' he mumbled . 
 then he hefted the machine gun across his chest decisively . 
 `` who 's left ? '' 
 `` just me and thunder and -- '' `` hey ! 
 you ! '' 
 danny shouted . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 the irishman , who had been limping away toward the forest , stopped . 
 `` where there are some rebels , '' he said , `` there are likely more . 
 i for one am going to be gone when they arrive . '' 
 danny stiffened . 
 he 'd obviously had no idea the man was the assassin sent for sal until he 'd heard the accent . 
 `` let him be , '' scarlett said . 
 `` he saved my life . '' 
 danny ignored her . 
 `` i was told you were here , '' he said to the irishman , walking forward . 
 `` i thought you would have scurried off by now . '' 
 `` do i know you ? '' 
 fitzgerald asked . 
 `` no . 
 but i know who you are . '' 
 `` congratulations . 
 you 're in a rare club . '' 
 he started to turn . 
 danny raised the deadly looking gun . 
 `` you 're not going anywhere , koos . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` drop the knife , '' he said , referring to the machete the irishman had retrieved from rambo 's corpse . 
 `` what are you going to do ? 
 shoot me ? '' 
 `` drop it . '' 
 fitzgerald tossed the knife into the mud . 
 `` good , '' danny said , setting the machine gun down as well . 
 `` now it 's fair . '' 
 `` you want to fight me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 fitzgerald seemed amused . 
 `` but why ? '' 
 `` because , '' danny said , `` it 's what capo would have wanted . '' 
 chapter 37 fitzgerald did n't know who the man was , but if he wanted to fight , then fine , they would fight . 
 the man was well built and carried himself like a professional soldier . 
 the israeli accent meant idf , probably mossad . 
 brazza would n't have hired anything less . 
 fitzgerald was n't going to underestimate him . 
 `` redstone , is it ? '' 
 the man said . 
 `` you 've done your homework . '' 
 `` i 'm danny zamir . '' 
 `` should i be impressed ? '' 
 `` it 's only right you know the name of the person who 's going to kill you . '' 
 fitzgerald figured the boisterous talk on zamir 's part was to psyche himself up . 
 in a fight to the death , you needed to be in the frame of mind that you would be the one left standing , or else it was over before it started . 
 fitzgerald was in that frame of mind . 
 always was . 
 they had been circling each other like boxers , each waiting for an opening to attack . 
 now zamir lunged , swinging a low right fist . 
 fitzgerald stepped back , dodging the blow . 
 `` you 're right-handed , '' he said . 
 `` you figured me out . '' 
 `` that 's too bad . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 why 's that ? '' 
 `` left-handers have an edge in close combat . '' 
 zamir swung again . 
 fitzgerald parried and countered , knife-chopping the top of zamir 's forearm just below the elbow , striking the radial nerve and numbing the arm . 
 almost simultaneously he followed up with a left-handed thumb jab to zamir 's left shoulder , numbing the man 's other arm as well . 
 but zamir proved resilient , pivoting with a roundhouse kick to fitzgerald 's ribs . 
 fitzgerald threw up his arms and blocked the powerful attack at the last moment . 
 they broke apart . 
 `` not bad for an old man , '' zamir said , rolling his shoulders to get the feeling back in his arms . 
 `` not bad for a jew , '' fitzgerald shot back . 
 zamir rushed , obviously thinking he could wear his much older opponent down with a brute-force , concerted onslaught . 
 fitzgerald countered by spinning away to the left and landing a hammer fist to zamir 's temple . 
 he yanked the man 's head down while bringing his knee up . 
 teeth shattered . 
 zamir wobbled backward , dazed , blood gushing from his mouth . 
 fitzgerald finally took the counteroffensive . 
 he struck the side of zamir 's neck with another closed fist , knocking him backward . 
 but he was too confident . 
 as he moved in for the kill , zamir -- somehow still with it -- sprung a short hook punch to his solar plexus , blasting the breath from him . 
 they stumbled apart , both breathing heavily . 
 zamir faked left , lunged right , getting close enough to grapple , bringing an elbow up under fitzgerald 's jaw , stunning him . 
 he tried another elbow strike , this one to fitzgerald 's face , but fitzgerald moved with it , twisting around and ending up behind zamir . 
 he grabbed the man 's collar and tugged him back off balance while jabbing him in the left kidney . 
 he kicked the back of zamir 's knee , collapsing him to the ground . 
 before fitzgerald could swoop down , however , zamir executed a low sweep kick , striking fitzgerald 's injured shins . 
 he cried out and dropped . 
 zamir was on him immediately , raining fists into his face , over and over and over . 
 fitzgerald heard cartilage crunch , started to see black . 
 he tapped into a last reserve of strength , grabbed zamir 's hair , yanked down , and brought up his own forehead to land a glasgow kiss right between the man 's eyes . 
 zamir grunted and went limp . 
 fitzgerald rolled over so he was now on top . 
 he raised his left fist , intent on finally ending the fight -- someone slammed into his side , sending him sprawling into the mud . 
 chapter 38 while danny and the irishman went at it , scarlett sat on the sidelines , torn between who she wanted to win . 
 danny , of course , was on her side . 
 he would help them leave this godforsaken place . 
 but then again , the irishman had saved her life , and that was something she could not ignore . 
 thunder , finally lucid , or at least partly so , appeared beside her . 
 he was wide-eyed and confused . 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 he said , nodding at the fight . 
 `` the irishman and sal 's security chief . '' 
 `` the irishman ? 
 which one ? '' 
 `` the older man , in the black -- '' thunder charged recklessly forward . 
 scarlett saw he was gripping the machete the irishman had discarded . 
 `` thunder ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 `` no ! '' 
 fitzgerald had just rolled on top of danny and appeared ready to finish him off when thunder crashed into him in some sort of kamikaze rugby tackle , sending them both tumbling six feet through the mud before coming to a rest . 
 thunder straddled the irishman . 
 he raised the machete above his head . 
 `` no ! '' 
 scarlett shouted again . 
 this time thunder hesitated . 
 fitzgerald 's mangled legs shot upward , scissoring around thunder 's neck from behind , ankles locking under his chin . 
 he twisted his torso sideways , flipping thunder off him . 
 the machete flew from his hand , landing some distance away . 
 thunder 's face turned red . 
 he was struggling to breathe . 
 scarlett scrambled for the nearby rifle , pointed it in the air , and pulled the trigger . 
 it was on full automatic and spit half a dozen rounds into the sky , rattling her entire upper body so hard she thought she might drop the weapon . 
 she recovered and aimed the barrel at the irishman . 
 `` let him go ! '' 
 she ordered . 
 fitzgerald only stared at her . 
 thunder continued to flop and twist , trapped in the death pinch . 
 scarlett fired another , albeit more controlled , burst into the air . 
 after a dreadfully long wait , fitzgerald unlocked his legs and rolled away into a crouch . 
 one hand was pressed against the left side of his torso where thunder had crashed into him . 
 the rain had washed away the mud that had covered his face , and now she could see that his nose looked broken while ugly purple circles had begun to form around his eyes . 
 a white scar tattooed the length of his throat . 
 thunder , rubbing his own throat , got to his knees . 
 to the right of him danny stirred , shaking the cobwebs from his head . 
 rise and shine everyone , scarlett thought stupidly . 
 when danny noticed fitzgerald crouched a short distance away , he immediately spun to face the irishman , as if to continue the interrupted fight . 
 scarlett swung the rifle at him . 
 `` do n't move , danny , '' she said . 
 `` he 's an assassin , '' danny told her , never taking his eyes from the irishman . 
 `` he followed you here to kill sal . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` then why are you pointing that damned thing at me ? 
 let me kill the bastard . '' 
 `` he saved my life . '' 
 `` did n't you hear what i said ? '' 
 `` did n't you hear what i said ? '' 
 she swung the rifle back at the irishman again . 
 `` why did you do it ? '' 
 she said , blinking rain from her eyes . 
 `` why help me ? '' 
 he did n't say anything . 
 thunder got to his feet , wobbling a little before steadying himself . 
 he looked at danny , then at fitzgerald . 
 `` well , this is a bit of a pickle , is n't it ? '' 
 `` there 's a satellite phone in the church , thunder , '' scarlett said . 
 `` it 's on the altar . 
 can you get it ? 
 also , there 's some rope in one of the wings . 
 get that too . '' 
 thunder nodded and jogged off . 
 `` give me the rifle , scarlett , '' danny said , taking a step toward her . 
 she swung the barrel back at him . 
 he stopped . 
 `` you 'll shoot him , '' she said , glancing at the irishman , who remained in a crouch , watching everything that was happening with dark , calculating eyes . 
 `` what alternative is there ? '' 
 danny said . 
 `` we tie him up . 
 take him prisoner . '' 
 `` he 's too dangerous . 
 it 's not worth the risk . 
 give me the rifle . 
 you do n't have to watch . '' 
 `` no , '' she said , shaking her head . 
 `` nobody else is dying . 
 nobody . '' 
 lightning flashed , flooding the black sky with white light . 
 danny ran a hand through his soaked hair . 
 `` at least let me get my gun then . '' 
 `` you wo n't shoot him ? '' 
 `` if you do n't want me to , no . '' 
 scarlett knew she could n't play mediator forever , and so she reluctantly conceded . 
 danny retrieved his monster machine gun from the mud and looped the strap over his shoulder so the weapon hung in a shoot-from-the-hip position . 
 he swung the barrel at fitzgerald . 
 scarlett held her breath , waiting for him to squeeze the trigger . 
 he did n't . 
 thunder returned a minute later with the rope and secured the irishman 's hands behind his back . 
 scarlett finally lowered her rifle and relaxed , feeling as if the tiger had just been caged . 
 `` where 's the sat phone ? '' 
 she asked thunder . 
 `` could n't find it . 
 the wall that collapsed buried the altar . '' 
 `` can we dig it out ? '' 
 `` not a chance . 
 even if we could , i reckon it would be crushed to pieces . '' 
 `` then we walk out , '' danny said . 
 scarlett shook her head . 
 `` there 're terrorists on the boat . '' 
 `` they 're dead , '' fitzgerald said , not looking at anyone in particular . 
 `` i suppose you killed them ? '' 
 danny said . 
 `` you suppose correctly . 
 and i suggest we get moving . 
 as i mentioned earlier , where there are some rebels , there are likely more . 
 they might have heard the explosion . 
 they 'll be here soon . '' 
 the prospect chilled scarlett . 
 she 'd cheated death enough times today to know better than to press her luck . 
 danny picked up the machete and said , `` we head due south and try to keep in as straight a line as possible until we reach the river . '' 
 `` actually , '' fitzgerald said , `` we should go southeast . '' 
 `` he 's right . '' 
 scarlett withdrew the pendant-compass from her shirt . 
 `` and i think this will help . '' 
 danny nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 keep a reading . '' 
 he yanked the irishman to his feet , shoved him forward . 
 `` you . 
 start moving . 
 i 'll follow . 
 scarlett , you come next and ... ? '' 
 `` thunder , mate . '' 
 `` thunder , you take up the rear . '' 
 `` okay , '' scarlett said . 
 `` but first , thunder , can you take care of sal 's body ? 
 put -- '' she was about to say `` the rest of it '' but stopped herself . 
 `` put it on the fire . 
 cremate it . '' 
 she would have offered to help , but she did n't think she could stand to see what remained of her husband . 
 thunder went to do what she 'd asked . 
 when he returned a few minutes later , he nodded solemnly , to say the deed was done . 
 danny , his face wooden , shoved the irishman forward and started off toward the howling african wilderness . 
 scarlett followed , resisting the nearly overwhelming urge to look back at the fire , silent tears spilling down her dirty cheeks . 
 progress was slow and wet . 
 the dense canopy blocked out most of the rain from reaching the small party , but scarlett was still soaked and shivering . 
 she focused on putting one foot down in front of the other , trying not to think , although her thoughts were banging around inside her head , impossible to ignore . 
 the last time she 'd felt this lost , this scared and miserable , had been the day the woman from child services had come to her school to tell her that her mother was n't going to be picking her up that day -- or any day ever again -lrb- she would learn years later that her mother had been hanging by an electrical cord from the backyard swing set that afternoon -rrb- . 
 only then , all those years ago , scarlett had had a child 's resilience , a child 's amazing ability to forget and move on . 
 now ... well ... now she did n't think she 'd ever be able to forget what happened . 
 how could she ? 
 against her will images of sal 's mutilated body jumped to the forefront of her mind , cutting cruelly through the out-of-body unreality she 'd been floating through since his death . 
 i 'll never see you in one of your william fioravanti suits again , she thought , knowing she should n't be going down this road but unable to stop herself . 
 never tease you about looking like a gangster . 
 never see the excitement and pride in your eyes when you spoke about your hotels . 
 how insignificant the brief affair seemed now in light of everything else . 
 when they eventually left the rainforest for the secondary jungle , they did n't find the path they 'd come in on , and danny was forced to use the machete to carve a new route through the tropical vegetation . 
 just as scarlett was beginning to think they were hopelessly lost , they came upon the river in which she 'd almost been swept away . 
 `` thank god ! '' 
 she blurted . 
 `` this means we 're only twenty , maybe thirty minutes away from the main river . '' 
 `` good , '' danny said . 
 `` it gets dark fast at the equator . 
 we do n't have much light left . '' 
 fitzgerald , who had n't said a word since they 'd left the ruins , forded the stream first . 
 danny went next . 
 thunder took scarlett 's hand and they followed together , wading through the chest-deep water . 
 by the time they climbed out on the far bank , thunder was huffing for breath . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 she knew he was still suffering from whatever ailment had afflicted him . 
 `` do you need to rest ? '' 
 `` i 'm all right . '' 
 she glanced at the welt on his wrist . 
 `` i 've been bitten by a funnel-web back home , '' he explained . 
 `` never a widow before . '' 
 she was shocked . 
 a black widow ? 
 she 'd found a few in her garden back in la , and she 'd always killed them on sight . 
 their venom might rarely be fatal , but the symptoms from a bite could become severe if untreated . 
 `` walked right into its web yesterday while , pardon the slang , hanging a piss . '' 
 `` you 're sure that 's what it was ? 
 a black widow ? '' 
 `` nah . 
 brown widow . 
 venom 's twice as poisonous . '' 
 `` you said you did n't know what it was . '' 
 he shrugged , appearing both boyish and bashful . 
 `` guess i did n't want to worry anybody . '' 
 they almost bumped into the back of danny before they realized he 'd stopped . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` ask him . '' 
 danny nodded at the irishman . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 fitzgerald looked at her . 
 his face was pale and expressionless . 
 `` we 're being followed , '' he said simply . 
 scarlett 's blood turned to ice . 
 she glanced fearfully about . 
 she could n't see anything except gloomy shades of greens and grays . 
 `` more rebels ? '' 
 thunder asked . 
 fitzgerald shook his head . 
 `` a leopard -- and a big one , at that . 
 i saw its tracks coming in . '' 
 `` did you see it ? '' 
 scarlett asked danny . 
 `` no . 
 i was watching him '' -- he tipped his head at the irishman -- `` not the forest . '' 
 `` i reckon it 's just curious , '' thunder said . 
 `` leopards are opportunistic hunters , '' fitzgerald said . 
 `` they 'll eat anything . 
 moths or crocs , it does n't matter . 
 if it thinks it can take us down , it 'll try . '' 
 `` we 're not far from the river now , '' scarlett said . 
 `` let 's just keep moving . '' 
 they agreed and pressed on . 
 scarlett found herself wishing she had n't left the ak-47 behind . 
 but it had seemed rather redundant considering danny 's machine gun looked like it could take down an elephant . 
 thunder , too , had brought no weapon , saying he 'd felt too weak to carry one . 
 danny stopped again . 
 he pressed a finger to his lips and pointed silently . 
 at first she did n't see anything , then she made out a black shape slightly darker than the background of shadowy foliage . 
 it gradually resolved itself into the shoulder and long abdomen of a large animal . 
 moments later it shifted and was gone . 
 `` that was n't a leopard , '' scarlett said softly . 
 `` it was completely black . '' 
 `` it 's called a melanistic leopard , lass , '' fitzgerald told her . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` melanism is a genetic mutation , the opposite of albinism , a selective advantage for survival in dark rainforests . 
 it 's also known as a black panther . '' 
 `` great , '' she said cynically . 
 `` but why is it following us ? '' 
 `` is n't it obvious ? '' 
 he said without mirth . 
 `` it 's hungry . '' 
 a branch snapped ahead of them . 
 danny shoved fitzgerald to his knees so he could n't make a break for it , then swung the machine gun toward the noise . 
 `` will that stop it ? '' 
 scarlett asked . 
 `` it 'll pulverize it , '' danny said . 
 `` but i think all it needs is a little warning shot . 
 cover your ears , if you want . '' 
 he pulled the trigger . 
 nothing happened . 
 frowning , he checked a plastic box attached to the underside of the weapon , which contained a linked belt of green-tipped brass cartridges . 
 he swore . 
 `` feed tray 's mangled . 
 must have happened during the crash . '' 
 fitzgerald laughed . 
 scarlett 's jaw dropped . 
 `` it does n't work ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` can you fix it ? '' 
 he never had time to answer . 
 the leopard finally abandoned stealth and burst from the bush . 
 it was a low dark blur , nothing but yellow eyes and white teeth and pink tongue . 
 scarlett grabbed danny 's arm to the left and thunder 's to the right . 
 the irishman remained on his knees in front of them . 
 `` do n't run ! '' 
 she shouted , thinking wildly of what cooper had told her back in the serengeti . 
 `` whatever you do , do n't run ! '' 
 the leopard did n't slow . 
 she felt both danny and thunder stiffen beneath her grip . 
 `` trust me ! 
 do n't -- '' danny broke away and ran . 
 the leopard swerved from its course and plunged into the forest behind him . 
 chapter 39 danny knew he should n't have run . 
 nevertheless , some wild , primal urge had overwhelmed him , and his legs were moving before he could think better of it . 
 now he heard a crashing sound behind him : the leopard , following its hunting instincts to pursue the fleeing prey . 
 he had only gone about ten or fifteen meters when he felt two paws on his back , dragging him to the ground . 
 he managed another few steps , but the leopard was too heavy , and his legs collapsed beneath him . 
 he dropped the machete . 
 a fiery heat spread through his left leg . 
 he flipped onto his back and saw that the leopard had seized his calf between its jaws . 
 its sharp claws mauled his upper legs . 
 he shook and twisted , but the cat was too strong . 
 his struggling did nothing to free himself . 
 crying out in pain as the claws continued to shred his flesh , he brought his free leg back so his knee was almost touching his chest , then he kicked forward , landing the rubber heel of his boot square to the leopard 's sensitive snout . 
 the leopard made a furious hiss and released his leg . 
 the victory , however , was short-lived . 
 even as he shoved himself backward and away , the cat lunged for his throat . 
 he threw up his right arm in time , and instead of tearing out his larynx , the leopard now had his forearm in its vice-like jaws . 
 it shook its head back and forth with such power danny feared it was tearing his arm right out of his shoulder socket . 
 desperate , he smashed the cat across the side of the head with his free hand . 
 the leopard did n't let go . 
 he smashed it again and again . 
 it still did n't let go . 
 finally , with his strength failing , danny formed a claw with his index and middle fingers and dug it into one of the leopard 's eyes . 
 the beast went ballistic , making a noise like ice cubes being crushed in a blender . 
 it released his forearm . 
 instead of scrambling backward again , he rolled onto his knees , shoved himself to his feet , and started limping away . 
 his injured leg could barely support his weight , and he knew he would n't get far . 
 his only hope was that the leopard had had enough -- claws sank into his back , pulling him down once more . 
 stiletto-like fangs punctured the flesh surrounding his eyes . 
 to his horror , he realized the leopard had his head in its mouth . 
 he heard a low , hot growling next to his ear . 
 a dreaminess washed over him , replacing the agonizing pain and terror and filling him with a sense of tranquility -- and distantly danny realized there was one positive to being eaten alive . 
 you did n't feel a thing . 
 chapter 40 fitzgerald knew he was dying . 
 for the past hour or so he 'd been pressing ahead through the difficult terrain on sheer willpower alone . 
 the fight with the israeli had taken away most of whatever strength remained after his interrogation in the chair . 
 his legs continued to bleed profusely and were now surely infected . 
 on top of that , the australian 's tackle had broken at least two of his ribs , one of which had surely pierced a lung , for his breathing had become wheezy and bubbly and he continued to hawk up blood . 
 it seemed he now had two options . 
 remain where he was on the ground , close his eyes , and give up the good fight , drifting away quietly and peacefully . 
 or go out fighting . 
 he lumbered to his feet and started off in the direction the israeli and leopard had gone . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 scarlett cox yelled from behind him . 
 he ignored her and continued on , his eyes scanning the jungle floor to see whether the israeli had dropped the machete in his panicked flight . 
 with each step , more and more adrenaline flowed into his body , sweeping away his exhaustion and filling him with a much-needed reserve of strength . 
 he became acutely aware of every detail in the surrounding forest , every blade of grass brushing past his legs , every scent . 
 he breathed in the peaty , mossy air , knowing it would be the last time he would experience the smell . 
 that thought gave him a pang of regret . 
 he had enjoyed his life immensely , and he did n't want to die . 
 nevertheless , some things you simply had no control over . 
 he understood that . 
 and because he understood that , he accepted it . 
 through the dense tangle of branches and bracken he made out the black hide of the leopard . 
 it was hunched over the prostrate form of danny zamir -- at least what remained of danny zamir . 
 the man 's legs were bent at ugly angles . 
 his stomach was torn open . 
 the leopard had its snout in the soup of intestines . 
 it tugged its head upward , pulling out a mouthful of stringy pink guts . 
 six meters away the machete glinted silver on the dark scrub-covered forest floor . 
 it was equal distance between fitzgerald and the leopard . 
 out on the african savannah , you could never sneak up on a leopard that had just made a recent kill . 
 they remained extremely vigilant , knowing lions and hyenas would be close by , looking to steal the hard-earned meal . 
 but here , in the jungle , the leopard was king . 
 there was no other carnivore large enough to threaten it . 
 fitzgerald crept forward , slowly and softly , making sure there were no sticks or twigs underfoot that might crack before stepping down with his full weight . 
 the leopard remained unaware as it feasted on the israeli . 
 a dozen or so steps later he reached the machete . 
 he squatted until his bound hands gripped the weapon . 
 he rose again , sawing the rope that secured his wrists . 
 the final twines parted with an audible snap . 
 the leopard glanced back over its shoulder and blinked at him with a very human-like twitch of surprise . 
 for three long seconds it stared silently , snout and whiskers coated with blood . 
 then it curled back its lips and snarled , showing a flash of tongue and yellow fangs . 
 fitzgerald planted his feet firmly in a fighting stance and turned his strongest side , his left side , forward , keeping his chest and hips at a ninety-degree angle to the leopard . 
 he pressed his right elbow and arm against his side , to protect his ribcage , while bringing his left arm in front of his body , shielding his chest and abdomen . 
 the blade of the machete hovered inches from his chin . 
 he had never felt as alive as he did right then , facing down the formidable predator with nothing but an edged weapon . 
 the knowledge of his inevitable death no longer caused him regret ; it flooded him with an ecstasy that bordered on enlightenment . 
 every nerve ending buzzed with macabre excitement . 
 `` come on , kitty , '' he snarled . 
 `` come and get me . '' 
 the black leopard charged , coming fast and hard at him on its short legs . 
 he held his ground . 
 the leopard leapt . 
 at the very last second fitzgerald ducked and spun , bringing the machete around in a semicircle . 
 he swiped air . 
 the leopard had been too quick , sailing past him , unharmed . 
 he whirled to face the cat , which had landed on its feet . 
 it was now padding back and forth , never taking its yellow eyes off him . 
 a grin split fitzgerald 's face . 
 `` not your average monkey , am i ? '' 
 he said , his voice barely more than a dangerous rasp . 
 monkeys -- baboons especially -- were the leopards ' main prey , and leopards knew exactly how to take down a primate . 
 they lunged for the head or throat and , if finding purchase with their fangs , kicked down with their hind legs , tearing open the belly . 
 knowing this , fitzgerald had anticipated the first attack and had been able to dodge it easily enough . 
 but now the leopard knew he was aware of its mo , and it likely would n't try the same approach twice . 
 it did n't . 
 this time it came at him low , going for the legs . 
 there was nothing he could do to block or avoid the attack . 
 if he rolled left or right , the leopard would correct its course and pounce . 
 it was much more agile than he was . 
 so he did the unexpected : he charged . 
 the leopard , surprised , sprang off its feet , intent on coming down on top of its prey , the way a housecat does when toying with a mouse . 
 fitzgerald shoved the machete as far as it would go into the leopard 's exposed underside , somewhere near the heart , just as the cat knocked him over with its nearly two-hundred-pound frame . 
 the leopard began swatting his head with its paws . 
 everything went black . 
 fitzgerald was n't sure if he passed out for seconds or minutes , but when his vision cleared , the leopard was collapsed on top of him , unmoving . 
 the pungent , gamey smell of the beast filled his nostrils . 
 he tried to shove the animal off him , but it was a halfhearted effort . 
 he knew he was n't going anywhere . 
 his eyes fluttered , then closed . 
 it was time . 
 fitzgerald 's life did not pass before his eyes . 
 history did . 
 the history of warfare . 
 what he 'd dedicated the good part of the last decade to understanding . 
 wars and more wars and more wars , death and blood and suffering , the human condition . 
 something by plato drifted through his dying thoughts : only the dead have seen the end of war . 
 darkness did not rise to greet him , only white light -- white light that grew brighter and brighter , and in that brightness he saw the faces of eryn and biddy . 
 damien fitzgerald greeted death with a smile . 
 chapter 41 after the irishman took off into the jungle , scarlett and thunder had remained where they were , listening to the sounds of the subsequent fight . 
 they had n't heard the irishman make any noise . 
 not a single scream or cry or curse . 
 in contrast , the leopard had hissed and growled and roared until the forest went suddenly quiet . 
 either the irishman had killed the leopard , or the leopard had killed the irishman . 
 either way , it was high time to get the hell out of there . 
 thunder seemed to read scarlett 's mind . 
 without a word , he took her hand in his and plowed south through the thicket . 
 light was fading fast , turning everything muted shades of gray . 
 a seemingly endless prison of trees flashed past them . 
 branches slapped their heads and shoulders and arms . 
 scarlett did n't think she could keep going , but she did , somehow she kept running , until finally the trees thinned and the river appeared , winding and black and glorious . 
 she stumbled the last few yards to the bank and collapsed to her knees in a patch of soft grass . 
 her throat stung from exertion and her legs felt like they were made from overcooked spaghetti . 
 she was so weak and nauseous she thought she might pass out . 
 thunder knelt beside her . 
 `` hate to be a downer , '' he said , panting hard , `` but we 're not out of this yet . 
 we still have to find the riverboat . 
 and the sooner , the better . '' 
 she knew he was right . 
 there would be time to rest later . 
 she nodded . 
 `` this is the plan , '' he went on . 
 `` we head upriver along the bank for an hour or so . 
 try to cover a couple of kilometers . 
 if we do n't find the boat , then we work out somewhere to sleep and backtrack the way we came in the morning . 
 when we see that '' -- he pointed to a sixty-foot , single-stemmed marula with a spreading crown -- `` we know we 're back where we started . 
 we continue for another couple kilometers downriver . 
 in total that gives us almost four ks along the bank . '' 
 `` and if we still do n't find the boat ? '' 
 `` we work out a new plan . '' 
 he held out his hand for her . 
 she took it , pulling herself to her feet . 
 her legs were still mush , but she could stand on her own . 
 the sun had dipped below the horizon , and it was now near dark . 
 if they had still been in the jungle , they would n't have been able to see a thing . 
 but since there was no canopy of branches spanning the river , the sky was visible , the moon and stars bright enough for them to navigate the river 's vegetation . 
 they 'd only been walking for a few minutes when thunder stopped abruptly . 
 she glanced up from the marshy ground , and what she saw turned her insides to gold . 
 because there it was , cast in the ethereal light of the moon and just visible through the overhanging branches of a mangrove tree . 
 the riverboat . 
 scarlett turned to thunder for confirmation she was n't imagining it . 
 he grinned broadly at her . 
 she threw her arms around him and mumbled something , nonsense , into his shoulder . 
 thunder stepped apart . 
 `` i 'm going to check it out . 
 make sure it 's clear . 
 i 'll be back in a flash . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` clear ? '' 
 `` i know the irish bloke said he took out the other two terrorists , but he 's not exactly the most reliable source , is he ? '' 
 scarlett felt a fresh jab of fear . 
 `` i 'm coming with you , '' she said immediately , and before he could reply , she added : `` think about it , thunder . 
 if anybody 's there , and they kill you , then i 'm dead anyway . 
 what am i going to do out here by myself ? '' 
 he thought that over , then nodded reluctantly . 
 `` stay close , '' he told her . 
 `` and keep your eyes peeled . '' 
 they started forward side by side and came to the same muddy bank they 'd climbed only the morning before . 
 they slid down it , waded through the murky , smelly water , and pulled themselves up onto the stern deck . 
 thunder pointed to the main cabin . 
 scarlett nodded . 
 they went to the window , looked inside . 
 empty . 
 thunder pointed to the top deck . 
 another nod . 
 they climbed the spiral staircase and poked their heads through the well-hole . 
 the deck and pilothouse were deserted . 
 thunder held up his hand , palm forward , indicating he wanted her to wait where she was . 
 he hurried over to the aft cabin and peered inside . 
 he turned back to her and made the thumbs-up sign . 
 `` home free , '' he said , grinning . 
 scarlett snapped open her eyes . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 she was lying in the hammock in the aft cabin . 
 thunder was on the floor next to her , using an old blanket he 'd found as a pillow . 
 earlier , they 'd known they could n't navigate the river in the dark -- it would be disastrous if they got beached on a sandbar or hit rocks -- so they 'd decided instead to get some rest and start out at first light . 
 thunder , who must have been sleeping just as lightly as she , said , `` hear what ? '' 
 his voice was quiet but alert . 
 `` a splash . '' 
 they listened in silence . 
 the only noise was the patter of rain and the continuous drone of insects . 
 `` maybe it was a frog ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` it sounded bigger . '' 
 `` a croc ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` what else could it be ? '' 
 `` we do n't know for certain that danny was killed . 
 or the irishman , for that matter . '' 
 thunder shook his head . 
 `` they 're dead . '' 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 `` you heard danny . '' 
 `` fine , yes , '' she agreed . 
 `` but what about the irishman ? 
 we did n't hear him make a sound . 
 maybe he got away ? '' 
 `` you saw him while we were walking through the jungle . 
 he was on his last legs . 
 i do n't know how he even made it as far as he did . 
 that 's why he went off after the leopard , i reckon . 
 he knew he was a goner . 
 he wanted to die on his terms -- '' scarlett heard another splash . 
 `` there ! '' 
 she said , still whispering . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 this time thunder nodded . 
 he got silently to his feet and looked around the cabin . 
 he picked up the sack of fruit from which they 'd eaten earlier . 
 `` what are you doing with that ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i need a weapon . '' 
 `` fruit ? '' 
 `` see anything else ? '' 
 the door was open a crack . 
 he pushed it open farther . 
 a gust of cool , swampy air swept inside . 
 thunder went out first , scarlett on his heels . 
 the rain had picked up again sometime during the night , and it drenched them within seconds . 
 they went to the portside railing , which faced the north bank of the river , and scanned the water below . 
 it was midnight black and pockmarked by the falling raindrops , but otherwise undisturbed . 
 `` i do n't see anything , '' thunder said . 
 scarlett went to the starboard railing and peered over . 
 nothing . 
 she returned to thunder . 
 `` maybe it was just a frog or crocodile after all . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 guess i overreacted . 
 it 's just that after everything -- '' `` no worries . 
 i understand . 
 let 's just get back inside . 
 we stay out here any longer , we 're going to catch pneumonia . '' 
 scarlett nodded . 
 at the cabin door , however , she glanced back over her shoulder one last time -- and her heart seemed to stop in her chest . 
 sticking up through the well-hole in the deck was the silhouetted shape of a head . 
 in a silent flash of lightning she saw the face clearly . 
 scarred , disfigured , horrible , it was the face of a monster . 
 it was jahja . 
 chapter 42 `` do n't move , '' jahja said , coming up the rest of the stairs . 
 he held an ak-47 in his hands , pointed at them . 
 `` you 're dead , '' scarlett said , not believing what she was seeing . 
 another flash of lightning went off , and she saw that he did indeed look as if he were dead . 
 his face was deathly white , his lips and chest and stomach covered with blood . 
 how could he be here ? 
 how ? 
 it 's impossible ! 
 her fear and confusion quickly gave way to anger . 
 they should have checked to be sure he was dead , should have put a final bullet in him , like a stake through the heart of a vampire . 
 `` sal , '' she went on . 
 `` sal said he shot you . 
 i saw you lying there . '' 
 jahja 's deformed lips curled into a weak smile . 
 `` i guess you underestimate my will to live , miss cox . 
 as i told you before , i have a beautiful wife and daughter i am very much looking forward to seeing again . 
 perhaps love is stronger than death ? 
 hmmm ? '' 
 he coughed , spitting up blood . 
 he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand . 
 `` or does a radical or extremist or whatever you choose to label me not feel love ? 
 i believe that is what you americans would like to believe . 
 what was it your greatest of writers said ? 
 ` if you prick us , do we not bleed ? 
 if you tickle us , do we not laugh ? '' ' 
 he paused meaningfully . 
 `` ` and if you wrong us , shall we not revenge ? '' ' 
 `` and if we shoot you , '' thunder said , `` you 're supposed to bloody well die . '' 
 jahja leveled the gun at him . 
 `` cute , mr. young . 
 however , the time for talk is over . 
 set the sack in your hand down and open the door to the cabin . 
 wide . '' 
 thunder looked at scarlett . 
 she did n't know what to tell him . 
 `` she can not help you , mr. young , '' jahja said . 
 `` do as i say . 
 i do not have much patience right now . '' 
 thunder dropped the fruit and pulled the door open . 
 `` very good . 
 now untie that rope supporting the hammock . 
 do n't get any ideas . 
 if i see you make any move for a weapon , i will shoot you both . '' 
 thunder entered the cabin and untied the knot attached to the canvas hammock . 
 the end closest to him dropped to the floor . 
 he undid the anchor point secured to the rafters , then came back outside , carrying the six-foot-long piece of braided rope . 
 `` thank you , '' jahja said . 
 `` now throw it to me . '' 
 thunder did what was asked of him . 
 jahja caught the rope with his free hand . 
 he lowered the rifle , took a knife from his belt , and began to cut the rope into thirds . 
 scarlett saw the window of opportunity and thought about rushing him . 
 but she was one hundred twenty pounds , maybe one twenty-three with her clothes on and wet as they were , and she could n't see herself doing much damage . 
 not to mention he was still a good fifteen feet away -- more than enough time for him to raise the rifle and blow her guts out across the deck . 
 he finished up and lobbed one section to her . 
 `` now would you be so kind as to tie mr. young 's wrists behind his back ? '' 
 jahja told her . 
 `` tightly . 
 i will be checking your handiwork . '' 
 scarlett 's mind raced for another option , but there were n't many when you had a gun trained on you . 
 she reluctantly tied thunder 's wrists behind his back . 
 jahja came over , gave the knot she 'd made a solid tug , and smiled . 
 `` very good , miss cox . 
 now turn around yourself . '' 
 she did as she was told and felt the rope loop around her wrists three times before biting painfully into her skin . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` everybody is dead . 
 it 's over . '' 
 `` it 's far from over , miss cox . 
 do you think al qaeda 's plans or resolve have changed just because we have lost a few men ? 
 we have thousands more lining up to die as true mujahedin on allah 's path . '' 
 `` what are you going to do with us ? '' 
 `` i think you know the answer to that ... '' he trailed off , breaking into his worst fit of coughing yet . 
 he wiped his bloody lips with the back of his hand , wiped his hand on his tunic . 
 he marched them down the stairs to the main deck , where he opened the door to the cabin and ordered them inside . 
 `` listen , mate , '' thunder said . 
 `` take the boat , but let us go . 
 that helicopter that crashed into the church was our ride . 
 when it does n't report back tonight , more reinforcements are going to be sent out . 
 they 'll be here tomorrow . 
 they 'll find us . '' 
 jahja shook his head . 
 `` you underestimate the size of the congo , mr. young . 
 there are literally hundreds of tributaries off this river alone . 
 if we go farther downriver , we 'll reach the lualaba , the greatest headstream of the congo river , which itself is the second longest river in africa , after the nile . '' 
 he smiled humorlessly . 
 `` so you see , there are plenty of places to go . 
 no one is going to find us . 
 i can assure you of that . '' 
 he closed the door and locked it . 
 `` bloody hell , '' thunder said . 
 `` we 're right back where we started . '' 
 scarlett went to the stern window . 
 she did n't see jahja , which meant he 'd gone back to the top deck . 
 `` i 'm not going through this again . 
 no way . 
 not in a thousand years . 
 i ca n't . 
 i simply ca n't . 
 we have to escape . 
 right now . '' 
 `` i 'm with you there , one hundred percent , but how ? '' 
 she wriggled her wrists . 
 no give whatsoever . 
 she shook her head , frustrated . 
 thunder said , `` we can always break the window , jump ship , and hope to swim away . '' 
 `` and be sitting ducks . 
 he would pick us off in the water . '' 
 her brow creased in thought . 
 `` unless ... '' `` unless what ? '' 
 she sketched out a plan for him . 
 when she finished , he was frowning . 
 `` it 's dangerous , '' he said . 
 `` what has n't been dangerous so far ? '' 
 `` it could go wrong . '' 
 `` it could work . '' 
 thunder studied her for a long moment , his blue eyes bright and intense . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` let 's do it . '' 
 they went to the window . 
 `` on the count of three , '' thunder said . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` one , '' he said . 
 `` two , '' scarlett said . 
 `` three , '' they said together . 
 they kicked the large square pane of glass in unison . 
 their feet smashed through it , leaving twin basketball-sized jagged holes . 
 they watched as physics took over and the weight of the glass collapsed down upon itself , spilling out of the wooden frame , splintering on the teak deck into thousands of slivers . 
 `` go ! '' 
 thunder said . 
 he gave scarlett a half nudge , half lift with his shoulder , helping her up and over the low window ledge . 
 then she was running to the portside railing , straddling it , leaping to the river below . 
 she hit the water with a splash and was immediately enveloped in darkness . 
 for a moment she had no idea which way was which . 
 panic swelled inside her . 
 she swung her head from side to side , her hair trailing in front of her eyes . 
 a foot brushed the bottom , and she knew up from down . 
 she looked up and saw what she thought was the dark hull of the riverboat . 
 she kicked toward it . 
 the riverboat had a shallow draft , only a couple feet deep , which made it easy for her to swim beneath . 
 the width , however , was much wider than she would have thought possible . 
 she barely made it to the keel before her lungs were aching and her head pounding from oxygen deprivation . 
 she kept kicking until the darkness finally lightened and she knew she had cleared the hull . 
 she fought the natural instinct to crash through the surface . 
 that would likely earn her a bullet in the head . 
 instead she poked her head above the water as quietly as possible , sucking back a huge gulp of air , which for her overworked lungs was like sucking back gasoline fumes . 
 she made a sound like a rusty door opening , but she did n't think it was loud enough for jahja to hear . 
 her eyes watered and she thought she was going to sputter and cough . 
 nevertheless , she bit back the gagging impulse and got her breathing under control . 
 she started swimming away from the riverboat . 
 thunder remained by the window until he heard scarlett jump over the portside railing , then he flattened himself into the crook next to the door . 
 seconds later jahja stomped down the staircase , pausing when he reached the stern deck . 
 thunder imagined he was studying the broken glass . 
 then the lock clicked , the door swung inward . 
 if jahja had shoved it open all the way , it would have bounced against thunder 's chest , giving away his presence . 
 luckily , he only opened it enough to stick his head inside and give the room a quick perusal before hurrying over to the portside railing . 
 thunder left the hiding spot and peered out the door . 
 jahja was bent over the railing , looking down at the river , the ak in one hand , a kerosene lantern held high in the other . 
 the clear yellow flame was constant and bright , bathing him in a circle of light . 
 thunder started across the deck , taking large steps to gain momentum , while trying to remain silent at the same time . 
 glass crunched underfoot . 
 jahja turned , his eyes widening in surprise . 
 roaring , thunder lowered his shoulder and barreled into the bastard , sending them both sprawling to the deck . 
 the lantern smashed the floorboards a few meters away , the glass globe exploding on impact . 
 kerosene spilled and caught fire . 
 two-foot-tall flames whooshed into existence . 
 jahja , however , managed to hold onto the ak . 
 before he could swing it around , thunder kicked him in the neck . 
 this time jahja released the rifle . 
 it clattered across the deck , slipped beneath the iron railing , and splashed into the water below . 
 shouting something in arabic , jahja leapt at thunder . 
 thunder planted his feet firmly in jahja 's chest , catching him in midair , and using the terrorist 's own momentum to toss him over his head . 
 he landed with a thump and an unearthly howl . 
 thunder twisted around and saw jahja flopping from side to side in the pool of flames , which were now nearly a meter high and spreading quickly . 
 jahja sprang to his feet , a human torch . 
 screaming , he ran blindly around in circles until he collided with the starboard railing , cart-wheeled over , and plunged into the river seconds later . 
 the night smelled like burnt flesh and hair and clothes . 
 `` thunder ! '' 
 it was scarlett , faint , somewhere far away . 
 `` get off the boat ! 
 it 's going to blow ! '' 
 thunder looked left , to the fire . 
 the flames were licking the twin diesel engines . 
 he scrambled to the railing , scissor-hopped over it , and was just about to jump when there was a deafening explosion . 
 the pressure wave from the hot , expanding gas caught him from behind and launched him like a rag doll through the night . 
 `` thunder ! '' 
 scarlett cried , swimming back toward the riverboat , kicking with her feet . 
 she stopped a few yards away from the now burning wreckage and treaded water , her eyes darting from each piece of fiery floating debris . 
 she did n't see him anywhere . 
 a hand grabbed her shoulder from behind . 
 `` thunder ? '' 
 even as scarlett turned , she knew the hand could n't belong to thunder because his were bound behind his back , as were hers . 
 instead she found herself staring in horror at jahja -- or at what had once been jahja -- because what stared back at her was no man but something from a nightmarish world , a halloween mask come to life . 
 every inch of his face was bright red and purple and mushy , except for his nose and lips , which were black and charred . 
 the skin along his left brow had clumped and now drooped in front of his eye , almost completely covering it , while that around his right eye had melted away , leaving the eyeball unnaturally wide and round . 
 his mouth was open in a soundless scream . 
 scarlett tried desperately to shake the hand off her shoulder , but it held her firm . 
 his other hand grabbed her around the throat and squeezed . 
 she brought her legs up to try to kick away from him . 
 but to do that , she had to stop treading water , and her head immediately sank beneath the surface . 
 in her panic she swallowed mouthfuls of water . 
 she coughed , swallowing more water . 
 she was going to drown . 
 then she remembered what the irishman had done to thunder . 
 she stopped kicking and shot her legs straight up , out of the water , locking them around jahja 's neck . 
 she corkscrewed her body , the maneuver working like a teeter-totter , dunking jahja beneath the water while buoying her up . 
 her head broke through the surface again . 
 jahja 's hands clawed at her legs . 
 she squeezed her thighs and ankles tighter . 
 the clawing became less persistent . 
 five long seconds later it stopped altogether . 
 she held firm for another five seconds , just to be sure . 
 finally she released jahja 's neck and , with the last of her strength , kicked to shore . 
 when she felt mud beneath her knees , she stopped kicking and began waddling . 
 she got halfway up the bank before she could go no farther . 
 she collapsed beneath the great black african sky . 
 chapter 43 it was midmorning when scarlett noticed thunder stir . 
 `` wakey , wakey , '' she said . 
 his eyes fluttered open and he squinted against the bright , golden sunlight . 
 `` lettie ? '' 
 he blinked several times . 
 `` what ... ? 
 where ... ? '' 
 `` take it easy , '' she said . 
 `` you had a rough night . '' 
 he sat up , groaning . 
 he rubbed his head , stopped , and looked in amazement at his hands . 
 `` i sawed through my rope on a rock during the night , '' she explained . 
 `` then i untied yours . '' 
 he arched an eyebrow at the small fire in the crudely erected fire pit a few feet away . 
 `` you 've been busy , '' he said . 
 `` i borrowed a few flames from the burning boat . '' 
 he looked toward the river . 
 `` christ ! '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 the scattered flotsam from the explosion the night before had burned out quickly , but the actual riverboat , or what remained of it , had continued to burn throughout the early hours of the morning . 
 just as the sun was rising , it began to sink until only the tapered bow remained visible , protruding at an angle five feet from the water . 
 `` i remember a flash of light , heat ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` that 's it . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` first things first , '' she told him . 
 `` jahja 's dead . '' 
 `` i saw him catch fire . 
 he jumped into the water . 
 maybe -- '' `` he 's dead . '' 
 scarlett explained everything that had happened . 
 `` i managed to get to shore okay , '' she finished . 
 `` after i caught my breath , i went back in the water to look for you . 
 but i did n't find you -- at least , not until i was back on shore again , looking for a rock to free my hands . '' 
 `` where was i ? '' 
 `` right here . '' 
 thunder looked at the riverboat , twenty yards away , then back at her . 
 `` are you having a go ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` blimey . '' 
 `` do you think you can stand ? 
 i want to show you something . '' 
 he tried pushing himself off the ground , but collapsed back to his rear . 
 she helped him the second time , then led him along the bank . 
 with each step he grew more surefooted until he was walking on his own . 
 a little farther on she stopped and pointed . 
 instead of looking where he was looking , following her finger , she watched his face . 
 his eyes widened and he broke into a grin that lit up his entire face . 
 then she , too , turned toward the small skiff tied up against a tree stump . 
 she smiled the first real smile in days . 
 `` there 's even an extra tank of fuel between the seats , '' she said . 
 `` the irishman 's ? '' 
 `` has to be . '' 
 thunder did n't say anything more , and scarlett realized he was choked up with emotion . 
 she took his hand and they continued the rest of the way to the boat . 
 they untied the painter line and pushed away from shore . 
 she tugged the starter cord . 
 the 25hp johnson motor fired up on the first go . 
 it was one of the most beautiful sounds she had ever heard . 
 she opened the throttle and pointed the skiff upriver . 
 they were going home . 
 note from the author thank you for taking the time to read the taste of fear . 
 if you enjoyed the story , it would be wonderful if you could leave a review on amazon . 
 reviews might not matter much to the big-name authors , but they can really help the small guys to grow their readership . 
 also , check out www.jeremybatesbooks.com for info on my next novel , the catacombs , which will be released in march , 2015 . 
 here 's the blurb : paris , france , is known as the city of lights , a metropolis renowned for romance and beauty . 
 but beneath the bustling streets and cafés lies a dark secret , a labyrinth of ancient tunnels and mass graves known as the catacombs . 
 dangerous and to a large extent unmapped , they have been sealed off to the public for decades . 
 when a video camera containing mysterious footage is discovered deep within their depths , a group of friends venture into the tunnels to investigate . 
 what starts out as a lighthearted adventure , however , takes a turn for the worse when they reach their destination -- and stumble upon the evil lurking there . 
 about the author jeremy bates is the author of the number # 1 amazon bestseller white lies , which was shortlisted for the 2012 foreword book of the year award . 
 he is a graduate of the university of western ontario with a degree in english literature and philosophy . 
