 unnatural selection written by : bill langford edited by : karen jancovich introduction october , 2016 . 
 just over ten years ago , an alliance was formed between the top five alzheimer 's research centers in the world . 
 the facilities in the united states , canada , australia , france , and the united kingdom hoped that their conjoined efforts would better fulfill their united purpose . 
 they 've spent years hoping that their sharing of data and teamwork would someday bring what had emphatically eluded them for so long : the cure for alzheimer 's . 
 their luck is about to change with the arrival of a mysterious package at each of the five research labs . 
 the alzheimer 's institute in boston , massachusetts is the first to receive a package , followed by the u.k. lab . 
 dr. niles shaw , lead scientist at the british alzheimer 's research center just outside of london , is wrapping up for the day . 
 it 's late afternoon on a friday , and he 's rushing to catch a train , when one of the staff members stops him and hands him a ups package marked ` urgent . ' 
 dr. shaw hastily opens the package and pulls out a standard ten milliliter vacutainer tube . 
 he examines the label , which reads : compound m . 
 he holds it up to the light , as another scientist walks over and asks , `` what is it ? '' 
 shaw hands him the vial and the scientist reads the label . 
 the two colleagues look at each other with wonder . 
 just then , shaw 's cell phone rings . 
 when he sees that it 's one of his colleagues from the american lab , dr. harry woodfield , he answers it . 
 dr. woodfield says anxiously , `` we 've received a vial labeled compound m. '' `` we have too ... what do you think ? '' 
 woodfield responds , `` we 've already begun testing it . 
 some of the properties appear to be correct . '' 
 shaw says nothing , as his mind reels in several directions . 
 he finally says , `` i 'm going to test it now . 
 call me in an hour . '' 
 he hangs up the phone , puts down his coat and briefcase , and rushes to the testing lab with the vial in hand . 
 four months later . 
 boston , ma . 
 news media tracks an unfolding development in the medical field . 
 `` good morning , everyone . 
 we are interrupting our regularly scheduled program to bring you some breaking news , '' booms the authoritative voice of world broadcast channel -lrb- wbc -rrb- news anchor , todd mcmillon . 
 he continues , `` we 're going to take you to margo fletcher , coming to you live from boston , massachusetts . 
 margo , the internet is buzzing with chatter about a breakthrough in alzheimer 's research . 
 they are n't going so far as to say they 've found a cure , are they ? '' 
 `` todd , in a roundabout way , they are . 
 this is margo fletcher reporting from the alzheimer 's institute of boston , home of one the world 's leading alzheimer 's research facilities . 
 this world-class laboratory with an impeccable reputation is claiming to have , with the help of a new drug , successfully treated several alzheimer 's patients to the point where they no longer suffer from the disease . 
 just in the past few hours , this lab has claimed to have tested the new breakthrough drug on ten alzheimer 's patients ; and they report that all ten have shown miraculous results . 
 alzheimer 's is a debilitating disease that 's had the medical field perplexed . 
 that is , until now . 
 `` but i 've only told you half the story . 
 there are four other labs around the world making the same claim as the one here in boston . 
 this boston facility is linked to four other alzheimer 's labs in other countries , including the u.k. , france , australia , and canada . 
 these five laboratories have worked in concert with one another for over ten years , sharing their research in the hopes that someday one of them would find the cure . 
 the five labs agreed to make the announcement of this breakthrough drug at the same time , nine a.m. eastern standard time , so they could jointly share the news with the rest of the world . 
 we 're going to speak now to dr. harry woodfield , who has worked in this lab since its inception . '' 
 dr. woodfield walks into camera view and stands next to her , as she says , `` dr. woodfield , thanks for speaking to us today . 
 would you mind giving us some background on this coalition of labs ? '' 
 `` my pleasure , margo . 
 for the past ten years , our boston institute , along with the four other leading alzheimer 's research labs around the world , have acknowledged that we were missing a key compound to an experimental drug we 'd been developing . 
 we have referred to this missing link as compound m . 
 our top researchers believed that this unknown compound would fill the gap between compounds l and p , which we had already isolated . 
 we continually published our research on the internet for researchers around the world to see , in the hopes that one of them would find the missing compound . '' 
 `` and what happened ? '' 
 margo asks . 
 dr. woodfield responds , `` someone found it . '' 
 `` who found it ? '' 
 `` well , i 'm not at liberty to discuss the particulars at this time . '' 
 `` can you at least tell us why it was so difficult to find ? '' 
 dr. woodfield thinks a moment and says , `` hundreds of scientists around the world were vigorously searching for ten years and coming up empty . 
 if this individual did n't find it , we may have gone another ten years ... or possibly never found it . '' 
 `` have you spoken to the scientist who found it ? '' 
 margo asks excitedly , leaning in for the answer . 
 `` no , i have n't . '' 
 surprised , she prods , `` what will you say to him or her when you do ? '' 
 dr. woodfield pauses , then looks into the camera as though he 's speaking to the scientist and says , `` you found the one needle in a million haystacks . 
 you ... '' he stops speaking and drops his head , placing his hand over his brow . 
 margo is not expecting such a strong reaction from him . 
 she pauses a moment , realizing that he 's starting to cry and needs a moment to recover . 
 her cameraman motions for her to continue , so she says , `` this is obviously a very emotional topic for everyone involved with this debilitating disease . 
 dr. woodfield , you 've experienced this illness in your own family , have n't you ? '' 
 dr. woodfield sighs , `` my mother . '' 
 he keeps his head down , still visibly upset . 
 margo looks into the camera , in an effort to give dr. woodfield some privacy , and continues , `` it seems dr. woodfield 's mother is an alzheimer 's victim and their family has suffered as so many others have . 
 this new drug is obviously a major advancement in the fight to cure the disease , and millions of families will be hoping that it 's as promising as projected . '' 
 dr. woodfield regains his composure and lifts his head , saying , `` forgive me . '' 
 she puts her hand on dr. woodfield 's shoulder , `` of course . 
 let 's discuss how this breakthrough came about . 
 according to the institutes ' representatives , each of the five labs received a vial labeled ` compound m ' on the same day , approximately sixteen weeks ago . 
 after immediate experimentation , this compound was confirmed to be the link in the molecular code that had eluded them . 
 is that correct , doctor ? '' 
 `` yes , and only one week after receiving the vials of compound m , we were able to complete our test drug . 
 we then initiated preliminary testing of the drug on alzheimer 's patients , and only ten weeks later , those patients showed extraordinary progress . '' 
 `` that is wonderful news . 
 thank you , dr. woodfield . 
 we 'll be speaking to you again soon for an update . '' 
 `` thank you , margo . '' 
 to wrap up the interview , she concludes , `` it seems that compound m is the breakthrough alzheimer 's researchers have been searching for . 
 what we do n't yet know is from where it came or who sent it . 
 i 'm sure this lab , and the four others involved , will continue to give us more information as this story develops . 
 we 'll bring you updates as they become available . 
 margo fletcher , wbc news , reporting live from boston . 
 now , back to you todd . '' 
 six months later . 
 darfur , africa eight physicians treating local victims of a genocide are frantically trying to wrap up and return to their camp before darkness falls . 
 tension is high as the doctors bandage and stitch victims faster than usual . 
 it 's 4:30 in the afternoon when olivier , a french physician , looks at his watch and yells out , `` let 's go ! 
 let 's go ! '' 
 the drive back to their base camp is a dangerous feat , even for the team 's fully equipped off-road vehicles . 
 rough terrain and obstacles along the route , including animal carcasses , giant ant hills , and deep ruts , could strand the physicians ' vehicles in the heart of lion and hyena country . 
 olivier and the other doctors there with him are part of an organization called physicians worldwide . 
 while physicians worldwide consists of a fearless group of caregivers , they are not reckless . 
 they are fully aware that one wrong move could end in disaster . 
 some of their colleagues have been caught in the middle of nowhere and been torn limb from limb , leaving behind only bloodied clothes ; a reminder that super-predators do n't know , or care , if one is kind-hearted and protecting those who can not protect themselves . 
 these predators do n't distinguish doctor from villager , or even man from beast . 
 they only know flesh and blood ; it 's nothing personal . 
 the physicians are working at a vigorous pace . 
 it 's always the same precise regimen : stop the bleeding , sew the wound closed , apply antibiotics , then gauze and tape . 
 they move from victim to victim : whoever is screaming the loudest . 
 these doctors come from different parts of the world , but have one common thread : they 've given up a lucrative career in medicine to live in a part of the world that shows no mercy , on animals or on humans . 
 even natural born killers like leopards , fearless and armed with razor sharp everything , can lose their life by one wrong move . 
 so while these men and women could be making money hand over fist , living in a penthouse in paris or london , they choose this life . 
 they wear the famous physicians worldwide logo on their sleeves like a badge of honor , but they know it wo n't protect them . 
 they 've committed themselves to heal and care for those in need - the forgotten ones , the desperate ones . 
 these doctors do n't need pity . 
 what they need are more supplies ... and prayers . 
 olivier yells out worriedly , `` wrap it up . 
 let 's move ! '' 
 as he vigorously works on what 's left of a little girl 's arm , hacked off at the elbow . 
 the other doctors scramble , concentrating on the women and children first . 
 the victims must try to survive the night until the doctors can return in the early morning . 
 the sun is reaching a tipping point with which the doctors are all too familiar : the point of no return , when there 's no longer time to jump into vehicles and reach their base camp before the sun disappears and all hell breaks loose . 
 the moment the sun vanishes and the beautiful orange horizon is no more , one is instantly divided into two categories : hunter and prey . 
 the tipping point is moments away and the doctors will have to choose whether to risk the trip back to base camp or stay at the victims ' village for the night , a no less dangerous option , as the killers may return for a second attack on the tribal village . 
 the doctors must choose between two monsters : the killing machines that have evolved over millions of years with canines and claws designed for the sole purpose of ripping flesh from bones , and the killing machines that are relatively new to the planet , but by no means inferior - men . 
 this second enemy does not possess claws or canines . 
 however , what man lacks in evolutionary offensive weaponry , he more than makes up for in cunning , prowess , and engineered weaponry . 
 nightmares are made of the machete : the weapon of choice of the monsters responsible for this genocide . 
 the machete is wielded by men so full of hatred that these foreign , neutral doctors will not be given a free pass , and the ruthless savages will not distinguish these doctors from the tribe members they 've come to extinguish . 
 these monsters often come back the second night to finish what they started on the first . 
 this very minute , due to the sun 's unyielding progression , a decision has to be made between the two beasts . 
 olivier quickly finishes with the girl he was working on . 
 he throws his bloody tools in his bag , zips it up , and yells , `` let 's go ! '' 
 none of the doctors stand up . 
 olivier briskly walks over to antonio , who 's stitching a wound on a young girl 's head . 
 the girl 's mother lies dead at her daughter 's side , still holding her hand . 
 the mother bled out several minutes ago , and antonio knows her last thought must have been the hope that her daughter survive this massacre . 
 he does n't want to give up . 
 olivier sees the severity of the girl 's wound , and in a panicked voice says , `` antonio , she 's not going to make it , let 's go ! '' 
 `` she 's still breathing . 
 you can leave me here . 
 i 'll tend to the rest , just come get me in the morning . '' 
 olivier , becoming more desperate by the second , yells , `` that 's not how we do it . 
 we do n't leave team members behind ! '' 
 antonio continues stitching the girl 's head as he says , `` but you 're asking me to leave her . '' 
 olivier looks at the sun and quickly walks over to claire , who 's stitching a wound closed on a boy 's stomach . 
 olivier says emphatically , `` let 's go , claire ! '' 
 she continues stitching and says `` leave antonio and me to tend to the rest and come back for us tomorrow . 
 look around , olivier . 
 there are twenty more . '' 
 olivier gazes over the remaining victims fighting for life , then he looks at the sun . 
 he makes a decision to stay , saying a quick prayer that the monsters do n't return tonight . 
 he quickly walks over to a man lying face down in the dirt , rolls him over to confirm he 's dead , then moves on to attend to a crying group of children huddled together . 
 many hours later , the sun has long since disappeared , and the doctors retire to their tents . 
 exhausted , they slowly fade into a much-needed sleep . 
 adrenaline keeps them going all day , but when it 's over , they succumb to their fatigue and their bodies shut down . 
 in the quietness of their pitch-black tents , sleep relieves their minds of the savagery they 've witnessed all day . 
 tomorrow will bring another long day of treating victims . 
 they 'll redress the victims ' bandages and treat them with more antibiotics . 
 then they 'll endure the two hour trek back to the physicians worldwide base camp . 
 until then , sleep is their peace . 
 olivier is the last doctor still awake . 
 the smell of the burning wood from the campfire floods him with memories of camping with his father back home . 
 his fond memories are interrupted when hears some of the victims crying softly in the distance , dealing with pain and agony most people will never come close to experiencing . 
 before dozing off , he thinks , how can mankind be so brutal ? 
 a short time later , the crying has stopped , and everything is quiet and still . 
 the faint sound of the campfire embers popping delivers a calming effect , and the village welcomes the quiet . 
 all of a sudden , there 's a loud noise , and olivier is awoken from his deep sleep . 
 he quickly opens his eyes and sees nothing but darkness in the tent . 
 he listens attentively for whatever woke him up , but hears nothing . 
 relieved , he whispers , `` thank you , god ... '' then he hears it . 
 he bolts up . 
 claire and paula hear it too and also sit up . 
 the sound quickly becomes unmistakable : women and children screaming and pleading for their lives . 
 every doctor is frozen with fear , knowing they 're not seen as doctors right now . 
 they 're viewed as evil outsiders who chose the wrong side ; and on this night , they 'll be held accountable . 
 hearing screams and voices coming from all sides of them , they realize they 're surrounded , and there 's nowhere to run . 
 they resign themselves to their fate . 
 terrified , claire feels for olivier 's hand in the dark . 
 she finds it and grabs it tightly . 
 then she feels for paula 's hand on her other side and secures it in her own . 
 stricken with fear , the three doctors listen to the mayhem surrounding them . 
 then they hear a scream that they knew would come , one of their own . 
 they know it was antonio . 
 then they hear max cry out . 
 the screams become closer and louder , and the three squeeze each other 's hands , listening to their friends ' last cries for mercy . 
 paula trembles with fear , wondering if she 'll feel any pain . 
 she silently prays , `` please , god , make it quick . '' 
 in the pitch-black tent , knowing that the end is near , and the time he thought he had has run out , olivier blurts out , `` i love you , claire ! '' 
 claire thinks about the three years they 've spent working together and wonders why he never expressed interest in her before . 
 she regrets never confessing her feelings for him either , always believing there would be time for that one day . 
 overcome with emotion , claire thrusts herself into olivier 's arms , and they kiss ... for the first and last time . 
 as the machetes begin to slice the tent to ribbons , she whispers in his ear , `` i love you too , olivier . '' 
 five months later . 
 georgia , a country in the caucasus region of eurasia , just south of russia . 
 wbc news journalist chase jordan aggressively climbs the stairs to the rooftop of an abandoned hotel in rustavi , georgia . 
 out of breath , he reaches the rooftop before the rest of his crew and looks up at the spectacle in the sky . 
 his camera crew labors to reach the roof , and once there , they stare in awe at the scores of military helicopters hovering over them like bees over a hive . 
 they quickly determine where to set up the camera , struggling against the deafening sound of engines and the hurricane-like downdraft . 
 chase begins his report in a loud and hastened voice , trying to communicate over the roar of the helicopters , `` it has all come down to this . 
 we 've received reports from credible sources that timothy hutchins is trapped on that rooftop over there . '' 
 chase points to the building . 
 `` that building is the center of this incredible surge of u.s. and russian forces . 
 this scene must be shocking to those of you just tuning in . 
 i 've never seen this many helicopters in such tight quarters . 
 if you could feel the downdraft that this is creating : it 's nearly sweeping our camera crew and the nearby soldiers off these rooftops . 
 as you can see , the sky is littered with military helicopters representing russia and the united states , each one of them with a different stake in this world event . 
 they 're all surrounding that building over there . '' 
 now addressing the cameraman , chase yells , `` carlos , get a shot of this , '' as he points straight up in the air . 
 `` show the viewers this . '' 
 carlos pans the camera up in the air to show the wave of helicopters , and chase yells into the camera , `` a gust of wind or pilot error could send these choppers into each other and down to the streets ! '' 
 he continues , `` it 's hard to fathom everything that 's happened in such a short period of time . 
 with the coalition 's creation of tiger island , it felt like the world was coming together as a whole . 
 but here we are witnessing a possible outbreak of war between two superpowers . 
 timothy hutchins has undoubtedly become the most polarizing figure in recent world history , but you ca n't deny his results . 
 in only two months he 's done what the united nations has been unable to do for fifteen years . 
 he has stopped the genocide in darfur . 
 the janjuweed have abandoned their massive killing spree , bringing at least some relief to that part of the world . 
 in that same timeframe , hutchins ' actions caused the russian military to cease their invasion of georgia . 
 of course , no one loves timothy hutchins more than the good people of georgia ! 
 this country owes him a great deal of gratitude , and i know one thing : if there was an underground tunnel to that building hutchins is in , the people of this city would usher him out of harm 's way ... and probably make him their new president . '' 
 he smiles , then says solemnly , `` right now , that seems next to impossible , as this massive manhunt has brought us to the unsuspecting city of rustavi . 
 if timothy hutchins has taught us nothing else , it 's that the most precious resource on the planet is knowledge , and that 's what has brought us to this incredible turning point . 
 mark this day on your calendar : january 5 , 2018 . 
 whatever happens on that rooftop over there may change the course of history ! '' 
 chapter one 2008 . 
 silverton , colorado . 
 brooke hutchins opens her twelve-year-old son 's bedroom door to wake him up . 
 he 's not there . 
 she walks back into the hallway and her husband scott asks , `` is he up yet ? '' 
 brooke smiles and says sarcastically , `` oh , he 's up ... '' `` by up , do you mean down ? '' 
 she laughs , `` we 've created a mad scientist . '' 
 as they laugh and head to the staircase together , scott asks , `` want me to get him ? '' 
 `` i 'll do it , '' brooke says . 
 she descends the stairs to the basement and is just about to call out timothy 's name , when she sees him , bent over and looking through a microscope . 
 she watches her son for a second , absorbing the moment . 
 she wonders what he sees through that lens that keeps him so interested for hours on end . 
 she 's in awe of his relentless dedication to his passion . 
 she smiles as she thinks back to when she was twelve and all she cared about were clothes . 
 she knows her son is cut from a different cloth . 
 scott and she cater to his every whim when it comes to his studies . 
 they try to purchase whatever he deems essential for his makeshift lab , which over the last two years , has taken over most of the basement . 
 he spends endless hours searching the internet for any and all medical research , absorbing it like a sponge . 
 they think this may just be a phase he 's going through , and that he 'll soon move on to sports , music or girls . 
 they are oblivious to what is coming . 
 a force drives timothy . 
 he can feel it pushing , but he 's too young to understand it . 
 there have been a handful of scientists talked about as hundred year scientists , including galileo , da vinci , pasteur , newton , and einstein . 
 forward thinking minds as advanced as these may only come along every fifty to one hundred years . 
 each of them was limited by the technology offered during their time period . 
 one of these great minds was albert einstein . 
 he benefited from his era 's advances , having the most state-of-the-art instruments and technologies of the time at his fingertips . 
 that technology enabled him to achieve successes that his predecessors could only dream of . 
 hundreds of years earlier , leonardo da vinci performed autopsies by candlelight with a knife that a blacksmith made for him . 
 each of these scientists felt privileged to have greater technology than his predecessors . 
 their unharnessed minds ran rampant through every facet of science , limited only by their brilliant imaginations . 
 today 's scientists wonder what einstein or da vinci could uncover with today 's technology . 
 they do n't need to wonder anymore . 
 the world is about to find out . 
 where some of his predecessors were limited by their generations ' medieval and primitive technology , timothy has the good fortune of living in the twenty-first century . 
 where da vinci was using handmade knives , timothy will benefit from lasers . 
 where einstein was limited to incandescent light , timothy will benefit from l.e.d.s. where pasteur would compare his findings to his peers through letters , timothy will navigate his way through the internet , linking himself to every scientist on the planet , living and dead , whose work has ever been documented . 
 you may be thinking that there are a lot of brilliant people in the world and to say that this boy is of the same cloth as history 's greatest minds would be ludicrous , but you 'd be wrong . 
 three hundred years from now , people will talk about leonardo da vinci , galileo galilei , louise pasteur , isaac newton , marie curie , albert einstein , and ... timothy hutchins . 
 but brooke does n't know this . 
 she only knows that her son is brilliant and exceptional . 
 she steps off the bottom stair in the basement and says , `` morning , buddy . '' 
 timothy looks up from the microscope , glances at the clock , and says , `` morning , mom . '' 
 he playfully stands at attention and salutes her , `` ready for duty . '' 
 she laughs and notices his attire . 
 surprised , she says , `` you ca n't wear the same thing you wore yesterday . '' 
 `` no one notices what i wear , mom . 
 i 'm not one of the cool kids , '' he replies with a smile . 
 ignoring his comment , she asks , `` why did you put the same clothes on ? '' 
 `` i forgot what i had on . '' 
 she knows he never forgets anything and is hiding something . 
 she raises her eyebrows , waiting for an answer . 
 he has n't lied to her before , and he 's not going to start now . 
 he hesitates , `` i came down last night to run some samples and ... i lost track of time . '' 
 brooke opens her mouth in disbelief , `` you 've been down here all night ? '' 
 he says , `` sorry , mom . '' 
 then adds , `` i 'm not tired , and i 'm ready for school , '' as he salutes her again . 
 she does n't laugh , and he lowers his salute , knowing that 's not going to work this time . 
 she looks him in the eyes and says sternly , `` do n't do that again . 
 you need your sleep . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 she continues to stare at him so he knows she means it , then changes the subject , `` do you have your presentation ready ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you have note cards ? '' 
 `` i 've got it all up here , '' he says , as he points to his head . 
 `` that 's my boy . 
 let 's go up for breakfast . '' 
 they join scott in the kitchen , and timothy sits down at the table with him . 
 he immediately opens his laptop . 
 scott asks , `` do you have your report ready ? '' 
 looking at his laptop , timothy barely nods and answers , `` yes , sir . '' 
 he 's reading some newly posted data from a cancer research center in quebec , whose study he 's been following . 
 scott watches timothy reading intently . 
 he knows his son 's capabilities are extraordinary and his ceiling for learning limitless . 
 he sees timothy slightly shaking his head in disapproval of what he 's reading , which he does often . 
 scott asks , `` what are you reading , buddy ? '' 
 timothy keeps reading and shaking his head . 
 he finally says , `` redundancy , '' and leaves it at that . 
 scott asks , `` what 's redundant ? '' 
 timothy ignores the question and keeps reading , as brooke and scott smile at each other . 
 scott waits , knowing it 's difficult to break his son 's concentration once he 's focused . 
 scott 's had to learn not to view this as a sign of disrespect , but an inherent trait that comes with timothy 's off-the-chart reading aptitude . 
 he knows it comes with the territory , but he 's also learned to use polite persistence , so he asks again , `` what 's redundant , buddy ? '' 
 timothy looks up and says , `` i 've been looking forward to this report for months , but it 's just mirroring a study that was completed six months ago in switzerland . '' 
 timothy leaves it at that , but scott was hoping for more . 
 he asks , `` what did the original study report ? '' 
 timothy ignores the question and keeps reading . 
 scott would normally let it go , but brooke and he talked about needing to reel timothy in and remind him that there 's more to life than reading and lab work . 
 they want their son to see that human connections are vital to balancing an over-stimulated mind . 
 at least that 's what they 've read in their attempts to understand what makes their son tick and how to keep connected to him . 
 brooke looks at scott and gives him a smile , then a nod . 
 he says , `` hey , buddy , i 've got a question for you . '' 
 still looking down , timothy replies , `` yes , sir ? '' 
 `` it will require your undivided attention . '' 
 timothy never heard his father put it like that before . 
 he looks up and pushes the laptop away , `` ready . '' 
 scott 's caught off guard by timothy 's immediate attention and grasps for something more intelligent than what he was going to say . 
 brooke quickly jumps in and says , `` we want to hear about how redundancy pertains to that report you were reading . '' 
 timothy perks up a bit , knowing this question is in his wheel house , unlike yesterday when brooke asked him if he had a special valentine 's card for any of the girls in his class . 
 he says , `` redundancy has always existed in science . 
 for example , my speech today covers the wright brothers . 
 for ten years prior to their first successful flight , they were conducting the same experiments as alberto santos dumont in france . 
 in the absence of shared data , their successes and failures were redundantly duplicated with dumont 's , which meant time lost . 
 `` the single largest hurdle between man and the cure for cancer is time . 
 scientists around the world who share data will of course yield a more timely result than scientists around the world who conduct experiments that have already been proven ineffective by others . '' 
 he pauses and looks at his parents . 
 they remain silent , so he closes with `` hence , redundancy pertaining to science equals lives lost . '' 
 scott asks , `` lives lost ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 if every cancer researcher communicated their failed experiments to other researchers , mankind would find the cure sooner than they would using the present redundant method . '' 
 timothy looks at the time on his laptop , `` i have to get to school . '' 
 he abruptly gets up and closes his laptop . 
 brooke and scott look at each other with surprise . 
 they 've never heard their son talk that much about his research before . 
 they 're excited to have possibly learned the secret to promoting dialogue with him : less valentine 's talk and more impending doom . 
 timothy stands up and walks to the counter to grab his math book . 
 he starts to put it in his backpack when scott asks , `` what 's your solution to redundancy ? '' 
 `` man has created the tool . 
 he has to learn how to use it . '' 
 he looks at the clock on the microwave and quickly says `` i 'm late . '' 
 he hugs his parents and races for the door . 
 brooke shouts , `` so , what 's the tool ? '' 
 timothy yanks the door open , starts to run out , and yells back , `` the internet ! '' 
 that day in school , timothy sits in his classroom , quietly listening to his classmates ' presentations about what they want to be when they grow up . 
 shelly , a girl in his class , is explaining why she wants to have a career in the nhl . 
 timothy 's teacher , mrs. stier says , `` that was very nice , shelly . 
 who would n't want to be the first female professional hockey player ? 
 i wish i 'd thought of that . 
 i could be playing for the colorado avalanche tonight . '' 
 the kids start laughing and mrs. stier smiles . 
 giving a nod to the administrators and staff in back of the room , she announces , `` next up is timothy hutchins . 
 timothy , the podium is all yours . '' 
 the principal , vice principal , and four other teachers are sitting in the back row of the class . 
 they 're not there to listen to all of the children 's presentations ; they 're only there for one . 
 the teachers are told to never bolster one student over the others for fear of causing insecurity ; but what they say in private , in the teachers ' lounge , is a different matter . 
 they know an anomaly when they see one . 
 timothy takes his position . 
 he puts both hands on each side of the podium and looks at the class . 
 he has no note cards or outline with him like the other students did , but memorized his presentation verbatim . 
 he begins his speech with `` on november 24 , 1900 in north carolina , it was a cold , breezy day with wind gusts at twenty-seven miles per hour . 
 it was the perfect conditions for flying a kite , but there would not be a kite flown on the prairie this day . 
 this day would be marked in infamy because on this day , in this meadow , stood two men who dared to dream the impossible . '' 
 he pauses , then continues , `` orville and wilbur wright were two brothers who built and tested many flying machines , but all had failed . 
 however , their new one was different . 
 each flying machine before this one served only to gain knowledge . 
 everything they had learned through failure after failure sat in this one flying machine , and they were moments away from making history . 
 their hearts were pounding rapidly . 
 all their disappointments from the previous machines would mean nothing , as they were about to do what no other human being had ever done before ... fly . 
 there were n't any new engineering ideas they could apply if this one failed . 
 everything they 'd learned up until then was put into this one engineering marvel , and they were moments away from achieving something the world thought impossible . 
 `` despite the confidence of the wright brothers in that prairie , on that day , the flying machine never got more than ten feet off the ground and only traveled a little over seventy feet ... wilbur wright stood helpless as a gust of wind caught the aircraft and flipped it over , injuring his brother orville . 
 it was as if god had declared , ` man will never fly . ' 
 `` but as we all know , man did fly . 
 just three years later , in 1903 , near kitty hawk , north carolina , wilbur and orville wright realized their dream to fly . 
 they made the first controlled powered airplane flight at the kill devil hills , south of the town , in december of that year . '' 
 he pauses for a moment , looking out over his audience . 
 inspired by this story of scientific ingenuity , his own mind is soaring . 
 a smile forms on his face and he says with great enthusiasm , `` in man 's darkest hour , we must dig deep into our souls to find the strength to rise from the ashes . 
 what the wright brothers taught us is that failure breeds success . 
 that 's where scientists seeking the cure for breast cancer stand now . 
 they 're on a grassy field , their flying machine lying on its back , with little hope that they 'll ever find the way . 
 despite all their despair on that day in 1900 , the wright brothers were only three years away from flying . 
 likewise , i believe we 're on the cusp of a breakthrough in breast cancer research and we do n't even know it . 
 scientists and physicians around the world are all heading in the same direction , with one goal : find the cure . 
 twenty-two percent of the world 's scientists committed to curing cancer believe the answer may lie within the shark . 
 i believe this to be true , and for my birthday , my parents have ordered me a dissectible crested bullhead shark from a science catalog . 
 in my basement lab , i 'll soon join the race to find the cure and strive towards the finish line . 
 `` as the wright brothers discovered , a scientific breakthrough could be completely within our grasp , no matter how far away the finish line seems . 
 nobody knows where the cancer breakthrough will come from . 
 it may come from the california cancer and research laboratory in san diego . 
 it may come from amelia accola in new zealand , who has turned her house into a state-of-the-art laboratory , or ... it may come from me . 
 my name is timothy hutchins , and my career choice is scientist - specializing in cancer research . 
 thank you . '' 
 mrs. stier says nothing . 
 she glances at the back row and sees that they also appear to be speechless . 
 timothy steps away from the podium , walks to his chair , and sits down . 
 mrs. stier finally says , `` well ... that was very enlightening , timothy , '' thinking that the speech sounded like a college student in a sixth grader 's body . 
 she looks at the back row again and makes eye contact with the principal , who slowly and silently mouths the word , `` wow . '' 
 one of the kids raises his hand and mrs. stier asks , `` yes , steven , do you have a question ? '' 
 he asks , `` is he allowed to say ` breast ? '' ' 
 the students start laughing . 
 another boy , joey sims , coughs the word `` nerd , '' as timothy pulls out a notebook and pen . 
 after timothy 's presentation , he and the other children are let out on the playground for recess . 
 timothy notices that a boy from his class is being humiliated in front of a crowd of students . 
 joey sims , the school bully , has him on the ground and is trying to push some leaves in his mouth . 
 some of the kids are cheering , but most wish they had the courage to do something . 
 joey sees a teacher coming and quickly lets the boy up , who fights to hold back tears . 
 timothy knows that helping this boy would only turn joey 's anger towards him , so he stands quietly in the crowd , biding his time . 
 he 's already decided to do something to stop joey . 
 he put something in his locker weeks earlier , waiting for the right opportunity . 
 later that day , in the cafeteria , timothy lines up behind joey . 
 as each student is reaching for a food selection , timothy waits for his moment to strike . 
 he looks around to see if anyone is looking , then quickly pours a small amount of liquid on joey 's vegetables . 
 joey looks back , and timothy thinks he 's been caught , but joey just looks at him and barks , `` what are you looking at ? '' 
 timothy says , `` nothing , '' and proceeds through the line . 
 when classes resume after lunch , joey sits in his math class and begins to feel sick . 
 he knows something 's not right , but does n't know what it is . 
 he waits a few minutes , thinking the next time the teacher pauses , he 'll ask to go to the bathroom . 
 the break he was hoping for is elusive , and he begins to worry . 
 he soon realizes that he has waited too long . 
 the other students see him fidgeting and squirming in his seat . 
 he says , `` oh no , '' and the unthinkable happens . 
 in an instant , the school bully has become the scorned and ridiculed . 
 the students quickly realize what 's happened and burst into laughter . 
 the girl behind him softly says , `` mrs. stier , joey pooped . '' 
 the next morning , when joey shows up at school , he has a new position . 
 no longer the feared bully , he cringes as kids tease him while he walks down the hall . 
 timothy and his parents are called into the office of the principal , mr. daniels , for a meeting after school . 
 brooke and scott are oblivious to why they 've been summoned . 
 mr. daniels says , `` timothy , i do n't want you to say anything until i 'm finished speaking , okay ? '' 
 scott and brooke quickly realize the severity of this meeting and they look at each other nervously . 
 timothy straightens up in his seat and responds quietly , `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` one of the lunch servers thinks she saw you put something on joey 's plate , but says she 's not certain . '' 
 scott 's and brooke 's faces immediately shift into a look of astonishment . 
 the principal stands and says , `` i know joey has been bullying kids in this school but we 've never been able to prove it . 
 now , the lunch server is not sure of what she saw . 
 i do n't believe you put anything in joey 's lunch , so take this opportunity to think about your answer . 
 i know you 're a smart boy . 
 your teachers are flabbergasted by your incredible aptitude . 
 they say they sometimes feel like they 're talking to an adult when they talk to you . 
 `` i 'm going to ask you if you put something in joey 's lunch . 
 now , if your answer to my question is yes , i will have no choice but to expel you from school . 
 if your answer is no , this matter will be concluded , and no one will ever know this conversation occurred . '' 
 he looks at timothy and pauses a moment , then asks `` did you put something in joey 's lunch ? '' 
 scott and brooke are on pins and needles , knowing what 's at stake . 
 they both look at timothy , hoping and praying his answer is no . 
 timothy looks at his parents and then at mr. daniels . 
 finally , he nervously says , `` my head is telling me one thing , but my heart 's telling me another . '' 
 he pauses and is about to say something , but mr. daniels cuts him off and says , `` scott and brooke ... maybe you 'd like to have a moment alone with timothy and give him a little coaching . '' 
 brooke and scott look at each other , and they know what the other is thinking : they 've been coaching him his whole life to be honest and tell the truth . 
 brooke takes a deep breath and says , `` we appreciate that , but i think we have to let the cards fall where they may on this one . '' 
 scott takes her hand , and they all turn to timothy and wait . 
 timothy looks at mr. daniels and then at his parents and says , `` i 'm sorry , mom and dad ... i did it . '' 
 brooke closes her eyes and scott drops his head . 
 they knew their son would n't lie , but are shocked by what he 's done . 
 mr. daniels sighs , knowing this is going to get rough for timothy . 
 he thinks of all the melodramatic parents who are going to accuse timothy of poisoning one of their little angels ; when in reality this is just about a boy slipping a laxative to a little demon who terrorized the children . 
 still , he knows has no choice but to expel timothy , class genius or not . 
 timothy is grounded to his room after getting expelled , coming out only for meals and to use the restroom . 
 scott and brooke are shell-shocked . 
 timothy has been trying to find a way to apologize to his mom and dad . 
 fortunately , because there was only a few weeks left in the school year , he 'll be allowed to make up his missed classes during the summer break . 
 but he feels terrible for causing this embarrassment to his parents . 
 he decides to write a letter to them . 
 he knows it 'll be easier for him to express his feelings this way than in person . 
 a couple of nights after the incident , scott and brooke are lying in bed , about to turn out the light , when they both hear and see a note being pushed under their bedroom door . 
 they look at each other with surprise . 
 brooke walks over and picks it up . 
 they sit on the bed and start reading the note , which says : dear mom and dad , i know i really messed up . 
 i just could n't stand by and watch joey inflict his torment any longer , but i should have found another way . 
 what i did was wrong , and i wish i could take it back . 
 i wanted joey to see what it felt like to be bullied and laughed at and , now that he is , i feel no peace of mind . 
 all i feel is regret . 
 i 'm writing this because it 's hard for me to face you and see the disappointment on your faces . 
 i 'm not used to that . 
 you 've always been so proud of me . 
 i will make you proud again . 
 i know i spend so much time in my lab that we do n't get much time to talk . 
 my mind is constantly reeling with thoughts and ideas . 
 i do n't know if other kids have this problem , but i 'm bombarded with visions and concepts , mostly about science . 
 sorry , dad . 
 i know you wanted me to play football , and i wish i could give you that , but science is my passion . 
 sometimes you ask me what i 'm thinking , and i 'm afraid to answer because i know it 's not normal ... what consumes my thoughts more than anything else is my belief that the secret to unlocking the mystery of cancer lies within the shark . 
 many scientists around the world also believe this to be true . 
 most of my time in my lab is spent studying published research by these scientists . 
 i know you cancelled the order for the shark , and i understand . 
 i do n't know who i 'm going to be or what exactly i 'll accomplish , but i do n't think it would be a wasted life to dedicate myself to this research . 
 i believe that in the next fifteen years , cancer will be curable , and i believe that i may play a role in that . 
 at least , i hope to . 
 i know other twelve-year-old boys are n't talking about things like this ; they 're talking about sports and girls . 
 i know i 'm different than the other kids ; they remind me of that all the time . 
 but , it does n't bother me . 
 i 'm secure in my path and do n't regret not fitting in . 
 i believe i can make a difference in the world . 
 i know it seems unlikely right now because you 're so mad at me , but i promise you there 'll come a day when you 're proud of me and what i accomplish . 
 i know you grounded me , and the last thing on your mind is letting me back in my lab . 
 it may be too soon yet , but i have itemized the things i can give you right now to take steps towards this : 1 -rrb- i will give you all my love and respect . 
 2 -rrb- i will get straight a 's in every class -lrb- as i have been -rrb- . 
 3 -rrb- i will go to church with you every sunday -lrb- as we have been -rrb- . 
 4 -rrb- i will set the table for dinner every night and sit down to talk with you about whatever you want . 
 that 's what i can give you now , but there 'll be far more in the future . 
 what i hope and pray is that you 'll allow me to start earning my way back into my lab . 
 without my work there , i am as empty as a person can be . 
 i have thousands of thoughts racing in my head and nowhere to act on them . 
 if you allow me back in my lab , you 'll be rewarded ... with a son you can be proud of . 
 maybe not the son you thought you 'd have , but the one i am . 
 love , timothy brooke finishes reading and her eyes begin to water . 
 she puts her head down . 
 scott holds her tightly , as he begins to tear up as well . 
 eighteen months later . 
 scott and timothy pull into the driveway with their minivan full of used lab equipment . 
 as they begin to unload it , scott says , `` remember , as soon as we get this down to the basement , you need to come upstairs to help us get ready for the dinner party . '' 
 `` absolutely , '' timothy excitedly responds . 
 scott hoists a heavy piece of equipment out of the trunk , remarking , `` it 's hard to believe they give this stuff away . '' 
 he and timothy haul it into the house . 
 that evening , scott and brooke are entertaining guests in their home . 
 they 've invited six couples over for dinner . 
 as they socialize before dinner , scott decides to introduce himself to a gentleman he does n't recognize . 
 `` hi , i 'm scott . 
 glad you could make it tonight . '' 
 `` nice to finally meet you . 
 i 'm peter , carol 's husband . '' 
 `` yes ... peter . 
 i 've heard a lot about you . 
 my wife tells me you 're a doctor ? '' 
 `` yes , i have a small practice over on main street . 
 i also teach part-time at the university . '' 
 scott says , `` oh , great . 
 my son and i have been getting some free lab equipment from the university . 
 i ca n't believe they give it away after a couple of years . 
 it 's still like new . '' 
 peter responds , `` yes , they consider some of it obsolete after a short period of time . 
 anyone who wants it can take it . 
 what do you do with it ? '' 
 scott replies , `` we put it in our basement , '' as he thinks , maybe i should n't have opened this can of worms . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 apprehensively , scott responds , `` well ... our son is on a mission . '' 
 `` what kind of mission ? '' 
 `` let 's just say he 's ... into cancer research , '' scott says smiling . 
 `` oh , i was under the impression that you had only one son . '' 
 `` we do have only one son . '' 
 peter looks perplexed , feeling that he 's obviously missing something . 
 he asks , `` but is n't your son the same age as john and nicole 's son ? '' 
 `` yes , they 're in the same grade . '' 
 `` he 's thirteen ? '' 
 `` yeah ... timothy 's a bit focused , you might say . '' 
 just then , brooke walks in on the conversation and asks , `` who 's a bit focused ? '' 
 `` we were just talking about timothy , '' scott replies , taking a sip of his drink . 
 with a serious face , brooke asks , `` you think he 's focused ? '' 
 scott stares at her blankly . 
 she holds it a moment , then starts laughing . 
 scott realizes she 's being sarcastic and he laughs too . 
 intrigued , peter asks , `` could i see the lab ? '' 
 scott responds , `` sure , go ahead . 
 i think timothy would be happy to show it off . '' 
 he points to a door at the end of the hallway and says `` through that door and down the stairs . '' 
 peter heads down to the basement . 
 when he reaches the bottom stair , he takes a moment to look around . 
 he ca n't believe his eyes . 
 the room is much larger than he thought it would be and meticulously organized . 
 there are floor-to-ceiling lab instruments and test equipment running the full length of the basement . 
 after a moment , he notices timothy at the far end of the lab . 
 he 's sitting in a chair dissecting something . 
 peter slowly steps down and continues to scan the basement , in awe of this self-made laboratory . 
 he walks towards timothy who 's wearing magnifying goggles , latex gloves , and has a scalpel in each hand . 
 as timothy hears the footsteps draw closer , he looks up and says , `` hi , you must be here for the dinner party ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm peter . 
 you must be timothy . 
 your dad said i could come down and take a look at your lab . 
 is that okay ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 i hope you do n't mind if i continue . '' 
 `` no , of course not , would you mind if i observe your work for a moment ? '' 
 `` i do n't mind , but you may be bored . '' 
 `` not at all . 
 i 'm a doctor , and i teach at the university . '' 
 `` oh , your wife is my mom 's friend , right ? '' 
 `` yes , carol . 
 your dad told me you had some lab equipment down here , but i had no idea it was this extensive . '' 
 it 's only then that peter notices what 's lying in front of timothy on the table . 
 it 's a small shark , about a foot and a half long . 
 as timothy lowers the scalpel towards the specimen , peter asks , `` where did you get that shark ? '' 
 timothy , concentrating deeply on the task before him , responds , `` we order them from a science magazine . '' 
 `` is it true that sharks do n't get cancer ? '' 
 `` they do get cancer , but at a much lower rate than other mammals and fish . '' 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 `` sharks have natural defenses in the helix of their dna strand which fight carcinogens . '' 
 peter then looks up at the large television screen above timothy 's workstation . 
 it displays many detailed charts and tables with which peter 's unfamiliar . 
 he asks , `` what is all that on the monitor ? '' 
 `` that 's the latest data released by the california cancer and research laboratory . '' 
 `` what do you do with it ? '' 
 continuing to dissect the shark , timothy answers , `` i 'm confirming some of their results . '' 
 peter raises his eyebrows and asks , `` you correspond with them ? '' 
 `` only if i catch an error . '' 
 `` do they make errors ? '' 
 `` everyone makes errors . '' 
 `` and they listen to you ? '' 
 timothy wipes the scalpel on a cloth , then uses it to peck some keys on the keypad operating the monitor . 
 he brings up an email and enlarges it , then returns to his dissection work . 
 peter reads the email . 
 it says : mr. hutchins , thank you for drawing our attention to the skewed results in our recently published data . 
 we 've finished retesting and have confirmed your results . 
 we hope that you 'll continue to follow our research . 
 we 're all in this together . 
 stan duggins chief of staff ccarl , san diego , ca peter asks , `` do they know how old you are ? '' 
 `` no , but i do n't think they 'd care . 
 i think they just want the most accurate data , no matter where it comes from . '' 
 just then , an email alert pops up on the monitor , and timothy pauses his work to read it . 
 he sets down the scalpel and , without looking at the keyboard , starts typing , saying `` sorry , i have to respond to this . '' 
 peter asks , `` something important ? '' 
 `` it 's from amelia accola . '' 
 `` who 's that , your girlfriend ? '' 
 timothy laughs and says , `` no ... she 's eighty-five and lives in new zealand . '' 
 peter smiles and asks , `` then how did you meet her ? '' 
 `` i have n't . 
 we just communicate on-line . 
 she was a scientist at the switzerland cancer research center . 
 now she has a lab in her house and works there . '' 
 `` really , why ? '' 
 `` the cancer center made her retire about twenty years ago . 
 they said it was because of her age , but there were scientists there older than her . '' 
 `` so , why did they make her leave ? '' 
 `` they thought her theories were implausible . 
 that she was too much of a radical thinker , i guess . '' 
 `` how did you start corresponding with her ? '' 
 `` she publishes a weekly update of her experiments , and i started to follow her progress . '' 
 `` she sounds pretty smart . '' 
 `` oh , she 's brilliant . 
 i started emailing her sixteen months ago . 
 i told her that i thought her theories were intriguing and asked if she would n't mind me paralleling her work . 
 she said it was nice to have someone agree with her . 
 we 've stayed in touch ever since . '' 
 `` are you two making any progress ? '' 
 `` we make a great team . 
 her credentials provide her with the one thing i ca n't get . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` cancer patients and cadavers . '' 
 surprised , peter asks , `` she has access to patients ? '' 
 `` yeah , she still has a small following that want her to treat them ... there are some she ca n't help and when they pass , they donate their body to her for research . '' 
 `` how do you help ? '' 
 `` if i have a hypothesis she thinks is worth investigating , she may test it on a stage 4 patient . '' 
 peter starts to put it together and realizes how this could happen . 
 she 's eighty-five years old , has been searching in vain her whole life for a cure , and has little time left to find it . 
 she also has patients with stage 4 cancer who know they 're going to die soon and are willing to try anything . 
 they probably know it wo n't work but feel they may be pioneering something to help others in the future . 
 peter says , `` makes sense . 
 so you have a hypothesis of your own ? '' 
 `` i have a few . '' 
 `` does amelia accola know how old you are ? '' 
 `` she never asked . 
 but i 've found that revealing my age to other scientists on the internet usually ends the correspondence . '' 
 peter smiles and asks , `` do you think we 'll ever find the cure for cancer ? '' 
 as timothy peers inside the shark 's stomach with a scalpel in his left hand , he begins to type vigorously on the keypad with his right . 
 he says , `` first , you must ask : is there a cure for cancer ? 
 if the answer is yes , i think man will find the cure in ten to fifteen years . '' 
 fascinated , peter asks , `` do you believe there 's a cure ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 `` so you believe cancer will be curable that soon ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you think you 'll be the one to find the cure ? '' 
 timothy pauses his work , looks up at peter and says , `` it would be arrogant of me to think that of all the scientists on the planet , i would be the one to crack the code . '' 
 `` how do you think it will be found ? '' 
 `` there are three likely scenarios to finding the cure . 
 first , someone in a lab stumbles upon it and is smart enough to know what he or she is looking at . 
 many drugs are found this way . 
 second , someone has an epiphany ... a brilliant , or semi-brilliant , scientist has a flash of genius . 
 usually these occur when they 're not even working in the lab . 
 most people are in their deepest thought while lying in bed thinking or sitting alone absorbed in thought . 
 that scenario would have to come from someone fully invested and consumed by the passion for cancer research . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` and the third ? '' 
 `` the third is a not too popular theory of my own : the cure for cancer is already on the internet . 
 all the pieces of the puzzle are there in the published data , waiting for someone to put it together . 
 i believe when the cure is found , it 'll only be a short time before the dots are connected and scientists will realize the answer was right in front of them ; that it was a combination of several hypothesis and theories put out by many researchers , until one of them had the foresight to put all the pieces together . 
 it must be an extremely complex theorem or it would have been found by now . '' 
 peter says , `` i 'm astounded . 
 which scenario do you fall into ? '' 
 timothy shrugs and says , `` we 'll have to see . '' 
 `` you 're just being humble . '' 
 `` well , i think i 'll be smart enough to know what i 'm looking at if i stumble upon the cure by chance . 
 i could also see myself having a flash of genius since i 'm so immersed in this search ... '' peter prods , `` and the third one ... finding it on the internet ? '' 
 `` to find the cure in one of the first two scenarios , i would have no better or worse chance than any of the thousands of scientists and researchers around the world . 
 but regarding the internet theory , i 'm different than most . 
 my gift is reading , absorbing , retaining and accessing . 
 if the cure for cancer were to be found in the third scenario , i like my chances . '' 
 he pauses , then says , `` anyway , i 've talked your ear off . '' 
 `` not at all . 
 i 'm glad i came down here . 
 i 've learned a lot . '' 
 timothy takes off his gloves and stands up to shake peter 's hand . 
 surprised by timothy 's height , peter says , `` wow , you 're tall . '' 
 `` yeah , about six foot . '' 
 peter shakes timothy 's hand and says goodbye . 
 he then walks back upstairs to the party and approaches scott , who 's talking to a couple , john and nicole . 
 still in awe from his encounter with timothy , he walks up to scott and says , `` my goodness . '' 
 scott says , `` you got an eyeful down there , huh ? 
 before peter can answer , brooke calls scott 's name from the kitchen . 
 scott says , `` will you excuse me for a moment ? 
 i have to help brooke . '' 
 as scott leaves , nicole asks , `` got an eyeful of what ? '' 
 ignoring her question , peter asks her , `` your son goes to school with timothy right ? '' 
 john and nicole both respond , `` yes . '' 
 then nicole looks around to make sure scott and brooke ca n't hear her before whispering , `` it ' a shame how none of the kids want to hang around timothy . 
 he does n't play any sports . 
 they should really think about getting him into football or something . '' 
 peter looks at her with a strange look on his face and does n't respond . 
 he begins to smile . 
 he tries to stop himself , but he ca n't , and bursts out laughing . 
 john and nicole look at each other , confused . 
 peter ca n't control his laughter and knows it 's completely inappropriate , but he can not ignore this women 's shortsighted ignorance and her complete dismissal of timothy 's incredible brain power . 
 he imagines timothy in full pads on a football field getting laid out by a linebacker in a helmet to helmet collision . 
 he laughs harder , which thwarts any chance he had of regaining his composure . 
 there 's only one thing he can do . 
 he excuses himself and leaves the room . 
 months later . 
 having long since given up on timothy coming up to his bedroom to sleep , scott and brooke have put a bed in his lab for him . 
 they know sleep eludes him . 
 he has always forgone traditional sleep patterns and found what little sleep he requires through micro-sleep . 
 they 've researched this subject enough to know that this is how his mind and body work best , and they 've chosen not to treat it as a problem until it becomes a problem . 
 it 's 3:00 a.m. , and timothy is still working in his basement lab . 
 he 's reading some research on the internet when his eyes start to get heavy . 
 he lays his forehead down on his desk and quickly drifts to sleep . 
 timothy 's sleep usually happens in spurts , rather than a single block of time . 
 he usually wakes up in fifty to sixty minutes , but feels more refreshed when he gets an hour and a half . 
 a recurring dream invades his sleep . 
 he has several theories about this dream , but remains puzzled about its meaning . 
 he ca n't understand why his dream is so different from what his conscious mind absorbs every day . 
 having read many reports about dreams , he 's found no answers as to what causes the same dream to be played over and over . 
 after awhile , timothy wakens and looks at the clock . 
 he thinks , fifty-four minutes ... that 's good , as he takes a moment to reflect on any new images in his dream . 
 as usual , there were none . 
 he gets his bearings straight and logs onto his laptop , checking his email list serve to see if any new data has been posted . 
 seeing that there 's nothing new , he continues reading an article on sharks that he started earlier . 
 later that week , as a rare treat to themselves , scott , brooke , and timothy go out to dinner at le niche , a local upscale restaurant specializing in french cuisine . 
 scott and timothy both wear a suit and tie , and brooke wears a classic black dress . 
 they all share an appetizer of escargot , as they talk about their day . 
 scott shares , `` i had a terrible dream last night . 
 i was falling . 
 it was so real . '' 
 brooke replies , `` it must have been . 
 i have n't heard you scream like that since you saw that huge spider in the kitchen sink last year . '' 
 she looks at timothy and they both laugh . 
 scott mumbles , `` i did n't scream ... did i ? 
 i think it was more like a howl . '' 
 brooke and timothy continue laughing . 
 scott smiles , enjoying the moment . 
 brooke gains her composure and says , `` what about you , timothy ? 
 do you ever have bad dreams ? '' 
 timothy answers , `` no ... not bad dreams . '' 
 scott asks , `` what do you dream about ? '' 
 `` just your typical dreams i guess . '' 
 brooke interjects , `` well tell us about one . '' 
 timothy remains silent , contemplative . 
 prodding for more dialogue , brooke says , `` if you do n't tell us we 'll have to take your lab away for a week . '' 
 timothy looks at her , wondering if she 's serious . 
 brooke ca n't hold a straight face anymore and starts laughing . 
 scott joins her . 
 timothy smiles , realizing it 's a joke . 
 pressing timothy further , scott says , `` well , what 's it gon na be ? 
 tell us a dream or lose the lab for a week . '' 
 brooke and scott laugh again . 
 timothy just smiles , shaking his head . 
 finally he says , `` i usually have the same dream . '' 
 surprised by that answer , brooke asks , `` with all you think about ? 
 you have the same dream over and over ? '' 
 `` i 've given up trying to rationalize it . '' 
 scott asks , `` well , what is the dream ? '' 
 timothy pauses for a moment before answering , `` it 's a little strange . '' 
 scott and brooke say , `` tell us , '' in unison . 
 `` i dream about a tiger running on a beach . '' 
 brooke and scott glance at one another and look confused . 
 brooke breaks the silence , `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 scott says , `` you must have other dreams ... '' timothy shakes his head , `` none that i can remember . '' 
 brooke states , `` that is a strange dream . 
 how long have you been having it ? '' 
 `` for as long as i can remember . '' 
 brooke asks , `` do tigers even live near beaches ? '' 
 timothy answers , `` it 's very rare . '' 
 brooke asks , `` is he chasing you ? '' 
 `` no , he does n't see me ... and he would n't attack me if he did ... he 's just happy . '' 
 scott asks , `` how do you know he 's happy ? '' 
 timothy thinks about this and , after a short pause , answers , `` i can see it in his eyes . '' 
 scott says , `` that sounds like a pretty cool dream . 
 it sure sounds better than the one i had last night . 
 i was on a building and ... '' just then , they hear a commotion on the other side of the restaurant . 
 a man is performing the heimlich maneuver on another patron who 's choking . 
 he has a hold of the man from behind , in a bear hug , and is frantically pulling his fists into the man 's upper stomach . 
 everyone in the restaurant gasps , as they watch his unsuccessful attempts . 
 timothy , scott , and brooke stand up and walk briskly towards the event . 
 a woman in an evening gown is screaming with her hands covering her face . 
 she cries out , `` please help him ! '' 
 a large , burly patron sees that the man performing the heimlich is becoming exhausted and says anxiously , `` let me try ! '' 
 he quickly takes over and positions himself exactly as the previous man , making sure his fists are directly under the choking man 's rib cage . 
 he wastes no time , thrusting his fists in a pulling action , trying to dislodge whatever is choking him . 
 he gives several thrusts as the other restaurant patrons become more agitated . 
 the victim is turning blue . 
 two women are holding his wife as she screams , realizing her husband is dying before her very eyes . 
 the large man digs deeper in his hold and lifts the man up off the ground . 
 he is thrusting with everything he has , knowing he 's losing the battle . 
 the patrons begin to scream and cry as they watch the light flicker from the choking man 's eyes . 
 the wife drops to her knees and , with her hands clenched together , screams `` please god ! 
 please ! '' 
 the burly man continues to thrust his hands into the victim 's abdomen , shaking his head to indicate it 's not working . 
 the choking man becomes unconscious . 
 covered in sweat and completely out of breath , he finally lays the victim face up on the floor in defeat . 
 he hunches over the man with his hands on his knees , exhausted . 
 just then timothy appears , holding a steak knife and coat hanger in his hands , and he quickly kneels next to the victim 's head . 
 he tosses the coat hanger to scott and says , `` straighten that out ! '' 
 then he quickly makes a half-inch incision in the man 's trachea with the steak knife and puts his hand out for the hanger . 
 scott quickly hands him the straightened out hanger . 
 brooke has her hands clenched together and whispers to herself , `` c’mon , timothy . '' 
 timothy pokes the wire into the small incision he made in the man 's throat and starts to snake it up . 
 looking inside the man 's mouth , he sees the chunk of food appear in the back of his throat . 
 he holds the hanger with his left hand to keep the food in place where he can reach it and uses his right index finger and thumb to pull out a chunk of steak . 
 he gives it a slight toss and gently pulls the coat hanger out of the incision . 
 timothy directs scott to hold a napkin firmly over the incision so air wo n't escape . 
 he then begins to administer mouth-to-mouth resuscitation . 
 he pinches the man 's nose closed and begins breathing into his mouth . 
 the man 's wife is on her knees whimpering and saying , `` please ... please , '' as timothy takes deep breaths of air and introduces them into the man 's mouth , trying to get him to breathe . 
 all of a sudden , the victim coughs , spraying timothy 's face with blood . 
 surprised , timothy falls backwards . 
 as the man continues coughing , the owner of the restaurant kneels next to him , looking at timothy in awe . 
 just then , the paramedics rush in and take over . 
 timothy wearily stands up , watching the blue slowly dissipate from the man 's face . 
 the man takes deep breathes , as his wife cries and clutches his hand . 
 one of the staff slowly starts to clap , a couple more join in , and then everyone starts clapping . 
 timothy hardly hears the applause , too overwhelmed to notice . 
 he 's thinking about how quickly life can be taken away . 
 brooke hands timothy a napkin and he starts wiping the blood off his face . 
 with tears in her eyes , she whispers , `` nice job , honey ! '' 
 scott rubs the back of timothy 's head and says `` that was incredible , son . '' 
 as the paramedics rush in and take over , timothy , still a bit dazed , says , `` i did n't sterilize the knife or the coat hanger ... '' scott and brooke laugh softly , beaming with pride . 
 one year later . 
 timothy 's first year of high school in silverton , colorado halfway through the fall semester , timothy enters the high school science fair . 
 on the day of the fair , timothy sets up his booth in the gymnasium . 
 he keeps the display simple , offering nothing more than a long table with seven small individual poster boards standing upright upon it . 
 a banner hanging from the front of the table displays the title of his project : seven potential cures for cancer . 
 each small poster board has a precise description of a particular theory . 
 people slowly walk by and look at it for a moment , before continuing on to the next booth . 
 timothy sits in his chair reading an update from a boston university research site . 
 a short time later , the five science fair judges approach his table . 
 timothy , not noticing their presence , continues to read . 
 one of the judges smiles at the others and playfully asks , `` any of these theories work ? '' 
 timothy lifts his head , looks at the man who asked the question , and says confidently , `` one of them is close . '' 
 all of them look at each other and smirk , playing along . 
 another judge asks , `` which one ? '' 
 timothy shrugs , `` it 's hard to say . '' 
 a judge asks , `` which one is your front runner ? 
 timothy responds , `` if i had to guess , i would say number five . '' 
 they all focus on number five and begin to read it . 
 it states : to fight carcinogens , sharks have natural defenses in their dna helix that prevent oxidizing agents from creating double strand breaks . 
 the hypothesis is this : shark rna polymerase is paired with human pseudo-genes . 
 this produces a chromatin protein . 
 the b-dna is dehydrated into a larger a-dna , and this protein is then introduced into the helix . 
 it is intentionally too large for the grooves in the helix . 
 by inducing negative super coiling to the helix , thereby unwinding the dna strand , the chromatin protein will now fit . 
 then , positive super coiling is introduced to the helix , thereby re-winding it . 
 the protein then finds the g-quadruplex structure of the telomere and travels down the helix . 
 it 's propelled by its interaction with the oxygen , which kick starts mutation of new genes through gene duplication and divergence . 
 the new helix is then able to bind the fragmented dna sequences and bolster healthy cell growth , thereby halting cancer growth . 
 the judges finish reading and look at one another , bewildered . 
 one judge smiles and jokingly asks , `` would this be an over-the-counter drug ? '' 
 the judges break out laughing . 
 timothy smiles , appreciating a good joke when he hears one . 
 when the laughter dies down , timothy says , `` not over-the-counter , but once perfected in its third or fourth generation , i could see it being no more than a series of injections administered by a registered nurse . '' 
 the judges are quiet , not knowing what to say . 
 finally , one of the judges smiles and says , `` impressive , keep up the good work . '' 
 they continue on to the next booth . 
 later , timothy sends an email to amelia accola : amelia , i 've been focusing my attention on a new hypothesis . 
 i know you think outside the box like i do , but you 'll need to expand your boundaries even further on this one . 
 i 'm sending you this in a pdf . 
 tell me what you think . 
 timothy that evening , he receives a response email from amelia : timothy , i 've just finished reading your hypothesis . 
 your theories are progressing into unchartered territory , which is saying a lot coming from me . 
 it 's as though you 're navigating through experiments , without actually conducting the tests . 
 of course this saves years of lab work , but you 're working on assumptions . 
 in your latest theory , i count at least six assumptions that have no documented precedence . 
 this theory would only be plausible if all six assumptions were proven true . 
 your thought process is highly advanced ; there 's no doubt about that . 
 i 'd love to hear how you conceptualized this theory . 
 we should schedule a time for a conference call . 
 amelia timothy replies to her : amelia , you 've always thought the cure for cancer would come from non-traditional thinking . 
 this is n't the time in your long and illustrious career to start thinking inside the box . 
 i 'm entering unchartered territory because the research is taking me there . 
 you and i believe the cure is out there and , if we find it , it 'll be through unwavering commitment and due diligence ; not through a miracle ; not by chance or a lucky break . 
 let 's dig in our heels and pursue this wherever it takes us . 
 timothy later , amelia replies : timothy , it 's as though you were meant for this . 
 i wish i 'd met you twenty years ago . 
 i can feel my body failing me these days . 
 i 've never been afraid to die . 
 death is our god-given right to prove we were alive . 
 but , for the last several months , i have been afraid . 
 i 've devoted my life to this one crusade and have dreamed of one day finding the cure . 
 your progressive thinking is exactly what it will take to find it , and i 'm fully committed to our partnership . 
 to be perfectly honest , my theories have run their course and i have n't had fresh ideas for some time . 
 but i feel rejuvenated after reading your theories and feel like i have a second chance at this . 
 i wake up with a little more pep in my step these days , ready to take the bull by the horns ! 
 i want to thank you for that . 
 i was merely going through the motions , helping patients the best i knew how , but not the best i could . 
 you 'll see a new me from now on . 
 i 've been thinking about your latest hypothesis and , though the theory is complex , the implementation is rather simple . 
 i 'd like to use it to create a drug for testing on one of my stage 4 patients . 
 open the pdf below and give me your thoughts on my projected course . 
 p.s. even though i feel a renewed lease on life these days , how much time i have left on this planet is uncertain . 
 if you find the cure after i 'm gone , i hope you 'll enjoy it - for the both of us . 
 amelia three years later . 
 timothy 's senior year of high school . 
 timothy and amelia have continued testing their experimental drugs on her cancer patients over the past few years . 
 they correspond regularly , but have never met . 
 timothy dreams of one day visiting new zealand and meeting his mentor , but that seems impossible , both for the distance involved , and the fact that he 's still hiding his age from her . 
 amelia has never questioned him about it . 
 she 's always treated him as a respected colleague . 
 she either does n't realize his age , or does n't think it matters . 
 what matters is his knowledge . 
 timothy 's looking forward to graduating and starting college , where he 'll finally have access to more state of the art lab equipment and resources to further his research . 
 until then , he greatly relies on amelia to put his theories into action . 
 chicago , illinois . 
 timothy 's senior year high school trip . 
 timothy , along with twenty-three students and three chaperoning teachers from his high school pile into the lobby of the congress plaza hotel on chicago 's magnificent mile . 
 a teacher says , `` now remember , you are representing silverton east community high school , so i want everyone to be on their best behavior . 
 once we get to the museum , you 'll be given badges , listing your name and high school . 
 if you get lost in the museum , let a security guard know right away so he can find our group . 
 remember , no one , i repeat no one , is allowed to leave the group . 
 this field trip is a privilege . 
 i know you guys are excited to be here . 
 this is an honored tradition for silverton , so let 's show the great city of chicago the respect it deserves and pay homage to its incredible museum of science and industry . 
 the bus will be here in two minutes . '' 
 as the students wait for the bus to arrive , they talk amongst themselves , brimming with energy and anticipation . 
 timothy 's particularly excited . 
 he 's been waiting for this field trip for ten years . 
 he has prepared by reading everything he could find about the museum of science and industry . 
 the students begin filing out the hotel door to the bus . 
 when timothy finally exits , he sees that some of the students have stopped . 
 they 're watching a commotion taking place in front of the adjacent building . 
 a boy is being severely beaten by a gang of eight youths , who are kicking him in the head and body . 
 he stops resisting and just lays there , unconscious , continuing to get pummeled . 
 the chaperones and students scream for help , fearing that the boy may be killed . 
 all of a sudden , timothy bursts through the crowd and runs towards the chaos , as the chaperones scream out , `` no , timothy . 
 no ! '' 
 the students gasp as timothy throws himself onto the victim . 
 the gang members are enraged and one of them screams at timothy , `` you want some of this ? '' 
 the gang begins kicking timothy all over , as he covers the boy with his body , taking the blows . 
 his classmates scream out , `` stop ! '' 
 three chicago police officers come running from across the street . 
 a chaperone cries out , `` help him ! '' 
 the gang continues to kick timothy , as the police dive into the melee . 
 the officers try to subdue the attackers , while timothy lies motionless on the victim . 
 the chaperones pull timothy off and lay him on his back . 
 his face is bludgeoned , and he 's unconscious . 
 a chaperone kneels by his side and says to him , `` an ambulance is on the way ! '' 
 the students are crying and riddled with fear , as sirens can be heard approaching . 
 the following evening in timothy 's hospital room in chicago , his parents are sleeping in chairs next to his bed . 
 it 's nearly midnight , but timothy lies awake . 
 while flipping through the t.v. channels , he becomes riveted by a local news story . 
 the reporter says , `` this is rachel thompson reporting for cns news from the banks of the kankakee river , just south of chicago . 
 there 's growing concern here over the asian carp population which has exploded well beyond any previous projections . 
 scientists are frantically searching for any and all methods to curb the epidemic growth of this invasive fish that 's decimating the game fish population . 
 `` the asian carp species was introduced to the united states approximately thirty-five years ago . 
 these fish were first brought to arkansas in the early 1970 's to filter the pond water of various fish farms . 
 however , through flooding , the carp managed to escape these isolated ponds and have now established dense populations . 
 they 've swiftly spread to twenty-three different states and now threaten the ecological order of the entire great lakes water system . 
 scientists have made numerous attempts to curb the carps ' reproduction , but nothing has worked . 
 the fish are reproducing at alarming rates and , because they 're not native to the u.s. , they have no natural predators living in our waters . 
 experts are afraid that if the carp reach lake michigan , they 'll devastate the game fish population beyond recovery , and the great lakes will be left with nothing but asian carp . 
 scientists are vigorously working to avoid this scenario . 
 until then , we 'll keep you informed on the situation . 
 reporting from the kankakee river , rachel thompson , cns news . '' 
 intrigued , timothy reaches for his laptop and quickly keys the words asian carp into his notes . 
 he then emails amelia : unexpected setback ... cancer research on hold until tomorrow . 
 later , amelia replies : timothy , hope everything 's all right on your end . 
 i 've conducted some tests on cancer cells and your hypothesis is showing unusual results . 
 some are positive , while others show a negative impact on healthy cells , which is alarming . 
 will continue testing and get back to you . 
 the next day , the mayor of chicago , charles harris , is asked by reporters to comment on the violent incident involving timothy . 
 mayor harris says , `` this is a sad day in chicago . 
 the violence in our city has reached such high levels that a high school boy on a field trip from out of state felt the need to throw himself into a fight between rival gangs . 
 this boy from colorado , with a promising future ahead , almost paid the ultimate price for our inability to curb this systemic problem that plagues our city ... we got lucky . 
 he 's recovering at northwestern hospital with broken ribs , a broken jaw , and a shattered cheekbone . 
 thank god there were no guns involved , and he was n't shot . 
 this boy , timothy hutchins , learned a lesson about our beautiful city . 
 gang violence is a common occurrence here , and we 've unfortunately started to become numb to it . 
 we ca n't let that happen . 
 let 's not welcome visitors to our city this way any longer . 
 what 's it going to take for us to open our eyes and put an end to this violence ? 
 it sickens me ... '' with that , mayor harris angrily walks away . 
 when they get back to colorado earlier than planned , timothy 's classmates are talking , texting , and posting messages online about the incident . 
 he reads a few of them . 
 they read : why did we have to come home early ? 
 good job , timothy ! 
 the kid that got beat up probably deserved it . 
 the news said he has a criminal record and he dropped out of school two years ago . 
 i was really looking forward to that trip timothy . 
 that so-called victim will probably be in jail by his eighteenth birthday . 
 thanks a lot ! 
 i read that the kid who was getting the beat down is a gangbanger , just like the others . 
 he was n't worth it . 
 after reading the reactions of some his classmates , timothy posts a statement on his high school 's web page message board . 
 it reads : you say the kid in chicago was n't worth it . 
 he knows no one thinks he 's worth it . 
 it 's tragic that some people on this planet are living day to day on false hopes and broken dreams . 
 what this boy does n't know is : he is worth it and he could turn it all around and become someone he never thought he could be . 
 it just takes a spark ; perhaps a role model in the neighborhood , a teacher that comes to his house and asks him to return to school , his grandmother giving him love and guidance , or perhaps a simple act of kindness from a stranger . 
 any one of these things could be the small ounce of faith that he needs to start over . 
 it sounds like everyone has written him off , but i have not . 
 he 's a young man who 's lost and needs help to find his way . 
 i hope he finds it . 
 i had dreamed of going to the museum of science and industry in chicago for ten years . 
 i could n't wait to walk through the doors of such a historical place . 
 i was twenty minutes away from realizing my dream ... and in the blink of an eye , it vanished . 
 the boy 's name is derek . 
 he was worth it . 
 i regret nothing . 
 days later , after he has recovered further , timothy emails amelia : amelia , things have been tough for me here lately . 
 i 'll explain later , but let 's just say i 've become a bit of an outcast . 
 now i know how quasimodo felt . 
 i hope i 'll find my sanctuary soon . 
 where do we stand with the testing ? 
 within the hour , amelia responds : sorry to hear all that , timothy . 
 you 'll have to tell me what happened . 
 remember , even quasimodo finds his esmeralda . 
 the first generation drug is prepared . 
 patient zero is coming in at two today . 
 i 'll refer to her as `` patient zero , '' but her name is alice and i 've known her for about forty years . 
 she 's fifty-four years old and has stage 4 breast cancer . 
 she 's weaker than i 'd like ; i 'm not sure she 'll survive this eight week treatment . 
 unfortunately , she 's the only stage 4 patient i have at the moment . 
 she knows that even if the treatment proves effective it likely has n't come in time to save her . 
 she only hopes to help someone in the future . 
 i 'll do ct scans and lab work weekly until her demise . 
 later that week timothy is giving a speech in front of his class . 
 looking at the students as he wraps up the speech , he closes with , `` if the word news truly stands for north , east , west and south , then the agencies that provide the news should focus more of their attention on developing countries , which are a global concern for all of us . '' 
 half the class looks bored and asleep ; the other half claps . 
 that evening , amelia emails timothy : i 'm getting ready for the second round of injections on patient zero . 
 in the meantime , there 's a problem taking place here that i think i should bring to your attention . 
 the authorities have been to my house to question me about one of my patients from a past study . 
 her children filed a complaint with the local authorities saying that my radical treatment brought about their mother 's death in an expedited manner . 
 they feel she was deprived of the six months that other doctors had predicted her to live . 
 the detectives asked for a copy of the legal waiver that i had her sign prior to my treatments , and they left with that . 
 i hope that 's the end of it . 
 lately , i 've been feeling some guilt . 
 the last few patients from the prior study expired rather quickly , and your theories are moving in so many directions , i 'm getting worried . 
 i thought patient number 3 in the previous testing group showed the most promise upon postmortem lab results , but you completely abandoned that theory to move onto the next . 
 i have great faith in your theories , but i 'm starting to have some doubts . 
 i 'm exhausted , and this police investigation has rattled me . 
 while the scientific community has questioned my thinking at times , they 've never before questioned my morals . 
 i think i need a break . 
 timothy immediately responds to amelia : amelia , i did n't realize you were having doubts and experiencing problems with the patients . 
 i 'm truly sorry to hear all that . 
 i care about you very much . 
 the moral issues you 've been faced with , along with watching patients die , sometimes in your very arms , must 've been extremely difficult to bear . 
 being on the front lines is stressful . 
 i 've been lucky to be in the background . 
 i understand that you need a break , and you deserve one . 
 let 's resume the study at a later time . 
 you can let me know when you 're ready . 
 amelia responds ; timothy , thank you for understanding . 
 i am burnt out , and i do need a break . 
 i 've been consumed for most of my life with trying to find the cure for cancer , and i know what it means to put your nose to the grindstone , forgetting to stop and smell the roses . 
 i 'm feeling pretty well today . 
 i 'd been feeling under the weather lately , but today i feel well . 
 i think i 'll take a walk on the beach . 
 do n't laugh , but although i live near the beach , i have n't walked in the sand for nearly 5 years . 
 i 'll write you again soon . 
 amelia five weeks later timothy 's working in his lab early one morning . 
 he 's reading an article on his laptop when his eyes become heavy . 
 he closes his eyes , lowers his head to his chest , and nods off . 
 it does n't take long before he dreams of the tiger running down the beach . 
 all of a sudden , an email alert pops up and wakes him . 
 he sees it 's a message from amelia and opens it immediately . 
 he 's surprised by what he reads : timothy , walking on the beach has been wonderful , but i could n't stay out the lab completely . 
 i 've been continuing the injections on patient zero . 
 the mammogram is showing an abnormally decreased level of cancer cells . 
 more so than if the cancer were naturally going into remission . 
 that 's the good news . 
 however , her overall condition is deteriorating more rapidly than i expected . 
 i 'm attributing this to the drug . 
 it seems to be depleting her immune system at an alarming rate . 
 she 's extremely weak , and i do n't know how much longer she can hold out . 
 i 've moved her into my home so i can better care for her . 
 i 'm having trouble with the physical demands of caring for the both of us , but the positive mammogram results have raised my spirits tremendously . 
 i 'm administering the last round of injections tuesday at 2:00 pm . 
 will update you shortly . 
 amelia timothy replies : amelia , i 'm stunned . 
 i had no idea you were continuing with the injections . 
 it sounds like we 're back in business , and i 'm so pleased to hear it . 
 but i 'm sorry to hear about your struggles with patient zero . 
 i wish i could be there to help you . 
 please give me more information on her immune deficiency . 
 has her cd4 cell count fallen below 250 cells/mm3 ? 
 amelia replies : timothy , of course we are back in business ! 
 i should have told you sooner that i decided to continue testing . 
 i 'm sending you a pdf of the immune deficiency indicators , so you can try to figure out what 's causing her cd4 level to drop . 
 the next day scott , brooke , and timothy are returning home after attending church . 
 they pull into the driveway , and timothy jumps out as soon as the car stops moving and rushes towards the house . 
 brooke laughs and calls out , `` easy , buddy . '' 
 timothy races through the door and down the basement stairs to check if he received an email from amelia . 
 he 's surprised to see there 's not one there ... he 's worried that something 's gone wrong . 
 he emails amelia : amelia , did you get my reply to your pdf on the cd4 levels ? 
 i need the blood work results asap . 
 i have some thoughts on the immune deficiency , but ca n't progress without the results . 
 email them to me as soon as you can . 
 i 'm on pins and needles ! 
 a few hours later , brooke brings a sandwich down to timothy and asks , `` any word yet ? '' 
 timothy shakes his head and says , `` something 's wrong . 
 i just know it . '' 
 `` i 'm sure there 's a good reason why she has n't responded yet . 
 have faith , honey . '' 
 brooke goes back upstairs and joins scott to watch the evening news . 
 as the news anchor wraps up a segment , he says , `` and on a side note , renowned researcher , amelia accola , died this morning in her home in new zealand . 
 as you may recall , accola gained much notoriety in the 1980 's when she made great strides in cancer research . 
 but in the past twenty-five years , she became a recluse and remained out of the spotlight . 
 another unidentified woman was also found dead in accola 's home . 
 officials say there 's no sign of foul play . 
 but the causes of death have not yet been disclosed . 
 amelia accola was eighty-nine years old . '' 
 scott and brooke look at each other with mouths agape . 
 they bolt up and rush down to the basement . 
 they find timothy lying face down on the floor with his head in his hands , crying softly . 
 chapter two years later . 
 mountain state university in aurora , colorado . 
 having finished his undergraduate studies early through the university 's advanced program in medical education , timothy has begun his first year of medical school at mountain state university -lrb- msu -rrb- in aurora , colorado . 
 he decided on msu for both undergrad and graduate studies , due not only to its proximity to his parents , but also for its outstanding medical school and research facilities . 
 in particular , msu hospital is one of top cancer treatment hospitals in the country , and their medical students have access to a wide variety of cancer patients , a benefit which was especially attractive to timothy . 
 as a young adult , timothy has grown into a fine looking man . 
 he 's sprouted to a height of six foot four , and people always notice him . 
 although he does n't spend time in the gym , he 's strong and has broad shoulders . 
 he prefers to be casually dressed most of the time ; jeans and a tee shirt are his standard . 
 beneath his thick head of wavy , sandy brown hair , his hazel eyes have a calming effect . 
 he looks people in the eyes when speaking to them , and seems to be peering inside their minds . 
 although timothy 's life is ruled by science , he 's oddly spiritual . 
 he feels a strong connection to creatures or people in need , and ever since he was young , has always had a desire to help those who can not help themselves . 
 his dorm room is sparse , just the essentials ; though timothy 's essentials are a bit different than most grad students . 
 no t.v. or fancy stereo system - just a bed , desk , plenty of lab equipment and a state of the art computer . 
 his computer is his most valuable possession , connecting him to the entire world . 
 timothy has come to terms with the fact that his mind functions differently than others . 
 he knows that he is different . 
 his mind is like a sponge , absorbing information and then compartmentalizing even the smallest nuances . 
 he takes in and processes every bit of information . 
 when he was younger , he would secretly race other kids who were reading the same book in class and would read an average of twenty pages to their one . 
 he knows his eyes and mind focus on explicit and descriptive words more so than filler words . 
 the most important words somehow appear bolder to him . 
 numbers and formulas appear with even more emphasis . 
 timothy can not explain this phenomenon . 
 he has researched clinical studies to shed some light on the subject , but eventually quit wondering how or why his mind performs this way . 
 he knows it 's a gift , and he pushes it to the limit . 
 timothy 's first day of medical school at msu a professor walks into timothy 's first anatomy class and introduces himself , `` good morning . 
 i hope you 're all surviving your first week of med school . 
 i 'm dr. martin wilson , and i 'll be your anatomy professor this year . 
 i 'm sure that most of you chose to attend this medical school because of our renowned university hospital . 
 as most of you know , we 've just gone through a three hundred million dollar renovation of the hospital and laboratories . 
 as first year students , you 'll have access to the most advanced state of the art technology and equipment available . 
 you 'll be working side by side with top physicians in one of the state 's top hospitals and one of the nation 's top cancer treatment and research facilities . 
 many of the professors and researchers here on staff have developed experimental drugs which are being tested on patients . 
 there are also two fourth-year students here at the university who are preparing their own experimental drugs for testing . 
 `` fifty-five percent of all patients in this hospital have some form of cancer . 
 these cases range in levels of severity and complexity ; some are stage 1 , others stage 4 . 
 you will eventually work with some of these patients . 
 however , the majority of your time will be spent in the laboratory . 
 you 'll have access to cadavers ; those of people who have donated their bodies to science , and hence to the university . 
 `` i know that one of you , mr. hutchins , has double-majored in biology and bioengineering at our adjacent undergraduate campus , and you 'll still have access to our biology lab over there . 
 where 's timothy hutchins ? '' 
 timothy raises his hand . 
 dr. wilson studies timothy for a moment , then says , `` timothy , you 'll have the opportunity to supplement your medical school studies by continuing your biological research in our bio labs on the undergrad campus . 
 your former professor , dr. bradley , informs me that you have a fascination with sharks . 
 is that true ? '' 
 timothy answers , `` yes it is . '' 
 dr. wilson smiles and asks , `` swimming with or dissection of ? '' 
 the class laughs . 
 `` just dissection , sir , '' timothy responds . 
 dr. wilson says , `` i was just making sure you were n't that intoxicated undergrad who somehow ended up in the biology lab shark pool last year . '' 
 the class laughs , and timothy smiles and shakes his head , `` not me ... '' then , addressing the class as a whole , dr. wilson reveals , `` for the past seventeen years , i have begun this course by checking each student 's aptitude with a pop quiz . '' 
 the students let out a collective groan , and he says , `` i know ... i know ... but this will not count towards your grade . 
 some of you may even enjoy it . 
 this quiz has had the same questions for seventeen years , and i call it ` the humbler ' ... because it will humble you . '' 
 with that , he begins to hand a stack of exams to the first student in each row , then continues , `` this test will take you anywhere from one to two hours to complete . 
 the best score to date was achieved twelve years ago by a student named david granville who scored seventy-two percent . 
 the average score is thirty-four percent . 
 again , this quiz will not count towards your grade . '' 
 as the students pass around the exams , timothy discreetly reads the latest research results published by the california cancer and research laboratory -lrb- ccarl -rrb- in a science magazine . 
 the exam finally makes it to his desk and he slides it under the magazine , continuing to read the article . 
 the students begin to take the exam . 
 realizing the degree of difficulty involved , they look up and glance at one another nervously . 
 the exam is entirely in essay format , with no possibility of lucky guessing . 
 after a few minutes , timothy finishes the article he 's reading , closes the magazine and begins the exam . 
 he completes the test in a little over an hour . 
 he notices that he 's the first one done . 
 he drops the exam on the professor 's desk and waits . 
 dr. wilson smiles at him and says , `` thanks . 
 if you 're finished , you can leave for the day . '' 
 timothy says , `` see you tomorrow , '' and walks out . 
 on his way to the cafeteria , he sends a text to his mom that reads : med school 's a joke . 
 let 's get our money back . 
 lol have to remind myself i 'm only here for cancer patients , alive and dead , and ... free sharks . 
 the next day , timothy and his classmates are in class awaiting dr. wilson , and the results of ` the humbler ' exam . 
 timothy 's on the internet reading a cancer research study put out by a swiss research firm . 
 according to the publication , the firm has terminated a certain area of their research because it failed to produce positive results . 
 they 're now focusing their attention in another direction . 
 timothy thinks to himself , i could have saved you five years by telling you that was n't going to work . 
 dr. wilson walks into the class and opens his briefcase . 
 he pulls out the graded exams and says to the class , `` well , congratulations , this class is actually pretty smart . 
 your average score is the highest i 've ever had , thirty-seven percent . 
 i 'm inspired . 
 it 's going to be a great semester . '' 
 looking down at the papers he asks , `` where is michelle lee ? '' 
 a young woman in the third row raises her hand . 
 dr. wilson smiles and says , `` michelle , my dear , you scored an all-time high of seventy-four percent . 
 very impressive . '' 
 his words are followed by polite applause , as the other students wonder how badly they performed on the exam . 
 `` now , i want you to enjoy this moment . 
 this is a joyous occasion for you , i 'm sure . 
 the last record stood for twelve years , and you 've surpassed it . '' 
 michelle smiles with pride . 
 `` however , '' dr. wilson continues , `` i have some bad news for you . 
 your record only stood for twelve seconds . '' 
 michelle frowns and looks confused , as do the others . 
 dr. wilson then says , `` timothy hutchins ... would you come down here please ? '' 
 startled , timothy looks up . 
 he does n't know what 's going on and is nervous that he 's in trouble for not listening . 
 reluctantly , he stands up and walks down the stairs to the instructor . 
 dr. wilson looks up at him and asks , `` how tall are you ? '' 
 `` six-foot four , '' timothy replies , still unsure about what 's going on . 
 `` do you play basketball ? '' 
 `` no , sir . '' 
 turning towards the rest of the class , dr. wilson says , `` class , we have a new all-time high that will surely never be broken . 
 timothy here received a perfect score on the exam , one hundred percent . '' 
 the students look at each other in disbelief . 
 dr. wilson continues , `` timothy , i 'm not sure how you pulled it off , but congratulations . '' 
 the stunned students begin clapping . 
 timothy just nods his head . 
 dr. wilson hands him his test , and asks , `` do you have anything you want to say to the class ? '' 
 timothy searches for a response . 
 finally , he shrugs and says jokingly , `` i suppose all my lucky guesses paid off . '' 
 the students laugh , and dr. wilson cheerfully slaps him on the back , saying `` good guessing then . '' 
 later that week , timothy is awaiting the arrival of dr. wilson in the laboratory , where his anatomy class is meeting . 
 dr. wilson enters the room and greets the students . 
 after they 've been assigned a station in the lab , he announces , `` these cadavers were cancer patients at our hospital . 
 i believe they donated their bodies to science in the hope that their death may help to save someone else 's life . '' 
 as professor wilson speaks , timothy is brimming with excitement . 
 he 's more than ready to perform his first dissection of a human , having dreamed of this day for many years . 
 while listening to the instructions , he studies the cadaver in front of him . 
 he has always wondered how he 'd feel before his first chest incision . 
 he does n't need to wonder any longer . 
 professor wilson instructs the class to begin the incision . 
 timothy takes a deep breath , inhaling the pungent aroma of formaldehyde , and thinks to himself , i was made for this . 
 that evening , timothy sends amelia a posthumous email : amelia , performed my first cadaver dissection today . 
 i think you would have been proud of me . 
 hope you are watching . 
 as usual , the email gets returned . 
 as the semester progresses , timothy finds it easy to keep up with his classes , so he spends a significant amount of time conducting his own research and reading . 
 several weeks into the semester , dr. wilson is walking through the lab one day to inspect the students ' work . 
 he makes his way over to timothy , who 's studying a cadaver with breast cancer . 
 dr. wilson briefly observes timothy 's technique and says , `` i 've noticed that you have n't been requesting any pancreatic or prostate cancer victims . '' 
 timothy replies , `` if you do n't mind , i 'd like to focus my attention on breast cancer . 
 would that be all right ? '' 
 `` that should be fine , continue on . '' 
 as dr. wilson continues to walk , he remembers something . 
 he turns around and asks , `` tim , do you ever sleep ? '' 
 timothy is confused by the question at first , but then puts it together . 
 he answers , `` my sleep habits could use a little work . '' 
 `` teri , the night security guard , said you bring him sandwiches and coffee in the middle of the night . '' 
 `` i noticed the doors were n't locked , so i thought that on nights i could n't sleep , i could ... keep it rolling , so to speak . 
 i 'm probably overstepping my boundaries a little . '' 
 dr. wilson laughs and says , `` you remind me of me when i was your age . 
 i like your enthusiasm . '' 
 he starts to walk away and , without turning back , says , `` teri said he prefers the turkey over the ham . '' 
 timothy smiles widely and says , `` ok , i 'll remember that . '' 
 a few days later , timothy 's studying in the lab when a professor approaches him and asks , `` timothy hutchins ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` my name 's jerry marcuson . 
 i know you were a biology major . 
 your former biology professor , dr. bradley , told me that he was just contacted by the colorado state zoo . 
 they said they 're going to be euthanizing one of their adult female tigers , and they asked if the university would like it for dissection . 
 dr. bradley thought of you right away . 
 he said you may find this a unique opportunity . '' 
 timothy is euphoric . 
 dozens of thoughts run through his mind at once . 
 he looks at the professor , trying to mask his excitement , and asks , `` sure , when will it be available ? '' 
 `` tomorrow at 2:00 pm . 
 could you take a university van and pick it up ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 after the professor walks away , timothy puts his head down on the lab table . 
 he ca n't explain his dreams of the tiger running on the beach , but he has always felt an inexplicable connection to the creature . 
 he wonders if this opportunity can bring him some answers . 
 timothy enters the lab that night and sees teri , the security guard , patrolling the hallways . 
 timothy walks up to him and says , `` turkey , '' as he hands him a sandwich and a coffee . 
 teri accepts the food and says , `` thanks ... you know , the first time i saw you in here walking around in the dark , i called for backup . '' 
 timothy smiles , `` really ? '' 
 `` they said , ` put him in cuffs till we get there . ' 
 so i radioed back , ` this guy 's real big and if he does n't want cuffs put on him , it 's gon na go south fast . '' ' 
 timothy laughs and asks , `` why did n't they show up ? '' 
 `` i called them off when i saw your id badge on the counter . '' 
 `` lucky for me . '' 
 teri raises up his sandwich and says , `` no ... lucky for me . '' 
 the next afternoon , timothy pulls up to a back gate at the colorado state zoo in denver . 
 the security guard asks for his id , glances at it , and says , `` follow this road to the right until you see the animal hospital . 
 back up to the door marked e7 . '' 
 timothy nods and the guard opens the gate . 
 timothy navigates his way to the brick building and parks . 
 when he walks into door e7 , he 's greeted by the curator of the zoo , who asks , `` are you from mountain state university ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm timothy hutchins , '' he says , as he extends his hand . 
 shaking his hand , the curator responds , `` i 'm paul mccoy . 
 we 're getting ready to euthanize her right now . 
 it 's going to take a little longer than i thought , so can you bear with us for a moment ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` you can walk around the zoo and come back here in about half an hour . '' 
 `` sure , thanks , '' timothy responds , as paul walks out of the room . 
 timothy starts to leave , but pauses when he hears some faint crying . 
 curious , he turns around and slowly makes his way towards the back room . 
 not wanting to intrude , he peers through a partially open doorway where he sees a tiger lying motionless on an exam table . 
 although he 's always been fascinated with the animal , he has never been this close to one , and he 's in awe . 
 he studies the animal , thinking this must be one of god 's most beautiful creations . 
 turning his attention away from the cat , timothy notices paul standing next to the table , along with a woman . 
 he has his hand on her shoulder , and she silently sobs while gently stroking the tiger 's side . 
 timothy 's blanketed with sorrow as he watches them say goodbye to an old friend . 
 to his surprise , the tiger lets out a dull roar . 
 timothy quietly backs up and leaves the building , allowing them to mourn in private . 
 timothy takes his time walking around the zoo . 
 eventually , he reaches the tiger pen , where he sees an adult male lying on top of a manmade boulder . 
 he feels remorse for the tiger , who 's unknowingly about to lose its mate . 
 looking closer , timothy notices that the male tiger is much larger than the female . 
 strength and power seem to ooze out of its every muscle . 
 suddenly , the great cat stands up , leaps off the rock , and begins to pace the length of its enclosure . 
 timothy stares at the animal with admiration , wondering how someone could line up one of these beautiful creatures in the crosshairs of a scope and pull the trigger . 
 his prolonged stare has attracted the creature 's attention . 
 the tiger lies back down and returns timothy 's gaze . 
 he can almost feel the tiger 's eyes piercing his soul , as it watches him closely . 
 he begins to feel a personal connection to the tiger and wonders if he feels it too . 
 he knows this is improbable , yet there 's no doubt that the tiger 's staring directly at him . 
 after a moment , timothy hears a faint voice . 
 he waits and hears it again . 
 a little girl next to him repeats her question , `` why 's the tiger staring at you ? '' 
 timothy reluctantly turns his gaze away from the tiger and looks at the girl , `` he probably sees me as the biggest lunch on the menu . '' 
 the little girl laughs and skips away towards her mother and father who are sitting on a nearby bench . 
 just then , paul , the curator of the zoo , walks up and says , `` i thought i might find you here . 
 we have the tiger in your vehicle . '' 
 `` thank you , '' timothy responds solemnly . 
 shaking the curator 's hand , he says , `` i 'm sorry for your loss . 
 i know this must be painful for you . '' 
 `` yes , it was very difficult on all of us ... she was born here in the zoo and we raised her from a cub ... but she was elderly and in a great deal of pain . 
 we did n't want her to suffer any longer . 
 it was time for her to meet her destiny . '' 
 timothy looks paul in the eye and says solemnly , `` maybe her destiny has yet to be determined . '' 
 paul takes a moment to absorb these words , then nods his head , `` i hope so . 
 i like your optimism . '' 
 a few hours after arriving back to campus , timothy begins the dissection of the tiger . 
 this is the first , and likely the last , time he 'll have this opportunity . 
 he removes vital organs from the cat and puts them in separate trays , takes samples of tissues and blood , and examines slides . 
 he recalls information about tigers that he read as a seventh grader ; data he thought lost is revealing itself as he needs it . 
 plowing his way through , he focuses more on the unknown , than the known . 
 he continues working until dawn , when the sun begins to peak through the lab windows . 
 suddenly , the security guard , teri , walks into the room . 
 shocked to see the carnage and empty tiger fur , he yells , `` holy cow ! '' 
 timothy , startled , looks at him and says , `` you scared me . '' 
 `` did that used to be a tiger ? '' 
 `` yes it did . '' 
 `` the students will be here in about 45 minutes . 
 you need help cleaning up ? '' 
 `` i got it . '' 
 `` good , '' teri says , looking in awe at the tiger parts scattered all over . 
 after spending a surreal night focusing entirely on the tiger , timothy returns to his dorm room . 
 although he 's exhausted , his mind 's racing . 
 he finally succumbs to his exhaustion and falls asleep . 
 when he suddenly jolts awake and looks at the clock , he 's surprised to see that he 's been asleep for three hours . 
 he ca n't remember the last time he slept that long in one stretch . 
 and more importantly , he realizes that his recurring dream was strangely absent . 
 this is odd since his last 24 hours has been entirely focused on the subject of his recurring dream . 
 timothy does n't have time to contemplate all this for long . 
 he 's eager to continue analyzing the date he collected last night . 
 he never thought he 'd have a tiger in his own hands , but he 's long believed it may hold the key to something . 
 he quickly showers , grabs a cup of coffee , and gets back to work . 
 ten weeks later . 
 timothy has refocused his attention on cancer research . 
 one afternoon , he sends an email to the california cancer and research laboratory -lrb- ccarl -rrb- to inform them he 's noticed some data discrepancies in their recent publications on shark research . 
 he writes : to chief of staff , dr. stan duggins , ccarl : i believe your recent study , referenced in your data as # 1478ytr , contains possible skewed results . 
 for further explanation , please see the attached pdf . 
 sincerely , timothy hutchins the following day , while timothy 's at school , he receives an e-mail response from stan duggins . 
 it reads : mr. hutchins , i 've come to learn that when you write `` possible skewed results , '' you 're just being polite . 
 thank you for the pdf file . 
 we 're revising the data accordingly . 
 i have an idea . 
 i see you 've been e-mailing us from mountain state university . 
 you must have a good position there . 
 however , we 'd be interested in making you a job offer . 
 i 'm sure it would be substantially more than what you 're presently making at the university . 
 you do n't have to decide now . 
 why do n't you come out to our lab for the weekend and see what we do here . 
 no obligations . 
 we 'd cover all your expenses , and you 'll love what you see . 
 our lab is second to none and right on the ocean . 
 it 's magnificent . 
 we rarely make this kind of offer , but we 've thought about asking you to join us for the past six years or so that you 've been analyzing our results . 
 if you agree to visit us , please e-mail my assistant -lrb- contact info in attachment -rrb- , and he 'll make all the arrangements . 
 as always , thank you for your contributions . 
 stan duggins chief of staff ccarl timothy feels a bit nervous after reading the email . 
 although he 's excited by this prospect , he knows he 's never divulged his age to the center , and stan duggins seems to be assuming that he 's a professor at msu . 
 on the other hand , he has always wanted to visit ccarl and wonders if he should use this opportunity to do so . 
 as he walks to the biology lab , he thinks to himself , i have corrected a lot of their data and i could see myself joining their research center after i graduate . 
 it 's an opportunity i may never get again ; but they 'd most certainly be shocked by my age ... and possibly upset . 
 after corresponding with me for so many years , they wo n't be expecting a 21-year-old . 
 when he reaches the biology lab , he slides his security card across the scanner to open the door and walks towards the shark pool . 
 the pool measures twenty-four feet in diameter , four feet above ground and contains a group of three-foot long sharks which the university uses for dissection . 
 upon seeing timothy walk in , bobby , the student in charge of the shark pool , stops what he 's doing and says , `` how 's it going , timothy ? '' 
 `` good , bobby . 
 how about you ? '' 
 `` great . 
 pick the one you want , i 'll get it for you . '' 
 timothy has his medical bag with him and sets it on the counter . 
 `` thanks , but i can get my own . '' 
 bobby has a look of confusion on his face as timothy takes out a syringe and unwraps it . 
 he sticks the needle into an ampule and begins to draw out the fluid . 
 timothy goes over to the pool and looks for his shark of choice , as they all swim slowly counterclockwise . 
 bobby , now curious , stands next to him to watch . 
 timothy sees the shark he wants , as it navigates its way around the perimeter towards him . 
 he waits for it to get close enough and then gently sticks it with the needle just behind the dorsal fin . 
 he injects the contents of the syringe and says , `` sorry , buddy . '' 
 the shark continues its perimeter path at the same speed , seemingly oblivious to what just happened . 
 its tail moves slower and slower , as it succumbs to the injection . 
 it continues moving forward , propelled by inertia and the whirlpool effect created by the other sharks , and lands in timothy 's hands . 
 he gently picks it up by placing his right hand under the belly and left hand on the tail . 
 he confirms there 's no fight left in the shark and sets it on the floor . 
 bobby asks , `` what 's in that syringe ? '' 
 `` pentobarbitol . '' 
 `` i thought you guys did n't want foreign substances injected into the specimens . 
 and what 's wrong with my method ... laying it on the floor and letting it suffocate ? '' 
 `` you can do that for the other students . '' 
 `` it 's no big deal , timothy . 
 i just pull it out by the fin and plop it down on the floor ... why 'd you use the syringe ? '' 
 timothy thinks a moment and says , `` i just did n't want his last experience on this earth to be so traumatic , like suffocating to death ... i would n't want him to think we were mad at him for something . '' 
 bobby stares at timothy , absorbing what he just said . 
 timothy grabs a plastic bag from the cabinet , kneels down , and puts the shark in the bag . 
 he turns to leave , `` see you later , bobby . '' 
 bobby nods his head and says , `` see ya . '' 
 timothy 's at the door , when bobby calls out , `` hey ... '' timothy stops and looks at him , hoping that he gets it . 
 `` i like your way better . 
 could you get me some of those syringes ? '' 
 timothy smiles , `` sure ... i 'll ask a professor if it 's all right to bring you some . '' 
 two weeks later , dr. wilson walks into the anatomy lab and finds timothy performing a dissection on a cancer cadaver . 
 he asks , `` timothy , remind me what time you leave for california tomorrow ? '' 
 `` hi , dr. wilson . 
 my flight 's at six in the morning . '' 
 raising an eyebrow , he prods , `` you are coming back , right ? '' 
 `` i love this place . 
 of course i 'm coming back . '' 
 `` you know they 're going to make you an offer you ca n't refuse . '' 
 `` i 'm only twenty-one years old and i 'm pretty certain they do n't know that . 
 plus i have everything i need right here . '' 
 `` what do you have here ? '' 
 `` cancer patients , cadavers , and sharks . '' 
 `` you know as well as i do that they have all that too . '' 
 dr. wilson adds . 
 `` and they have enough money to pay for your graduate studies in california . 
 you could work for them and continue school out there . '' 
 timothy sees the professor 's sincerity and knows that he would genuinely miss him . 
 he smiles and says , `` i like it here . 
 you 're most likely stuck with me until i graduate . '' 
 the next day . 
 san diego , california . 
 timothy 's cab approaches the cancer center in san diego , california . 
 he has seen photos of it online since he was in sixth grade but he 's in awe of the enormity of the structure . 
 the building , erected out of glass in a curvature fashion , displays the words he never thought he 'd see in real life : california cancer and research laboratory . 
 he looks through the rolled down window , smells the ocean breeze , and gazes at the building . 
 the cab comes to a stop , and the driver says , `` $ 48.80 . '' 
 timothy does n't hear him , still marveling at the building . 
 the cabbie gives him a second and then asks , `` student ? '' 
 he quickly responds , `` that obvious , huh ? '' 
 looking at the cab meter , timothy gulps . 
 `` this is very embarrassing , '' he says as he pulls two twenties and a ten out of his pocket . 
 `` i only have enough for $ 1.20 tip . '' 
 the cab driver , relieved he has enough to cover the fare , asks , `` money 's tight , huh ? '' 
 timothy hands him the fifty dollars and says , `` my dad jokes that i better hurry and graduate before the city defunds the soup kitchen . '' 
 he smiles and the cab driver chuckles . 
 the cabbie hands back a twenty and says , `` keep that . '' 
 timothy 's surprised by his gesture and does n't take the bill . 
 he says , `` i really appreciate that , but i ca n't take it . '' 
 the cabbie says , `` you need it more than i do , '' and gives the bill a little wave . 
 `` that 's very kind , but i really ca n't take it ... and i 'm sorry about the tip . '' 
 the cab driver keeps the twenty and nods , `` okay ... good luck . '' 
 `` thanks , good luck to you too . '' 
 he walks into the building 's beautiful glass lobby and stops to look around . 
 a young woman approaches him and says , `` you must be mr. hutchins . 
 we 've been expecting you . '' 
 timothy switches his carry-on bag to his other shoulder , sticks his hand out , and says , `` please , call me timothy . '' 
 as they shake hands , she looks up at him and mutters , `` wow , '' under her breath . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she smiles at him , `` scientists are n't usually ... so tall . '' 
 he smiles and says , `` weird , right , '' suddenly noticing how attractive she is . 
 she hands him a binder , `` here 's your welcome packet . 
 you 'll find a briefing about all our various research projects on these disks . 
 pointing to the left of the building , she says , `` your sleeping quarters are down that hall , just look for room 2c . '' 
 after pausing a moment , she asks , `` what 's your room number ? '' 
 confused , timothy looks at her and pauses before saying , `` 2c ? '' 
 `` good job . 
 i heard you were pretty smart ... how smart are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure ... at least above average . '' 
 `` they do n't invite scientists here who are above average . 
 you look really smart , '' she says with a more than friendly smile . 
 he knows he 's not at all versed in this department but decides to go out on a limb that will most likely snap . 
 he says , `` i 'd rather look dashing or ... irresistible . '' 
 `` you 're cute . 
 young , but cute , '' she replies with a smile . 
 timothy has never conversed with a girl like this before . 
 he stares at her , uncertain of what to say next . 
 she says , `` you 're gon na be trouble someday ... i can tell . '' 
 `` like james bond kind of trouble or dr. jekyll trouble ? '' 
 she laughs , `` probably james bond . '' 
 he nods , as he turns and walks towards his room . 
 she goes back to her desk , but stops to gaze at him again before he turns the corner . 
 the other woman at the desk asks snidely , `` are you done ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asks defensively . 
 `` you know what . '' 
 `` he 's cute . '' 
 `` why bother ? 
 scientists are boring . '' 
 `` true , scientists are boring ... but that guy 's not boring . '' 
 once in his room , timothy sets his bag on the bed and wastes no time . 
 he opens the research packet , pops the first of eighteen disks into his laptop , and begins to read . 
 he 's surprised at how detailed and explicit the information on the disks is ; it 's not just general outlines of ccarl 's experiments , as he 'd assumed , but rather , very specific data and results . 
 the disks include not only the successes , but also the failures , of their research . 
 the lab consistently shares its findings on the web so that every scientist conducting cancer research will be apprised of any new developments . 
 but , he notices that a lot of information has n't been posted . 
 this puzzles him , as it seems contrary to the research center 's purpose . 
 timothy has long been intrigued by ccarl 's philosophy . 
 they have one single goal : to discover the cure for cancer or at least play a role in it . 
 whether they discover the cure or help another scientist on the other side of the world discover a cure does n't matter to them . 
 the institute is not-for-profit , and it 's funded by an unnamed philanthropist who lost his wife to cancer . 
 he spends hundreds of millions of dollars every year on whatever the institute deems necessary . 
 in their race to find the cure , they 're always trying to attract fresh intelligent minds like timothy 's . 
 later that night , timothy 's still in his room studying the disks . 
 as usual , he absorbs the information like a sponge . 
 too excited for even a micro sleep , he continues to read throughout the night . 
 the next morning , timothy has some breakfast in the institute 's cafeteria , then calls the chief of staff , stan duggins , on his cell phone to arrange their meeting . 
 after some brief chit chat , timothy says , `` i 'm coming out of the cafeteria now . '' 
 stan directs him , `` make a right , then a quick left . 
 mason and i are a few hundred feet down the hall in the glass atrium ... wait , i think i see you ... if that 's you in the dark blue blazer ? '' 
 timothy replies , `` yep , '' as stan waves his arm and timothy waves back . 
 they both hang up . 
 stan and his right-hand-man , mason timmons , watch timothy walking towards them . 
 while he 's still a good distance away , stan says to mason , `` i know it 's strange , but he 's almost mythical in my mind . '' 
 mason laughs , `` i know what you mean . 
 after all these years corresponding , we can finally put a face with the name . '' 
 stan remarks , `` wow . 
 how tall is he ? '' 
 as timothy gets closer , mason asks `` more importantly , how young is he ? '' 
 when timothy reaches them , he confidently extends his hand to stan and says , `` timothy hutchins . '' 
 stan slowly shakes his hand , and with a confused look on his face , says , `` stan duggins . '' 
 ignoring stan 's confusion , timothy turns to mason and introduces himself . 
 equally confused , mason puts his hand out and says , `` mason timmons . '' 
 bewildered , stan asks , `` you 're a professor at mountain state university ? '' 
 timothy grins and says , `` actually , i 'm a first year medical student . '' 
 the two scientists look at timothy and then at each other . 
 stan says , `` okay , i 'm not quite there yet . 
 walk me through this ... how old are you ? '' 
 `` twenty-one . '' 
 `` i 'm doing some quick math here : we 've been getting your input for ... ? '' 
 he looks at mason for an answer . 
 mason thinks a moment , then replies , `` nine years . '' 
 the two men look at timothy , awaiting his elaboration . 
 timothy replies , `` i started a little young ... '' he pauses , hoping someone will break the silence . 
 when no one does , he adds , `` what i lacked in years , i made up for in tenacity . '' 
 stan and mason remain silent , trying to grasp this . 
 questions plow through their minds : where did he get the equipment ? 
 the lab ? 
 the sharks ? 
 finally , mason breaks the silence , `` i just had a thought . 
 you say you 're a first year med student at msu ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 mason calls someone on the phone and says , `` hey , can you come down to the atrium right now ? '' 
 stan looks up at timothy , still in awe , `` your data was always spot on . 
 what compelled you to start cancer research at such a young age ? '' 
 `` i 'm still trying to figure that out . '' 
 a young woman walks up and greets the group , `` what 's up ? '' 
 mason asks her , `` you went to mountain state university , right ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` a few months ago you told me about some iq test that a professor gives there . '' 
 `` yeah , it 's an aptitude test . 
 dr. wilson , the professor , hands it out on the first day . 
 he calls it ` the humbler , '' ' she says , smiling . 
 `` it 's a glorified iq test , tailored to human biology and anatomy . 
 why ? '' 
 `` i think you told me that the average score was in the thirties and the highest score was seventy-two percent , but somebody aced it this year ? '' 
 `` yeah , i read it in the mountain monthly alumni paper . 
 someone got a hundred . '' 
 mason turns to timothy and says , `` okay ... let me guess . '' 
 timothy says nothing , as the three stare at him . 
 after a moment , he breaks the silence , `` i guessed on some ? '' 
 the young woman says emphatically , `` you ca n't guess . 
 it 's essay format . 
 you either know the answer or you do n't . 
 is your name timothy something ? '' 
 he says , `` yes , i 'm timothy hutchins , '' and sticks out his hand to shake hers . 
 she smiles back and shakes his hand , saying `` i 'm emily . 
 i should ask for your autograph or something . '' 
 they both laugh . 
 then , turning to address stan , she says , `` professor wilson , who rarely speaks highly of students , says in the article that timothy 's ` the real deal . '' ' 
 she smiles at timothy and walks away , saying , `` good luck . 
 i have to run to a meeting . '' 
 stan takes a deep breath and says , `` let 's just say we pretend you 're old enough to take a research position here ... mason , take him through the paces . '' 
 mason smiles and says , `` sounds like a plan . 
 we have the tour set up for 2:00 p.m. today so until then , why do n't you continue reviewing the material on those disks ? 
 they 're detailed , but i 'm sure you 'll get through ` em . '' 
 timothy remarks , `` i went over them last night , fascinating stuff . '' 
 stan says , `` we do n't want you to gloss over them . 
 we want you to study them . '' 
 timothy nods and points to his head , `` it 's all up here . '' 
 the two scientists look at each other in doubt . 
 mason asks , `` ok , what 's the molecular compound that we isolated from the specimen in the 540 series ? '' 
 noting the doubt in mason 's voice , timothy answers , `` well , that 's a trick question ... the compound isolated was ionic , not molecular . 
 it was magnesium oxide . '' 
 mason and stan look at each other incredulously . 
 layering it on , timothy adds , `` and this is significant since the compound , in people and animals , could act as a conductor of radioactivity , possibly explaining a causal factor for the specimen 's cancer cells . '' 
 mason and stan begin to realize the scope of timothy 's capacity . 
 unable to wait any longer , timothy asks the question that he 's wanted to ask for nine years , `` when can i go check out the shark pen ? '' 
 an hour later , timothy heads to the roof and walks towards the helipad where a chopper 's waiting for him . 
 a young african american gentleman jogs over to meet timothy and puts out his hand , `` mr. hutchins , my name is marcus . 
 i 'm your pilot . '' 
 `` call me timothy . '' 
 looking at the man 's size , timothy asks , `` are you a football player ? '' 
 `` i was a running back for nebraska from 2001 to 2003 . '' 
 `` is that how you got that scar on your nose ? '' 
 timothy asks , referring to a slight gash on the bridge of marcus ' nose . 
 `` yep , a linebacker 's facemask did that . '' 
 intrigued , timothy asks , `` what 's it like running a guy over ? '' 
 chuckling , he answers , `` if i did n't like the guy , i 'd finish by stepping on his chest for my next stride . '' 
 timothy laughs and says , `` nice ... world-class athlete and helicopter pilot . '' 
 `` i 'd give all that up to have your height . 
 how tall are you , six-five ? '' 
 `` six-four , my hair adds an inch . '' 
 they both laugh and timothy asks , `` stan duggins said you could take me out to the shark pen ? '' 
 `` i was hoping you were gon na ask that . 
 let 's go . '' 
 they hop into the chopper and are soon airborne . 
 as they clip along at only one hundred feet above the water , timothy looks out the window and thinks about how vast and majestic the ocean is . 
 marcus says something , but timothy does n't respond . 
 he just stares out the window , hypnotized by the beauty . 
 marcus says something again and timothy asks , `` sorry . 
 what 'd you say ? '' 
 `` i asked , ` are you scared ? '' ' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 `` people usually get freaked out flying this fast over the water . '' 
 `` this is magnificent . 
 you 've chosen a good life for yourself . '' 
 marcus pauses and says , `` yeah , i 'm blessed . 
 this is a great life . '' 
 just then , timothy sees something in the distance , but ca n't quite make it out yet . 
 he asks , `` do you have any binoculars ? '' 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 there 's a pair under your seat . '' 
 timothy grabs the binoculars and looks through the lenses . 
 it takes him a moment to realize what he 's seeing . 
 his light-hearted demeanor quickly changes when he sees a net from a fishing boat surrounding several dolphins , desperately trying to escape . 
 he says , `` i thought there were sanctions against catching dolphins . '' 
 `` there are ... they 're fishing for tuna , and the dolphins are in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
 it happens all the time . 
 it makes me sick . '' 
 `` take us over there . '' 
 marcus thinks for a moment , then says , `` i ca n't '' and continues on his course . 
 timothy stares at him , hoping he 'll change his mind . 
 marcus just shakes his head , `` we ca n't get involved . '' 
 timothy keeps staring at marcus . 
 realizing that he is n't going to let this go , marcus says , `` aw hell , '' makes a hard left , and heads towards the fishing boat . 
 when they 're still a hundred yards away , marcus stops and hovers . 
 timothy looks through the binoculars , becoming angrier by the moment . 
 he asks `` the coast guard just lets them get away with that ? '' 
 `` when the fishing boat 's radar picks up a vessel heading in their direction they undo the net and let all the fish go . 
 they never get caught . '' 
 `` do you have a loud speaker ? '' 
 `` timothy , we never get involved with this . '' 
 `` i 'll always get involved with this . '' 
 marcus hesitates , but hands timothy the loud speaker . 
 timothy says , `` get us closer . '' 
 `` i do n't know about that . '' 
 `` marcus , i can tell you 're not that guy . '' 
 `` what guy ? '' 
 `` the kind of guy that looks the other way . '' 
 marcus looks back at the boat and despite his uncertainty , starts to move in closer to it . 
 the fishermen stop reeling in the net , stand their ground on the deck of the boat , and glare up at the helicopter . 
 marcus becomes more nervous the closer they get , but timothy is emboldened . 
 he says , `` fire this up . '' 
 marcus mutters , `` crap , '' knowing this could get ugly fast . 
 he reaches his hand out and flicks a switch to activate the loudspeaker . 
 the men on the fishing boat are irritated , knowing that the meddling helicopter is not with the coast guard . 
 timothy shouts through the loudspeaker , `` the 1997 dolphin-tuna bill , part of the international dolphin conservation program act , prohibits you from using a net in that manner . 
 the penalty under california state law is complete revocation of your fishing license for a year and a fine of up to $ 100,000 . '' 
 he pauses for a moment before adding , `` we 're videotaping this event , and your state registration numbers on your boat are irrefutable proof of your illegal act . 
 if you undo the net now and release the dolphins , we wo n't hand this tape over to the coast guard . '' 
 the men on the deck of the boat start talking animatedly with one another . 
 marcus looks at timothy and asks , `` is all that true ? '' 
 `` verbatim . '' 
 `` how 'd you know that ? '' 
 `` i read it somewhere . '' 
 marcus is surprised he 'd memorized all that and raises his eyebrows at timothy . 
 timothy shrugs and says , `` it 's on the internet . '' 
 noticing the fishermen arguing amongst each other , marcus says , `` there must be a lot of money on the line . '' 
 the fishermen are still talking amongst themselves when timothy yells over the loudspeaker , `` our offer stands only for another thirty seconds . '' 
 marcus is taken aback by timothy 's audacity . 
 they wait , eyeing the boat . 
 finally , one of the fishermen starts to undo the net . 
 he unties the end of the net , looks up at the helicopter and flips them the finger . 
 marcus says , `` i 'm surprised they 're giving in . '' 
 he looks at timothy and adds , `` let 's get the hell out of here . '' 
 he banks hard to the right and applies full throttle . 
 timothy asks marcus , `` do you have a boat at the shark pen ? '' 
 `` yeah , we have a boston whaler ... but we 're not coming back here in it . '' 
 `` yes , we are . '' 
 `` no , we 're not . '' 
 twenty minutes later , timothy and marcus are in the boston whaler skipping across the water at sixty knots back towards the fishing boat . 
 marcus yells over the engine noise , `` i felt a lot safer a hundred feet above them in a helicopter ! '' 
 timothy yells back , `` we 're just going to make sure they do n't hook the net back up ! 
 they did n't look like the most honest guys . '' 
 as they get closer to the fishing boat , they can see that the net is straight , and a huge wench is pulling it on board through a series of pulleys . 
 the fishermen remained true to their word . 
 marcus feels a sense of accomplishment and prepares to turn back , but timothy stops him and points to something near the boat , saying , `` get closer . '' 
 marcus is about to ask what has his attention , when he notices that a baby dolphin is struggling to get free , its tail caught in the net . 
 it 's still a hundred feet or so from the boat , but will eventually be dragged up through the pulley system and crushed to death . 
 timothy yells again , `` get us closer . '' 
 marcus yells back , `` it 's not worth it ! 
 we already saved dozens of them . '' 
 `` just get me closer ! '' 
 marcus moves the whaler closer and yells , `` the waves are too strong . 
 i wo n't be able to hold it steady . '' 
 once they 're closer , timothy shouts to the fisherman , `` turn it off ! '' 
 the fishermen hit the kill switch to stop the net from being pulled in . 
 as timothy starts to put on a life vest , marcus yells , `` what are you doing ? 
 the water 's way too rough ... these are four foot waves . '' 
 but timothy 's determined and ignores him . 
 marcus yells , `` c’mon man , it 's one dolphin . '' 
 timothy continues fastening the buckles and pulling the straps tight around him . 
 marcus says , `` i have to captain the boat . 
 i wo n't be able to help you ! '' 
 timothy clicks the last buckle on the life vest . 
 defeated , marcus asks , `` are you a good swimmer ? '' 
 `` i do n't know yet , '' timothy says , as he climbs onto the rail to jump into the water . 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 marcus yells . 
 timothy jumps as far as he can into the choppy water . 
 the fishermen look at each other in bewilderment . 
 fighting the waves , timothy swims over to the dolphin . 
 marcus tries to maneuver the boat closer , but he struggles to hold it in position as the waves knock him around . 
 timothy finally reaches the dolphin and tries freeing its tail from the net , but it 's thrashing violently . 
 marcus sees he 's struggling , but ca n't leave the boat . 
 timothy struggles with the net and the scared dolphin . 
 finally , it seems timothy has the dolphin in his grip ; but just then , a wave lifts the net and pulls timothy underneath . 
 his body disappears from view , as he goes down and becomes trapped under the heavy fishing net . 
 `` crap ! '' 
 marcus yells , as he flicks the switch and drops the automatic anchor , knowing it wo n't reach the bottom , but will stabilize the boat . 
 as the anchor plunges into the murky depths , he grabs the round life preserver , quickly fastens the leash around his ankle , and climbs onto the edge of the boat . 
 he can only see timothy 's orange life preserver bobbing under the net . 
 timothy tries to dive down to swim away from the net , but his life vest prevents it . 
 marcus quickly dives in and swims over to him . 
 he reaches him in no time and starts trying to pull the net off him , but he soon realizes it 's too heavy . 
 marcus dives down and tries it a different way . 
 he grabs timothy 's ankle and tries to find the other one but , timothy 's kicking too hard . 
 marcus finally manages to grab timothy 's other ankle and uses all his strength to pull him downward and towards the opening at the end of the net . 
 timothy climbs through the opening and his life preserver pulls him up to the surface . 
 timothy desperately gasps for air , as marcus 's head pops up near him . 
 relieved to see timothy above water , marcus watches him fight to take in air . 
 timothy nods to marcus , knowing he just saved his life . 
 between gasps , marcus asks sarcastically , `` are you done ? '' 
 timothy nods his head , unable to speak yet . 
 they swim back to the boat and climb onto the deck , where they collapse , exhausted . 
 marcus lies there looking up at the sky , thinking how close that was . 
 they both know that timothy was about twenty seconds from death . 
 out of nowhere , timothy starts laughing . 
 marcus yells , `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 `` do you think stan duggins would 've been mad at you if you brought me back in a body bag ? '' 
 they both laugh hysterically , relieved after that close call . 
 marcus regains his composure and asks , `` so , did you free him ? '' 
 `` yeah , he took off like he was shot from a cannon . '' 
 marcus shakes his head , laughing . 
 timothy stands up and yells over to the fishermen , `` we got him ! 
 all clear ! '' 
 they laugh louder as the fisherman shake their heads in disbelief . 
 noticing some blood of timothy 's face , marcus asks , `` what happened to your eye ? '' 
 timothy wipes the side of his eye to find his hand covered with blood . 
 he thinks a second , then remembers , `` he bit me ! '' 
 they laugh again . 
 `` it was one dolphin , dude . 
 what did it matter ? '' 
 asks marcus , as he begins to get up from the deck . 
 timothy extends his hand , marcus grabs it , and he pulls him up , saying , `` i guess it only mattered to the dolphin ... . 
 thanks for saving my life , marcus . '' 
 later that afternoon , after touring the shark pen , timothy and marcus head back to the institute . 
 timothy gazes out the helicopter window , enjoying the ride back and reflecting on the past several hours . 
 he marvels at how unexpected life can be outside of the laboratory he 's grown so accustomed to . 
 he sends a quick text to his mom : just got bit by a baby dolphin . 
 should leave a scar . 
 my first battle wound ... love you guys . 
 a couple days later , at the end of his visit to ccarl , timothy walks through the lobby that he entered the first day . 
 he walks towards the door with his carry-on bag draped across his shoulder and a gauze pad taped over his eyebrow . 
 he 's lost in thought , thinking about his visit , when the receptionist he met earlier approaches him . 
 she asks , `` what happened to your eye ? '' 
 nonchalantly , he replies , `` a little boating accident . 
 nothing too serious . '' 
 `` oh , good ... will we be seeing you here again ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i may take a job here . 
 you may be unknowingly influencing my decision , '' he smiles at her shyly , uncertain of how she 'll respond to his attempt at flirting . 
 smiling back , she asks , `` would you want to give me a call sometime ? '' 
 encouraged , timothy replies confidently , `` i would . 
 what 's your number ? '' 
 she gets ready to recite it and says , `` are n't you going to put it in your phone ? '' 
 he jokes , `` i 'm a scientist . 
 it 's safer up here , '' as he points to his head . 
 she smiles and says , `` 415-387-3768 . '' 
 `` got it , i 'll be in touch , '' timothy turns and walks away as she watches him leave . 
 once he gets a short distance away , she calls out , `` what is it ? '' 
 he continues to walk and , without turning around , says loudly , `` 415-387-3768 . '' 
 as he exits through the revolving doors , she turns to look at the other receptionist and says , `` our kids would be good looking ... and smart . '' 
 chapter three aurora , colorado . 
 the next day , back at mountain state university , timothy 's in his usual spot in the north lab . 
 dr. wilson and another man walk in and make their way towards timothy . 
 when they reach his workstation , he looks up at them and dr. wilson says , `` hello , timothy . 
 i 'd like to introduce you to someone . 
 dr. robert stanton , this is timothy hutchins . '' 
 timothy stands up and eagerly shakes his hand , as dr. wilson explains , `` dr. stanton is the chief of the u.s. science and technology directorate , and he 's also an alumni of msu . '' 
 dr. wilson turns to dr. stanton , `` you guys would be lucky to get timothy . '' 
 dr. stanton says , `` it 's a pleasure to meet you , timothy . 
 i 've heard good things about you from professor wilson . 
 i 'm not used to the professor speaking so highly of anyone . 
 he still thinks i 'm an underachiever , '' and he smiles . 
 timothy says , `` you 're the head of a major division of the u.s. department of homeland security . 
 i 'd say that 's pretty good , sir . '' 
 surprised , dr. stanton responds , `` you know your government agencies . 
 have you ever thought about a future in the military ? '' 
 `` possibly . 
 it 'd be an honor to serve my country , sir , especially in the medical field . 
 i hear the new utah lab is one of the finest facilities in the states . '' 
 `` it 's an architectural marvel , that 's for certain , twenty stories beneath the surface with a military air base above . 
 we 're always looking for fresh young minds . '' 
 `` i 'll definitely consider it . '' 
 dr. wilson says , `` timothy 's developed an experimental cancer drug and he 'll be seeking approval for testing on stage 4 cancer patients . '' 
 `` very impressive . 
 i see why you wanted me to meet him , '' dr. stanton replies . 
 dr. wilson turns to timothy and says , `` speaking of your drug , i 'll have to petition the chief of staff with a formal proposal , including your clinical data . '' 
 timothy says , `` actually , i have it here . 
 i was going to bring it to you later today . '' 
 he pulls out a large black binder from his backpack and hands it to dr. wilson , `` this is my data report and testing proposal . 
 i think you 'll find everything 's in order . '' 
 smiling , dr. wilson says , `` i have no doubt about that . '' 
 dr. stanton interjects , `` it was nice meeting you , timothy . 
 i have to get going . '' 
 `` it was nice meeting you , sir , '' timothy says as he returns to his work . 
 dr. wilson and dr. stanton walk out and discuss timothy as they cross the campus lawn . 
 stanton asks , `` he 's a first-year student and he 's already developed a drug that 's ready to be tested ? '' 
 `` he 's not only developed a new drug , but he 's perfected a new technique related to super coiling . 
 he 's an anomaly . 
 you wo n't find anyone smarter than that young man . '' 
 `` that is amazing . 
 sounds like he 'd be a great addition to our lab . '' 
 dr. wilson opens the door to the faculty building , looks at stanton intently and says , `` he may be . 
 but ... i 'll tell you one thing . 
 if he were to take a position in the military and end up at the utah lab , you 'd have to show extreme caution . 
 he has a curious nature about him . 
 with a mind like his and a state-of-the-art government facility at his fingertips ... well , let 's just say he could turn the world on its ear . '' 
 meanwhile , media outlets around the globe report breaking news in the world of medicine . 
 five alzheimer 's research centers have announced that they 've found a cure for alzheimer 's , and it has the media buzzing . 
 all five went public with their claim by issuing a joint statement . 
 a news agency reports the story on the evening news . 
 the anchor says , `` this is frank hollingsworth with cns news . 
 five renowned research centers around the world have made a startling announcement today . 
 they claim to have found a cure for alzheimer 's . 
 these laboratories are located in the united kingdom , france , australia , canada , and the united states . 
 they 're not giving many details at this point , but they say the breakthrough occurred shortly after they were sent a composition they 're referring to as ` compound m. ' we 're awaiting further information from the centers on this topic , but it seems this mysterious compound was a turning point in their research . '' 
 another news network broadcasts a similar report . 
 the anchor says , `` this is todd mcmillon , wbc news . 
 we 're going to go live to our margo fletcher who 's reporting on some breaking news out of boston . 
 margo , what do you have ? '' 
 margo says , `` thank you , todd . 
 i 'm standing in front of the alzheimer 's institute of boston , one of the five research facilities that made an important announcement today regarding alzheimer 's , one that has rattled the medical community . 
 the research facilities have claimed to have found a cure for the disease . 
 this game changing discovery has millions of alzheimer 's sufferers and their families frantically inquiring when and where this possible cure may be available to the public . '' 
 mountain state university later that week , a student rushes into the lab , hands timothy a note , and says , `` hey , this is from dr. wilson . 
 he says to read it right away . '' 
 timothy thanks him and opens the letter . 
 it reads : dr. donald driver , the chief of staff , would like to talk to you about your proposal for the drug testing . 
 he and i will be coming by to see you in about a half hour . 
 i just wanted to give you a heads up . 
 a short time later , dr. driver and dr. wilson enter the lab and approach timothy . 
 not one for wasting time , dr. driver sets timothy 's black binder and enclosed data report down in front of him and says , `` this amount of data would take decades to accumulate . 
 how did you pull this off in four years ? '' 
 timothy glances at dr. wilson , realizing that driver 's misinformed . 
 wilson interjects on timothy 's behalf and says , `` he 's not a fourth year student ... he 's actually a first year . 
 i 've exercised my exemption authority . '' 
 annoyed , driver glares at wilson , `` we 've always reserved the exemption for third year students . '' 
 `` i assure you ... mr. hutchins is an exception . '' 
 driver picks up the black binder and looks over timothy 's data , saying , `` this theory is quite complex . 
 i noticed that the collaboration part of the report was missing . 
 what results were yielded from other researchers ? '' 
 `` actually , that part of the report was n't excluded . 
 there was no collaboration , '' timothy explains . 
 driver glares at timothy . 
 wilson injects , `` there 's no precedence on this . 
 this is his hypothesis . '' 
 he pauses , waiting for the chief of staff to say something , but he does n't . 
 timothy adds , `` those numbers are sound . 
 i could walk you through one of my computer-generated models . '' 
 driver looks at timothy and then back at wilson . 
 he 's wavering on whether or not to allow the testing . 
 finally , he says , `` let me sleep on it . 
 i 'll get back to you . '' 
 he abruptly grabs the binder , turns , and walks away . 
 timothy gives a concerned look to dr. wilson . 
 he pats timothy on the shoulder and says , `` we 'll see . '' 
 later that evening , worldwide coverage of the medical community 's breakthrough continues `` this is chase jordan with wbc news reporting live from boston . 
 we have more information about the five alzheimer 's research facilities that have announced a breakthrough in their research . 
 earlier , we reported that each of the facilities had received by mail a mysterious compound , called compound m , and it was this compound that spurred their discovery of a possible cure . 
 we 've now learned that the five labs have no idea where compound m came from . 
 each lab was given only a small amount of it for test subjects , and they do n't have much left to analyze . 
 they admit they 're no closer to determining its origin and they are n't even able to conclude yet if its origins are synthetic or natural . 
 they believe it may have started out as a natural compound , but was altered so significantly , that it 's now unrecognizable . 
 their top biologists and chemists are working tirelessly to determine the compound 's origin . 
 they 're asking the individual who sent them this compound to step forward , or at least reveal the compound 's origin . 
 we 'll bring you more on this developing story later . '' 
 the next morning , mountain state university timothy 's in the anatomy lab performing a dissection of a breast cancer cadaver when dr. wilson comes in and approaches him . 
 he says excitedly , `` driver thinks your hypothesis is intriguing . 
 he has approved you for supervised trial testing on a stage 4 patient . '' 
 he shakes timothy 's hand and says , `` well done , very few student proposals get approved for testing . '' 
 timothy , surprisingly calm , says , `` thanks for your help . 
 i know you pushed it through . '' 
 dr. wilson says , `` he had many good reasons to approve it ; but honestly , i do n't think he could fully comprehend your theory . '' 
 he smiles and walks away . 
 one week later timothy , medical bag in hand , enters a surgical room in the east wing of the hospital . 
 his patient and a nurse are already in the room . 
 the patient , stephanie , is standing in the corner of the room in her hospital gown ; timothy notices how weak she looks . 
 walking up to her with a smile , he shakes her hand and says , `` hi , stephanie , i 'm timothy . 
 it 's nice to meet you . '' 
 with an obvious effort , stephanie gives a half-hearted smile back , `` nice to meet you too . '' 
 he then turns to the nurse , `` and you must be denise . '' 
 `` hi , nice to meet you . 
 i 'm all set to begin recording whenever you 're ready . '' 
 timothy answers , `` ready . '' 
 denise presses record on a digital voice recorder and says , `` my name is denise lee . 
 i 'm a nurse at the hospital , and i 'll be recording this visit for legal purposes . 
 the recording will remain sealed by mountain state university unless it 's deemed necessary to produce it . '' 
 she looks at stephanie , `` do you , stephanie johnson , agree to allow mountain state university to record this session ? '' 
 stephanie answers , `` yes ... i do . '' 
 denise then asks , `` do you , timothy hutchins , agree to allow mountain state university to record this session ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i also agree to allow mountain state university to record this session . '' 
 denise now turns her attention to timothy and stephanie , and says to them , `` thanks . 
 now we can get started . 
 again , i 'm denise lee and i 'll be recording and supervising the administering of this experimental drug . 
 this drug requires ... '' she looks at her clip board , `` one round of injections , once per week , for eight weeks . 
 is that correct , mr. hutchins ? 
 timothy replies , `` that 's correct . '' 
 `` for the record , do you , stephanie johnson , agree to undergo the administering of an experimental drug by mountain state university ? '' 
 stephanie says , `` i do . '' 
 `` okay , we are ready to begin . '' 
 denise asks , `` mr. hutchins , would you like stephanie to remain standing or sit down ? '' 
 timothy opens his medical bag and says , `` sitting down would be best . 
 thank you . '' 
 timothy puts on surgical gloves and sterilizes stephanie 's left arm with alcohol . 
 he then takes out a vial of liquid and punctures it with a syringe . 
 as he prepares to administer the first injection into stephanie 's arm , he says , `` anytime you need to take a break , just let me know . 
 these injections may be a bit painful . 
 you may feel a burning sensation when the drug 's first introduced . 
 she nervously straightens up and says , `` okay . '' 
 timothy injects the contents of the syringe and withdraws the needle . 
 stephanie winces . 
 as he concentrates on the next injection , he says quietly , `` let me know if it 's too painful . '' 
 after several injections , timothy sees that stephanie 's unable to mask the pain , so he pauses , saying , `` let 's take a break . '' 
 stephanie tilts her head down , puts her hand on her forehead , and begins to sob . 
 timothy and denise look at each other . 
 he whispers to her , `` we may have to try again later . '' 
 she whispers , `` let 's give her a minute . '' 
 they wait for stephanie to regain her composure . 
 timothy , realizing how scared and alone stephanie must feel , asks , `` is there a family member you 'd like to bring in to comfort you ? '' 
 denise quickly interjects , `` no one is allowed in the room other than the three of us . 
 i 'm sorry , hospital rules . '' 
 stephanie continues to cry , facing the opposite direction . 
 timothy , wanting to comfort her , but not wanting to be inappropriate , whispers to denise , `` maybe you should give her a hug ? '' 
 denise replies quietly , `` i wish i could , but to prevent infection i 'm not supposed to touch patients during the procedure . '' 
 stephanie 's pain becomes very real to timothy . 
 trying to avoid speaking into the recorder , he leans close to denise and whispers , `` what if she were your mother ? '' 
 she looks at timothy , about to say something , but stops herself . 
 she hesitates , knowing the hospital fires excellent nurses for the smallest infractions ; but she imagines her mother crying and a nurse refusing her a small comfort . 
 she makes her choice , walks over to stephanie and gently hugs her . 
 they hold the embrace for a moment , then stephanie takes a deep breath and says , `` thank you . '' 
 timothy hands stephanie a box of tissues and she wipes her eyes . 
 `` last night , i was thinking what a selfless act this is , especially with everything you 're already going through , '' he says . 
 she says , `` thanks . '' 
 `` you 're a very brave woman . 
 if you 'd like , we could continue this another time . '' 
 she takes a deep breath , `` i 'm ready . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 confidently , she answers , `` yes ... i am determined . '' 
 timothy thinks about all the hidden meanings that statement must hold for someone who 's slowly dying and yet is willing to endure pain in the hopes of helping others ; others she 'll never meet . 
 he puts those thoughts aside , leans over and continues the administration of the drug . 
 meanwhile , wbc issues a news report . 
 `` this is pamela stevens with wbc news . 
 the five alzheimer 's research institutes who twelve days ago announced they 'd developed a cure for alzheimer 's , are ramping up their efforts to find the person who anonymously sent them a key compound . 
 they 've pooled money together to offer a reward to the individual who discovered this compound , referred to as ` compound m. ' each of the five institutes has put up three million dollars , for a total of fifteen million . 
 although they have the compound , they were sent only a limited amount of it , and apparently are unable to recreate the compound themselves . 
 the institutes believe they 'd recoup the reward money rather quickly , were the person to come forward . 
 in addition to the reward money , they 'd pay royalties to the person until the patent expired . 
 to say the man or woman who discovered compound m is in the driver 's seat is an understatement . 
 the research facilities say they 're at a stalemate and nothing can progress with this medical breakthrough unless this person comes forward and initiates a dialogue with the institutes . 
 now back to heather in the studio . '' 
 heather says , `` thanks pamela . 
 we have dr. neil patterson with us here in the studio . 
 he leads one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the united states and is hoping for a quick resolution to this mystery . 
 thanks for joining us today . '' 
 he responds , `` my pleasure . '' 
 she continues , `` what 's going on here ? 
 the individual who discovered compound m has certainly had time to come forward and declare their intentions . 
 it 's as though millions of people around the world suffering from alzheimer 's are being held hostage until this individual comes forward . 
 what do you make of this ? '' 
 dr. patterson says , `` i hate to say it , but this may come down to money . 
 this person knows that he or she is holding what is essentially a winning lottery ticket and does n't feel the need to come forward immediately . 
 the more news this drug gets , the more people realize its value . 
 alzheimer 's is now a leading story on the daily news and is getting worldwide attention . 
 the more people realize the huge impact this drug would have on mankind , the more bargaining power this individual has . '' 
 `` so do you think this reward will draw out the individual and facilitate a dialogue with the institutes ? '' 
 `` it might , but i doubt it . 
 to be honest , fifteen million dollars is a drop in the bucket . 
 the royalties on the patent is where the bulk of the money would be made . 
 that would be the gift that keeps on giving . '' 
 heather takes a breath and says , `` well , for now , we can only wait . 
 thanks for joining us , dr. wiley . '' 
 `` thanks for having me . '' 
 one week later . 
 timothy 's in the surgical room preparing for the second round of injections with denise and their patient , stephanie . 
 before he begins the injections , he looks stephanie in the eye and says , `` stop me as soon as you need to . '' 
 she says , `` i will . 
 it helps me to know that you both care , '' as she takes a deep breath . 
 timothy smiles and nods . 
 as he begins the first injection , stephanie only slightly winces , prepared for the pain this time . 
 timothy withdraws the needle and asks , `` you okay ? '' 
 she responds , `` i 'm good , '' and he begins the second injection . 
 in an attempt to take her mind off of the pain , she asks him , `` hey , how did you get that scar on your eye ? 
 are you a boxer ? '' 
 timothy smiles , `` no , but i did get into a fight . '' 
 `` you 're a pretty big guy ... how big was the other guy ? '' 
 he finishes the injection and holds out both of his hands about five feet apart , saying , `` he was about this big . '' 
 stephanie and denise exchange confused glances , not getting the joke . 
 he lets them wonder and begins to deliver another injection . 
 finally , he reveals , `` i was bitten by a baby dolphin . '' 
 surprised , denise and stephanie burst out laughing . 
 denise asks , `` what ? '' 
 `` i know ... crazy , huh ? 
 i was trying to free him from a fishing net and he showed his appreciation by biting me . '' 
 they all laugh . 
 for this brief moment , they 're able to forget the sadness that 's brought them together . 
 later that evening , wbc news issues a report . 
 `` this is gloria sandburg , wbc news , bringing you this exclusive first look at the alzheimer 's miracle drug that has doctors so optimistic . 
 we are here at the alzheimer 's institute of boston in boston , massachusetts . 
 this is the first time a news camera has been allowed into the institute since the discovery of compound m , the compound which led to the hope of a cure . 
 what we 're about to show you are before and after clips of one of the lucky few patients who received the experimental drug containing compound m. his name is carl davis . 
 we 'll begin by showing you a video of mr. davis prior to his treatment ... here it is . '' 
 the live feed cuts to a video . 
 an elderly man is sitting in a chair being interviewed by a doctor in a white lab coat . 
 the doctor asks , `` what 's your name ? '' 
 the elderly man just looks at the doctor with a blank face , not knowing the answer . 
 the doctor gives him a moment , then asks , `` where do you live ? '' 
 the gentleman continues to stare blankly at the doctor . 
 he finally says , `` i do n't know . '' 
 the video stops and gloria says , `` that was alzheimer 's patient carl davis before the drug . '' 
 she smiles and says , `` okay , this is what all the hype is about . 
 you 're about to witness firsthand why the medical community is buzzing about this miracle drug . 
 this is carl davis today . '' 
 carl walks into camera view to join gloria . 
 she says , `` thank you for agreeing to this interview , carl . 
 would you mind if i ask you a series of questions ? '' 
 he responds , `` no , not at all . '' 
 she smiles , knowing the television viewers have just had their first look at the new and improved carl davis . 
 she asks him , `` what 's your name ? '' 
 he asks , `` where should i look , at you or at the camera ? '' 
 she chuckles and says , `` you pick . '' 
 with a gentlemanly smirk , he says , `` i 'd rather look at you . '' 
 she laughs and says , `` okay , look at me . '' 
 he nods his head and says , `` my name is carl davis . '' 
 `` where do you live , carl ? '' 
 without hesitation , he responds , `` 129 north hale street . '' 
 `` good . 
 who 's the current president of the united states ? '' 
 `` michael shepherd is our president . '' 
 `` which part of your memory -- '' `` but i clearly remember not voting for him , '' he interjects . 
 gloria laughs , then says , `` i 'm going to ask you an off the cuff question about your childhood . 
 is that ok ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` who was your kindergarten teacher ? '' 
 he chuckles , `` wow , you 're really testing me here ... we 're going back quite a few years . 
 let me think ... that would be mrs. wangren . '' 
 gloria looks at the answers on her notecards and smiles with enthusiasm , `` this is truly remarkable . '' 
 carl says , `` mrs. wangren 's the reason corporal punishment 's been banned . '' 
 gloria smiles , and he adds , `` she had a stick about this long , '' as he holds his hands three feet apart . 
 `` that 's one thing i never forgot ... even alzheimer 's could n't take away that memory . '' 
 gloria says , `` carl , i know how lucky you must feel being only one of approximately fifty people around the world to receive this miracle drug . 
 tell me how you felt when you were suffering from alzheimer 's , prior to receiving this drug . '' 
 his demeanor quickly changes , as he shakes his head slightly and says sadly , `` i do n't know ... it was just ... time lost . 
 there 's no other way to explain it . '' 
 a tear slowly falls down his cheek . 
 `` well , i 'm very happy for you , carl , '' she says , taking his hand . 
 `` i 'm sure your family is absolutely thrilled with this unexpected turn of events . 
 thank you for talking with us . '' 
 carl says , `` my pleasure , '' and walks out of camera view . 
 gloria turns towards the camera and says , `` carl and his family must feel like they won the lottery to end all lotteries . 
 now let 's switch gears and bring in one of the chief scientists here at the boston institute , dr. osborne . '' 
 as he walks up to her , she says , `` good afternoon , doctor . '' 
 `` good afternoon . '' 
 `` so , you 've been spearheading this breakthrough since you first received compound m . 
 what are you thinking when you see someone like carl , who 's been brought back from such a seemingly permanent disease ? '' 
 dr. osborne says , `` i 've been working closely with alzheimer 's patients for about twenty-three years and i 've been at this institute for twelve of those years . 
 i 've waited most of my adult life to witness what your viewers have just seen today and it 's ... hard to put into words . '' 
 he pauses for a moment , lowering his head . 
 `` this is obviously an emotional subject for everyone involved , '' gloria interjects helpfully . 
 he says , `` watching carl just now really touched me . 
 i 've known carl for about two years , and , of course , i 've never seen this playful side of him . 
 i 'm still coming to grips with his dramatic change . 
 here at the institute , we often see patients in a more or less catatonic state . 
 we 've now been reminded that our patients used to have wonderful personalities like carl 's , and those personalities are still inside them waiting to come out . 
 we were able to treat ten patients after we received the new compound . 
 seeing the families rejoice with their loved ones is an extremely gratifying feeling for all involved . '' 
 he pauses and adds , `` i 'm sure the individual who discovered compound m is as eager as we are to finally free these patients from their mindless existence . '' 
 dr. osborne looks into the camera and desperately pleads , `` i 'm sure you are a scientist just as i am . 
 i 'm sure you want nothing more than to help those who ca n't help themselves . 
 i hope you 'll come forward soon , and i for one would like to be the first to shake your hand . '' 
 looking at the doctor , gloria says , `` we all hope he or she will come forward soon . 
 thank you , dr. osborne . '' 
 turning to the camera , she says , `` we 'll bring you more on this fascinating story later . 
 now , back to you in the studio . '' 
 six weeks later . 
 as timothy 's awaiting denise and stephanie in the surgical room , he 's thinking about a voicemail denise left for him earlier . 
 she said that stephanie 's condition had deteriorated considerably since the last round of injections , the seventh , and that she may die before the final set . 
 his thoughts are interrupted when denise opens the door and asks , `` can you hold the door open ? '' 
 timothy hurries to hold open the door , as denise pushes stephanie into the room in a wheelchair . 
 his heart sinks when he realizes he has underestimated stephanie 's decline . 
 with a defeated expression , he looks at stephanie , who 's hardly recognizable , and says softly , `` stephanie , what are you doing here ? 
 you should be in bed . '' 
 stephanie responds in a quiet , weak voice , `` i wanted to make it to the last round . 
 i told you i was ... determined . '' 
 denise , who 's been a nurse for seven years and rarely gets emotionally attached to patients , begins to cry . 
 she has witnessed events like this for years and thought she 'd become desensitized to them , but she was wrong . 
 for timothy , this is all very new . 
 he 's not sure how to deal with his emotions and lowers his head . 
 stephanie says weakly , `` hey you two , if i 'm expected to be the strongest one in this room ... it 'll be very difficult to get through these injections . '' 
 she forces a smile and says to timothy , `` the cancer will win ... but i 'll have this one victory : completing the testing . '' 
 he nods his head , knowing what those words must mean to her . 
 stephanie murmurs , `` tell me the story again ... about the baby dolphin . '' 
 timothy forces a smile and says , `` sure , i never get tired of telling that story . '' 
 he slowly opens up his medical bag . 
 as he pulls out a vial and a syringe , he says in a soft voice , `` i 'm in a boat getting tossed around by four foot waves , when i see the little guy all tangled in a fishing net . 
 all of a sudden , i jump out of the boat ... and that 's where we had a difference of opinion . '' 
 he pauses to administer the injection , then continues , `` see , i was under the impression that he needed help , but like most kids , he was under the impression that he could do it himself ... '' meanwhile , a meeting is being held in the white house . 
 u.s. president michael shepherd , prime minister of france victor rouille , prime minister of canada jacob bruno , and prime minister of australia alfred jacobsen , along with the chief scientist from each of the five alzheimer 's research institutes are all gathered around a large table in a conference room . 
 excitement fills the room , mostly coming from the scientists . 
 they know what 's at stake here . 
 these scientists have been searching for the cure for most of their lives and it 's now at their doorstep . 
 some of them are nervous , about to be handed the single most important drug since penicillin . 
 president shepherd looks at the scientist from the australian alzheimer 's lab and asks , `` you know what the worst part about being the president of the united states is ? '' 
 surprised he 's being addressed , the scientist looks at him and answers nervously , `` no , sir . '' 
 `` i never know what time it is . '' 
 he smiles as he looks around the room , `` no , really ... as soon as i was sworn into office , they took my cell phone away . 
 i tried wearing a watch , but i do n't like it . 
 so i never know what time it is . '' 
 everyone laughs . 
 he smirks as he adds , `` now the secret service has confiscated your cell phones and we have a room full of really smart guys who do n't know what time it is . '' 
 they all laugh . 
 he says , `` we 've got one guy here with a watch . '' 
 they all look at each other 's wrists , and the australian scientist realizes it 's him . 
 he looks at his watch and blurts out `` 3:05 . '' 
 president shepherd turns his attention towards the note that was sent to dr. woodfield with the vial of compound m. president shepherd studies it . 
 it reads , ` compound m , ' and is signed ` sam . ' 
 being a history buff , he thinks about letters throughout history and the significance of their content . 
 he tries to recall a letter or note with such few words that had a larger impact than this one . 
 he draws a blank . 
 as he holds up the note , he asks the scientists , `` you have no idea who sam is or what ` sam ' could stand for ? '' 
 they all shake their heads and respond , `` no , sir . '' 
 just then , the door opens and colin blake , the deputy prime minister of the united kingdom , enters the room . 
 everyone stands , and president shepherd says , `` deputy prime minister , i 'm glad you could join us . '' 
 blake says `` i apologize for being late . '' 
 he shakes hands with the president and the other prime ministers in the room , as president shepherd says , `` prime ministers , you all know each other . 
 the other gentlemen here are the head scientists from the five laboratories that were sent compound m. '' blake asks , `` how do we know that the person who summoned us here is the scientist who discovered compound m ? '' 
 president shepherd says , `` three of the alzheimer 's labs , boston , france , and canada , preserved their notes for testing . 
 forensics found one common fingerprint on all three . 
 that same print is all over this letter requesting our presence here . '' 
 he holds up the letter and adds , `` the cia has circulated that fingerprint to databases around the world and has yet to find a match . '' 
 he smirks and says , `` i guess most scientists have managed to avoid the criminal justice system . '' 
 the others laugh . 
 just then , a staff member rushes in holding an envelope and brings it to president shepherd . 
 he asks her , `` who delivered this ? '' 
 `` a homeless man at the front gate . '' 
 he shakes his head and mutters , `` smart . '' 
 she adds , `` the secret service has him . '' 
 laughing , he asks , `` they think a homeless guy deciphered a medical conundrum that has the world 's scientists baffled ? '' 
 when she shrugs , he says , `` tell them i said to let him go . '' 
 `` yes , sir , mr. president . '' 
 he adds , `` have them give him a nice lunch before they turn him loose . '' 
 smiling , she says , `` certainly , sir , '' as she walks out and closes the door behind her . 
 shepherd studies the envelope the staff member handed him . 
 he pulls a sheet of paper from the envelope . 
 then he looks up at the group , says , `` here goes , '' and begins to read it aloud : `` compound m began as a natural compound , but had to be altered for enzyme purposes . 
 even if you were to determine the origin of the natural compound , there would be millions of formulas yet to decipher before you could create compound m . 
 it would be like dropping a contact lens in the pacific ocean and trying to find it . '' 
 president shepherd looks up at the attentive crowd . 
 he says playfully , ` uh oh . '' 
 he looks back at the letter and flips to the next page . 
 he studies it and sees that it depicts a satellite view of a tropical island surrounded by ocean . 
 a caption reads : six degrees north latitude and eighty-eight degrees west longitude . 
 the chief scientists and world leaders watch the president intently , wondering what he 's studying . 
 shepherd flips to the next page , which shows a close up image of the same island , but now with a landing strip and some buildings . 
 he then flips to the next page , which shows detailed schematics of the building , and finally the last page , which reads : upon completion of this coalition effort , the formula for compound m will be revealed . 
 shepherd looks up at the others in the room with a bewildered expression on his face . 
 colin blake is the first to break the silence , asking , `` well , what is it ? '' 
 president shepherd tosses the letter into the center of the table and says stoically , `` we 're expected to build something . '' 
 mountain state university . 
 timothy is winding down after an exhausting day . 
 he 's about to lay his head down on his dorm room desk when his computer chimes , indicating an email . 
 it 's from denise and it reads : timothy , stephanie passed away last night , surrounded by family . 
 i spent some time with her during my shift yesterday . 
 she asked me if i would relay a message to you . 
 she said , `` it was nice to meet you . 
 do n't give up . '' 
 i think she knew she would n't make it through the night . 
 denise after reading the message , timothy stares at the screen , motionless . 
 two days later timothy is performing a dissection in the lab when dr. wilson and the chief of staff , donald driver , approach his table . 
 timothy stands up when he sees the two men approaching him . 
 they stop at his desk and dr. driver abruptly says , `` we received the autopsy report on your test patient , stephanie johnson . 
 the pathologists do n't believe she died of the cancer . '' 
 dr. wilson is nervous and shifts his stance . 
 dr. driver continues , `` it looks like somewhere between six weeks prior to your injections and eight weeks into the treatment , her cancer was going into remission . 
 the hospital 's top pathologists performed the autopsy and said the cause of death is inconclusive ; the one thing they can agree on is that she did n't die of the cancer . '' 
 timothy 's at a loss for words . 
 he stands rooted to the spot , his mind reeling . 
 dr. driver slowly shakes his head and says , `` as soon as i signed off on this , i knew i was making a mistake . 
 we now have a woman who 's died , not from her cancer , but possibly from an experimental drug . '' 
 he pauses , glaring at timothy . 
 `` to make matters worse , you 're the only one , most likely in the world , who has any significant data on this theory , making you the only expert . '' 
 he looks at dr. wilson and says , `` i blame myself . 
 my gut told me this theory was going nowhere , but my curiosity got the better of me . '' 
 he pauses , then turns to timothy , `` now that you 've roped this hospital into a civil action that 's undoubtedly coming , tell me ... where 'd you come up with the theory that led to this drug ? 
 you at least owe us that much . '' 
 when timothy remains silent , driver persists , `` did you read it in someone 's thesis and pass it on as your own ? '' 
 timothy , having tuned him out moments before , still does n't reply . 
 he focuses his thoughts on stephanie 's immune system , thinking about what tests he would run if he had access to her body . 
 driver asks , `` you 're not going to answer ? '' 
 timothy says , `` there is another possibility . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` you 're assuming that because the cancer was so significantly diminished , the reduction must have begun weeks before i injected the drug . 
 but ... '' driver interrupts , `` you 're not going to imply what i think you are ... '' `` but what if the reduction in cancer did not start until i began the injections ? '' 
 timothy pauses , then adds , `` maybe my drug did kill her ... but not before it began to cure her . '' 
 nothing is said for a moment . 
 driver breaks the silence , `` i highly doubt that 's the case . 
 and the woman 's family is asking questions that i ca n't answer . 
 the hospital attorneys are going to start asking me those same questions . '' 
 he angrily throws his pen onto the table , and says , `` you 'll be expelled from medical school unless i have on my desk by tomorrow morning a complete report of what you think caused her death . '' 
 he then storms out , shaking his head . 
 dr. wilson looks at timothy and asks , `` what do you think happened ? '' 
 timothy replies , `` i have some ideas ... i 'll keep you posted . '' 
 as dr. wilson hurries to follow after driver , timothy sits back down at the table , opens his laptop , and sends an email to amelia . 
 are you watching ? 
 that night , just after midnight , timothy 's in the hospital morgue breaking every rule in the book . 
 he has stephanie johnson 's body on a gurney and is conducting his own autopsy . 
 keeping the room pitch black and wearing an intense halogen light on his forehead , he knows this is more like breaking and entering than trespassing . 
 he 's trying to analyze what 's left of stephanie 's ravaged body after driver 's pathologists had at her . 
 he whispers to himself , `` you hacks , '' as he begins to bag samples for later testing . 
 timothy suddenly hears something and turns off his headlamp . 
 he leans over stephanie 's body and lifts his head to listen in the darkness . 
 a moment goes by as he listens intently , hoping the security guards are n't doing their rounds . 
 being so close to stephanie 's face , his fear triggers a morbid thought , and he whispers , `` do n't say anything , stephanie . '' 
 he remains still , waiting and listening . 
 he hears nothing and turns his light back on . 
 but then he hears a sound coming from behind him , deeper into the room . 
 that 's the last place he 'd expect to hear something . 
 turning in that direction , he shines his headlamp on a cadaver covered by a sheet . 
 he holds still for a moment , staring at the covered body , looking for movement under the sheet . 
 realizing his imagination 's getting the better of him , he nervously whispers , `` do n't be ridiculous , '' and returns to his work . 
 the following day , wbc issues a news report the news anchor begins , `` this is pamela stevens reporting from our wbc news studio in new york with some breaking news . 
 we 're going to show you an island that 's generating a great deal of speculation and creating some travel headaches . '' 
 the monitor next to her shows an aerial view of an island . 
 she continues , `` this is a satellite image showing the island , which is several hundred miles off the pacific shore of costa rica . 
 this island 's airspace has just been classified as restricted , designated a no fly zone within a hundred miles . 
 all airports within five hundred miles of this island have been notified , and airlines have had to do some scrambling to divert their flights around it . 
 `` according to inside sources , a coalition has been formed between the governments of the u.s. , canada , france , australia , and the united kingdom , and it is this coalition that has acquired the remote island for some unknown purpose . 
 these countries are , of course , the same countries whose alzheimer 's laboratories have recently claimed to have found a cure for the disease . 
 these five nations are the only ones permitted within one hundred miles of this island , which is located at ... '' she pauses and looks at her notes , then says , `` six degrees north latitude and eighty-eight degrees west longitude in the pacific ocean . 
 there 's much speculation regarding this island and its intended use by this newly-formed coalition . 
 we 'll bring you more information on this developing story as it becomes available . '' 
 mountain state university pierre dupont , a fourth-year medical student , is working in the radiology department of msu hospital . 
 the son of a renowned diplomat , pierre 's about five years older than timothy , tall and quite thin . 
 his thick-rimmed glasses make him look older than he is , and distinguished . 
 a french native , pierre came to the u.s. , not only to gain some freedom from his traditional family , but also to travel , learn english , and meet new people . 
 his love of travel and adventure , combined with an intense desire to help the underprivileged have encouraged him to perform international charity work . 
 timothy 's and pierre 's worlds are about to collide . 
 pierre 's finishing up a case in the msu radiology lab , when he stumbles upon something curious . 
 he holds up a set of ct scan images , studying them . 
 he places them on a screen and looks at both images closely . 
 just then , he sees a nurse walking by . 
 he asks the nurse , `` who is stephanie johnson ? '' 
 the nurse stops , admiring his french accent . 
 she responds , `` she passed away two days ago . 
 she was a first run test patient for a new drug . 
 `` under what physician ? '' 
 `` not sure ... denise was in charge of her . '' 
 pierre says , `` thank you , '' and she continues on her way . 
 he turns back to the images . 
 after a few minutes , he walks down to the morgue and says to the mortician , `` i need to see 42236 . '' 
 `` over here . '' 
 he opens up a freezer and slides her out . 
 pierre sees what 's left of her and says , `` good lord , what happened ? '' 
 `` she 's been very popular . 
 anybody who 's anybody has had a crack at her . '' 
 pierre asks , `` what are they saying ? '' 
 `` they are n't talking . 
 are those her duplicate ct scan images ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you might want to hide those . 
 i 'm hearing she might become classified . '' 
 pierre nods his head , taking one last look at her . 
 pierre heads back upstairs and directly to denise 's desk . 
 he sees her looking over someone 's chart and asks , `` may i speak with you for a moment ? '' 
 she says , `` sure , '' and they walk to a private area . 
 pierre cuts right to the chase and asks , `` what drug were we testing on stephanie johnson ? '' 
 `` i 've been instructed not to talk to anyone about her . '' 
 `` can you at least tell me how long she was on it ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 not wanting to get her in trouble , pierre halts his inquisition . 
 `` i understand , '' he says and gracefully bows his head . 
 when he turns to walk away , she says , `` pierre . '' 
 he stops and turns back . 
 she looks around , then whispers , `` timothy hutchins . '' 
 pierre does n't recognize the name , but he nods and says , `` thank you . '' 
 later that night , the media continues its coverage of the coalition 's island `` this is ryan tilley reporting for cns news with the latest developments on that mysterious island in the pacific that was recently acquired by a coalition of five countries . 
 here is a satellite photo of the island . '' 
 a photo appears on the screen . 
 `` this image depicts the island nine weeks ago . 
 as you can see , there 's nothing happening . '' 
 the screen then changes to show a new image , and ryan continues , `` now this is a satellite image from today . 
 it shows what appears to be a landing strip being excavated and some buildings being built . 
 for what purpose , we do n't know . 
 all we can tell you is that there 's a lot of activity on this island and seems to be a large-scale effort . 
 no one on the inside is talking , and the coalition 's governments have refused to comment . 
 `` we do know that the coalition is strictly enforcing the hundred-mile no-fly zone around the island . 
 curious pilots attempting to enter that restricted airspace have been met with f-16 fighter jets and quickly escorted to the nearest military base . 
 we 'll certainly bring you more on this intriguing story as it unfolds . '' 
 meanwhile , back at mountain state university timothy 's in the lab conducting a dissection . 
 pierre walks in and watches timothy work for a moment , then walks towards him . 
 timothy feels someone approaching , and looks up to see pierre . 
 he says , `` not quite finished . 
 give me about forty-five minutes . '' 
 pierre , not sure to what timothy 's referring , says , `` good afternoon . '' 
 timothy 's surprised by the accent and asks , `` are you here from the morgue ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm a fourth-year medical student here at the school . '' 
 `` oh , sorry about that . 
 i was expecting the orderly . '' 
 `` no apology necessary . 
 i 'm usually over in radiology . 
 my name is pierre . '' 
 timothy smiles and says , `` i 'm timothy . '' 
 `` this is your first year ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 so this is your last year , huh . 
 what are your plans when you graduate ? '' 
 `` i 've submitted an application to physicians worldwide . 
 i hope to be accepted upon the completion of my studies . '' 
 `` i like you already . 
 they have a great reputation and their causes are noble . '' 
 pierre smiles and says , `` you will perhaps join when you graduate ? '' 
 `` i had n't thought about it , but i will now . 
 for the time being , i 'm focused on medical research . '' 
 `` well , that 's a noble cause too . 
 i must be going . 
 it was nice talking with you . '' 
 `` nice talking to you too , '' timothy says , as pierre turns and walks away . 
 the next day , a hospital in paris eight of the finest oncologists and medical researchers in the world are meeting in a large conference room at a hospital in paris . 
 they 're standing around a table , examining four ct scan images , when the door opens . 
 the team stops talking and turns around , as jacques bousquet , the president of france , walks in . 
 he says , `` please sit , '' as he reaches the head of the table , not caring about formalities right now . 
 he quickly asks , `` have you determined her cause of death ? '' 
 the team 's leader , dr. henry gautier , says , `` there would be no way to determine this without knowing what drug she was given . '' 
 jacques pauses and asks , `` but what do you think ? '' 
 pressing for an answer . 
 dr. frank , an austrian physician , says politely , `` these ct scan images ... they do n't ... '' he scrambles for the right words , finally saying , `` it 's so unlikely . '' 
 a german scientist , dr. holbrook , says , `` she most likely went into remission , but ... '' he pauses , afraid of jumping to conclusions . 
 dr. wingfield from new zealand says , `` it was rapid ... '' but he stops himself , looking around at the rest of the team . 
 jacques , desperate for more , urges , `` come on , tell me what you think . '' 
 dr. farrell , a british oncologist , says , `` i 've never seen a remission ... this rapid . '' 
 dr. bellerose , a french physician , says , `` mr. president , i 'm a bit familiar with that hospital . '' 
 the other doctors are surprised at that and look at him eagerly . 
 he continues , `` a student of mine attended that university . 
 he sent me emails telling me things i found quite intriguing . '' 
 he pauses and looks around the room . 
 jacques , fully absorbed , says , `` go on . '' 
 dr. bellerose continues , `` we think of the americans as being slow from theory to testing ... sometimes taking years from the hypothesis to an actual test subject . 
 their government restrictions sometimes make them impotent ... and that 's why i found these emails so puzzling . '' 
 dr. farrell demands , `` but what did your student say in the emails ? '' 
 `` he said this particular hospital does not appear to be following certain protocols and the physician in charge was not adhering to government restrictions . 
 many researchers chose that hospital , knowing their cancer drugs may be implemented . '' 
 he adds , `` there are even some extreme examples where students received approval for patient testing . '' 
 the doctors all stare at him . 
 he 's about to expand on that , when the door opens and a well-dressed man brings in a folder . 
 the man hands the folder to the president , who opens it and begins reading something . 
 when he finishes , he asks quietly , `` who 's amelia accola ? '' 
 the scientists look at each other in surprise . 
 they all know who she is , but are wondering why her name would be mentioned here . 
 dr. farrell says , `` she was a cancer research specialist . 
 she died a few years ago . '' 
 `` she was misguided , '' dr. frank says , shaking his head in disapproval . 
 dr. farrell adds , `` some believe her theories were too radical . '' 
 `` she never produced a hypothesis that was widely accepted , '' says dr. wingfield . 
 dr. bellerose quickly takes offense at the direction of the comments . 
 he looks at dr. wingfield and asks , `` did you ever work with her ? '' 
 realizing he may have misspoken , he answers , `` no . '' 
 dr. bellerose looks at the other physicians and asks , `` did any of you work with her ? '' 
 they all shake their heads no . 
 he continues , `` did you ever test one of her theories ? '' 
 they look around at each other , but no one answers . 
 bellerose continues , `` i worked with her for twelve years at the swiss institute . 
 i assure you , she was not misguided . 
 she was one of the most brilliant scientists i 'd ever met . '' 
 he glares at the rest of the men . 
 then he looks at jacques and asks , `` why has her name been brought up now ? '' 
 jacques looks back down at the folder and says , `` no reason , '' as he continues to read the email exchanges between timothy and amelia dating back to their first correspondence when timothy was in sixth grade . 
 finally , jacques looks up and says , `` we 've tried every measure you suggested : the double mastectomy , chemo-therapy , radiation , and even several experimental drugs . 
 my wife is dying as we speak , and i 'll do anything to save her . 
 i know all of you have done everything to try to save sophie 's life , but we all know that if we continue on this course she 'll be dead before the year 's out . '' 
 jacques looks at each them . 
 `` when she dies , a large part of me will die . 
 so i am not only fighting for her life , i 'm fighting for mine . '' 
 jacques stands up and walks to the window to gaze outside . 
 the scientists and physicians await jacques ' next words . 
 he says quietly , `` the ship we 're on is heading for the rocks . 
 we have to change course . '' 
 he continues to stare out the window , saying , `` in the end ... i 'm faced with only one question . '' 
 he turns to the physicians and muses , `` to what lengths would i go ... to save sophie 's life ? '' 
 meanwhile , media coverage of the coalition island continues wbc news broadcasts a report on the nightly news . 
 the anchor begins , `` good evening , i 'm garret dalton with wbc news in new york , bringing you the latest news on the coalition island . 
 i 'm going to show you some photos of the island . '' 
 as the photos appear to the viewers , garret continues , `` these show the beautiful island in the pacific ocean , a massive island stretching approximately nine hundred square miles in size . 
 the island 's thick trees provide a canopy from the sun , there 's an abundance of fresh water fed from underground springs , and white sandy beaches surround its perimeter . 
 now , i 'm going to show you the latest satellite images of the island . '' 
 the satellite photos appear on the screen , as garret continues , `` as you can see , more buildings are being constructed on the island and the airstrip 's being expanded . 
 the conditions of the island and the obvious expansion of construction taking place on it , are causing a great deal of speculation . 
 what the coalition of governments is building there is anyone 's guess . 
 we are awaiting a press conference from the coalition to find out more . 
 until then , we 'll keep you informed of any developments . '' 
 mountain state university timothy 's in the lab by himself . 
 he 's typing on a keyboard with one hand while at the same time peering into the chest cavity of a cadaver . 
 pierre and another man enter the laboratory . 
 they 're quite a distance away from timothy and he does n't know they 've entered . 
 they stop and study him , taken aback by his multitasking . 
 like most people who witness timothy 's unusual skill for the first time , they just watch for a moment . 
 then , pierre and the man walk towards timothy , who lifts his head . 
 he recognizes pierre right away and nods at him . 
 he notices that the other man is extremely well-dressed , wearing a formal grey suit . 
 pierre says , `` father , this is timothy hutchins . 
 timothy , this is my father , jean claude dupont . '' 
 timothy quickly removes his gloves to shake his hand . 
 he says , `` nice to meet you , sir . '' 
 jean claude says , `` nice to meet you . 
 i understand you spend much of your time committed to the cure for cancer . 
 what you 're doing is very noble . '' 
 `` thank you , sir . '' 
 jean claude adds , `` my best friend 's wife is dying from stage 4 breast cancer . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that , '' timothy replies . 
 nothing is said for a moment , then pierre reveals , `` my father is the ambassador of france to the united states . '' 
 timothy looks at jean claude with surprise , as his mind begins to race . 
 he contemplates the possible scenarios that have brought the three of them together . 
 timothy had been curious after pierre 's first visit , wondering what prompted it , but the past few seconds have sent his mind into overdrive . 
 pierre breaks the silence and reveals , `` my father is best friends with the president . '' 
 timothy thinks for a moment . 
 he 's about to ask , `` michael shepherd ? '' 
 but his mind beats him to the finish line and he quickly connects the dots . 
 from stephanie johnson , the talk of the hospital ... to pierre , to pierre 's father , to the president of france , ... to the first lady of france being in the final stages of breast cancer . 
 timothy 's facial expression does n't change , but he is alarmed . 
 he knows his cancer drug is still in the testing stages and whatever they 're thinking is out of the question . 
 not knowing how to respond , he says , `` wow , you 're a man of distinction . 
 ca n't say the same for myself . '' 
 pierre and his father laugh . 
 trying to cut this meeting short before they start asking questions about his drug , timothy says , `` i hope we can chat more later , but i have to get these samples downstairs before they leave for the day . '' 
 pierre says , `` of course . 
 it was nice to see you again . '' 
 `` you too . '' 
 jean claude says , `` pleasure to meet you , timothy . 
 do n't work too hard . '' 
 `` i 'll try . 
 nice to meet you , sir . '' 
 later that morning , timothy 's peering into a microscope in the lab , when pierre walks up to him . 
 as pierre stands next to him , timothy continues his work , not looking up . 
 finally , without lifting his head , timothy says , `` it 's entirely out of the realm of possibility . '' 
 pierre does n't say anything back . 
 timothy lifts his head from the microscope and looks at pierre , who says , `` she 's going to die anyway . '' 
 timothy just looks at him , shaking his head in disbelief , `` she 's being treated by a panel of the finest oncologists in the world . 
 she 's stage 4 and passed the point of no return . 
 i 'm sorry , pierre , but she 's going to die . '' 
 `` that 's my point exactly . 
 she has no hope right now ... all she wants is a chance to fight , even a small chance . '' 
 timothy thinks a moment , and a thought flashes in his mind . 
 he asks , `` did you send them the ct images of stephanie johnson ? '' 
 pierre does n't respond and timothy stares at him , waiting . 
 finally , timothy shakes his head in disbelief and says slowly , `` you sent them the scan results . '' 
 `` timothy , they 're willing to try anything . 
 they know she 'll likely die soon . '' 
 `` but not by my hands . 
 it 's an experimental drug . 
 even if it was the golden ticket , it would n't be approved for market for another five years . '' 
 `` you can consider her a case study . '' 
 timothy says angrily , `` the first lady of france as a case study ? '' 
 as he glares at pierre . 
 `` what does it matter if she 's going to die anyway ? '' 
 timothy rifles through different scenarios in his mind and says , `` i 'll tell you why it matters . 
 if she dies at the hands of an american college student , it 'll create an international incident . 
 the media backlash against the united states would be fierce . 
 the u.s. government would distance themselves from me by accusing me of practicing medicine without a license and possibly charge me with aggravated manslaughter ... '' timothy takes out the slide from the microscope , puts it in his medical bag , then looks at pierre , `` that 's why , even if there was a chance my drug would work , i would n't be stupid enough to use the first lady of france as a case study . '' 
 he walks out of the lab before pierre has a chance to say anything else . 
 later , timothy emails amelia . 
 he writes a single word : trouble . 
 media speculation about coalition island continues ty miskimen , a wbc news commentator , begins the segment , `` we have in our studio today a very special guest , retired general andrew bloomsted from the u.s. military . 
 thanks for being with us today general bloomsted . '' 
 he responds , `` thanks for having me . '' 
 getting right to the point , ty asks , `` general , tell us , what are the coalition forces building on that island ? '' 
 the general says , `` that 's the million dollar question , but if i had to guess , i believe it 's some type of military prison like guantanamo bay . 
 possibly for terrorists convicted of atrocities around the globe . 
 it would provide a central location to incarcerate those terrorists and keep them isolated from the rest of the world . 
 the images show a fenced-in area with some buildings , which would imply some type of a prison system . 
 they may be intending to create a coalition judicial system there , similar to a military tribunal where charged terrorists would be given the same rights as other individuals accused , but not yet convicted , of a crime . '' 
 ty asks , `` what other theories have you heard so far ? '' 
 `` it 's a short list . 
 i 've heard some speculation of a nuclear power plant capable of producing enormous power , safely away from populated areas . 
 the rest of the speculation is too farfetched to be taken seriously . 
 obviously the coalition is dealing with something of major importance for them to have so quickly embarked on this venture . 
 you usually ca n't get five countries to agree on anything , and for them to agree and act this quickly without so much as a peep of what they 're up to , means they were fully committed from the get go . 
 i only know this : the location , being out in the ocean , tells me that whatever or whoever they have there , they do n't want to escape . '' 
 ty says , `` interesting . 
 now , let 's turn to our other guest on the panel . 
 this is mary boyd , founder of the activist group ` no more lies , ' a watchdog group that keeps citizens informed of government overspending . 
 mary , your group uncovered the infamous bridge to nowhere that was about to cost tax payers a hundred and eighty million dollars until your group shined the spotlight on it . '' 
 she nods her head in agreement as he says , `` and citizens are loudly voicing their disapproval of this pacific island project , saying it 's just another case of government overspending . 
 what do you say to that ? '' 
 she eagerly responds , `` this is unconfirmed of course , but i 've heard from a reliable inside source that the five governments paid a whopping four hundred million dollars for this island . 
 if this is indeed a prison for terrorists , critics who 've seen the small , fenced-in area and landing strip say the coalition could have purchased the island directly south of it for only four million dollars , and that island could easily have contained the airstrip and prison . 
 why they felt they needed nine hundred square miles is beyond me . 
 also , the costs of shipping food , medical supplies , and the prisoners themselves , by plane or by boat , is going to far exceed the cost of the island in no time flat . 
 this should 've been set up somewhere more accessible because as it stands , it 's a logistical nightmare . '' 
 ty says , `` i agree . 
 i do n't know why it needed to be so far from a mainland . 
 i should also add that the coalition governments have put a gag order , or a ` no photo order ' if you will , on our satellites . 
 the government has sent us a formal letter stating that if we show any more satellite images of the island , we 'll be brought up on federal charges and prosecuted to the full extent of the law . '' 
 general bloomsted jokes , `` you may be the first inmate in the new prison . '' 
 ty and mary both laugh . 
 mountain state university when timothy walks into the lab , pierre is there waiting for him . 
 timothy heads over to his station , and pierre follows , saying in a soft voice , `` what if several months from now , it turns out your drug is the cure ? 
 and all that we needed to do to save the first lady of france was to give it to her ? '' 
 `` that would be nice ... but you know there 's only a one in a million chance of that . '' 
 he pauses for a moment , then adds , `` i 've been giving this a great deal of thought . 
 i do n't want to be involved with her treatment , but here 's what i can do . '' 
 he reaches into his medical bag and holds up a tray with eight vials . 
 `` this is it . 
 this is the drug . 
 the first lady 's team can administer one vial , once a week , precisely as i did with stephanie johnson . '' 
 he hands pierre the tray . 
 pierre does n't accept the tray , nor does he say anything . 
 eventually , timothy says , `` i 'm giving you this in good faith . 
 give it to her team of physicians . 
 it 's the best i can do . '' 
 he extends the tray for pierre to take . 
 pierre takes the tray and sets it on the countertop . 
 he sighs , saying , `` it 's no longer that simple , '' as his demeanor changes . 
 noticing pierre 's defeated look , timothy asks , `` what are n't you telling me ? '' 
 pierre slowly turns around and walks a few feet to the window , staring out at nothing . 
 timothy waits for him to say something . 
 after a moment , pierre says , `` they 're coming here . '' 
 a shiver runs down timothy 's spine . 
 he pauses and stops himself from getting upset . 
 he looks at pierre and says quietly , `` do you have any idea what you 've done ? '' 
 he picks up his bag and walks out . 
 suddenly exhausted , timothy walks back to his dorm room . 
 he enters the room and tosses his things on the ground . 
 then he turns off the light and collapses onto his bed , as his mind replays six different scenarios . 
 all six end poorly , not only for him , but also his parents . 
 his life up to this point has been geared towards one day attending medical school and finally being granted access to state of the art lab equipment , cadavers for dissection , and live patients . 
 he has enjoyed the freedom for his mind to discover new things as his impulses guide him in all directions . 
 he has accomplished more in the past six months at the university than during the rest of his life , and he has n't even scratched the surface . 
 timothy realizes his timeline has just turned into an hourglass if what pierre says is true and a plane is crossing the atlantic . 
 chapter four mountain state university . 
 colorado . 
 the morning after timothy gave pierre his drug , the perimeter of the msu campus is buzzing with townspeople going about their daily routine . 
 main street in downtown aurora is filled with shoppers , joggers , and students . 
 it has rained the last three days and the weatherman 's forecast of all day sun is ringing true . 
 all of a sudden , people start pointing at something down the block . 
 a caravan of five pristine , black suvs is stopped at the end of the street , waiting for the light to turn green . 
 when the light changes , the caravan proceeds single file to the next intersection , stopping in front of the local coffee shop . 
 everyone wonders who the caravan 's escorting . 
 when the vehicles proceed again , they make their way through the town before turning into the msu hospital 's parking garage . 
 in the main lobby of the hospital , the elevator doors open . 
 eight men in black suits step out , making way for a woman in a wheelchair being pushed by a distinguished looking gentleman . 
 the receptionist at the front desk looks at them curiously as they approach . 
 the gentleman pushing the wheelchair approaches the desk and says in a thick french accent , `` excuse me , i believe you are expecting my wife , sophie bousquet . '' 
 the woman looks on her computer and says , `` yes , we were . 
 we just need you to fill out the name at the top and sign it , '' as she hands the clipboard to him . 
 `` we 'll have you fill out the rest of the forms once she gets settled into her room . '' 
 as jacques signs the form , the receptionist looks over the eight men standing behind him . 
 the men remain quiet as jacques hands the clipboard back to her . 
 she says , `` thank you , sir . 
 to get to your room , take those elevators over there up to the fifth floor . 
 someone from our staff will meet you up there and take you to the room . '' 
 jacques says , `` thank you , '' and begins to push sophie to the elevators . 
 the men follow him , as the receptionist and other hospital staff look on in wonder . 
 fifteen minutes later , several s.w.a.t. vehicles speed through the unsuspecting streets of aurora , blowing through traffic lights . 
 without sirens or flashing lights , they begin to surround the msu hospital . 
 tactical officers jump out of the vehicles and sprint to all corners of the building to secure it . 
 four of the officers run to the front vestibule of the hospital and through the door . 
 the officers quickly approach the front desk and demand , `` has jacques or sophie bousquet checked into this hospital ? '' 
 the same receptionist who greeted the bousquets nervously says , `` yes . 
 she just checked in . '' 
 an officer demands , `` what room ? '' 
 `` 504 . '' 
 without hesitating , the officers run to the set of stairs and begin their ascent . 
 just then , a helicopter descends from the sky and lands hard on the roof of the hospital . 
 the hatch bursts open and more officers emerge , sprinting to the four corners of the roof and laying down on their stomachs . 
 they train their rifles on the streets , peering through their scopes . 
 two of them dart to the stairwell , fling the door open and bolt through . 
 about ten minutes later , the streets of downtown aurora have been blocked off with barricades and the sidewalks have been cleared of civilians . 
 only law enforcement personnel remain visible , ranging from police officers to secret service agents . 
 another caravan of black suvs passes through town . 
 the lead vehicle makes a hard left into the msu hospital parking garage and the rest follow . 
 a few minutes later , secret service agents escort president shepherd out of the garage and into the now abandoned hospital lobby . 
 four agents board the hospital elevator with him , and two stand guard . 
 as they 're carried up to the fifth floor , the president 's secret service agent mutters , `` what was he thinking ? '' 
 president shepherd looks straight ahead and says , `` in case anyone was wondering how much he loves her ... '' and they both smile . 
 the door slides open and the president steps out to see the hallway lined with security . 
 the president follows the agents , saying quietly to one , `` the taxpayers are gon na be thrilled with this one . '' 
 the agent smirks . 
 president shepherd enters the room and sees a couple of french guards , and then a familiar face . 
 he walks up to jacques and smiles , `` good morning , jacques . '' 
 they shake hands vigorously . 
 jacques says , `` good morning , michael . '' 
 in a world of powerful leaders and arrogant posturing , these two have managed to maintain a friendly and honest relationship . 
 they genuinely like each other and are too confident in themselves for game playing . 
 president shepherd says , `` this was very sudden . 
 we would 've picked you up from the airport . '' 
 jacques says politely , `` your office was informed of our change of presidents . '' 
 president shepherd smiles , `` they woke me at two in the morning to tell me that . 
 but , they failed to mention you were coming to the states . '' 
 jacques shrugs and responds , `` we require no special treatment . 
 we have come as civilians , but we thank you for your gracious welcome . '' 
 president shepherd pauses , thinking jacques must be in denial to think he can resign as the beloved president of france and suddenly become a civilian again . 
 when he looks at jacques ' wife , sophie , his heart sinks . 
 he quickly sees what would cause a man to give up everything . 
 he has n't seen sophie for about a year and the last time he saw her , he remembers telling her that she looked like jackie kennedy . 
 sadly , this no longer rings true . 
 she has declined further than he thought . 
 softening his demeanor , he walks over to sophie 's bedside and says warmly , `` sophie . '' 
 she extends her hand and he gently takes it in his . 
 `` if there 's anything i can do ... please do n't hesitate to call me . 
 karen and i are at your beck and call . '' 
 she says , `` thank you , michael . 
 you are too kind , but please remember that i am not here as a first lady , i am only here as a patient . '' 
 president shepherd says softly , `` karen thinks the world of you . 
 she 'd love to come here to visit you whenever you feel up to it . '' 
 `` that would be nice . 
 let her know i said hello . '' 
 president shepherd hesitates for a long moment ; he has a question , but is afraid to ask it . 
 finally , he turns to jacques and whispers , `` what brought you here to colorado ? 
 when we last spoke , sophie was getting the finest care from around the world . '' 
 `` we are here for , well ... perhaps the less you know the better , if that is okay . '' 
 president shepherd knows these words are often used in government circles , so that one can deny knowledge if things go bad . 
 he assumes this has to do with a new form of treatment this hospital has stumbled upon and he answers , `` i understand . '' 
 jacques adds , `` there is one thing you can do for us . '' 
 `` anything . '' 
 `` there is a gentleman being detained at the elevator . 
 he is the chief of the hospital . 
 could you please ask him to give us any assistance we require ? '' 
 president shepherd answers , `` of course , jacques . '' 
 president shepherd signals in a secret service agent and asks , `` is the chief of staff waiting to come in ? '' 
 the agent says , `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` great . 
 let 's get him in here . '' 
 the agent responds , `` yes , sir , '' talking into his earpiece as he exits the room . 
 a moment passes and sophie asks , `` karen is doing well ? '' 
 `` she 's doing very well ... visiting her parents in san francisco this weekend , '' he says , smiling broadly . 
 sophie adds , `` she 's a wonderful woman . '' 
 `` there is no doubt that jacques and i both married over our heads . '' 
 they all laugh . 
 just then , dr. driver walks into the room and is completely shocked by who he finds there . 
 president shepherd says , `` you must be the chief of staff , '' and extends his hand . 
 astounded , driver responds , `` yes , sir , mr. president , i 'm dr. donald driver . '' 
 president shepherd asks , `` have you met jacques bousquet , the former president of france ? '' 
 driver looks at jacques and says , `` no , sir , '' and shakes jacques ' hand , saying , `` pleasure to meet you . '' 
 jacques says , `` you as well . 
 this is my wife sophie , your newest patient . '' 
 dr. driver is unable to mask his astonishment over the new arrivals to his hospital . 
 president shepherd says , `` dr. driver , i 'm sure you 've been informed of sophie 's condition . 
 she and mr. bousquet have asked that you give them whatever treatments she may need . 
 do you foresee that being a problem ? '' 
 driver says , `` not at all , we 'll do everything we can to help . '' 
 `` good . 
 now , if you 'd excuse us for a moment . '' 
 `` of course , mr. president , '' driver responds , as he turns and leaves the room , wiping beads of sweat from his forehead . 
 shepherd looks at jacques for a moment , then sophie . 
 he hates himself for the thought that just ran through his mind , but he has to address the issue . 
 choosing his words carefully , he asks , `` would you mind , jacques , if i tell you what i 'm thinking ... so that we keep everything above board ? 
 i do n't want to keep anything from you or sophie . 
 i consider both of you friends , and an open line of communication is , as you know , essential . '' 
 jacques says , `` of course michael ... please speak freely . '' 
 shepherd smiles and nods his head . 
 `` this is a delicate situation . 
 i do n't think i need to tell you that . 
 the united states is not , shall i say , well-liked everywhere in the world . '' 
 he pauses for a moment , walking over to look out the window , then says , `` the united states has had its ups and downs for the past fifteen years or so . 
 internationally , we 've taken a beating . 
 we 're trying to rebuild the trust that 's been lost . '' 
 he tries to lighten the mood , saying , `` i guess we could use a better public relations department . '' 
 jacques nods , but does n't smile . 
 shepherd pauses . 
 he knows that sophie being here has the makings of an international incident , and jacques resigning as french president , then immediately coming to the united states , of all places , makes it even more volatile . 
 he knows this is a no win situation for the united states . 
 if the bouquets have come to the u.s. for a miracle , america will receive one more black eye when it fails to save sophie . 
 he finally asks , `` are you sure the united states is the best place to ... '' he stops himself from saying what he 's thinking , that sophie probably should n't die here in the u.s. . 
 there 's no good way to phrase the question , and he realizes how insensitive it would be to say one more word . 
 he says , `` forgive me ... i apologize , '' as his demeanor changes . 
 `` we are very happy to have you here . 
 whatever brought you to this hospital ... i hope , i pray , that it works . '' 
 he turns to sophie , `` if there 's anything i can do ... '' and writes a phone number on a piece of paper . 
 he hands it to jacques and says , `` this is the phone number of a secret service agent who 's never more than a stone 's throw away from me . 
 his name 's randy . 
 this is the fastest way to get in touch with me . 
 call anytime , day or night . '' 
 jacques responds , `` thank you michael . 
 i know this has put you in a very difficult situation and we would n't have burdened you with this if we did n't feel it completely necessary . '' 
 `` you 're not a burden . '' 
 he tries some humor , adding , `` a security nightmare , but certainly not a burden . '' 
 he gets the reaction he wants , as they both smile . 
 jacques says , `` pertaining to that issue , the good people of this town will soon hate us if you continue to block the streets and do n't allow them free passage to conduct their lives . 
 and ... remember , i am not the french president any longer . '' 
 shepherd says , `` we may have overreacted ... '' jacques interjects , `` may have ? '' 
 smiling broadly , shepherd says , `` you 're right , as always , jacques . 
 they closed the streets for my arrival , so those will reopen shortly . 
 but ... i guess we do n't need the s.w.a.t. team here . '' 
 jacques laughs , and shepherd says , `` i would feel better leaving you with some added security , though . 
 so some of the agents will stay . '' 
 `` as you wish , michael . '' 
 meanwhile , international news networks report a breaking story . 
 one reporter begins his broadcast , `` hello , this is david aguirre , cns , reporting live from paris , france where last night jacques bousquet resigned as president of france , stunning the french people . 
 the speaker of the senate , vincent moreau , who was next in line for the presidency , has just been sworn in as president . 
 `` there had been talk within his party that , with only eight months remaining on his final term in office , jacques bousquet may resign to spend more time with his ailing wife , sophie . 
 but it was only talk ... so you can imagine the shock as french citizens awoke this morning to the news of his resignation . 
 insiders say sophie bousquet 's health has been deteriorating at a rapid pace , and as a result , jacques bousquet was having difficulty performing his presidential duties . 
 still , this move came as a complete surprise to everyone , including those closest to the president . 
 political strategists have stated that turning the reigns over to the speaker of the senate , who also happens to be a member of the same party , was a strategic move to gain a foothold in the next election . 
 the party has assured the citizens that this move has not weakened the country , and as of 10:00 p.m. at the swearing in of vincent moreau , it was business as usual . 
 `` outside of the french government , however , it is anything but business as usual . 
 there was initial shock when citizens awoke to the news , but now , as you walk through the streets of paris , there 's widespread sorrow . 
 jacques bousquet is beloved by the people , with an astounding seventy-six percent approval rating . 
 you would have to go back to albert lebrun for those kind of numbers . 
 he 's leaving some difficult shoes to fill . 
 the people of france have already expressed indifference to the newly-sworn president moreau and there will likely be a backlash from this turn of events . 
 we 'll bring you more on this developing story later . 
 david aguirre , cns , paris . '' 
 back in colorado . 
 as soon as president shepherd 's cavalcade pulls out of town , the streets reopen and news trucks begin to pour in . 
 the media teams are routed to a parking lot where they set up their cameras . 
 a wbc news reporter begins a live broadcast , `` this is carolyn croft coming to you live from just outside mountain state university hospital in aurora , colorado where the former president of france , jacques bousquet , and his wife sophie are the center of attention . 
 why mrs. bousquet would elect to forego the excellent care she was receiving in france , and travel here to colorado , is a mystery . 
 according to our sources , within one hour of resigning as french president last evening , jacques bousquet and his wife were aboard a private jet and on their way to the united states . 
 it 's no secret that since sophie bousquet was diagnosed with breast cancer sixteen months ago , a panel of who 's who in the cancer treatment arena has been treating her . 
 that is , until last night . 
 if she was receiving the finest medical care , the question is : ` what changed ? '' ' 
 later that day , washington d.c. president michael shepherd walks across the white house lawn towards a podium to give a press statement . 
 as he approaches the stand , he sees a commentator he has n't seen for a while . 
 he winks at him , then begins his speech in his usual charismatic way . 
 he starts his speech , `` the white house was briefed in the early morning hours about jacques bousquet 's resignation as president of france and the smooth transition of vincent moreau as the interim president . 
 i have spoken on the phone with the new president and given him my blessings . 
 however , this news comes with some sadness for me . 
 i 've met many people during the course of my presidency ... none finer than jacques and sophie bousquet . 
 i feel honored to have them visiting us in the u.s. . 
 it 's no secret that they are going through a very difficult time regarding sophie bousquet 's health . 
 please try to understand their situation and give them the privacy that your family would hope for under similar circumstances . 
 i would like to ask , of those who pray , to please say a prayer for sophie tonight . '' 
 back at msu hospital . 
 news trucks occupy the majority of the east parking lot outside the hospital . 
 the local police department has been transformed into traffic directors for news vehicles . 
 the ` coalition island ' news that 's been inundating the airwaves of late has n't allowed the reporters any ` on the scene ' coverage . 
 they now have a story with the live coverage they 've been waiting for . 
 a wbc news reporter awaits her cameraman 's cue . 
 when he points to her , she begins a live broadcast , `` i 'm carolyn croft , wbc news , in aurora , colorado . 
 it did n't take long for hundreds of well-wishers to quickly converge here at mountain state university hospital to support the former first lady of france , sophie bousquet . 
 sophie 's admirers are coming from all over , some holding prayer vigils on the hospital lawn , some placing flowers out front , all hoping for sophie 's recovery . 
 we 're awaiting a statement from the physicians regarding her condition , and we 'll update you with any developments . 
 carolyn croft , wbc news . '' 
 restricted airspace surrounding the coalition island . 
 a private cessna plane has just breached the no-fly zone surrounding the island . 
 the pilot and his two passengers are drinking beer and laughing . 
 one of them says , `` what are they gon na do , shoot us down ? '' 
 as they all laugh louder . 
 `` i say we keep going , we 've already flown this far . 
 i want to get a glimpse of that island . '' 
 suddenly , two blackhawk helicopters drop down from above , flying dangerously close to the small plane , sending the men into a panic . 
 the choppers begin to lower their missiles , pointing them directly at the cessna . 
 one of the blackhawk co-pilots shouts into a loud speaker : `` you have entered restricted airspace . 
 you have three seconds to bank hard right or we will be forced to shoot you down . '' 
 the cessna pilot quickly banks hard right , spilling his beer in his lap . 
 his two passengers hang on tightly , as the pilot pushes the small plane to its limits , trying to comply with the demand . 
 he straightens out the nose after turning , as the helicopters keep pace . 
 the pilot in the lead helicopter announces , `` we will escort you to the nearest military base . '' 
 smiling , he adds , `` the fine will be thirty-two thousand dollars . '' 
 the other helicopter pilot laughs . 
 they usually wait until landing to give violators the bad news . 
 mountain state university hospital . 
 the morning after sophie bousquet 's arrival , chief of staff donald driver arrives at the hospital . 
 as he drives up to the hospital entrance , his vehicle has to be escorted through barricades set up by the local police department . 
 he 's shocked at the crowd that has formed in just twelve hours . 
 when he enters the lobby , he quickly walks up to the reception desk and asks a clerk , `` when did all this start ? '' 
 `` shortly after you left last night , '' she replies . 
 just then , a man in a white lab coat walks past him . 
 driver sees his face , but it takes a moment for him to grasp who it is . 
 as he turns and watches the man walk away , dr. wilson approaches and says , `` you 've missed a lot , donald . 
 i 've been trying you on your cell phone . '' 
 bewildered , driver says , `` i had it turned off for a bit . 
 was that dr. harvey from switzerland ? '' 
 he asks , pointing at the man down the hall . 
 wilson answers , `` yes . 
 bousquet 's entire treatment panel is here . 
 dr. holbrook from germany , dr. farrell from england , dr. bellerose from france . '' 
 `` if she was bringing her panel , what do they need us for ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but it has something to do with stephanie johnson . '' 
 driver stares at him a moment with a perplexed look and asks `` stephanie johnson ... what about her ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but they 're down in the morgue going over her body . '' 
 beginning to fume , driver asks , `` what ? '' 
 `` they 're down there right now . 
 i knew you would n't be happy . 
 i 've been trying to call you . 
 driver asks angrily , `` who gave them permission to do that ? '' 
 `` they said you did . 
 you told the president that you 'd give them whatever they needed . '' 
 driver thinks a moment and says , `` we released her body back to the family . 
 she was in the middle of transport when i left yesterday . '' 
 `` mrs. bousquet 's physicians stopped the transport . '' 
 driver stares at wilson , as his blood pressure climbs , asking `` stephanie johnson 's family agreed to this ? '' 
 `` i talked to them this morning . 
 they 're very cooperative and eager to help . 
 they told the physicians they could analyze her body as long as they needed to . '' 
 starting to turn red , driver asks , `` where 's timothy hutchins ? '' 
 wilson shakes his head , `` i have n't seen him . '' 
 `` have her physicians asked for the drug used on stephanie johnson ? '' 
 `` no ... not yet anyway . '' 
 seething , driver says , `` i want to make something perfectly clear , and if you see hutchins before i do , relay this message to him . 
 sophie 's doctors will be asking for that drug . 
 hutchins can prepare eight rounds for them , just as he did for stephanie johnson . 
 but under no circumstances can he divulge to them the drug 's formula . 
 if anyone gives out that information , they 'll be prosecuted to the full extent of the law . 
 that drug is the property of mountain state university and anyone that had access to it better understand that . '' 
 wilson knows he 's about to overstep his bounds , but says anyway , `` you thought it impossible that this drug pushed stephanie johnson into remission , and you all but accused timothy of killing her ... now that it appears a world class cancer team thinks there 's something in that drug worth investigating , you want to guard it like it 's the holy grail ? '' 
 not used to wilson standing up to him , driver says calmly , `` do n't forget who you work for , martin , '' and storms off . 
 that afternoon , a conference room in the white house , washington , d.c. world leaders from the coalition governments and scientists from the five alzheimer 's institutes , once again find themselves gathered in the same large conference room in the white house . 
 having been summoned to this meeting by a note from ` sam ' , the leaders are expecting another letter from him , which they hope will reveal the formula for compound m . 
 while they await president shepherd , they watch a televised news broadcast from a monitor on the wall , and they do n't like what they 're hearing . 
 grinning , president shepherd walks into the room and says , `` amazing how quickly five countries can build a laboratory and an air strip . '' 
 he does n't get the light-hearted grins he was expecting and quickly notices that the group 's distracted by something on the t.v. , so he begins to watch . 
 the news commentator on the t.v. is saying , `` some experts believe compound m is found within the human body and it has most likely been altered into an unrecognizable compound . 
 some of those same experts are saying that the coalition governments are trying to kill two birds with one stone : locking up terrorists and curing alzheimer 's . 
 experts are saying that what they 've done on the island , in particular building a massive fence around the center , means the coalition 's constructing a prison for terrorists , from whom they want to harvest compound m for their alzheimer 's drug . 
 several watchdog groups are already condemning any and all notions of harvesting and say they will fight vigorously to make sure this is not tolerated within civilized society . 
 we 'll bring you more on this story as it develops . 
 sylvia anderson , wbc news . '' 
 president shepherd turns off the t.v. and says , `` if any of that 's true , i may be exiled to that island myself . '' 
 the group laughs . 
 he adds , `` with my dog moody . '' 
 they laugh again , as the door opens and a staff member rushes in with an envelope and hands it to the president . 
 the president asks her , `` a homeless guy ? '' 
 she responds , `` twelve-year-old girl this time . '' 
 the president jokingly asks , `` is she in lock down ? '' 
 `` they questioned her a bit and let her go . '' 
 president shepherd begins to open the envelope , asking the group , `` you ready ? '' 
 the group members nod , sitting up straight and looking at each other in anticipation . 
 shepherd unfolds the letter and sees a hand-written formula on it . 
 he studies it for a moment , hoping some of his high school science classes would provide some insight . 
 then he looks up at everyone and says , `` it seems simple enough . '' 
 he smiles , knowing he has no idea what he just read . 
 he hands it to the scientist next to him and the other scientists quickly jump from their seats to read it over his shoulder . 
 there 's a long pause as the members look at each other , waiting for some insight , and the scientists study the formula . 
 one scientist points to something in the formula . 
 the other scientists know what he 's referring to and seem bewildered . 
 none of them says anything . 
 they just shake their heads , seemingly unfamiliar with the symbol . 
 finally , president shepherd asks , `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 one of them replies , `` the formula contains a letter ` t. '' ' deputy prime minister blake asks , `` what does that mean ? '' 
 the scientist answers , `` t in this equation is unfamiliar to us . 
 the creator of the formula has intentionally used a letter that has no connection to this particular formula . '' 
 another scientist adds , `` i agree . 
 the letter t does n't fit here , but we know this formula must be correct , because we tested the samples on patients ... and it worked impeccably . '' 
 another scientists says , `` i 'm going to make an assumption : even though ` t ' is the smallest component of the formula , it 's the most vital . '' 
 his colleague says , `` yes , ` t ' is the key . '' 
 after a long pause , president shepherd asks , `` how intelligent is this person we 're dealing with ? '' 
 a scientist says , `` if you remove the possibility that he stumbled upon it -lrb- and i think we can all agree that it 's too complex for that -rrb- , then you 're left with time ... that is , the amount of time it would require to compute and test millions of combinations to arrive at this specific equation . '' 
 president shepherd asks , `` what are you saying ? 
 another scientist says , `` he 's saying you could take the world 's top thousand scientists , lock them in a laboratory for fifty years , and they would probably be unable to come up with this exact formula . '' 
 frustrated , deputy prime minister blake asks , `` i personally do n't care how smart this person is . 
 the question is , can you find t ? '' 
 one of them answers , `` in the first letter , he told us that this began as a natural compound . 
 if we assume that ` t ' in the formula represents a living organism with biological properties , imagine plugging in every natural substance on earth for ` t , ' starting with aardvark proteins and going to zebra plasma . 
 that 's the mammals . 
 then move on to fish , microbes , birds , venoms and toxins . '' 
 another scientist adds , `` it could be the toxin from a lion fish or the bone marrow from a snowy owl . '' 
 president shepherd says , `` you 're saying this individual was able to run through all those tests in order to figure out the natural compound used in the theorem . '' 
 a scientist stands up and says , `` correct , but we 're missing the big picture . '' 
 everyone waits for him to elaborate . 
 he looks at a colleague and says , `` amongst us , you 've had the most experience searching for the cure for alzheimer 's . 
 twenty-three years , correct ? '' 
 he answers , `` correct . '' 
 `` now that you see the precise formula of the drug , when do you believe you would have discovered it ? '' 
 the room goes quiet . 
 his heart sinks , as he realizes he never would have produced that exact formula and his last twenty-three years seem to have been a complete waste . 
 he looks at the other scientists , who also had numerous years invested in the search , and their stoic faces tell the same story . 
 his eyes begin to water , thinking about the thousands of hours he spent looking through a microscope , research that never would 've produced a viable result . 
 if not for this ` sam , ' he 'd still be searching in vain . 
 finally , he answers , `` never . '' 
 as they all ponder that thought , prime minister bruno asks , `` so where does that leave us ? 
 what if we ca n't ... '' all of a sudden , the same staff member who came in earlier bursts through the door with another envelope . 
 one of the scientists jumps up and intersects the envelope the woman is carrying . 
 he gives it a little tug and the woman just stares at him , not releasing it . 
 the scientist takes the hint and quickly lets it go , as she hands it to the president . 
 shepherd opens it and reads it to himself . 
 he then looks up , and his eyes pan across the group . 
 he looks at the impatient scientist standing next to him and hands him the letter . 
 the scientist quickly reads it . 
 it states : t = tiger white blood cells he reads it aloud to the group , as president shepherd pulls out a second letter from the envelope and reads it to himself . 
 this letter states : pertaining to the fence : scientists go on the inside , tigers on the outside . 
 a broad smile spreads across shepherd 's face . 
 mountain state university hospital . 
 pierre walks through the hospital corridors just after 1:30 in the morning . 
 the hospital has lately become a chaotic madhouse , and he knows it 's his doing . 
 he 's exhausted after acting as chaperone , tour guide , translator , and ambassador to sophie 's physicians . 
 finally heading home for the night , he decides to go through the burn unit , where there 's an exit not yet discovered by the press . 
 the deeper he walks into this more secluded and empty wing of the hospital , the dimmer the lights become . 
 he 's eager to get back to his apartment for at least a few hours of sleep . 
 he turns a corner down a hallway , and out of nowhere , sees a shadow up ahead . 
 a very large shadow . 
 he instantly knows who it is , and relief blankets him . 
 he walks towards the figure and they meet face to face . 
 pierre smiles and says , `` timothy , you should have tried to talk me out of it . '' 
 knowing timothy tried his best to do just that , they both begin to laugh , releasing some of the stress they 've been under . 
 pierre says , `` i realize my name 's now attached to this , the same as yours . 
 when she dies on american soil , and the people of france learn i am to blame , i 'll be an outcast . '' 
 timothy pats him on the back , `` they came for hope . 
 they want to feel they 're doing everything they can up until the very end . 
 sometimes hope , no matter how improbable , takes your mind off the inevitable , and that 's enough . 
 so quit blaming yourself and follow me . '' 
 he turns and walks into the adjacent room . 
 pierre follows , wondering where they 're going . 
 they walk through another door and down an abandoned custodial hall , then head down some stairs to the basement . 
 timothy looks at pierre and says , `` i think the french say ` voila , '' ' as he opens the door to a very old and abandoned laboratory . 
 pierre says , `` wow . 
 how did you find this ? '' 
 `` you 'd be amazed what you find when you ca n't sleep . '' 
 looking around , pierre asks , `` how old is this lab ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , but it 's all that 's left after the 1985 renovation . '' 
 `` so this is where you 've been hiding . 
 driver 's got a search party out for you . '' 
 timothy smiles and says sarcastically , `` i have n't had the opportunity to thank you for that . '' 
 pierre smiles and says , `` no problem , no problem at all , '' as he notices an old microscope . 
 pointing to it , he says , `` look at that . 
 can you imagine looking at slides on one of these ? '' 
 timothy says , `` i grew up using one of these bad boys . 
 it 's a bausch and lomb . 
 as soon as i saw it in here , i knew i was home . '' 
 picking up the microscope , he says , `` this was the only friend i had for nine years . '' 
 he thinks about how long ago that seems and asks , `` can you keep a secret ? '' 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 `` i used to fantasize that my microscope would be on display at the smithsonian a hundred years from now , '' he says , laughing . 
 pierre smiles , saying , `` yeah , i messed that up ... now your old microscope will most likely be used as evidence in your trial . '' 
 they both laugh , as pierre says , `` your life was going perfectly and now you 're hiding out in a basement ... i 'm sorry , timothy , i wish to god i would have listened to you . '' 
 his eyes start to water , knowing nothing good will come from this whole thing . 
 `` pierre ... do n't start getting sentimental . 
 i 've had some time to think down here the past couple days . 
 i do n't know if you knew this about me , but thinking 's my specialty . '' 
 timothy walks over to a counter , picks up a vial and says , `` after stephanie johnson died , i performed my own autopsy on her . 
 i took a whole lot of samples and ... long story short , i revised the drug i gave to her . 
 this is a new version , '' he says , as he hold up the vial . 
 pierre asks optimistically , `` a better one ? '' 
 `` do n't get too excited , pierre . 
 this is n't necessarily the magic bullet . '' 
 pierre 's optimism quickly fades . 
 `` this drug is generation # 5 . 
 i 've revised it several times over the years . 
 driver has my binder with the formula for the previous one , # 4 , the one given to stephanie . 
 that 's now the studebaker of cancer drugs ... it 's obsolete . '' 
 he pauses and says , `` this new drug represents one step closer , pierre . 
 i just finished it , and i 'm going to give it to sophie 's physicians . 
 but ... she 's probably too far gone for any miracles . '' 
 pierre asks , `` when will you give it to her ? '' 
 `` i think it 's time . 
 i 'll be up in the morning . '' 
 `` it 's pretty bad up there . '' 
 `` must be ... sometimes the noise resonates down here . 
 sounds like helicopters are landing on the building ? '' 
 pierre smirks and says , `` yeah . 
 you 've missed a lot . '' 
 meanwhile , the media continues its quest to uncover the mission behind coalition island . 
 a reporter begins a broadcast , `` this is alina baxter for wbc news reporting on location here in wheaton , illinois . 
 we 're hoping to get an exclusive interview pertaining to the coalition island , but first , let me tell you what we know . 
 the coalition forces consisting of the u.s. , france , the u.k. , canada , and australia have been recruiting specially trained soldiers and tactical officers for a special mission . 
 what the mission consists of , we do n't know . 
 the coalition is remaining tightlipped about it , and the individuals being recruited are apparently under a gag order . 
 but we can tell you that the u.s. has recruited some former officers of the navy seals , the delta force , and the elite helicopter pilots known as the night stalkers . 
 other special operation units across the country have also been secured for this unknown mission . 
 apparently some swat officers from bartlett , illinois , just ten miles north of here , have already been transported to an undisclosed location for briefing . 
 we 've heard that the u.k. , france , canada , and australia are also recruiting their best military personnel . '' 
 `` right now , we 're outside the home of thomas adams , a vietnam veteran who was the youngest soldier accepted into the elite green berets back in 1969 at the age of nineteen . 
 he 's now sixty-seven years old and is , from what we 've been told , in excellent shape and still runs marathons . 
 he was heavily decorated and received an astonishing four purple hearts back in vietnam , some forty-eight years ago . 
 according to an inside source , the coalition handpicked this vietnam veteran for a specific purpose . 
 the coalition evidently sees a special trait in his training that makes him well-suited to their purpose . 
 exactly what the coalition sees in him and why he was selected for this mission , is what we 're here to find out . 
 we 've also learned from a reliable source that ... okay , he 's coming out now . '' 
 the camera abruptly turns towards the house , showing a man stepping out of the front door . 
 alina shouts out , `` thomas adams , what can you tell us about this mission and why you were selected for it ? '' 
 adams is dressed in full army fatigues and military boots , with a duffle bag thrown over his shoulder . 
 he walks at a brisk pace , ignoring the question . 
 alina hurriedly calls out , `` can you give us any information about the coalition 's mission ? '' 
 he keeps walking , as she asks , `` what role does your vietnam training play in the coalition recruiting you after all these years ? '' 
 adams continues his quick pace , and alina makes one last attempt to get his attention . 
 she shouts , `` many people feel that your country let you young men down when you returned from vietnam . 
 maybe by refusing this mission , you 'd remind the government that they turned their back on you and you have n't forgotten . '' 
 adams , now twenty feet past her , stops in his tracks . 
 there are a dozen things he 'd like to say to that . 
 she just implied that he 'd refuse to respond when his country asked for his help . 
 that he 'd let his country down and ignore his lifelong dedication to god , country , and family . 
 that he 'd try to teach the government some kind of misguided lesson at the expense of his honor , after he 'd already served his country so valiantly and given up any hope of a normal life after being dropped into that hellhole as a young man . 
 after a moment , he stops himself from those thoughts and tries to regain his composure , taking a deep breath . 
 knowing she has struck a nerve in adams , alina looks at her cameraman and whispers `` get ready . '' 
 adams takes another deep breath . 
 he digs the right toe of his boot into the sidewalk and spins , military style , to face her . 
 he looks her in the eye and stands sternly upright , then vigorously salutes her . 
 digging his toe into the sidewalk , he spins back around , and continues on his path . 
 looking into the camera , alina says , `` well , i tried . 
 as i said , they 're just not talking . 
 we 'll keep you apprised of any new developments , but it looks like it 'll be a waiting game until the coalition gives a press conference . 
 reporting from wheaton , illinois , alina baxter , wbc news . '' 
 the next morning , mountain state university hospital . 
 it 's 8:45 am and timothy 's preparing to meet pierre in the hospital lobby . 
 together they 'll walk up to sophie 's room to meet her . 
 they decided to meet in the main lobby , so that word would get back to dr. driver that there 'd been a `` timothy spotting . '' 
 timothy 's arrived twenty minutes early in order to allow driver time to receive the news . 
 on cue , driver approaches timothy and asks angrily , `` where have you been ? '' 
 timothy calmly responds , `` here in the hospital . '' 
 driver does n't know what to say to that , having expected him to say he left town or went home . 
 he says , `` we 've been looking everywhere for you . '' 
 `` really . 
 i 've been here on campus , studying . '' 
 scowling , driver asks , `` did you give them the drug yet ? '' 
 `` no , do you want me to ? '' 
 driver is again unsure how to answer . 
 he says , `` if they ask you for it , you can give them the drug . 
 but not the formula . '' 
 `` of course ... it would be illegal to give them the formula . 
 that 's the property of the university . '' 
 this was not the confrontation driver was expecting . 
 he says , `` that 's right ... it 's the property of the university . '' 
 they stare at each other for a moment , then driver says , `` ok , then , '' and walks away . 
 just then , pierre walks up to timothy and says , `` i waited for you two to finish . 
 was he mad ? '' 
 `` he was surprisingly calm . '' 
 pierre adds , `` wait ` til he finds out his drug is a studebaker . '' 
 timothy smiles , and pierre asks , `` by the way , what is a studebaker ? '' 
 laughing , timothy says , `` an old car . '' 
 as they walk over to the private elevator servicing the 5th floor suites , timothy shakes his head from side to side and says , `` pierre , one of these days we 're going to have to watch the movie american graffiti . '' 
 smiling , pierre says , `` we 'll do that , i need to learn about american culture . '' 
 `` actually , so do i ... i 've spent my life in a lab , '' timothy says with a chuckle . 
 `` i just know that movie . 
 my dad liked it . '' 
 pierre says , `` not to change the subject , but we 're about to pass through our first security checkpoint . '' 
 `` security checkpoint ? '' 
 `` that 's one of the things you missed . 
 president shepherd was here to visit jacques , and he insisted on leaving some intense security behind . '' 
 `` president shepherd was here ? '' 
 as they reach the elevator , the security agent guarding it grips his weapon a little tighter . 
 pierre says to the agent , `` hello , travis , '' then quickly turns to timothy , saying `` you need to put this on , '' and hands him a security card to wear around his neck . 
 timothy puts it on and nods to the agent , as they enter the elevator . 
 as the elevator doors begin to close , the agent exhales , and says , `` i 'm sorry , i ca n't do it . 
 please step out of the elevator . '' 
 confused , timothy and pierre look at each other . 
 then pierre says , `` yes , sir , '' and they step out . 
 the agent asks , `` who 's he ? '' 
 pointing to timothy . 
 pierre replies , `` he 's a scientist at the school . '' 
 the agent says , `` i do n't mean to give you a hard time , but understand my position . 
 if he 's a one man wrecking crew and takes out the bousquets , it would be world war three . '' 
 he turns and speaks into his earpiece , `` could you come down ? '' 
 pierre says , `` you 've been letting me bring scientists in and out for two days . '' 
 the agent says , `` my sister could beat up those guys . 
 we have a different protocol for six-foot-five guys , than we do for sixty-year-old bookworms . 
 i 'm not trying to be a jerk , but if i sent him up there without giving them a heads up , they might draw on him . '' 
 the elevator door opens and an agent comes out . 
 startled , he looks timothy up and down , asking , `` who is this guy ? '' 
 the agent replies , `` pierre says he 's a scientist . '' 
 pierre interjects , `` he is a scientist . 
 here 's his badge . '' 
 the agent looks at the badge and says , `` ok , travis , pat him down and they 'll ride up with me . '' 
 travis frisks timothy , and then they all get in the elevator . 
 the other agent speaks into his earpiece , `` i 'm coming up with a new scientist who 's been cleared for entry . '' 
 the agent upstairs responds back , `` why do i need to know that ? '' 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 timothy and pierre look at each other nervously , as pierre begins to understand how security threats are viewed on a person-to-person basis . 
 for the first time in his life , timothy wishes he were shorter . 
 when the elevator doors open , three agents are standing in the hall , waiting . 
 when they see timothy , their demeanor quickly changes . 
 one of them discards a sandwich he was holding , staring at timothy . 
 the agent in the elevator says , `` i told you . 
 he 's been frisked and he 's a scientist , '' as he leads them out . 
 the hall is filled with american security agents and french bodyguards . 
 they 've seen old men with clipboards and medical bags coming and going since they were assigned to this detail and security has progressed into little more than idle chitchat . 
 but everything changes when timothy steps out of the elevator . 
 they grasp their side arms , as the agent leading timothy says to them , `` he 's clean . 
 just a scientist . '' 
 as they continue down the hallway , the agent says loudly , `` relax , his credentials check out and he 's unarmed ; not even a pencil . '' 
 one of the french bodyguards from sophie 's room down the hall yells , `` pierre ? '' 
 pierre shouts back , `` martin , he 's a scientist . '' 
 the french bodyguard turns and says something into the room . 
 he gets the response he was looking for and yells back , `` ok , proceed . '' 
 the officers all relax their grip on their weapons and the agent takes them down the hall . 
 one of the agents whispers to another , `` i do n't know what the old record was for the tallest scientist , but i 'm sure it just fell . '' 
 timothy stops for a moment and composes himself after walking a tense gauntlet . 
 he straightens out the lapel in his suit coat and asks pierre , `` how should i address them ? '' 
 `` they do n't care about formalities . 
 do n't worry , '' pierre answers , as he walks into sophie 's room . 
 timothy follows him and sees jacques standing by the window . 
 pierre makes the introduction , `` jacques bousquet this is timothy hutchins . '' 
 `` hello , sir , '' timothy says , as he bows his head and shakes jacques ' hand . 
 `` call me jacques , please , '' he responds . 
 timothy says , `` thank you , jacques , '' then he looks at sophie lying in the bed . 
 suddenly , everything becomes very real to him . 
 he immediately understands how this unusual sequence of events has brought these diverse groups to this unlikely location . 
 only two things can do that ... love and hate . 
 he needs no clarification as to which one triggered this . 
 he can feel it . 
 pierre walks around to sophie 's bedside and says , `` sophie , i 'd like you to meet timothy hutchins . '' 
 timothy approaches her bedside and she puts her hand out . 
 he takes her hand , saying , `` it 's very nice to meet you , sophie . '' 
 `` it 's very nice to meet you too , '' she says in a raspy voice . 
 looking at her , timothy understands how jacques could have given up his presidency to be with her in her final days . 
 even in her weakened state , he can see she 's a quite elegant and beautiful woman . 
 jacques sits next to sophie on her bed . 
 they take each other 's hands and look at each other . 
 jacques then turns to timothy , `` sophie and i met in high school . 
 i was very awkward , with not many friends . 
 she was popular . 
 every boy in the school expressed interest in her . 
 all the girls wanted to be her . 
 it was not just her beauty , but also the way she carried herself ; she was strong and independent , compassionate and kind-hearted . 
 all the traits you would want in a lifelong friend and companion . 
 i could think of a hundred reasons why i wanted to be with her , but i could n't think of one reason she would choose me over the other boys . '' 
 he pauses and smiles at her , then says `` i 've never told you this , sophie , but i told god that if he would bring you to me , i would spend the rest of my life loving you , with all my heart . '' 
 a tear falls down her cheek and then another . 
 he leans over to hug her and time stands still . 
 for a brief moment , they 're able to forget everything around them . 
 timothy and pierre stand silent , not wanting to disturb the moment . 
 sophie wipes her eyes and says to timothy , `` i know you must be feeling a lot of pressure . 
 i 'm sorry for exposing you to that , and i want you to know ... we are expecting no miracles . '' 
 jacques then asks a very blunt question , `` timothy , if you were us , what would you do ? 
 would you go back to paris , or would you stay ... and take a chance ? '' 
 sophie 's surprised at the question , but glad he asked it . 
 they all look at timothy , waiting for an answer . 
 timothy waits a moment , thinking . 
 he says , `` if you 're ready to give up , then i would go home to be with your friends and family . 
 if you want to fight for more time , then i would stay . '' 
 sophie asks , `` which would you do ? '' 
 `` i believe , no matter how small the chance ... i would fight . '' 
 the room is quiet for a moment , then timothy opens his medical bag and takes out several vials of his cancer drug . 
 he places them on a table and says , `` here it is . 
 i 'll leave it up to you . 
 if you decide to use it , i 'll meet with your physicians and explain to them the process for administering the drug . '' 
 sophie nods and says , `` thank you , timothy . '' 
 the next day , inside the pentagon . 
 president shepherd and the coalition leaders , along with dozens of scientists , are in a large conference room at the pentagon being briefed by a british scientist . 
 he says , `` please bring up the next slide on the screen . '' 
 the screen shows a large map , and he continues , `` this depicts an overhead view of our island . 
 it shows the territories designated for the tigers . '' 
 he points to the image and continues , `` these will be the borders if there are thirteen hundred tigers captured , which is what we 're projecting . 
 `` we 're estimating that we 'll get one hundred sumatran and siberian tigers , that is if russia and china agree , and eleven hundred bengal tigers . 
 this map shows the fencing that 'll keep the different types separated from one another in order to prevent breeding amongst the sub-species . 
 we 'll keep the siberian tigers to the north , '' he says , as he points to that region with a laser pointer , `` the sumatran tigers will be to the south , and the bengal tigers will inhabit both the east and west beaches , as well as the entire center of the island . 
 also , as each cub reaches adolescence , it 'll be transported to an area away from its birthplace to protect against in-breeding . '' 
 he finishes with , `` any questions ? '' 
 an australian leader raises his hand and asks , `` pertaining to compound m , does it matter if , for instance , a bengal tiger mates with a siberian tiger ? '' 
 the scientist answers , `` no . 
 for compound m , it would not matter if all the sub-species eventually were to evolve into one single species of tiger . '' 
 `` then why separate them ? '' 
 the scientist responds , `` this is not only a medical strategy to , shall we say , alter nature 's plan to benefit the human race , but also a conservation effort . 
 you have to ask yourself the question , ` does the sumatran tiger deserve a place on this earth ? ' 
 if we decide to breed all the tigers together at this moment in time , fifty years from now , there 'd be no trace of sumatran tigers left . 
 i think we can all agree that the sumatran tiger , which has been on this earth for twelve thousand years , deserves a place in our future . 
 we also believe that in this controlled habitat , the tigers will have such breeding success , that we 'll eventually be able to reintroduce many of the tigers back into the wild in their home countries . '' 
 another leader asks , `` where will the white tiger be ? '' 
 the scientist says , `` there wo n't be any white tigers . 
 white tigers only exist because of a rare and recessive allele in the bengal tiger 's gene pool . 
 people intentionally in-breed them , father with daughter and mother with son , to obtain the white gene , which brings along many debilitating birth defects . 
 these tigers spend most of their lives suffering . 
 of course , we will not engage in this practice . '' 
 the same leader asks , `` i thought the siberian tiger that lives in the snow was the white tiger ? '' 
 the scientists quietly laugh , and the speaker says , `` that 's a myth . 
 it 's quite rare to find white tigers in the wild . 
 the white tigers you see in circuses and zoos are inbred for man 's viewing pleasure . 
 you can research it if you do n't believe me . '' 
 the scientists smile at this remark , as he adds , `` you could help white tigers immensely by refusing to visit zoos and circuses that display them . 
 now , let me continue . 
 `` there 's a healthy supply of underground springs feeding the entire island , so each tiger territory has an ample supply of freshwater . 
 all the tigers will have a tracking device to let us know which one they are and where they are . 
 `` along with the on-site scientists , the island will contain another fearless group . 
 we 'll refer to this group as trackers . 
 they will have tranquilizer guns , nothing more . 
 the unfortunate fact is that they will be both the hunter and the hunted , and they will be paid handsomely for this dangerous job . 
 the white blood cells need to be harvested from the tigers in the lab . 
 the trackers will tranquilize the tiger , delicately transport it to the lab for the procedure , and then deliver it back to its location on the island . 
 `` the white blood cells are harvested from the tigers without diminishing their quality of life in any way . 
 this is an in-out procedure that only takes about forty-five minutes . 
 the tigers will be on a biannual rotation , heading into the lab every six months for the procedure . 
 pregnant females and those with young cubs will , of course , have a reprieve from the rotation . 
 `` the tigers will lead a beautiful existence outside the lab . 
 i 'm most certain they would choose an inconvenience twice a year to live on what we 're calling ` tiger island ' , instead of living in fear of poachers and bulldozers . 
 as of now , tigers are headed for certain extinction within the next thirty years . 
 so this island is important on many levels . 
 are there any questions ? '' 
 australian prime minister jacobsen asks , `` what will they eat ? '' 
 `` excellent question . 
 bring up the next slide , please . '' 
 the slide shows a newspaper clipping from the state of wisconsin , on which the headline reads , overpopulation of deer is inhumane . 
 he continues , `` the state of wisconsin has a severe deer overpopulation . 
 the overpopulation is causing many deer to die of starvation ; there are simply too many . 
 the deer are extremely successful breeders ... and the predators , namely the wolf and the bear , which used to keep them in check , have been decimated . 
 our plan is this : when a wisconsin hunter walks into a store for a deer hunting license , he or she may choose to purchase the standard sixty dollar license to shoot , kill , and eat the deer . 
 or , the hunter may choose a free license , in which they are loaned a tranquilizer rifle . 
 the hunters will stalk and hunt the deer as they normally do , but instead of using a bullet , they 'll use a tranquilizer dart . 
 this tranquiller will keep the deer sleeping for twenty-four hours , until it awakes in its new habitat on tiger island . 
 this may sound cruel , but once the hunter had the deer in his sites , it was already marked for death . 
 this way , it may live a day longer , or possibly a month longer if it 's quick . 
 are there any further questions ? '' 
 prime minister bruno asks , `` how will you get the tigers to the island ? '' 
 he hesitates before answering . 
 finally , he says , `` i 'm a scientist . 
 you 'll need a different kind of a man for that . '' 
 chapter five mountain state university . 
 sophie has been transferred to a larger room to accommodate all the physicians . 
 they 're ready to begin the first round of injections of the cancer drug . 
 her bed has been adjusted to hold her in an upright position . 
 jacques and their daughter , genevieve , stand at her bedside . 
 sophie 's main physician , dr. henry gautier , sticks the syringe into the vial and draws out the drug , as sophie squeezes jacques ' hand tightly . 
 the physicians , pierre among them , look on intently , their minds racing with anticipation and anxiety . 
 one week later , a military base in california . 
 the special operation agents chosen by the coalition governments are being briefed in a military hangar regarding the tiger island mission . 
 the commander of the mission , john naydenoff , stands on a stage and addresses them , `` you are the squad leaders of this mission . 
 there are approximately six hundred of you in this hangar today . 
 you are comprised of u.s. , british , french , canadian , and australian troops . 
 each of you will be leading a team of approximately five to ten men and women , as we have six female officers . 
 we will , from now on , refer to the squad members as ` trackers . ' 
 when this briefing is completed , you will each need to brief your team on what is said here . 
 the first thing you will let them know is that you , and they , will be at great risk . 
 you 'll also let them know the following : there will not be any live rounds permitted on the mission . 
 anyone caught with live ammunition will be immediately relieved of their duties . 
 nor will you be permitted to have knives , riot batons , pepper spray , or anything else that could injure the cats . 
 you will instead be equipped with this tranquilizer gun . '' 
 he hoists the rifle up to show them . 
 `` this rifle has tremendous accuracy and a range of about fifty yards . 
 you will also be equipped with this little guy here , '' he holds up a gun and says , `` i 'm sure most of you are familiar with this . 
 if you 've ever been in a riot situation , you know that this shotgun shoots beanbags . 
 this beanbag gun may help you , or it may upset the tiger even more ... so use your discretion . 
 `` the most important thing you need to know is that your life in this mission is not worth a tiger 's life . 
 there are about seven billion humans on this planet and only about three thousand tigers . 
 preserving the tiger is important . 
 however , there 's an even higher purpose to what we 're doing here ... a top secret purpose , which is above most of your security clearances . 
 therefore , we ca n't afford to lose even one tiger . 
 if you think your life is more important than that , you need to excuse yourself right now . 
 `` if a tiger is mauling someone on your team , shooting it with the tranquilizer gun probably wo n't help because the tranquilizer takes a minute or two to take effect . 
 so you have two choices : shoot a beanbag at it , or jump on its back and see if you can pull off a miracle . 
 we wo n't be there to help you . 
 how we can help you is by educating you on your adversary . 
 anyone who has ever been lucky enough to survive a tiger attack , says it was deafly quiet right up until they had four hundred pounds of flesh , teeth and claws doing what millions of years of evolution had programmed them to do ... kill . 
 poachers who 've lived to tell the tale say they 've watched their comrades get mauled by a tiger they thought they were hunting , when it was , in fact , hunting them . 
 `` each of you squad leaders were hand-selected by your commanders . 
 each of you has your own special talents . 
 your specialized training puts you a cut above the rest . 
 but the tiger does n't care about that . 
 in hand to hand combat , without being able to shoot or stab it , an adult tiger could hold its own against twenty of you , and end with ten of you dead and the other ten on the run . 
 at the same time you 're stalking the tiger , the tiger will be stalking you . 
 they are n't afraid of lopsided numbers . 
 they 've been known to attack campfires of forty or more people . 
 tigers are one of the few cats that will kill for fun . 
 they 're opportunistic and if they see something that looks like a good time , they will engage . 
 the worst thing you can do is run . 
 if you run , it will give chase , and an olympic sprinter given a quarter mile head start would eventually have a tiger on his back . 
 you will have a kevlar vest , but that 's only for your peace of mind . 
 the tiger will tear through it like a t-shirt . 
 `` these are maps showing where the tigers are located in each of the countries . '' 
 a huge screen behind him shows several detailed maps . 
 he continues , `` there are n't that many tigers left , and you may go weeks without seeing one . 
 or , you may parachute right in the middle of their hunting grounds . 
 either way , the tigers will have home field advantage during this entire mission , giving them the edge . 
 `` the tiger is cunning and highly intelligent . 
 the terrain is their camouflage . 
 whether it 's dense rain forest or tall grassy marshlands , they blend in . 
 you could be twenty feet from one , and as you squint your eyes to see what 's up ahead , find yourself looking into its face just before it leaps on you . 
 `` in sum , do not underestimate this super-predator . 
 you 'll be in some god-awful conditions in some of the most treacherous ecosystems on earth , and you need to be prepared . 
 so remember everything i 've just said ... and relay all of it to the trackers on your team . 
 `` now ... i know most of you are going to be unfamiliar with these terrains , but there 's one commander here today who was chosen because of his experience in vietnam . 
 a lot of the tigers ' territory is similar to what he saw in action forty years ago and his expertise will come in handy . 
 is thomas adams present ? '' 
 adams raises his hand and says with command , `` yes , sir . '' 
 naydenoff says , `` vietnam is one of the tigers ' habitats , but we 'll leave it up to you whether or not you choose to be assigned to vietnam . 
 many of the other terrains are quite similar , so your expertise will be valuable in those areas as well . 
 also , to our canadian rangers , you will have some advantage dealing with the rough terrains , similar to what you deal with in your country . 
 `` we will drop your squads of trackers , via parachute , into the zones where we believe the tigers are located . 
 this is because landing strips may be hundreds of miles away , and where you 're going , there are few or no roads . 
 the tigers have been chased to the farthest reaches of civilization . 
 they realized that the farther they got from man , the better . 
 so , you 're going to be in the middle of nowhere . 
 we will have helicopters stationed near active tracking grounds , ready for quick transport back to the landing strip . 
 when you tranquilize a tiger , the chopper will be a radio call away . 
 `` there is a ` one tiger per team member ' policy in place . 
 if you are lucky enough to tranquilize one , you 'll be on the next plane home . '' 
 just then , naydenoff is told through his earpiece that the u.s. president is on the line . 
 he presses a button and says , `` mr. president , commander john naydenoff speaking . 
 you are on speaker with the squad leaders selected for this mission . '' 
 over the radio , president shepherd says , `` good afternoon everyone . 
 i 'm in a boardroom now with the prime ministers of the united kingdom , australia , canada , and france . 
 thank you all for taking part in this dangerous mission . 
 your countries are very grateful . 
 i 'd like to give you an updated list of the territories where you 'll be sent now that some new ones have been secured . 
 we are confirmed for indonesia , malaysia , north korea , india , nepal , bangladesh , thailand , cambodia , and vietnam . '' 
 background noise is heard over the speaker , and he says , `` one moment , gentleman . '' 
 after a moment , he says , `` sumatra is now in play as well . 
 it 's been brought to my attention that the sumatran tiger is the most critically endangered , with only about two hundred left . 
 `` we 've been cleared for airspace and landing strips in all the countries i listed . 
 we 're working on china and russia . 
 `` i do n't think i have to tell you all how important this mission is . 
 godspeed and be safe . '' 
 naydenoff says , `` thank you , mr. president . '' 
 meanwhile , back at mountain state university . 
 all of sophie 's physicians are present and anxiously awaiting the second round of injections of the cancer drug . 
 jacques asks her softly , `` are you ready ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 genevieve and jacques are in their usual positions on either side of her . 
 she grips their hands tightly and prepares herself , as dr. gautier begins the injections . 
 back inside the white house . 
 president shepherd continues his meeting at the white house with the coalition leaders after ending his call with commander naydenoff and the tracker squad leaders . 
 he looks at the leaders seated around him , `` we 'll have to accept the fact that we 're not going to get every tiger in the world . 
 our scientists are saying that our realistic target should be fifty percent . 
 but ... through successful breeding , we 'll get the numbers we need . '' 
 deputy prime minister blake says , `` this is our big opportunity to save the tiger . 
 the more tigers we save , the better i 'll sleep at night . '' 
 `` we have to assume that every tiger left in the wild will be killed by poachers . 
 they 're killed for nothing more than to make a rug out of them or to use their claws , teeth , and whiskers as some sort of a mythical aphrodisiac , '' adds prime minister bruno . 
 `` man had his chance to preserve the tiger , '' prime minister jacobsen says . 
 `` we failed . 
 now is our chance for redemption . '' 
 deputy prime minister blake nods , `` i agree . 
 this mission is obviously very important to all of us . 
 i say , if russia and china wo n't give up their tigers , we should take them . '' 
 president shepherd says , `` ironically , the u.s. had to borrow money from china to pay the other countries for their tigers . 
 if china does n't grant us access , maybe we 'll lose the paperwork on the loan . '' 
 they all laugh . 
 president shepherd looks at the other leaders and jokingly asks , `` you 're all going to reimburse us ... right ? '' 
 three weeks later , mountain state university hospital . 
 it 's been exactly one week since sophie 's fourth round of injections was administered . 
 every physician in her team is in attendance , awaiting the next round of injections of the cancer drug . 
 the physicians have noticed that sophie 's health is showing signs of deterioration , and she has become weaker . 
 the clock is ticking ... they are worried . 
 media coverage of the coalition island continues . 
 wbc news anchor sylvia anderson reports , `` we have some breaking news about the mysterious island in the pacific known as the coalition island . 
 we now have unconfirmed reports that the island has been purchased and designed for the sole purpose of containing tigers . 
 the sources have also indicated that the coalition forces have been creating teams of specially trained soldiers to capture tigers for the island . 
 we 'll bring you more news on this fascinating story as it becomes available . '' 
 another news agency reports : `` this is an unconfirmed report , but we have learned that the tiger may hold the key to ` compound m ' . 
 if true , this is a bizarre turn of events for a creature who 's had a bleak outlook , headed for probable extinction . 
 it now seems the tiger may play a role in curing alzheimer 's and thereby saving millions of human lives . '' 
 another news broadcast begins , `` this is leslie powers , cns news , bringing you the latest on what the internet is now referring to as ` tiger island . ' 
 it is now being reported that the fencing in the center of the island is not a prison , as we at first thought . 
 instead , this fencing apparently serves to protect the scientists from the tigers . 
 why the great lengths to gather these tigers on this island ? 
 we 're still piecing together this puzzle , but it turns out that the tiger may hold the key to the cure for alzheimer 's . 
 we 'll bring you more on this breaking story later . '' 
 one week later , mountain state university . 
 sophie 's condition has been deteriorating at a rapid pace . 
 during the sixth round of injections , the physicians and her family watch helplessly as she struggles through the pain . 
 they would give anything to be able to take it away from her , but she 's already on the maximum amount of painkillers deemed safe . 
 jacques and their daughter genevieve have tirelessly remained at sophie 's side throughout her stay . 
 they 're all looking forward to the completion of the last two rounds of injections , hoping for some , any , small improvement ; but optimism is quickly fading . 
 sumatra -- the hunt begins . 
 inside a small plane , six canadian rangers prepare to jump out . 
 the pilot yells over the engine noise , `` there 's a clearing up ahead in ten seconds . 
 it 's small . 
 i do n't think we should risk it ! '' 
 the rangers ' leader makes a decision for the team . 
 he yells , `` it 's good . '' 
 the pilot yells back , `` okay ... bring us our first tiger , and i 'll have a case of molson shipped to your base camp . '' 
 the first ranger in line yells , `` done ! '' 
 as he jumps out . 
 the other rangers quickly follow suit , jumping in succession . 
 the last in line turns and yells , `` it 's a myth , you know ... not all canadians drink molson ... '' `` so you do n't want any ? '' 
 `` i did n't say that , '' he shouts , as he leaps out of the plane . 
 the co-pilot says , `` you 'd think they 'd be more nervous , parachuting into a tiger 's hunting grounds . '' 
 the pilot says , `` i think they 're more afraid that we wo n't bring ` em the free beer . '' 
 the co-pilot laughs and asks , `` would you hunt tigers for free beer ? '' 
 `` no i would not . 
 i like it up here in the sky . '' 
 back at mountain state university hospital . 
 the medical team walks into sophie 's room and jacques is standing next to her bed . 
 sophie is unconscious , breathing on a respirator . 
 the room is quiet for several minutes until jacques says , `` she asked us to finish , whether there was hope or not . 
 she said as long as she 's alive , keep giving her the injections . 
 she wants to rest in peace knowing she held out long enough to complete the treatment . '' 
 jacques lowers his head and begins to cry . 
 dr. gautier puts his hand on jacques ' back and says , `` as you wish , jacques . '' 
 he then reluctantly takes out a vial and draws the drug into a syringe . 
 as he administers the last round of injections to sophie , there 's an eerie silence in the room . 
 the next day , malaysia . 
 coalition trackers are quietly making their way through the forest , in pairs of two . 
 each group is about a football field 's length apart . 
 one of the trackers whispers to his counterpart , `` my girlfriend has a cat that has taken a liking to me . 
 if a tiger 's about to pounce , give him a second to see if he warms up to me . '' 
 they both laugh quietly , even as they hear their squad leader through their earpieces , `` i 've got an animal carcass over here and it 's fresh . 
 looks like a tiger kill . '' 
 meanwhile , mountain state university hospital . 
 a press conference has been set up outside the hospital . 
 cameras are positioned around a podium , awaiting jacques ' arrival . 
 eventually , he comes down with his daughter and takes his place at the microphone . 
 jacques pauses to look over the crowd of people , then begins , `` we would like to thank all of you for your prayers . 
 the united states has been most gracious and generous in this time of sorrow for our family . 
 sophie ... '' he suddenly becomes emotional and lowers his head . 
 he takes a moment to collect himself , then lifts his head and continues , `` in the past eight weeks , i have learned that sophie is stronger than me ... unfortunately , she does n't have much longer . '' 
 there 's an audible gasp from the crowd . 
 jacques continues , `` thank you , everyone , for your support . 
 we will not forget the tremendous compassion that you have shown to us . 
 to the people of france , if you see this , thank you also for your support and understanding . 
 we will be returning home to you shortly . '' 
 weeping , he turns to genevieve , and they embrace . 
 back in sumatra . 
 after successfully parachuting in , the canadian rangers are heading through the forest , single file . 
 the squad leader studies the ground every few seconds , as the group makes their way through the forest . 
 he mutters , `` crap , '' when he sees that the tiger 's paw prints turn and head into the thick brush . 
 looking at his men , he says , `` here we go ... earpieces on . 
 remember , she 's got two cubs . '' 
 as they head through the dense foliage tracking the paw prints , they remain as quiet as possible . 
 they 're unable to see more than ten feet in front of them in the thick brush , as beads of sweat fall off their brows . 
 their squad leader suddenly raises his fist , and they all stop to listen . 
 after a moment , he lowers his fist , and they continue on . 
 mountain state university hospital . 
 trying to find solace in his work , timothy continues his research in the lab . 
 he 's in the middle of performing a dissection , when his cell phone rings . 
 he sees the name and quickly answers , `` hi , mom . '' 
 she asks , `` would you like your father and me to come out there ? 
 we 're worried about you . '' 
 timothy replies , `` sophie is going to pass away soon , and i 'll come home then . 
 i miss you both . 
 ca n't wait to see you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 we love you , honey . '' 
 `` i love you too , '' he says and hangs up the phone . 
 he walks over to the window and looks out , gazing down at the crowd of well-wishers outside the hospital . 
 amid the large group , a truck suddenly pulls up to the parking garage . 
 it 's too tall to fit through the height restriction of the garage door , so the drivers get out . 
 several french bodyguards in black suits emerge from the garage , as the drivers open the back door of the truck and climb inside to pull out a gurney . 
 the bodyguards climb in and disappear into the darkness of the vehicle , but soon reappear , struggling with a heavy object . 
 they pull a beautiful golden casket out of truck and into full view , as the crowd lets out a collective gasp . 
 the bodyguards then line up , two to a side , and simultaneously hoist the casket onto the gurney . 
 they push it into the garage and disappear from view , as many of the onlookers shake their heads and begin to cry . 
 meanwhile , in sumatra . 
 the squad of canadian rangers continues to hack its way through the thick brush . 
 suddenly , the squad leader stops and puts his fist up , halting the group . 
 he sees a female tiger and her two cubs through a clearing in the forest . 
 as the tiger readies to open the belly of a wild pig she 's just killed , the squad leader quietly drops to his knees , then lies on his stomach . 
 his heart 's pounding rapidly , as he knows he 's about to take the most important shot of his life . 
 his men watch , remaining perfectly still . 
 the leader moves his rifle into a comfortable position and soon has the tiger in the cross hairs of his scope . 
 it 's not until this moment that he fully realizes the beauty of the cat , and he wonders what kind of man could kill one of these beautiful creatures , only for its fur or claws ... leaving the cubs to starve . 
 waiting for the tiger to reveal her side , he imagines the catastrophic possibility that there 's a live round in his government issued rifle and he 's unknowingly about to kill her . 
 he quickly dismisses the thought , knowing there 's no live ammo anywhere in their rations . 
 as the tiger begins to walk around the kill , he seizes the opportunity . 
 taking a deep breath , he eases back the trigger and ... fires . 
 his team flinches as they hear the loud pop . 
 the dart sticks in the tiger 's hind leg , and she immediately starts jumping and running , trying to get the stinging sensation to stop . 
 the cubs cower and burry themselves in the grass , as their mother continues leaping . 
 she changes direction , and the men 's eyes widen as she starts to pounce towards them . 
 their spectating turns to chaos , as they scramble in all directions . 
 suddenly , the tiger changes course again . 
 the men are relieved , seeing that she 's moving away from them and slowing down . 
 the cubs lay quiet in the grass , nervously watching their mother begin to waver and then fall , as the tranquilizer takes effect . 
 the squad leader radios the helicopter and says , `` pick up . 
 do you have our coordinates ? '' 
 the co-pilot answers , `` your coordinates are confirmed . 
 what do you have ? '' 
 `` we have one sumatran tiger with two cubs . 
 there 's a clearing sixty meters northwest of my position . '' 
 the pilot says , `` copy that . '' 
 once the squad leader determines the tiger 's unconscious , he begins to move in alone , trying not to frighten the cubs . 
 the cubs nervously crawl towards their mother , then stop and lie still when they see him coming their way . 
 they begin to whine , trying to wake their mother , knowing she 'll make light work of him ; but she does n't respond . 
 surprisingly , they stay put as the leader approaches , crying out for their mother , but not running . 
 the leader gently grabs a cub and holds it up . 
 `` so you 're what all the hub bub is about , '' he says as he pulls a syringe out of his vest , then uses his teeth to remove the tip . 
 he injects the cub with a small dose of tranquilizer , as it cries out , voicing its disapproval . 
 the leader sets the cub down and gently picks up the other one . 
 it starts whining louder than the first , knowing something bad is about to happen . 
 some of the team members jog over to a clearing where the helicopter 's approaching . 
 the helicopter hovers above them and begins to lower a steel cage . 
 when the cage reaches the forest floor , the men pull a stretcher off the top and run it back to the leader , who 's waiting with the precious cargo . 
 they load the mother onto the stretcher and carry her to the cage . 
 two of the team members follow , each carrying a cub . 
 when one of the men looks back and sees his friend cradling a cub in his arms like an infant , he yells back , `` hey , trevor , maybe you should have kids . '' 
 they all laugh , and trevor says , `` no thank you . '' 
 the team arrives at the cage and gently loads the tiger , setting the cubs in corners , so the female wo n't roll on them . 
 the squad leader radios the co-pilot to say , `` we 're good . '' 
 he replies , `` copy that , '' and the cable begins to spin on a reel , hoisting the cage up to the helicopter . 
 the co-pilot radios the air strip , `` get the plane ready for transport to the island . 
 we have three tigers . '' 
 the controller at the air strip radios back in surprise , `` three tigers ? '' 
 `` well ... two of them are pretty small . '' 
 back on the ground , the rangers celebrate , and their leader radios the pilot to say , `` hey , we 'll take that case of molsen now , if you can parachute it down . '' 
 they all laugh . 
 the pilot responds jokingly , `` i 'm on a very short list of pilots that my government trusts to fly both blackhawk helicopters and f-16 fighter jets . 
 i 'm not a bartender . '' 
 after the laughter dies down , the co-pilot says to the pilot , `` you know what makes that so funny ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` in college , you were a bartender . '' 
 the pilot chuckles and says , `` that was a good one . 
 but i have a good one too ... how about i make a call and have you transferred to the french night-vision team , so you can hunt a super predator in the dark ? '' 
 the co-pilot smiles , and asks , `` little touchy about the bartender thing , huh ? '' 
 mountain state university hospital . 
 timothy walks into the bousquets ' hospital room and sees a comatose sophie , hooked up to a respirator . 
 at her bedside , jacques and genevieve sit in silence . 
 timothy clears his throat and asks , `` may i come in ? '' 
 jacques sees him and says softly , `` of course , please . '' 
 jacques gets up and puts his hand on timothy 's arm , saying , `` thank you for coming . '' 
 genevieve comes over and says quietly , `` yes , thank you for coming . 
 she very much enjoyed your visits . '' 
 `` it was my pleasure . 
 she 's truly a special woman . '' 
 jacques says , `` thank you for helping her feel that she was n't giving up . '' 
 he takes a deep breath , then continues , `` sophie 's physicians say she may remain in a coma for several weeks . 
 or , she may pass away soon . 
 they just do n't know . 
 we 've prepared for the worst by bringing a casket here . 
 however ... after much thought , we 've decided to take sophie back home . 
 i know this is risky , but if she will be this way for a prolonged period of time , we would rather take her back to france . '' 
 timothy looks at him and says , `` i think you 're doing the right thing . 
 i think it 's what sophie would want . '' 
 `` thank you timothy , for everything . '' 
 timothy nods and takes one last look at sophie before leaving . 
 he walks through the halls to return to the lab . 
 his emotions are pulling him in different directions . 
 he was n't expecting her to live , but he knows his drug gave her a fighting chance and he did all he could . 
 as he walks , he picks up the pace , suddenly energized , eager to get back to work . 
 later that evening , timothy is in the lab making a lateral incision on a cadaver , when pierre walks in and approaches him . 
 he looks up at pierre and sees that he 's forcing a smile . 
 timothy asks , `` is it sophie ? '' 
 pierre says , `` no , but i do have some news . 
 my application for physicians worldwide has been accepted , and i 'm leaving next week . '' 
 timothy is surprised by this , but does n't say anything . 
 he just looks at pierre with a stoic expression . 
 pierre says , `` i know the timing is bad . 
 if you want me to postpone it a bit ... just say the word . 
 i know when sophie passes away , the press will keep digging until a name can be attached to this . 
 your news media here usually wants someone to blame , do n't they ? '' 
 timothy pauses for a moment , then says , `` i think driver may be the face they 're looking for . '' 
 they both smile . 
 `` it wo n't be the same here after you leave , pierre . 
 but , i 'm glad you were accepted and you have to go . 
 physicians worldwide is lucky to have you . '' 
 he takes off his gloves and puts his hand out to shake pierre 's hand . 
 pierre hugs him instead , saying , `` i 'll see you again someday , my friend ... '' `` you can count on that , '' timothy says , patting him on the shoulder . 
 `` au revoir , timothy . '' 
 as pierre walks out , timothy sighs and thinks , what a day . 
 pierre has been the closest thing to a friend he 's had in a very long time and he 's sad to see him go . 
 the next day , vietnam . 
 a helicopter hovering at six thousand feet methodically sweeps the tall grasslands of vietnam with its infrared camera . 
 a squad of trackers spotted a tiger a few hours ago , and the air support team has taken to the skies to let their heat seeking technology do its work . 
 eight british trackers are in the back of the chopper waiting for the go ahead . 
 suddenly , the co-pilot sees movement on the screen and yells out over the engine noise , `` i 've got something . '' 
 he zooms in the camera to get a closer look and says , `` we have a visual ... it 's a go . '' 
 each man begins to check the only two things that matter right now , in the order of their importance : the harness buckles of his ` chute and his tranquillizer rifle . 
 the british squad leader leans out and looks down for a landmark to aim towards , but there 's nothing except brown grass and dirt for miles . 
 he yells to the co-pilot , `` you 'll have to guide us in ! '' 
 the co-pilot says , `` roger that . '' 
 he looks at the co-pilot and yells , `` do n't let me land on her ! '' 
 then winks . 
 the co-pilot smiles and says , `` copy that . '' 
 the squad leader wastes no time and jumps out of the chopper . 
 the rest quickly fall in line and jump . 
 the squad leader freefalls for a moment and then deploys his parachute . 
 the other men do the same . 
 as they descend , each man eagerly scans the ground , afraid of landing too near the tiger . 
 the co-pilot says , `` squad leader , come in . '' 
 the leader answers , `` copy . '' 
 the co-pilot says , `` it 's moving . 
 you 're directly above it . 
 go east by thirty meters . '' 
 the leader pulls on the left chord and begins to head east . 
 the men above him follow suit . 
 when the leader 's at two hundred feet , the co-pilot asks , `` do you have visual ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 `` continue on your path . '' 
 the leader scans the tall grass as he descends , muttering , `` it must have spotted us . 
 it 's hiding . '' 
 he shouts , `` grounding in four , three , two , one ... '' he hits the ground and his chute lands next to him . 
 he quickly pulls the rifle strap off his neck , gains the grip of the rifle , and crouches into a firing position . 
 he scans the direction the co-pilot gave him and prepares for a charge . 
 keeping his rifle aimed in that direction , he says , `` talk to me . '' 
 the co-pilot answers , `` it 's dug in . 
 seventy meters west of your position . 
 no movement . '' 
 one by one , the rest of his team lands next to him . 
 they do n't bother rounding up their chutes . 
 they quickly point their rifles in the same direction as their leader , waiting for instructions . 
 once the imminent danger of a surprise leap has subsided , the squad leader holds his scope up to his eye , trying to get a visual . 
 the other men follow his lead and do the same . 
 nobody spots the tiger , so the squad leader hunches over and quietly treks in the tiger 's direction . 
 he looks through his scope , with his rifle ready to fire . 
 then he begins to signal his men to the left and to the right , in order to surround the area . 
 the co-pilot says , `` you 're heading in the right direction , do you have a visual ? '' 
 the squad leader responds , `` no visual . '' 
 `` he 's only forty meters ahead , '' the co-pilot says nervously . 
 the squad leader continues advancing through the knee-high grass , as his team begins to encircle the area . 
 the co-pilot says , `` confirm you have a visual . '' 
 `` negative . '' 
 `` he 's no more than ten meters in front of you , '' `` still no visual , '' the leader whispers , as he moves in closer . 
 `` you 've got it surrounded . '' 
 the leader whispers , `` tightening the noose . '' 
 the pilot says to the co-pilot , `` i do n't like this . '' 
 the co-pilot nods in agreement and says into his headset , `` abort ... each man back up and wait it out . '' 
 the squad leader slowly whispers , `` i see you . '' 
 the pilot and co-pilot look at each other and ask the leader , `` do you have the visual ? '' 
 at a barely audible whisper , the squad leader responds , `` i see its eyes through the grass . '' 
 pausing for a moment , he whispers , `` you are one sneaky cat . '' 
 the co-pilot orders , `` squad leader , begin backing up , now . '' 
 the leader whispers , `` too late for that . 
 it 's ready to ... '' before he can finish his sentence , the tiger springs out of the grass , and leaps for the leader 's head , as he quickly drops to the ground . 
 the tiger over shoots him and lands precariously , trying to right itself for the next attempt , when all of a sudden , one of the men fires his rifle . 
 the dart finds its mark . 
 the leader 's hunched over , ready for another attack , while his squad runs directly towards the tiger , yelling and waving their arms . 
 the tiger pans its surroundings , looking for an escape route . 
 seeing a gap between the men , it bolts through . 
 an instant rush of relief washes over the team . 
 the men turn their focus to their leader , who 's beginning to stand up out of his combat position . 
 one of the men shakes his head and says to the leader , `` you 'd have been better off playing dead . '' 
 another says , `` it 's true , i 've seen you wrestle . '' 
 they all laugh . 
 the co-pilot cuts across the chatter and asks , `` any casualties down there ? '' 
 no one responds at first , so the co-pilot repeats , `` any casualties ? '' 
 as he and the pilot share a nervous look . 
 the squad leader responds , `` we 're all good . '' 
 `` it looked on the infrared camera like one of you should be dead right now , '' the pilot says . 
 the leader smirks and says , `` not today , '' as the team begins to track the prints of the retreating , tranquilized tiger . 
 back at mountain state university hospital . 
 people outside the hospital are consoling and hugging each other . 
 news of sophie 's condition has come through rumor and speculation . 
 most believe she has already passed away . 
 some think she was taken away earlier when a hearse left the garage , but the shades were drawn on the windows and the casket could n't be seen . 
 many are hoping that she 's still inside the hospital . 
 the mood quickly changes when three police trucks whip around the corner , speed to the parking garage entrance , and stop abruptly in front of the driveway . 
 everyone waits in anticipation . 
 the black suvs that pulled into town nine weeks ago begin to emerge from the garage . 
 two of the trucks pull in front of them to take the lead , as the suvs follow . 
 an ambulance with flashing lights joins the procession . 
 the remaining police vehicle pulls into line bringing up the rear . 
 the crowd watches as sophie 's ambulance disappears from view . 
 the next day . 
 paris , france . 
 a british news anchor begins a live broadcast : `` this is heather connelly , wbc news , outside the broussais hospital in the heart of paris , where sophie bousquet has just been received . 
 former president jacques bousquet is , of course , by his wife 's side , as are her other family members and close friends . 
 we are awaiting an update on her condition , but we 've been told that she was comatose and on a respirator when she arrived . 
 inside sources say that due to her diminished capacity , she could pass at any time . 
 but again , this is unconfirmed . 
 there 's been no update from the hospital , only that her team of physicians is monitoring her twenty-four hours a day . 
 no press conference has yet been scheduled . 
 we 'll keep you informed of any developments . 
 heather connelly , wbc news . '' 
 meanwhile , bangladesh . 
 an australian troop of seven men and one woman sprints down a path along a river , running towards a helicopter hovering on the other side . 
 the squad leader , ann-marie , a marathon runner , is effortlessly leading the troop . 
 a tiger is pinned down , nervously crouched in the grass from the deafening noise and downdraft of the helicopter . 
 the co-pilot of the helicopter speaks into his earpiece to the squad leader , saying `` you better hurry . '' 
 hearing the transmission , ann-marie quickly abandons the riverbank route , runs into the water , and begins to wade across with her rifle in the air . 
 the squad members follow and do the same . 
 the co-pilot radios ann-marie , `` the tiger 's directly below us . '' 
 she replies , `` e.t.a. 60 seconds . '' 
 the squad is halfway across the river , when the co-pilot sees that the cat 's ready to bolt . 
 he says , `` it 's gon na move ! '' 
 just then the tiger scrambles in one direction , but changes its mind and runs parallel to the water . 
 it begins to sprint along the riverbank . 
 as it runs past them , ann-marie , still chest deep in water , lowers her rifle from above her head and fires off a quick round . 
 one of the men yells , `` you got him ! '' 
 a red dart can be seen bobbing in the hind leg of the tiger , as it turns and cuts into the forest . 
 the men let out some cheers and one of them pats ann-marie on the shoulder , saying , `` nice shot , mate ! '' 
 the co-pilot radios , `` do n't tell me you hit that . '' 
 a team member says , `` yeah , she hit it . '' 
 the co-pilot shouts , `` outstanding ... you aussies can shoot ! '' 
 turning to the pilot he says , `` chest deep in water , breathing heavy after a mile run , and a tiger sprinting at forty miles per hour ... i 'm not even gon na tell that story back at the base campfire tonight . 
 no one would believe it . '' 
 paris , france . 
 jacques , sleeping at home for once instead of at the hospital , is awoken by his cell phone ringing . 
 he quickly sits upright and answers , `` oui ? '' 
 the caller says , `` we need you at the hospital . '' 
 `` i 'll be right there . '' 
 his heart has taken all it can after watching sophie deteriorate before his very eyes . 
 he knows she stopped fighting long ago ; now it 's only machines keeping her alive . 
 his eyes begin to water , hoping she 's at peace . 
 within fifteen minutes , jacques ' limousine pulls up in front of the hospital and he begins the heart-wrenching walk to sophie 's room . 
 he 's about to enter the room when one of the physicians says , `` please come this way , '' and motions him to come down the hall past her room . 
 jacques glances into sophie 's room and sees that she 's still on the respirator and nothing has changed . 
 he becomes quite upset , shouting , `` what 's going on ? '' 
 the physician nervously tries to calm him and leads him into a laboratory . 
 all of sophie 's physicians are gathered in one area and turn to look at the former president when he walks in . 
 jacques wonders why they 're all here at such an hour . 
 he knows something has changed and asks , `` what is it ? '' 
 there 's a pause in the room ; no one says anything at first . 
 after a moment , a swiss doctor hands jacques one of sophie 's ct scan images and says , `` this is from twelve weeks ago . '' 
 jacques looks at it , then lifts his head , knowing something else is coming . 
 the doctor hands him another image and says , `` this was taken three weeks ago . '' 
 jacques studies it for a moment , then looks back at the doctor with confusion , saying `` this shows no change . '' 
 the doctor hands him a third image and says , `` this was taken two hours ago . '' 
 before looking at the image , jacques stares at the doctor a moment . 
 he then holds it up and studies it . 
 his hands start to shake , and in a trembling voice , he asks , `` what does this mean ? '' 
 the doctor puts his hand on jacques ' shoulder and says , `` we wait . '' 
 jacques asks , `` will she come out of the coma ? '' 
 the physicians look at one another and finally , one of them says , `` we do n't know ... we simply do n't know . '' 
 sumatra . 
 a helicopter arrives at an old , rundown landing strip in the heart of sumatra . 
 a group of men unloads a cage from the helicopter and sets it on the ground . 
 they prepare to load the cage onto a small gulf-stream jet , as one of the men says , `` we have to get this loaded . 
 the tranquilizer only lasts about 24 hours . '' 
 the men peer inside the cage to study the huge , unconscious tiger and they 're surprised to see the cubs sleeping in the corner . 
 one of them says , `` look at these cute , little cubs . 
 it 's hard to believe they 're going to grow up to be ruthless killers . '' 
 as they lift the cage onto the plane through an oversized hatch door , the pilot shouts out to them , `` the cage is locked , right guys ? '' 
 one of the men jokes , `` oh ... you want us to lock it ? '' 
 they all laugh , as they close up the hatch . 
 preparing for takeoff , the pilot says , `` next stop , tiger island . '' 
 meanwhile , the media covers some breaking news . 
 a news broadcast begins , `` this is chase jordan with wbc reporting some breaking news . 
 the russian military has just entered the country of georgia . 
 bordering russia to the south , georgia and its neighbor have had a tumultuous relationship over the past few decades . 
 as we speak , the russian military is continuing to send more troops into georgia . 
 no violence has yet been reported , but the georgians are very concerned , and tensions are high . 
 the georgians do n't seem to be able to stop the russians from coming through their front gate , so to speak , and flooding into the bordering cities . 
 the georgian government is demanding that the united nations reprimand the russian government for their actions , and that russia withdraw their troops immediately . 
 as you may recall , as recently as 2008 , many georgians lost their lives in what the united nations later called an unprovoked attack by russia . 
 let 's hope this is n't a replay of that incident . 
 we 'll continue to monitor this volatile situation and keep you apprised of any new developments . '' 
 mountain state university . 
 timothy is on his way to the lab , when he passes by the cafeteria and hears an anchor speaking on t.v. about physicians worldwide . 
 he stops , quickly walks over to the t.v. , and turns it up . 
 the anchor says midsentence , `` ... . 
 breaking news coming out of darfur , africa . 
 we 're going to take you to nancy wilson who 's reporting live from there . 
 nancy , what can you tell us about this horrific event ? '' 
 timothy sits down in a chair and focuses his attention . 
 he 's alarmed , having received an email a few days ago from pierre saying that he was stationed in darfur . 
 nancy says , `` hello , todd . 
 i 'm here in darfur to report on a tragedy that 's still being pieced together . 
 here 's what we know so far . 
 eight doctors from the international group , physicians worldwide , were slain thursday night in their tents as they slept . 
 they were apparently murdered by the janjuweed tribe during a raid on the village , where the doctors had been treating victims of an earlier genocide attack . 
 we 're going to show the slain physicians ' photos , as physicians worldwide has already contacted their families and released their identities . '' 
 the physicians ' photos flash across the screen with their names printed underneath , as she continues , `` in their selfless attempt to save lives , the doctors broke their cardinal rule here : never sleep at the victims ' camp . 
 the sun was going down and a choice had to be made : play it safe and let the patients bleed to death or stay and tend to the victims , taking their chances with a ruthless and violent enemy . 
 they decided to stay , and during the night , the janjuweed apparently stormed the tents and murdered the doctors and patients alike , hacking them to death with machetes . 
 all told , the vicious attack claimed fifty-seven natives and eight physicians , three of whom were french citizens , two spanish citizens , and three americans . 
 volunteering for physicians worldwide has always been considered dangerous , but thanks to this janjuweed tribe that lurk the darfur night , i do n't think things will ever be the same for this international group of doctors . 
 this group that 's given so much , has now made the ultimate sacrifice . 
 i 'm going to play a recorded interview that took place just an hour ago with this region 's lead physician , dr. brad kirk . 
 let 's roll it . '' 
 the recording begins and shows the decimated camp in the background . 
 dr. kirk says , `` it 's simple math that will never change . 
 there are too many janjuweed and not enough good people to stop them . '' 
 the reporter says , `` where can people send cards or contributions for your cause ? '' 
 dr. kirk angrily responds , `` we do n't need anybody 's well wishes , or pity , or condolences . '' 
 his voice heightens , `` what we need are some good hearted people that are n't afraid to get their hands dirty . 
 and i do n't just mean doctors , i mean anybody who thinks they can help . 
 if you are n't part of the solution , you 're part of the problem ! 
 if you ca n't get on board for little children getting their limbs hacked off by a machete , what can you get on board for ? '' 
 with that , he storms out of camera view . 
 the camera cuts back to nancy , and she says , `` dr. kirk was obviously very upset in that interview , and understandably so . 
 he just lost eight physicians from his organization , who were most likely also his friends . 
 this is a very dark hour here in darfur . 
 i 'll bring you updates as they 're made available . 
 now , back to you in the studio , todd . '' 
 as the report wraps up , timothy has his head down on the table . 
 pierre 's photo was among those that flashed across the screen . 
 later that week . 
 silverton , colorado . 
 timothy walks through the front door of his parents ' home and drops his bags on the floor . 
 brooke runs to greet him . 
 embracing his mom , he realizes how much he 's missed home , especially after everything that 's happened . 
 just then , scott comes in and hugs them both . 
 they stay that way for a bit , each reluctant to let go . 
 the next morning , as scott and brooke prepare breakfast , timothy walks through his basement lab . 
 he smiles , realizing how archaic his equipment and set-up now seem . 
 he picks up his microscope and walks around , carrying it like an old trophy . 
 brooke calls down from the top of the stairs , `` breakfast . '' 
 timothy goes upstairs , sits at the table with his parents , and says , `` remember that new government laboratory in utah i was telling you about last year ? '' 
 scott responds , `` yep . 
 did they blow something up ? '' 
 timothy laughs and says , `` no , i 'm thinking about going to work there . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 scott asks , `` do n't you have to join the military for that ? '' 
 `` yeah , but as a scientist ... i 'd never see combat . '' 
 worried , brooke asks , `` what about the university ? '' 
 timothy pauses , then says , `` that may have run its course . '' 
 scott asks , `` they 're not blaming you for sophie , are they ? '' 
 `` no , but with pierre ... and everything ... i think i might just need a change . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 brooke says , `` your father and i have always trusted you , with good reason . 
 you always make good decisions . 
 so , do what you think is best , honey . '' 
 scott says , `` correct me if i 'm wrong , but instead of us giving the university money , the military would give you money , right ? '' 
 they all laugh , and timothy says , `` that would mean no more soup kitchens for you guys . '' 
 laughing , brooke says , `` we only ate there on wednesdays . '' 
 chapter six military recruiting office . 
 boulder , colorado . 
 a few days after timothy went home to visit his parents , he decides to visit a u.s. military recruiting office in boulder and enlist for service . 
 when timothy walks into the office , he 's surprised at the casual atmosphere . 
 three officers in full fatigues are sitting at a long table waiting for someone , anyone , to walk in . 
 two of them are shooting spitballs at each other and the third is wadding up blank application forms and shooting baskets into the garbage can . 
 as timothy approaches the table , with an application in hand , the officers size him up . 
 his height immediately grabs their attention . 
 timothy nods at the men , and says , `` good morning . '' 
 raising an eyebrow , an officer responds , `` how 's it going ? '' 
 `` doin ' well , '' timothy replies , as he hands him a completed application . 
 the officer takes it , looks it over , and begins to read it aloud , `` timothy hutchins , age twenty-one . '' 
 he looks back up at timothy , then smirks and asks , `` you think you got what it takes ? '' 
 `` i think so . '' 
 the officer asks , `` how many pull ups can you do ? '' 
 timothy shrugs and says , `` i have n't done one in awhile , i 've been kind of busy . 
 but you 'll be relieved to know ... i 'm applying as a scientist . '' 
 the officer smiles and says , `` that 's a good choice . '' 
 `` actually , i 'd like to request to be stationed at the new laboratory in utah , if i could . '' 
 his comrades laugh and the officer says , `` do n't mind them . 
 it 's just that there 's a long waiting list for that lab . 
 you 'll probably have to take a post at another military lab until a spot opens up . 
 from what i understand , almost every government scientist has requested a transfer to that lab . 
 it might be a year or more wait . '' 
 `` i can appreciate that , but i think if you call robert stanton , he may be interested in my application . '' 
 `` you know robert stanton ? '' 
 `` i met him once at mountain state university . '' 
 `` you only met him once ? '' 
 `` yeah , just the one time . '' 
 after an awkward silence , the officer says , `` we 'll process your application and be in touch . '' 
 timothy nods his head , says , `` ok ... thanks , '' and walks out . 
 as soon as the door closes behind him , the officers start laughing . 
 one officer picks up the application and reads aloud , `` timothy hutchins . '' 
 he adds , `` timothy hutchins , science geek , '' and then wads up the application and shoots it at the garbage can . 
 another officer runs to retrieve the application and says excitedly , `` let 's call him . '' 
 he un-wads it , walks over to the computer , and starts typing on the keypad . 
 the other two officers look at each other and wonder who he 's talking about . 
 he finds the number he was looking for and says `` here we go ... dr. robert stanton . '' 
 the other officer says , `` do n't do it , dude . 
 you 're already on probation . '' 
 `` too late . 
 i have it right here : robert stanton , chief of science and technology directorate , '' he says , as he starts to dial . 
 the other officer repeats , `` do n't do it , tommy . '' 
 he does n't listen . 
 he puts the phone to his ear and says , `` too late ... it 's already ringing . '' 
 the other two officers look at each other in disbelief . 
 tommy clears his throat , and says , `` yes sir , chief stanton , this is tom miller of the boulder , colorado recruiting office . '' 
 the other two officers drop their heads on the desk . 
 `` i know this is a highly irregular call , sir , but we just had an enlistment requesting a science position at the utah installation . 
 he recommended that i call you to bring it to your attention . '' 
 stanton pauses and asks in a stern voice , `` how did you get this number ? '' 
 tommy 's voice rises as he says , `` from our computer here in the office , sir . '' 
 perturbed , stanton asks , `` well , what 's his name ? '' 
 `` bradley hutchins . '' 
 stanton thinks for a second and asks , `` did he say he knew me ? '' 
 `` he said he met you once . '' 
 angered , stanton says , `` you 're calling me because someone who enlisted in the military said he met me once ? '' 
 realizing that his joke has backfired , tommy mutters , `` yes , sir . '' 
 chief stanton is silent for a few moments . 
 just when tommy begins to think he hung up , stanton says , `` officer ? '' 
 `` yes , sir ? '' 
 `` if you call me again , i 'll have you transferred to the alaska recruiting office . 
 would you like that ? '' 
 tommy pales and says , `` no , sir . '' 
 stanton 's about to hang up , when he abruptly asks , `` where does he live ? '' 
 reading the application , tommy says , `` silverton , colorado . '' 
 stanton thinks for a second , then asks , `` does he go to school ? '' 
 tommy looks at the sheet , finally finds the line , and says , `` yes , sir . 
 mountain state university . '' 
 when stanton hears the name of his alma mater , it all clicks . 
 the phone goes quiet . 
 tommy waits a second , then says , `` sir ? '' 
 he turns towards his co-workers and says , `` i think he hung up , '' as a sigh of relief blankets him . 
 he 's about to hang up , when he hears a low mumble . 
 `` officer miller , do you know what a court-martial is ? '' 
 stanton asks in a slow , monotone voice . 
 tommy 's heart skips a beat as he realizes this call may have ended his military career . 
 he takes a deep breath and responds somberly , `` yes , sir . '' 
 stanton calmly states , `` if this is a joke ... a court-martial , which usually takes thirty days , will be expedited in three . 
 do you understand ? 
 tommy , fearing the shame this will bring to him and his family , responds , `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` now , tell me again , what is his name ? '' 
 tommy swallows , checks the crumpled application , and almost inaudibly stutters , `` his name is , um , bradley hutchins , sir '' `` do you mean timothy hutchins , you little dip ? '' 
 tommy desperately un-wrinkles the paper and sees he missed a word . 
 probably a critical word . 
 he quickly answers , `` i 'm sorry , sir . 
 it 's timothy bradley hutchins . '' 
 the phone goes quiet , and tommy waits , knowing his career hangs in the balance . 
 stanton finally says , `` you 're telling me timothy hutchins , unusually tall , brown hair , med student at msu , walked into your office and enlisted in the military ? '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm saying , sir . 
 but he could be lying . '' 
 `` what makes you say that ? '' 
 `` msu is on a four-point grade scale . 
 i know because i went there for a semester . 
 and he listed 4.8 as his gpa . '' 
 stanton pauses and says , `` listen to me , kid , and listen good . 
 fax me that application in the next half hour or i 'm going to have you scrubbing the deck of the uss ronald reagan with a toothbrush ! '' 
 then hangs up . 
 with a look of awe on his face , tommy slowly puts down the phone . 
 the other two officers blurt out , `` what 'd he say ? '' 
 without answering , tommy springs from his seat , runs out the door , and darts across the street , dodging two cars as they hit their brakes and screech to a halt . 
 the other officers jump up and run to the plate glass window to see where he 's headed . 
 across the street , tommy yanks open the door of marty 's dry cleaner 's and puts the application on the desk . 
 they watch tommy and the shop owner talk for a brief moment . 
 the shop owner pulls out an iron from under the counter and starts to smooth out the application . 
 meanwhile . 
 india . 
 wearing night vision goggles , a french squad treks through the forest in the cover of darkness . 
 the moon provides an ample amount of light for the goggles to work , which also provides more than enough light for the tiger 's eyes to work . 
 tigers have a shiny layer of cells in the back of their retina that act like a mirror , reflecting light back into the retina and giving it a second chance to absorb every photon . 
 the men stay about fifty meters apart , as they quietly hike through the jungle . 
 one of the men lifts his goggles to see what this excursion would be like without them . 
 his suspicion is confirmed . 
 despite the moonlight , it 's nearly pitch black in the jungle , and this mission would be impossible without the goggles . 
 astonished by the technology , he quickly puts them back over his eyes . 
 his retinas quickly refocus , as though someone hit a light switch , illuminating the forest . 
 the team has been quietly scouting , with little radio contact , for several hours . 
 nothing has been said for almost half an hour , when suddenly each team member hears a faint , but unmistakable word whispered through his earpiece . 
 `` beautiful , '' is all that is said . 
 each member of the team wonders if they heard that correctly . 
 one of the team members recognizes the voice of their squad leader and whispers , `` michel , what do you see ? '' 
 he does n't respond . 
 they stop and remain deafly quiet . 
 another team member whispers , `` what 'd you see ? '' 
 michel can see the tiger through a small clearing in the foliage . 
 the tiger 's about a football field away and watches the soldiers advance from it 's hiding place behind a tree . 
 only its huge face is visible , while its body is hidden . 
 michel stares at the tiger and the tiger returns his gaze . 
 he realizes how brilliantly the goggles light up the tiger 's face and wonders if the tiger sees him the same way . 
 he thinks , what a glorious creature you are . 
 what kind of demon would kill you for an aphrodisiac ? 
 he finally announces his discovery to the rest of his team by whispering , `` we have a tiger . '' 
 a team member whispers , `` i do n't see anything . '' 
 michel watches as the tiger turns its head slightly towards the faint whisper . 
 michel thinks for a moment . 
 he then conducts a quick test by lifting his arm in the air and waving his hand to see how well the cat can see him . 
 it immediately focuses back on him and he has his answer . 
 michel thinks to himself , i may go my whole life and never see anything this beautiful again . 
 one of the team members whispers , `` what 's its position ? '' 
 michel whispers , `` my twelve , ninety meters ahead . '' 
 each man focuses his sight in that direction . 
 one of the men says , `` i see it . '' 
 he waits a moment and moves slightly toward the cat . 
 michel watches the tiger flinch , ready to take flight back into the depths of the jungle . 
 he whispers , `` do n't move ... it 's getting spooked . '' 
 he continues staring at the cat , calculating a plan of action . 
 michel knows that sneaking towards it will just initiate a flight response . 
 he suddenly has an epiphany , but wonders why such an absurd thought would enter his mind . 
 he thinks , i should stand up , show myself to the tiger and just walk towards it . 
 something tells me it will let me get close . 
 one of the team members whispers , `` it 'll run as soon as we advance . '' 
 `` we ca n't win a foot race with him , '' another responds . 
 michel says , `` silence . 
 no one move . '' 
 he stares at the cat and it stares back at him . 
 then , without hesitating , he acts . 
 he slowly stands up from his crouched position and exposes his full body . 
 the tiger 's retinas are lit up like two tiny bulbs glaring back at him . 
 he removes his earpiece and his backpack and gently lays them on the ground , all while keeping eye contact with the tiger . 
 then he slowly stands upright and lifts his tranquilizer rifle over his head in the surrender position . 
 he whispers , `` i mean you no harm . '' 
 he stands in that pose for a moment , then lowers the rifle . 
 he slowly puts the strap over his head and slides the rifle to his backside , without losing eye contact with the cat . 
 he raises his arms in the air again , to show the cat his full body . 
 he gently says to the creature , `` you can run , and i fully expect you to ... but i am not here to hurt you . 
 on the contrary , what if i told you that i could take you to a place where no poachers could ever get you ? '' 
 he lowers his arms and takes a step forward . 
 the cat watches him slowly advance . 
 he continues to speak to it , saying , `` ... an island with beautiful beaches and a mate . 
 maybe two . '' 
 feeling protected with its body still hidden behind the tree , the tiger peers at michel , confident it can take flight whenever it chooses . 
 michel continues , whispering , `` ... with lots of deer and an ocean to keep the bad people away . 
 you will hunt and sleep and mate . '' 
 michel is surprised the cat has n't bolted back into the woods . 
 the cat suddenly hears something behind it in the depths of the trees and quickly turns its head . 
 michel thinks the cat 's going to sprint into the forest . 
 but instead , it looks back at him . 
 he regains eye contact and continues walking towards it , whispering , `` you can stay here and take your chances with the poachers and the bulldozers . 
 or , you can escape , tonight , to the most beautiful place on earth . '' 
 he starts to think he may actually get within range . 
 he 's now sixty feet away . 
 the members of his team ca n't believe he 's getting that close . 
 one of them accidentally makes a noise , and the cat focuses its attention in that direction . 
 michel waits for the cat to run , but it just looks back at him . 
 he whispers , `` they 're with me . 
 we mean you no harm . 
 i would give my life to protect you . '' 
 he continues advancing slowly , saying , `` twenty-four hours from now , you could wake up on an island . 
 you could live worry free . 
 you have my word , on my father 's grave ... it 'll only sting for a moment . '' 
 michel ca n't believe how close he is . 
 the tiger hears another sound coming from behind , back in the woods , and turns its attention there again . 
 michel seizes the opportunity and slowly removes his rifle from his back . 
 he raises the rifle and aims at its head . 
 the cat turns back to him and notices that michel 's position has changed . 
 michel 's heart is pounding loudly and he whispers , `` can you hear my heart ? 
 i 'm scared too . 
 but i need you to come out from behind there for me to fulfill these promises to you . '' 
 he has the tiger 's face in the crosshairs of his scope . 
 the cat flinches , again hearing something behind him , and turns to look . 
 michel is ready to fire , when the cat turns back and refocuses on him . 
 he whispers , `` a man is only as good as his word ... and my word is good . '' 
 his heart pounds louder as he says , `` i 've come from paris , the other side of the world . 
 something has brought us together . '' 
 he waits , his scope trained on the cat , and sees that the cat 's demeanor has suddenly changed . 
 then it happens . 
 the tiger inexplicably leaves the refuge of the tree and begins to walk away , instead of fleeing . 
 michel quickly squeezes the trigger . 
 a loud pop is heard , and the dart hits its mark . 
 the cat launches itself back into the woods and is quickly out of sight . 
 michel 's heart is pounding at an alarming rate , and he takes a deep breath . 
 bewildered , he wonders if he 's going to wake up from a dream . 
 he sprints back towards his backpack and discarded earpiece . 
 out of breath , he slides on his knees to grab his gear . 
 he puts his earpiece back in and says , `` chopper , do you copy ? '' 
 the co-pilot answers , `` copy . '' 
 breathing heavy , he says , `` requesting pick up . '' 
 the co-pilot replies , `` we have your coordinates . 
 eleven minutes . '' 
 michel sees his men running towards him from different directions , as he kneels near his backpack . 
 they 're shouting as they approach . 
 the first team member arrives and throws himself down next to michel , shouting `` unbelievable ! '' 
 the other men arrive and join in the celebration . 
 one of them jokingly yells out , `` vive la france ! '' 
 the american co-pilot who received michel 's transmission turns to the pilot , and says `` what kind of man chooses to hunt a tiger in the dark ? '' 
 the pilot answers , `` that would be a frenchman . '' 
 and he smirks . 
 `` yeah , '' says the co-pilot . 
 he pauses for a minute and says . 
 `` i was in a bar once talking to this girl , and this french guy walked up in this black suit and said something to her in his thick french accent . '' 
 the pilot asks , `` and what happened ? '' 
 `` what do you think happened ? 
 we were hitting it off great ... and all of a sudden , she looked at me like i was the elephant man . '' 
 the pilot laughs loudly . 
 a remote location in utah . 
 it 's timothy 's first day in the military at the newly constructed utah laboratory . 
 the billion dollar architectural marvel is twenty stories below ground , blanketed with a military installation and air force landing strip above . 
 f-16 fighter jets and blackhawk helicopters line both sides of the runway . 
 there are hundreds of service men and women in full fatigues on the surface and scientists in lab coats down below . 
 timothy 's in an elevator heading down to the lab alone , gathering his thoughts . 
 he 's surprised he 's not more nervous , but knows it 's probably because he 's preoccupied , still trying to come to terms with pierre 's death . 
 he keeps thinking about how pierre was someone so full of passion for his fellow man , whose entire future was mapped out with one intention : helping others . 
 yet ... his last sight was of a heartless demon hacking him to death with a machete . 
 he can only hope that it was quick , and pierre did n't feel pain . 
 timothy 's thoughts are interrupted when the elevator door suddenly opens . 
 he 's greeted by a short , elderly gentleman in a white lab coat who says , `` you must be timothy . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` i 'm ed reed , chief of operations . 
 welcome . '' 
 timothy scans the fifty-foot ceilings , massive space , and state of the art equipment . 
 chief reed says , `` it 's a lot to soak in . 
 you 're a little early , but why do n't you have a look around . 
 be in that conference room over there at zero eight hundred . '' 
 he points to a large glass-enclosed room overlooking the main lab . 
 `` thank you , sir , '' timothy replies . 
 `` call me ed . '' 
 `` ok ... ed . '' 
 later , after exploring the lab a bit , timothy meets with the other scientists in the large conference room for a briefing about upcoming experiments . 
 chris van horn , a lead scientist , wraps up the briefing and asks for questions . 
 timothy wastes no time implementing his strategy ; he begins to say something , then stops himself . 
 chris says , `` mr. hutchins , do you have a question ? '' 
 `` that 's okay , it was a stupid question , '' timothy stutters . 
 chris says , `` it 's your first day , but we have a rule . 
 since we have some of the most dangerous viruses and chemicals known to man down here , there 's no such thing as a stupid question . 
 questions mean safety . '' 
 timothy looks down at his notes and asks , `` in experiment 12 . 
 b1 , what if the heat refracted is too hot for the technician in the combustible chamber ? '' 
 one scientist quickly lets out a burst of laughter and the rest follow suit . 
 timothy plays up to it , acting surprised at their reactions . 
 chris is unable to contain a smile . 
 he says , `` i 'm pretty sure they wo n't be able to tolerate the heat . 
 of course , the technician will be wearing a flame resistant suit . '' 
 the group laughs harder . 
 timothy smiles , feigning embarrassment , nods his head , and says , `` got it . '' 
 one of the men calls out , `` we may have to change the rule about no such thing as a stupid question , '' and the laughter continues . 
 early the next morning , chris receives an e-mail in the general mailbox he monitors . 
 it reads : warning : you have a new recruit there , timothy bradley hutchins . 
 he is highly intelligent , and i want him supervised at all times . 
 report any suspicious behavior immediately . 
 robert stanton , chief of science and technology directorate chris chuckles and calls a co-worker over . 
 she reads the email and laughs , saying , `` that 's ridiculous . 
 i do n't know how hutchins even got in here . '' 
 chris says , `` his dad must know somebody , '' and deletes the email . 
 meanwhile , indonesia . 
 a u.s. team sits around a campfire after a long , uneventful day of tracking ; not even a paw print to talk about . 
 it 's pitch black in the forest , but the small dwindling fire illuminates the camp with an eerie calm . 
 the team consists of six trackers , led by thomas adams . 
 as they reflect on the day 's disappointment , one of the men , george , says somberly , `` when i die , i wan na die like my grandpa . 
 in my sleep ... nice and peaceful . '' 
 another man says , `` amen to that . '' 
 george pauses , while the group ponders that notion . 
 then he adds , `` not like the other four guys in the car , kicking and screaming . '' 
 they all burst out laughing . 
 after the revelry dies down , a hush comes over the group . 
 they listen to the fire crackling , each one thinking the same thing : i hope we see a tiger tomorrow . 
 breaking the silence , one of the men asks , `` hey adams , can you tell us about vietnam ... what was it like there ? '' 
 adams , surprised by the question , stares into the campfire , thinking . 
 he remembers another campfire setting like this one , back when he was nineteen and in his first week in vietnam . 
 he remembers it like it was yesterday , and he wonders how he made it out of there alive . 
 he was one of only three who survived an ambush that claimed thirty-eight young men . 
 he had never before seen men die , let alone in such carnage ... with blood spewing , bodies torn apart . 
 forty-eight years ago , staring into a fire just like this one , adams accepted the fact that he would die in vietnam and the most he could hope for was his body to be brought home to his parents . 
 noting adams ' silence , someone says , `` it 's okay if you do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 adams clears his throat . 
 `` it 's been nearly fifty years . 
 i put it behind me long ago . '' 
 another man says , `` they say you green berets were fearless and your edge was that you were n't afraid to die . '' 
 adams thinks for a moment and says softly , `` i was a kid . 
 there was never a time i was n't afraid . '' 
 another man asks , `` does it still get you sometimes ... in the middle of the night ? '' 
 just then , adams has a flashback of jack , his best friend in high school . 
 he remembers how jack and he pretended they were n't scared when they got their draft notices and met at the local diner to talk about it . 
 he then thinks about his introduction to death on his fifth night in ` nam when he tried to push jack 's organs back inside of his open stomach , while bombs exploded nearby and bullets whisked by his head . 
 he remembers feeling guilty , fearing for his own life as he watched the life drain from his best friend 's eyes . 
 he remembers jack 's last words , `` do n't leave me here . '' 
 adams continues staring at the campfire , lost in his memories . 
 he realizes that of all the heroic acts in his life , the one he 's most proud of is disobeying a direct order from his commanding officer and returning the next night to retrieve jack 's body . 
 he remembers crawling to the perimeter of the enemy 's camp in the darkness and carrying jack 's body three miles through the jungle . 
 he thanks god for giving him the courage to do that . 
 the guilt he 's carried all these years for coming home alive would have been unbearable if he had n't gotten jack back home to his parents . 
 he did n't know it at the time , but disobeying that order was the most important decision he 'd make in his life , and it came at nineteen years old . 
 he feels some peace , knowing that he passed that test with flying colors . 
 he should be proud of that act , and quit blaming himself . 
 there was nothing he could have done differently that would have changed jack 's fate . 
 he takes a deep breath , wondering if he has to keep carrying jack after all these years ... or , if he can finally set him down . 
 he suddenly feels a solace he 's rarely felt before . 
 the rest of the men sit quietly around the fire , allowing adams his moment of reflection . 
 they wait for him to say something . 
 finally , he stands up and says , `` lights out gentlemen . 
 big day tomorrow . '' 
 the military lab in utah . 
 timothy discreetly walks back to a secured area of the building . 
 he casually looks around to make sure no one is looking and walks into a room , closing the door behind him . 
 douglas friedrich , chief assistant officer to ed reed , catches a glimpse of timothy walking into the room . 
 he finds it odd and heads over . 
 friedrich waits a minute , then quickly opens the door , startling timothy . 
 `` what are you doing in here ? '' 
 friedrich asks sternly . 
 `` this room is restricted . '' 
 he sees that timothy has an open tupperware container that he 's just pulled from a freezer . 
 he points to it and asks , `` what are you doing with that ? '' 
 timothy holds it out to show him . 
 playing dumb , he says , `` i was just storing my lunch in here . '' 
 friedrich glares at him . 
 timothy starts to leave with the container and friedrich says , `` that has to stay in here . 
 this is a secured area . 
 nothing leaves this room without written authorization ... not even misplaced lunch . '' 
 timothy puts the container back in the freezer , nods his head at friedrich , and leaves the room . 
 friedrich watches timothy leave and , when the door closes , he pulls the container from the freezer and opens it . 
 the stench makes him gag , as he studies the slimy specimen . 
 he secures a sample and puts it in a petrie dish , then places the container back in the freezer . 
 he then rushes to ed reed 's office . 
 he walks in and says , `` i do n't know what that new guy hutchins is up to , but we should keep an eye on him . '' 
 surprised , reed asks , `` what makes you say that ? '' 
 `` i caught him in a secured area . '' 
 `` maybe he got lost , '' ed offers . 
 `` anyway , what was he doing ? '' 
 `` he was taking raw fish out of a freezer . 
 he said it was his lunch . '' 
 ed shrugs , `` maybe it was . '' 
 `` rambo would n't have been able to stomach that fish . 
 besides , if the kid confuses a restricted area with the cafeteria , he should n't be here . '' 
 ed sighs and says , `` red flag him ... make sure everyone knows to keep an eye on him . '' 
 thailand . 
 a helicopter equipped with night vision cameras is sweeping through the area in the cover of darkness . 
 the co-pilot points to something on the monitor . 
 the pilot looks and confirms . 
 the co-pilot zooms in the camera until it reveals an infrared image of a tiger prowling the forest floor . 
 the u.s. team on the ground is kicking back around a fire and soaking in the stars after a long day searching . 
 the co-pilot radios them saying , `` delta force , we 've got a visual four miles south of your position . '' 
 jacob , the team leader , shakes his head and radios back , `` we do n't have night vision goggles . '' 
 the co-pilot responds , `` balk ... balk ... balk , '' doing his best to imitate a chicken . 
 the squad laughs , enjoying the joke . 
 jacob looks at his team and radios back , `` tigers jump about twelve feet . 
 it 's pretty safe for you up there at a thousand . '' 
 they all laugh more . 
 a moment passes with no response from the helicopter crew . 
 then , the co-pilot radios back in a serious voice , `` hold it . '' 
 the team notices the change in the co-pilot 's voice . 
 they hear him nervously ask the pilot , `` are you sure ? '' 
 the team listens attentively , awaiting the next transmission . 
 in a panicked voice , the co-pilot says , `` delta force , you have three tigers moving in your direction at twenty meters south by southwest ! '' 
 the team jumps up and scrambles . 
 they know they do n't have much time . 
 they also know that their tranquilizer darts will take too long to take effect , and wo n't save them . 
 they scurry , grabbing whatever they can to best fight off a tiger in the dark , then form a tight circle , preparing for the imminent attack . 
 they remain as silent as possible to listen for the tigers ' approach . 
 when they hear a twig snap , they tighten their grip on their weapons . 
 their own tense breathing is all they can hear , as they wait for fangs and claws to turn the quiet into frenzy . 
 suddenly , the co-pilot 's voice cracks over the silence , and he says very calmly , `` never mind ... those are squirrels . '' 
 the pilots laugh loudly into the microphone making sure the team hears them . 
 the men on the ground quickly realize that they 've been duped . 
 one man , dave , throws something to the ground and yells , `` they 're really starting to tick me off ! '' 
 jacob , the squad leader , looks at him and says calmly , `` dave . '' 
 he angrily responds , `` yeah !? '' 
 `` you do realize you had a pillow in your hand , right ? '' 
 the team sees the pillow at dave 's feet and starts laughing . 
 dave retrieves the pillow and holds it up . 
 `` it was my shield , '' he says , beginning to smile . 
 each man starts to hold up his weapon of choice . 
 one man holds up a boot and another holds up a sleeping bag , and they all burst out laughing . 
 someone asks , `` what were you gon na do with a sleeping bag ? '' 
 the soldier shrugs and says , `` get in it and zip it up . '' 
 the laughter becomes even louder , each man relieved he wo n't have to find out the hard way how he would have stacked up in one on one combat with a tiger . 
 the next day at the military lab in utah . 
 timothy calls marcus , the helicopter pilot at the california cancer and research laboratory . 
 he says , `` marcus . 
 it 's timothy hutchins . 
 how 's everything going ? '' 
 marcus says , `` hey , timothy ! 
 everything 's good . 
 how 's it going with you ? '' 
 `` pretty good ... you were right . 
 it left a scar . '' 
 they laugh and timothy says , `` i 'm having a bit of trouble and i thought of you right away . 
 i have a personal question . '' 
 `` sure , what is it ? '' 
 `` how would you approach a girl you 've never talked to ? '' 
 marcus laughs , `` that 's never easy ... it 's a mind game with yourself . 
 if you wait too long , you 'll psych yourself out . 
 you just have to walk up to her and say whatever comes to your mind . 
 but do n't get too personal . 
 keep it light . '' 
 `` okay , do n't get too personal and keep it light ... got it . 
 hey , any repercussions from the fishermen ? '' 
 marcus laughs , `` i 've run into a few of them at the pier . 
 they do n't mess with me because of my crazy friend who would throw his life away for a dolphin . '' 
 they both laugh . 
 marcus says , `` it 's pretty strange though . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 marcus replies , `` i think about that little guy a lot ... i do n't know why . 
 i feel good knowing he 's out there swimming around . '' 
 `` then it was worth it . '' 
 `` totally . '' 
 `` it was nice talking to you , marcus . 
 i better get back to work . '' 
 `` good talking to you too . '' 
 they 're about to hang up , when marcus interjects , `` about the girl ... there 's one more thing . 
 but if you share this with anyone , i 'll have to kill you . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` if you get some alone time with her , make sure beyonce is playing in the background . 
 girls love beyonce . '' 
 `` is she a singer ? '' 
 marcus laughs and says , `` no , she 's a drummer ... of course she 's a singer . 
 you really have to get out of the lab more . '' 
 `` i 'm trying marcus . '' 
 later that day , mountain state university hospital . 
 dr. wilson approaches dr. driver in the hallway outside the main lab and says , `` i just received a strange call . 
 it was from dr. henry gautier of sophie bousquet 's medical team . 
 he asked if we could send a pdf containing the blueprint of the drug given to sophie . '' 
 dr. driver stares at wilson , contemplating the different scenarios that would prompt that call . 
 eventually , he asks , `` are you sure it was dr. gautier ? '' 
 `` i spoke with him quite a bit when he was here . 
 it was dr. gautier . '' 
 `` what did you tell him ? ' 
 `` i told him the drug belongs to the university and is under lock and key . '' 
 `` did he say anything else ? '' 
 `` i asked him if sophie was still comatose , and he said yes . '' 
 dr. driver thinks for a moment and then asks , `` do you think they would contact hutchins ? '' 
 `` it 's possible . 
 he and jacques bousquet became fairly close . '' 
 `` let me know if he calls again . '' 
 driver says nervously , as he walks away . 
 meanwhile , the military lab in utah . 
 timothy 's in the locker room packing up his gym bag next to an officer dressed in full army fatigues . 
 he turns to the officer and asks , `` you 're part of that group they 're sending to africa , are n't you ? '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 egypt first , then libya . '' 
 timothy says , `` my girlfriend 's over there . 
 she 's doing a six-month stint for the consulate in cairo . '' 
 he takes out a photo of a beautiful girl and shows it to him . 
 the officer asks , `` wow , how 'd ya land a girl like that ? '' 
 `` just lucky i guess , '' timothy responds , smiling . 
 the private laughs , as he closes his locker and packs his duffel bag . 
 timothy says , `` hey , she 's got a girlfriend over there that ca n't seem to meet anybody . 
 my girlfriend could introduce you to her . 
 i could have them meet up with you at the arrival gate at the airport ... if you want ? '' 
 `` seriously ? 
 does she look as good as your girlfriend ? '' 
 `` yep , i guarantee it . 
 i do n't have a photo of her , but why do n't i take one of you to send her ? '' 
 he takes out his phone . 
 the officer says , `` sure . '' 
 he looks at the camera and smiles . 
 timothy snaps the photo and says , `` nice one . 
 her name 's becky . 
 i 'll tell her to look for you at the arrivals gate in cairo . '' 
 the officer asks , `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` timothy . 
 what 's yours ? '' 
 `` kyle . '' 
 they shake hands . 
 kyle throws the duffle bag over his shoulder and says , `` i 'll see you in a couple months . '' 
 timothy says , `` stay safe ... and good luck with the girl . '' 
 as kyle turns to walk away timothy calls out , `` hey , would you do me one favor ? '' 
 kyle says , `` sure . '' 
 timothy pulls out a purple envelope from his backpack and holds it up , saying , `` would you give my girlfriend this birthday card ? 
 i 'm not going to see her for awhile . '' 
 the private hesitates , `` i ca n't take anything from this facility . 
 i could get court martialed for that . '' 
 `` it 's just a birthday card . '' 
 kyle pauses and says , `` they warn us all the time about taking anything from this lab . '' 
 timothy shrugs and says , `` but , it 's just a card ... no one 's going to find out . '' 
 kyle hesitates , then takes the envelope from timothy 's hand . 
 he flips over the purple envelope a few times and sees that it appears to contain a card . 
 he looks around to see if anyone 's near and pauses a moment , not saying anything . 
 finally , he nods and puts the envelope in his duffel bag . 
 timothy says , `` thanks . 
 i owe you one . '' 
 kyle says , `` you do , '' as he turns and walks out . 
 timothy then heads to the cafeteria where his colleagues are glued to the television . 
 he walks over to see what has everyone 's attention . 
 when he sees that the screen is showing bombs tearing a city apart , he sits down to listen . 
 on the t.v. , a reporter yells in a frantic voice , `` this is chase jordan live from the country of georgia in the city of tskhinual ! '' 
 behind him , bombs are going off and people are running and shouting . 
 russian soldiers are firing rifles indiscriminately and chase is ducking his head with each sound of gunfire . 
 a body can be seen falling off of a rooftop in the background . 
 chase yells into the camera , `` this is nothing less than a massacre ! 
 this city is under siege by the russian military . 
 most of these georgians are unarmed and running for their lives . '' 
 a bomb goes off dangerously close to chase and knocks him off his feet . 
 the blast violently rocks the cameraman , causing him to drop the camera , which continues filming . 
 the cameraman picks up the camera and asks chase , `` are you okay ? '' 
 chase picks himself up off the ground and grunts , `` cut , '' as blood runs from his nose . 
 turning away , he watches a small building fall . 
 he changes his mind and yells to the cameraman , `` no , do n't cut ! '' 
 he stares intently into the camera and says , `` i realize this is live and maybe some of you ca n't stomach this , but you have to see it . 
 the united nations has to do something . 
 better yet , you have to do something . 
 call your congressmen and elected officials and demand -- '' just then , another explosion goes off near chase , sending him hurling through the air . 
 debris flies into the camera , cutting the newsfeed . 
 timothy and the other scientists in the cafeteria watch in disbelief . 
 one of them says , `` oh my god . '' 
 they 're all stunned , believing they may have just witnessed chase jordan being killed . 
 the live feed goes to static and quickly changes to the wbc newsroom , where the two commentators are expected to say something . 
 neither one can speak after what they just saw . 
 their producer twirls his finger to let them know the camera 's rolling , but they 're at a loss for words , having watched their friend being injured or even killed on live television . 
 the producer hits a button and the station rolls to commercial . 
 timothy and ed reed look at each other in shock . 
 timothy gets up and walks away , shaking his head . 
 one week later , indonesia . 
 chopping his way through the dense brush with a machete in each hand , thomas adams is reminded of the jungles of vietnam . 
 he thinks about how different it feels to trek through a jungle without the fear of a bullet piercing you at any moment . 
 he feels alive and exhilarated , feelings that have eluded him for years . 
 he 's leading two officers , wright and parks . 
 there are four men flanking them , half a mile away , with whom adams is in radio contact . 
 but since there have n't been any sightings , the radios have been silent . 
 all of a sudden , adams stops and holds up his fist , halting his two soldiers . 
 something has him on high alert . 
 they listen , but do n't hear anything . 
 adams opens his fist , and they continue hacking through the bush , not able to see what 's in front of them until they clear it away . 
 but adams is relying more on his hearing than his sight . 
 his hearing is impeccable . 
 he raises his fist again , and they stop . 
 they remain silent , listening . 
 hearing nothing , they continue on , hacking through the thick brush as they go . 
 that same day , mountain state university . 
 dr. driver is in a huge conference room meeting with nine attorneys representing the hospital . 
 the attorneys are thumbing through stacks of documents . 
 one of them asks with confusion , `` all of it ? '' 
 dr. driver answers emphatically , `` that 's right . 
 i want to patent every bit of it . '' 
 the attorneys flip through more pages , studying the drug . 
 one attorney says , `` i think i can speak for everyone here when i say ... this is completely out of our league . '' 
 they all nod in agreement . 
 dr. driver says , `` this university holds hundreds of patents , many of which you 've drafted . 
 what 's the problem ? '' 
 `` let 's be honest , donald ... nothing like this . 
 we are patent attorneys ... all we do are patents . 
 but , it would take a year of meetings between your doctors and our lawyers in order to explain to us what the heck we 're looking at here , '' the attorney replies . 
 dr. driver glares at him and says , `` there 's a chance that what you 're looking at here is the single most important medical finding in the past fifty years . '' 
 the attorneys immediately straighten up in their seats and look around the room at one another , wide-eyed . 
 dr. driver smirks , `` i thought that might get your attention . '' 
 meanwhile , thirty miles south of chicago in the kankakee river . 
 just before dawn , three fishermen are in a boat skimming across the water , heading for their favorite fishing spot . 
 it 's still dark , and a single headlight illuminates their way . 
 the water is like a sheet of glass , as they glide across it at thirty knots . 
 without warning , the hull suddenly starts to shudder and pound , as floating objects begin to collide with the boat . 
 the blows increase in frequency and volume , as the driver quickly throws the throttle into neutral . 
 the men 's hearts race , as the boat continues to creep across the water , hitting objects until it finally stops . 
 one of the men grabs a spotlight and shines it on the water , revealing something they 've never seen before : hundreds of dead fish floating on the surface . 
 the men are bewildered . 
 one of them says with surprise , `` they 're all asian carp . '' 
 back in indonesia . 
 thomas adams continues to hack his way through the foliage , his senses working in overdrive . 
 he stops abruptly and holds up his fist , as he 's done several times in the last ten minutes . 
 frustrated , one of the two soldiers with him complains , `` you 're hearing things that are n't there . '' 
 the other one , wright , whispers , `` shut up , parks . 
 he 's leading . 
 not you . '' 
 adams looks back at both of them , `` both of you shut your mouths . 
 we 're going to continue advancing and when i close my fist , i want you to stop and listen . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 parks mumbles , `` i can do that , but you 're old and afraid . '' 
 adams says , `` fear has gotten me to the ripe old age of sixty-seven and if you 're not afraid , then you have n't studied our adversary . '' 
 he comes within inches of parks face and says , `` now shut your mouth or i 'll shut it for you . '' 
 he stares at parks , daring the young soldier to say something . 
 looking into adams ' eyes , parks sees cold fury , and holds his tongue . 
 adams turns back and continues hacking through the foliage . 
 after twenty seconds , he stops and closes his hand into a fist again . 
 they all stop and wait , listening for the faintest sound . 
 they give it a moment , but hear nothing . 
 finally , parks whispers hoarsely , `` there 's nothing . 
 it 's perfectly quiet . '' 
 adams drops his machete and pulls out his tranquilizer rifle , whispering , `` not even birds chirping . '' 
 following adams lead , wright starts to pull his rifle off his back . 
 parks looks at wright and says , `` you are n't believing his bull crap , are ya ? 
 he 's hearing things that are n't there . 
 we 've been in this jungle for days and have n't seen a thing ! 
 when we set up camp ... '' he stops mid-sentence when , all of a sudden , they hear a loud and fast chaos rustling through the leaves and heading their way . 
 an orange and black locomotive appears out of the foliage and pounces on parks . 
 they tumble across the leaves and branches , as adams quickly aims his rifle and fires at the cat . 
 the dart sticks in the cat 's rib cage . 
 parks screams at the top of his lungs , as the tiger begins dragging him across the jungle floor . 
 shell-shocked , wright remains still , as adams runs full speed , chasing after them . 
 as he runs , he fires his beanbag riot gun and hits the tiger , which continues to drag its prize . 
 adams tosses the rifle and pursues parks ' screams through the thick brush , hoping the tranquilizer will soon begin to slow the cat down . 
 adams fights through the thick brush and quickly catches up , as the tiger begins to tear into parks . 
 without hesitation , adams dives onto the tiger 's back . 
 he wraps his arms around the tiger 's massive neck and quickly realizes it 's nothing but muscle and power . 
 the tiger wheels around , hurling adams through the air . 
 he hits the ground , but quickly gets up and crouches , facing the animal . 
 wright then appears through the brush , panting and trying to catch his breath . 
 the tiger crouches in the attack position and adams knows what 's coming . 
 without thinking , he hurls himself at the tiger and they meet in mid-air , crashing to the ground . 
 in the blink of an eye , adams is on his back , punching at the tiger 's face , as its claws and teeth sink into his flesh . 
 he tries to fight , but is no match for the strength and savagery being delivered . 
 knowing he 's about to lose the battle , he yells , `` get parks and get out of here ! '' 
 wright quickly runs to parks ' bludgeoned body . 
 he grabs him and throws him over his shoulder . 
 as wright runs away , he glances back at the melee , knowing that when the tiger finishes with adams , it 'll be his turn . 
 that same day . 
 darfur , africa . 
 in a remote village in darfur , a young french doctor from physicians worldwide is in a small tent trying to comfort a native child who was left to die in a janjuweed attack the night before . 
 the girl 's mother holds her daughter 's hand , as the doctor stitches her shoulder . 
 he knows it 's infected , and there 's nothing left to amputate . 
 it 's just a matter of time before she succumbs to the wound , and all he can do is give her more sedatives for the pain . 
 the mother walks across the tent to tend to her other daughter , about six years old , who 's sleeping in a corner . 
 as the doctor wipes beads of sweat from the girl 's forehead , a loud and violent commotion begins outside . 
 the doctor lifts his head and looks across the tent at the mother and daughter , who begin to huddle together . 
 he sees the fear written all over their faces . 
 he forces a smile to comfort them , but he knows what this commotion means , and he 's prepared for it . 
 he 's been preparing for it since he first witnessed this genocide of the native tribes eleven months ago . 
 he knew he 'd likely die here , and he 's ready . 
 he only hopes that his death wo n't be in vain . 
 he briefly thinks about how naïve he used to be , living in paris , enjoying a comfortable life ... oblivious to this horror . 
 he walks to the other side of the tent , opens his medical bag , and takes out a purple envelope . 
 he stares at the purple envelope for a moment and whispers , `` this is for you , pierre . '' 
 he then opens the envelope and pulls out a birthday card . 
 inside the card he finds a tiny plastic bag containing a small amount of fluid . 
 puncturing the bag with a hypodermic needle , he draws the fluid into the syringe . 
 his face remains expressionless , as he looks at the mother and her daughters one last time . 
 their fear rocks him to the core . 
 he gently holds his finger to his lips , hoping to silence them , walks out of the tent , and enters a scene no human should ever have to witness . 
 although he 's seen it before , he 's still unable to comprehend it . 
 watching machetes swing in the air and crash down onto women and children , he wonders how man can be so cruel . 
 in some ways , he 's relieved to know he 's about to die and will witness this horrific slaughter no more . 
 one of the janjuweed soldiers sees the doctor at the mouth of the tent and walks towards him . 
 the doctor readies himself . 
 the soldier , still approaching , yells out in english , `` why do you save them ? '' 
 the doctor holds his ground and stares firmly at the aggressor . 
 the mother slowly emerges from the tent and stands at the doctor 's side . 
 the soldier shouts again , even louder , `` why do you save them ? '' 
 pointing his machete at the woman . 
 the other janjuweed hear the shouting and start to head over . 
 the soldier stops right in front of the doctor , and the doctor looks him directly in the eye , showing no fear . 
 the soldier 's demeanor changes , and he says in a quieter tone , almost a whisper , `` why do you save them ? '' 
 the doctor looks at the woman by his side and slowly smiles at her . 
 he then turns to the soldier and says , `` she is my sister . '' 
 the soldier smiles , and his comrades laugh . 
 just then , the younger daughter comes out of the tent and clings to the doctor 's side . 
 the smile fades from the soldier 's face , as he looks at the girl with contempt . 
 the doctor looks down at the little girl . 
 he places his hand on her cheek and then looks back at the soldier , saying softly , `` she is also my sister . '' 
 the soldier pauses and says , `` then you will die as a family . '' 
 he raises his blood-covered machete and starts bringing it down on the doctor . 
 at the same moment , the doctor raises the syringe he 's been holding . 
 he jabs it in the soldier 's neck , just as the machete finds its mark . 
 meanwhile , back in indonesia . 
 word spreads quickly through the tracker teams that they may have suffered their first casualty . 
 a rescue mission is being implemented . 
 thomas adams ' gps has continued to send a signal and four soldiers are rushing through the jungle tracking it . 
 they have their riot guns ready , as they follow the path cleared by adams earlier . 
 eventually , they begin to see blood , and they quicken their pace . 
 after about thirty yards , harris , the leader , sees something and stops abruptly . 
 when he bends a branch out of the way to reveal a clearing , he sees a horrific sight . 
 he slowly bends over and grips his knees . 
 the men behind him peer over their leader and see the blood covered clearing . 
 they take some deep breaths to regain their composure . 
 before them , broken tree branches and blood splattered leaves tell the tale of a brutal battle between two opponents wanting to live . 
 the tiger , seemingly unconscious from the tranquilizer , is lying atop adams , its body rising and lowering with each labored breath . 
 not wanting to take a chance , one of the men , garrett , lifts his beanbag gun and fires it at the ground . 
 the loud noise sends birds into flight , but the tiger remains still . 
 he picks up the beanbag and moves closer . 
 he then tosses the bag onto the tiger 's back , and it still does n't move . 
 the leader , harris , slowly walks in closer . 
 shaking his head , he looks at adams ' body carved up from head to toe and the tiger covered in adams ' blood . 
 he turns his head away from the grotesque image and says into his headset , `` we have one tiger . 
 we need a pickup . '' 
 the co-pilot says , `` we have your coordinates . 
 we 'll be there in three minutes . 
 if adams got him , tell him i owe him a beer . '' 
 harris does n't respond . 
 the co-pilot asks , `` did adams bag it ? '' 
 harris pauses and says somberly , `` yeah , adams got him . '' 
 the pilot and co-pilot exchange glances , not hearing the exuberance they usually hear with a pickup request . 
 the co-pilot asks , `` everything o.k. ? '' 
 harris waits a moment , studying adams ' still-clenched fists and exposed knuckle bones , showing the valiant fight he must have put forth . 
 harris slowly responds to the co-pilot , `` we need a body bag for adams . '' 
 the co-pilot and pilot look at each other in surprise and the co-pilot lowers his head and says sadly , `` i really liked him . '' 
 the pilot shakes his head and says , `` me too ... i hope it was quick . '' 
 chapter seven five days later , the biology lab at lincoln university in illinois . 
 two state of illinois fish and game officers watch intently as a biology professor dissects one of the asian carp found dead in the kankakee river . 
 as the professor studies the sample under a microscope , the officers anxiously await his conclusions . 
 the professor lifts his head from the microscope and says , `` it 's some kind of virus , similar to influenza in humans . 
 you say there are hundreds of these ? '' 
 one of the officers says , `` that was four days ago . 
 now there are thousands . '' 
 the professor says , `` well , i 'll study it some more after class . '' 
 he removes his rubber gloves and starts to round up his briefcase . 
 the officers look at each other , surprised the professor is reacting to this so lightly . 
 one of them says , `` hold on professor . 
 we have a real problem in the river , and we need answers . '' 
 he hands the professor a photo . 
 the professor studies the photo , which shows a river covered with an alarming amount of floating , dead fish , and says , `` fish do n't catch influenza . '' 
 he looks at the photo some more and shakes his head . 
 he asks , `` can you bring me more fish from the river , other species too , and especially some live ones that do n't seem to be infected ? '' 
 one of the officers says , `` it 's only affecting the asian carp . '' 
 the professor looks perplexed and does n't say anything . 
 he contemplates different scenarios which could cause only one species of fish to be infected with a virus . 
 he looks back at the photo and asks , `` none of these fish are perch or bass ? '' 
 the officer replies , `` that 's correct . '' 
 the professor scratches his head and furrows his brow . 
 he then picks up his phone and calls his assistant , saying , `` take over my class today and send dr. conrad and dr. peters up to the biology lab . 
 tell them it 's urgent . '' 
 one of the officers asks , `` what would infect asian carp and none of the other species ? '' 
 the professor walks back to the microscope and begins to study the sample again . 
 he says , `` that 's what we have to find out . '' 
 that evening , the military lab in utah . 
 it 's ten o’clock in the evening , and the lab is completely empty , with the exception of timothy and a female scientist . 
 the woman is a few years older than timothy . 
 she 's sporting her usual lab coat and blue jeans , and some of her long , sandy brown hair has escaped her ponytail and fallen into her face . 
 her dark-rimmed glasses are unable to hide her large , green eyes . 
 timothy has never spoken to her , but they 've been stealing glances at one another in the lab over the past few weeks . 
 tonight , they 're sitting at opposite ends of the lab , but they may as well be at opposite ends of the earth . 
 looking at the young woman across the room , timothy thinks , on the count of ten i 'm going to go over there and say something . 
 he 's tried this before ; when he reaches ten , he always loses his nerve . 
 but this time could be different . 
 at the other end of the lab , the young woman is thinking about timothy . 
 she thinks , i should just go ask him for something innocuous , like a slide . 
 he does n't know i 've been labeled a geek from grade school to high school . 
 but those kids that scarred me for life are n't here right now . 
 that 's in the past , and if i 'm going to make any kind of a life for myself , it has to start now . 
 i have no excuse . 
 she looks up and sees that timothy is looking at her , but he quickly turns away . 
 timothy thinks , the only thing stopping me is me . 
 i could turn my lonely existence around with one moment of courage . 
 he starts counting , promising himself that this is the last time he 'll play this futile mind game that never produces a result . 
 the young woman pretends to be looking through a microscope , her heart racing . 
 she thinks , this is ridiculous . 
 i 'm not a scared kid anymore . 
 i 'm a woman now . 
 leave the past behind , and on three , push the chair back , take a deep breath , and walk over there . 
 timothy reaches five and is surprised how nervous he is . 
 his usual confidence seems to be melting away by the second . 
 he has never liked a girl this much and it 's really getting under his skin . 
 he reaches seven and thinks , do n't back out . 
 she reaches two and whispers to herself , push the chair back . 
 timothy reaches ten and hesitates . 
 she hits three and thinks , get up . 
 timothy says to himself , stand up ... stand up ... at that moment , both chairs make a screeching sound against the floor . 
 each wonders why the other is getting up . 
 they wait , until finally , she stands up . 
 when timothy sees this , he ejects himself from his seat and starts walking towards her . 
 his mind is scrambling for what to say , but he resolves to keep moving . 
 they meander towards each other , realizing that there 's no backing out now . 
 neither knows what they 'll say . 
 they stop just in front of each other , each waiting for the other to speak first . 
 nothing is said . 
 she thinks , just say something ... ask him if you can borrow a magnesium sample . 
 timothy thinks , say the first thing that comes to your mind . 
 a moment passes , and it starts to get awkward . 
 she says , `` i was ... '' at the same time , he says , `` radiant . '' 
 she says , `` i 'm sorry . 
 you go ahead . '' 
 `` no , that 's okay , i interrupted you . 
 what were you going to say ? '' 
 she hesitates and says , `` i was just wondering ... '' she stops herself , thinking , even i know asking for a slide is corny ... i ca n't say that . 
 she asks , `` well ... what were you going to say ? '' 
 timothy looks at her , wondering if she heard the first thing he said , or if he can change course . 
 before he has a chance to say anything , she asks , `` did you say ` radiant ? '' ' 
 timothy thinks , shoot , i guess i 'm stuck with that now . 
 she asks , `` you were going to say something about radiant ? '' 
 `` i just said the first thing that came to my mind . '' 
 `` radiant what ? '' 
 she asks , wondering if he was referring to an experiment he conducted on crystals , or something . 
 timothy , shocked by his mind 's inability to compute at least nine logical responses by now , is drawing a complete blank . 
 he decides that honesty is the best policy and says quietly , `` i guess i was just thinking ... you . '' 
 confused , she stares at him , waiting . 
 he says , `` i was merely referring to you ... as a person . 
 you ... look radiant . '' 
 she remains silent , registering what he said . 
 timothy 's trying to read her expression . 
 seeing her confused look , he wishes he could un-ring that bell . 
 when he starts to say , `` i 've made you feel uncomfortable , sorry about ... '' she cuts him off and says , `` wait a second . '' 
 she has waited her whole life to hear anything close to resembling that , and she wants to relish the moment . 
 after a pause , she smiles and says , `` i like your hair . '' 
 timothy feels a rush of relief . 
 he was afraid he had blown it . 
 the awkwardness between them suddenly dissipates , and they do n't have to say anything . 
 time stands still . 
 all of a sudden , the elevator door opens and a soldier enters the room , breaking the spell . 
 the two quickly return to their chairs at opposite ends of the lab , like two school kids getting caught doing something wrong . 
 one week later . 
 the banks of the kankakee river , just south of chicago , il . 
 a cns news team sets up for a segment on the asian carp situation . 
 the reporter gets a nod from the sound man and begins , `` good morning . 
 this is rachel thompson reporting from the kankakee river in illinois . 
 an unknown disease is crippling the asian carp population in this river , located about thirty miles south of chicago . 
 the asian carp is an invasive species , not indigenous to these waterways . 
 in fact , it 's not indigenous to any of the united states ' waters . 
 the fish were introduced , or as the fishermen would say ` unleashed , ' into u.s. waters sometime back in the late 1980 's and have thrived here ever since . 
 however , they 've thrived at a huge cost to our native fish species due to their tenacious appetites and the fact that they feed on anything and everything in the water . 
 these fish have no natural enemies here and have been multiplying at an alarming rate . 
 experts have tried everything to eradicate the species , but to no avail . 
 they 've said for years that if the carp get into lake michigan , they 'll decimate every game fish from here to canada . 
 there does n't appear to be any sense of urgency to find out what 's killing the asian carp . 
 because the disease has not yet affected any other species , this is more of a cleanup mission than a rescue mission . 
 reporting from the kankakee river , rachel thompson , cns news . '' 
 meanwhile , a news report from darfur , africa . 
 `` this is carolyn croft , wbc news , reporting live from darfur , africa . 
 before i bring you this breaking story , i 'd like to give you the latest update on my colleague , chase jordan , who was recently injured in an explosion in georgia . 
 he has just been upgraded from serious to stable condition and is expected to make a full recovery . 
 he says he 'll be back on the streets of georgia as soon as he 's released and is eager to continue covering their story . 
 `` now back to the breaking news happening here in darfur . 
 there 's an unexplained illness that has suddenly stricken many native people in this region . 
 the disease , yet to be identified , is running rampant through some parts of darfur , mainly in prisons , military camps , and hospitals . 
 there have been several deaths linked to the illness , but just how many is difficult to determine . 
 as you can see , i 'm not wearing a mask , nor are the doctors . 
 for some unknown reason , the virus is only affecting natives . 
 i 'm trying to speak with one of the doctors here now . '' 
 she walks towards a doctor who 's hurrying past her , saying , `` excuse me , doctor , can you tell us anything about the illness ? '' 
 the doctor responds , `` we have no information , '' and keeps walking . 
 she continues to follow him , asking loudly , `` are you giving the patients any vaccines or inoculations that seem to be helping ? '' 
 keeping his pace , he answers `` we are attempting traditional penicillin and antibiotics and should have it under control shortly . '' 
 carolyn stops pursuing him , looks back at the camera , and says , `` well , that 's about all i 'm going to get from the doctor . 
 i 'd like to point out that he was wearing the traditional physicians worldwide logo on his sleeve . 
 physicians worldwide doctors are considered heroes here in darfur after their years of assisting victims of genocide by the janjuweed tribe . 
 for decades , the janjuweed have been inflicting pain and suffering on the other tribes in the region and are responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths , even those of women and children . 
 this new outbreak of disease is just another blow for this volatile region , which has already experienced more than its fair share of heartbreak . 
 we 'll keep you informed as this story unfolds . 
 carolyn croft , wbc news . '' 
 the next day . 
 lexington , kentucky . 
 outside of st. joseph 's hospital in lexington , ky , dozens of reporters are anxiously waiting , talking amongst each other . 
 a female reporter giving a live report , says to the viewers , `` in just a moment , lieutenant parks is going to give a press conference about his involvement in the coalition 's mission and his battle with a full grown tiger in indonesia . 
 parks was part of a coalition military team assigned to capture tigers for their top secret operation . 
 we are hoping to get some perspective on what it 's like for these men to be virtually unarmed while trying to capture these tigers . 
 since the coalition forces are n't giving specifics , this will be the public 's first glimpse ... '' she abruptly stops her report after hearing a commotion behind her . 
 the doors of the hospital open and parks appears in a wheelchair . 
 his father is pushing his chair , and his mother and sister are at his side . 
 as they make their way to the podium , reporters shout out a constant stream of questions . 
 one reporter calls out to him , `` what 's it like hunting such a dangerous predator ? '' 
 another yells , `` how many tigers has the coalition captured ? '' 
 several other reporters shout out questions simultaneously , including : `` what 's it been like to receive a hero 's welcome ? '' 
 `` is it true that thomas adams lost his life fighting a tiger ? '' 
 `` were you afraid in the jungle ? '' 
 upon hearing this last question , parks puts his head down . 
 he remembers that the last thing he said to thomas adams was , `` you 're afraid . '' 
 a tear begins to run down his cheek . 
 the reporters give him a moment to regain his composure , as flash bulbs go off around him . 
 finally , he lifts his head and says , `` i know it 's been reported that i 'm a hero ... '' he pauses and looks out over the large crowd , struggling to find the right words . 
 he continues , `` i 'm twenty-eight years old with the best training this nation offers . 
 i was honored when the coalition selected me for this mission . '' 
 he pauses when he sees his high school math teacher in the front row , then says , `` i was also naïve . 
 i wondered why they would send a sixty-seven-year-old man to lead our team ... i knew that thomas adams was a decorated vietnam veteran , but that was nearly fifty years ago . '' 
 he then sees the mayor standing in the wings holding a ribbon with a medal attached , obviously intended for him . 
 he tries not to think about that and continues , `` but i know now why adams was sent on the mission . 
 he was n't sent there to save a tiger ... he was sent there to save me . '' 
 he puts his head down and pauses , then continues `` the night before he died , thomas told us that in vietnam there was never a moment he was n't afraid . 
 i know now what he meant by that . 
 i know now that he was afraid ... but not of dying . 
 he was afraid of letting his team down ... of letting his country down . 
 thomas adams did something that very few men would do ; he chose to engage in hand-to-hand combat with a full-grown tiger ... knowing he would die ... and that perhaps i would live . '' 
 tears fill his eyes , knowing adams is dead because of him . 
 he says , `` i want his friends and family to know that he saved my life . 
 i want them to know that he was the bravest man i 'll ever meet . '' 
 he starts sobbing uncontrollably , and his father rubs his shoulder . 
 realizing that his son wo n't be able to continue , he turns the wheelchair around to take him back inside , as reporters shout out more questions . 
 meanwhile , back at the military lab in utah . 
 several scientists are gathered around a t.v. at the utah lab watching a wbc news report from illinois . 
 the reporter 's voice booms from the television , `` this is jessica hamel reporting live thirty miles south of chicago . 
 behind me is the kankakee river , which is literally covered with dead asian carp . 
 this phenomenon that began just two weeks ago with a couple hundred dead fish , has now spread ten miles north and ten miles south from where it began . 
 private citizens , fish and game wardens , the coast guard , and even kayakers , are helping round up the dead fish . 
 they 're loading the dead carp onto barges spread out every mile or so , like the one behind me . 
 the dead carp are then transported to an undisclosed location . 
 `` scientists believe that an unknown virus is responsible for killing these carp . 
 they say that what makes this virus so unusual , is not only its nearly one hundred percent kill rate , but the fact that it affects only the asian carp species . 
 all of the other species of fish in the river are not only surviving , but thriving . 
 scientists say that the game fish population is flourishing underneath the layer of dead carp . 
 since this invasive species of asian carp infested this river in the mid-1980 's , it 's been feeding on the game fish , almost wiping out the small mouth bass and perch species altogether . 
 for years , scientists have attempted to eradicate the asian carp from these waterways , but to no avail . 
 `` i have to tell you ... there are more than a few fishermen here that are thrilled with this virus , even calling it a miracle . 
 rumor has it that some fishermen are even taking dead asian carp to other rivers , hoping to contaminate that river 's carp population as well . 
 game officials warn that anyone caught bringing the infected carp to any other river will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law . 
 we 'll keep you posted on any new developments as they unfold . 
 now , back to the studio . '' 
 just then , jessica hears something in her earpiece and relays , `` okay ... correction , we 're not going back to the studio . 
 we 're going to take you live to darfur , africa , with some breaking news . '' 
 the television cuts to darfur , where another reporter says , `` this is carolyn croft reporting for wbc news here in darfur , africa , where things are becoming progressively worse . 
 the deadly disease we reported about earlier is spreading rapidly here . 
 doctors are unable to identify the disease , and traditional medicine is not helping . 
 there 's an air of secrecy and urgency on the doctors ' faces , but not a lot of facts being disclosed . 
 we do n't know if they 're intentionally keeping information from us or they just do n't have the answers . 
 one unusual fact we 've learned is that the virus is only affecting adult males . 
 fortunately , women and children are seemingly spared by the virus . 
 that 's the only good news . 
 `` we 've also learned that the dead are being buried in excavated trenches immediately upon demise to prevent any further spread of the disease . 
 the government wo n't let our cameras anywhere near those makeshift graves , but they have confirmed their existence . 
 now ... i 'm going to try to have a word with one of the physicians . '' 
 making her way towards a doctor , she says , `` excuse me , sir , i 'm with wbc news . 
 can you confirm that no women or children have been affected by the virus ? '' 
 the doctor says , `` that is correct , '' as he continues walking by . 
 carolyn quickly asks , `` how long before you 'll have the virus contained ? '' 
 the doctor says , `` we have no answers as yet ... sorry , i have to go , '' as he disappears behind a tent . 
 carolyn looks back at the camera and says , `` they 're not saying much . 
 we do know this : they 've narrowed down ground zero to within one mile of where i 'm standing , and the disease has now spread ten miles in all directions . 
 if i had to guess , i would say there are approximately hundreds dead at this point and hundreds more who are infected and bedridden . 
 some of the natives have conveyed to our wbc translators that every person that has acquired the illness has died , and rather quickly . 
 the virus seems to have a relatively short forty-eight hour incubation period . 
 there are certainly many baffling and unusual aspects of this mysterious disease . 
 we hope to have some answers shortly and will keep you informed of any developments . 
 reporting from darfur , carolyn croft , wbc news . 
 now , back to the studio . '' 
 the anchor appears on the screen and says , `` thank you , carolyn . 
 we 're going to switch gears now and bring you some good news . 
 our very own chase jordan has been released from the hospital . 
 we 're going live to georgia where he 's standing by . 
 how are you feeling , chase ? '' 
 chase says in a frantic voice , `` there 's no time for that ! '' 
 he has a bandage around his head , two black eyes and his arm is in a sling . 
 in a panicked voice , he continues , `` we 've reached a pivotal moment here in georgia . 
 i 'm here in the small town of kurcha where the men , even the young men , are staging a peaceful demonstration in the street . 
 there are russian tanks lined up a few blocks away . 
 what their intentions are is unknown . 
 `` the georgian men are unarmed , and they know they 're no match for the russian military . 
 most of the women and children are indoors watching the protest unfold . 
 the protestors , approximately five hundred or so , have decided that they are going to stand up to the russian government . '' 
 the camera pans away from chase , showing the large crowd of protestors gathered in the street behind him . 
 chase says , `` to the people back home in the u.s. , this is what it 's come down to . 
 i want to remind the viewers that this is a live broadcast . 
 i hope the russian military will come to their senses , turn around , and go home . 
 but if not , we do n't know what may happen here . 
 if you have children watching this , you may want to send them to another room and ... wait a second , we have some movement . 
 some of the russian tanks are heading this way . 
 they 're moving at a slow speed . '' 
 the camera pans to the tanks , as chase continues , `` it looks as though the tanks are picking up their pace a bit , but the georgian men are standing their ground . '' 
 chase yells to the men , `` get out of the street ! '' 
 he turns to the camera and says , `` they 're getting closer , about two hundred feet away , and it does n't look like they 're stopping . 
 the men better start moving . '' 
 he yells to the men once again , `` get out of there ! '' 
 chase frantically waves his arms at them , but the men are not moving . 
 instead , they all grasp arms to show their solidarity . 
 chase says in a panicked voice , `` oh , my god . '' 
 again , he yells to the men , `` move ! '' 
 he realizes it 's too late , as the unthinkable happens : the tanks begin to plow through the men . 
 the cameraman and crew are in complete shock . 
 wives , mothers and children scream as they watch their loved ones get mowed down by the russian military . 
 after the tanks pass through , the scene is chaotic . 
 men in the streets are howling in pain and many lay dead . 
 the cameraman pans to chase , who is hunched over with his hands on his knees , trying to regain his composure . 
 the onlookers emerge from the buildings and run to help survivors , just as the wbc live feed goes to static . 
 the broadcast returns to the studio , where one of the anchors is visibly shaken , with her hand over her mouth , as the other spins his chair to face backward , unable to face the camera . 
 when the news broadcast ends , timothy and the other scientists are in disbelief . 
 timothy slowly lifts himself up from his seat . 
 no one says anything . 
 they all wander away from the television , lost in thought , taking in what they 've seen . 
 as the room clears , douglas friedrich , the assistant chief , walks up to ed reed and says , `` chief reed , this may not be the best time to bring this up but ... it 's about timothy hutchins . 
 he 's up to something . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 ed agrees , `` i 've noticed it too . '' 
 `` a thought keeps running through my mind ... that day i caught him in the secured room , he had fish in that tupperware that a wolf would n't have eaten . 
 there 's no way it was his lunch . 
 if he 's been experimenting with fish , maybe he has something to do with that asian carp situation in illinois that 's been all over the news . '' 
 ed looks at douglas with surprise . 
 he says , `` that 's quite a leap . '' 
 `` he 's smarter than we think , ed . 
 i overheard him explaining to another recruit why a certain experiment was n't going to work , and the explanation was over my head . 
 i stopped believing his big and dumb routine a couple of weeks ago . 
 the kid is brilliant . '' 
 `` i agree ... he 's smarter than he 's letting on , but it 's a real stretch to think that he has something to do with an asian carp epidemic in chicago , do n't you think ? '' 
 douglas replies , `` there are three pieces of evidence . 
 first : he 's been seen dissecting fish . 
 second : this is an unfamiliar , complex virus that has scientists in chicago stumped . 
 and third : the asian carp problem began shortly after i caught him in a secured area with a fish specimen in hand . '' 
 ed does n't reply , contemplating douglas ' theory . 
 midnight that evening . 
 cambodia . 
 a tiger is lounging in the grass , when she suddenly hears a whistling sound coming from above . 
 she points her ears in that direction and looks up at the sky , but sees only the full moon staring back . 
 hearing the whistling becoming louder , she stands up . 
 her night-vision allows her to see an object coming her way . 
 the whistling becomes a roar as a drone passes overhead . 
 her eyes follow the strange bird as it flies by . 
 she growls at it and raises up her paw , as she watches it disappear into the darkness . 
 as the drone passes over the tiger , an officer at the coalition 's command center receives the infrared images . 
 the officer calls over a deployment officer and says , `` we 've got a tiger in sector 556 . '' 
 he responds , `` good . 
 we 've got an aussie team and ... a canadian team in that sector . '' 
 the other officer pulls a coin out of his pocket and flips it , then says , `` send the canadians . '' 
 the next day . 
 utah military lab . 
 it 's late at night and timothy is in the lab studying some samples . 
 his new friend is in her usual spot at the other end of the lab . 
 not having spoken to each other since their encounter last week , they 're both filled with anticipation . 
 there 's only one other person in the lab besides them , and as soon as that person leaves , they jump from their seats and hurry towards each other . 
 she thinks to herself , do n't think about it , just do it . 
 they stop in front of each other , and he says , `` i 'm timothy . '' 
 without hesitation , she takes a step forward , stands on the tips of her toes , and kisses him on the lips . 
 then she takes a step back and says , `` maggie . '' 
 timothy 's so caught off guard by the kiss , he 's speechless , and maggie thinks she made the wrong move . 
 she quickly says , `` sorry about that , i was out of line . '' 
 timothy says , `` no ... i 'm ... '' he stops talking and just stares at her . 
 then he slowly leans in , as she does the same , and they kiss . 
 he puts his hands on her arms and gently pulls her closer . 
 she suddenly begins to french kiss . 
 startled , he pulls away and says , `` i 'm not very experienced with all this ... i think i need some practice . '' 
 she smiles and says confidently , `` i 've seen the notebook about ten times . 
 follow my lead . '' 
 wasting no time , she leans in and initiates a second attempt . 
 meanwhile , another media report . 
 a news anchor begins a report by stating , `` we 've just received word that the united nations has called an emergency session to discuss the atrocities taking place in georgia . 
 a date for the session has not yet been announced , but it will be held as soon as world leaders can arrange to meet . 
 president shepherd has said the meeting should take place immediately and no delay is acceptable . 
 he 's asking that russia withdraw its troops from georgia until the un meeting is convened . 
 as a show of good faith , the united nations has reached out to russian president nikolai kirillov to ask that the emergency meeting be held in russia . 
 in return , they say that president kirillov 's demands concerning georgia will be heard , including his demand that they be prevented from joining nato , and the concerns will be addressed . 
 the un is apparently awaiting a response to their request to hold the meeting in russia , and we 'll bring you more on this story as it develops . '' 
 meanwhile . 
 beijing , china . 
 it 's the evening rush hour at a major intersection in beijing . 
 cars , horns , pedestrians , and flashing lights add to the noise and bustling atmosphere . 
 an international news correspondent , rebecca gale , stands amidst the chaos , ready to give a live report . 
 in a thick british accent she says into her earpiece , `` okay , i 'll do my best , '' unaware that the camera and sound are already broadcasting live back to the u.k. . 
 she weaves her way in between pedestrians and over to a teenage girl who 's passing out flyers to passers-by . 
 she asks the girl , `` do you speak english ? '' 
 the young girl , surprised by the ambush , turns and sees the camera crew . 
 `` yes , i do , '' she says slowly . 
 the reporter says , `` could we interview you for a moment regarding these flyers you 're handing out ? '' 
 the girl enthusiastically responds , `` yes ! '' 
 as she fixes her hair . 
 rebecca smiles and looks at the camera , `` here we go . 
 this is rebecca gale live from beijing , china with - ? '' 
 she puts the microphone to the girl 's mouth . 
 the girl says `` jia li . '' 
 `` oh , that 's a pretty name ... as i understand from your flyer , you 're part of a movement here in china trying to persuade your government to allow the coalition to use your airspace and landing strips . 
 why is it so important for your movement to help the coalition save the tigers ? '' 
 the student answers , `` there are very few tigers left in china . 
 they 'll all be gone in twenty years unless we do something now . 
 only the poachers are profiting from the killing of tigers . 
 and anyone who believes that tigers hold some aphrodisiac or healing powers is -- '' she pauses , trying to think of the word in english . 
 rebecca sees her struggling and tries to help by interjecting , `` misguided ? '' 
 jia li shakes her head , `` no . '' 
 rebecca offers , `` misinformed ? '' 
 she shakes her head again , still searching for the word . 
 then , her face lights up and she says , `` stupid . '' 
 rebecca laughs . 
 the chaos on the streets makes it hard to hear , so she asks loudly , almost shouting , `` your website ` save the tiger ' has an online petition . 
 how many people have signed it ? '' 
 `` as of this morning we have two million people , and we 're getting more every hour . 
 we hope to have three million by the weekend . '' 
 `` wow , that 's a lot . 
 jia li , what would you say to your government to help persuade them to assist ? '' 
 jia li chooses her words carefully and says , `` i would say to my government : the world is watching us . 
 make a decision that the citizens of china can be proud of . 
 in the future , let 's not look back and wonder why we did not do the right thing . 
 let the coalition come in , take the tigers to their island , and leave . 
 this small sacrifice will feel very big . '' 
 rebecca smiles and says , `` thank you , jia li . 
 well said . 
 let 's hope your government listens . '' 
 she then turns to the camera and says , `` as you can see , many people here believe that china should cooperate with the coalition and provide them the access they need to capture tigers for their island . 
 reporting live from the beautiful city of beijing , rebecca gale , wbc news . '' 
 a few days later . 
 chicago , illinois . 
 local and national news stations are continuing their coverage of the asian carp problem in the kankakee river near chicago . 
 a cns news reporter begins : `` this is rachel thompson , cns news , with the latest on the asian carp situation at the kankakee river in illinois . 
 there are still no answers here , as fish and game officers are shocked at the staggering numbers of dead carp in the river . 
 officials are reporting that there are between fifty and seventy thousand dead asian carp in this stretch of river alone . 
 `` on the flip side , many government officials whose states have an asian carp presence are asking if they could introduce the virus into their rivers in order to eradicate the fish from their own waterways . 
 but scientists warn that introducing an unknown virus into a new ecosystem could have devastating effects on plants , animals , and even humans . 
 as we reported earlier , the fish and game officers have already caught some fishermen attempting to carry infected fish across state lines , and those men have been fined . 
 `` officials here are trying to solve this mystery , but there are more questions than answers at this point . 
 we 'll keep you updated on any developments . 
 rachel thompson , cns news . 
 now , back to the studio . '' 
 the broadcast returns to the studio , where the anchor says , `` thanks for that report , rachel . 
 now , on to international news . 
 russian president nikolai kirillov has agreed to allow the united nations to hold an emergency session in russia to discuss the georgian/russian conflict . 
 the meeting will specifically address russia 's recent invasion of its neighboring country of georgia and will attempt to negotiate a peace agreement . 
 while president kirillov has agreed to host the un session , he has insisted that the topics discussed include georgia 's military build up prior to the invasion , and georgia 's recent attempt to join nato . 
 the date of the un meeting in russia has yet to be determined . 
 we 'll bring you more later on this developing story . '' 
 the next day . 
 military lab in utah . 
 ed reed is heading down to the lab monday morning after a long weekend . 
 when the elevator doors open to the lab , ed sees douglas friedrich standing at the entrance , awaiting his arrival . 
 douglas abruptly says in a panicked voice , `` you have n't been answering your phone . '' 
 startled at his urgency , ed says , `` i 've had it off . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 douglas quips , `` i requested a sample of an asian carp from the kankakee river . 
 it arrived last night , and i came back here to run some tests against hutchins ' sample . 
 they 're a match . 
 i knew he was behind it ! '' 
 ed says , `` my god . '' 
 he and douglas rush over to timothy 's desk , which they find empty . 
 searching for co-workers to question as to his whereabouts , they notice that the lab is a bit empty . 
 they see that many people are gathered around a television in the nearby cafeteria . 
 they briskly walk over to it . 
 the television is showing a live news report out of darfur . 
 the reporter says , `` this is carolyn croft , wbc news , live in darfur , where over the weekend things have gone from bad to worse . 
 there are at least fifteen hundred dead here due to the mysterious virus , and the number is growing rapidly . 
 the virus continues to afflict only adult males , and for some unknown reason , is bypassing women and children . 
 more importantly , and even more bizarre , we 've just learned that this disease is only affecting the janjuweed population , and no other tribes . 
 this latest development is what has physicians so perplexed . 
 doctors here have no explanation for this phenomenon , but parallels are being drawn to a similar situation in the united states , where a mystery virus is only affecting the asian carp species of fish in a particular illinois waterway . 
 doctors and scientists have refused to comment on any similarities between the two , but experts in both locations have labeled the diseases as viruses . '' 
 as the news report ends , ed and douglas look at each other in dismay . 
 `` good lord ! 
 what has hutchins done ? '' 
 ed exclaims , still in shock . 
 douglas shakes his head , and says , `` we 've got to find him . 
 let 's split up . '' 
 ed leaves the cafeteria and runs over to the secured room where timothy had been caught weeks earlier . 
 bursting into the room , he searches the area for a clue , anything to go on . 
 seeing nothing , he rushes to the phone and picks it up to call lab security . 
 he abruptly stops and hangs up the phone . 
 he detects a faint smell , unmistakable to a scientist . 
 he starts to walk around the room , tracking the scent . 
 the odor leads him to a large custodial closet . 
 he hesitates , dreading what he may find . 
 after a moment , he gingerly cracks open the door and is instantly inundated with the overwhelming stench of formaldehyde . 
 he opens the door more widely and see 's that a body bag is tucked away in the corner . 
 he quickly drags the bag out and unzips it . 
 covering his nose and mouth , he peers into the body bag and gasps , `` my god . '' 
 a cadaver is inside . 
 he studies the body , and his eyes widen as he connects the dots . 
 having seen news reports about the tribe for the past several weeks regarding the genocide in darfur , his mind assumes the worst . 
 this cadaver appears to be that of a male janjuweed . 
 he frantically drags the body bag out of the room and into the main lab , in full view of everyone . 
 he then yells out as loud as he can , `` lockdown ! '' 
 people in all parts of the lab hear ed 's shout , as he pulls the alarm , setting off sirens . 
 with stunned faces , people scurry over to see what 's happening . 
 douglas runs over , as ed picks up the nearest emergency phone and calls the security officers at the front gate . 
 when an officer responds , ed yells , `` timothy hutchins ... in or out ? '' 
 the guard monitoring the computer , keys in the name and says , `` out . '' 
 `` when did he leave ? '' 
 the officer quickly responds , `` fourteen hours ago . '' 
 ed hangs up the phone and thinks a minute . 
 he then grabs a scalpel from a lab station and runs over to the cadaver . 
 he pulls out the right hand , pins it against the floor and cuts off the thumb . 
 grabbing the thumb with a plastic bag , he runs to the elevator , and heads up to ground level . 
 he jogs over to the security gate and pushes the cadaver 's thumb onto the fingerprint scanner . 
 the scanner reads : cadaver delivered : 01/06/2016 , 2:43 pm . 
 point of origin : darfur , africa . 
 requested by : douglas friedrich . 
 his hunch was dead on . 
 he pauses for a moment , breathing heavy to catch his breath , then heads back down to the lab . 
 he finds douglas there , waiting for him . 
 douglas asks nervously , `` what do we have ? '' 
 wiping beads of sweat from his forehead , ed replies , `` he used your card to request a cadaver from darfur . '' 
 douglas ' mouth drops open . 
 he does n't respond . 
 ed then runs to the nearest computer and searches : janjuweed distinguishing markings or self-mutilation . 
 the computer shows a picture of an adolescent male proudly showing off dozens of burn dots on his chest , and the caption reads , janjuweed proudly perform ritual on young men upon entering adulthood . 
 he briskly walks over to the cadaver , pulls it from the bag and flips it over . 
 ed sees the markings on the man 's chest , confirming what he already knew . 
 he says quietly , `` janjuweed . '' 
 ed runs back to his office and looks on a clipboard next to the phone . 
 he keys in the phone number to colonel steven bradshaw . 
 a man finally picks up and answers , `` bradshaw . '' 
 ed says in a frantic voice , `` colonel , this is ed reed from the utah lab . 
 we have a code red security breach . '' 
 hearing the sirens going off at the lab , bradshaw urgently asks , `` what 's his name ? '' 
 `` timothy hutchins . '' 
 he spells it out . 
 `` i 'm messaging you his military id number now . 
 he must not board a plane . '' 
 bradshaw asks , `` how bad is it ? '' 
 `` he probably caused the epidemic in darfur , and he may have another biological weapon or virus with him . 
 we ca n't let him leave the country . '' 
 bradshaw realizes the magnitude of the situation . 
 he immediately calls the flight room and says urgently , `` timothy hutchins . 
 military recruit at the utah lab . 
 that 's h-u-t-c-h-i-n-s . 
 i 'm forwarding you his military id number now . 
 find out if he 's boarded a plane . '' 
 alex in the flight room says , `` yes , colonel . '' 
 he keys in timothy 's information . 
 after a brief moment , he says , `` hutchins is arriving in vnukovo airport in moscow , russia in twenty minutes ... no , wait a second ... the records are unclear if he made this scheduled flight or if he took a later flight to russia . 
 if he made his first flight , he 'll be debarking in vnukovo momentarily . 
 if he missed that flight and took the next one , he 'll be arriving at vnukovo in ... four hours . '' 
 bradshaw asks , `` the second plane 's airborne for another four hours ? '' 
 `` that 's correct , sir . '' 
 `` track it . 
 prepare for anything . 
 as for the first plane , i 'll get some men at the tarmac . 
 we ca n't let him off the plane . '' 
 alex responds , `` yes , sir . '' 
 colonel bradshaw then calls the pentagon and puts the wheels in motion . 
 after that , he calls ed reed back and says , `` he 's on a plane headed for russia . '' 
 `` good god . 
 he ca n't get off that plane ! '' 
 `` we 're working on it , '' replies bradshaw . 
 `` we 're tracking one flight he may have boarded , and the pentagon is sending cia operatives to the airport in moscow to try to locate and intercept him . 
 we 'll let you know what else we need from your end . '' 
 back in the flight room , alex begins barking out orders to the other officers . 
 they are trying to make contact with the pilot of the plane which is still en route to russia . 
 one officer , aaron , says , `` i 've got the pilot on five . '' 
 alex takes the call and says in an authoritative voice , `` to whom am i speaking ? '' 
 the pilot identifies himself . 
 alex says , `` this is the u.s. air force with a national security issue , so listen carefully . 
 i need to know if timothy hutchins is on your plane . '' 
 the pilot says , `` we 'll check , '' and passes the phone to a flight attendant , who nervously begins reviewing the flight manifest . 
 she says , `` i do n't show a timothy hutchins on this flight . '' 
 alex responds , `` you should be receiving a photo right now on your screen . 
 print it out and do a visual down the aisle ; he may have used a different name . '' 
 as she waits for the photo to print , another flight attendant walks over and asks , `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she puts her finger over her lips and whispers , `` shhh . 
 quiet . '' 
 alex asks , `` what 's your name , ma’am ? '' 
 `` julie . '' 
 alex says , `` julie , turn your cell phone on and give me that number . '' 
 she quickly tells him her number and turns her phone on . 
 almost immediately , her phone rings and she answers , `` i 'm here . '' 
 `` did you get the photo ? '' 
 `` it 's coming now . '' 
 she pulls it out and studies the image . 
 she says , `` ok , beginning my sweep . '' 
 she begins to walk down the aisle , scanning faces , passenger by passenger . 
 she 's nervous , fearing the suspect may eject himself from his seat and turn this plane into everyone 's worst nightmare . 
 nearing the end of the aisle , she starts to feel relieved and relaxes a bit . 
 but all at once , her heart sinks . 
 she sees a man who looks similar to the photo , but he has his head tilted down , reading something . 
 before approaching him , she quickly scans the last rows and sees no one else resembling the photo . 
 she hesitates , then politely asks the man , `` excuse me , sir , may i ask your name ? '' 
 he looks up at her and asks , `` why ? '' 
 `` i was just wondering . '' 
 hardly looking up from his magazine , he answers rudely , `` that 's none of your business . '' 
 she continues past him and whispers into her cell phone , `` i have someone who looks like him , but he wo n't give me his name . '' 
 alex says , `` of the passengers behind him , pick the largest guy you see and hand him the phone . '' 
 she sees a giant of a man wearing a chicago bears football jersey sitting a few rows behind the suspect . 
 she hands him the phone and whispers , `` sir , maybe you can help us . '' 
 the man is surprised , but takes the phone and listens . 
 after a moment , he gets up from his seat , hands the phone back to julie , and stops just behind the suspect , discreetly pointing at him . 
 julie confirms by nodding her head . 
 the large man casually walks past the suspect by one step , then quickly steps backwards and delivers a sharp elbow to the suspect 's nose , bouncing his head off the headrest and knocking him out . 
 some surrounding passengers scream out in fear . 
 julie listens intently to alex on the phone , receiving another order . 
 she looks at her helper and says urgently , `` stand him up to check his height . '' 
 he quickly picks the man up off the floor and holds him as erect as possible . 
 julie sees that the suspect 's knees are bent and says , `` a little higher . '' 
 the man raises him up further . 
 when the suspect 's feet are flat and knees straight , she lifts up his head and makes her assessment . 
 she says to alex on the phone , `` he 's just under six feet tall . '' 
 her eyes widen , as alex says , `` it 's not him . '' 
 feeling more relief than remorse , she turns to her helper and says , `` false alarm . '' 
 as the suspect is regaining consciousness , julie and her bewildered helper look at the shocked passengers . 
 smiling , she says , `` just a training drill , folks . '' 
 meanwhile . 
 moscow , russia . 
 the other plane timothy was suspected to be on has just landed at the vnukovo international airport in moscow . 
 several undercover cia operatives in different vehicles pull up to the airport . 
 the operatives quickly abandon their vehicles and run into the arrivals terminal . 
 the operatives , dressed in civilian clothes , head towards the plane . 
 each man has an earpiece to communicate with the commander , who informs them that the plane is already unloading . 
 they 've memorized timothy 's face from the photo , but it 's a lot easier to merely scan the crowd for a six-foot-four caucasian male , as they make their way to the arrival gate . 
 russian police catch up to one of the operatives and draw on him , yelling , `` get down ! '' 
 in russian . 
 they do n't know he 's american . 
 they only know that several men have abandoned their vehicles and stormed the airport , and he 's one of them . 
 the operative obeys the orders , gets down on his knees , and clasps both hands over the back of his neck . 
 the police begin to frisk him . 
 one of the officers sees that the man has a sidearm in his holster and yells , `` gun ! '' 
 the other officers push the operative down on his face and handcuff him . 
 he has no identification on him , and says nothing , so they still do n't know he 's american . 
 while some of the russian police focus on this suspect , the remaining operatives head towards the plane , trying to elude the police officers . 
 the first operative to reach the plane sees that it has finished unloading , and he immediately informs the rest of the team . 
 the agents then scatter in different directions around the airport , continuing their search . 
 a couple of them head to the baggage claim area and the rest to the various exits . 
 one of the agents sees an extremely tall individual wearing a wig and sunglasses , seemingly made up to look like a woman . 
 he quickly walks up to the person and , without hesitation , tugs on the hair , confirming it 's a wig . 
 he then pats the person 's private region , and quickly realizes his mistake . 
 it 's a woman , who 's completely shocked by his groping . 
 he stands still to take what 's coming , as she slaps him in the face . 
 he does n't miss a beat and continues on with his search . 
 the agents scour the terminals until their commander determines they 've exhausted their efforts and the window has closed . 
 he says , `` abort , '' and they terminate the search . 
 the commander then calls the pentagon to say , `` package lost . '' 
 the agents head outside and see that their vehicles have been surrounded by russian police , who are panning the crowd , searching for the occupants . 
 separately and discretely , the agents start to get into cabs . 
 one of them suddenly stops when he sees his colleague in handcuffs , being placed into a police car . 
 he watches to see how many officers get in the squad car with him . 
 only one officer pushes him in the back seat and then gets in the driver 's seat , pulling away . 
 the agent gets in a cab and gives the driver a one hundred dollar bill . 
 he says casually in russian , `` follow that police car . '' 
 the cab driver sits up straight and obliges . 
 when they pull up next to the police car at a stoplight , the agent nonchalantly exits the cab . 
 he opens the police officer 's door , startling him , and knocks him out with one punch to the face . 
 he then opens the back door and lets his friend out , as the police car starts to roll into the intersection , causing cars to slam on their brakes to avoid it . 
 they both get into the cab and the shocked cab driver stares at them through the rearview mirror . 
 the agent says calmly , `` let 's go . '' 
 the driver hits the gas and peels away . 
 thirty minutes after they last spoke , steven bradshaw calls ed reed back and says , `` we lost him . 
 we think he 's in moscow . '' 
 ed pauses for a second and then says , `` you need to come out here to the lab as soon as possible . '' 
 `` i 'll be there in five hours . 
 how bad is it ? '' 
 `` bad . '' 
 bradshaw hangs up and prepares to leave . 
 chapter eight media coverage of tiger island continues . 
 `` this is aldin roth with wbc news coming to you live from our studio in new york city . 
 in response to some recent rumors regarding the cost of the coalition 's tiger island , president shepherd issued a statement today in which he disclosed the amounts that were paid to the native countries as compensation for their tigers . 
 hold on to your pocket books ... '' he smirks , eager to read the figures on the monitor , and begins , `` indonesia 50 million , india 165 million , vietnam 65 million , cambodia 40 million , malaysia 35 million , bangladesh 30 million . 
 these are staggering numbers . 
 in all , with the purchase of the island , the construction of the island , and payment for the tigers , the cost will exceed $ 1 billion . 
 of course , you ca n't put a price on an incredible medical breakthrough in the cure for alzheimer 's , or on saving the tiger from extinction . 
 however , many insiders say that we could have negotiated a better price from these countries , given that this is a worldwide humanitarian effort . '' 
 aldin looks over at his co-anchor and says , smiling , `` maybe we should n't have had tony the tiger representing us in the negotiations . '' 
 the co-anchor laughs and says `` yeah , bit of a conflict of interest , huh ? '' 
 they both laugh as the camera cuts away . 
 meanwhile . 
 in flight to utah . 
 on his way to the utah lab , colonel steven bradshaw phones a good friend of his at the pentagon named elliot konrad . 
 when konrad sees bradshaw 's name appear on his phone , he answers informally , `` what 's up , colonel ? '' 
 bradshaw says , `` i wish this were a personal call , but i need your help . 
 can you do a background check on a timothy bradley hutchins of silverton , colorado . 
 i just sent you his bio . '' 
 konrad replies , `` yep , i just got it . 
 i 'll call you back after i do a search . '' 
 he enters the information in his database and after a short while , calls bradshaw back . 
 he says , `` we do n't have much . 
 top of his class in everything ... mountain state university pre-med and bio-engineering , then medical school . 
 test scores off the charts . 
 professors categorize him as a genius . 
 walked into our boulder recruiting office a couple months ago to join the military as a scientist . 
 we now pay him fifty-nine thousand a year . '' 
 bradshaw remarks sarcastically , `` take him off the payroll . '' 
 konrad replies , `` what 's he done ? '' 
 `` i ca n't get into it right now ... let me know if you find anything else . '' 
 `` oh ... wait a minute . 
 he does have some restraining orders against him . '' 
 `` restraining orders ? 
 from who ? '' 
 `` he 's got quite a few of them . 
 twelve to be exact . 
 looks like they 're from hospitals ... no , more like research facilities . 
 specifically cancer research facilities ... from switzerland to china to morocco . '' 
 bradshaw asks , `` what was he doing to them ? '' 
 `` they claimed internet harassment . 
 from reading the complaints here ... it seems that he was bombarding them with questions about their test results and studies ... apparently even using scientists ' home email addresses . 
 `` how did he pass the military background check with that history ? '' 
 `` the records were apparently sealed because he was a minor . '' 
 `` a minor ? 
 how old was he ? '' 
 `` twelve-years old . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` he was twelve when this happened and ... looks like his parents put the kibosh on it . 
 here 's something i have n't seen before . '' 
 he pauses , reads a bit , and continues , `` he was red-flagged by the cia because his harassment was international . 
 they 've been monitoring his computer , i should say computers , ever since . '' 
 `` what 'd they find ? '' 
 `` well ... every time that kid looked something up on the internet , it got stored in our pentagon database . 
 i 'm looking at it right now . 
 it 's medical research . '' 
 he pauses a moment to read , then continues , `` more medical research ... sharks ... cancer ... '' `` did you say sharks ? '' 
 `` yeah , a lot on sharks pertaining to medical research ... everything pertains to medical research ... and i mean everything . 
 not a single thing about sports , friends , girls ... just a whole lot of ... '' he stops and says , `` holy cow . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` he 's a reader ... or this is a typo . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` this is a number i 'm not used to seeing : seven million ... websites , documents , data reports . 
 all visited at 1 a.m. , 2 a.m. , 3 a.m. i guess the kid does n't sleep . '' 
 `` he had to have slept . '' 
 `` well , not much , according to this . 
 it shows him typing and clicking every few seconds all through the night . 
 uh ... there 's one more thing , and you 're not gon na like it . '' 
 `` i ca n't wait . '' 
 `` known acquaintances : pierre dupont , jean claude dupont , and jacques bousquet . '' 
 `` jacques bousquet ? 
 the former president of france ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` who are the other two ? '' 
 `` jean claude dupont is the ambassador of france to the u.s. , and the third guy is ... whoa . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` let me read this a second , '' he says , and the phone goes quiet . 
 after a moment , he says , `` pierre dupont is ... was , the son of jean claude dupont up until eleven weeks ago when he was slain in darfur , africa . 
 apparently , weeks into his first physicians worldwide mission , he was killed . 
 he was one of the eight doctors slain there ... it was all over the news . '' 
 it all clicks for bradshaw , and he says , `` the janjuweed . '' 
 konrad , surprised that bradshaw knew the name of the tribe , says , `` yeah , that 's right ... the tribe responsible for the doctors ' murder was the janjuweed . '' 
 the same day . 
 tiger island . 
 a helicopter is hovering over a clearing on tiger island . 
 it 's lowering the cage containing the female bengal tiger and her two cubs . 
 the cats are fully alert and very nervous . 
 jay , one of the trackers , is on top of the cage , holding onto the cable , with a fresh deer carcass at his feet . 
 as they descend , jay holds onto the cable with one hand and tries to center the deer on the cage with his other . 
 the mother puts her nose in the air to smell the deer , while the cubs nervously pace the cage as they look out over the vast forest . 
 when the cage gently touches the forest floor , the cubs look out at their new home . 
 the mother knows something is about to happen , and she prepares to do battle with whatever comes . 
 jay , still on top , pushes the deer off the cage and onto the ground . 
 he says , in his thick australian accent , `` the first deer 's free , mates . '' 
 he then unlatches the door to the cage , but does n't open it , and quickly shimmies up the cable . 
 the impatient mother wastes no time , and uses her forehead to nudge the door open . 
 she quickly trots out of the cage , as her cubs follow . 
 she looks up at jay , licking her lips . 
 he nervously says into his radio , `` take me up , boys , '' climbing a little higher up the cable , just in case the tiger 's angry enough to jump onto the cage and lunge . 
 the co-pilot above him pushes a button , reeling jay and the cage back up to the helicopter . 
 jay 's been thinking about possible names for these new arrivals . 
 each tracker is required to submit daily reports to the island 's scientists . 
 in order to identify the cats , the trackers must name the cats in their jurisdiction . 
 as he 's ascending to the helicopter , hanging precariously onto the cable , he looks down and yells to the tigers , `` i 've given this a lot of thought ! '' 
 they look up at him , as he yells , `` olivia ! 
 bee gee ! 
 and nicole ! 
 hope you 're okay with that ! '' 
 the tigers stare up at him . 
 he begins to feel the ocean breeze as he clears the canopy of trees . 
 gazing out over the ocean , he ca n't believe his good fortune . 
 thousands of men applied for this job . 
 when he finally reaches the chopper and climbs in , the co-pilot laughs at him , saying , `` you do realize that if you fell off , she was going to eat you and then the deer . '' 
 `` no worries , '' he says , smiling . 
 the pilot says , `` olivia newton john and the bee gees right ? 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 `` who 's nicole then ? '' 
 jay exclaims , `` kidman , of course ! 
 a real looker , that one . '' 
 they all laugh . 
 the mother tiger looks around at this strange new place . 
 she puts her nose up and sniffs for a scent that might indicate danger . 
 seeing that she 's nervous , her cubs watch her carefully . 
 she looks around and moves her ears , listening . 
 eventually , she walks over to the deer and starts to sniff it . 
 she takes one more look around , wondering what 's out there , but sees nothing and hears only birds . 
 extremely hungry , she begins to lick the deer 's belly , preparing to open it up . 
 the male cub , bee gee , sees his mother begin to relax and lower her guard . 
 full of extra energy after being drugged all day , bee gee quickly spins around for a surprise attack on his sister . 
 but it 's too late . 
 nicole tackles him to the ground for a wrestling match . 
 meanwhile . 
 the military lab in utah . 
 a plane touches down on the military landing strip above the utah laboratory . 
 colonel steven bradshaw and robert stanton , chief of u.s. science and technology directorate , exit the plane with several bodyguards . 
 they 're quickly ushered into the facility and descend to the laboratory . 
 when the elevator doors open to the main lab , chief ed reed is there waiting . 
 he quickly brings them back to his office . 
 once in the office , robert asks , `` what 's he done ? '' 
 ed shakes his head and says , `` he 's cracked some kind of ... genetic code that separates humans , even animals , from one another . '' 
 `` animals ? '' 
 colonel bradshaw asks . 
 ed says , `` the asian carp mystery in chicago ... '' robert asks , `` hutchins did that ? '' 
 ed nods , `` i 'm sure of it . 
 and i 'm just as certain that he 's responsible for the janjuweed virus in darfur . '' 
 colonel bradshaw and robert remain silent , as they ponder the government 's involvement , or perception of involvement , in all this , by the world at large . 
 robert looks at ed and says , `` start from the beginning . '' 
 ed replies , `` he seems to have found some genetic code that 's specific to certain sub-species of animals and humans . 
 something , maybe a cell or dna strand within the anatomy , which separates different animals or humans from one another . 
 from that , he 's able to create a virus that 's discriminatory based on dna and affects only that particular sub-species or type of animal or human . 
 from there , he can specify further and target the virus to a particular gender of that sub-species by zeroing in on xx -lrb- female -rrb- or xy -lrb- male -rrb- chromosomes . 
 he may be able to target the virus even further than that and direct it only to adult males of that particular sub-species by having it attach to higher levels of testosterone , for example ... i am only speculating , of course . '' 
 robert and ed are silent for a moment , taking it all in . 
 finally , robert says , `` well ... that would explain why the darfur virus only seems to be afflicting the tribe 's adult males . '' 
 ed says , `` exactly . '' 
 bradshaw asks , `` how do you think he got the virus to darfur ? '' 
 ed says , `` he must have given it to a soldier who was deployed there . '' 
 growing red with anger , bradshaw says , `` you let this kid walk into this facility and start conducting his own experiments ? '' 
 ed replies , `` he 's only been here eight weeks . 
 he obviously conducted much of this experimentation on his own , prior to coming here . '' 
 robert says , `` nevertheless , this facility is going to be held accountable . '' 
 ed looks at robert and says angrily , `` you vetted this guy , robert . 
 did n't you know who you were recommending ? 
 aghast , robert responds , `` are you kidding me ? 
 i warned you about him . '' 
 `` how 's that ? '' 
 `` i sent you this email , '' he says , reaching into his pocket and handing ed a piece of paper . 
 ed reads the email , which states , ` warning : you have a new recruit there , timothy bradley hutchins . 
 he 's highly intelligent , and i want him supervised at all times . 
 report any suspicious behavior immediately . 
 robert stanton , chief of science and technology directorate . ' 
 ed looks at the date it was sent and says , `` wait a minute ... i never got this . '' 
 colonel bradshaw says , `` let me see that , '' as he takes the paper from ed and reads it . 
 he looks at robert and asks , `` you got him in here ? '' 
 robert answers , `` he 's extremely smart and i thought he would be a good fit for the lab . '' 
 he then looks at ed and says , `` that did n't mean you guys should give him free reign to do whatever he wanted . 
 i gave you a warning , it was up to you to monitor him . 
 maybe your security measures are n't up to par ? '' 
 `` well , i never saw your warning . 
 but i 'll show you what i did see . '' 
 ed gets up and walks to his desk . 
 he pulls out a folder full of paperwork , `` this is the background file i was sent when hutchins came to our lab . 
 these were his test scores during the standard interview process . 
 aptitude , average . 
 iq , average . 
 problem solving , average . 
 average across the board . 
 what is this crap ? '' 
 ed looks at both of them , waiting for an answer . 
 `` earlier today , i did some digging on him and i found this . '' 
 ed then picks up a transparency from his desk , turns on an overhead projector , and puts it on the glass . 
 the screen shows a detailed and complex engineering blueprint , with several data calculations and formulas . '' 
 he lets them ponder the image for a moment and then says , `` this schematic showed up on the internet five and a half years ago . 
 it 's an electromotive recapturing unit for the braking system on a locomotive . 
 you know ... a train . '' 
 he pauses , then says , `` it recaptures lost power and reuses it . 
 this was energy that was untapped until this technology was developed . 
 it took scientists a year and a half to unravel the theory and prove that it works . 
 when they determined its feasibility , they called the man who posted it to purchase the patent rights . 
 his response was ... wait a second , let me find it . '' 
 ed looks through his folder , picks up another piece of paper , and says , `` here it is ... his response was , and i quote , ` i 'll have to talk to my mom . '' ' 
 ed takes the transparency off the projector and holds it up . 
 he says , `` guess who whipped this blueprint up , probably on a weekend during some down time ? 
 hutchins . 
 at age fifteen . 
 this kid 's specialty is anatomy and biology , and yet , he slapped that together just for the fun of it . 
 if he can do that for a locomotive , imagine what he can do for the human body . '' 
 the room is silent . 
 the colonel and robert look at each other wearily . 
 ed continues , `` i also found this , which is even more pertinent . 
 in his freshman year of high school , he published an eight hundred page thesis about human building blocks , stating that there are nearly twelve hundred different sub-strands of dna , and every species of animal on earth has specific codes separating their dna imprint . '' 
 robert asks , `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it appears he found a way to separate the janjuweed tribe from the misseriya tribe and rizeigat tribe , and the asian carp from the perch and bass . '' 
 not knowing what to say , robert picks up the folder and starts reviewing timothy 's test scores from the military entrance exam . 
 he sees ` average ' across the board . 
 after a moment , he says matter-of-factly , `` we 've been duped . 
 he 's been playing us like a fiddle . '' 
 he tosses the papers onto the desk . 
 colonel bradshaw looks at ed , then robert , and says `` i 'm going to ask a question , and it better not leave this room . '' 
 he then asks , `` do you think he developed something for the russians ? '' 
 surprised , robert asks , `` russians ? 
 what makes you ask that ? '' 
 colonel bradshaw responds , `` i ask that because he just flew to russia . 
 one of his only friends was killed by the janjuweed and it looks like he figured out a way to punish them . 
 the russians have invaded georgia and are running people over with tanks . 
 so let me ask again . 
 do you think he developed something to target the russians ? '' 
 after a pause , robert says , `` it seems unlikely ... but i suppose it 's possible . 
 i know there are dna tests for genealogy and ethnicity . 
 the tests break down a person 's genome at specific locations . 
 from that , they 're able to track a person 's ethnicity . 
 i do n't know that much about it , but they 've made great strides in this area in the last ten years . '' 
 colonel bradshaw looks at ed and asks , `` what do you think ? '' 
 ed thinks for a moment , then says , `` i would n't want to be russian right now . '' 
 three days later . 
 media coverage of a breaking story . 
 `` this is tammy pearson with wbc news . 
 in a surprise move , the chinese government has agreed to give up their tigers to the coalition forces . 
 ground troops , or as the coalition calls them ` trackers , ' who were stationed in thailand , have already begun crossing the border into china to access the tigers . 
 air support for the trackers has entered chinese airspace without incident and are being escorted by chinese military jets to landing strips near the tigers ' territories . 
 the coalition has promised to complete their mission in an expeditious manner and has issued a public statement to the government of china . '' 
 she looks down at a paper and seems surprised . 
 she turns the paper over to see if anything is written on the other side , then looks at her producer and asks `` this is it ? '' 
 she gets confirmation and says , `` okay , this is the coalition 's formal statement to china : thank you . 
 well , that was short and sweet . 
 i 'm sure the coalition is eager to advance their mission now that they have access to this new territory . 
 we 'll keep you posted on any updates . '' 
 she then says , `` on a side note , caution : tiger , will be among the warning signs written in twenty-seven languages and displayed on buoys around tiger island . 
 so if your boat is sinking and you see this sign , you may want to swim to the next nearest island . '' 
 smiling broadly , she signs out , `` tammy pearson , wbc news . '' 
 meanwhile , tiger island . 
 an adult bengal tiger and her cub are walking through the forest , exploring their new territory . 
 the cub has a severe laceration across its side and is hobbling , trying to keep up with its mother . 
 it has lost a lot of blood , and the mother is starting to think it may not survive the night . 
 as they walk , the cub is growing weaker and trailing further behind . 
 all of a sudden , a trapdoor opens from the forest floor . 
 two large , gloved hands reach out and , before the mother knows what 's happening , grab the cub . 
 they quickly pull the cub down below and close the door , as the cub cries out for help . 
 the mother promptly turns around , hearing her cub 's distress cry , and sees the trapdoor slam shut . 
 the mother scurries back and frantically paws at the trapdoor . 
 she sniffs the door and repeatedly paces around it , wondering what just happened . 
 she then leaps up and pounces on the trapdoor , letting out a low , guttural growl . 
 the next day . 
 rustavi , georgia . 
 chase jordan begins a live broadcast from georgia . 
 he says , `` good evening . 
 chase jordan , wbc news , live in rustavi , georgia , with a breaking new development . 
 i 've just received a video from an anonymous source that was addressed directly to me . 
 we 're about to show you that video , and i will warn you , it is graphic . 
 i have no knowledge of who the young man is in the video , and i have no recollection of ever meeting him . 
 i 've notified our government about this video and have handed it over to them for analysis . 
 we 've decided to play it for you now in its entirety . 
 again , there is a graphic scene , so if you have children in the room , you 'll want to ask them to leave for a moment . '' 
 the video begins to play . 
 it shows timothy inside a tent , with the sound of explosions and gunfire in the background . 
 the inside of the tent is dimly lit and shakes with each explosion . 
 the video camera is on a tripod that also rocks from the explosions . 
 the tent is obviously close to a heavy combat zone . 
 timothy takes a deep breath , stares into the camera , and says , `` you 'll soon find out who i am and what i can do . 
 i 'm near rustavi , georgia now . 
 i know that most of the russian people are good people , and it 's only a small minority who are inflicting this pain on the georgian people . 
 so i need the good russian citizens to stand up and stop this needless killing of innocent people . 
 if the majority of you can not persuade the minority to stop this invasion , you 'll be held accountable as though you were guilty yourselves . '' 
 timothy holds up a vial , then continues , `` please do not question what this can do . 
 the janjuweed are learning that right now . 
 they did not get a warning , but you are . 
 i 'm going to give this vial to someone i can trust . 
 this person will use the vial ... if needed . 
 this will be determined by the actions of the good people of russia . '' 
 just then , someone 's hand reaches into view of the camera and timothy hands the vial over . 
 timothy then changes his tone and speaks in a somber voice , saying , `` i 'd like to say that i 'm sorry for what i 've done . 
 i know it was wrong . 
 pierre , my friend ... if you 're looking down , forgive me . 
 i know you would n't have condoned this . 
 but ... i just could n't stand back and watch bullies prey upon the weak any longer . '' 
 he pauses , then says , `` however , i ca n't allow myself to become the very thing i 've fought against . '' 
 he slowly pulls out a pistol from his coat pocket . 
 staring directly into the camera , he places the pistol at the side of his head . 
 he says , `` i 'm sorry , '' and squeezes the trigger . 
 a loud pop resounds through the tent , as blood splatters from the side of his head and he drops to the floor . 
 the video stops and a pale chase jordan comes back on the screen . 
 he says , `` i do n't know who that gentleman was or why he chose to give me this video . 
 nor do i know what his connection was to the janjuweed outbreak . 
 but we 'll certainly try to find out these answers , and more . 
 until then , this is chase jordan , wbc news . '' 
 eight hours later , the white house . 
 president shepherd and his cabinet members are in the white house briefing room watching the news coverage of timothy 's suicide . 
 when colonel bradshaw enters the room , they stop watching and give him their full attention . 
 before bradshaw can get a word out , one of the cabinet members asks , `` do n't tell me that kid worked for us ? '' 
 another asks , `` who gave the utah lab permission to conduct these kinds of experiments with viruses ? '' 
 bradshaw answers calmly , `` yes , timothy bradley hutchins was a full-time employee of our utah facility . '' 
 he looks around the room , then says , `` hello , mr. president ... as i was saying , hutchins did work for us . 
 however , the utah lab had no knowledge of his experiments . 
 he acted on his own . 
 the russians , unfortunately ... are n't likely to believe that . '' 
 president shepherd asks , `` what exactly did he discover ? '' 
 bradshaw says , `` the utah lab is still trying to unravel all this , but they believe that he has discovered some type of genetic code that separates one species or ethnicity from another . 
 this enables him to exclusively target that dna with a virus . 
 apparently , he can even target the male gender of certain groups by directing the virus to the y chromosome , and also target the age of the males , by directing it to high testosterone levels . 
 this would explain why the virus is only affecting the adult male janjuweed in darfur . '' 
 one of the cabinet members says , `` my god ... he did all that in the lab and then released it into the population in darfur ... without performing any field tests ? '' 
 bradshaw responds , `` he did run a field test ... the asian carp in chicago . '' 
 there 's a gasp in the room . 
 someone calls out , `` he did that too ? '' 
 bradshaw says , `` we have him arriving and departing from midway airport in south chicago three days before the carp story broke . '' 
 another member says angrily , `` this lunatic was allowed to experiment on whatever he wanted , without any checks and balances . 
 who the hell 's in charge of that facility ? '' 
 bradshaw answers , `` the utah lab was oblivious to hutchins experiments . 
 he was very discrete and extremely efficient . 
 they were unaware who they had in their midst . '' 
 president shepherd asks , `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 `` one of hutchins ' professors referred to him as a ` one percenter . ' 
 implying that of the very best scientists , this kid was in the top one percent . 
 at a minimum , he was a genius who made a discovery that no scientist had found before , and he likely made other discoveries as well . 
 we know that he conducted cancer research while he was a medical student at mountain state university in colorado . '' 
 president shepherd interjects , `` is n't that where i went to see jacques and sophie ? '' 
 `` it is . 
 hutchins was the one who created the experimental drug given to mrs. bousquet , sir . '' 
 the president says , `` that kid was busy . '' 
 `` he was ... and talented , '' bradshaw says . 
 `` but he got us into a real mess with this virus . 
 the russians will believe that our government planned this from the start , and that we 're using hutchins as a scapegoat . '' 
 president shepherd says , `` the russians could consider this a declaration of war . '' 
 the room goes quiet , as they all ponder the ramifications . 
 the president looks out the window , considering the ripple effect this will have across the globe . 
 shaking his head , he wonders how a lab could be so reckless and what his first move should be . 
 the room is so quiet you can hear a pin drop . 
 the tense silence is broken by a sudden , muddled whisper from the corner of the room , `` he found it . '' 
 everyone turns to face the young african american woman who spoke . 
 she is the president 's intern who sits in on all meetings to record the dialogue for the archives . 
 she looks down , realizing she spoke too loudly and everyone 's now staring at her . 
 she says , `` i 'm sorry , mr. president . '' 
 knowing she rarely speaks during meetings , president shepherd asks , `` is there something you 'd like to say , tanya ? '' 
 the cabinet members are surprised he 's giving her the floor at such a critical moment . 
 tanya , even more surprised , lifts her eyes up from her laptop and sees the cabinet members glaring at her . 
 she hesitates for a moment , then says , `` hutchins found it . 
 i can read it to you . '' 
 she begins to search the internet . 
 the members look at each other , wondering why they 're waiting for this girl 's input at all , and one asks impatiently , `` is this going to take long ? '' 
 as she types , tanya says , `` just a moment . 
 i 've almost got it . '' 
 after a slight pause , she says , `` here it is . 
 has anyone heard of the orowitz theory ? '' 
 she looks around the room expectantly , but no one replies . 
 `` it 's not very well known . 
 it was published in the late nineteen-forties by a czech philosopher . '' 
 taking the room 's silence to be a go ahead , she continues , `` let me summarize it . 
 this theory is not only scientific , but philosophical . 
 it talks about the world one day being changed , possibly even controlled , by a scientist who will discover the ability to genetically separate every living creature on the planet . 
 the theory says that the world lies in this future scientist 's hands . 
 he or she will discover the key to all living creatures ' genetic code . 
 he will specifically discover the technology or code that somehow separates one sub-species or ethnicity from another . 
 this scientist , who `` unlocks the code , '' so to speak , will thereby control the world . 
 this scientist may be good , or ... may be evil . 
 in the wrong hands , this new technology could put the world in grave danger . 
 in the right hands , this new technology could enhance the world and bring about an unimaginable amount of good . 
 by cracking the code that separates living things from one another , this scientist will possess tremendous power . 
 it ends with an example : whether you 're a bald eagle or a bear , or you 're french or japanese , this man holds your fate in his hands . '' 
 tanya looks back up at the cabinet members , who just seconds ago were impatient and disinterested , but are now hanging on her every word . 
 she says , `` let me rephrase the last sentence ... whether you 're a bald eagle , a bear , or an asian carp ... or you are french , japanese , or janjuweed , this man holds your fate in his hands . '' 
 the members are flabbergasted , as a hush falls over the room . 
 one of them says , `` so maybe it 's better that hutchins killed himself . 
 someone with that much knowledge may be too dangerous . '' 
 tanya says , `` on the contrary . 
 the theory goes on to say that the science will eventually be found ; it may be fifty years or it may be five hundred . 
 if a good-hearted person finds it , he could develop a vaccine to protect everyone on the planet . 
 if a dark heart finds it before him , the world could become a mass grave . 
 mr. hutchins was wrong for what he did , but i think his heart was in the right place . 
 if al-qaeda or another terrorist group were to discover this technology , we 'd need a scientist like mr. hutchins to protect us . '' 
 the next day . 
 rustavi , georgia . 
 `` this is wbc news ' ty miskimen coming to you live from rustavi , georgia , with a breaking story . 
 we 've now identified the man who committed suicide in the video that was sent to chase jordan , and we 've received permission to disclose his name . 
 the man was timothy hutchins . 
 he 's from silverton , colorado . 
 we 're still trying to get more information on him . 
 we do know that he worked for the united states ' government up until his suicide . 
 information is coming in slowly due to the security clearance necessary to obtain information about this . 
 president shepherd 's press secretary will be giving a briefing thursday morning at nine a.m. eastern time , and the president himself will address the nation later that night . 
 hopefully , they 'll fill in the broad strokes of what the government knew about all this and when they knew it . 
 we 've been unable to reach timothy hutchins 's family for comment . 
 this is ty miskimen , wbc news . 
 now , back to the studio . '' 
 meanwhile . 
 moscow , russia . 
 russia 's president , three military leaders , and several top scientists are gathered for an emergency meeting . 
 one of the russian leaders asks , `` can this be done ? 
 can the americans create a virus that kills only russians and not georgians . '' 
 a scientist says , `` no ... it is not biologically possible . 
 the russian president , nikolai kirillov , asks , `` how could they have done it with the janjuweed ? '' 
 the scientists stare at each other , unable to explain . 
 one says , `` they can not create a virus that affects only russians . 
 there is no difference between russians and georgians . '' 
 an old military general slaps his hand on the desk and says , `` thirty years ago , i could have shot you for saying that ! '' 
 the shocked scientist nervously tries to explain what he meant and says in a panicked voice , `` i 'm merely stating ... there 's no anatomical or biological ... difference between a russian and a georgian . 
 one of the other scientists says , `` three weeks ago , i would n't have believed they could target only the janjuweed with a virus . 
 but ... i 'm starting to rethink everything i once thought impossible . '' 
 the same day . 
 berlin , germany . 
 a news anchor begins a live broadcast , `` good afternoon , i 'm pamela stevens , wbc news , reporting live from berlin , germany , just outside the gates of the bellevue palace . 
 in a surprising move , the president of germany , franz bauer , has threatened to withdraw germany 's membership from the united nations if the united states is not held accountable for their actions in the timothy hutchins incident . 
 president bauer was quoted as saying , ` every country should be very worried right now . 
 the united states has obviously been experimenting with biological weapons that should have no place in civilized society . 
 a u.s. scientist has already taken matters into his own hands . 
 how many other u.s. scientists know the technology behind this breakthrough and what is stopping them using it to advance their own agenda ? 
 how can they prevent others from trying to solve the world 's problems by unleashing a virus like this ? '' 
 pamela continues her report , `` besides president bauer , there has been more backlash from other countries around the world , all condemning the u.s. for conducting these viral experiments . 
 we 'll bring you more on this story as it develops . 
 until then , this is pamela stevens , wbc news . '' 
 meanwhile , tiger island . 
 the world-class medical clinic on tiger island is bustling after the arrival of its first patient , the bengal tiger cub pulled through the trap door . 
 two doctors sew up the cub 's laceration with dissolving stitches and give her a shot of penicillin . 
 the doctors are wearing beekeeper suits with big-screened hoods , which they 're required to wear so that the tigers wo n't get used to seeing humans . 
 one of the doctors takes the blood soaked gauze pads and inserts them into an airtight medical bag . 
 after receiving the stitches , the cub is surprisingly playful and energetic . 
 the doctor lifts her off the table and puts her on the floor for some playtime . 
 as she begins to slink across the floor , the doctor says through his screened hood , `` you are one cute little cat . '' 
 this gets the cub 's attention . 
 she tilts her head and stares at the hood , realizing that 's where the sound came from . 
 the cub gets down into a crouch position , and the doctor knows what this means . 
 he starts to back up from the cub , which incites the cub 's instinctive behavior to pursue , so she follows him . 
 the doctor starts backing up faster , as the cub picks up her pace . 
 the doctor 's colleague yells out , `` stop backing up . '' 
 he nervously responds , `` grab her . '' 
 as he continues to retreat , he shouts again , `` would you grab her already ? '' 
 his colleague just shakes his head , wondering how this started . 
 just then , the cub lunges onto the doctor 's pant leg and starts climbing . 
 the doctor lets out a shriek , trying to stop the cub from climbing any higher . 
 his colleague blurts out , `` you 're just making it worse ! '' 
 the doctor dances around , trying to shake the cub off , as her tiny claws dig into his thigh . 
 he shrieks again , knowing she has just pierced his skin . 
 he frantically lurches backwards , crashing into a freestanding table and toppling over it , sending medical supplies falling to the floor . 
 he lands on his back with the cub on his chest . 
 she pushes her face against the screened hood , trying to see what 's inside making noise . 
 shaking his head , the other doctor looks up at the second story observatory , knowing there are other scientists behind the glass watching the fiasco . 
 he shrugs , lifting up the bloodied gauze bag to show them that the priceless blood sample has been secured . 
 later that day . 
 silverton , colorado . 
 `` this is garret dalton for wbc news , live in silverton , colorado . 
 we are here in front of the hutchins ' family residence hoping to get a comment from them about their son . 
 as you can see behind me , dozens of news vehicles have lined this small street . 
 there has been no sighting of timothy hutchins ' parents yet , but we hope they 'll make a statement soon . 
 now , back to todd in the studio . '' 
 `` thank you , garret . 
 this is todd mcmillon , coming to you from the wbc studios in new york city . 
 there was breaking news out of russia today . 
 in light of recent developments , russian president nikolai kirillov has cancelled his country 's hosting of the united nations emergency session , which had been set to discuss the russian/georgian conflict . 
 president kirillov has not provided any explanation at this time for his cancelling of the un session . 
 we 'll keep you informed of any updates as they become available . '' 
 meanwhile . 
 darfur , africa . 
 a news reporter begins a live broadcast from darfur , `` this is carolyn croft , wbc news , reporting from darfur , africa , where the janjuweed virus is spreading at an alarming rate . 
 it has now spread thirty miles from ground zero , in all directions , and the death count has risen dramatically . 
 now that the doctors know that the virus is only affecting the janjuweed adult males , they 're trying to contain the virus by separating the healthy janjuweed from the sick . 
 they 're hoping that isolating the infected patients will eventually cause the virus to extinguish itself for lack of a host . 
 non-infected adult males are being put on buses and sent to remote areas of darfur . 
 to be allowed on the bus , the men must not have a fever ; any sign of a temperature and they are taken to a different location . 
 where that is , they are n't saying . 
 we 'll continue to monitor this crisis in darfur and bring you updates shortly . 
 this is carolyn croft , wbc news . 
 now , back to the studio . '' 
 meanwhile , back on tiger island . 
 a female tiger emerges from the woods and walks onto the sandy beach . 
 taking a break from her search , she gazes out at the ocean , still becoming acquainted with her new environment . 
 first she looks left down the beach , then right . 
 she contemplates heading back into the woods to continue her search , or choosing another direction down the beach . 
 she chooses the beach and heads towards the water , already learning it 's easier to walk on this foreign surface near the water 's edge , where it 's not only firmer , but also cooler on her paws . 
 when she reaches the water 's edge , she stops and surveys the vast ocean . 
 lifting her head up high , she lets the breeze run over her face . 
 a moment later , she begins to hear a faint humming sound and she quickly goes into high alert . 
 her ears focus in the direction from which the sound is coming . 
 she looks up and sees what looks to her like a strange bird . 
 it 's very high and still a good distance away . 
 instead of fleeing , she decides to let her curiosity take over and watch the bird approach ; but she 's ready to dart towards the safety of the trees , if needed . 
 believing no creature could attack from that distance , she waits , eyeing it intently as it slowly positions itself above her . 
 she enjoys the downdraft of the bird 's wings as it hovers directly above her . 
 she suddenly sees movement at the belly of the bird , which alarms her . 
 she sees something descending towards her and decides that she 'll make her break once she determines what it is . 
 then ... she hears it . 
 the sound she feared she would never hear again . 
 she looks up with anticipation , growling . 
 she hears the sound again , and this time , there 's no mistaking it . 
 she stares up , nervously pacing , as her cub slowly descends towards her . 
 when the cub is just above , she gently paws her mother 's mouth on the way down to the sand . 
 the helicopter co-pilot sees the cub touch down , flicks a switch releasing it from the harness , and zips away . 
 the mother excitedly licks her cub , as the cub rubs its neck against her front leg . 
 realizing her good fortune , the mother looks up to find the bird , but it 's gone . 
 suddenly , she sees something coming which she has yet to teach her cub about . 
 but ... it 's too late . 
 a wave crashes into them , sending the cub tumbling . 
 the wave quickly retreats and the cub emerges , with a look of shock on her face . 
 completely soaked , it shakes its coat and lets out a screeching whine of disapproval . 
 another wave washes in , and the cub backs up into a crouch position . 
 as the wave recedes , the cub springs towards it , trying to chase it back to where it came from . 
 but then , the next wave topples over and again washes her towards her mother . 
 the cub rights herself and starts to chase that wave down , when something shiny captures her attention . 
 she paws at it , holding it down , until the wave recedes . 
 she curiously studies the small fish flopping under her paw . 
 when the next wave approaches , she makes a quick decision . 
 she grabs the fish in her mouth and races up to her mother . 
 the mother beams with pride , as her cub brings in her first kill . 
 chapter nine the next day . 
 salt lake city , utah . 
 two soldiers dressed in army fatigues are guarding maggie in an interrogation room , as two agents observe her through a two-way glass window . 
 a u.s. special agent , dorothy young , enters the room with a clipboard in her hand and says , `` maggie hall , you are a member of the united states ' military and you can request a judge advocate general to be present during this interrogation if you so desire . 
 would you like a jag officer present ? '' 
 maggie slowly lifts her head to address the officer . 
 she 's no longer the same confident girl who leaned in for her first kiss with timothy . 
 not even close . 
 she looks completely defeated , her eyes red and swollen from crying . 
 she has n't been able to sleep for the past few days , consumed with thoughts about timothy 's suicide and what could have been . 
 she gently shakes her head from side to side , declining any legal representation . 
 agent young walks over to a television monitor and presses play . 
 it shows maggie and timothy kissing . 
 the agent looks at maggie and asks , `` is that you ? '' 
 as maggie watches the footage , she 's taken back to the best night of her life . 
 she does n't respond . 
 she just watches the video , recalling every word that was said verbatim . 
 agent young presses pause , `` did you have any knowledge of timothy 's experiments ? '' 
 maggie wipes her eyes and says in a shaky voice , `` he and i never once spoke about our lab work . '' 
 agent young sits down , reading over maggie 's file , and says , `` valedictorian of your high school , top of your class at princeton ... your transcripts are very impressive . 
 you could have gone to work anywhere . 
 a girl with your intellect usually does n't choose the military . 
 the same can be said of mr. hutchins . 
 you can understand why we find it odd that two highly intelligent scientists , who could be making six figures somewhere else , joined the military and somehow ended up in the same lab ... '' maggie remains silent . 
 agent young flips a page in the file and continues , `` during your senior year at princeton , you were being heavily recruited by pharmaceutical companies and research labs around the world . '' 
 she closes the folder and says , `` so let me ask you , maggie ... why the military ? '' 
 maggie wipes her eyes and says hesitantly , `` my dad was killed in desert storm in 1991 . 
 i joined the military to honor him . '' 
 `` you were close with your dad ? '' 
 `` he was killed two days before i was born ... growing up , my mom made sure i knew that he was the finest man she 'd ever met . '' 
 agent young opens the folder and reads through some documents . 
 she sees that maggie 's father was killed from a roadside bomb explosion . 
 she ponders the integrity of a girl who would give up a chance at a lavish lifestyle to honor a father she never met . 
 agent young looks through the two-way glass at her colleagues and knows they 're expecting her to crank it up a notch . 
 she changes her tone and says forcefully , `` so you 're asking us to believe that you and mr. hutchins , two completely overqualified recruits , ended up in the same laboratory , and ... according to this video , were engaged in an intimate relationship ... and you never once spoke about lab work ? 
 that 's the story you want me to take back to my superiors ? '' 
 maggie sniffles and says , `` that 's correct ... i have nothing to hide . '' 
 agent young walks around the desk and says , `` they 're not gon na buy it maggie . 
 i 've got some experience in hearings similar to this . 
 if this goes before a military court , at a minimum , you 'll be court-martialed . 
 i think you know the ramifications of that . 
 not just the shame involved , but the difficulty of finding an employer who would look past it and hire you . 
 i 'll be honest maggie ... this situation is growing more volatile by the day . 
 if you 're convicted , a court-martial will be the least of your worries . 
 there 's a chance you could be locked away for life . '' 
 thinking this will rattle maggie , she walks behind her , looks through the glass , and nods at her colleagues . 
 maggie just stares at the monitor , paused on the kiss . 
 she thinks back to the first few nights after that kiss when she dreamed of a life she thought she 'd never have . 
 her heart sinks thinking about the life that is now before her . 
 she says , `` the junior high school dance ... no one asked me to go . 
 the high school kiss ... it never happened . 
 college spring break in florida ... i was n't invited . '' 
 maggie wipes her eyes with a tissue , `` they started calling me smarty pants in grade school and the teasing never stopped all the way through high school . 
 i 've been called a geek , a bookworm , a dork ... '' she pauses , then says , `` but never ... radiant . '' 
 she thinks about that moment and how long ago that seems . 
 `` now , i 'll begin my descent back to mediocrity , where no one will care . 
 no one will look at me . 
 no one will compliment me . '' 
 maggie looks at agent young and says somberly , `` you can court-martial me . 
 you can throw me in the brigs for the rest of my life . 
 you can stand me in front of the firing squad . 
 but know this . 
 i would n't care ... because for a moment in time , i mattered ... and no one can take that away from me . '' 
 she looks at the monitor one more time and puts it to memory , then slowly leans her forehead down on the table . 
 agent young looks through the two-way glass at the other agents and shakes her head , knowing there 's no smoking gun here . 
 the same day . 
 washington , d.c. president shepherd is sitting in the oval office when one of his advisors comes in and says , `` sir , russia has just given us the go-ahead for the capture of the siberian tiger . 
 they 've given us clearance to use their airspace and landing strip . '' 
 surprised , president shepherd asks , `` how much did that cost ? '' 
 the advisor says , `` they did n't ask for money . '' 
 president shepherd smiles widely and says , `` i see ... sounds like somebody 's afraid of a certain virus . '' 
 meanwhile , tiger island . 
 several researchers are gathered in the main lab on tiger island . 
 all eyes are focused on an immense monitoring system which illuminates each tiger 's position on the island . 
 grace , one of the scientists , is determining the coordinates for the drop point of the first deer on tiger island . 
 wearing a headset , she communicates to the pilot of a helicopter . 
 she says , `` proceed six hundred meters south by southwest . '' 
 the pilot responds , `` copy that . '' 
 janet , a researcher standing behind grace , comments , `` that 's four kilometers from the tiger . 
 a bit far , is n't it ? '' 
 another colleague , owen , says , `` we do n't want to make it too easy . 
 but i agree , that 's a great distance , and the wind is n't in the cat 's favor . '' 
 grace turns to them and says belligerently , `` this tiger 's not from a zoo . 
 it 's a five-year-old male in his prime who 's done nothing but hone his hunting skills since the day he was born . '' 
 she turns back around and looks at the monitor , then adds , `` there are no free lunches here . 
 no males are getting a free ride on this island . 
 you want dinner ... go find it . '' 
 her colleagues look at each other , smiling . 
 owen thinks to himself , she either hates men or hates tigers . 
 he says jokingly , `` and you 're not married ? '' 
 which sends everyone into laughter . 
 back in the helicopter , the pilot proceeds to grace 's coordinates . 
 he says to the co-pilot , `` i give the deer forty-eight hours . '' 
 the co-pilot pulls a dollar from his shirt pocket and puts it on the instrument panel , saying , `` longer ... you 're underestimating how fast deer are . '' 
 `` the tiger can run fifty miles per hour . '' 
 `` but it has no stamina ... '' grace interrupts , saying over the radio , `` you realize i can hear you . 
 it 's shameful to gamble on the deer 's life . '' 
 the pilot and co-pilot look at each other with concern , and the pilot says , `` sorry about that . '' 
 the co-pilot puts the dollar back in his pocket . 
 the transmission is silent , and he fears a reprimand is coming . 
 he says nervously , `` wo n't happen again , grace . 
 we apologize ... for being insensitive . '' 
 finally , grace transmits back , `` i 'll take the under . '' 
 the pilot laughs and says , `` i 'll front your dollar . '' 
 they all laugh . 
 then the co-pilot says , `` you got us ... now let 's get back to business . 
 confirming position . '' 
 `` confirmed , '' grace says . 
 the co-pilot flicks a switch and the deer , in a full-body harness , begins to descend . 
 the pilot says , `` i would n't want to be that deer . '' 
 `` you 're going to be surprised how fast they are . 
 they may have to change the name of this place to deer island , '' the co-pilot says , smirking . 
 the deer touches down softly on the grassy clearing , as the co-pilot flicks a switch to release its harness . 
 happy to be free , the deer looks around , putting its nose in the air to smell for danger . 
 it detects a foreign scent , but dismisses it , knowing it 's not from a bear or a wolf . 
 the deer hesitantly lowers its head and begins to eat some foliage . 
 the same day . 
 the utah lab . 
 the president 's press secretary , evan schultz , is in an elevator at the utah lab , descending into his worst political nightmare . 
 in preparation for his speech to the nation tomorrow morning , he 's about to be briefed on what the lab knew about timothy 's experiments and when they knew it . 
 he knows this will be one of the most important press conferences the white house has given in recent history . 
 he also knows that no matter what he says , half of the united states and about ninety percent of the world , is not going to believe him . 
 he 's hoping that no one at the lab knew anything about hutchins ' experiments , but he 's preparing for the worst . 
 he 'll have to tell the truth , no matter how bad it is . 
 the entire world , not to mention the russians , will most certainly be listening . 
 the elevator doors open and he steps into the lab . 
 ed reed is there to greet him . 
 they shake hands , as schultz gazes up at the fifty-foot ceilings . 
 his eyes wander over the vast lab , trying to grasp the enormity of the facility he 's heard so much about . 
 he then focuses his attention on the two young scientists standing near ed . 
 they appear to be part of the briefing . 
 in no mood for small talk , schultz asks , `` who are these two ? '' 
 ed says , `` this is chris van horn and samantha grove . 
 they were part of the think tank timothy hutchins was assigned to . 
 other than maggie hall , who 's already being questioned , these two had the most interaction with him . '' 
 schultz asks the two scientists , `` you had no idea what he was working on ? '' 
 they both answer nervously , `` no , sir . '' 
 chris adds , `` he would participate in group meetings , but he really just kept to himself most of the time . '' 
 schultz looks at ed and asks , `` do you think that it 's a good idea to have scientists working by themselves ? '' 
 `` we have ... of course ... implemented many policy changes to make sure this never happens again . '' 
 schultz frowns and shakes his head , wondering what he 's going to say to the american people tomorrow with the entire government looking so incompetent . 
 he says , `` how is it that no one here noticed that he was experimenting with asian carp . '' 
 after a tense silence , samantha says , `` he ate a lot of ... fish . 
 i think to disguise the smell . '' 
 chris closes his eyes and drops his head , not believing she just said that . 
 samantha looks at chris for reassurance , but he slightly shakes his head from side-to-side , trying to prompt her silence . 
 she swallows , looks at schultz , and says , `` when timothy first started working here , we kept smelling fish and ... it went on for days . 
 we thought it was kind of strange . 
 we were about to tell our superior ... but then he started walking around eating tuna from a can . 
 i guess he did that to disguise the smell of the asian carp he was dissecting . '' 
 schultz stares at ed , exasperated , wondering how he 's going to explain this mess . 
 he says to samantha , `` thank you , that 'll be all . '' 
 he then turns to ed , `` let 's continue this in your office . '' 
 as they walk away , chris turns to samantha and says , `` thanks for making us all look like a bunch of morons to the president 's right hand man . '' 
 that evening . 
 a news broadcast in wisconsin . 
 `` good evening , this is amanda spellman , channel four news , live in manitowish , wisconsin . 
 i 'm outside a local sports bar , talking with avid hunter , kent sorrenson . 
 kent , what do you think about your new deer hunting option ? 
 tranquilizer or bullet ? '' 
 kent answers , `` it does n't matter to me . 
 i 'm fine with either way . '' 
 she responds , `` can you elaborate on that ? 
 we are trying to get a feel for how the hunters are reacting to this new policy ? '' 
 kent says , `` i like to track the deer , that 's the exciting part for me . 
 it 's a game between hunter and prey that dates back to the beginning of civilization . 
 the reward for the hunter is to get their prey in the crosshairs and pull the trigger . 
 i do n't care if it 's a tranquilizer dart coming out or a bullet . 
 but ... i think it 's great that they 're making these efforts to save the tigers . 
 we have more deer up here in wisconsin than we know what to do with , and we may as well use them for some higher purpose . 
 so i 'd choose the tranquilizer ... but i have no problem with my buddies who choose the bullet . 
 i 'm thankful we live in a place where we get to choose . 
 i shot a buck yesterday with a tranquilizer gun and he 's scheduled to be released on that tiger island at four this afternoon . 
 i 'm about to go into this sports bar and watch how my buck does on the big screen . '' 
 amanda turns towards the viewers and says , `` for those of you who do n't know , the coalition decided to allow the public to view the tigers ' activities on tiger island . 
 there are cameras situated all over the island to capture the action . 
 allowing the public to take part by watching a daily live stream , will , they hope , promote awareness of the cause and spur charitable donations . '' 
 amanda then turns back to kent and asks , `` so when you use the tranquilizer gun to hunt the deer , you do n't feel deprived by not killing it ? '' 
 `` no , i wo n't miss that part of it . 
 i still get the thrill of the hunt . 
 i 'll tell you what i would miss , though . 
 i 'd miss the tiger when it went extinct thirty years from now . 
 i 'd be ashamed if my grandkids knew i had a chance to help save the tiger , and help cure alzheimer 's , but i did n't do it . 
 i feel a sense of reward knowing right here , right now , i 'm playing a role in an effort to save tigers and at the same time , cure a deadly disease . '' 
 she nods , `` well said . 
 it 's important to remember that this is n't just about saving the tiger , but is a humanitarian effort to cure alzheimer 's . '' 
 amanda continues , `` one final question : what do you think about the antlers of the buck being cut off to prevent the tigers from being gored ? '' 
 kent replies , `` the deer 's advantage is their speed , agility , and especially their stamina . 
 anyone who thinks an antler-less buck is a free meal , is n't familiar with a deer 's speed . 
 they 're gon na have to work the tigers out on treadmills to even the playing field . '' 
 amanda laughs , `` now that 's a funny image . 
 thanks for talking with us , kent , and enlightening us on the deer 's capabilities . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 amanda looks into the camera and says , `` well ... this should be an epic matchup between lightning speed and raw power . 
 nowhere on earth will the battle for life be more evident than on tiger island . 
 the hunters we have spoken to are split down the middle as to their weapon of choice , tranquilizer dart or bullet , but the consensus here in deer country wisconsin is kudos to the government for allowing them the freedom to choose . 
 this is amanda spellman reporting from ... '' she 's interrupted when two hunters pass in front of her , oblivious to the camera . 
 one says to the other , `` ... mountain lions have trouble keeping up with them ... these deer are no free meal . '' 
 when they realize they 're in camera view , they both mutter , `` sorry , '' and scurry past . 
 smiling , amanda concludes , `` reporting from manitowish , wisconsin , outside a packed sports bar where the hunters say : antlers or no antlers , you ca n't kill what you ca n't catch . '' 
 the next morning . 
 the white house . 
 the seats in the briefing room of the white house are filled to capacity with members of the press . 
 president shepherd 's press secretary , evan schultz , is getting ready to address the nation . 
 many other countries across the globe will be receiving the live broadcast , with translators at the ready . 
 the entire world is waiting to hear the first official government statement on this global event . 
 schultz walks to the podium , as camera flashes inundate the room . 
 he looks at the press members seated in front of him and takes a deep breath . 
 then he begins , `` good morning , everyone . 
 i 'm here today to brief the nation , and the world , on the security breach that recently occurred at our military lab in utah by a man named timothy bradley hutchins . 
 we are still in the process of investigating this incident , but we believe that mr. hutchins conducted unauthorized experiments and created some type of new virus , which he may then have transported to other countries . 
 we also believe that mr. hutchins recently committed suicide in the country of georgia , but that is also under investigation . 
 mr. hutchins was a u.s. military scientist . 
 his entire military career , from the moment he walked into the utah military laboratory , to the moment he allegedly fled to russia , was a mere sixty-three days . 
 we believe he had a hidden agenda in mind when he first walked into our boulder , colorado recruiting office , and he followed that plan through . 
 no one in the utah laboratory had any knowledge of his covert plans . 
 we believe that he may have already created part of his experiment before entering the military base and then used our advanced laboratory and state of the art equipment as a vehicle to advance his agenda . 
 he pauses , looks directly into the camera , and says emphatically , `` rest assured ... the united states government had no knowledge of mr. hutchins experiments , nor the intent of those experiments . 
 new safeguards have now been implemented to make sure nothing like this happens again . 
 i will take some questions now . '' 
 reading from a note card , a reporter asks , `` has timothy hutchins discovered a genetic difference between ethnic groups of humans and has he developed the technology to target a specific group with a virus ? '' 
 schultz answers , `` i do n't know . 
 that 's still being investigated . 
 next question . '' 
 another reporter yells out , `` are you familiar with the orowitz theory , and do you think hutchins knew about it ? '' 
 `` we 're familiar with the orowitz theory ... i would n't know if mr. hutchins was . 
 next question , '' schultz answers . 
 another asks , `` do you think mr. hutchins has opened a pandora 's box ? 
 that is , prompting scientists in other countries , such as north korea or iran , to conduct their own search for a virus like the one he created ? '' 
 schultz responds , `` i ca n't comment on what the rest of the world 's scientists are doing . '' 
 one of the reporters shouts , `` will our government 's scientists focus on creating vaccines , in the event that hostile countries are able to find what mr. hutchins found ? '' 
 `` we 're hoping other countries realize how dangerous this technology is and there wo n't be a need for any vaccines , '' schultz replies . 
 then he adds , before there is a chance for another question , `` sorry ... but that 's all the time we have . 
 thank you , everyone . '' 
 he quickly walks from the podium , as the reporters shout out more questions . 
 just before making his exit , he 's confronted by the president 's chief of staff , who asks , `` did n't you forget to mention something ? '' 
 schultz looks at him , confused , and asks , `` what ? '' 
 the chief whispers , `` the smell of canned tuna ? '' 
 and starts laughing . 
 schultz rolls his eyes and walks away . 
 meanwhile . 
 wheaton , illinois . 
 in a biology class at wheaton east middle school , boys and girls are huddled around a television to view the first day of live streaming from tiger island . 
 one of the boys says excitedly , `` this is gon na be good . '' 
 the television screen shows a deer crouched down , eating some foliage , as a bengal tiger crawls silently towards it . 
 the deer lifts its head to listen , but after a moment , begins eating again . 
 the cat , still forty feet away , slowly inches closer . 
 one of the students viewing the footage says with excitement , `` here it comes ! '' 
 the tiger knows this is as close as it will get to the deer and makes its decision . 
 it digs its claws into the dirt , preparing for the burst . 
 it darts towards the deer , and the deer flees , quickly reaching full stride . 
 the chase is on . 
 just as the heart-pounding chase begins to leave camera view , another camera kicks on , showing the two animals running straight towards the viewers . 
 the students watching the screen gasp , as the tiger and deer run past . 
 the tiger closes in , gaining ground , as another camera kicks in from a side angle . 
 watching the tiger and deer sprint through the woods , the students huddle together , feeling a rush of adrenalin . 
 the tiger explodes with one last burst , attempting to use its paw to swipe at the deer 's hind leg . 
 at that moment , the deer suddenly cuts hard left into some thick brush , avoiding the swipe , and the tiger screeches to a halt . 
 the tiger , completely winded and panting , looks at the path the deer took , and determines the chase is over . 
 it lies down to catch its breath . 
 the students ' exuberance overflows . 
 one of the students points to the monitor , showing a still frame of the fastest point in the chase . 
 in the upper right-hand corner of the screen , it says forty-three miles per hour . 
 one of the students shouts , `` no way . '' 
 another shouts , `` that 's fast . 
 i only run about nine ! '' 
 that evening . 
 the white house . 
 president shepherd stands at a podium in the white house , preparing to address the nation in a live , televised speech . 
 looking directly into the camera , he begins , `` i know everyone is on heightened alert after the recent security breach at one of our military laboratories . 
 i have spoken to the russian president , nikolai kirillov , to express my deep regret over the actions of one our misguided scientists , and i would like to apologize to the russian people as well . 
 `` i would also like to send my condolences to the victims in darfur , africa . 
 there 've been many lives lost due to our government 's negligence and our hearts go out to the victims and their families . 
 we hope this virus is contained as quickly as possible . 
 this incident has diminished the faith the rest of the world has in the united states . 
 we will earn your trust back , i assure you of that . 
 `` without question , the united states government had no knowledge of timothy hutchins 's experiments and , if we had , we would have immediately seized his work and court-martialed him . 
 i would also like to assure the people of the united states , and the world , that there will be no further experiments of this nature conducted within the walls of this country . 
 safeguards are being implemented as i speak to ensure that this does n't happen again . 
 i 'm hoping that this technology never again surfaces anywhere in the world . 
 `` i ask for your patience while we continue to investigate this security breach and provide assistance to the countries affected in whatever capacity we can . 
 thank you , and have a good evening . '' 
 that same evening . 
 wbc news broadcast . 
 a wbc news program airs a debate regarding the moral and ethical implications surrounding tiger island 's activities . 
 after an introduction by the news commentator , a proponent of tiger island and a member of green habitat united , peggy filmore , states , `` saving the tiger is way more important than the ethical treatment of the deer . 
 it 's not because of natural selection that the tigers ' numbers have dwindled down to a couple thousand . 
 it 's only man that 's driving them to extinction . 
 poachers have decimated the tiger population for a hundred plus years . 
 before man invented the rifle , the tiger flourished . 
 then we bulldozed our way into their habitat ... their jungles got smaller . 
 the tiger did n't stand a chance . '' 
 sue markus , a member of animal rights international , is against sending deer to tiger island . 
 she replies , `` we are n't saying we should n't save the tiger . 
 we 're only saying that deer should n't be turned loose into a no-win situation . 
 it 's like dropping someone into a pool of sharks and saying , good luck . '' 
 peggy retorts , `` a newly born fawn has a seventy-five percent chance of reaching its second year . 
 a tiger cub has only a thirty percent chance . 
 those numbers do n't lie . 
 it 's only poachers driving those numbers . 
 when they kill a mother tiger , they leave her cubs behind to starve to death . 
 let 's get tigers to the island before the poacher 's kill ’em all , and then we 'll worry about deer 's rights . '' 
 the news commentator says , `` well , you heard it here . 
 green habitat united backs tiger island , animal rights international backs the deer . '' 
 meanwhile , new york city . 
 a network news program holds a televised panel discussion regarding timothy hutchins ' actions , and the moral and ethical issues involved . 
 in the middle of a heated exchange , one of the panel members , kurt ward , cuts in and says sternly , `` i think we can all agree . 
 you ca n't have a military scientist trying to clean up the world 's mess . 
 and you especially ca n't have scientists creating viruses that can wipe out an entire ethnic group of people ... i get that . 
 however , the janjuweed have admitted to murdering hundreds of thousands of innocent people , including women and children . 
 i guess women and children being killed by the thousands is o.k. , as long as we do n't have to see it . '' 
 another guest on the panel says , `` of course something needs to be done ; but you ca n't exact your own brand of punishment on the janjuweed or any other human rights violators for that matter . 
 that 's what the united nations is for . '' 
 kurt responds with contempt , `` the united nations ? 
 you 've got to be kidding me . 
 the united nations has had over fifteen years to put an end to the genocide in darfur . 
 on top of that , the russians marched into georgia back in 2008 and the united nations did n't do anything about it . 
 that 's why russia has marched in there again . 
 there were no repercussions . 
 the united nations ' lack of action is what prompts countries like north korea to brag about a nuclear warhead that can reach new york city . 
 i wonder if the north koreans would abandon their nuclear program in the next few days if mr. hutchins held up a vial labeled north korea . '' 
 one of the panelists shakes her head and says , `` that 's completely out of line , kurt . 
 we do n't need to drag north korea into this . '' 
 that same evening . 
 paris , france . 
 michel , the french squad leader from the night-vision team stationed in india , is back in his apartment in the 7th arrondissement of paris . 
 he was sent home after he captured the tiger , per the one tiger limit per tracker . 
 michel is satisfied , knowing he 's of the select few who has actually gotten one . 
 tonight , michel is staring out his apartment window at the eiffel tower , having just finished preparing a candlelight dinner for his english girlfriend . 
 he checks his watch and sees that it 's 8:59 p.m. . 
 he looks up . 
 just then , the lights on the eiffel tower begin to flash and sparkle , as they do for five minutes every hour on the hour . 
 he hears a knock and walks to the door . 
 he opens it to find his girlfriend standing before him in an elegant black dress . 
 he reaches his arm out , pulls her to him , and kisses her . 
 she practices her french , saying , `` bonsoir , mon amour . '' 
 he smiles , and says , `` good evening , my love . '' 
 leading her over to the television , he says , `` it 's taken all of my will power not to sneak a peek . 
 i wanted to share this moment with you . '' 
 she asks excitedly , `` am i going to see your tiger ? '' 
 `` yes , i received a message . '' 
 he turns on the t.v. to show the live feed from tiger island and uses his remote to enter camera 967 . 
 the screen changes , and he sees his tiger for the first time since that fateful night in india . 
 he was n't sure how much emotion he would feel , but he does now . 
 seeing the cat lying in the grass without a care in the world , validates the promise he made to it . 
 he feels an overwhelming sense of pride and tranquility . 
 his girlfriend asks , `` is that the one ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she looks at him and sees tears starting to form in his eyes . 
 she has rarely seen him show emotion like this and chooses not to embarrass him by bringing attention to it . 
 she says , `` it must have been very exciting for you to hunt and shoot such a dangerous animal . '' 
 staring at the screen , lost in thought , he eventually says , `` it was ... a life changing event . '' 
 he watches his tiger stand up and walk into the forest . 
 after a brief pause , he says , `` i have a confession to make ... i have n't been working on sundays like i told you . '' 
 she worries for a moment , thinking the worst . 
 many thoughts run through her mind , as she hangs on his next words . 
 knowing she 'll be surprised , michel says , `` i 've been going to church ... '' she sighs with relief , then says , `` i 've only heard you talk about god once , and it was n't favorable . 
 you blamed him for taking your father from you . '' 
 michel says , `` i was wrong ... i was wrong about a lot of things . '' 
 he looks back at the screen , mesmerized by the image of his tiger walking through the woods . 
 he then turns to his girlfriend and pulls a small box out of his pocket . 
 looking her in the eyes , he gets down on one knee . 
 her hands slowly cover her mouth , and her eyes immediately fill with tears . 
 the next day . 
 gori , georgia . 
 chase jordan begins a live report with excitement in his voice , `` chase jordan , wbc news , here in gori , georgia with some breaking news . 
 we have no confirmation from the russian government on what i 'm about to say , but it 's evident to all of us here that the russian military is beginning to pull out of georgia . 
 again , we do n't have official confirmation of a withdrawal , but russian soldiers , vehicles , and tanks are leaving georgia and heading north towards russia . 
 by all accounts , a russian exodus is taking place in every city in georgia . 
 if that 's the case , georgians have one man to thank : timothy hutchins . 
 do i condone what he did or how he went about it ? 
 absolutely not . 
 all i 'm saying is , if you 're a georgian and you 're thankful that the russians are withdrawing their troops from your country , you have hutchins to thank for it . 
 i 'll keep you posted on this breaking story . '' 
 the same day . 
 siberia , russia . 
 eight u.s. navy seals , dressed in white snow suits , are trekking single file through the snow at a frantic pace . 
 they are headed up a hill , dodging trees , trying their best to stay on course . 
 dale , the squad leader , radios to a helicopter co-pilot , `` you better hurry ! '' 
 the co-pilot responds , `` eta ... four minutes . '' 
 the seals are tracking some fresh tiger prints , which are followed by several boot prints , probably those of poachers tracking the tiger . 
 dale yells , `` dig deep boys , '' as they continue their vigorous and relentless pace uphill , sweating profusely . 
 the co-pilot radios , `` eta ... two minutes . '' 
 just then , dale sees something in a clearing ahead . 
 stopping abruptly in his tracks , he quickly takes his rifle off his back . 
 the team members behind him follow his cue , not yet knowing what he sees . 
 breathing heavily , as if he just ran the mile in a sprint , dale aims his rifle , inhales one deep breath , and fires . 
 his men run up alongside him , so they can see what happened . 
 when they see a tiger scurrying up the hill , they begin to celebrate . 
 however , they stop abruptly when they see a man farther up on the hill , staring back at them in shock and pulling a dart from his leg . 
 other russian poachers emerge from the cover of the trees and aim their rifles at the navy seals . 
 the seals return the invitation , and point their rifles at the poachers . 
 nothing is said . 
 each man has another lined up in the crosshairs of his scope . 
 a poacher yells out something in russian . 
 one of the seals yells , `` english ! '' 
 the poacher yells back , `` you have only darts ! '' 
 dale responds , `` i can hit you in the eye from here . '' 
 neither side backs down . 
 they begin to hear the faint sound of an engine in the distance . 
 the chopper is still a mile away . 
 dale speaks into his earpiece , `` we have resistance . '' 
 the co-pilot says , `` approaching , '' as he zooms in his camera and sees the standoff up ahead . 
 he grasps the joystick , flicks three switches , and takes aim . 
 he fires a missile . 
 as it shoots through the sky , he says to dale , `` you 'll want to get down . '' 
 dale says , `` what 's that ? '' 
 just then , the seals and the russians hear a high-pitched whistling sound , growing louder and louder . 
 they take their eyes off their riflescopes and see the missile heading their way . 
 they track it as it begins to descend to their exact location . 
 dale nervously whispers , `` crap , '' and yells out , `` hit it ! '' 
 everyone drops face down in the snow , just as the missile hits a massive tree adjacent to them . 
 it explodes on impact , sending bark and branches raining down and intense flames skyward . 
 dale , still lying on his chest , lifts his head to assess the damage . 
 he sees the inferno and feels the welcome heat on his face , shouting , `` yeah ! '' 
 the seals eject themselves off the ground and quickly point their rifles at the russian poachers . 
 the poachers reluctantly get to their feet , wondering if their bullets still give them an edge . 
 the tree burns red hot , crackling loudly , as charred embers fill their nostrils . 
 each poacher sees the doubt in their comrades ' eyes and , one by one , each begins to throw down his rifle . 
 the seals begin to grin . 
 they rarely witness a rocket launch in battle , and especially one as successful as this . 
 they are relieved , knowing the tiger was seconds from being killed by the hunters . 
 the chopper approaches and hovers overhead , bringing a deafening sound and fierce downdraft . 
 the co-pilot radios to dale , `` how was that ? '' 
 dale responds , `` i think you scared the stripes off our tiger . '' 
 as he laughs , he takes his aim off his poacher and peers through his scope in the direction the tiger headed . 
 he scans the terrain , looking for something orange , peering higher and higher up the mountain . 
 laughing to himself , he says , `` he 's probably half-way to china by now . '' 
 the next day . 
 silverton , colorado . 
 scott and brooke hutchins are preparing to be interviewed by wbc news reporter , chase jordan , in their living room . 
 chase has just arrived at the hutchins ' home and is putting on his earpiece , when he says , `` i 'm sorry i 'm late . 
 i just flew in from georgia . 
 i could n't miss doing this interview . 
 i know you 've requested to speak only with me . '' 
 brooke says , `` it 's all right . 
 we understand . '' 
 chase hugs brooke and then scott , saying , `` i 'm very sorry for your loss . 
 i 'm sure the last thing you want to do right now is an interview . 
 i 'm supposed to remain unbiased for the viewers , but that will be difficult for me in this case . 
 i 've spent time in georgia , and in darfur , and i ca n't help but admire your son for his courage and initiative . 
 something had to be done . '' 
 brooke says , `` thank you , mr. jordan . 
 we wanted to give this interview to you . 
 we know our son reached out to you by sending you that video and there must 've been a good reason for it . '' 
 chase asks , `` are you ready ? '' 
 brooke and scott both nod . 
 `` let 's sit down in the living room . '' 
 the cameras begin rolling and chase says , `` this is chase jordan , wbc news . 
 i 'm here in silverton , colorado , with brooke and scott hutchins , the parents of timothy hutchins . 
 first of all , mr. and mrs. hutchins , thank you for speaking with me today and allowing our viewers into your home during what must be a very difficult time for you . '' 
 scott takes brooke 's hand and says , `` you 're welcome . 
 we 'll try to answer what we can ... but we do n't know much , i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` understood . 
 now , the latest news reports indicate that the genocide in darfur , africa has subsided , and the russian military is withdrawing from the country of georgia . 
 what does it feel like to have a son who essentially ended , at least momentarily , two atrocities in the world - one in darfur and the other in georgia - something that the american government and the united nations had been unable to do ? '' 
 brooke answers in a shaky voice , `` well ... we know that timothy went about this the wrong way ... and he paid the ultimate price for that mistake . 
 we just want everyone to know that we send our condolences to anyone who lost loved ones or was hurt in any way by this incident . 
 we believe , '' she pauses to look at scott , then continues , `` if our son had the chance to do it all over again , he would make better decisions . 
 he just had a lapse in judgment ... and acted rashly . '' 
 chase says , `` i 'm sure that 's true . '' 
 he then asks , `` i understand that the government came to search your home ? '' 
 scott replies , `` yes , they were very professional . 
 they took timothy 's old computers and whatever else they thought might pertain to his experiments . '' 
 after a pause , he says , `` like we 've said ... timothy only wanted to help people . 
 he had a huge heart , and we think he just let his emotions get the better of him . '' 
 chase looks at them and says , `` well , everyone 's got their own opinion on this and i have mine . 
 i may be cruel for saying this but ... your son 's rash actions may have saved tens of thousands of lives . 
 the united nations is an organization that ca n't seem to do the one thing they were assembled for in the first place : help the helpless . 
 i for one do n't believe your son died in vain . 
 am i afraid of what the future holds because of timothy 's discovery ? 
 yes , i am . 
 however , i believe that someone would have discovered this technology eventually , and it 's probably better that it was a man like timothy . 
 what 's done is done . 
 we have to deal with it now , so let 's face it head on . '' 
 he leans forward and asks gently , `` now ... can you tell us more about your son ? 
 what was timothy like as a child ? '' 
 brooke and scott look at each and smile , as tears begin to form in their eyes . 
 finally , scott says , `` well , he was different ... or , i guess i should say , exceptional ... '' as the interview continues , the u.s. government deals with the fallout from timothy 's actions . 
 the next day . 
 wbc news broadcast , moscow . 
 `` this is julie moyer reporting live from the red square in the heart of moscow , russia . 
 behind me is the infamous kremlin , a citadel which houses the government of the russian federation . 
 the word kremlin means `` fortress '' and this fortified complex has seen over five hundred years of human calamity , change , sacrifice , and perseverance . 
 now , its walls continue to be tested . 
 the people of this great country are living under a dark cloud : the fear of a deadly virus . 
 many people i 've interviewed are consumed with fear . 
 however , just as many believe that the virus does n't exist and it 's just an empty threat . 
 `` no unexplained illnesses have been reported here yet . 
 thus , hope exists that this threat will subside as quickly as it came . 
 but the answers are elusive , as the truth may very well have died with timothy hutchins and this dark cloud may hang over russia indefinitely . 
 this is an extremely volatile situation for the u.s. and russia , as both countries try to find answers . 
 people here are upset by the united states ' apparent lack of security in allowing this to happen at one of their government labs , and some even believe that the u.s. actually condoned the creation of this alleged virus . 
 in any case , an anti-american sentiment permeates this region and it 's not likely to let up anytime soon . 
 this is julie moyer reporting from the red square in moscow . 
 now , back to the studio . '' 
 the anchor in the wbc news studio says , `` thank you , julie . 
 this is ty miskimen at the wbc studios in new york city . 
 let 's go now to washington d.c. to find out what some u.s. government leaders think about timothy hutchins ' actions . 
 gloria sandburg is there , standing by . 
 gloria , what do you have ? '' 
 gloria says , `` thanks , ty . 
 i 'm here at the u.s. capitol in washington d.c. , where many senators and congressional leaders are voicing opinions about mr. hutchins ' apparent creation of a deadly virus . 
 there are mixed sentiments among them . 
 some see mr. hutchins as a hero , while others are furious over his breach of security , some even going so far as to label him a terrorist . 
 let 's talk to one leader now . '' 
 the camera turns to an older gentleman , elegantly dressed in a grey suit . 
 julie says , `` we have here u.s. senator , glen rodgers . 
 senator rodgers , thank you for taking some time to speak with us . '' 
 `` my pleasure , i 'm late for a meeting , so i only have a moment . '' 
 `` of course . 
 just one question . 
 can you tell us what you think of timothy hutchins and his alleged actions ? '' 
 `` i 'll be honest . 
 i do n't know if what mr. hutchins did was right or wrong . 
 i 've been monitoring the darfur situation for many years and all i 've seen there is the murdering of innocents . 
 we 've worked closely with the u.n. to try to negotiate some peace and put an end to the genocide , but we were unable to achieve anything . 
 it 's unfortunate that our government 's security was breached , but if that 's what it took to ... bring some sort of hope to the suffering natives in that country , then so be it . 
 i do n't think anyone should have to live in constant fear , especially innocent women and children . '' 
 `` so if you had to assign a label to mr. hutchins , you 'd choose hero over terrorist , i take it ? '' 
 `` well , i 'd hesitate to call him a hero ... but , the young man definitely knew how to get things done . '' 
 gloria says , `` thank you , senator . '' 
 she then turns to the camera , saying `` well , this is certainly a polarizing issue , and there are mixed feelings here at the capitol . 
 reporting from washington , d.c. , gloria sandburg , wbc news . '' 
 meanwhile . 
 silverton , colorado . 
 brooke and scott hutchins are finishing breakfast when the phone rings . 
 the phone has been ringing a lot these days , but never more than in the past five hours , after brooke and scott sent out an email to twenty-eight people on an exclusive list . 
 the list was prepared by timothy and mailed to brooke and scott before his videotaped suicide . 
 as the phone continues ringing , scott says , `` do n't answer . '' 
 brooke says , `` they 'll never leave us alone . '' 
 `` i look forward to the day we can answer our phone again . '' 
 all of a sudden , there 's a knock at the front door . 
 scott puts his fork down and says angrily , `` they 've been told not to come onto our property . '' 
 brooke says , `` calm down . 
 let me tell them . '' 
 she walks to the door and looks out . 
 she sees a man in a black suit , who does n't look like a member of the press . 
 she calls out , `` who 's there ? '' 
 the man answers in a french accent , `` excuse me for the intrusion , madam , but you 're not answering your phone . 
 i have an important message for you . '' 
 brooke opens the door . 
 scott appears behind her and asks , `` what is it ? '' 
 `` jacques bousquet would like to speak to you , '' the man says and hands brooke a phone . 
 confused , brooke takes the phone and says , `` hello . '' 
 jacques says , `` bonjour madam . 
 i 'm jacques bousquet . 
 we 've never met , but i knew your son . 
 i 'd like to say that i 'm very sorry for your loss . 
 i admired him very much . '' 
 `` thank you , mr. bousquet . 
 timothy spoke very highly of you and your wife . '' 
 `` i do n't want to bother you during this difficult time . 
 but i wanted to express my condolences . 
 and ... i also called to let you know that i received your email with the formula . 
 we 're very grateful . 
 as requested , i 've given it to the chief physician at the hospital here and everyone is quite excited about it . 
 time will tell if this drug was too late to help my wife , but i 'm told it shows great promise . 
 so now that we have the formula , maybe it can help others here . '' 
 `` you 're welcome mr. bousquet . 
 you 're one of the few people to whom timothy instructed us to email the formula , in the event anything happened to him . 
 he wanted it released to the right people . 
 he said if this ends up being a viable cancer drug , it does not belong to him , and it does not belong to mountain state university . 
 it belongs to world . '' 
 the same day . 
 washington , d.c. cabinet members and staff are gathered in a conference room at the white house , waiting for the president to join them . 
 the room is quiet , as tensions run high . 
 they know the cia has new information and requested this emergency meeting to discuss it . 
 president shepherd briskly walks into the room and asks , `` what do we have ? '' 
 the cia director , dan roper , answers , `` we believe the russian withdrawal from georgia is a smoke screen . 
 while all of their tanks , choppers , and planes have gone back to russia , only eighty percent of their ground troops have vacated . 
 the other twenty percent are searching . 
 it began yesterday morning . 
 they 're being as discrete as possible , but they 're apparently scouring georgia on a full-scale manhunt . '' 
 `` searching for whom ? '' 
 the president asks . 
 `` timothy hutchins , we believe , '' replies roper . 
 the members gasp , and president shepherd looks confused . 
 he asks , `` why do they think he 's alive ? '' 
 roper heads to the television , presses play , and says , `` here 's what we have . '' 
 president shepherd is optimistic for the first time in several days . 
 his eyes light up . 
 `` do we have men there ? '' 
 he asks . 
 back in his seat , roper answers , `` yes , sir . 
 i 'm going to show you the video of hutchins ' suicide . '' 
 he uses the remote to fast-forward the video . 
 when he reaches the part showing the gun pressed against timothy 's head , he pauses it . 
 then , he presses play to show the gun going off . 
 the room is silent . 
 he rewinds and plays it again , slowing it down more and more , until it shows only the gunfire and brain matter exiting the head . 
 using the red dot of a laser pointer to focus on the gun , roper says , `` our forensic lab is unable to emphatically conclude anything , but they say there may be a slight delay from when the gun is fired to when the brain matter exits the head . '' 
 president shepherd abruptly slaps the table , startling everyone but roper , then ejects himself from his chair and heads towards the door . 
 without turning , he says , `` find him , daniel ! '' 
 as the president leaves , roper replies , `` yes , sir , '' and continues discussing the video with the others , saying , `` the slight delay in the video indicates it may have been staged . 
 if that 's true , we need to find hutchins before the russians do . '' 
 a cabinet member asks , `` what do you think the russians are going to do to him if they find him ? '' 
 `` nothing good , '' roper says , as he quickly walks towards the door . 
 another cabinet member asks , `` that 's it ? '' 
 roper turns and says , `` he 's wiped out a portion of the janjuweed tribe and he potentially has a virus that can do the same to the russians . 
 i ca n't say i blame them for wanting to protect themselves . '' 
 that evening . 
 wbc news report . 
 a news anchor is wrapping up the nightly news report from the wbc news studio in new york city . 
 he says `` now we 're going to go live to mark janeway in aurora , colorado . 
 mark , what do you have for us ? '' 
 the camera cuts to mark , who says , `` good evening , i 'm here in front of mountain state university hospital in aurora , colorado . 
 the camera crew and i are on the sidewalk across the street because msu security is prohibiting any news agencies from being on their property . 
 they 've even gone so far as to threaten legal action against any agency that misreports this story . 
 i believe the university 's concern stems from our recent investigation of the sophie bousquet saga . 
 we believe we 've unraveled some of the mystery regarding mrs. bousquet 's abrupt visit to the u.s. a few months ago . 
 up until now , there 's only been speculation as to why her team of physicians left paris , and one of the world 's most prestigious hospitals , to travel across the atlantic to this hospital in colorado . 
 to understand this , we first have to go back to several weeks before the former first lady of france arrived here . 
 that leads us to this woman , stephanie johnson . '' 
 a photo of stephanie appears on the screen , and he continues , `` ms. johnson was a patient at msu 's hospital who had stage-four breast cancer and agreed to undergo a test run of an experimental drug . 
 a test run is when a first generation drug with no track record is tested on its first patient . 
 stephanie johnson was that first patient . 
 she unfortunately died nine weeks into the test run , after completing the series of injections . 
 however , her postmortem ct scan images were astonishing . 
 those images are not being released to the public , but the few people that have seen them said they show a remarkable reduction of her cancer . 
 `` we have not confirmed this , but we believe that somehow those scan results made their way across the atlantic and into the hands of mrs. bousquet 's cancer team . 
 as of the last report , mrs. bousquet was still in a coma in paris . 
 `` the question everyone is asking is : where did this test run drug originate ? 
 we 've been trying to get answers to that here at msu , but the hospital administrators have put the clamps on this story . 
 they have the entire hospital and university buttoned up tighter than fort knox . 
 no one we 've tried to interview is willing to talk , for fear of legal action . 
 `` for those of you unfamiliar with this hospital , let me give you a little insight . 
 over the past twenty years , this facility has been aggressively recruiting some of the foremost cancer researchers and physicians in the country , and there are literally a hundred or so potential candidates who could have produced this drug . 
 many professors here are leading experts in cancer study and are testing their own experimental drugs on patients . 
 in fact , the more we investigate this hospital , the more we realize what a cancer powerhouse it is . 
 there 's a good possibility that behind the walls of this university lies the key to an eventual cure for cancer . 
 we can only hope so . 
 this is mark janeway , wbc news . 
 we 'll bring you more on this story as it develops . 
 now , back to the studio . '' 
 back in the wbc news studio , the anchor says , `` thanks , mark . 
 in other medical research news , the five alzheimer 's institutes have yet to comment on a story that emerged yesterday regarding the institutes ' receipt of compound m . 
 the unconfirmed report states that compound m was sent to each lab by someone who referred to himself as ` sam . ' 
 the institutes are neither confirming nor denying this story , but several inside sources have corroborated it . 
 we 'll inform you as soon as the institutes make a formal statement on this matter . '' 
 early the next morning . 
 rustavi , georgia . 
 the remaining russian soldiers are searching for timothy , discretely questioning the few georgian citizens that will speak to them . 
 up until now , they 've had exclusive rights to the country . 
 however , the first wave of american soldiers has quietly and methodically blanketed the city of rustavi , and they 've begun to conduct their own search . 
 one russian soldier is walking casually through a small general store , picking up various items , looking them over , and moving on . 
 when he walks around to the next aisle , he 's startled by a young soldier standing there . 
 they stare at each other . 
 the russian soldier studies the young man 's unfamiliar fatigues , looking down at his boots and back up again . 
 not recognizing the young soldier 's uniform , he says something in russian . 
 the young soldier , still making eye contact with the russian , slowly turns to display a u.s. flag on the shoulder of his uniform . 
 the russian raises his eyebrows in surprise and nods his head . 
 the u.s. soldier nods back . 
 the russian soldier leaves the store and radios his comrades , saying , `` the americans are here . '' 
 meanwhile . 
 wbc news report . 
 bolnisi , georgia . 
 `` this is clint matthews reporting live from bolnisi , georgia , where during the last few days , things have changed dramatically . 
 the georgian people , who enjoyed several days of peace and quiet after the majority of the russian troops left , have now been inundated with u.s. troops . 
 for what reason , we do n't know . 
 we 've tried to interview some of the u.s. soldiers , but they are n't talking . 
 some recent development or event has evidently changed the dynamics here in georgia , but what that is , no one will say . '' 
 just then , a u.s. soldier walks by , and clint rushes over . 
 startled , the soldier says , `` yes ? '' 
 `` excuse me , sir . 
 clint mathews , wbc news . 
 can you tell us why there 's a growing u.s. military presence here in georgia ? '' 
 the soldier shakes his head and walks off without saying anything . 
 clint looks back at the camera and says , `` they 're not talking . 
 we 'll keep digging until we get ... '' just then , the wbc studio anchor cuts in and says , `` just a minute , clint , we 're now going to chase jordan with some breaking news on the other side of georgia . '' 
 the broadcast cuts to chase , who says excitedly , `` this is chase jordan here in the city of rustavi , georgia with some incredible news . 
 we 've just learned that the u.s. troops and the remaining russian troops here , are all searching for timothy hutchins . 
 we 're not sure what they know , but something has apparently led them to believe that hutchins is alive . 
 several georgian sources have informed us that u.s. and russian military are actively searching for him . 
 this is quickly becoming a massive-scale manhunt , as more troops roll in to assist in the search . 
 `` this has quickly turned into a volatile situation . 
 u.s. soldiers have all been briefed that one accidental shot , or even an argument in the street , could escalate into a game-changing event . 
 the worry is that most of these troops are all young men in their teens and twenties . 
 high testosterone and a feeling of invincibility could be a recipe for disaster . 
 we 'll keep you posted as this situation develops . 
 now , back to the studio . '' 
 back in the studio , the wbc anchor says , `` thanks chase , we 'll be cutting back to you shortly . 
 in other world news , we have an update regarding the five alzheimer 's institutes who received the mysterious ` compound m. ' as you know , the five countries where the institutes are located joined together and are referred to as the coalition . 
 the coalition 's institutes have just announced that , through a secret lottery , forty-one alzheimer 's sufferers from around the world have been selected to receive the first round of a drug they 've officially named m-somax . 
 the drug 's name was apparently derived from ` compound m. ' `` apparently , the coalition obtains compound m from their tigers on tiger island . 
 they then give the compound to their alzheimer 's institutes , who create the m-somax drug from it . 
 the drug is then administered to the patients . 
 the patients who were selected in this first lottery are currently being monitored by the institutes ' doctors . 
 `` for those of you thinking the lottery was fixed , seven of the patients are from third world countries , including haiti , bangladesh , and madagascar , and there 's even a patient from the solomon islands . 
 the alzheimer 's institutes will be giving periodic statements on the patients ' progress . 
 we 'll inform you of any updates , as we receive them . '' 
 that afternoon . 
 washington , d.c. president shepherd has been called to a conference room at the white house to meet with a staff member , dianne albright , and two other individuals . 
 the president walks into the room with a secret service agent and asks dianne , `` what do we have ? '' 
 she says , `` sir , this is paul mccoy and chloe phillips . 
 you said to notify you immediately of any information that comes in pertaining to ` compound m ' and the search for ` sam ' . 
 mr. mccoy and ms. phillips say they may know who sam is . 
 shepherd 's face lights up . 
 he says , `` nice to meet you both . 
 i 've had nothing but bad news all day . 
 it 's about time something goes my way . '' 
 he looks at them , waiting . 
 dianne says , `` they say it 's for your ears only . 
 they wo n't tell me who it is . '' 
 he looks at her with surprise and jokingly asks , `` did you water board them ? '' 
 dianne and the agent laugh and shepherd says , `` ok , let 's clear the room . '' 
 as dianne and the agent head out , shepherd looks at paul and says , `` if anyone asks , at no time did the words ` water board ' come out of my mouth . '' 
 paul smiles and says , `` understood , mr. president . '' 
 shepherd sits down , looks at his guests , and says , `` okay , i 'm all ears . '' 
 paul says , `` sorry for the secrecy , mr. president . 
 we thought you should decide who knows this . 
 we have n't told anyone . '' 
 `` all right . 
 go ahead . '' 
 `` chloe and i are the chief curators at the colorado state zoo . 
 last year , we had a tiger that was ill , and we had to put her down . 
 we donated her body to the msu biology department , and timothy hutchins was the young man who came to pick her up . '' 
 chloe says , `` we heard on the news yesterday that the alzheimer 's institutes are looking for the scientist who discovered compound m ... and that whoever it is signed the letters , ` sam . '' ' 
 she pauses , then says , `` our tiger 's name was sam . '' 
 president shepherd stares at them for moment , stunned . 
 he then asks , `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 `` no , '' paul answers . 
 shepherd says , `` well , now ... that is an interesting development . '' 
 later that evening . 
 wbc news special report . 
 a wbc news anchor begins a nightly news broadcast , saying , `` this is teri villanova reporting for wbc news . 
 we 've been investigating reports of a possible breakthrough cancer drug discovered at mountain state university in colorado . 
 the reports stem from some leaked information about an experimental drug that was administered to now-deceased msu cancer patient , stephanie johnson . 
 thanks to ms. johnson 's family , our medical experts obtained copies of her lab results from the time periods both before and after she was given the experimental drug . 
 after reviewing the lab results and ct scan images from seven weeks before she was administered the drug and those results from eight weeks after she began receiving the drug , the experts found an obvious , dramatic reduction of her cancer . 
 this news has physicians and researchers quite optimistic . 
 `` i 'd like to say thank you to the family of stephanie johnson for allowing the release of her medical records and lab results , which allowed our experts to investigate this matter . 
 we hope that ms. johnson 's courage will pave the way for the future of cancer treatment . 
 `` we 've repeatedly contacted msu for comment , but they 're keeping a tight lid on the matter , and have so far refused to discuss the new drug . 
 we 'll bring you more updates on this breaking story as they become available . '' 
 her co-anchor says , `` that 's interesting news , teri . 
 almost eight million people die from cancer every year worldwide . 
 there are more than a few out there who could use a little hope . '' 
 chapter ten the next morning . 
 washington , d.c. president shepherd has scheduled a meeting at the white house . 
 military officers , senior aides , and advisors await his arrival in the conference room , while they talk and greet one another . 
 the room immediately goes quiet when president shepherd walks in and says abruptly , `` my grandpa used to negotiate his tail off at the farmers auction ... '' he pours a glass of water , takes a sip , then continues , `` ... usually for an old cow that nobody wanted anyway . 
 he 'd sit there for a half hour negotiating an unrealistic lowball price for the cow . 
 he 'd work them hard , and when they 'd finally cave in , he 'd say it was still too high and start to walk away . 
 but then he 'd turn around and ask ` how much for that chicken ? ' 
 well , they 'd just about had enough of him at that point , so they 'd just give him the chicken , and say good riddance . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` my grandpa , god rest his soul , told that story a lot . 
 he called it the old ` bait and switch . ' 
 he pauses a moment , then says , `` all my grandpa really wanted was the chicken . '' 
 everyone laughs . 
 `` he 'd drive there in an old buick . 
 he always worried they 'd call his bluff and he 'd have no way to get the cow home . '' 
 they laugh even harder . 
 `` now then ... '' he pauses , as the laughter dies down , then continues , `` i was up all night , thinking about that bait and switch . 
 so let 's move on to the business at hand ... '' meanwhile , new york city . 
 a daily news program is being filmed in a wbc news studio in new york city . 
 leslie buccarro , a wbc news anchor , is hosting a panel of guests to discuss the new cancer drug making headlines in the national news media . 
 leslie begins , `` good afternoon . 
 we are here with dr. clark kellogg , an established oncologist here in manhattan , and kitty mcclain , ceo of mantra , a leading pharmaceutical manufacturer . 
 we 're here to talk about the breakthrough cancer drug that was allegedly created at mountain state university and has the medical community buzzing . '' 
 she then turns to her guests and says , `` hello to both of you , and thank you for joining us today . '' 
 kitty responds , `` nice to be here . '' 
 clark says , `` hello . 
 thanks for having me . '' 
 leslie says , `` let me begin by giving an update on the former first lady of france , sophie bousquet . 
 you may recall that ms. bousquet received msu 's experimental cancer drug during her stay in the u.s. , and after receiving the final injections of the drug , she returned to paris , where she 's been hospitalized and comatose . 
 inside sources say there may be a glimmer of hope for her . 
 while she 's still in a coma , her cancer cells are apparently shrinking . 
 her physicians have yet to issue a statement on the matter , but we 're hoping they 'll make one soon . 
 one of her nurses was recently fired for texting information about ms. bousquet 's condition . 
 she said , among other things , that she 's never seen cancer react this way . 
 `` what do you make of this dr. kellogg ? 
 ms. bousquet has been back at the hospital in paris for some time now . 
 her doctors have had plenty of time to issue a formal statement . 
 why all the secrecy ? '' 
 clark responds , `` they could be trying to give the family some privacy . 
 you have to understand the delicacy of the situation . 
 this is the former president of france and his wife . '' 
 kitty jumps in and says , `` i do n't think it 's privacy concerns that are keeping them quiet . 
 i think they 're in unchartered territory and have no idea which way this is going to go . 
 i have a source , who will remain confidential , who says that ms. bousquet 's cancer is definitely fading , and this may trigger her to come out of the coma . 
 however , she may never emerge from the coma , whether the cancer is reduced or not . 
 all they can do is wait . 
 they probably do n't want to raise hopes until they 're certain of anything . '' 
 leslie turns to clark and asks , `` clark , if you had to speculate , what do you think is going on there . '' 
 `` i 'm not in the business of speculating , but if the drug is working , they 're sole objective at this point is to keep her alive and let the drug continue to work . '' 
 leslie asks kitty , `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` i agree . 
 they need to do whatever it takes to keep her alive . '' 
 leslie says , `` let 's talk about this experimental cancer drug from msu . 
 clark , you specialize in cancer treatment and have had your oncology practice for twenty-seven years now . 
 what would you say a drug that cures cancer could be worth ? '' 
 he answers , `` well , let 's not get ahead of ourselves here . 
 this drug , even if it proved to be some miracle drug that surpasses everyone 's expectations , is still in its infancy stage . 
 it could take years before it 's fully developed and put into the hands of physicians . 
 we also do n't yet know the side effects . '' 
 kitty jumps in and says , `` cancer patients do n't have years . 
 if i have stage-four cancer with three months to live , i 'm not going to worry too much about side effects . '' 
 leslie asks kitty , `` okay , so what do you think the drug could be worth ? '' 
 she replies , `` to some people , it would be absolutely priceless . 
 if this drug is legit , we could be talking about the discovery of the century , possibly of all time . 
 there would be no bigger impact on mankind than a cure for cancer . 
 it would mean the difference between life and death for millions of people . 
 let me ask you , leslie . 
 if you found out you had cancer , were likely going to die in a year , and your last six months would be filled with suffering , how much would you pay for a cure ? '' 
 leslie nods her head and says , `` i would scrape up everything i could . '' 
 kitty prods , `` how would you do that ? '' 
 `` well ... i 'd empty my bank accounts , '' she thinks a second , then adds , `` i 'd max out my credit cards and i 'd sell all my jewelry . '' 
 kitty says , `` i think you 'd go even further than that . 
 i think you 'd take out a mortgage on your house or even sell it . 
 in fact , i think your parents would do the same if they had to . 
 this drug would be the kind of drug that would beg the question , ` what is life worth ... and what would you pay to keep it ? ' 
 i 'm not saying the pharmaceutical companies or manufacturers would make people mortgage their homes , but we do live in a free enterprise system . 
 it would come down to a question of ` who . ' 
 who is behind this discovery ? 
 in the end , it always comes down to greed and what someone can get for what he or she is selling . 
 if this drug works , whoever discovered it , whether it 's the university , the hospital , or one of their researchers ... once they patent the drug and begin to manufacture it , everyone needing the drug will have to go through them to get it . 
 and ... they 'll charge whatever the market can bear . 
 which brings us back to the question , ` how much money can you raise and how quickly can you raise it ? '' ' 
 clark shakes his head , `` it sickens me to hear this . 
 you 're talking about profiting off desperate human beings with nowhere to turn . 
 these people are at the end of their rope , with no hope whatsoever except a drug that you 've just determined will cost the price of a house . '' 
 kitty retorts , `` i 'm not saying the patent holder is going to charge that , but let 's take zytrilin for instance . 
 zytrilin is an over-the-counter heartburn drug whose patent expired three months ago . 
 in its seven year reign , it grossed nearly one billion dollars . 
 if a heartburn drug could gross almost a billion , a cure for cancer would be the patent to end all patents . 
 its gross take could be calculated in the hundreds of billions . '' 
 `` i ca n't begin to tell you how much i disagree with this , '' clark says angrily . 
 `` there 's a limit to how much money can you make off the backs of people who are dying . 
 hopefully , the patent holder would find common ground between how much money they could charge and the civility and compassion that should come along with such a discovery . '' 
 he looks at kitty , and says , `` with all due respect , ms. mcclain , you represent a drug manufacturer whose sole purpose is to drive your prices as high as you can ... and the words you 're choosing to use here today may have already begun to influence the price of a drug that 's still in its testing stages . '' 
 kitty says angrily , `` i take offense to that . 
 let me ask you this , dr. kellogg . 
 if you found the cure for cancer , how much would you charge for the drug ? '' 
 `` i certainly would n't have people selling their homes . 
 i would charge a moderate price so that everyone could afford it . '' 
 kitty scoffs , `` and is that what you do ? 
 i mean now ... in your oncology practice . 
 you set your own prices for people who , as you put it , are at the end of their rope , and would you say the prices you charge your patients are moderate ? '' 
 `` the prices i charge my patients are none of your business . '' 
 `` a moment ago you questioned my ethics , but more importantly , you questioned my compassion and civility . 
 i 'll bet your patients who are dying of cancer do n't think your fees are moderate . 
 in fact , i 'm pretty sure you charge them whatever they will bear ... and you know better than anyone , when someone 's dying , they will bear a lot . '' 
 clark takes offense , `` how dare you bring my private business into the public eye . 
 who do you think you are ? 
 `` i 'm the person calling you a hypocrite . 
 you 've amassed a fortune off cancer patients and now you want to dictate how much someone else should be able to profit off the same group of people . 
 you and your wife throw a lavish party every year and invite pharmaceutical reps. i was at one of those parties five years ago . 
 people do n't live in seven million dollar penthouses like yours by charging moderate prices everyone can afford . '' 
 with that , she gets up and storms off the set . 
 clark and leslie look at one another in shock , as the producer quickly cuts to a commercial . 
 that evening . 
 mountain state university , colorado . 
 dr. donald driver is walking to his car in the msu parking garage , when a cameraman and news reporter appear from around the corner to ambush him . 
 as the camera begins to roll , the reporter says , `` dr. driver . 
 i 'm matthew ahlstrand from kbt seattle . 
 we have a couple of questions about the u.s. patents the university has applied for . 
 would you take just a moment to ... '' dr. driver cuts off the reporter midsentence and says angrily , `` how do you know about any patents we 've applied for ? '' 
 he glares at matthew , knowing that patent application information is not available to the public . 
 matthew ignores the question and asks , `` do you believe your hospital will be successful in obtaining a patent on a procedure to alter the shark 's helix through super coiling , or will the patent office likely consider that a type of medical technique excluded from patents ? '' 
 dr. driver gapes at the reporter in disbelief , astounded that he could have such detailed , confidential information . 
 bursting with anger , dr. driver lifts his briefcase over his head and throws it down full force onto the concrete floor , causing a loud boom to echo throughout the garage . 
 matthew 's eyes widen , shocked at the doctor 's response . 
 he and the cameraman begin to back up , as dr. driver stares at them menacingly . 
 dr. driver shouts , `` i 'm going to find out your source at the patent office and you 'll all be brought up on charges , starting with the leaking of government information ! '' 
 without allowing matthew a chance to respond , dr. driver takes out his cell phone and calls hospital security , shouting into the phone , `` there are two men in the parking garage who need to be escorted off the property immediately ! '' 
 meanwhile . 
 wbc news broadcast . 
 wbc news anchor , ty miskimen , begins a nightly report , `` good evening . 
 president shepherd 's press secretary has issued a statement saying that the president cancelled his scheduled visit to chicago and will instead fly to russia tomorrow . 
 president shepherd is expected to make a formal apology to president nikolai kirillov for our government 's inability to contain a rouge scientist , and for the possibility of a deadly virus having been brought to their soil . 
 it 's no secret that tension has been building between the two countries , and this surprise move by president shepherd will hopefully ease that tension . 
 president kirillov was quoted as saying , ` this is a step in the right direction . ' 
 we certainly hope it is . '' 
 ty continues , `` we have some other breaking news to report . 
 there 've been numerous reports that several hospitals and research facilities around the globe have been sent a formula for a new cancer drug . 
 there are unconfirmed reports that this drug appears to be an exact match to mountain state university 's cancer drug , which has been submitted for patent . 
 that was the same drug which was administered to the former first lady of france , sophie bousquet , at the msu hospital several months ago . 
 msu could not be reached for comment , but we can only imagine that they are not pleased by news of the apparent leaking of their drug 's formula and i 'm sure they have their legal team investigating the matter . 
 we do n't yet know how the other hospitals and research centers were sent this formula or how many of them received it . 
 we 'll certainly bring you more on this story as it develops . '' 
 the same evening . 
 cns news program . 
 new york city . 
 `` good evening , this is jessica salinas for cns news . 
 i 'm here with longtime environmentalist and conservationist martin sedgwick . 
 thanks for joining us , martin . '' 
 `` thanks for having me . '' 
 `` martin , what do you think about this latest rumor in the media that sharks may play a significant role in the cure for cancer ? '' 
 `` i 'm not surprised . 
 it 's a well-known fact that sharks develop cancer at a much lower rate than other animals and fish . '' 
 `` if this turns out to be true , how might this affect shark conservation efforts ? 
 what should people do ? '' 
 he says bluntly , `` stop killing them . '' 
 she says , `` well , there are some countries that depend on the shark for food or income . 
 it would be difficult to implement regulations and sanctions on fisheries in those countries . 
 this would take some time , possibly years , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` years ? 
 we 're talking about a cancer cure . '' 
 `` what would you propose ? '' 
 `` quit killing the sharks , '' he emphatically responds . 
 he pauses , then asks , `` jessica ... how many sharks are killed every year ? '' 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 `` take a guess . '' 
 she thinks for a moment and then responds , `` maybe five million ? '' 
 `` try one hundred million . '' 
 `` wow , that 's a lot . '' 
 `` you know how most of them are killed ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 `` they 're pulled onto a ship by the hundreds with a massive net . 
 then the fishermen cut off their fins and tails and slide their bodies back into the water , all while they 're still alive . 
 they sink nose first to the ocean floor and wait to die . 
 if that does n't disgust you , nothing will . 
 how long can the ocean absorb one hundred million sharks a year before finally conceding defeat ? '' 
 `` i had no idea that many were being harvested . '' 
 `` i really do n't think you can call that harvesting . 
 farmers harvest crops of corn and wheat , but then they replant more seeds in order to replenish the fields . 
 no one is replenishing the shark . 
 it will be ironic justice if the shark turns out to be a necessary component in the cure for cancer , but millions were allowed to be cast overboard so that their fins could be used for some shark fin soup . '' 
 he then turns to the camera and speaks to the viewers , `` if this rumor is confirmed , we 're going to have to make a decision for future generations . 
 one of the most incredible medical cures in human history ... or shark fin soup . 
 i know most of you are content to be spectators , but this may be something you 'll want to get off your couch for . '' 
 the next day . 
 mountain state university . 
 mountain state university hospital is about to hold a press conference to discuss the patent for their cancer drug . 
 the chief of staff , dr. donald driver , walks up to a podium to issue a statement on behalf of the hosptial . 
 before he can get started , a reporter shouts out , `` enrollment records show that timothy hutchins was a student at msu during sophie bousquet 's stay . 
 was it his experimental drug that was given to her ? '' 
 driver does not respond . 
 he just glares at the reporter . 
 another reporter shouts out , `` will the university be bringing legal action against the hutchins family for releasing the formula of the cancer drug ? '' 
 again , driver ignores the question . 
 he looks down at his note cards for his prepared speech , as another reporter asks , `` how do you explain the fact that your former patient , stephanie johnson , passed away soon after receiving your cancer drug , and yet that same drug is apparently keeping sophie bousquet alive ? '' 
 driver is shocked at how informed the press is on this . 
 he scrambles for words , as he was not prepared to answer these detailed questions . 
 he thought he was simply going to come out and read his prepared statement . 
 he reluctantly responds , `` the university 's attorneys are preparing to bring suit against anyone who releases classified university information . 
 now let me get started with my statement . '' 
 another reporter says calmly , `` before we hear your statement , doctor , one question . 
 not sure if you 're aware of this , but just in the past few hours , there 's been a report that the cancer drug formula that msu is trying to patent is different than the formula released by the hutchins . 
 experts have apparently determined that there are several minor variations between the formulas . 
 this means that the drug you 're patenting is different than the drug that was given to sophie bousquet . 
 how do you respond to this ? '' 
 driver glares at the reporter in stunned silence , unfamiliar with this information . 
 the reporter continues , `` in other words , is n't it true that the university is applying for a patent on the drug given to stephanie johnson ... and not the one given to sophie bousquet ? '' 
 driver 's cheeks are flushed and beads of sweat are forming on his forehead . 
 finally , he stammers , `` the university will ... of course , be pursuing patents on both drugs , and ... '' driver stops abruptly when he notices that someone has approached him and is standing next to him . 
 he turns to see the university president beside him at the podium . 
 the president says `` excuse me , donald , '' as he unapologetically moves driver aside and steps up to the microphone . 
 he looks out over the crowd and says , `` i 'm conrad bishop , president of mountain state university . '' 
 he pauses to clear his throat and then says , `` i 've never been more ashamed than i am at this moment ... i allowed myself to be talked into applying for this patent . '' 
 he glares at driver and says , `` as of now , the university is dropping its application for patent on this cancer drug , and any other versions of that drug . 
 if it turns out to be a viable cancer cure , it belongs to the world , and no one should hold the patent . 
 i 'm not sure to where our morals escaped during this process , but i 'm about to find out . '' 
 bishop begins to step away from the podium , when a reporter blurts out , `` so can we assume the university will not be bringing any legal action against the hutchins family ? '' 
 bishop turns back to the microphone and says , `` i 'd be surprised if the devil himself would bring suit against a family whose son developed a drug to defeat cancer . '' 
 with that , he walks away from the podium , motioning driver to follow him . 
 meanwhile . 
 an abandoned factory in georgia . 
 tensions are high , as u.s. and russian troops continue their search for timothy hutchins . 
 ramping up their efforts , the russian military has set up a covert intelligence post inside an abandoned factory on the outskirts of rustavi , georgia . 
 several russian translators are listening attentively to radio communications of u.s. troops , trying to intercept a transmission that will lead them to hutchins . 
 it 's organized chaos inside the factory , as the chatter is recorded , dissected , and replayed for further analysis . 
 then , it happens . 
 one of the translators removes his head phones and signals a lieutenant . 
 the lieutenant briskly walks over and puts the head phones on to listen . 
 his eyes light up when the translator points to the radar screen to show him the origin of the transmission . 
 the lieutenant immediately begins barking out commands to the officers in the room . 
 the same day . 
 moscow , russia . 
 air force one floats in and touches down on a runway in moscow . 
 several minutes later , president shepherd is about to be escorted off the plane by secret service agents , when one of them asks , `` are you nervous , sir ? '' 
 president shepherd , surprisingly calm , responds , `` i 've never felt better . 
 i guess the looming threat of a russian virus has cloaked me with protection . 
 there 's an upside to the rest of the world believing that the u.s. military has a rogue scientist on the loose who 's walking around with some viruses ... maybe i 'll visit north korea next . '' 
 the agents laugh . 
 meanwhile . 
 rustavi , georgia . 
 within minutes of intercepting the u.s. military radio transmission , russian choppers race to the coordinates . 
 at the same time , a u.s. blackhawk helicopter approaches a four story building in rustavi and hovers over the rooftop . 
 just then a hatch door on the roof bursts open . 
 four u.s. soldiers emerge from the hatch . 
 two stand guard , as the other two lift out a man dressed in civilian clothes . 
 the helicopter lands , and the soldiers quickly rush the man over to it . 
 then they quickly lift him inside and slam the door . 
 the helicopter co-pilot points to the radar screen to show the pilot an incoming chopper racing to their vicinity . 
 the pilot hits the throttle and they begin to lift off . 
 the russian helicopter races over and stops twenty feet above the u.s. helicopter , pinning it down . 
 the american pilot immediately halts his assent to avoid a collision . 
 his co-pilot yells , `` eleven o’clock . '' 
 the pilot looks in that direction and sees a russian soldier on an adjacent rooftop with a rocket launcher pointed at them . 
 not backing down , the pilot continues to hover ten feet above the building , as he communicates to his command center , `` we 're lit up . '' 
 his staff sergeant asks , `` can you get out ? '' 
 the pilot responds , `` negative . '' 
 his co-pilot sees several approaching russian helicopters on the radar screen and relays , `` we 've got a lot of resistance heading our way . 
 we need back up . '' 
 the command center orders several u.s. helicopters to assist , and they take to the skies a couple miles away . 
 the incoming russian choppers quickly descend on the u.s. blackhawk , like bees swarming a nest . 
 the russian choppers maneuver around the blackhawk on all sides , trying to intimidate the pilot into setting down . 
 but the pilot stands his ground , staring into the eyes of the opposing pilot in front of him . 
 the russian pilot uses his index finger to motion him to land . 
 un-intimidated , the u.s. pilot slowly points to his two o’clock . 
 the russian pilot looks in that direction to see dozens of u.s. blackhawk helicopters streaming towards him . 
 georgian citizens down on the ground are shocked by what they 're witnessing . 
 the downdraft from the helicopters feels like a hurricane , blowing debris through the streets . 
 u.s. ground troops are dispersed among the civilians , watching and waiting . 
 russian troops soon begin to arrive and mix in with the u.s. troops , inundating the streets . 
 the sky begins to fill with more aircraft , forcing the pilots to bring their choppers dangerously close to one another . 
 the co-pilot of the first blackhawk sees their space becoming tighter and tighter . 
 he makes eye contact with a russian pilot and gestures at the dangerous proximity of their rotors by slowly putting his hands together and pulling them apart , indicating an explosion . 
 the russian looks at the blades , and his eyes widen . 
 he backs his chopper away . 
 the blackhawk pilot then receives a command , stating `` set it down . '' 
 relieved , he immediately lands on the roof , as the other u.s. and russian choppers hover above , awaiting orders . 
 just then , the pilot of the landed blackhawk receives another order , to return the civilian to the building . 
 two soldiers pull the civilian out of the helicopter and run with him back to the roof hatch . 
 as they run , the civilian looks up to get a glance of the mayhem in the skies . 
 one of the soldiers quickly pulls his head back down to hide his face . 
 they all climb down into the building and close the hatch . 
 a russian soldier suddenly jumps out of a chopper , landing hard on the roof . 
 he runs to the same hatch door and pulls it open . 
 he looks down , aiming his rifle , and climbs in . 
 there 's a camera mounted on his helmet transmitting the image back to his headquarters . 
 he climbs down the stairs and into a hallway , rifle at the ready , and begins to search each room he comes upon . 
 a hovering russian chopper had captured the civilian 's evacuation from the blackhawk on film . 
 the soldiers on board are playing the footage , trying to identify the civilian . 
 they rewind the scene and play it , frame by frame , freezing it on an image showing the civilian looking directly up and into the camera . 
 they immediately send the still shot to their command center . 
 the image is a bit grainy , but there 's no doubt that the man is timothy hutchins , right down to the clothes worn during his staged suicide . 
 inside the building , the russian soldier continues his pursuit of the americans . 
 he continues down a hallway , peering into each room , as the russian command center watches the action unfold from his helmet cam . 
 he reaches the last room on the floor and peeks his head around the corner . 
 to his surprise , they are in there . 
 he quickly pulls his head back , then whispers into his microphone , `` i have them . '' 
 he slowly peers around the corner again and sees that the u.s. soldiers have zip-tied the civilian 's hands behind his back and tied a handkerchief over his mouth to prevent him from speaking . 
 the russian soldier slowly advances into the room . 
 one of the u.s. soldiers notices him . 
 he freezes for a moment , but seeing that the americans are n't aiming their weapons at him , he begins to inch forward . 
 in fact , the u.s. soldiers appear to be nervous , and the civilian 's eyes are wide with fear . 
 the russian soldier raises his rifle up in the air , showing he has no aggressive intention , and enters the room . 
 meanwhile . 
 an adjacent rooftop . 
 chase jordan is preparing to give a live report from a rooftop close to the action . 
 he has to shout his report in order to be heard over the roar of helicopter engines . 
 he begins , `` this is chase jordan reporting live from rustavi , georgia . 
 those of you at home are going to be completely shocked by what 's unfolded here in just the last several minutes . '' 
 chase directs the cameraman to show the skies filled with choppers and the streets filled with soldiers . 
 continuing on , he says , `` what you 're looking at is happening live , but it looks more like a scene from a hollywood movie . 
 these u.s. and russian helicopters are all facing that building over there . '' 
 he directs the camera to zoom in on a nearby building , then continues , `` if i had to guess , there 's only one person i can think of that would cause this type of insurgence and that 's timothy hutchins . 
 i do n't have any confirmation of this , but i believe they 've found hutchins and he 's in that building ! 
 this situation dashes any hopes of a quiet ending to this conflict . 
 any chance of a peaceful outcome has been dramatically altered by whatever chain of events has led these two superpowers to face off here in rustavi . 
 i 'll bring you more on this breaking story as soon as i can . '' 
 back inside the building . 
 the russian soldier who came upon the americans inside the building has entered the room . 
 he 's staring at the man who 's hands are tied and mouth is gagged . 
 the russian 's helmet cam is streaming the live footage back to his command post . 
 a russian lieutenant back at the post watches the screen , staring into the captive 's eyes , studying the mad man who caused all of this . 
 back in the skies , many of the helicopters are starting to run low on petrol . 
 they need to set down , or one by one they 'll start dropping to the streets . 
 several of them begin to land on available rooftops . 
 then russian and u.s. ground troops climb to the rooftops to get closer to the action . 
 they situate themselves on the roofs , as the landed helicopters turn off their engines . 
 awaiting further orders , the soldiers stand by , with their weapons at ease . 
 all of a sudden , a russian soldier raises up his rifle in order to look through the scope at something off in the distance . 
 seeing him raise his gun , the u.s. soldiers react . 
 they raise their own rifles and aim at him . 
 this , in turn , causes his russian comrades to turn their weapons on the americans . 
 the tension is palpable . 
 each man is ready to pull the trigger when he hears the first ` pop ' . 
 realizing the mistake he 's made , the russian soldier slowly lowers his rifle . 
 he turns around to face the others and nervously says in broken english , `` i like ... watch bird . '' 
 the soldiers all sigh with relief , as they lower their rifles , marveling at how a bird almost started a war . 
 meanwhile . 
 moscow , russia . 
 having finished his brief but productive meeting with president kirillov in moscow , president shepherd is being ushered by secret service across the tarmac to air force one . 
 he says to his senior advisor , `` should i do the traditional turn around and wave at the top of the stairs ? '' 
 the advisor chuckles and says , `` i do n't think that 'll be necessary , sir . '' 
 they quickly walk up the stairs onto the plane , and the secret service agents follow . 
 in a matter of minutes , air force one takes to the skies . 
 on board , president shepherd takes off his coat and sits down in his favorite leather chair . 
 his advisor approaches him and asks , `` how did it go ? '' 
 `` it went well ... i issued a formal apology for the security breach at our government lab . 
 i told nikolai we 're giving up our search for hutchins and will be pulling our troops out of georgia within the hour . '' 
 the advisor smiles from ear to ear , then says , `` sir , the young lady 's still in the back . '' 
 `` still sleeping ? '' 
 `` no , she 's playing cards with an agent . '' 
 `` not ernie , is it ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 it is . '' 
 `` well , i hope she beats him . 
 he took me for $ 200 on the last flight . '' 
 they both smile . 
 president shepherd then calls the pilot on the intercom and says , `` jim , check your monitor . '' 
 jim says , `` it shows a new flight plan , sir . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 we 've got a stop to make before we head home ... have to pick something up in georgia . '' 
 back in rustavi , georgia . 
 all the choppers have landed , occupying every rooftop in the vicinity . 
 suddenly , all the american helicopters simultaneously fire up their engines . 
 this surprises the russian pilots , prompting them to start their engines . 
 hearing the engines roaring , soldiers on the rooftops grasp their rifles tighter , and troops in the streets nervously look to the skies , knowing something 's about to happen . 
 as the u.s. helicopters take off , a russian pilot radios his command center and says , `` the americans are leaving . '' 
 the u.s. soldiers on the rooftops begin to head for the hatches and climb down . 
 just as quickly , the u.s. ground troops start to vacate the streets . 
 as the americans evacuate the area , the russian soldiers look at each other , bewildered . 
 back at the russian command center , the lieutenant is still watching the helmet cam 's live footage of the civilian being guarded by the u.s. soldiers inside the building . 
 he wonders why the americans are suddenly leaving the surrounding area . 
 then , the unthinkable happens . 
 the two u.s. soldiers guarding the civilian just walk out of the room , leaving him alone with the baffled russian soldier . 
 the civilian is trying to talk , but the handkerchief in his mouth muffles his words . 
 the russian soldier walks towards him , looking back towards the door to see if it 's a trick . 
 the man is urgently trying to talk , with growing fear in his eyes . 
 knowing he 's the one that 'll receive the accolades for this , the russian soldier says confidently in english , `` you should be afraid , '' as he reaches behind the man 's head and pulls off the handkerchief . 
 still on his knees , the captive looks up at the soldier . 
 the helmet cam streams his frightened expression back to the russian command center , and the russian lieutenant smiles . 
 the man 's wrists still tied behind his back , he struggles to his feet and rapidly begins to speak , but not in english . 
 he 's speaking in russian . 
 dumbstruck , the russian soldier pushes him against the wall and shouts , `` state your name ! '' 
 the frightened man stutters , `` igor romanov ... i 'm sorry . 
 they said i look like him , '' as he starts crying . 
 he tries to embrace the soldier , thankful for his rescue , but the soldier shoves him off , obviously incensed . 
 watching the scene unfold from the russian command center , the lieutenant slams his hand on the desk in fury and swears , `` der 'm o ! '' 
 meanwhile , leaving russian airspace . 
 aboard air force one , president shepherd watches a news broadcast on a t.v. monitor . 
 the anchor says , `` this is gloria sandburg for wbc nightly news . 
 we have some good news to report out of boston today . 
 the renowned alzheimer 's institute of boston has announced that all of the forty-one patients who were given the drug m-somax are showing noticeable improvements , after receiving only the second dose . 
 as expected , some patients are showing more improvement than others , but they say that , all in all , it 's going very well . 
 we 'll keep you updated on this developing story . 
 `` now , we 're going to take you live to carolyn croft in darfur , africa , where has been a significant change with the deadly virus there ... carolyn what do you have for us ? '' 
 `` thank you , gloria . 
 this is carolyn croft reporting here in darfur where in just the last two days the deadly janjuweed virus has begun to extinguish itself , apparently due to a lack of hosts . 
 physicians here believe that their successful evacuation of the healthy janjuweed away from the infected patients played a critical role in eradicating the virus . 
 doctors have confirmed that the disease is an airborne virus , but they say that without a host , the disease dies out rather quickly . 
 officials say the virus should be completely contained in just a few more days . 
 we do n't know the exact death toll of this virus , but one thing is for certain . 
 there 've been no reported slayings here in darfur since this outbreak began , approximately one month ago . 
 many tribes who 've been terrorized for years by the janjuweed are feeling safer , at least for the time being . 
 we can only hope that this reprieve lasts indefinitely . 
 reporting from darfur , carolyn croft , wbc news . '' 
 the anchor , gloria , says , `` thanks , carolyn . 
 that 's good news for the people of darfur . '' 
 as the broadcast ends , president shepherd sighs with relief . 
 his tiger island is working , and alzheimer 's is being cured . 
 the darfur virus is subsiding , along with the genocide there ... reclining in his chair aboard air force one , he welcomes the first bit of peace he 's felt in weeks . 
 a couple hours later . 
 an airport runway in georgia . 
 air force one has landed in georgia for a brief stopover before heading back to the states . 
 president shepherd 's senior advisor says to him , `` sir , we have the package . 
 we 'll be taking off shortly . 
 do you want to go out and stretch your legs ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm good here . 
 i 'm going to watch this footage coming up of tiger island . 
 have you watched any of it yet ? '' 
 `` yep , ca n't get enough of it , sir . '' 
 `` let 's all watch ... bring him over . '' 
 a man dressed like a secret service agent , in a black suit and sunglasses , sits down near the president . 
 before he has a chance to say anything , another news program begins to air on the screen . 
 they all grow quiet and watch intently . 
 the wbc news anchor says , `` this is connie andrews with wbc news . 
 everyone has been talking about this amazing footage from tiger island . 
 i 'm not going to waste your time trying to build it up . 
 it 's a three-minute clip , which we 'll show in its entirety . 
 let 's roll the tape . '' 
 the footage shows a bengal tiger and two cubs walking through some foliage where the forest line meets the sandy beach . 
 detecting a strange scent , the mother is on high alert , scanning her surroundings for anything that moves . 
 using the forest as cover , she and her cubs walk parallel to the beach . 
 the mother abruptly stops , and her male cub , not paying attention , runs into her hind leg . 
 she sees what her nose told her five minutes earlier : a deer walking carefree along the water 's edge . 
 this is something she 's never seen before , and she stares longer than usual at the strange sight . 
 she 's very hungry and knows her cubs are too , making this kill imperative . 
 she has raised only one cub to adulthood and has endured watching all of her others perish . 
 seeing that the prey is larger than she 's accustomed to , she takes a moment to orchestrate a strategy . 
 staying in the cover of the foliage , she puts her head down and begins to trek again , prompting her cubs to do the same . 
 she keeps her head down and her eyes on the deer , slowly clearing a path as she walks . 
 passing a brief opening in the foliage , the cubs slow down to see what it is their mother is stalking . 
 their curiosity quickly turns to fear when they see the creature . 
 they 've never seen their mother take on anything this large . 
 they nervously quicken their pace to catch up to her . 
 the mother stops without warning , expecting a cub or two to crash into her leg , but they do n't . 
 she has strategically placed herself across from the buck , who is between her and the water . 
 the buck continues along the surf 's edge , oblivious to the tiger 's presence . 
 the cubs feel their mother 's intensity and look nervously at the large creature she 's about to chase . 
 they instinctively know that if their mother gets wounded and is unable to hunt , all of their lives will be cut short . 
 suddenly , the mother breaches the foliage and begins to softly creep across the sand towards her unsuspecting target . 
 without any twigs snapping or leaves crackling under her paws , cushioned by the soft sand , she stealthily approaches her prey . 
 the cubs stand motionless , watching intently . 
 the deer stops abruptly when it smells an unfamiliar scent . 
 it turns and sees the tiger . 
 gripped with fear , the deer freezes a moment , staring into the tiger 's eyes . 
 then , the deer bolts and the chase begins . 
 fueled by adrenaline , both animals quickly reach full stride . 
 the creature is faster than she thought , but she realizes that the closer she is to the water 's edge , the harder the surface , and the faster she can run . 
 her talons dig nicely into the compacted sand , giving her a speed she has never felt before . 
 she starts to close the distance between them , and the deer senses it . 
 each of them pushes for that extra something that will tilt the scale in their favor . 
 sensing that the tiger is within striking distance , the buck takes the only option it has and begins to cut slightly into the water . 
 the tiger follows , as they both kick up water . 
 the tiger knows she has but a moment left at this speed , and she makes an all or nothing move . 
 she pours everything into her last few strides and swipes at the buck 's hind leg . 
 her paw makes contact , and the buck begins to tumble , just as a huge wave crashes into both of them . 
 the ocean swallows them up , and they 're both submerged . 
 the cubs watch in fear , staring at the water where their mother went under , as another wave crashes over . 
 the cubs tentatively move closer , desperately scanning the water . 
 after a moment , she emerges , grasping the lifeless buck in her mouth . 
 she begins to drag the heavy creature to shore , as her cubs excitedly run down the beach towards her . 
 the cubs reach the water 's edge , as small waves splash over their paws . 
 the female cub ca n't wait any longer . 
 she walks fearlessly into the water and swims several feet out . 
 she climbs onto the deer 's body , and her brother quickly follows suit . 
 the mother continues to drag it , seemingly unperturbed by the extra weight . 
 the video cuts away and returns to the news anchor in the studio . 
 she says , `` that was spectacular . 
 i hope you enjoyed that latest footage from tiger island . 
 as we sign off , we 'll leave you with more amazing footage . '' 
 just before the program ends , the screen shows a tiger running down the beach near the shore , with a beautiful sunset in the background . 
 back aboard air force one , the men watching the t.v. monitor are captivated by what they 've seen . 
 one of the men is particularly mesmerized . 
 he sees something on the screen that sends his mind racing in several directions : a tiger running along the ocean 's edge , with waves rolling over its paws . 
 it 's the same image from his recurring childhood dream . 
 he gazes at the screen , hypnotized , not noticing that president shepherd is staring at him . 
 after a moment , he turns to the president and says , `` i guess i 'm under arrest . '' 
 president shepherd says , `` i have n't decided yet ... you 're too dangerous to walk free and too smart for us to lock up . 
 it 'd be a waste not to use your talents . '' 
 `` so i 'm on probation ? '' 
 `` until we land , at least , '' shepherd says , smiling . 
 `` you 've been busy , mr. president . 
 not easy to get an island full of tigers , is it ? '' 
 shepherd smirks and says , `` not easy to escape a nation you 've threatened , is it ? 
 you know ... the next time you need a fast getaway , you 'll have to find your own ride . '' 
 `` i 'll remember that . '' 
 `` you certainly have jacques bousquet in your corner . 
 he seemed to think you were worth saving . 
 he wants to speak to you . '' 
 shepherd uses the remote to turn the monitor to another channel . 
 the screen changes to skype , and after a moment , jacques bousquet appears on the monitor . 
 shepherd says , `` good evening , jacques . 
 we 're aboard air force one and we have mr. hutchins . '' 
 with tears in his eyes , jacques says , `` bonjour , timothy . '' 
 `` bonjour , jacques . 
 i did n't think you 'd be this happy to see me . '' 
 jacques smiles and says intently , `` sophie opened her eyes for a moment , but then slipped back into a coma . 
 the situation is still quite precarious , but at least she 's breathing on her own . '' 
 `` that 's good news , jacques . '' 
 shepherd interjects , `` that 's great . 
 when did this happen ? '' 
 `` this morning ... we are hopeful . '' 
 `` what 's her cd4 level ... if you know ? '' 
 asks timothy . 
 jacques smiles and says `` i do n't really know . 
 this is your drug , timothy . 
 perhaps we could talk the commander in chief into allowing you to come out here so you can run some tests . '' 
 shepherd furrows his brow and says , `` that 's all under consideration . 
 we were just discussing his future ... or lack thereof . '' 
 they all smile . 
 shepherd continues , `` of course , we 'll do whatever we can for sophie , jacques . 
 but right now , mr. hutchins has a lot on his plate . 
 he 's on at least two lists nobody ever wants to be on , the ` no fly list ' and the ` ten most wanted list . ' 
 i 've got four agencies waiting to question him back home , starting with the cia . '' 
 jacques says solemnly , `` i understand , michael . '' 
 he pauses , then says , `` sophie 's physicians do have many questions for timothy , so please let me know how we may put them in contact . '' 
 `` i wo n't let you down , jacques , '' shepherd replies . 
 jacques continues , `` timothy , i do n't know how much time , if any , you have given sophie , but every day that she 's still alive is a gift . 
 i must go now , but we 'll talk later . 
 au revoir . '' 
 timothy and shepherd both bid him goodbye , as the screen goes blank . 
 timothy 's mind is racing in two directions . 
 he 's thinking about sophie and wishing he had access to her blood work . 
 he 's also thinking about the footage he just watched of the tiger running down the beach . 
 he thinks that image has haunted my dreams since i was a child . 
 then he realizes , not haunted ... guided . 
 shepherd interrupts his thoughts and says , `` there 's a woman on board you may be interested in seeing . '' 
 timothy abruptly stands up and asks , `` my mom 's on board ? '' 
 shepherd laughs hard and says , `` oh boy , you have a lot to learn . 
 not your mom ... another young lady who 's been of some assistance to us . '' 
 the curtain at the end of the plane suddenly opens and maggie emerges from behind it . 
 completely stunned , timothy stares at her , his heart pounding rapidly . 
 she smiles widely and walks towards him . 
 he meets her halfway and embraces her . 
 after a moment , he asks , `` so you got my messages ? '' 
 she nods her head yes . 
 `` good ... but what are you doing on air force one with the president ? '' 
 before she can answer , shepherd says , `` the only way she would tell us where you were is if we brought her along . '' 
 he then looks at maggie and says , `` by the way , young lady , it 's illegal to blackmail the president . '' 
 `` sorry about that , mr. president . 
 i was worried about what you 'd do to him . '' 
 `` and ... how were you planning on stopping us ? '' 
 `` i had n't quite worked that part out yet . '' 
 timothy 's mind is reeling . 
 his thoughts are jumping from the tiger on the beach , maggie here on the plane , sophie 's eyes opening , and her cd4 count ... he turns to shepherd and says , `` i 'm sophie 's best chance . 
 you have to find a way to get me to paris . '' 
 before shepherd can answer , maggie says , `` paris ... i 've always wanted to go . 
 i 'd love to see the lights sparkling on the eiffel tower . '' 
 shepherd interjects , `` wait a minute , you two . 
 put your berets away . 
 nobody 's going to france . 
 you 're only going one place now , and that 's home to face the music . '' 
 timothy turns to maggie and says , `` someday . '' 
 president shepherd walks over to a tray , pours himself some coffee , and says , `` now ... we 've got a long flight home . 
 let 's enjoy it . '' 
 he sits back down in his leather chair and puts his feet up on the table . 
 he says , `` let me tell you a story about my grandpa at the farmer 's auction . '' 
 his senior advisor says , `` bait and switch story , sir ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 as shepherd begins his story , timothy and maggie are holding hands , staring at one another , lost in their own world . 
 out of the corner of her eye , maggie notices the majestic sunset outside . 
 she turns to look out the window and says , `` beautiful . '' 
 timothy pulls her back to face him . 
 the setting sun is bathing the entire cabin in a red and orange hue . 
 he gazes into maggie 's large , green eyes . 
 `` radiant , '' he whispers . 
 the end brilliant minds can change the world . 
 forward thinking scientists and researchers have made discoveries which have shaped and altered the course of human history . 
 timothy hutchins is one such individual , whose brilliance knows no limits . 
 even at a young age , he knew his scientific research would have a far-reaching impact . 
 in his quest to solve some of the world 's medical mysteries , timothy sought to remain under the radar . 
 however , when his experimental drug shows incredible results , and a prominent world leader becomes closely involved , timothy is thrust into the spotlight . 
 later , after his friend is brutally murdered , he is catapulted even further into an international arena and becomes torn between what he can do , and what he should do , with his ground-breaking discoveries . 
 actions will be set in motion , causing a ripple effect across the oceans and touching lives in all corners of the globe . 
