 greenegauge a ya novel by jago piran smashwords edition , 2015 this is a work of fiction in which names , characters , places and incidents are products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to real persons , places , or events is completely coincidental . 
 chapter one there was no way they could ignore the noises of the row which rose and fell through the solid wooden door of their father 's office . 
 though they could not hear distinctly all the words , will and harry greene could tell that alan greene was attempting to be placatory . 
 it was his business partner , jonas stone , whose temper was flaring . 
 some of the adjectives he was using were clear enough : they were not the sort of words will or harry would use in front of their grandparents . 
 the brothers had just arrived home from castlemead college , the small but prestigious school in dorset where they boarded . 
 they had been picked up from the station by bruce mcintyre , their father 's fixer -- part butler , part steward , all friend -- who had rapidly become invaluable to alan greene after the death of greene 's wife , the boys ' mother , a few years previously . 
 he had helped them with their luggage , joking about the smell that leaked out of harry 's sports bag -- `` och , how i 've missed the sweet scent o ' your trainers . 
 get that window down , will ! '' 
 -- and , as the car pulled out into the busy traffic on the ring road , he demanded their news , glancing sideways at will and observing harry in the rear-view mirror , and stroking his luxuriant red moustaches all the time . 
 harry was characteristically enthusiastic about his cricketing exploits and refrained from exaggerating too much . 
 will was modest about his examination prospects , though he knew he 'd done enough work for them and secretly expected to do well . 
 they chatted animatedly during the ten minute drive from the city centre up the hill and into clifton village . 
 the car purred across the downs and slipped on to the ramp that carried it into the underground garage beneath the greene family home , prospect house . 
 there were several vehicles parked in the cavernous space . 
 one , however , caught will 's eye . 
 it was a dark blue bentley continental gt -lrb- the 4.2 v8 -rrb- . 
 `` uncle jonas here ? '' 
 he asked casually . 
 `` aye , he is . '' 
 the reply from mac was guarded . 
 `` how are things between them ? '' 
 `` och , the man 's becoming a menace . 
 the sooner your father 's shot o ' him the better . '' 
 the relationship between stone and greene had become strained over the last few months . 
 there was no hiding the fact from the boys . 
 the two men had been in partnership for years . 
 they had headed an extremely successful business , investing vast sums for mainly corporate clients . 
 now , alan greene wanted to dissolve the partnership in order to pursue other interests . 
 evidently , jonas was not impressed with the plan . 
 the door of the office opened suddenly . 
 stone strode out shouting over his shoulder , `` it 's madness , alan . 
 no matter how you dress it up . 
 you will regret it ; that i promise you . '' 
 `` hello , uncle jonas , '' will said . 
 he was not really the boys ' uncle ; but he had known them all their lives . 
 `` yeah , whatever ! '' 
 he snarled as he passed , flicking his blond fringe away from his eyes with a hand . 
 both boys were taken aback . 
 never before had stone spoken to them like that . 
 will was about to object , when mac warned him with a look . 
 mac accompanied stone down the broad flight of stairs to the landing below where he stepped into the lift which would take him to the basement garage . 
 a slightly weary alan greene appeared in the doorway , a sad look on his face . 
 he caught sight of his sons who were regarding him awkwardly . 
 a smile transformed his face . 
 he had not seen the boys for a fortnight . 
 now , he welcomed them , spreading his arms wide to embrace each in turn . 
 `` come in , come in , '' he said warmly . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 jonas and i are having a bit of a disagreement . 
 business , you know ? '' 
 he ushered them into the bright office which took up much of the top floor of the impressive georgian block which was prospect house . 
 the house stood on several floors , most of it given over to large high living space , which had been tastefully furnished by corinne greene , greene 's late wife . 
 the lower floors housed four apartments , two ostensibly for guests -lrb- though greene had done little entertaining recently -rrb- ; and one each for mac and the housekeeper , mrs emery . 
 will and harry took in the familiar view of brunel 's suspension bridge through the floor-to-ceiling windows along one wall . 
 the rest of the office was sparsely furnished -- a large desk surrounded by a clutch of chairs at one end , and a conference table , strewn with papers , at the other . 
 greene liked to have room to pace . 
 there was an air of expectation in the room . 
 at their last meeting , two weeks ago , when their father had driven to castlemead to take his sons to lunch , alan greene had told them that he had decided on a new business venture , one that he felt was of great importance . 
 he told them that his offer to jonas stone to join him had been rejected and he was looking for new partners . 
 while they waited for mrs emery to bring in tea , harry recounted details of the final match of the term , trying not to sound too boastful , though he had taken four wickets and hit the winning runs . 
 `` a cover drive , right out of the meat , '' he said . 
 `` four runs . 
 thank you very much . '' 
 he mimed the shot for his father 's benefit , smashing the imaginary ball through the window . 
 alan greene smiled again . 
 mrs emery left the room . 
 will , at sixteen , two years older than harry , had been curious about their father 's intimation that the future of greenestone , the company he and jonas had run so successfully , was in doubt . 
 in truth , will was worried . 
 the death of his mother had had a profound effect on him . 
 unsurprisingly . 
 all the certainties of his life had been suddenly shattered and , while he was not averse to change , he viewed the prospect with some caution . 
 alan greene was well aware of this . 
 he was pleased to have provided so well for his family , but had always been alive to the fact that the children of very wealthy individuals can occasionally go off the rails -- sometimes spectacularly . 
 as he regarded his sons -- will as tall as he was ; harry an inch shorter -- he felt proud that they had -lrb- so far -rrb- turned out to be so level-headed . 
 he knew from their housemaster that they were applying themselves to their schoolwork , that they threw themselves into the activities and sports available at castlemead and that they appeared to have adjusted to the tragedy that had befallen the family six years earlier . 
 after the loss of his wife he had flung himself into his work , taking millions of pounds for clients and turning them into billions . 
 it was only recently that he had realised that the manner of corinne greene 's death had lodged the kernel of the idea in his mind which had led him to the final angry meeting with jonas stone . 
 in the last month , he and stone had signed the papers that signalled the financial divorce between them . 
 the idea that had been half formed in his mind had crystallised and now he could not understand why it had not occurred to him sooner . 
 an unaccustomed nervousness threatened to overwhelm him as the time approached for him to share his proposal with harry and will . 
 *** he had planned to give the boys time to settle in , perhaps leave it until the next day to discuss matters with them . 
 however , the altercation with jonas stone seemed as good a starting point as any . 
 inviting his sons to sit at the desk , he perched on the edge of a chair next to them and began . 
 `` as you know , things have changed . 
 you will not have failed to realise that greenestone management has been in a period of flux . 
 this was due to a reassessment of my strategic aims and my rationalisation of core objectives . 
 i have repositioned my line of approach and ... '' greene broke off as he perceived the looks on his sons ' faces . 
 `` yeah , dad . 
 like we know what all that means , '' said harry , with a gallic shrug he had inherited from his mother . 
 `` sixteen . '' 
 will pointed to his own chest , paused , and went on : `` fourteen , '' pointing at harry . 
 he pointed at his father and said , cheekily , `` knocking fifty . 
 no more boardroom-speak . '' 
 `` bored-room , more like , '' harry chipped in with a smirk . 
 greene smiled , realising this pitch was not to faceless suits in the city of london . 
 `` sorry , guys , '' he said . 
 `` just tell us , simply , what you want to do . '' 
 alan greene took a deep breath . 
 `` i want to save the world ; and i want your help . '' 
 silence . 
 greene realised that he should really have eased them into this , rather than drop such an outlandish remark into the conversation . 
 hastily he said , `` it 's okay , boys . 
 i 've not gone mad . 
 i have n't taken leave of my senses and i have n't joined a cult . 
 `` answer me a question . '' 
 he looked levelly at his sons . 
 `` what 's the biggest threat to humanity and planet earth ? '' 
 `` terrorism ? '' 
 ventured harry . 
 `` no , '' will intervened . 
 `` it 's the climate . 
 global warming . '' 
 `` bingo ! '' 
 said greene . 
 `` so you want to stop global warming ? '' 
 asked will , cautiously . 
 `` no can do , '' said greene with a resigned shrug . 
 `` i 've had access to all the current data ; i 've spoken to scientists across the world . 
 i 've even had access to classified data that 's being suppressed for fear of causing panic . 
 there 's not a lot we can do to prevent a significant rise in the temperature of the planet ; it 's going to happen regardless of anything we do now . '' 
 he looked down briefly . 
 `` it killed your mother . 
 `` the earth 's climate is changing ; but it wo n't be like that film -- day after tomorrow ? 
 -- where everything happens hollywood-style : high-octane , fast-paced glamour . 
 it 'll be slow and painful ; there 'll be greed and hoarding . 
 nations will rush for resources that suddenly become economically viable . 
 the russians are , as we speak , staking their claim for the floor of the arctic ocean . 
 they 've sent a submarine to plant a flag ! 
 i kid you not . 
 `` but , '' he continued , swiftly , `` there are certain measures we can take to reduce the overall impact of the disaster . 
 by ` we ' , i mean the nations of the world . '' 
 will interrupted : `` you 've said before that no one is doing a thing worth doing . '' 
 `` and i 'm right , '' his father continued . 
 `` but i am also to blame . 
 and you 're to blame and you 're to blame . '' 
 he pointed at his sons . 
 `` oh , i just mean people , generally . 
 look : why should we , in the developed world -- europe , north america and so on -- make any concessions ? 
 we do the things that are easy enough : we recycle '' -- he placed air-speech marks around the word `` recycle '' , using the first two fingers of each hand -- `` we recycle our waste . 
 the council tells us to put our food in one bin , our cardboard in another , out glass in yet another . 
 if they are seen to be doing this , they get their funding from central government . 
 then they put it all in one hole in the ground . 
 `` and this is happening all over the world . 
 all the major nations of the earth are pretending to do something . 
 you 're too young to remember the kyoto treaty , but some years ago nearly the whole planet signed an agreement about greenhouse gases . 
 all but the usa . 
 that sort of undermined the whole point . 
 it 's like the chinese , now . 
 they want an industrial boom ; it 's difficult to argue when one sixth of the planet decide it 's their turn to do what the rest of us have been doing for a hundred years -- buying cars , and things for our homes ; flying abroad for a holiday ; eating whenever , out of season -- it does n't matter , as long as it 's convenient . '' 
 `` so if you ca n't stop it , what are you going to do ? '' 
 harry needed a straightforward answer . 
 `` i 'm going to do business in a completely different way . 
 i 've got the financial clout of a small country and , with my backers , i reckon i can make a real difference in the world of business . 
 from now on , all the investments i make will be ethically sound . 
 nothing i do will adversely affect the planet . 
 `` that 's where you two come in . 
 i 've been in the wrong business mind-set for too long to change quickly . 
 however , speed of change is essential if my little plan is to work . 
 i need your input . 
 you two are of the generation which will make the most important decisions regarding global warming and our response to it . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 asked harry . 
 `` well , how much do you know of global warming ? '' 
 `` it 's a serious threat to the planet , to all our lives and , if we do n't do something about it , it 'll be disastrous . '' 
 he trotted out the doom-mongers ' mantra in a woe-is-me voice . 
 `` what do we need to do about it ? '' 
 `` be greener ? '' 
 harry replied , vaguely . 
 `` yes . 
 how , for instance ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ... '' he cast around for an answer . 
 `` use less power ; not so much petrol . '' 
 `` that would work , '' said his father encouragingly . 
 `` but give me a real example of how you would use less petrol . '' 
 harry looked blank . 
 `` how else could you have got home from the station this afternoon ? '' 
 prompted greene . 
 `` bus , '' said harry , as the penny dropped . 
 his elder brother entered the discussion . 
 `` you , on a bus ? 
 that , i 'd like to see . 
 you need all your comforts and someone to help lug your bags about . '' 
 `` i 'm perfectly prepared to get on a bus , '' harry maintained , somewhat haughtily . 
 `` when was the last time ? '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` the question was for you . '' 
 alan green raised his open hands in a appeasing gesture . 
 there was a wry smile on his face . 
 `` boys ! 
 calm . 
 look at what just happened . 
 it 's just like the international discussions . 
 nation blames nation and it degenerates into a slanging match . 
 `` now , if you are quite finished squabbling over the way in which the world should be saved , i 'd like us to set about actually doing something . 
 `` come and sit over here , '' he said , indicating the massive conference table which stood at the other end of the room . 
 the irony crossed his mind that his campaign for greener business was to start at a $ 30,000 mahogany table which had required the logging of three majestic trees , each over 200 years old , simply for the three broad planks which made up its polished surface . 
 he flipped up the lid of his laptop , pressing a button on a small remote-control device , as he did so . 
 the computer hummed to life ; the panoramic windows , which overlooked brunel 's masterpiece of engineering , became opaque , then dark , then light . 
 a message appeared on what had now become a large screen -- suriname : a greenegauge . 
 chapter two `` sorry about the pun , '' alan green said , slightly sheepishly , as he adjusted the laptop on his desk . 
 `` i had one of my researchers run this up ; he was obviously trying to impress the big boss . '' 
 will and harry slid into upright chairs and watched the presentation unfold . 
 as the title dissolved , a shot from a helicopter faded in . 
 thousands of acres of virgin rainforest rolled beneath the camera . 
 frankly , it could have been any of the millions of acres of verdant jungle across the equatorial belt which surrounded the globe but , knowing their father 's fondness for accuracy , the boys assumed they were looking at footage of suriname -- wherever that may be ; neither had heard of such a place . 
 green and blue filled the screen as trance music emanated from the speakers which the interior designers had hidden in the walls . 
 the narration began : south-west of the caribbean , a gem of a land , an unknown nugget of biodiversity , lies peacefully , waiting to be recognised for the jewel it is . 
 suriname . 
 both boys recognised the narrator 's familiar voice -- gravel soused in treacle -- from the harry potter talking books he had read to them so many times . 
 the `` r '' at the end of the first syllable of `` suriname '' left his mouth from the back , french style -- a soft roll ; the third syllable stretched the `` a '' out so that it rhymed with `` palm '' ; each of the three syllables was given equal weighting , again , as a french speaker would pronounce them : sur-i-narm . 
 the narration continued over a montage showing images of the country and its people : everyone 's heard of the south american giants : brazil , argentina , bolivia , peru . 
 but , tucked away in the north , between guyana and french guiana , lies the republic of suriname , perched just above the equator . 
 fewer than half a million people live in suriname ; about seven for every square mile . 
 compare that with the uk 's sixty million inhabitants . 
 that 's 640 per square mile . 
 at sixty-three thousand square miles , it is only two thirds the size of the united kingdom . 
 the vast majority of the population lives in a thin coastal strip in the north which is washed by the warm waters that drift east from the caribbean . 
 the presentation showed images of the capital , paramaribo , from the slightly shabby , faded glory of dutch colonisation , to the vibrant dockland area with beautiful fishing boats shimmering across a travel-brochure estuary . 
 just imagine england populated from the west as far as plymouth . 
 the only inhabited area is cornwall . 
 the rest ... virgin rainforest , for the most part , unexplored . 
 that 's a lot of jungle . 
 most of suriname is unknown -- genuine terra incognito . 
 at the start of the twenty-first century . 
 a fascinating prospect . 
 dreamy pan pipes with an echo enhancement emanated from the speakers now , as images of exotic flora and fauna , all as beautifully filmed as those in a bbc nature documentary , flitted across the screen . 
 there was no need for commentary : the boys and their father sat entranced by the shapes , colours and movements of nature . 
 amongst the lush foliage were flowers , huge and colourful , competing for attention ; botanical structures which defied the imagination : a lily pad across which a man might walk ; trees which towered hundreds of feet skywards ; grasses growing so densely and tall that they formed an impenetrable barrier . 
 cameras had sought out the reticent and the shy , jungle residents who , for one reason or another , would prefer not to be observed . 
 a flat brown shapeless leaf -- one amongst hundreds on the forest floor -- suddenly metamorphosed into a toad which loped away ; a streak of gold and black muscle rippled in a patch of sunlight as a jaguar sashayed through the undergrowth ; the sudden contrast , as an improbably constructed armadillo bumbled into shot . 
 it was a hypnotically assembled sequence which held the viewers ' attention entirely . 
 it ended with a close-up shot of what was clearly a frog , but of a type which neither of the boys had seen before . 
 in fact , it looked as though it had been painted . 
 across its shiny black skin where fluorescent purple markings which ringed its body . 
 the effect was that of some exotic dancer using reflective makeup to catch the strobes in a club . 
 alan greene pressed a button on his remote control and stilled the picture . 
 `` a year ago , '' he said , simply , `` that frog did n't exist , as far as the outside world was concerned . '' 
 he casually flipped a copy of the daily telegraph on to the table top where it slid to a halt . 
 it was already folded open at page five . 
 there , next to a colour photograph of the day-glow frog -lrb- or its cousin -rrb- , was the headline : ` extraordinary ' number of species discovered . 
 `` heard of suriname ? '' 
 the boys looked blank . 
 `` no reason for you to have heard of it . 
 it 's a small south american country with only a few notable resources . 
 as the video said , it 's mostly jungle . '' 
 greene senior paused . 
 `` and mostly unexplored . 
 `` a few weeks ago , i read the article in the paper , there . 
 i was shocked . 
 i thought it was a bit of green activist myth that there must be large numbers of species -- plant , as well as animal -- out there to be discovered in the great rainforests of the amazon . 
 you 've heard how the story goes : do n't cut down the rainforests , the lungs of the earth ; they may contain a cure for cancer ; blah , blah , blah . '' 
 the looks from his sons confirmed they were familiar with the line taken out by those their father had always referred to as `` the muesli and sandal brigade '' . 
 greene flipped a small heap of papers on to the polished surface . 
 will and harry leafed through them . 
 the times , from just a few months previously , carried a story about ballistic-tongued salamanders and hugely intricate flowers new to science , discovered in costa rica . 
 there was an account in the independent of how researchers in borneo were almost tripping over new finds . 
 and the guardian reported the bizarre existence , in tanzania , of a shrew the size of cat , related to elephants and aardvarks . 
 `` that 's the shrew , not the cat , '' will pointed out helpfully to harry . 
 while the boys read the stories -- all from the last year -- their father clicked on a few bookmarked web pages on his laptop . 
 he drew their attention to a series of articles on respected scientific websites which reported diverse finds from around the world : a new squid in the indian ocean ; a mountain-dwelling monkey in central africa ; frogs , butterflies and plants in new guinea ; ten new species of venezuelan fish ; a jellyfish without tentacles that inhabits the dark depths of the ocean trenches . 
 greene paused . 
 `` this is only the beginning of the story . 
 the more you look , the more remarkable finds come to light . 
 these places are the last wildernesses on earth . 
 many of them happen to be home to the planet 's great rainforests . 
 they are remote and , often , unregulated . 
 unseen destruction goes on daily by people who should know better . 
 people like me . '' 
 `` bit harsh , '' will observed . 
 `` but ultimately , who 's responsible for the logging ? 
 who puts the strip-mining operation in and abandons the site when they 've got what they want ? 
 who takes advantage of the locals ? 
 it 's business . 
 pure and simple . '' 
 `` so what 's the next step ? 
 how far have you got with these plans ? '' 
 will was curious because he sensed that he and his brother were going to be used as more than just sounding boards by their father . 
 `` my very next business proposition just happens to be right in the heart of suriname . 
 so , instead of relying on reports which take no account of the life -- human , animal and plant -- that thrives in the area , i 'm going there to see for myself . 
 fancy tagging along ? 
 it might be interesting . 
 and a fresh pair of eyes or two might make all the difference . '' 
 *** the prospect of the trip affected the brothers in different ways . 
 will , who had always been open to new ideas and was naturally curious about the world around him , spent hours researching suriname . 
 if there were sights to be seen , he did n't want to miss out over a lack of planning . 
 harry , on the other hand , might have been perceived as lacking enthusiasm for what appeared to be a dream holiday . 
 the prospect of warm blue seas to surf and jet ski and the adventure of exploring the rainforest should have appealed to any young man . 
 and , in fact , harry was quite enthused by the idea . 
 it was just that going to south america and not seeing the giants of world football -- brazil and argentina , even colombia and uruguay -- seemed to harry to be perverse . 
 it was like visiting merseyside and going to see tranmere rovers when the liverpool v. everton derby was on . 
 not that merseyside was where he got his football fix from : he had been a true blue chelsea fan since before greene had moved his family from london the bristol . 
 they settled in with the thoughts of suriname and their father 's unusual offer occupying their minds both will and harry possessed state-of-the-art computers . 
 one of the major advantages of having alan greene as a father was that whenever he showed an interest in a company , the company happily sent him their latest products for appraisal . 
 the brothers were the envy of their friends who , although equipped with the best machines money could buy , could not match their versions which money could not yet buy . 
 both used the technology like professionals . 
 in doing so , of course , they were testing the latest advances and usually confirming their father 's instinct for progress : they , after all , were highly representative of the consumers of tomorrow . 
 harry spent a lot of time gaming -- online against remote opponents was his preferred option . 
 will enjoyed that , too , but was beginning to find it more and more satisfying to understand how the programming worked . 
 he was rapidly becoming intuitively aware of how software might be written to perform whatever task may be asked of it . 
 and , of course , like any teenagers , they used the myriad of functions and apps which were available and which they found made their lives richer and easier to organise . 
 while will was updating his entry on facebook , to include details of the proposed trip to suriname , harry was putting the final touches to the hi-top basketball boots he fancied . 
 he 'd seen his favourite movie star , will smith , wearing a pair in one of his films and been delighted when he checked the converse web site . 
 not only were the boots available , but he was invited to put together his own design and personalise them . 
 a few clicks and he had them just how he wanted them : lime green outside body colour ; pink , for the inside ; a yellow and black stripe for the tongue ; blood-red laces ; sidewall in white -- naturally ; a scarlet racing stripe ; and the legend , greeneboy -lrb- his nickname at school -rrb- , down the blue heel stripe . 
 he hit the return key with a flourish . 
 sixty bucks : bargain . 
 harry greene : taste bypass . 
 he was fourteen ; he was happy . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 will called over his shoulder from his computer screen . 
 `` you do n't need to go to brazil ; forget pele ; forget fabiano . 
 check out the surinamese footy guys . '' 
 harry ambled over as will flicked between web pages . 
 there was a very healthy smattering of world-class talent emanating from the south american country that neither boy had heard of two or three hours previously . 
 it seemed that suriname had been a dutch colony for much of the last 300 years and , as a result of the close ties between suriname and the netherlands since independence in 1975 , the dutch had welcomed such great players as frank rijkaard , ruud gulit and patrick kluivert into their clubs and national side . 
 harry found it difficult to believe that jimmy floyd hasselbaink and edgar davids , both ex-stalwarts of the english premiership , were from paramaribo , suriname 's capital . 
 ever heard of anyone from suriname ? 
 ever heard of suriname ? 
 now he was keen on the place . 
 `` and malouda , '' will pointed out , `` comes from french guyana , bang next door to suriname . '' 
 harry had pictures of the former chelsea winger on his bedroom wall and footage of his winner against liverpool in the fa cup final on his phone . 
 will shut down the pages that had got harry excited , as his younger brother wandered off to phone a friend about the greats that suriname had produced . 
 will still had things to do . 
 earlier in the evening , when he 'd announced his plans for the boys to join him in his quest for greener business , their father had elaborated on his particular interest in suriname . 
 he wanted to mine something called bauxite . 
 suriname possessed some of the world 's greatest reserves of this ore . 
 harry had not been particularly interested in what his father had to say ; will , however , had nodded sagely when the conversation had taken place . 
 it was entirely possible that his father would expect him to know what bauxite was . 
 some time invested on the internet would , therefore , be well spent . 
 will had a natural thirst for knowledge and www.whatever was a home from home for him . 
 the boys had been presented with a quite astonishing proposal by their father . 
 and the more they learned about the country neither had heard of before , the more intrigued they became . 
 they took themselves off to bed with spinning heads , little knowing what the next few weeks would hold for them . 
 chapter three the following morning , in a sliver of glass and steel 190 kilometres away and 120 metres off the ground , a soft beep announced the arrival of an email . 
 a notice slid discreetly up from the bottom of one of the huge computer monitors ranged around the desk to confirm this . 
 the man sitting in front of the screens moved his right hand within a crystal sphere the size of a small football which sat on the polished teak desktop . 
 it was an experimental device which replicated the precision of a computer mouse and added a tenfold field of options . 
 a skilled operator could carry out multiple operations within the light matrix generated by the sphere just by moving fingers . 
 the developer of the device -- code-named emanual -- even claimed that the qwerty keyboard 's days were numbered . 
 the man in the office at the top of the tallest building in britain revelled in new technology . 
 he flicked his wrist and the email opened on the screen before him . 
 the message read : flight plan for greene aircraft has been filed for tuesday evening , 21.30 , local time . 
 confirm destination : zanderij international airport , suriname , via jfk . 
 eta wednesday 10.15 , local . 
 there was no name at the bottom . 
 but the man recognised the email address -- one from a cloud-based server that would be impossible to trace . 
 it was from one of his secret assets . 
 his belief that information was power had rarely let him down during his stella business career ; and he had always been prepared to pay for it . 
 his `` assets '' , as he called them , were individuals in various locations throughout the world that -- for one reason or another -- he knew he could rely on to do his bidding and supply useful information . 
 some of them he paid . 
 and he paid well . 
 some of them owed him . 
 the sender of the e-mail was an administration officer at bristol international airport . 
 jonas stone was a man of middling height and of middling build . 
 he was pale of complexion and wore his blond hair swept back from his forehead . 
 his face , though a little gaunt , was saved from ordinariness by a pair of startlingly blue eyes . 
 they seemed to bore straight out of his skull , a pair sapphire lasers . 
 people meeting him for the first time often found themselves mesmerised . 
 stone had realised this at a very young age and had been utilising this genetic gift ever since . 
 it gave him an edge as a businessman . 
 stone 's mind turned to one of his other secret assets as his right hand flitted about inside the light matrix of the emanual pulling up files and web pages from a folder marked best-enjoyed-cold . 
 it was an extensive encrypted folder that could be accessed by nobody else in the world . 
 it contained stone 's plan to destroy alan greene . 
 it may seem irrational that a man who owed so much to alan greene could possibly contemplate hurting him . 
 and stone 's motives were , to the dispassionate observer , just that : irrational . 
 however , when a man 's net worth passes a certain figure , there is very little that may be done to dissuade him of what others might consider a foolish , an illogical -- even a self-destructive -- course of action . 
 jonas stone 's net worth had long ago exceeded the notional figure at which logic is sometimes replaced by arrogance . 
 that he owned extensive offices which sat just beneath the great pyramid roof of one of the world 's most distinctive business tower blocks at the centre of the city that dominated the world 's money markets , vouched for this . 
 stone had embraced the lifestyle greenestone had given him . 
 he simply loved it . 
 he had a collection of souvenirs from many of the company 's extravagant parties and social functions . 
 he loved to be centre of attention ; hated being ignored . 
 now , as he leafed through the files in b-e-c , he dwelled on an mpeg-4 which played back footage from a concert greenestone had staged for its once extensive staff . 
 sir mick jaggar pranced regally on stage in the background , while stone , himself , was pictured arm in arm with kylie minogue -lrb- he 'd even blagged a kiss ! -rrb- . 
 the point was , he was recognised , even by celeb royalty . 
 he was a recognised player : a success . 
 jonas stone was a name that the tabloid press enjoyed using -- he was a lad who 'd made good . 
 he was a bit of a bloke . 
 every area of life seemed to have its celebrities and he was a huge business celebrity . 
 bigger than the apprentice boss -- sugar , was it ? 
 way bigger than the dragons in the den . 
 in fact , stone often reflected , that beardy richard geezer with his balloons and space holidays ought to look out . 
 he spent his money in just the way anyone would if they had them -- cars , houses , parties , holidays , dangerous sports , exotic girlfriends . 
 he was universally admired . 
 his laddish antics were reported with fervour in the papers . 
 a scanned newspaper article caught his eye ; he opened it . 
 it was a report of one of his more extravagant antics . 
 one summer weekend he had hired brands hatch , the iconic racing circuit in kent , and invited a selection of clients to join him . 
 he had arranged for a number of the most desirable cars of the day to be available for the guests to play with . 
 there was a pair of aston martins , four of five porsches , a clutch of ferraris and several other examples of automotive exotica . 
 a younger stone stared from the picture on the screen , a smile on his face , a bottle of veuve clicquot in his hand , as he prepared to drive a scarlet lamborghini diablo , a 200 mph-plus wedge of supercar . 
 though the report attempted a tone of disapproval of the day 's sport , mingling as it did with drink , there was a noticeable hint of envy in the writing . 
 stone and his fellow racers were doing what every other young man in the country wanted to do . 
 by the end of the piece , the reporter seemed gleeful as he detailed the cost of the damage done to nearly two million pounds ' worth of cars . 
 stone smiled at the memory and at the report 's estimate of what it had cost greenestone : it had cost almost twice as much ; but had brought in close on half a billion in extra investment . 
 in one day . 
 that was the sort of legend stone was pleased to write for himself . 
 in a club as exclusive as the square mile , one had to be pretty special to create this kind of coverage . 
 that was what he lived for . 
 but , with the demise of greenestone , his name had , literally , been removed from the precincts of the city of london , the most powerful temple to mammon on the planet . 
 and it was a huge humiliation . 
 and he blamed alan greene . 
 stone gazed through the glass walls of his office across london . 
 he had risen above the common herd . 
 his success -- and he was successful in his own right -- was , nevertheless , coupled with that of greene . 
 and vice versa . 
 only now , it seemed , greene had no need for stone . 
 and that hurt . 
 on a business level , of course , jonas stone understood that greene had no real need any more for someone to bring in new investment . 
 greene 's share of greenestone was massive enough to have its own financial gravitational field : money attracts money . 
 stone understood greene could now fund any bizarre scheme he chose without having to raise capital from investors . 
 that had been stone 's forte . 
 and now he felt discarded . 
 it was really quite important to him that alan greene 's new venture fail . 
 stone knew all about the bauxite mining concern in suriname ; greene had laid it out before him : all the details , estimates of top lines , bottom lines , prospects for the future . 
 it had looked pretty good to stone , on paper . 
 however , he equally saw that in the deep interior of a country with relatively few regulations and even fewer officers to enforce those few regulations , it was a licence to flout all the rules in the pursuit of the greatest profit . 
 greene had costly ideas about restoring the rainforest to its original state . 
 a waste of good money , stone had thought ; there are millions of hectares of rainforest . 
 would the world really miss the odd couple of hundred ? 
 there were gaps in stone 's knowledge of the surinamese venture . 
 but , he felt , none large enough to prevent his ruining it . 
 of course , he was not going to dirty his own hands . 
 oh , no ! 
 he still had too much to lose . 
 he touched the tip of his forefinger to the tip of his thumb in the emanual and a file in b-e-c appeared on the electronic desk top . 
 a photograph marked the beginning of the file . 
 it showed the face and upper body of a man staring blankly into the lens . 
 he wore an orange jumpsuit . 
 behind him , the wall had been painted with a series of equally spaced horizontal lines -- 1.60 m , 1.70 m , 1.80 m , and so on . 
 the man in the picture stood a shade under two metres . 
 across the bottom of the image were the words , texas state penitentiary . 
 stone smiled coldly at the image and nodded to himself . 
 this was one of his most secret assets . 
 he was known to jonas stone as mw . 
 stone had gone to a lot of trouble to ensure that mw was no longer in residence at one of america 's infamous penal establishments . 
 he began to compose an email . 
 chapter four jonas stone was far from the minds of the greenes a couple of days later as they set off for suriname . 
 it was evening when they , together with mac , found themselves heading out across the severn estuary , the tinge of excitement that goes with air travel upon each of them . 
 gazing out of the starboard windows , they spotted the two severn crossings . 
 the slowly setting sun glinted off the superstructure of the nearer bridge , six kilometres to the north . 
 their passage through the airport had been straightforward ; a cursory nod from the security guard as he raised the red and white striped barrier and they swept across the tarmac to park at the foot of the steps which led up to the plane . 
 an official glanced at their passports , wished them well , and departed , as the steps were driven away and the pilot warmed up the engines and asked the tower 's permission to taxi to the main runway . 
 air travel was so much more pleasurable when one had one 's own aircraft . 
 this was the first real trip since alan greene 's new plane had been delivered . 
 he 'd made do , until recently , with a bombardier-learjet , but realised his plans would require a more substantial mobile base in the future . 
 buying a plane is just like buying anything else . 
 those with sense shop around and greene had done exactly that before deciding that boeing offered the right package . 
 the boeing business jet -- or bbj -- was based on the company 's successful 737 model and was available in various configurations . 
 all of which greene had thrown out . 
 the customer base for mid-sized private jets is , not surprisingly , quite small . 
 not only does it take north of $ 40,000,000 to buy an entry-level model , but it costs about $ 750,000 a year to run it . 
 all the companies that produce such executive transport research their target market -- oil-sheiks , billionaire ceos from around the world , stars of music , film and sport , all trying to show they are richer and classier than the others -- and tailor their interiors to suit . 
 there is a lot of marble , polished granite ; herds of leather , soft and dyed pastel shades ; deep , rich carpets ; lighting that complements the décor ; and , of course , state-of-the-art toys -- sound systems , computers , games consoles . 
 greene had particularly shunned the shiny , gold-tapped bathrooms in the models he 'd been shown . 
 some of the salespeople , unused to a lack of ostentation , were astonished when he instructed them to fit out the plane simply and functionally . 
 that was not to say it lacked comfort ; greene 's tastes ran to leather on his chairs and fine quality finishes . 
 there was a need for gadgets and gizmos ; but he saw no need to show off . 
 as he had put it , he was `` a businessman , not a bling-merchant '' . 
 his simply stated requirements were met perfectly by boeing -lrb- they would designate the resultant configuration the restraint -rrb- . 
 the sleek tube of the airframe had been divided into four main sections . 
 immediately to the rear of the flight-deck -lrb- the only non-negotiable section of the aircraft -rrb- was a compact galley where food could be prepared for delivery to passengers in the main cabin . 
 the cabin -- over 13 metres long and three and a half metres wide -- was intended as a multi-purpose living and working space . 
 one end contained an office with conference table and chairs , computers and communications facilities ; at the other end , were comfortable couches which converted to beds , and an entertainment centre . 
 beyond the cabin , a master bedroom provided the ultimate comfort for long-haul travel -- a full-sized double bed . 
 there was an adjacent shower room and lavatory . 
 plenty of room remained within the aircraft for storage . 
 it was difficult to believe that the great silver tube might accommodate 220 holiday-makers under different circumstances . 
 of course , with such a cargo , the aeroplane 's performance was restricted . 
 on this evening , it would be cruising at just over 1,000 kilometres per hour , at over 40,000 feet -- twelve and a half kilometres up . 
 despite the extended range of the boeing , it still had to fly via new york 's jfk for refuelling during the night . 
 after a light supper , brought to them by a flight attendant provided by the company that managed the aircraft , all four got their heads down for the night . 
 the boys awoke as the sun came up , streaming into the cabin , and illuminating the string of caribbean islands to the west -- guadeloupe , dominica , martinique . 
 a long way further south , were grenada and barbados -lrb- where the greenes had holidayed on more than one occasion -rrb- . 
 they were up and peering through the windows when their father entered the main cabin . 
 evidently , greene had left instructions , as the conference area had been laid for breakfast . 
 the flight attendant , smartly but simply dressed , emerged from the compact staff rest area below the galley , relayed the information from the pilot that they had just turned on to the south-easterly heading that would bring them on to their final approach to suriname ; their anticipated time of arrival was 10am , local time , three hours from now . 
 mac joined them as they sat down to eat . 
 there was a little good-hearted ribbing about being in a confined space with harry 's feet though , in truth , his new hi tops -- delivered by speed courier the previous morning -- were too new to harbour his own personal `` perfume '' , as he 'd put it . 
 and , in any case , he had left them at the far end of the cabin , just in case . 
 as they finished off scrambled eggs and toast , washing it down with coffee , their thoughts turned to the task ahead . 
 greene did n't wait for the breakfast things to be cleared away , merely pushing them aside as he opened his laptop . 
 `` you know what bauxite is ? '' 
 he asked , without preamble . 
 harry did n't ; will recalled it from his geography gcse course and his trawl on the internet . 
 `` it 's aluminium , is n't it ? '' 
 he said , casually . 
 `` it 's the ore that we extract aluminium from . 
 and aluminium is vital to modern life . 
 it 's all around us . '' 
 greene tapped the plastic moulding of the cabin wall with a finger . 
 `` behind this , the airframe is aluminium . 
 it 's light and strong . 
 motor cars are increasingly being built of aluminium : less weight , less fuel . 
 you two are n't paying for petrol yet . 
 just you wait ... '' he chuckled . 
 `` tin cans : '' he tossed a coke to each of his sons , `` aluminium ; tin foil : aluminium . 
 it 's used in the building industry ; pots and pans for cooking ; paint ; and in dozens of chemical processes . 
 there are millions of miles of power lines across the country , '' he nodded . 
 `` aluminium . 
 i 've researched this stuff and i do n't know how many more uses are still to be discovered . 
 but it 's pretty versatile . 
 we need aluminium . 
 we 're not going to stop using it just because of global warming . 
 and there 's plenty of it . 
 the most abundant metal on earth : we 're not going to run out of it . 
 `` and if i can get it out of the ground -- especially ecologically sensitive ground -- cheaper and more responsibly than others , i 'm doing my bit for the planet . '' 
 greene clicked on an icon on the desktop of his computer and , while the application loaded , he explained to his sons that mining bauxite was one of suriname 's leading industries and it was estimated that it would grow dramatically over the next decade ; huge reserves had been identified . 
 frustratingly , he told them , the deposits were located deep within the densely forested sipaliwini district of suriname . 
 the district is by far the largest part of the country , considerably larger than the remaining nine districts put together , but almost unpopulated . 
 villages are few and far between and support an ancient traditional lifestyle . 
 most communication is via the river system . 
 `` there are still tribes there that use the forest as their supermarket , hardware store and pharmacy . 
 they get everything they need from the land and the river . '' 
 mac , an ex-pipe major of the royal scots dragoon guards , agreed . 
 `` the british army learned a lo ' from tribes in the amazon basin . 
 these guys in suriname are the same : they know the jungle ; they know what 's good tae eat , what 's gon na give ye a wee tummy upset . 
 ye need a shelter ? 
 these guys are y ' best friends . 
 `` it 's a beautiful place , the rainforest ; beautiful and fascinatin ' . 
 but it 's also one of the most dangerous and impenetrable places o ' the planet for those that dinnae know it . '' 
 as if on cue , a large slim television screen rose smoothly from a bulkhead and flickered to life , replicating the picture on alan greene 's laptop . 
 google earth . 
 planet earth , the uk in the middle , sat serenely in the black velvet of space . 
 greene clicked on a bookmark . 
 the earth moved for him , spinning slowly in an easterly direction and advancing at the same time to fill the screen . 
 both the americas -- north and south -- swung smoothly into view . 
 then the perspective changed as the panorama focused more tightly on the north coast of the southern american continent . 
 suddenly , as the view descended , the names and boundaries of the countries were superimposed on the image . 
 yellow lines delineated the vastness of brazil ; to the west were peru , ecuador , columbia and venezuela . 
 as the perspective continued to change , guyana and french guinea came into sharper focus . 
 and there , nestled between them , was suriname . 
 from this altitude , the three countries looked like pieces from a colossal jigsaw puzzle . 
 the satellite imagery paused at 600 kilometres and there on the screen was their destination . 
 the country was entirely green . 
 will spotted paramaribo in the north -lrb- or rather the red star used to denote a country 's capital -rrb- and harry pointed at the screen and mispronounced sipaliwini . 
 the name of the province came out of his mouth more like `` sapal-winey '' . 
 the others laughed . 
 at this altitude , few features were clear . 
 the dappling of white across swathes of the country were clouds ; however , the viewpoint offered on the screen was still hundreds of kilometres above even the highest of them . 
 the boys ' father pointed out the separate districts of the country -- grey lines , this time -- crowded into the north and east of the land as though overawed by their huge big brother , sipaliwini . 
 only one dared to trespass south of the coastal strip into the forbidding interior . 
 it looked out of place , like an interloper . 
 greene rolled his cursor over a blue blur and double clicked . 
 the satellite picture adjusted its position and zoomed in on the target , stopping this time at 150 kilometres . 
 will kept an eye on the altitude counter at the bottom right of the screen . 
 now clouds , even though still way below the vantage point , became individually discernible . 
 the blue blur revealed itself to be a huge lake , a myriad of rivers and tributaries feeding it . 
 its name was superimposed on its surface : brokopondo . 
 `` now , this place we 're interested in , '' said greene . 
 `` a lake , '' said harry flatly . 
 `` in the middle of the jungle . '' 
 `` oh , yes , '' greene responded . 
 `` take a look at this . '' 
 he placed the cursor over the image at the northern edge of the lake and scrolled in , stopping just 2,000 metres above the ground . 
 through gossamer cloud they could now see a long narrow manmade structure stretching east to west . 
 to the south of it was the lake ; to its north , a network of roads and a watercourse . 
 will recognised it first . 
 `` is it a dam ? '' 
 he peered at the image and saw the tell-tale white water where sluices had stood open when the satellite image had been created . 
 `` just so , '' greene confirmed . 
 `` and the lake is manmade ... '' `` cool , '' was harry 's judgement . 
 `` ... but we 'll see it for real in a day or two . 
 i want to look at the main reason for our trip . '' 
 deftly , he scrolled up to 400 kilometres , located a spot on the image and clicked on it . 
 it was clearly in the middle of the jungle and deep within sipaliwini yet , as they zoomed in to 100 kilometres , everyone noticed the area was one of highest resolution . 
 when the project to place images of the earth 's surface online was first undertaken , judgements were made about which areas would be most interesting to people and , therefore , which should be prioritised and photographed in the highest definition . 
 the middle of the sahara desert , for instance , while of passing interest to nomadic tuaregs , did not warrant the same expensive satellite photography as did notting hill in london , or manhattan in new york , where simply everyone has access to the internet and has , at least once , zoomed in on their own roof . 
 it was a surprise , therefore , to see a strip of land rendered in the highest detail available -lrb- outside the military -rrb- in the middle of remote sipaliwini . 
 will and harry , both of whom had played with google earth in the past , queried this . 
 greene senior smiled and said : `` it helps if you happen to know someone in the company . 
 i 've got a pal called larry and i rang him a while ago and asked him to see whether he could arrange for the next satellite pass to do a little detailed work at this position . '' 
 so saying , greene tapped in a set of coordinates and the viewpoint swung down towards the jungle , once more . 
 at 10,000 metres , the tableau resembled a highly detailed map . 
 by the time the camera had eased down to 3,500 metres , it was easy to make out the tops of individual trees within the thick canopy ; dun clearings stood baldly out from the green ; and the river , untroubled by a network of silt islands , meandered serenely north . 
 on the east bank , a great scar cut deeply into the jungle -- an almost perfect half-circle of brown . 
 that was the only way the boys could describe it : from that height , that 's what they saw . 
 `` the apetina mine , '' announced alan greene . 
 when he zoomed in , they were impressed . 
 the sharpness of the picture picked out what was plainly an open-cast mine . 
 there were great machines -- diggers , earth-movers , cranes -- at work over the great area which was being worked . 
 some of them the boys recognised ; some were larger than anything they had ever seen or imagined , with gantries and conveyor-belts stretching for hundreds of metres . 
 even the smaller details of the site were apparent : a jeep with four occupants ; the rectangular forms of billets ; more buildings -- presumably , administrative or storage ; the h of a helicopter landing pad . 
 sticking out into the river were two jetties , one much larger than the other . 
 the image of a great barge had been captured by the distant satellite , either about to dock at the more southern of the two , or in the process of departing . 
 greene zoomed in . 
 the barge was fully laden : clearly on its way downstream to paramaribo . 
 for hundreds of kilometres all around -lrb- thousands , to the south -rrb- , there was nothing other than rainforest , dense , dark and , for the first time to will , foreboding . 
 there were no roads , no other signs of humanity or of civilisation . 
 the only way in was by air or by river . 
 it might as well have been on another planet . 
 greene thought it a good time to add some detail to the plans he 'd outlined to his sons . 
 he scrolled back up to paramaribo and began . 
 `` we 're here for two nights , just to get our bearings before we fly down to the mine . 
 we 'll spend the day inspecting the whole operation . 
 the financial side already stacks up ; it 's just the environmental implications which we need to ensure are acceptable . 
 we know there are ways of extracting the ore which have little impact on the forest ; if they are used , we should n't have a problem . '' 
 as he spoke he moved the cursor south from paramaribo until it hovered over the mine . 
 `` we 'll stay at the apetina mine for the night , tidy up any remaining business the following day and then it 's a slow , leisurely ride north along the ezel river back to lake brokopondo . 
 you 'll never get a better chance to see the planet at its best and most lush . '' 
 it all sounded very straightforward . 
 chapter five there was trouble brewing at discerning antiques , situated just off the main drag in the heart of downtown orlando , florida . 
 a small but insistent crowd had gathered on the sidewalk during lunchtime . 
 the glass door of the small business was shut and locked ; a closed sign , hanging inside , promised the afternoon 's trading would begin at two o’clock sharp . 
 it was already twenty past two and , apart from a glimpse of shadowy movement to the rear of the shop , there had been no sign of life . 
 the crowd grew increasingly impatient , and alarmed , as people realised they were all there for the same reason . 
 three months ago , the real estate agent had been delighted to close the deal with the tall , well-built , confident gentleman from texas . 
 he had taken the showroom , in an affluent part of town , saying he intended to expand his dealership across the southern states -- he had a large number of outlets already , and florida was his next objective . 
 he 'd quoted his business motto , which , incidentally , was picked out in gold letters in the shop window : we turn old to gold ; give it to us : consider it sold . 
 the agent had thought it inspiring , had wished him well , blushed and declined his charming offer of dinner that evening and left to spread the word among her well-off friends and business associates that discerning antiques might become the go-to place for tasteful home furnishings . 
 for a while , it had seemed she 'd been right . 
 only the best shop fitters were employed to create the right atmosphere for the business , where people of good taste might come to discuss the sale or acquisition of valuable items . 
 advertisements were placed in glossy magazines inviting those with items `` that may be of interest to our discerning international clientele '' to have them appraised . 
 and , for a fortnight , it seemed that every person of note in the orlando business community received a visit or a personal phone call from the proprietor . 
 the result was that when the business opened , there were almost too many people clamouring for attention . 
 mw had picked orlando as it was home to many older people ; people who might possess an antique or two ; people who might be sweet-talked into handing them over , with the promise of a good price being secured . 
 mw loved old people : so trusting of a prosperous and knowledgeable texan gentleman with a trimmed beard and a twinkle in his eye . 
 for eight glorious weeks , he took valuable items from those trusting souls and exchanged them for large amounts of cash -- `` i 'm obliged : we 're a cash business for reasons of charitable status , '' he 'd explain -- from the wealthy folk of the state . 
 whenever a seller -- usually an elderly lady on her own -- overcame the embarrassment of bringing up the subject of money , mw would use terms like `` cash throughput '' , `` liquidity considerations '' and `` investment parameters '' , insist that the money transfer was held up by the bank -lrb- `` ai n't it always the way ? '' 
 and he 'd roll his eyes -rrb- , and hand them back into their cars with murmurs of reassurance . 
 he had run the scam , using various false names , in many locations across the states . 
 the stetson , the ivory-tipped walking cane , the bootlace tie , all contributed to the image . 
 eight weeks , he thought , was middling , as he eyed the crowd outside . 
 the real estate agent was at the point of instructing lawyers to sue for three months ' rental -lrb- and demand an eviction -rrb- ; the tiresome shop fitters wanted an exorbitant amount for the teak and oak display cases they 'd constructed ; some interfering debt-collector was shoving a red invoice under the door ; even the sign writer was out there pointing at his work , complaining to whoever would listen . 
 eight weeks . 
 mw sighed and moved to the rear of the building . 
 `` i 'm just going to sort out the checks for these good and patient people , '' he told christina , the young lady he 'd employed to carry out the administrative duties of his business . 
 `` do n't let them damage the front of the shop . 
 let them in , in ten minutes . '' 
 christina , who had not yet been paid for two months ' work , herself , glanced at the disappearing back of her employer and then looked with some unease between the display shelves at the crowd . 
 a man with a walking stick had set himself up as a rabble-rouser and was waving his stick belligerently at the window , shouting something provocative . 
 it was a little like watching a riot in slow motion , given the advanced years of many of the participants . 
 in the relative safety of his office , mw clicked shut his laptop and stowed it in its carry case . 
 the email he 'd received an hour or so earlier confirmed his next course of action . 
 he took the computer and a medium-sized suitcase , stepped through the rear door of the antiques dealership and , without a backward glance , did what he had done so often before . 
 he always kept money in reserve , for those `` just-in-case '' moments , such as this . 
 he stepped into a cab , casually stated his destination and flipped up the lid of the laptop once more . 
 he had always believed that when a change is needed , something will turn up . 
 and turn up it just had . 
 he re-read the email : calling in a favour -lrb- or `` favor '' , if you prefer -rrb- . 
 how does s. america sound ? 
 expenses paid . 
 disruption work and interference -- just the job for you . 
 success = $ 5 very large . 
 a mobile telephone number finished off the message . 
 the email address from which the message had originated was not familiar to mw . 
 nevertheless , he knew who had sent it . 
 the cab poked its nose into the traffic and picked up speed as it passed the front of discerning antiques . 
 mw slipped the stetson from his head -- no need to draw unnecessary attention to himself . 
 he need n't have worried : all the crowd 's attention was focussed on the door which christina was in the process of opening . 
 he reached into the laptop carry case and selected one of three passports , each of them excellent forgeries , each of them made out in a different false name . 
 he flipped the lid of the suitcase and extracted one of a large number of bundles of bank notes , slipping it into the inside pocket of his jacket . 
 one of the other reasons he 'd chosen this part of town was that orlando executive airport was only a few blocks away . 
 he drew out his phone and called the mobile phone number detailed in the email to see where , precisely , he was headed . 
 chapter six there was a ten minute transfer from zanderij international airport aboard the airport 's own courtesy helicopter -- air taxi was stencilled on its side . 
 it was a small comfortable bell 407 with room for five passengers . 
 it easily took the greenes and mac and all their personal luggage the forty kilometres north to the surinamese capital . 
 the smiling pilot whisked them fast and low over the densely forested ground which surrounded the airport complex , as the early morning sun climbed into a blue sky which was tinged with some grey cloud . 
 as they approached the outskirts of the city , more roads cut through the green foliage ; some smart-looking suburbs , arranged geometrically , came into view . 
 and then , suddenly , they were over tightly packed housing , interspersed with what could have been warehouses or factories . 
 the great river suriname followed their progress , without interest , it seemed , over to the east and , to the north , the boys spied the atlantic ocean blue-grey and infinite . 
 the pitch of the turbo shaft engine shifted slightly as the pilot eased back to descend on to the field at one end of the runway at zorg en hoop airport . 
 from their elevated position , the passengers were able to take in the small , city airstrip . 
 it accommodated only light aircraft -- fixed wing propeller-driven planes and helicopters -- judging by its runway which could not have exceeded half a kilometre and had a well-used run-off strip at one end . 
 there was a healthy selection of planes and choppers and a range of low-slung hangars and office buildings . 
 as they hopped out , dragging bags with them , they were disappointed at the overcast conditions . 
 it was hot and humid , but the sun was struggling to make an impression on the low cloud cover . 
 for the tropics , it was a bit of a let-down . 
 their driver explained , as they covered the short journey to the petrus stuyvesant hotel right in the heart of the historic centre of the city that the rainy season was dripping to an end ; that the weather usually associated with palm trees , sandy beaches and glittering blue sea , would soon return to suriname . 
 the hotel was the newest in the city . 
 smart but discreet , it blended with its old colonial neighbours . 
 wooden reminders of the country 's past -- architectural influences from holland -- blended with more modern buildings . 
 the street , where they pulled up , was lined with trees and red-roofed shops . 
 a few cars passed as they stepped into the air conditioned atmosphere of the reception hall . 
 mac took his leave as soon as they 'd checked in : he had arrangements to make that `` willnae make themselves . '' 
 alan greene had business to catch up on and disappeared . 
 will and harry had the day to themselves and a new city to explore . 
 after ditching bags in their rooms , they left the cool confines of the lobby and strode into the oppressive midday heat . 
 across the street , leaning against the side of a small general store , in the shadow of a green awning , a figure glanced up from beneath the brim of a white stetson . 
 a pair of dark eyes flicked from the two boys to a photograph on his mobile phone . 
 the man smiled to himself and withdrew around a corner . 
 he turned and walked away . 
 mw had arrived in the surinamese capital the previous day , flying in from orlando , via port of spain , where he 'd had to change planes . 
 he had found himself a hotel which offered all the luxuries he was going to avoid paying for , if he possibly could . 
 and he 'd tracked down his targets . 
 he was ahead of schedule . 
 he began to give some thought to what his next course of action should be . 
 the offer from stone had arrived at just the right time . 
 the antiques business in orlando has run its course ; mw had earned -lrb- he hated the word `` conned '' -rrb- over two hundred thousand dollars from the good , trusting people of that city . 
 but a massive pay out from stone would round off his career . 
 he was getting no younger and he really needed a significant amount of money in order to disappear for good to the anonymity of the caribbean . 
 five million bucks would finance a very nice retirement plan . 
 jonas stone and mw had not met for a number of years , but they had got acquainted after one of the more unusual introductions it is possible to have . 
 as part of greenestone 's on-going thirst for investment opportunities , stone had been looking at the american prison system . 
 for years it had been a massive drain on state and federal budgets . 
 it did n't help that large numbers of prisoners were sentenced to terms that would far exceed their natural life-spans or to `` prison without parole '' . 
 the idea to put all of texas state 's prisoners for the next twenty years into private management for a single multi-billion dollar payment was one that needed investigation . 
 and three years before the demise of greenestone , jonas stone found himself in the usa . 
 it just so happened that on the morning of stone 's scheduled inspection of redville penitentiary , outside dallas , the inmates had decided that the conditions in which they were kept , were no longer acceptable . 
 the zero-tolerance regime imposed by warden carson de ath , at last , got too much . 
 the final straw came when the warden put up a sign on death row which read : go to your death with de ath . 
 the 3,210 convicts rioted . 
 cell doors were ripped off , electronic systems overridden and correctional officers chased from the buildings . 
 for twenty-four hours , the place became a no-go zone . 
 two guards were killed immediately ; more were taken hostage . 
 grudges were settled between individuals and gangs in the most brutal manner . 
 fortunately for stone , just as the violence erupted , he had stepped into the cell occupied by a convicted fraudster , serving ten years `` without '' . 
 stone had intended to discuss the inmates ' view of prison life with the man who had been selected by the warden as being a low security risk . 
 it did not look that way to stone . 
 the man stood as the alarm claxons blared . 
 he was not only much taller than stone but broader and more heavily built . 
 he moved with an athleticism , which hinted at his sporting past , to shove stone 's attendant guard from the cell , bang shut the steel door and ram the wrought iron double bunk against it . 
 the man turned to a quaking stone , shoved out a meaty hand and said : `` name 's mw , '' -- the second letter he pronounced `` dubbya '' , in the manner of the second president bush -- `` mighty pleased to make your acquaintance . '' 
 stone had no choice but to shake hands and mutter his name . 
 while mayhem raged outside in the corridors and halls of redville , and warden de ath and his men put into operation their ruthless plans for the recapture of their prison , stone and mw talked . 
 by the time the prison was , once again , in the hands of the state , mw had related his version of his life story -- which showed him in a much better light than the true version -- and insisted that he was wrongfully incarcerated . 
 any assistance that stone might see his way to giving him would be very well rewarded . 
 naturally , in the circumstances , stone agreed to do anything he could . 
 mw 's parting words to stone , as the guards banged on the cell door , were , `` i believe you when you say you could help me mr stone . 
 and believe me when i say , on the outside , i could be useful to you . '' 
 as he was marched at double time away from the broken prison , through the smoke , flanked by guards in riot gear , he reflected on the convict 's last three words . 
 `` i do n't think we 'll be investing in your prison , warden de ath . 
 though i may have an eye on another long-term investment , '' he told the beleaguered warden . 
 back in london , stone had committed time and money to finding out more about mw -- or mike wilkinson , as it emerged the initials stood for . 
 most people having gone through the ordeal stone had endured would have had nothing to do with the man . 
 but stone saw possibilities where others saw only danger or problems . 
 and the day and night spent in the cell with mw had shown stone a potentially prime asset . 
 with few qualifications other than a football scholarship , mw had achieved some local celebrity when he joined the dallas cowboys when he left collage , in the 1970s . 
 after only a few seasons as a line backer , he had sustained a serious injury which forced him out of the game . 
 he 'd lived for a while off his past glories until , inevitably , people started to resent his free loading . 
 he 'd drifted into crime -- some petty fraud , handling stolen goods -- but found the people he had to mix with distasteful . 
 he had eventually found his calling as a confidence trickster . 
 he 'd always been sociable and highly entertaining ; he could spin a plausible yarn . 
 a good-looking man in his youth , with a winning smile , for some years he earned a very good and highly illegal living parting the more gullible from their cash . 
 every time local authorities began to take too close an interest in his activities , he 'd move to another county with another story and worm his way into the hearts of his next victims . 
 over the years , the sketchy information stone managed to turn up , suggested that mw had scammed his way across many of the united states for much of his adult life . 
 his run of luck had come to an end when he had returned to texas and attempted to swindle an elderly couple whose daughter happened to be a police officer . 
 how was he to know ? 
 now fifty-something , it looked as though he 'd languish in redville until he was too old to work -- legally or illegally . 
 a bleak future awaited him . 
 a man like that might be very useful . 
 if only he were on the outside . 
 the opportunity presented itself about a month after the redville riot . 
 warden de ath was fired for gross incompetence and , in his place , warden william hope was appointed to oversee the reconstruction of the prison . 
 warden hope was a forward-thinking man whose mission included the reconstruction of the prisoners , too . 
 he saw the good in all god 's creatures . 
 all inmates , regardless of faith , were issued with a copy of the bible . 
 and stone took this sign from above to make mw beholden to him . 
 nelson bando and randy redhouse were small-time crooks on the streets of dallas when they were approached with an offer that , for them , was as good as a lottery jackpot win . 
 each realised that they would never have such a chance again in their sordid lives . 
 there was no question of them refusing -- which was just the way stone wanted things . 
 he was cautious enough to contact them through an intermediary so he could not be connected to them . 
 simply stated , the deal was to break mw out of prison and get him across the border line into mexico . 
 all the details had been worked out in advance . 
 succeed and they would each receive $ 50,000 . 
 cash . 
 flushed with the thought of so much money , the pair had exceeded their limited potential and , with a generous hand from lady luck , succeeded in freeing the wily mw as he was being driven back to jail from the sunday morning service at the little church of the babel brethren . 
 warden hope had been persuaded a few weeks earlier of mw 's sudden but deep devotion to christianity . 
 `` i feel the power of the almighty move within me , '' mw had explained . 
 `` i know i am a wretched sinner ; which one of us is not ? 
 warden hope , sir , i have only one thing to say to you . 
 the scourge of drugs has raised its ugly head in this here prison of yours . 
 it 's the work of the devil . 
 it may be that i have transgressed in my time but i have never taken a foul narcotic into my body . 
 i now believe it is my bounden duty -- a duty to god as well as to my fellow man -- to inform you of a conspiracy to smuggle in a quantity of drugs . '' 
 the warden had felt a great warmth towards this clearly sincere god-fearing man . 
 when the information supplied by mw proved to be accurate and the perpetrators apprehended , the warden 's standing with his employers rose and he chose , magnanimously , to reward mw . 
 `` what may i do to relieve the privations of your stay with us here , brother ? '' 
 of course , mw had played the part to perfection , asking nothing for himself . 
 `` merely the privilege of being allowed to comfort some of the sinners in the infirmary who have damaged themselves with those drugs . '' 
 how could a christian man refuse such a request ? 
 and , when mw , the day after a visit from a certain reverend bando , expressed his desire to worship at the reverend 's small clapperboard church , only ten miles from the prison , warden hope was delighted to grant his wish . 
 it was not an operation executed with any panache . 
 bando and redhouse had chosen a remote stretch of road and had stolen a buick pickup truck . 
 fortunately for them , the warden had allocated only one guard to his trustworthy prisoner , a middle aged man called alvin , biding his time until retirement . 
 he was driving the unmarked prison car when it was hit hard from behind and forced off the long straight highway down a slight incline and into the scrub of the texan desert . 
 alvin tried to prevent the escape . 
 he got off one shot , which winged redhouse , before mw tackled him , winding him and sending him to the floor . 
 the two crooks approached cautiously . 
 redhouse aimed a vicious kick at alvin -- both he and bando had spent much time inside and had little love for correctional officers . 
 mw helped bando wheel a brand new harley-davidson motorcycle down a ramp from the flatbed of the pickup . 
 he inspected it with obvious satisfaction . 
 it had been custom painted in silver and black and flew a pennant from a long aerial at its rear with the legend the rev of the 99 saints . 
 in one of the panniers was a change of clothes -- suitable attire for a biking pastor -- and a set of meticulously forged documents . 
 mw slipped effortlessly into his new identity . 
 as a man of god , the rev. dwayne dillinger , had good news to spread . 
 he wasted no time and , leaving the hapless prison guard to his gruesome fate , opened the throttle of the softail fat boy and sped off down the highway , the throaty growl of the twin exhausts audible in the still desert air for several kilometres . 
 alvin was discovered 48 hours later , prematurely retired . 
 by the time mw 's escape had been noted and the alarm raised , it was rather too late . 
 the revving reverend had powered his way along 650 kilometres of desert highway to the mexican border and , for the time being , was beyond the reach of american justice . 
 chapter seven the intrepid explorers returned to the hotel a little after six in the evening . 
 they met their father and mac in the hasselbaink lounge . 
 it stretched across the back of the hotel and out on to terracing overlooking a swimming pool complex . 
 wicker furniture , polished wooden floors with heavy rugs , and ceiling fans recreated the colonial past of paramaribo in twenty-first century luxury . 
 the reason for the lounge 's name stood in one corner , staring impassively over the small number of guest who occupied various tables . 
 the larger-than-life-size statue of jerrel hasselbaink -- aka jimmy floyd hasselbaink -- drew harry across the floor as a wasp is drawn to a marmalade jar . 
 `` picture , picture ! '' 
 he ordered his brother , pulling a chair from an unoccupied table to the foot of the statue . 
 he climbed up and slung an arm round the footballer 's shoulders . 
 will obediently pulled out his phone to capture the moment . 
 one or two of the hotel 's guests raised disapproving eyebrows at this unconventional treatment of one of suriname 's greatest footballing heroes ; the assistant manager smiled indulgently from his discreet vantage point but was quietly relieved when the two boys walked over to their father 's table and sat down . 
 one guest , sitting alone at a table well away from alan greene 's , but next to the hasselbaink statue , raised the newspaper he was studying as the boys passed , but not before harry had caught a glimpse of his bearded face . 
 harry had smiled conspiratorially at the man whom he took to be a fellow fan of hasselbaink . 
 the four of them discussed their afternoons while cold drinks were ordered and brought . 
 alan greene drank mineral water ; mac stuck to quilmes , a popular argentinean lager ; the boys drank coke . 
 greene was interested to hear what paramaribo was like : this was his first trip . 
 and he looked forward to being shown round by these two new experts the following day . 
 when their enthusiasm was spent , greene turned to mac . 
 `` we 're all set for friday , '' he told his sons . 
 `` aye , and ye 'll be fully kitted oot . 
 everything 's stowed away aboard the boat for the return . 
 i chose a fool proof model . 
 but she 's still got a load o ' power . 
 anyway , that 's for later . '' 
 he bent to withdraw something from a holdall between his feet . 
 when he straightened up , he smiled and said to greene , `` your toys 've arrived . '' 
 he placed a laptop computer on the table . 
 it was slightly smaller than the machines carried round by salesmen and teachers , and lacked a case ; it had a handle which slotted into a recess when not in use . 
 it was different in other ways , too . 
 it looked as though it had been built entirely from lego blocks -- it had a chunky , rugged outer casing -- and then sprayed matt black . 
 `` this wee one 's from the guys at hyper-systems , '' mac explained . 
 this was one of the companies alan greene kept an eye on as a future investment prospect . 
 mac had approached them with a request concerning the sipaliwini trek based on greene 's requirements . 
 `` ye 'd need to go a lang way tae break this , '' he continued , glancing at harry . 
 `` it 's built for the most extreme environments . 
 hyper want tae supply the army . 
 ye can drop it from a great height , stick it in water for an hour , bury it for a month . 
 nae problem . 
 they even claim it 's fire-proof . '' 
 he flicked a switch on the front of the machine and the lid rose to expose the screen . 
 `` twelve point two inch screen . 
 scratch proof . '' 
 he offered will the crimped top from his bottle of quilmes . 
 `` do your worst , '' he invited , nodding at the computer . 
 needless to say , the sharp metal made no impression on the screen . 
 mac went on : `` battery life : eight hours from a mains charge but , and here 's the clever bit : it 's constantly recharging through motion and , '' -- he tapped the outer casing -- `` through solar power . 
 one of the reasons for the strange look is because it needs a large surface area to gather energy . 
 the whole of the case doubles as a solar panel . 
 the wee bumps more than treble the effective surface area . 
 clever , no ? '' 
 he hit a button at the bottom left . 
 a pale blue glow emanated from the keyboard . 
 `` backlit , for night work , '' he commented , while tapping away . 
 the machine 's web browser opened on the web page of the glasgow herald newspaper -lrb- mac 's chosen homepage -rrb- , the day 's date displayed directly under the masthead , current news stories laid out in editorial order of importance . 
 `` wifi so 's ye can update youse facebook entries -- though i dinnae think that 's the sort o ' hot spots ye get in the jungle . 
 not to worry , though . 
 `` ye 've gps which is fully compatible with ... '' he paused and took a theatrical breath as he reached into the holdall again `` ... the satellite phone of the future , also courtesy of hyper-systems . 
 we 're to test this . '' 
 he placed the sleek implement on the table next to the computer . 
 `` this is no ' quite indestructible . 
 so be careful with it . '' 
 mac saw harry 's hand move instinctively towards his phone which he 'd casually left on the table . 
 it was a fully working concept design from a swedish boutique company which incorporated the latest technology . 
 `` that 'll be nae use to you once you 're in the jungle : no coverage oot there . 
 that 's why we 've got you the sat phone : important to keep in touch . '' 
 there was a pause . 
 `` thank you , macq , '' quipped greene . 
 `` after all this hi-tech wizardry , let 's look at one of the marvels of a bygone age , '' he suggested . 
 he unzipped a pocket on the side of a briefcase which stood next to mac 's holdall . 
 `` this is an m-a-p . 
 you may be familiar with them . '' 
 he unfolded a sheet of paper and spread it out on the table . 
 `` i know we 've got gps but a good old-fashioned map always makes me feel better . '' 
 he proceeded to highlight certain features on the chart which showed some detail along the suriname river as he followed it upstream from the capital to lake brokopondo . 
 at the south-west of the lake , the map showed the other section of the suriname river . 
 it snaked away through the jungle and , ultimately , to its source in the eilerts de haan mountains in the south of the country . 
 not surprisingly , greene pointed out , there was much detail along this important arterial route . 
 it was important for the surinamese tourist industry and for the country 's industrialists who transported much of the mineral wealth extracted from the interior along the wide waterway . 
 at the south-east of the lake , he pointed out another river flowing into brokopondo . 
 this one -- the ezel river -lrb- `` it means ` donkey ' in dutch , '' he told them . -rrb- 
 -- meandered away into the jungle in a slightly less confident manner , it seemed . 
 eventually , the map showed it rising in the range of hills surrounding mount machoulou over the border in french guiana . 
 but , for many kilometres , there was nothing but blank paper . 
 no one had had anything to add to the map and they 'd left it blank , as if in invitation , for others to complete . 
 both will and harry had the same thought at the same time . 
 they did n't really believe there were areas such as this on the planet which had not been fully charted : this was the twenty-first century . 
 once again , will felt a shiver of anticipation at the thought of going to such a remote place . 
 his father stabbed the map with a black marker pen . 
 beside the dot , he wrote `` apetina mine '' and circled the words . 
 `` there it is . 
 as you can see , we 'll have a lovely trip back ; lots of unknown territory . 
 this is right off the tourist trail . 
 we might have a real adventure . '' 
 mac raised his glass . 
 `` to adventure , '' he proposed . 
 the others followed . 
 `` to adventure . '' 
 like all good maîtres d’ , the stuyvesant 's timed the delivery of the menus from the hotel 's mambo grill restaurant to perfection . 
 and , five minutes later , he the four diners sat down to a splendid selection of the best seafood paramaribo had to offer . 
 a considerate guest , passing the table where the greenes had been sitting , stopped to gather their glasses . 
 he quietly lifted the map , which alan greene had left folded on the table , and tucked it into his inside pocket . 
 he strolled to the bar , placed the glasses on the counter and , thanking the bartender , walked through the reception lobby and out into the humid night , thoughtfully stroking his beard . 
 *** `` first of all , the locals and those in the know , call it ` parbo ' , '' harry had informed his father , relishing the role of guide . 
 the three had left the hotel promptly after breakfasting on the terrace outside the hasselbaink lounge , leaving mac to finalise any last minute arrangements for the following day . 
 alan greene was more than happy to be guided round the city by his sons and he appreciated their enthusiasm and attention to detail . 
 it had rained heavily in the night and , while the heat had dried most things out , they had several times to skirt areas of localised flooding . 
 they wandered first through the city 's historic centre staring at the slightly down-at-heel but still splendid dutch colonial buildings -- their many verandas rising to second and third floor level -- built of wood and whitewashed or sun-bleached . 
 those near the waterfront were faring better as their owners were encouraged with government grants to spruce their frontages up . 
 mixed in with these charming buildings were more modern constructions . 
 some , evidently , had money behind them and rose above the traditional houses and shops , offering twenty-first century office space , clad in steel and glass . 
 others were more modest , built for a single purpose and slotted into gaps in the cityscape . 
 more often than not , they were low-rise stores or workshops , run by enterprising craftsmen or traders . 
 some would bring their wares on to the streets as wealthy foreigners and obvious tourists passed by , keen to relieve them of their wads of surinamese dollars . 
 at every set of traffic lights drivers would be assailed by men and boys thrusting fake designer goods through their open car windows -- perfume , cigarettes , watches . 
 they picked their way off the main drag , through muddy streets between packed houses , little more than shacks . 
 earnest faces peered from doorways and windows in clapperboard dwellings with rusty corrugated iron roofs . 
 smears of colour remained on the rotting wooden planks but , for the main part , they were grey . 
 there were signs all over the place of building going on . 
 parbo seemed to be in a constant state of change and renewal . 
 the shanties needed repair and propping up just to survive ; extensive preservation was being carried out on the magnificent legacies of the dutch colonial era ; and , where space permitted , the steel skeletons of new concrete structures promised much for the city 's future . 
 throughout the city , there were open green spaces and trees adorned the roadways , giving shelter and adding colour . 
 the brothers trooped round the main sights for tourists . 
 will thought it illustrated parbo 's laid-back attitude towards different peoples that the city 's main mosque and synagogue were next door to each other . 
 and the great cathedral of saint peter and saint paul was only a few hundred metres up the road . 
 its impressive twin-towered façade with its rose window would not have looked out of place in a small english town . 
 except it was painted yellow . 
 and made of wood . 
 it was getting on for two hundred years old and in the midst of much-needed renovations . 
 they were informed by one of the workmen that it was the largest wooden building in south america . 
 the vitality and vibrancy of the market appealed to all of them and they picked and browsed their way round the sprawl of stalls , many covered against the heat of the day . 
 there were leather goods -- wallets , purses , bags , hats ; spices ; cloth -- great multi-coloured bolts being cut to order ; heaps of fruit which spilled , here and there , into the squares and roads ; dried meats hanging and smelling sharply from hooks . 
 and people . 
 it seemed that all quarter of a million paramaribonese had turned out that morning to shop before the heat forced them to retreat for the hours while the equatorial sun was at its most intense . 
 they retired for refreshment at the foot of a short steep hill at the riverside bar which , as its name suggested , overlooked the great brown suriname river . 
 the sun had made the extra effort and had burned through the haze and low cloud to bathe the front in stark light . 
 they were on the outer bank of a bend where the river narrowed to only 750 metres across . 
 one and half kilometres to the south , the great jules wijdenbosch bridge connected paramaribo district with commewijne district . 
 they sat at one of the tables outside the bar , relaxing and enjoying the view . 
 a cutting in front of them allowed berthing for a few dozen small boats , many of them pleasure craft . 
 a road , with parked cars slotted along one side , ran down from the city centre allowing access . 
 on the other side of the road was a line of low metal business units , being used mostly for light engineering or storage . 
 against an older wharf on the main river , was moored an ancient fishing smack , its superstructure rising from the rear , a main mast to the fore . 
 it was , like paramaribo , rather charming but down-at-heel . 
 when the food came , it was good and hearty : traditional indian roti bread piled on one plate and a bowl of steaming clam curry . 
 they scraped up the green stew on to the bread and munched happily . 
 up the road , about a hundred metres away , in a dark , hot workshop , a man toiled away cutting templates from mild steel with a makeshift angle grinder . 
 he wore nothing but a pair of greasy shorts and a welder 's mask , the latter to protect his eyes and face from the fountain of sparks which flew from the grinder . 
 there are laws in place in paramaribo , as there are laws all over the world , to prevent people from hurting themselves or others by taking unnecessary risks . 
 the man in the workshop would have scoffed at such laws and , anyway , he had weighed up the risk of being caught and dismissed it as being vanishingly small . 
 he had had his angle grinder rigged up to his two-and-a-half tonner for the last four years -lrb- ever since he 'd moved his business to the dockside from an outlying suburb -rrb- . 
 the belt which powered the tools he habitually used , via a range of cogs and gears , passed the length of the workshop -lrb- encased in a wooden safety box : he was n't stupid ! -rrb- 
 , out through the front to the road where , through another short series of gears , it took its power from the rear axle of the man 's m35 cargo truck . 
 the truck was his pride and joy . 
 it was 30 years old when he 'd acquired it a decade ago . 
 originally , it had been built for the us army , had travelled across europe , served in germany and then , on repatriation , been sold off as surplus . 
 slowly , over the next fifteen years , it had travelled further and further south : farming in arizona ; a re-fit for carrying backpackers in mexico ; a minor role in a failed coup in panama ; rescue from a scrap heap in colombia . 
 the man who owned it now had no idea about its history ; he simply loved its ruggedness and , at its great heart , the turbo-powered multi-fuel engine which went on and on and on . 
 which powered his business . 
 today , however , he was not the only person in parbo to take an interest in what most other people would have passed without giving a second glance . 
 as the six-wheel-drive truck , with only the final axle engaged and turning , ticked over , mw sauntered past , noting the bricks stacked under the rear of the m35 . 
 precarious , he thought . 
 mw was not an old truck nut ; he was not an enthusiast for scrap metal -lrb- which is what was crammed on to the open flat back of the truck -rrb- ; he was not even considering his duty to report the flagrant breach of safety regulations to the local police . 
 no . 
 he was interested in the truck because it just so happened that it was pointing directly down the hill towards the cafe where the greenes sat eating , oblivious of the fact that they had been followed for most of the morning . 
 he crouched beside the cab , squinting at the angles and estimated the chances of success for the plan that had suddenly leapt , fully formed , into his mind . 
 was it worth the risk ? 
 mw had two choices , as far as he could make out : destroy the chances of the greene 's mission succeeding before they set off , or follow them into the foul , stinking jungle -- not a prospect he relished . 
 he made up his mind . 
 he 'd tramped round paramaribo all morning in the thick , sapping heat , having to keep a low profile -lrb- not easy while beating off the irritating locals wanting to sell some rubbish -rrb- and had not the slightest idea of how to accomplish his task . 
 until now . 
 he straightened up , satisfied . 
 the road was smooth and true . 
 his target sat distracted . 
 it could n't be more than a hundred metres to the cafe and -- he cast a look about him -- there were few people about so soon after noon . 
 he whistled a little tune , mad dogs and englishmen , as he stepped round the front of the truck to the left hand side . 
 quickly , he eased the driver 's door open and , with as little fuss as possible , turned the crazed bakelite steering wheel through 360 degrees so the wheels , which had been angled into the curb of the pavement , now pointed straight ahead . 
 chapter eight harry had stuffed himself with clams and was considering which of the appetising ice creams pictured on the wall of the riverside bar would finish the meal nicely for him , when he sensed a change in the atmosphere . 
 his father and brother were engaged in a discussion about the ship 's hull that could clearly be seen from the bank out in the river . 
 it looked like it had been there forever . 
 alan greene was trying to remember what he had read about it . 
 harry had settled on a confection which , judging from the illustration , would test even him , with its five flavours of ice cream , fresh fruit , cream and chocolate sauce , when the rhythm of the afternoon somehow shifted . 
 there was no way he would ever be able to tell how he was alerted to the danger . 
 perhaps , a woman 's frightened scream in the distance ; the pitch of one motor amongst so many others ; the yell of frustration from the garage at the top of the hill as the tools stopped working . 
 whatever it was , it saved his life and those of his brother and father . 
 he glimpsed movement out of the corner of his left eye , swung his head in that direction and ... time seemed to move into a different dimension . 
 all his perceptions became very slow and detailed : he 'd remember minutiae about the next six seconds with a clarity that would astonish him later . 
 bearing down on their little gathering , the looming front of an old brown truck . 
 the blind windscreen , driverless . 
 the engine screaming in protest at being forced to work at such speed in such a low gear . 
 the few witnesses of the imminent disaster standing open mouthed , looking at the scene , unable to cover their eyes . 
 and ... but then , no more time to think . 
 action only . 
 he hurled himself up from his seat , using the armrests to propel his weight forward with as much power as he could muster . 
 as he did so , he caught the edge of the light ply table in both hands and heaved with all his strength . 
 his momentum lifted the table , turning its surface towards his astonished father and brother . 
 he continued towards them in one fluid movement , turning slightly as he went so his shoulder rammed into the underside of the table and continued to push it out of the path of the on-rushing truck . 
 he was able to push both will and alan greene two metres across the pavement towards the front of the cafe , each of them spilling from their overturning chairs amid the chaos of plates and glasses and bottles that were the remains of their lunch . 
 if harry were fanciful he would have believed that the front tyre of the truck skimmed his hi tops as he completed his desperate dive for safety . 
 as he rolled over in the clutter and the rush and roar of the passing vehicle , he had no time to think as the umbrella that had been sheltering them from the sun , descended from where it had been thrown by the impact and landed on top of him . 
 the waiter , who had chosen just that moment to approach the table to take an order for ice creams , stood with a look of shock on his face and could only manage the words he had been taught to ask every customer : `` was everything all right with your meals for yourselves today ? '' 
 the truck ploughed through the rest of the seating area , smashing the flimsy tables and chairs -lrb- fortunately unoccupied -rrb- before mounting the pavement at the end of the road , snapping a white picket fence and careering across a piece of waste land which stood between the old wharf and road . 
 there was a slight rise as the ground approached the boards of the wharf which launched the m35 majestically on its final journey , through the air , through the superstructure of the old fishing smack and into the brown welcoming waters of the river suriname . 
 there was a stunned silence , a stillness , after the splash . 
 a number of astonished people stood , mouths agape , staring stupidly at the wrecked boat which was settling by the wharf once more . 
 greene laid a slightly unsteady hand on will 's forearm , reassurance for him as much as for his son . 
 he hoisted himself from the mess , pushing a chair aside and crawled over to where harry lay beneath the umbrella . 
 part of its mechanism had broken and it had partially collapsed . 
 greene pulled the folds away from his younger son . 
 the paleness of harry 's face could n't be concealed beneath the sun tan he 'd picked up during the morning . 
 his father helped him to his feet and wrapped his arms round him . 
 *** lucas perk was inspector of police -lrb- first class -rrb- . 
 he took off his immaculate peaked hat and dabbed at his forehead with a handkerchief . 
 he was having a difficult time . 
 it was not , as might have been expected , the foreign visitors to his city that were the problem . 
 he had checked , of course , that they were all right , uninjured and out of any further danger , as soon as he had arrived on the scene . 
 he had been called by the first of his officers to get there who , in turn had been alerted by the screams that had accompanied the m35 down the hill . 
 it was the mechanic from the garage whose truck had careered so hazardously down the street that was proving the handful . 
 or , rather , the mechanic who now seemed to have no knowledge of the truck . 
 which was odd , as perk had been told , not ten minutes earlier , by three different people who had popped up from their boats to help , that the truck which had so nearly ended the holidays of the three visitors , had spent the last two or three years parked outside the garage when not hauling scrap metal to and fro . 
 the subsequent argument had grown increasingly heated until the man had challenged inspector perk to produce some evidence . 
 he had asked the policeman to look all around and show him this mythical truck . 
 the opaque and placid brown surface of the suriname river was not going to yield up any secrets now and , judging by the rusting upturned hull of the ship which stuck out of the river , midstream , about 400 metres away , the truck 's salvage would be a long time coming . 
 the hull belonged to a 6,000 ton german merchant vessel , the goslar , which had been scuttled during the second world war to prevent her capture by the allies . 
 inspector perk , left the man and walked down to where one of his officers was taking statements from the greenes . 
 alan greene was trying to play the whole incident down ; the last thing he needed was to become embroiled in a lengthy investigation . 
 they were heading into potentially much more dangerous territory tomorrow and a trip to the police station to fill in forms would cast a shadow over preparations which had , so far , gone remarkably well . 
 will and harry were leaning against the counter of the riverside bar , the shock of the near-miss draining slowly from them , as greene pressed his point . 
 `` there 's no harm done , officer . 
 you 've got my details -- we 're at the stuyvesant , '' he repeated this information , peering over the top of the policeman 's notebook to make sure he had written it down . 
 `` we really should be off . '' 
 the young officer seemed to agree , at last . 
 `` we of the parbo polices , '' he stated in pretty good english , `` are unfortunate that this is happening . 
 we are not really in favour very much of the accident . '' 
 he smiled apologetically and saluted greene . 
 the word `` accident '' stirred something deep in harry 's mind . 
 the fragmentary nature of the memories of the few seconds before the truck smashed past them , played jerkily through the projector of his memory . 
 it was as though the sequence of events had been cut and pasted together in a random order in an editing suite . 
 he put his fingertips to his temples . 
 he knew , instinctively , he had seen something he now needed to recall . 
 think . 
 truck . 
 looming bonnet with the swirling reo logo of the manufacturer . 
 the shaft of light reflected off the flat pane of the driver 's side split-screen . 
 a boy -- eight ? 
 -- watching from the pavement higher up the hill , wide-eyed . 
 the whole sequence suffused with the scream of tortured metal in the engine protesting at the rough treatment . 
 and then , there it was . 
 in almost cinematic clarity , a crash-zoom up to the top of the hill . 
 something must have caught his eye in those brief , brief moments before he 'd launched himself against the table . 
 something that he had recognised . 
 then he knew . 
 he held the image in his mind . 
 beyond the truck , past the people and the parked cars , up the incline , a man watched the scene unfold . 
 there was nothing conclusive -- no distinguishing marks -lrb- how could there be at 100 metres and for only a tenth of a second ? -rrb- 
 -- but he somehow had the same attitude as the man harry had smiled at , thinking him a football fan , in the hotel the previous evening ; the same manner . 
 and he had the beard . 
 he wore white and a cowboy hat and a hopeful look on his face . 
 but harry was sure . 
 `` so we 'll leave it there . '' 
 greene was keen to get going ; he 'd also seen perk striding towards them . 
 `` inspector , '' he called . 
 `` i think we 're all sorted here . 
 we 'll expect to hear from you if you need us . 
 your man has all the details of the accident . '' 
 perk mopped his brow and addressed greene in perfect english with a hint of european accent . 
 `` mr greene , on behalf of the city of paramaribo , i would like to extend our deepest apologies for the shock that this incident must have occasioned you and your fine sons . 
 should there be any way in which we are able to make your stay in our country more pleasurable , it will be our delight to oblige you . '' 
 greene smiled and thanked the policeman . 
 `` well , i know where to come for help . '' 
 he noted the look of concern on the officer 's face . 
 `` hey , these things happen , '' he said , reassuringly . 
 `` and there was no harm done . '' 
 the policeman nodded . 
 `` i suppose so . 
 as you english say , ` accidents will happen ' . '' 
 as they left the waterfront , heading back to the stuyvesant , harry tugged at his father 's sleeve . 
 he waited until greene looked at him questioningly . 
 `` dad , '' he said . 
 `` that was n't an accident . '' 
 his father frowned at him . 
 will took an interest . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` there was a man at the top of the hill . 
 i could tell he had something to do with it . 
 just before i knocked the table over , i saw him . '' 
 alan greene opened his mouth to protest , but harry continued . 
 `` it was the same man who was in the hotel last night . '' 
 `` what man ? '' 
 queried will . 
 `` the one by the hasselbaink statue ... '' `` i did n't see anyone . '' 
 `` well it was definitely the same man , '' harry insisted . 
 `` he was up the hill , dressed all in white , and i know -- i ca n't say how -- that he set the truck rolling . 
 maybe it was the look on his face . '' 
 greene stopped and scratched his head . 
 `` you saw a man -- european , yes ? '' 
 harry nodded . 
 `` near where the truck came from ? '' 
 another nod . 
 `` and you saw him last night in the hotel ? 
 are you sure ? '' 
 there was just the slightest suspicion in greene 's mind now . 
 he 'd been in business -- indeed , still was -- where millions of pounds were at stake over the details of certain deals . 
 it was not unheard of for rivals to try to sabotage carefully laid arrangements . 
 but out here in suriname ? 
 no , he reassured himself . 
 too few people knew about the expedition to the jungle . 
 he sought to reassure the boys . 
 `` harry , there are any number of european businessmen in paramaribo ; all seeking to seal deals , to make some money . 
 it would be surprising if we did n't see one or two of them around . 
 and they all wear the same thing in this climate : send a man from northern europe to the tropics and he 'll dig out his man-from-del-monte outfit -- you know : white linen suit , matching hat and sunglasses . 
 they all do it . '' 
 even as he placated the boy , he harboured a nagging doubt . 
 if harry were right and he had seen someone , it would be a little odd for a european not to render assistance ; at least to come to see if any were needed . 
 however , as they strolled through the streets , he let the warmth of the day salve any absurd worries . 
 the business of the morrow beckoned . 
 two streets away , the man they were talking about strode off trying to conceal his agitation . 
 there had been nothing wrong with the plan . 
 the gear had engaged the front axle -- there had just been enough of a delay to allow mw to withdraw from the cab -- and the front wheels had had enough purchase to ease the truck forward off the bricks . 
 then , there was no stopping the thing . 
 it had gathered momentum more quickly than mw would have believed and , trailing the torn belt from its rear axle , thundered down the hill . 
 watching carefully , he had been convinced that his mission was about to be accomplished , that he was about to become five million dollars richer . 
 then , before his eyes , the impossible happened . 
 with hunched shoulders and a resigned air about him , he headed back for his hotel . 
 this evening was going to be a lot more energetic than he had hoped . 
 the problem of the greenes was going to test him . 
 now he had no choice : he must go to the jungle . 
 the notion disconcerted him . 
 the jungle was an unnatural place for human beings -- certainly for this one -- full of dark , unnerving shadows , fast-running water filled with wrigglers and biters , and trees that harboured slithering , clawing , gnawing creatures . 
 even the air , itself , delivered attackers with stings and fangs , with scurrying legs and electric cellophane wings . 
 mw steeled himself . 
 at least he knew where he was headed , thanks to the map he had lifted from the table in the hasselbaink lounge . 
 the greenes ' destination was ringed in black marker and he had five million persuasive reasons to overcome his distaste . 
 chapter nine back at the stuyvesant , alan greene 's plans for a quiet night before their departure the next day , were interrupted when the receptionist handed him a slip of paper . 
 the hotel had taken a phone call while the greenes had been out sightseeing and dodging trucks . 
 alan greene read the message , a frown on his face . 
 `` what is it , dad ? '' 
 will asked . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' replied his father , rereading the note . 
 `` a professor ajay ranmsundar , if i 'm pronouncing it correctly , wants to speak to me before we set off for sipaliwini . 
 he says he is a mycologist at the university of bristol and it is a matter of some urgency . '' 
 `` what 's a mycologist ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , harry . 
 look it up . '' 
 alan greene spoke to the receptionist who smiled and nodded . 
 `` what does he want ? '' 
 asked will . 
 `` i have not the foggiest . 
 i 've never heard of him . 
 but i guess we 'll find out . 
 he suggests we skype him if we get the chance . 
 i 've just asked for the video suite . 
 professor ramsundar says he will be in his office all afternoon . 
 what is it now ? '' 
 he glanced at his watch . 
 `` just gone four ; lunchtime in england . 
 let 's go find out . '' 
 `` hope it does n't take too long , '' harry muttered as he sought a definition for `` mycology '' on his phone . 
 he had plans for the evening . 
 there was a local derby kicking off at five o’clock at the nearby andre kamperveen stadium . 
 sv leo victor were playing sv robinhood in an out-of-season friendly . 
 football-mad harry thought it an opportunity too good to miss and his new-found expertise in surinamese football told him there was great rivalry between the two paramaribo clubs . 
 the video suite was housed in a large bright room off the main lobby . 
 the receptionist showed them in . 
 alan greene declined an offer of assistance : if he could not operate the equipment , then his sons would work it out . 
 there was a large monitor on a desk with a row of chairs before it . 
 he tapped in the number which was written on the paper and waited . 
 a dial tone sounded from some hidden speaker . 
 the connection was made and a voice answered : `` ramsundar . '' 
 greene had pronounced it accurately , it seemed . 
 `` hello ? 
 professor ramsundar ? '' 
 `` ramsundar speaking . '' 
 `` i though you could get a picture ... '' `` i 'm sorry ... who is this ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , professor . 
 i was talking to my sons . 
 this is alan greene . 
 i 'm speaking from paramaribo , in response to your message . '' 
 harry took the mouse that sat on the desk . 
 he activated the screen , resizing the viewing area . 
 `` ah , mr greene , i am very grateful for your call . 
 one moment . '' 
 the screen flickered and a face appeared . 
 `` would you mind switching on your camera ? '' 
 the professor said . 
 harry clicked the relevant icon and a smaller window opened showing the greenes what the professor could now see : the three of them sitting in a row . 
 `` that 's better , '' said the professor . 
 he was a man of about alan greene 's age , with dark hair , carefully combed into a side parting . 
 his dark eyes were intense behind wire-rimmed glasses . 
 `` mr greene , i am so happy i have reached you . '' 
 there was a pause . 
 `` and who are these two young gentlemen ? '' 
 `` these are my sons -- will and harry . '' 
 `` i am very pleased to meet you , if this counts as a meeting in this modern age . '' 
 `` what is it that is so urgent , professor ? '' 
 the professor 's face grew serious . 
 `` i understand that you are engaged in a project that will take you into the surinamese rainforest . '' 
 greene nodded . 
 `` that is the case . '' 
 `` and you will be visiting the sipaliwini district , if my information is accurate ? '' 
 `` right again . 
 you are well-informed . '' 
 greene was slightly guarded : he had not advertised their trip . 
 professor ramsundar must have sensed greene 's caution . 
 `` i have family in suriname , mr greene . 
 a legacy of indian workers shipped over two hundred years ago . 
 i have a second cousin in the interior ministry -- it helps to have contacts when you travel as widely as i used to . 
 when your name passed across his desk , my cousin , knowing about my work , emailed me . '' 
 `` how does what we are doing interest you ? '' 
 `` let me explain . 
 i will try to keep it as brief as possible . 
 i am a bio-organic chemist by training and i specialise in mycology , the study of -- '' `` funguses , '' interrupted harry . 
 the professor paused . 
 `` i prefer ` fungi ' , '' he said , `` given the etymology of the word . 
 but , yes , all types of fungi . 
 `` the path my research has taken over the last few years has focussed on the extraordinary regenerative properties of fungi . 
 i have linked these properties to the problem of neurological regeneration in mammals ; to be specific , to the repair of nerve damage in humans . 
 `` you will be aware that damage to the central nervous system through accident or disease is notoriously difficult to counter . 
 my research suggests that the chemical sequences produced in some fungi might address this problem . 
 i believed that there was , in all probability , a specimen , currently unknown to science , which contained such a sequence . '' 
 `` professor , '' greene broke in , anticipating what was coming , `` you can not expect us to look for a fungus that may not exist . '' 
 `` of course not , mr greene . 
 that would be absurd . '' 
 `` then what is it you want ? '' 
 `` i would like you , if at all possible , to find and retrieve a sample of a fungus that i know exists , one that , if i am right , will revolutionise the treatment of paralysis . 
 indeed , i am hoping that it will , quite literally , allow paraplegics to walk once more . 
 one moment ... '' he drew back slowly from the camera in front of him . 
 the greenes watched as the image on their screen revealed the professor to be sitting in an electric wheelchair . 
 the man in england paused for them to take in his situation then , using the joystick mounted on the arm of the chair , rolled back towards them . 
 `` you see my interest is not purely academic . '' 
 after a pause , greene asked : `` you know it exists ? 
 how ? '' 
 `` because i found it . 
 i held it in my hand . 
 i tested it for the chemical sequence . '' 
 `` i do n't follow . '' 
 `` a year ago , i was not in a wheelchair . 
 i was as fit and healthy as you are now . 
 a year ago , i was in sipaliwini on a field trip , looking for the fungus . 
 two things happened : i found a sample ; and i was shot . 
 i am paralysed from the waist down . 
 i fully appreciate the irony of this , '' he added dryly . 
 harry , who had been following the conversation with waning interest and surreptitiously clockwatching -lrb- he did not want to miss the start of the match -rrb- , suddenly butted in . 
 `` who shot you ? '' 
 he blurted . 
 greene was about to apologise for his son 's tactlessness , but the professor reacted first . 
 `` you know , young man , i believe when i was your age that that is precisely the question that i would have asked . '' 
 he smiled for the first time . 
 `` the answer is that i do not know . 
 as you may be aware -- and are about to find out -- the sipaliwini district is one of the most remote places on the planet . 
 i was not expecting to see anyone while i was there . 
 and , indeed , i did not see whoever shot me . 
 i speculate that there may have been some illegal logging going on and that i was mistaken for an official . 
 i owe my life to the pilot who flew me in . 
 he risked his own life to get me on board the chopper . 
 however , i lost the sample . 
 `` clearly , i am in no position to trek through the forest myself . 
 when i heard that someone else was headed for the same region i was filled with hope . 
 you will forgive me for asking . '' 
 `` no , no , professor , '' said greene . 
 `` we would be delighted to help you . 
 our trip is concerned with commerce , not medicine , but it would be crass to refuse such a request , if you think there is a realistic prospect of locating your fungus . '' 
 alan greene 's mind swiftly connected the proposal the professor was making to the wider aspects of what he was trying to achieve . 
 the commercial implications of a treatment derived from the fungus occurred to him , too . 
 `` we are planning to do some exploring while we are there . 
 if there is any chance we can help you , we will . '' 
 the professor 's gratitude was evident in his face . 
 `` that is very kind of you . '' 
 will spoke for the first time , excited at the prospect of such a noble undertaking . 
 `` how do we know where to look ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` and what to look for ? '' 
 `` you are clearly a boy after my own heart , '' the professor said with a chuckle . 
 `` i have a detailed description of the fungus , together with a set of coordinates which pinpoint the location in which i found it . 
 additionally , i have a photograph ; the specimen is distinctive in its appearance . 
 however , its most striking characteristic is its smell . 
 crush the flesh -- especially that of the cap -- and it releases a pungent odour : sulphur and ammonia mixed . 
 quite distinct . '' 
 it was an unexpected request , but one that alan greene welcomed . 
 he wanted his sons to be aware of the potential resources that resided in the rich ecosystem they were about to encounter . 
 what better way than to search for something that might lead to an important medical breakthrough ? 
 he made a point of checking the professor 's credentials : the university 's website carried a brief and impressive academic biography of professor ajay ramsundar and listed his notable achievements . 
 as promised , ramsundar emailed details of the fungus as soon as the skype session ended . 
 greene was pleased with will 's enthusiasm for the added dimension the search would bring to their trip and , while harry hurried off to watch the football match , and the boys ' father retired to his room to make some calls , will studied the documents the professor had sent them . 
 if they were to be entrusted with such an important task , will felt honour-bound to know what they were looking for . 
 he viewed a series of photographs -- the fungus , taken from a number of angles . 
 the caps -- bluish-grey -- were the shape of elongated bells ; they sat on narrow white stalks . 
 some of the photos showed them growing from the rotting wood of a fallen tree , like little stands of pixie parasols . 
 will downloaded a couple of the pictures on to his phone then , as an afterthought , printed out a copy . 
 he folded the paper and put it in his pocket . 
 he opened a document entitled mpr -lrb- provisional -rrb- , which showed a careful and well-executed pencil drawing of the fungus . 
 the professor had labelled the drawing and , beneath it , there was a fuller description . 
 miraculum percuro ramsundar -lrb- provisional designation -rrb- . 
 the fruiting body of per ram comprises an ovate pileus on a long thin stipe . 
 there is no obvious annulus nor volva . 
 the presence of regular lamellae suggests that the per ram is agaric . 
 the labels on the diagram helped with some of the scientific jargon . 
 the `` pileus '' he deduced was the cap ; the `` stipe '' was what ordinary people called the stalk . 
 much of the rest of the description made little sense to will , but he scanned through it , noting the professor 's emphasis at the end about the smell produced by his new fungus . 
 a final document was a personal note to the greenes , thanking them in advance for their help and wishing them luck . 
 he included a set of gps coordinates and some advice on the particular habitat that supported per ram , as he referred to it . 
 `` should you be so inclined , '' he concluded , `` one of my lectures for my undergraduates , here at the university , has been recorded and uploaded . 
 it covers many of the basics of the wonderful world of fungi -- a sort of mycology 101 , if you like . '' 
 will had time and , while not really expecting to be enthralled by a dry academic lecture on a subject which , for him at least , had held little interest , he clicked on the link and gave the professor his attention . 
 one thing he had to concede after the first five minutes , was that professor ajay ransundar was a natural communicator . 
 the man strode around the dais from which he delivered his talk , and spoke with utter authority on his subject . 
 his hair was longer than it was now and he wore no glasses . 
 the cameras followed him , and cut away shots of the audience showed them laughing at the professor 's jokes and enjoying his presentation . 
 will , too , found himself laughing . 
 more surprisingly , he found the content of the lecture fascinating . 
 there was a surprise at the very beginning , as the professor delivered a little biological history . 
 `` two centuries ago , the first scientists to classify living things recognised only two kingdoms -- the animal kingdom and the plant kingdom . 
 quite reasonably , for the time , they placed fungi in the latter . 
 after all , they grow -- many of them -- from the soil ; and they have rigid cell walls like plants . 
 however , they make very strange plants , do fungi . 
 they are not able to make their own food as plants do through the process of photosynthesis . 
 they lack chlorophyll . 
 in fact , scientists grew to understand that fungi are more closely related to animals than they are to plants -- upsetting for some of the vegetarians amongst you . 
 `` now we know fungi do not belong in the plant kingdom nor the animal kingdom . 
 in fact , these hugely diverse organisms are spread across three kingdoms of their own : protoctista , chromista and eumycota . 
 `` and they exist in abundance across the planet . 
 a quarter of a million have been identified to date . 
 guesstimates for their true number range from a million upwards . 
 `` but let me show you . '' 
 ramsundar spent some time lovingly showing his audience a slideshow of obscure fungi -- slime moulds , yeasts , toadstools , rusts . 
 some of the images were of recognisably mushroom-like structures -- a stalk with a cap on top -- but displaying a rainbow of colours which would never do on the breakfast table . 
 many pictures showed organisms whose architecture seemed to come straight from the realms of science fiction . 
 then there were those which appeared to have no order to them at all -- a stain across a forest floor , for example . 
 and the fungi seemed to thrive in almost any environment , from the dry rot in the frost-bound timbers of a cabin in canada , to the moist , warm , dark spaces between human toes where athlete 's foot -- tinea pedis , to give it its scientific name -- flourishes . 
 as he drew to a close , the professor revealed that one of the contenders for the title of world 's largest organism was a fungus . 
 `` and this is part of that organism , '' he said , holding up a sealed glass jar containing nebulous blobs of matter which looked a little like cocoa-dusted truffles . 
 `` this is armillaria solidipes . 
 in the north-west united states , where i collected this little guy , it covers at least 2,500 acres ; that 's 1,400 football pitches . 
 it is estimated to be two and a half thousand years old . 
 that is one humongous fungus ! '' 
 will had often experienced the effects on him of excellent teaching : it led him to explore further . 
 if it had not been for the ultimate repository of human knowledge -- the internet -- will would have been one of those students whose natural home was in a library . 
 he relished the fact that , as far as fungi were concerned , he was now the resident expert in the greene family . 
 so engrossing was the wealth of information on his new-found interest that he was still poring over articles and videos when his brother returned from the football . 
 it had been an exciting game , according the harry , with the leo victor victorious , 4-3 . 
 it was the cue to join their father for supper before all of them got a good night 's sleep . 
 *** sleep was in short supply that night for mw . 
 his passage into the surinamese jungle was more irksome than he had anticipated . 
 he had collected a few personal items from his hotel room and set off , knowing his journey would take a lot longer than that of the greenes . 
 stepping back into the street , he hailed a taxi and snapped instructions at the driver . 
 away from the city centre were the commercial docks of parbo . 
 there , he would somehow arrange transport into the heart of the dark lands . 
 it was even harder and more time consuming than mw had envisaged and it was as dawn broke over the sipaliwini district that mw was finally able to slip into a fitful sleep . 
 this is not easy when your mattress is the hard duckboard floor of a 1960s speed boat that has seen better days . 
 his sleep-deprived brain tried , with some degree of success , to blank the buzz of the mercury outboard as it whined through the hull of the starcraft . 
 the boat forged its way up the ezel , dew glistening on its windscreen , the temperature yet to rise enough to dissipate it . 
 mw had had a rough night . 
 he 'd had a rough twelve hours , by his lights . 
 finding transport to go 400 kilometres up a river , only part of which was regularly used , into deep tropical rainforest , was not an easy thing to organise at a moment 's notice . 
 the vista which had greeted him when he had climbed out of the taxi , had not looked promising . 
 the milk chocolate of the river suriname undulated to the far bank , over a kilometre away . 
 that bank was much less developed than the wharves on which mw stood , agitated and still trying to return to a feeling of resignation . 
 logically , he knew , he had no choice . 
 the money offered by stone would lead him by the nose straight into the deeply forested areas of the country . 
 it took him two hours of wandering between the river and the warehouses and packing sheds before he found what he sought . 
 the smell of the place had begun to give him a headache -- there were noxious fumes from industrial solvents , the brackish odour of rank water moving sluggishly under the thin rainbows of oil slick that occur in any working harbour , and the cloying stench of fish too long out of the sea . 
 he had n't expected to be carried in luxury . 
 at best , he just wanted to be able to get to the mine , preferably before the greenes ' arrival , in order to investigate the opportunities which might be on offer . 
 he had no real plan ; he trusted to his eye for the main chance . 
 the boat , when he saw it , was the least bad option . 
 only about five metres from prow to stern , open to the elements and , despite its pressed aluminium hull , with rust stains down its gunwales . 
 but it had a chunky outboard and a skipper . 
 the man who owned the boat -- mahogany skinned with a shock of jet black hair which fell untidily over his face but was tied with red and yellow twine at the back -- gazed levelly up at the big american on the dockside . 
 mw wore one of his most winning smiles and casually produced a roll of dollars from his pocket . 
 they had travelled through the remainder of the afternoon , passing the trade craft which carry the interior 's natural resources down to paramaribo . 
 there were a few hardy and adventurous tourists who planned to paddle along the river in canoes , to mw 's utter contempt . 
 but the river was of such proportions that it may as well have been deserted . 
 at dusk , night fell swiftly , as everywhere in the tropics , and the boat had been forced to slow down . 
 the more measured pace seemed to bring the reality of the jungle closer to mw and he shuddered more than once , especially when they reached the point at the south eastern corner of lake brokopondo where the ezel mouthed its way in . 
 not as large as the suriname , he felt the leafy presence on either side of the ezel , despite being able to see nothing . 
 and into the darkness the boat went , remorselessly , kilometre after kilometre , through the chill of the night with only a weak-beamed searchlight to show the way . 
 eventually , just as the velvet black of the night had been smeared with the grey of dawn , mw changed into khaki shorts and a brown shirt , pulling on the walking boots he 'd brought from his hotel . 
 he wrapped himself in a blanket and curled up , as best he could , in the bottom of the boat . 
 before he dropped off , he surreptitiously drew a pistol -- a short-nosed walther p99 semi-automatic -- from the tote bag he 'd brought with him and was now using as a pillow . 
 the skipper , who seemed immune to fatigue , gradually increased the speed of the boat as the light grew . 
 and on they went , deeper and deeper into the jungle . 
 chapter ten there are more comfortable ways to travel into the jungle than on the floor of a speedboat . 
 harry greene got his first real whiff of the adventure they were embarking on as he stepped from the taxi at zorg en hoop in front of a hanger tucked away at the eastern end of the airstrip . 
 its doors stood open to allow the hazy light from the early afternoon sun to illuminate the aircraft that was to take them to the apetina mine . 
 it was an s-70 , not new , but in tip top condition . 
 sikorsky , the manufacturer , supplied a variant of this aircraft to the us military ; with the appropriate paint job and the addition of a pair of m60 machine guns , it was known as the blackhawk . 
 this one -lrb- unarmed -rrb- stood in the shade of the hanger . 
 instead of the dull , radar inhibiting matt black of its military incarnation , this craft had the green and silver livery of the charter company that had provided it . 
 nevertheless , it was an impressive beast . 
 the sight of such a powerful machine suddenly brought home to both boys the step they were about to take . 
 the thought of leaving civilisation and setting out through one of the wildest environments on the planet suddenly became very real . 
 few people had ever trodden the paths they would forge through the jungle . 
 and , at the back of their minds , was the knowledge that they would be beyond immediate help , were they to get into trouble . 
 their worries were partially alleviated by the reassuring sight of mac discussing some last minute details with a woman -- the pilot , judging by her headset -- as they checked the aircraft . 
 the introductions were swift . 
 the pilot , an american from florida , called mary-lou harper , had a ready smile and a confident air . 
 -lrb- useful in a pilot , thought will . -rrb- 
 as she went through the routine pre-flight procedures , will and harry allowed mac to deliver his last words of advice . 
 he would not be accompanying the three explorers : he had old friends he wanted to look up in paramaribo and , if time permitted , in georgetown , over the border in guyana . 
 he directed the boys and their father to a trailer which stood next to the chopper . 
 upon it was a boat , sleek , and sculpted to carve its way through waters of any description . 
 its silvery hull looked thin and light , but tough . 
 `` she 's a raptor , '' mac informed them . 
 `` one of the best boats for what ye need : a sled hull , d’ye see ? '' 
 he rested a hand on the front of the boat . 
 `` great in the shallows ; stable in open water . '' 
 the boat was about eight metres long with no superstructure , save for a screen to give the driver at least some protection from spray . 
 mac reached over and drew back the canvass which covered the boat . 
 in the stern a substantial outboard motor lay next to five plastic jerry cans . 
 `` all the gear ye need , stowed in the boat . 
 mary-lou flies you in ; it 's up to you to get yourselfs oot . 
 but dinnae worry : there 's only the one river . 
 ye 'll find it near impossible tae tek a wrong turn . '' 
 mac smiled to himself . 
 `` it 's what ye wanted , no ? '' 
 he consulted his boss . 
 greene nodded . 
 the boat was moored to the s-70 , the harness paid out between the two craft . 
 at that moment , mary-lou cranked up the twin ge t700 turbo-shaft engines which supply 3,600 horsepower to the rotor blades of the sikorsky . 
 further talk was rendered futile . 
 two minutes later , the chopper lifted off gently and took up the strain on the harness . 
 mac , one hand on the dangling raptor 's gunwale to steady her as she lifted off the trailer , raised his spare hand in a gesture which was half wave , half salute . 
 three greenes waved back . 
 away they went . 
 it took only twenty-five minutes for the sikorsky to reach lake brokopondo , ninety kilometres due south of paramaribo . 
 the great reservoir stretched for 40 km , north to south , and much the same , west to east . 
 mary-lou took them low and fast over the main dam they 'd seen previously only in images rendered from satellite photographs . 
 this was different . 
 it was a monumentally impressive structure , rising over 50 metres into the air and stretching , in total , 12 kilometres to hold back the waters carried by the river suriname . 
 the great lake behind it disappeared into the distance , its wind-rippled surface glinting like sheet steel in the afternoon sunlight . 
 along its leading edge and built into the dam was a series of concrete bunkers each of which housed one of the giant turbines which generated electricity as they were turned by the regulated flow of the water . 
 hydro-electricity was one of the alternatives to carbon-rich fossil fuels . 
 `` it was built specifically with the bauxite mines in mind , '' greene informed his sons . 
 `` that is a major factor in our interest in the mine here . 
 bauxite is mined all over the world but , in suriname , they are thinking about how it 's done responsibly . 
 `` they started this hydro-electric project forty years ago and , even then , there were environmental issues which had to be addressed . 
 i hope we have time to stop off on the way back to check it out . '' 
 as they swooped and headed off over the lake , the helicopter with the boat in its harness , cast an unusual shadow against the vast concrete wall . 
 greene gave the boys a little background . 
 the huge manmade lake covered more than 1,500 square kilometres ; it had taken six years to fill . 
 `` and such a large area of rainforest supported a large range of wildlife . 
 we think environmentalism is a new concept but some people have recognised the importance of looking after the world for generations . 
 the government organised one of the biggest animal evacuations in history . 
 operation ark ii , they called it . '' 
 `` do n't forget the people , '' mary-lou interjected . 
 `` five thousand people had to be relocated . '' 
 `` who lived down there ? '' 
 harry wanted to know , peering out at the dark waters . 
 `` people have always lived in the jungle , '' mary-lou told them . 
 `` there are still communities that have very little contact with the outside world . 
 they tend to settle near rivers and live using hunting and gathering techniques that probably go back to the stone age . '' 
 `` there are still people like that ? '' 
 will exclaimed . 
 `` there are still a few left , yes . 
 not like there were in the ` 60s and ` 70s when there were tribes discovered that knew nothing of the outside world . 
 now , they can leave if they want to . 
 some of them go to parbo . 
 lots stay in the forest . 
 they use modern materials , when they can get hold of them , to build stronger houses . 
 the modern world is slowly killing off a whole way of life . '' 
 mary-lou seemed saddened . 
 `` what about the five thousand ? '' 
 asked harry . 
 `` they had to move out . 
 whole villages , now under tens of metres of water , had to relocate . 
 they moved north of the dam , most of them . 
 they found somewhere else to set up and even took the names of their villages with them . 
 the biggest single move involved two thousand people ! '' 
 `` and all for the bauxite , '' greene senior added . 
 the aircraft made good progress and , looking down , the passengers began to see a growing number of islands . 
 these were the peaks of hills that still jutted above the lake 's surface . 
 the country here had , evidently , been quite mountainous . 
 the eastern side of the lake was a network of islands surrounded by choppy water . 
 there were white peaks on the lake surface as the wind freshened and storm clouds gathered in the sky . 
 the tropical rains threatened . 
 it was the western side that carried most of the river traffic . 
 the river suriname fed the reservoir at its south west corner and provided the main artery into the densely forested sipaliwini district for the industries that operated deep within the jungle . 
 it carried all the rich resources out of the forest and all the way to paramaribo . 
 any supplies , mining materials and workers went in on the empty ore barges as they returned for the next load . 
 alan greene explained all this to harry and will , along with the basics of bauxite extraction -- the methods used and the implications for the rainforest . 
 `` the most important thing is that the area that has been mined is returned to its pristine state once the job is done . 
 it 's no longer acceptable to leave huge holes in the ground . 
 we are perfectly capable of reseeding old mines and , after two or three years , the forest is as good as new . '' 
 will cut in . 
 `` but the media 's always going on about deforestation . 
 you know : ` an area the size of wales is lost every day ' . 
 my geography teacher bangs on about trees on land the size of a football pitch being chopped down every five minutes . '' 
 `` well , some of those statistics must be right , '' greene said , dryly . 
 `` and logging does as much , if not more damage , than mining . 
 but the point is , very rarely does anyone do anything to repair the damage they do . 
 and they could and should . 
 the logging , in particular , can be a massively wasteful and selfish business . 
 look down there . '' 
 he pointed to the lake . 
 in the distance , the boys could see a squat , ugly boat labouring across the lake surface . 
 behind it trailed a great swathe of something . 
 it took the boys a moment to work out that it was a huge log raft , dwarfing the tug which was hauling it metre by painful metre towards some distant sawmill . 
 there must have been thousands of tree trunks -- stiff , limbless corpses -- floating within a retaining chain held up by a series of buoys . 
 the trees looked like matchsticks at this distance ; the tug , a matchbox toy . 
 `` at least that 's slightly more efficient than the logging can be , '' greene told them . 
 `` they use all the mature trees they bring down . 
 a man with a chainsaw will take down thirty trees a day ; they have massive machines that take off the branches ; and the logs are then delivered to the river for transport and processing . 
 `` but , at its worst , the business is just stupidly wasteful . 
 but it makes sense from a business point of view , i suppose . 
 they go after the most valuable trees first . 
 down there , that means mahogany . 
 mature mahogany trees are few and far between -- maybe one or two per hectare . 
 once they find one , they smash their way through the forest to get to it -- sometimes , they use high explosives . 
 imagine the damage that sort of activity does . 
 not just to the trees -- any animals that happen to be in the area or up in the canopy . '' 
 the helicopter flew on . 
 the southern edge of lake brokopondo came into view and mary-lou heeled the machine over to follow the course of the river ezel upstream . 
 it flowed from the highlands on the border between suriname and french guiana , swelled by the rain that fell during the long rainy season which was just drawing to a close . 
 suddenly , harry , who had been peering out of the window , started . 
 `` hey , '' he exclaimed , `` that island is moving ! '' 
 will and their father moved to his side of the aircraft and looked down to where he was pointing . 
 obligingly , mary-lou slowed the helicopter and dropped towards the lake 's surface . 
 bizarrely , harry seemed to be right . 
 at a stately pace , a huge mass of land was drifting down the ezel towards lake brokopondo . 
 harry guessed it must be 40 metres long and half as wide . 
 it was covered in greenery , some of the trees stretching 20 or more metres up into the sky . 
 as she brought the chopper round to its intended course once more , mary-lou spoke . 
 `` when the rains come in the tropics , they really mean business . 
 sometimes , the sheer force of the swollen river just tears off a chunk of land from the bank . 
 the flow will have undermined it over a period of years , maybe . 
 and then , it just goes with the flow until it either gets snagged somewhere else , or gets broken up by the waters . '' 
 the three greenes watched the strange sight of an island drifting and spinning for as long as they could while mary-lou resumed their journey . 
 half an hour later , as it began to rain , they got their first glimpse of the bauxite mine . 
 from a couple of kilometres out , there was nothing to see -- the rolling forest unbroken , except for the silver snake of the ezel . 
 as they drew closer , alerted by mary-lou , they saw a space appear in the trees . 
 it was the same shape and colour as the image they had seen on the plane a few days earlier . 
 now , however , the detail was so much clearer . 
 it was a semi-circular clearing , the scale of which surprised will and harry . 
 the river formed the straight edge of the perimeter . 
 earth colours predominated -- rich ochre , ecru and yellow interspersed by seams of russet and dun -- and stood starkly against the green backdrop . 
 as they dropped closer , they made out the working parts of the site . 
 at its centre stood the processing plant , a great caged factory whose job it was to separate the ore from the earth . 
 it looked like the set of a science fiction movie . 
 enormous conveyor belts reached out like arms from the factory to take all the rock and ore that could be fed into its maw . 
 earth movers and diggers scuttled round , like termites , loading the belts to sate the beast 's appetite . 
 another belt conveyed the spoil in clouds of dust to be discarded along one side of the site ; yet another -- this one covered -- took the precious ore straight to the river , where one barge was just departing and another was preparing to dock at the larger of two jetties constructed on the west bank of the ezel . 
 downstream from the barges , the second jetty had a number of smaller boats moored to it . 
 ashore , there was the complex of living quarters and administrative buildings , next to which was a large h on the ground with a circle painted round it . 
 mary-lou eased the s70 towards the river , exchanging greetings and instructions over her headset with a soaked marshal who stood on the smaller jetty to see her safely down . 
 hovering over the water , she expertly brought the machine low enough for the boat slung beneath it to float close to the jetty . 
 a second man jumped nimbly into the craft , put a line round a convenient horn bollard and reached up to unbuckle the harness . 
 mary-lou pulled away and set the chopper down on the h . 
 they 'd arrived . 
 chapter eleven from a vantage point over two hundred metres away a grimy face peered intently through the sheets of rain at the helicopter as it touched down near the river bank and adjacent to the miners ' living quarters . 
 mw was crouching high above the area of the mine being worked . 
 he had an excellent view of proceedings below him and he was well hidden among the now-muddy piles soil and rock . 
 the southern edge of the mine was where much of the spoil was heaped . 
 thousands of tons of topsoil and stone , loaded with the nutrients which gave the tropical forest its rich diversity , formed a mountain range in miniature . 
 this was the stuff to be put back when the operation had exhausted the mine of bauxite . 
 the undulating heaps rose steeply to a height of over thirty metres in some cases . 
 the foot of the spoil mountains was contained behind a heavy-gauge wire mesh held in place between great steel stanchions which had been driven deep into the bedrock . 
 mw looked across the road which ran along the bottom of the hill upon which he crouched . 
 parallel to the road was the great caged conveyer which never ceased in its labours to carry ore to the river where it would be disgorged into the vast holds of the barges . 
 idly , he leaned against a large boulder . 
 it shifted , slightly . 
 he examined it . 
 an idea occurred to him . 
 at last . 
 he had had a wretched day and he deserved a break . 
 four hours he 'd been ashore in the foul , stinking jungle . 
 so far , it had been nothing but a trial . 
 first , the skipper who 'd ferried him through the night had objected when he 'd been asked to wait for mw 's return . 
 he wanted the money he 'd been promised ! 
 and -- mw got the distinct impression -- the demands appeared to suggest that he did n't trust his passenger ! 
 in the end , mw had firmly put his wad of dollars away and brought out the walther ; stuck it in the skipper 's face . 
 that got the message across . 
 suddenly , the man could not drop him off quickly enough . 
 mw had anticipated walking the last half kilometre of the journey . 
 he wanted to arrive with as little fuss as possible . 
 it suited his modus operandi to arrive unobserved . 
 he was able to enter the mine with no difficulty : security is always light in remote locations . 
 he walked with purpose along the dirt track which ran between the mine and the river . 
 one jeep passed him ; no challenge . 
 he strolled out on to the small jetty , noting the craft bobbing and moored to the wooden structure . 
 `` getaway boats , '' he thought . 
 it was only when he walked nonchalantly out on to the helipad that he was in any way confronted . 
 he switched on the charm as a man stepped from the living quarters , an uncertain look on his face . 
 `` bent u een van onze bezoekers ? '' 
 he asked in heavily accented dutch . 
 he was young and tanned , dressed in blue overalls , brown rig boots , and he carried a blue hard hat . 
 there was a logo on the overalls which was repeated on the hat : a representation of the globe resting in a pair of caring hands . 
 beneath it was the legend , zeeland mineral international . 
 a plastic clip-on badge was pinned to the man 's chest . 
 it identified him as aaron bock . 
 mw smiled broadly and said : `` spreekt u het engels , mijn vriend ? '' 
 the younger man smiled back . 
 `` yes , '' he said , his dutch accent still evident . 
 `` my english is very well . '' 
 he repeated his question : `` are you one of our visitors ? '' 
 all great conmen have one thing in common : an excellent sense of timing . 
 mw saw the chance and took it gratefully . 
 he extended a hand and clasped bock by the elbow as they shook . 
 `` i am that . '' 
 he placed a conspiratorial arm round bock 's shoulder and manoeuvred him into the lee of the living quarters . 
 `` i 've come to get an idea of how the company is running things down here . 
 decker 's the name . 
 say , can you tell me where i can find a guy , name of bock ? 
 i 'm told he 's the man to show me around ; he 's going places , that guy , they told me at head office . 
 very switched on ; knows all about the business . '' 
 as the flattery had its intended effect on young bock , mw expertly eased off . 
 `` but my apologies , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm keeping you from your work . 
 just show me where i can find ... '' he made a pretence of consulting a note in his wallet `` ... aaron , yes , aaron bock . '' 
 as he looked up , he noted with satisfaction the ill-concealed pride on bock 's face . 
 `` it is i , '' bock said , colouring slightly . 
 `` i am bock . '' 
 `` well , what do you know ? '' 
 mw enthused . 
 `` they told me at zmi hq that you could show me the site ; give me an idea of the set up . 
 i do n't suppose you got time to do that now ? 
 it 's just i want to get a feel for it without anyone knowing i 'm here . '' 
 `` i am delightful to show you . 
 please , my jeep . '' 
 and so , with little fuss and a great deal of front , mw found himself being driven round the apetina mine . 
 he did n't know what he was looking for ; just that he 'd know it when he saw it . 
 the words of the email he 'd received from jonas stone echoed in his head : disruption work and interference . 
 no one had said how he was to accomplish this goal . 
 stone just wanted to make sure that greene failed to settle the deal on the mine . 
 mw 's mind turned over the possibilities as they drove . 
 somehow , he needed to put an obstacle in greene 's way . 
 young aaron bock was a good guide and he did n't seem to notice that his guest was not really listening as he pointed out the control centre , which overlooked the entire mine . 
 he showed off the huge pit from various vantage points , detailing the purpose of each machine , showing off his knowledge . 
 he explained the way the grading tower worked ; the way the conveyors were controlled ; and the way in which the mine 's automated systems ensured as economical an operation as possible , delivering the ore to the barges at the jetty . 
 he drove mw around the perimeter , showing him the storage areas , well away from the living quarters . 
 high explosives are best kept out of the way . 
 he stuck to the speed limits on site ; no one appeared anywhere without his hard hat ; and there were notices everywhere reminding people of the stringent safety rules . 
 mw nodded sagely and complimented bock for being part of such a business . 
 in fact , much to his irritation , the whole operation looked wholly professionally run . 
 not much chance of an accident befalling alan greene , thought mw morosely . 
 mw should have smelled the first hint of trouble and slipped quietly away . 
 as the jeep pulled on to the loading jetty for mr decker from headquarters to inspect the efficiency with which ore was transferred into the barges , a large man , cold-eyed , approached them on foot . 
 he wore overalls similar to those worn by bock and a hard hat , too . 
 his was white . 
 it was his bearing that told mw he was a man to be avoided , if at all possible . 
 there was something about his manner that forewarned of his malice . 
 mw did not have time to take evasive action . 
 bock stepped from the vehicle and offered the other man a winning smile . 
 `` mr decker from hq is here to see how we are doing , sir . 
 i 've shown him most of the mine ; just the on-loading to go . '' 
 bock honestly thought he had done the right thing . 
 mw almost felt a twinge of pity for him . 
 bock doubled up as the big man 's fist plunged into his stomach . 
 the breath exploded through his face and he slumped like a shot dog to lie gasping and choking at the side of the jeep . 
 `` you compromise the security of my mine , i compromise you , '' commented the man , in low guttural accented english . 
 mw 's wits had saved him bodily injury on numerous occasions and his mind raced to keep up with developments . 
 there was a group of men -- overall clad -- some distance along the jetty showing only mild interest in the plight of their floored colleague . 
 the workings of the on-loading area continued without pause . 
 the big man strolled casually around the jeep , those cold eyes fixed on those of mw . 
 he wore a patch sewn on to the left breast of his overall which said general manager . 
 below the title was the name adolphus bolt . 
 `` who , '' he spat , `` are you ? '' 
 he stood looking down at mw who estimated quickly that bolt was a good five or six inches taller than him : closer to seven feet than six . 
 broad , too . 
 and athletic -- a boxer , maybe . 
 he looked about forty and the sandy hair that was visible beneath the helmet had signs of grey at the temples . 
 the face , hard and lean , was burned nut brown by a lifetime 's exposure to harsh suns around the world . 
 `` what , in the name of all that is holy , are you doing in my mine ? '' 
 the question was spoken with a quiet intensity that was , somehow , more sinister that a scream of rage . 
 the accent , mw realised , was south african . 
 it took all his nerve not to scoot over to the driver 's side to escape . 
 but , instead , he rallied well . 
 `` mr bolt , '' he began , `` i feel obliged to report your conduct to the board of zmi . 
 we are a modern , forward-looking company and , as such , are not willing to accept brutal treatment such as that i have just witnessed . 
 the rest of your operation seems to be smooth-running and professional . 
 i am , however , not able to turn a blind eye to a man deliberately attacking an employee . '' 
 he began to draw his wallet from his pocket and made a pretence of searching for a pen . 
 `` i am going to need a few details ... '' that was as far as he got . 
 as bolt grabbed him by the shoulders and lifted him bodily from the car seat , mw accepted the fact that his charade was over . 
 he was deposited in the dirt . 
 for a moment he thought bolt would assault him . 
 however , the general manager beckoned a couple of men over , explained something to them in a language that sounded not-quite-dutch . 
 the men seemed interested and , when bolt barked what where clearly a couple of commands , the men grinned , nodded and strode off , evidently in search of something . 
 `` all right , my friend . '' 
 bolt 's tone was far from friendly . 
 `` what is a fat middle-aged american doing in the middle of the jungle ? '' 
 he did not wait for an answer . 
 he looked critically at mw . 
 `` i 'll tell you . 
 you are quarry . 
 and you are in a quarry . 
 clever , hey ? '' 
 he chuckled at his joke . 
 `` i mean you are prey now . 
 when the boys get the rifles , the hunt begins . 
 there is no better quarry than a human : cunning , agile , tenacious . 
 but i have never seen a man outrun a slug from a proper hunting rifle . 
 when they get back here '' -- he glanced after the men he had sent away -- `` you are history . '' 
 mw , under any other circumstances , would have thought the man 's rantings were just that . 
 he would have dismissed the threat . 
 however , two things convinced him otherwise . 
 first , bock spoke again . 
 `` once or twice before this has happened . 
 in the transvaal when i was mining diamonds . 
 two intruders were apprehended . 
 great sport , they were . 
 i got one . '' 
 he cocked his head to one side in thought and a cloud darkened his face . 
 `` only once has a human evaded me ... '' then , two of bolt 's men emerged from a low metal hut , one carrying two rifles , the other , only one . 
 `` you 're not serious , '' mw finally managed . 
 `` it 's ... it 's inhuman . 
 people do n't hunt people . 
 the police will get you . 
 my people will send investigators . 
 you 'll hang . 
 you ca n't do this . '' 
 `` both you and i know you have no people . '' 
 bolt was implacable . 
 `` i wo n't do it . '' 
 mw was resolute . 
 `` i wo n't give you the satisfaction . '' 
 `` you will , '' said bolt . 
 `` it 's an instinct to run from danger . 
 you will not stand in the open and be shot . 
 i 'll give you some advice , '' he added . 
 `` i 'd get going now . 
 see those two ... ? '' 
 he pointed at the men approaching with the guns . 
 `` soon as they get here , you will have a five minute start . 
 i suggest you make the most of the time you have available . '' 
 mw could barely believe what he was hearing . 
 his bluster and bluff left him as the seriousness of the general manager 's intent sank in . 
 bolt was in deadly earnest . 
 `` it 's m-murder , '' mw managed . 
 `` yep . '' 
 bolt looked at his watch , unconcerned at mw 's protest . 
 `` you 'll go to prison . 
 you 'll get executed . '' 
 he was not sure whether suriname still permitted capital punishment , but it had to be worth a try . 
 bolt was unmoved . 
 `` no one will ever know . 
 they did n't find out in the transvaal . 
 this is even more remote . 
 this district is virtually lawless , my unfortunate friend . 
 you have five minutes . '' 
 the gun bearers arrived , looks of anticipation on their faces . 
 in the end , mw blundered blindly away towards the perimeter of the mine , through tears of fear . 
 he crawled under a wire , at the last second realising he had left his bag with the walther in it in the jeep . 
 the next ten minutes were the most frightening of his life . 
 using his five minute start , he managed to get far enough into the jungle to consider hiding . 
 the going was relatively easy -- there was not much undergrowth . 
 he thanked his stars for that until he realised that easy for him meant easy for his pursuers . 
 when he paused to consider a thicket as a hideout , he heard the sounds of the hunters . 
 desperately , he had thrown himself through the jungle . 
 but , no matter how hard he pressed on , the noises of the men behind him grew ever louder . 
 suddenly , the air cracked beside his head . 
 and again . 
 bullets . 
 the second time , the bullet scored a deep scar into the bark of a tree , sending splinters fizzing through the space in front of him . 
 a moan escaped his constricted throat as fear thrust him forward again . 
 shouts of frustration and some laughter mocked him on his way . 
 desperation gripped him . 
 he slithered down a small embankment , caught his foot on the root of a tree and pitched headfirst into a thick bush . 
 his momentum carried him through the foliage and over the edge of a large outcrop of rock . 
 for a long second , he fell , fully expecting injury or death . 
 he was too shocked and drained to cry out . 
 the three men with rifles were quickly at the top of the low cliff from which mw had fallen . 
 they had not seen him go over , that was clear . 
 they used the vantage point it gave them to scan the forest floor for some way ahead , using the scopes on their guns to seek their prey . 
 adolph bolt was able to peer a great distance through the trees . 
 he had mounted on his rifle a new swarovski optik scope with an objective diameter of 50mm . 
 effectively , that meant that a target 100 metres away would appear to be within touching distance . 
 advances in optics never failed to impress the hunter in bolt . 
 as he swept the area in front of him , he picked out individual leaves up to 300 metres away ; spotted the minute movements of birds on distant branches ; and caught the fall of a spider on its silken rope the length of a football field away . 
 all three men scanned the vicinity , concentrating . 
 `` gone to ground , '' grunted bolt . 
 `` for sure , '' one of the others agreed . 
 three metres below them , hidden from the reach of the scopes by a slight overhang of rock , mw listened , trying to control his ragged breathing . 
 the third man spoke , using the language which sounded dutch but was n't . 
 afrikaans , something in mw 's mind told him . 
 bolt responded in his native tongue and , it became clear , they were discussing a plan . 
 keeping his voice low , he repeated the plan to the english speaker . 
 `` he 's not far . 
 we 'll have some fun . 
 try to wing him ; bring him down . '' 
 their determination and lack of humanity drove a shaft of hopeless terror into mw . 
 he would die in the jungle , lost and forgotten . 
 it was not fair . 
 damn jonas stone for sending him to this hell-hole . 
 and damn alan greene for not sitting tight on the parbo waterfront , for having the gall to avoid the thundering truck . 
 something moved against his neck . 
 the soft loam , in which he lay , wriggled . 
 something slithered against his skin . 
 daring to move only incrementally , he edged his head round slowly to bring his eyes into a position where he could look down at his left shoulder . 
 a snake was trying to nestle into his armpit . 
 it was a beautiful vibrant emerald , its head , which was all mw could see from that angle , about nine centimetres long . 
 it was wholly involuntary but , nevertheless , the gasp that escaped his mouth must have reached the ears of one of the men above him . 
 a low harsh `` hush ! '' 
 stilled the other two . 
 agonisingly , mw could picture the scene above him as the men , signalling silently to each other , pointed to the edge of the rock on which they stood . 
 there would be circling movements with hands , one man directed left , one right . 
 down they 'd come , while one stood guard at the top . 
 there would be no chance for escape . 
 at best they 'd make him run while they sighted him in the cross-hairs and the bullet would bring him down . 
 mw nearly sobbed . 
 then , distantly , came the clattering whoomp , whoomp , whoomp of a helicopter approaching . 
 it was some way away but the noise had an immediate effect on bolt . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 he barked . 
 `` both of you ! 
 leave it ! '' 
 mw actually saw the booted foot of one of the men , not four metres from where he was trying to screw himself into the forest floor . 
 it hesitated , then turned and climbed to higher ground . 
 `` it must be the greene party . 
 come to see how we do business in the jungle . '' 
 bolt 's voice was full of disappointment . 
 `` they are early . 
 trying to catch us out . 
 come on . 
 we 'll return to this later . 
 he can not get far . 
 it will be interesting to track him . '' 
 the sound of the men receding from him was pure joy for mw . 
 the sound of the helicopter reminded him of his purpose in the jungle and of five million dollars . 
 he reached down and , with a shudder of horror , gripped the snake just behind its head and flung it into a bush . 
 chapter twelve picking himself up from the forest floor , having given his tormentors plenty of time to clear off , mw began to feel human again . 
 he had been hunted for real . 
 shortly before being plunged into a living nightmare , with an almost certain fatal outcome for him , he 'd been doing what he did best . 
 aaron bock had been convinced of his credentials , not surprisingly : the man must have known the mine was due a high-level visit . 
 mw really liked the feeling of power that conning people gave him . 
 the money was good , for sure . 
 but it was the knowledge that he could manipulate fellow human beings with his concoctions and fantasies which made the game worth the candle . 
 and now he realised he had never before felt such a feeling of hatred for a human being . 
 but the general manager , adolphus bolt -lrb- that name was forever seared into mw 's memory -rrb- , had he known the intensity of animosity directed at him , would have flinched . 
 his mind raced . 
 he knew he would need to get back to the river ; he would need to steal a boat if he were ever to get back to civilisation . 
 he steeled himself as he realised he would almost certainly have to go through the mine again ; run the risk of crossing the path of bolt . 
 if he were going to do that , it would be on his terms , this time . 
 buoyed by that thought and invigorated by anger , mw picked himself up and began , cautiously , to retrace his steps . 
 at least things could get no worse , he thought , grimly . 
 then the rain began . 
 sometime later , with nowhere else to go , mw had crawled cautiously under the wire which delineated the edge of the mine . 
 from a distance , the noises of industry -- diggers , engine gears and exhaust sputters -- carried to him . 
 they were muffled by the towering manmade mountain before him : the spoil piles . 
 mw was already filthy , covered with the slime and mud that the jungle had generated in conjunction with the tropical downpour which had just soused the land . 
 he thought nothing of climbing the dark slope before him . 
 he had no plan , no thought , other than to exact revenge on the man who had tried to kill him . 
 he just needed to take stock ; see how the land lay before him . 
 and now he found himself looking down at the mine . 
 he sat next to a small but significant lake . 
 the rainstorm had filled a depression in the artificial hills . 
 a massive weight of water -- a ton a cubic metre -- pressed heavily on the loosely packed overburden . 
 how many thousands of tons of spoil there were , mw could not tell . 
 however , he instinctively knew that the boulder against which he leant , acted like a plug -- a mini dam -- which stopped a catastrophic collapse . 
 as he realised this , he saw the jeep carrying his enemy , and the man he needed to stop , right into the path of the rock slide he could initiate with little effort . 
 he suddenly took a great interest in the speed at which the jeep approached and began to imagine where his landslide would finish . 
 *** as the clatter of the chopper blades subsided , it seemed the jungle answered this intrusion with a roar of its own . 
 a rumble of thunder rolled fatly across the site and the rain grew heavier . 
 a welcome party hurried the group from the helicopter quickly over to the quarters where the miners took their rest and ate their meals . 
 part of the temporary accommodation was set aside for important visitors -- executives from zmi , for instance . 
 greene and his boys shook off the wetting they 'd got as they 'd sprinted the thirty metres to the smart reception area which led to a comfortable room with office facilities and soft seating . 
 a man wearing shorts and a short sleeved tropical shirt greeted them warmly as they stretched their stiff limbs . 
 his face , slim and pale and adorned by a pair of rimless spectacles , did not seem to fit with the jungle setting . 
 his hair , too , was out of place -- black and waxed to perfection in an old-fashioned side parting . 
 he looked like a city lawyer , greene thought . 
 `` welcome to apetina on behalf of zmi , '' he said . 
 though he spoke with a neutral english accent , he pronounced the zed , `` zee '' , in the american manner . 
 `` i 'm harvey clarridge . 
 i look after the legal aspects of the company 's interests down here . '' 
 greene smiled to himself . 
 `` how do you do ? '' 
 he shook the man 's slim limp hand . 
 `` these are my colleagues , harry and will greene . '' 
 he paused as a look of puzzlement passed over clarridge 's face . 
 `` they also happen to be my sons , '' he smiled . 
 `` keep it in the family , and all that . '' 
 this seemed to satisfy clarridge , although he treated each of the boys to a moment 's hard scrutiny before returning his attention to greene . 
 `` make yourselves at home . 
 there are sleeping quarters with adequate facilities just through there . '' 
 he indicated a door at the rear of the room . 
 `` and , should you choose to eat alone , there is a fully stocked kitchen also . 
 of course , you are more than welcome to dine in the canteen which provides us with some very good fare . 
 `` may i apologise for the absence of mr bolt . 
 he really wanted to be here to greet you in person , but i 'm afraid he had to shoot off . 
 he 'll be along shortly . '' 
 clarridge left the greenes to settle in as the rain intensified , dropping vertically in great curtains outside the windows and beating an alarmingly loud tattoo on the corrugated iron roof . 
 `` well , guys , we 're confined to quarters for the foreseeable , '' greene observed , unnecessarily , peering at the scene outside where the dusty mine workings had been rapidly turned into a thick quagmire . 
 `` you heard the man : make yourselves at home . '' 
 the downpour petered out after only fifteen minutes or so and , as the last drops clanked metallically overhead , a vehicle drew up outside and there was a knock at the door . 
 before alan greene could move from his laptop , which he had set up on a coffee table , a man stooped through the entrance , a warm smile on his face . 
 `` you brought the weather with you ? '' 
 asked the general manager jovially . 
 he strode across the room to greene , hand outstretched . 
 he had changed into a smart pair of tan chinos and a blue denim shirt with the zmi logo on the left breast pocket . 
 for a few minutes , introductions were made and there was an acceptable amount of small talk . 
 adolphus bolt showed great interest in the boys -- `` i have a son your age back home , '' he confided in harry . 
 `` bernard , he 's called . 
 a good lad and a sportsman . 
 rugger is his game ; you play ? '' 
 harry nodded and they talked briefly about the upcoming lions ' tour of south africa which , harry had to concede , looked likely to go the springboks ' way . 
 then , as greene and bolt began to discuss the meat of the visit , clarridge returned , bearing documents that would determine , in part , whether the proposed partnership between greene and zmi would be cemented . 
 though he had introduced his sons as his colleagues , alan greene realised that the minutiae of business-speak would not engage either of them for years to come . 
 will and harry took the hint when he suggested they see whether mary-lou needed anything and went outside to get their first proper look at the mine . 
 fortunately , duckboards had been laid across much of the area outside the miners ' quarters . 
 both boys were spared the need to slop through the mud . 
 -lrb- harry was particularly relieved as he still had on his prized basketball boots . -rrb- 
 they made their way over to the parked aircraft and spent some time talking to mary-lou . 
 will , especially , showed great interest in the workings of the machine . 
 the pilot , like any enthusiast , was more than willing to give the guided tour , explain the fundamentals and share her experiences as a flier . 
 will had recently been up in a fixed wing aircraft -- a gobosh two-seater trainer plane -lrb- highly agile -rrb- -- as part of a post-gcse activity week organised by his house master at castlemead school . 
 he had loved it . 
 he 'd been given the controls at 4,000 feet and performed some basic manoeuvres before the instructor had shown him the capabilities of the plane . 
 anything agile that flew was top of will 's priority list from then on . 
 he was about to angle for a lesson in the sikorsky before mary-lou returned to paramaribo when his father and the mine 's general manager emerged from their meeting . 
 all had gone well and alan greene wanted a cursory look round the site so he might tally what he saw here with what was detailed in the glossy brochure outlining the environmental credentials of the operation . 
 `` it 's usually nice to walk , '' bolt was saying . 
 `` but after a sibibusi it 's not altogether practical . '' 
 greene queried : `` sibibusi ? '' 
 `` the heavy rain shower . 
 the local name is ` sibibusi ' . 
 it translates , roughly , as ` forest broom ' , as in a brush which sweeps through the jungle . 
 anything dead or weak or useless is swept away . '' 
 will and harry looked about . 
 though it had not lasted long the torrent from the sky had ravaged the landscape . 
 no longer was the mine a light tan colour . 
 now it was dark , almost black ; great gouts of mud covered the ground . 
 huge runnels had been created by the volume of water seeking the shortest route to the river which was now a boiling rolling maelstrom of white-flecked chocolate . 
 branches had been torn from trees and strewn across a wide area ; some chunks of land floated away on the river in vast clumps like the moving islands they 'd seen from the chopper over lake brokopondo . 
 `` i suggest we drive until the sun dries things out , '' bolt went on . 
 `` by the time we 're half way round , it 'll be back to normal . 
 that might be the last rain of the season . '' 
 he looked optimistically at the sky . 
 `` sometimes it is over by the middle of july . 
 `` but first , let 's get an overview . '' 
 he led them round the corner of the building and in through the entrance to the control tower . 
 a short flight of stairs took them up on to a viewing platform which overlooked the entire site . 
 adjacent to the platform was the glass-sided operations room . 
 bolt pointed out the salient features of the mine : the loading jetties , the piles of spoil and the great gaping pit in the middle . 
 a middle-aged man with a paunch covered by a checked shirt emerged from the operations room . 
 he had a large bald patch which he endeavoured to cover with strands of hair that he grew on either side of his head . 
 the result , thought harry , looked knitted . 
 he wore sandals and white socks which showed under his too-short trousers . 
 in the breast pocket of his shirt he had lined up seven or eight ball-point pens of varying colours . 
 `` ah , dr flavin . 
 so glad you could find the time to join us . '' 
 bolt turned to greene . 
 `` dr flavin , our chief engineer , is the brains of the operation . 
 he makes the mining methods used here viable ; makes it possible for us to make any money out of this pit . '' 
 greene and flavin shook hands . 
 `` doctor , mr greene and his associates are keen to learn as much as they can . 
 do the honours , please . '' 
 the engineer would clearly have preferred to have remained in his air-conditioned control room . 
 he dabbed a grubby handkerchief at the back of his neck as he began . 
 he voice was softer than bolt 's but the accent was the same . 
 `` what we 're after is the ore , which lies in layers several metres thick below the surface . 
 it used to be the case that the whole area would be stripped of anything that gets in the way . 
 that 's why it 's called strip mining ; there 's a clue in the name . '' 
 there was no humour in the man 's voice . 
 `` there were conditions placed upon our work permits by the surinamese government . 
 we had to develop a technique which would satisfy the environmentalists -- not that they 'd know we were doing anything different in the depths of the south american jungle -- and still allow us to make an honest profit . 
 so we strip back the forest , sell the timber -lrb- it would be a waste not to -rrb- , cut away the top soil -- which we store . '' 
 he made a vague gesture into the middle distance at the spoil piles . 
 `` then we dig out the ore : mechanical force and dynamite . 
 `` the conveyers draw all the aggregate to the hub which corrals the mix , performs a first phase sort ; it then delivers the ore to the jetty for dispatch and sends the spoil to storage points around the site . 
 the whole storage operation is designed so that when we come to replace and restore the area to its former glory , the right layers are put back in the correct order . 
 it is an operation made possible only through the use of a first class software program , designed specifically for this operation . 
 by me . 
 `` the last stage is to level the site and redistribute the top soil -- millions of tons of it . 
 then our tame biologists come in and reseed the whole area . 
 frankly , they tell us that it is not strictly necessary as nature would perform the task once we 've gone . 
 but , we give her a hand and the mix they use is based entirely on what was here before we arrived . 
 after only two years , the place is well on its way to complete regeneration . 
 of course , the trees take many more years to reach maturity . 
 but they at least have the opportunity . 
 and , in the meantime , the animals begin to return . 
 it used to be the case that the mining companies would just abandon their spent mines , move on . 
 the areas would remain barren if the crucial top layers were not replaced -- no plant life , no animals . 
 ` desertification ' , i think the eco-scientists call it . '' 
 when flavin finished , bolt showed them round the ops centre -- stainless steel , ranks of computer screens , what appeared to be a master control panel -- and then ushered them out into the heat once more . 
 they spent a few minutes watching the mine work from the viewing platform before climbing into a jeep to have a closer look . 
 bolt took the wheel and eased the car away from the buildings and on to the track which linked the various areas of the operation . 
 as they pulled away alan greene asked what was housed below the viewing platform : there seemed to be space beneath it . 
 the general manager muttered something about his personal living quarters and office , then joked that that was where they put the workers who did n't pull their weight and immediately drew his passengers ' attention to the radio mast which stood next to the control tower . 
 `` it 's the only way we can communicate with the outside world . 
 there 's no coverage for anything else . '' 
 will half expected the general manager to show them his office but , at that moment , there was a shuddering roar as an engine , deep within the quarry , burst into life . 
 `` oh , you really must see this , '' bolt enthused . 
 he drove the short distance to the edge of the huge pit , pulling up next to a sturdy guard rail . 
 will and his father joined bolt to look down at the mine 's workings . 
 harry , who could see from his seat , stayed in the jeep to avoid the mud . 
 it was only when he was standing on the rim looking down at the huge hole that will realised just how colossal it was . 
 the sight was impressive -- enough for will to put out of his mind the thought that there had been something evasive in bolt 's dismissal of his own quarters . 
 it was only an impression but , for the moment , the boy let it go for the next hour , bolt guided them round the apetina mine . 
 his method was impeccable ; his manner exemplary . 
 greene had not a single niggle of doubt that this man was running an operation which was both profitable and environmentally responsible . 
 the research he had carried out before flying to suriname seemed to have paid off . 
 bolt filled in the details of modern bauxite extraction ; of the exacting pains to which the mining company went to ensure that the jungle was reinstated in pristine condition after the final digger left , after the last barge moved downstream , when the small army of workers was moved to the next project . 
 `` zmi knows its responsibilities . 
 in the modern age there is no hiding place for environmental hooligans -- even in this backwater ! 
 look at the trouble the russians have had . '' 
 `` with their industry ? '' 
 will prompted . 
 he was keen to show that he was not just along for the ride on his father 's whim . 
 he had read about the eco-horrors the old soviet union had managed to cover up during the cold war era . 
 alan greene listened proudly as his son discussed with bolt the disregard moscow had shown for the environment in the vast hinterlands of tajikistan and uzbekistan . 
 whole ecosystems had been destroyed by the industrial pollutants poured into the atmosphere -- many produced by metals production . 
 worse for the people , had been the effects on agriculture . 
 grimly , ordinary russians had joked that their new national symbol should be a toothless , crooked cow , such were the deformities wreaked on their livestock . 
 and they were forced to continue to drink the milk and eat the beef from the mutant herds ; their children , too . 
 since the breakup of the soviet union , much of the environmental abuse had been observed and documented : great swathes of land , bigger than whole western european countries , were sticky morasses of oils and toxic sludge , sunsets stained to unnatural hues by rising gases , people in living hell . 
 and , of course , chernobyl , the biggest of the lot : a disaster that had rained radiation across much of northern europe ; too big to hide . 
 they turned their attention to the new methods of screening the ore . 
 ore could now be analysed at the point of extraction and graded according to its purity . 
 this meant that it could be loaded for transportation to the most suitable distant refinery , here , at the mine . 
 `` that cuts out the need for a whole processing centre in parbo . 
 reduces energy wastage , unnecessary journeys and keeps the costs down , too , '' bolt informed an impressed alan greene . 
 `` everybody 's happy . '' 
 harry peered inquisitively from the back seat of the jeep , while will leant forward to listen to the conversation in the front . 
 both boys were a little overawed by the scale of the enterprise . 
 their amazement grew further as the vehicle carried them down to the floor of the mine . 
 great terraces towered above them and they each had a feeling that the weight of the earth was stacked above them . 
 down here in the pit where they felt dwarfed by their surroundings , gargantuan trucks roamed like metal dinosaurs , the roar of their great diesel engines rumbling across the rapidly drying floor . 
 some of them looked like the indestructible toy trucks they 'd played with as toddlers ; but these were eight and more metres high . 
 their wheels were taller than the height of two tall men . 
 others resembled extra-terrestrial transporters with similarly giant proportions . 
 they looked perfectly at home in the strange , desolate environment and hauled themselves up impossible inclines spewing mud and dust from their wheels . 
 though will was as impressed with all the hardware as harry , he concentrated on the questions his father put to the general manager . 
 most he understood and could work out why an investor would need to know such things . 
 some -- and he made a mental note to ask his father later -- he could not fathom at all . 
 they left the floor of the mine and climbed steadily up the track which spiralled slowly back into the real world -- a world where they could see colours other than browns . 
 the vibrant and freshly rinsed green of the jungle sparkled beyond the perimeter fence . 
 they emerged on the side of the quarry furthest from the control tower , where they had started . 
 the track followed the foot of the heaps of spoil which towered above them to their right , great solid manmade hills , steaming dry in the tropical heat . 
 to their left , as they drove on towards the river and the loading area , the great conveyer rose from the pit and followed the track on the other side . 
 they entered the unnatural canyon between spoil heaps and corrugated iron conveyer . 
 chapter thirteen the first inkling they got of any danger was when a trickle of drying soil cascaded from the top of the mesh which held back the tons of earth and rock . 
 it was just a puff of dust ahead of them and about ten metres above them , but it alerted bolt . 
 something unusual in his perfectly run operation was always a matter for concern . 
 he stepped lightly on the brake , slowing the car . 
 he was the only one who had seen anything and now his eyes scanned the leading edge of the spoil heap . 
 it was just as well . 
 a boulder the size of an armchair appeared and teetered on the edge before crashing down into the roadway before them . 
 that got the greenes ' attention -- curiosity , not alarm , to begin with . 
 as bolt slewed to a halt , there was a look of agitation on his face . 
 as he stepped from the vehicle and approached the boulder , which stood stonily in the middle of the track , the look turned to puzzlement . 
 he stood peering up at the hulking pile of rock and earth . 
 the mesh restraint stretched up ten metres , and away towards the river and back where they had come from . 
 behind him , the corrugated wall of the conveyer seemed to hem them in . 
 the boulder blocked the way forward . 
 bolt suddenly cocked his head to one side , still peering up from the trap into which they had inadvertently driven and of which they were completely unaware . 
 he was listening . 
 understanding that they were not going to go any further forward for the moment , greene and the boys dismounted and approached the blockade . 
 alan greene moved towards the solid wall to their right . 
 it was n't quite solid , he realised , as he placed a hand against the mesh . 
 it was compacted behind the wire . 
 his sons moved to the other side of the track so they might see more clearly where the trouble lay . 
 greene 's curiosity changed the course of his sons ' lives forever . 
 what bolt had heard was the hissing rumble of a landslide . 
 to begin with , it had been muffled . 
 now , it burst forth from the top of the spoil heap . 
 earth and rock and water blocked the sky as it was launched by its own momentum into the space above the jeep , where it seemed to hang suspended for an instant before it hurtled down to fill the gap bounded on the far side of the track by the wall of the conveyer . 
 bolt neatly stepped round the boulder and avoided all but the smallest shower of debris . 
 will and his brother had been peering up ; saw the danger just in time to sprint the other way back past the jeep . 
 the whole thing was over in just twenty seconds . 
 through the cloud of dust kicked up by the fall , will began to search for his father . 
 harry joined him . 
 they found the jeep tipped on to its side and pushed back against the iron sheets which housed the conveyer . 
 there was no sign of alan greene . 
 instead , hundreds of tons of spoil lay heaped on the track . 
 a panic seized the boys as they began tearing at the rocks looking for any sign of life . 
 their efforts were interrupted when bolt shouted for their help . 
 he was over the other side now , crouching beneath the enmeshed heap of spoil . 
 the mesh had held , had done its job . 
 it seemed that the landslide had been caused by too great a build-up of loose overburden at the summit of the pile . 
 glancing up as he made his way to where bolt was cautiously lifting rocks , harry noticed the way in which a natural funnel had been created by the force of the landslide , just above the level of the restraining mesh , some ten metres up . 
 for an instant -- too fleeting for certainty -- harry caught sight of a man 's face , or what he took to be a man 's face . 
 before he could focus on the glimpse , it was gone . 
 in the strange world of disaster , it did n't seem odd . 
 harry 's mind stored the image in a backwater : a grimy , bearded , dark face , almost blending into the background . 
 could have been a trick of the light . 
 then he turned to where bolt had found alan greene . 
 he lay on his back . 
 unmoving . 
 he was partially buried and , as the boys approached apprehensively , bolt was clearing earth from around the bloodied face . 
 greene 's eyes were closed . 
 `` is he ... all right ? '' 
 harry managed . 
 he nearly retched in his fear-induced panic . 
 `` give him some room , '' bolt ordered without looking up . 
 he produced from his pocket a small walkie-talkie . 
 `` channel two . 
 emergency . 
 tell ` em what 's happened and where we are . '' 
 will took the device and was grateful for the opportunity to occupy himself doing something useful which distracted him for his father 's plight . 
 harry bent to help the general manager who muttered , `` careful , boy '' , and continued to lift rocks . 
 like his brother , harry was glad to be doing something rather than just standing passively by . 
 he reached for a large flat stone and lifted it . 
 there was a lot of blood in the space he revealed . 
 he recognised the pattern of the combat trousers he knew his father to be wearing , except for the shiny white nub which sat just above alan greene 's knee . 
 shock is a peculiar thing and , thankfully for harry , it numbed his initial reaction . 
 what he found himself looking at , what he suddenly understood , was that his father 's femur -- his left thigh bone -- had snapped and lanced through the flesh of the leg . 
 harry vomited . 
 it took less than three minutes for the rescue crew to respond to will 's call . 
 another jeep and a land rover , ignoring the speed limit , crunched to a halt . 
 men poured out . 
 one of them , carrying a small black leather case and a much-needed air of calm authority , took command . 
 evidently a man of medical experience , he squatted beside the still figure and began his examination . 
 the boys were pushed gently away from the scene , ushered into the land rover . 
 will recognised the concerned tone of the voices , the reassurances which were less than convinced or convincing . 
 through the numbing fog of fear and uncertainty , will 's perception became fragmentary : the medic glancing up at the general manager ; a shake of the head ; then bending to his task once more . 
 and will was transported back six years -- six and a half years -- to the beginning of the spring term at castlemead , to the dreadful day he has learned of his mother 's death . 
 the events before and after his grief-stricken father had arrived would never leave him . 
 it had been twenty minutes before morning break and he and his classmates were clockwatching , waiting for skinner watts to finish his lesson on life in the trenches during world war one . 
 `` no , steven , they did not have fighter jets in the trenches , '' watts said , exasperated at the questions he 'd fielded every year since he 'd become a teacher . 
 `` neither did either side have a tactical nuclear strike capability , martin . 
 -lrb- though , arguably , the stalemate would have been ended sooner had that been the case . -rrb- 
 verity ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` nor helicopters . 
 now , may we just get back to ... ? '' 
 the pause had been caused by the unmistakeable whump-whump-whump of the blades of a helicopter chopping at the air . 
 the coincidence had the class laughing and straining to see through the window . 
 the machine must be quite near . 
 and then will had known something was wrong . 
 he recognised his father 's aircraft , the registration number , as the german-built eurocopter 135 hovered above the school 's beautifully groomed hockey pitch . 
 slowly , the blue and yellow craft touched down . 
 it was sleek and new , the tail rotor distinctively enclosed in the fuselage . 
 will remembered holding back as all the children in his class crowded to the classroom windows to get a better view . 
 much more interesting than stale history books . 
 skinner watts bowed to the inevitable . 
 through the eager huddle at the window , will glimpsed his father stepping from the aircraft as the rotors slowed . 
 some of his friends turned and looked at him , smiles of reflected glory on their faces . 
 they failed to recognise the import of the unannounced visit : no mother . 
 will knew at once . 
 the message came from the head ; watts stepped out of the classroom to confer with matron , gave will a sympathetic look as he left ; a traumatic walk through a silent school to the oak-panelled office accompanied by his housemaster ; the final confirmation etched so plainly on his father 's face . 
 the details were made more poignant by the fact that alan and corinne greene had been celebrating their wedding anniversary on a dream cruise in the antarctic . 
 on the morning of the anniversary , they had stepped on to the foredeck of the small liner just as the captain brought the ship alongside the stunning and pristine ice floe at the edge of the weddell sea . 
 the larsen b ice shelf soared above the deck thirty metres into the cobalt sky . 
 timing is everything with accidents ; and corinne greene had been in precisely the wrong place at precisely the wrong time . 
 the structural integrity of the shelf failed and a slab of ice the size of an office block slid into the water . 
 the last piece crossed the guard rail and struck corinne on the head , casting her in the hypothermic sea . 
 she had been dead before the cold seeped into her bones . 
 there had been no tears , initially . 
 they came later . 
 harry , younger , had joined will and alan greene , the bewilderment protecting him from the reality for a few precious minutes . 
 then , with no other emotional response to offer , he 'd cried into his father 's coat . 
 his were tears of fright rather than of sorrow . 
 eight is too young to know what death is . 
 and now , were the two brothers to be orphaned in the remote jungles of south america ? 
 no one seemed to be able to tell them . 
 it fell to harvey clarridge , the lawyer , to look after the brothers while arrangements were made for their father . 
 he had made the right , though unconvincing , noises as the doctor had followed the stretcher bearers into the mine 's basic medical facility . 
 will and harry returned to the living quarters to await any news . 
 it was delivered by the general manager after an hour . 
 alan greene had regained consciousness , appeared lucid and was grateful for the painkillers that the doctor had administered . 
 while greene had been out cold , the doctor had done the best he could with the smashed leg ; had made sure no arterial damage had occurred and strapped the limb to a plastic splint ; it would need sophisticated surgical attention soon . 
 the head wound had bled copiously as head wounds are liable to do but , as far as the doctor could tell , the skull had not been broken . 
 however , there was a high likelihood of concussion and greene would need to be monitored for signs of anything more serious . 
 there were various lacerations , abrasions and bruises all over him which would be painful but not critical . 
 `` i guess your trip is over , lads , '' bolt had concluded . 
 `` your old man needs the hospital . 
 the chopper is the only way for him to get there . 
 we 've recalled the lady who dropped you here . 
 she should be here early in the morning . '' 
 `` can we see our dad ? '' 
 harry asked . 
 `` this way , '' bolt said . 
 alan greene was pale beneath his tan , the stark lights in the medical room emphasising his unhealthily ashen skin . 
 a bandage covered the top of his head and the damaged leg rested in its protective case . 
 he was propped up on a couch of the sort found in doctors ' surgeries , and a drip , hanging from a hook , fed into his left arm . 
 he managed a tight smile as his sons entered and gripped each of them by the arm in turn . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' he tried to reassure them , sounding far from normal . 
 there was grogginess from the blow on the head and from the pain-deadening drugs which flowed from the drip . 
 `` mr bolt tells me you two are all right , that the landslip missed you . '' 
 he raised his eyebrows enquiringly . 
 the boys nodded . 
 there was relief on both their faces . 
 `` so , a great start to our mission to save the planet , '' said greene with a weak chuckle . 
 `` maybe the planet 's trying to kill me . 
 i 'm afraid we 're going to have to have a rethink . '' 
 `` dad , all that matters is that you get the treatment you need , '' will reassured him . 
 `` mary-lou is on her way back and they 'll be expecting you in parbo . '' 
 the boys spent a few more minutes with their father saying nothing of any consequence until the doctor interrupted and gently ushered them from the room , explaining that the painkillers and delayed shock meant the best thing for his patient was complete rest . 
 will and harry walked over to the living quarters through the rapidly falling dusk and settled in for the night . 
 as they each privately sent up a prayer of thanks for the survival of their father , a shadowy figure descended from the spoil heap where it had been residing in something less than the comfort it was used to . 
 mw was stiff , dirty and desperately tired . 
 but he consoled himself with his new millionaire status . 
 most people dream of having more money than they have , more than they ever will have . 
 many fantasise about spending those untold , improbable amounts of cash -- whether in luxury car showrooms or in designer clothes shops -- and mw had had much of the afternoon to plan idly his purchase of a comfortable retirement . 
 the caribbean : a beach-side villa in a quiet area , nothing too flash ; not good to draw attention to oneself after a career like his . 
 mw had watched the landslip engulf alan greene ; he 'd seen the inert figure being dug out and carried gingerly away . 
 he knew greene 's foray into the jungle was over . 
 hell , his foray through life may be over . 
 any guilt mw may have felt was assuaged by the thought of those five million dollars that he would collect after one email to jonas stone . 
 he had no doubt that stone would honour his side of the bargain ; after all , $ 5 million was pocket money to jonas . 
 but , he had to get out of the damned jungle first . 
 his position looked bleak . 
 he was over 400 kilometres from anything approaching civilisation . 
 there was a man in the mine who wanted to chase him through the forest taking pot shots at him with a high powered rifle . 
 and he had lost all the meagre possessions he had brought with him . 
 he dropped from the pile of earth on to the track which had brought the greenes ' jeep to near-fatal disaster . 
 he was some way from the mess he had caused and which was now being cleared by a team of miners under arc-lights . 
 staying close to the perimeter fence , in the deepest shadows , he set off for the north east corner of the mine where the living quarters and control tower were situated . 
 there were two parts to his plan : find bock 's jeep to regain his tote bag ; and steal a boat to get him back to parbo . 
 chapter fourteen `` i feel like i 've lost something , '' will announced . 
 he was staring at the laptop screen only half interested in the information he had sought on the internet . 
 the words , `` compound fracture '' , were followed by the definition : `` a fracture in which the bone is sticking through the skin . 
 also called an open fracture . '' 
 there were two graphic photographs helpfully showing bones sticking through the skin . 
 will had already determined that the concussion his father had suffered was not cause for alarm -- `` with concussion , cerebral function may be interrupted but there is no structural damage to the brain '' , he had read . 
 the alarm and worry caused by alan greene 's accident had subsided but had been replaced by a sense of regret . 
 will felt disappointment . 
 the sights he 'd seen , the scenes he 'd witnessed , the colours , the immensity , the vibrancy , of the rainforest , all held a great charm for him . 
 he wanted to see more of it . 
 he had expected a slow cruise down the river ; he had been looking forward to the new experience and , in some way -lrb- and he knew it was unfair to blame anyone -- for an accident -rrb- , he was irritated more than he had expected to be . 
 his normal reaction would have been first to make sure his father was safe and looked after and , to that end , accompanying him to hospital in parbo would be the obvious course of action . 
 perhaps his father 's enthusiasm for things environmental had affected him more than he had realised . 
 `` harry , '' he called . 
 his brother was idly watching television on the far side of the room , despite the fact that the game show -lrb- a version of who wants to be a millionaire ? -rrb- 
 was being broadcast in dutch . 
 `` what do you want to do tomorrow ? '' 
 with a slightly puzzled look , harry replied : `` we 're going back to parbo , yeah ? '' 
 `` what if we did n't ? '' 
 `` i do n't follow . '' 
 will walked over to the tv set and switched it off . 
 he sat down beside his brother . 
 `` what if we do what we were planning to do ? 
 get in the boat and go back to parbo that way ? '' 
 `` will , '' said harry , after a pause , `` dad 's pretty badly bashed up . 
 he 's got a broken leg ; he 's lucky to be alive . 
 we 've got to get him back to a hospital . 
 the trip 's over . 
 we 've got to go with him . '' 
 `` what if we did n't ? 
 do n't you fancy a boat trip ? '' 
 harry still failed to grasp what his brother was driving at . 
 `` well , yeah . 
 but without dad , how are we going to do it ? '' 
 `` it 's downstream ; we 've got the gear . 
 mac showed us how to do it . 
 i want to go . '' 
 `` still ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 we ca n't do anything to help the old man . 
 once he gets to hospital he 'll be well looked after . 
 and it 's going to be a few days before he 's fit to fly home . 
 we might as well use the time to do what we came to do . '' 
 harry 's face told the story of his thoughts . 
 will could plainly see that he too was disappointed with the way things had turned out . 
 `` you want to go down the river , do n't you ? '' 
 `` well , yeah . 
 but we ca n't . '' 
 harry a left space . 
 `` can we ? '' 
 `` listen . 
 this was just supposed to be the start . 
 a look at the rainforest . 
 dad wanted us to become part of his business . 
 you know -- business partners and all that . 
 if he wants that , we really need to do a little work ourselves . 
 why ca n't we do it ? '' 
 harry had no answer . 
 `` i 'll go if you will , '' he declared . 
 `` but will dad let us ? '' 
 `` we 'll ask him in the morning . 
 hey , there 's a great deal we could do while he 's laid up . 
 part of this trip is to check out some bits of the planet that have n't been touched . 
 and we made a promise to professor ramsundar , remember . 
 we need to search for that fungus . 
 if we do n't do it , it wo n't happen . '' 
 will developed his most persuasive argument . 
 `` the prof thinks this stuff is potentially amazing . 
 it 's got to be worth millions if it works . 
 just think how much it would be worth to people who are paralysed . 
 if there is any chance of finding it , we 've got to look . 
 he gave us the coordinates : we 've got to try . '' 
 harry brought to mind the argument often trotted out by environmentalists : the rainforest contains the most diverse range of plant life on the planet , much of it unknown to science . 
 it is said that there are likely to be thousands of species which contain properties which could be extracted and developed into effective drugs . 
 from the common cold to killer cancers , the answers may lie out in the jungle . 
 and now that the brothers were sitting deep in its heart , the possibilities came home to them much more than they had half the world away . 
 they had a very real chance to test the theory . 
 harry grinned . 
 `` i 'm in if you are , '' he said . 
 `` but you 've got to speak to dad . '' 
 he reached for the remote control for the tv . 
 `` if he says we can go , i agree : we find the stuff , it 'll be worth a fortune . 
 oh , and i want to drive the boat . '' 
 in the darkness beyond the open window something stirred . 
 progress had been very slow for mw . 
 he had exercised extreme caution in skirting the mine . 
 another meeting with that oaf , bolt , would prove fatal . 
 at several points mw had been forced out beyond the perimeter fence when , to do otherwise , might reveal his presence . 
 the two prongs to his plan drove him through dense undergrowth and across streams which fed into the ezel river . 
 sometimes he had been forced to squat motionless as miners approached his position . 
 -lrb- at one point he 'd nearly been urinated on as two men peed through the mesh of the fence rather than go all the way to one of the chemi-loos dotted about the mine . -rrb- 
 when he finally made it to the corner of the site where the accommodation block and the control tower were located , he was relieved to note that bock 's jeep was parked away from the floodlit area at the front of the block among several other vehicles . 
 caution should still be the watchword but , with any luck , his tote bag would still be in the foot well between the passenger seat and the rear seats . 
 he watched and waited and , using the side of the accommodation block for cover , edged forward , keeping low . 
 a few windows overlooked the waste ground which he needed to cross . 
 all but one were darkened and shut . 
 he approached the open one , its light splashing on to the brown dirt beneath it , planning to flatten himself against the wall and slide below it , quietly , carefully , and be gone . 
 voices drifted through the opening . 
 words which would always interest mw : `` worth millions ... a fortune ... '' he paused and listened intently . 
 it was the two boys : greene 's sons . 
 what were they talking about ? 
 two minutes later he revised his twin-pronged plan , adding a third requirement . 
 after getting the bag -lrb- with the gun -rrb- and stealing a boat , he would delay his flight from the jungle just long enough to relieve the brothers of their valuable fungus . 
 they may not know much about the value of new drugs ; but he did . 
 effective ones were worth not millions , but billions . 
 and for that sort of money , mw could put up with a few more days ' discomfort . 
 *** neither will nor harry expected their father to agree so readily to allow his teenage sons free rein on a remote stretch of a wild river running through virgin rainforest in the darkest depths of a country they 'd not heard of a week ago . 
 but he did . 
 maybe it was the rap he had taken on his head . 
 they stood watching the winking lights on the underside of mary-lou 's sikorsky as it disappeared into the grey dawn . 
 alone now , will felt the vastness of the sipaliwini district around him . 
 not only had he to get himself across the inhospitable terrain which had been so easily negotiated by air and which looked so innocent and benign from 500 metres above the canopy , he also had responsibility for his brother . 
 and for the ultimate success or failure of the expedition . 
 quite apart from that concern , he harboured doubts about his ability to operate a boat he 'd never tried before . 
 perhaps he would let his brother drive . 
 the words of his father sounded in his head as the rotor blades ' clatter receded : `` finish the inspection . 
 always finish the job . 
 and be thorough . '' 
 it had been the clearest part of the meeting before greene had been strapped into the cabin of the helicopter . 
 later , will would realise that his father had not been at his most lucid ; the shock of the injuries , the concussion itself and the drugs that had been administered , all added to his state . 
 and , probably , hastened his decision to let the boys go . 
 before that , will had stated his case : `` too far to come to stop halfway through ... plenty of equipment and advice from mac ... and we 've both been looking forward to it . '' 
 a proud smile had spread across alan greene 's face and he 'd nodded his consent . 
 `` it 'd be a shame to waste all that preparation . 
 i 'll see you in parbo in three or four days . '' 
 that had been that . 
 will turned as the chopper 's engines faded to nothing . 
 in the dawn light , he caught sight of bolt conferring with clarridge some way off in the doorway of the canteen . 
 it was clear from their glances and gestures they were discussing the greene boys . 
 angry words were being exchanged , though both men , for the sake of appearances , were trying to temper their ire . 
 finally , bolt broke away from the other man and strode over to where the boys were standing . 
 there was a grim look on his face . 
 harry had his back to bolt . 
 he was fiddling with the sat phone , absently turning the frequency locator and pushing the aerial in and out . 
 when bolt barked at them , harry , startled , dropped it to the ground . 
 `` right , you two : your father has left you instructions to complete the survey of my mine . 
 the lawyer '' -- he motioned with his head to where clarridge stood and spat the word -- `` says you have every right to traipse across my operation sticking your noses in . 
 i think you are just getting in the way . 
 what do you know about mining ? 
 nothing . '' 
 he was close enough to will for the boy to smell the beer on his breath from the night before . 
 as harry stooped to retrieve the phone , the general manager 's temper boiled . 
 `` listen to me , boy ! '' 
 he snapped , kicking the phone away . 
 `` i 'm speaking ! 
 `` here 's the deal : you have three hours to check what you want , pack up and get off down river . 
 i have work to do . 
 my mine wo n't run itself and it 's not equipped with a kindergarten . '' 
 `` you do n't need to worry about us , mr bolt , '' harry asserted , looking levelly at the man . 
 `` we 'll finish off and get going , wo n't we , will ? '' 
 will held the hostile gaze of the general manager , wondering why he had become suddenly so obstructive and unhelpful . 
 `` yes , '' he said slowly . 
 `` we 'll head off just as soon as we have finished the job our father asked us to complete . '' 
 he hated bullies , had known a few at school . 
 he recognised the mean streak which cut through bolt . 
 `` and i believe it is not your mine . 
 you manage it for zmi . '' 
 as he had expected , the jibe hit home . 
 the general manager flushed an angry red and was about to react when clarridge arrived . 
 clarridge had seen the clash between the man and the boys and moved to ensure nothing too untoward occurred . 
 `` mr bolt , '' he announced , `` has asked me to make sure you two are able to see what you wish to see before you leave . '' 
 he looked obsequiously at the general manager who was still trying to marshal his emotions . 
 `` you understand that he has an awful lot to do . 
 indeed , a whole mining operation to run . '' 
 bolt sniffed derisively , turned on his heal and stalked away . 
 will knew that he should not have goaded bolt but the man 's attitude was so unnecessary . 
 quietly , he hoped there would be no comebacks . 
 `` under a lot of pressure , '' explained clarridge . 
 `` now , where would you like to begin ? '' 
 `` we 'd like to begin with a working phone , '' harry muttered . 
 he had picked up the sat phone . 
 `` this is broken . '' 
 he twisted the on/off knob several times ; the screen remained stubbornly blank . 
 will took it to see for himself . 
 `` it might just be the knock it took ; give it a while and we 'll see . '' 
 he hated the idea of the phone being totalled : that would be a pretty robust argument for the cancellation of the trip . 
 if clarridge got wind of it , he might call parbo and get them airlifted . 
 will pocketed it . 
 `` s’okay , '' he said . 
 he would have preferred to have had a means of communication , for emergency . 
 who would n't ? 
 however , his heart was set on the trip and , he reasoned , even with a phone , there was no swift way to summon help should it be needed . 
 even if mac were on permanent standby , it would take him several hours to reach them from parbo ; and then only if they were able to give him a precise fix on their location . 
 he turned and smiled reassuringly at the lawyer . 
 `` let 's go , '' he said . 
 chapter fifteen for much of the rest of the morning , the brothers had been accompanied by clarridge to those areas of the mine that they 'd failed to see the previous day . 
 they had driven round the perimeter , anticlockwise , finally coming to the point where the landslip had taken place just eighteen hours earlier . 
 there was no sign of the debris . 
 it is astonishing how quickly rubble can be moved with the right equipment . 
 for some reason , clarridge felt compelled to comment on the near disaster which had taken place the day before . 
 of course , he had no knowledge of the presence of an american conman on top of the spoil pile . 
 and he had swallowed bolt 's curt explanation of the landslip . 
 `` the sibibusi certainly swept the top of that pile , '' he joked weakly . 
 `` it was just unfortunate that your father was beneath the slip . 
 totally unforeseeable ; a chance in a million . '' 
 his lawyer 's mind sought to play down any chance of legal action . 
 clarridge 's demeanour changed abruptly . 
 he dropped his voice and asked the brothers whether they minded if he were to disappear for a while to attend to some business . 
 will and harry were quietly delighted to be rid of their chaperone . 
 they moved to the output end of the mine . 
 this was where the valuable raw materials were loaded on to the barges which laboured downstream for 400 km , all the way to the refining plants south of parbo . 
 computer controlled gantries selected the ore for certain holds , based on the calculations made at the grading plant , by dr flavin 's software ; this ensured the different gradations of ore were delivered to appropriate areas of the refining facilities . 
 costs were minimised as was environmental impact . 
 these details of the operation and the efficiency with which they were effected were noted by the boys . 
 they found themselves at the perimeter fence beside the river . 
 it was remarkable how immediate the jungle was . 
 on their side of the fence , the boys saw only dried earth and gravel which had been laid in an attempt to prevent the jungle encroaching . 
 on the other side of the mesh , the greenery came right up to the wire as though waiting to reclaim its territory . 
 part of the fence , where it met the river , had been damaged , maybe by the sibibusi-swollen water . 
 will was able to step round it . 
 he felt the urge to see more of the jungle and beckoned harry . 
 the pair pushed through the undergrowth away from the mine and , almost at once , found themselves enveloped by trees and bushes . 
 if it were not for the industrial noises drifting after them from the heavy machinery of mining , they could have been in the middle of nowhere . 
 they spent some time examining the forest flora , most of it new to them . 
 they started to get a sense of the way in which everything in this great ecosystem had its own part to play ; that all the plant life , from the smallest shrub to the tallest tree , had its place in the hierarchy . 
 each of the plants had evolved over millions of years to make the most of its niche . 
 will had learned about the concept of ecosystems at castlemead , but actually standing in the midst of system gave him an altogether greater insight . 
 harry was on his knees looking for signs of animal life . 
 all he had found so far was a spider 's nest -- the silk around the entrance gave it away . 
 he was poking it with a stick , trying , unsuccessfully , to persuade the occupant to reveal itself . 
 will was quite relieved that some great arachnid behemoth failed to show as he leaned against a tree . 
 he was startled as the trunk , a stout thirty centimetres across , gave under his weight . 
 puzzled , he examined it . 
 around the base , was a ring of toadstools with broad slightly concave caps -lrb- pileus : he reminded himself of the scientific name for the cap -rrb- . 
 they clustered together across the forest floor like tawny reptilian scales and encroached on the foot of the tree . 
 this was professor ramsundar 's lecture brought of life . 
 he knew exactly what he was looking at : honey fungus . 
 he had seen it on one of the professor 's slides and recalled what the professor had told his students . 
 an idea occurred to him . 
 `` harry . 
 you 're looking a little pale , '' he told his brother . 
 `` i 'm not sure you can take the stress of this trip . '' 
 harry looked up from his spider-baiting . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 're looking quite weak and feeble . 
 perhaps we 'd better call the whole thing off . '' 
 `` what are you on about ? '' 
 `` i 've got a responsibility to dad to make sure you are up for the boat trip . 
 i 've got to take that seriously and you seem a little weak . '' 
 `` weak ! '' 
 exclaimed harry . 
 `` anything you can do , i can do . '' 
 `` okay , '' will responded as harry walked into his trap . 
 `` prove it . '' 
 `` what have you got in mind ? '' 
 `` a bet . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 harry was standing beside his brother now , bristling with indignation . 
 he was n't going to be the reason for the end of the trip . 
 `` a test of strength , '' his brother said . 
 `` i 'm as strong as you , '' harry retorted . 
 he was n't quite , but that was not the point . 
 `` okay , '' said will . 
 `` push over a tree . '' 
 `` a tree ? '' 
 `` yes ; a tree . '' 
 harry had no idea what nonsense his brother was up to . 
 `` you push over a tree . '' 
 will made a show of loosening up his muscles ; then of selecting a suitable target for his show of strength . 
 `` i think this one will do . '' 
 `` yeah , right , '' said harry . 
 the trunk was broad enough for the boy to hide behind side-on ; and the tree reached up many metres towards the canopy . 
 will braced himself against the trunk and heaved . 
 harry watched scornfully . 
 then , as the tree moved under pressure from his brother , he watched astonished as it gave and fell , splashing into the ezel . 
 `` your turn , '' said will barely out of breath . 
 a confused harry selected a tree a few metres away . 
 there must be some trick , he thought . 
 or this particular type of tree is unusually weak . 
 he made sure that his tree was of the same species . 
 then he laid his full weight against the trunk . 
 after a full minute of straining and sweating , he gave up . 
 the tree had not budged . 
 will was laughing . 
 `` i told you you were ill , '' he said . 
 `` what 's the trick ? '' 
 said harry when he realised his brother had been winding him up . 
 will tried to maintain his look of innocence but gave up when harry became insistent . 
 `` okay , okay , '' he conceded . 
 `` look at the ground around my tree . '' 
 `` mushrooms ? '' 
 said harry . 
 `` mushrooms , toadstools , whatever , '' said will . 
 `` but you 're right : they 're the key . '' 
 harry frowned as he picked one . 
 to him it looked like a tiny umbrella that had been inverted in a high wind . 
 an idea occurred to him . 
 `` you did n't eat it did you ? '' 
 he had heard of magic mushrooms , though he had little idea about what magic they possessed . 
 will grinned at the idea and shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 it 's the effect they have on the tree , rather than on me . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` look at the base of the trunk . '' 
 he squatted beside the tree ; though its top boughs were in the river , it had yet to be carried away by the current . 
 he showed his brother the ring of fungus around the tree and poked a finger into the now-soft wood of the trunk . 
 `` is it rot ? '' 
 asked harry . 
 `` spot on , '' said will . 
 `` the fungus -- it 's called honey fungus , by the way -- is a parasite . 
 it destroys the tree by rotting the wood . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` i took some time to research what we are supposed to be looking for . '' 
 harry paused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` is this the professor 's fungus ? 
 have we found it ? '' 
 `` no . 
 this is honey fungus ; very common . 
 kills ten per cent of the trees , they reckon . 
 the stuff the professor wants -- he calls it per ram -- is different . 
 this stuff is all over the place . '' 
 `` so much for a thriving ecosystem . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` all that does is kill . '' 
 harry threw his specimen to the forest floor . 
 `` oh , i see what you mean . 
 but that 's not the way to look at it . 
 it 's all part of the cycle of life and death . 
 the tree dies -- yeah . 
 but other organisms benefit from that death -- all the mulch that comes from this -- '' he tapped the rotten stump `` -- goes back into the system . '' 
 will had a sudden urge to see more of the jungle . 
 `` hey , what do say we wrap it up here ? 
 we 've got all the data we need . 
 and we 've seen nearly all we need to see . '' 
 harry nodded and they picked their way back through the fence and headed for their quarters . 
 he had enjoyed the idea of working on something important with his father and , while he did not pretend to understand all that they had looked at , he knew he was learning about important matters . 
 like his brother , he felt unsettled by the general manager 's dramatic change in attitude . 
 the mine had become as unwelcoming as bolt had , himself . 
 `` there 's something weird about that guy 's mind-set , '' he said . 
 `` could n't do enough while the old man was here . 
 the instant he 's gone , we 're treated like lepers . 
 random . 
 i 'm with you . 
 let 's get going . 
 i like the idea of a boat trip . '' 
 clarridge reappeared . 
 he must have seen them as they walked . 
 he approached them , smiling thinly . 
 just before he got within earshot , harry added : `` what do you mean , ` nearly all ' ? '' 
 will winked and put a furtive finger to his lips for half a second . 
 back at the accommodation block , clarridge gave the brothers time to pack their gear . 
 his manner suggested that he would be happy to see them leave . 
 before they vacated , will tapped out a message on the laptop to send to his father , explaining the reasons for their swift departure . 
 he hit the send button knowing , for the last time before they got to parbo , that the message would certainly be transmitted , thanks to the mine 's overhead aerial . 
 harry sensed , as they bundled their few bits and pieces into holdalls , that his brother was thinking of something other than the boat and the river . 
 `` what 's the plan ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` down river to parbo , '' will said casually . 
 harry was not convinced . 
 `` before we go , '' he prompted . 
 will looked up and smiled sheepishly . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 he asked . 
 harry just grunted . 
 he 'd been will 's brother for long enough to know when will was plotting . 
 `` come on . 
 tell me . '' 
 `` i 've just got a suspicion about bolt . 
 it may be absolutely nothing , but the old man said check things out . 
 the only thing we have n't seen on this site is the inside of bolt 's offices . 
 you know , the area beneath the control tower . 
 i want to take a look round . '' 
 while he continued to stuff clothes into his bag , harry waited for his brother to continue . 
 `` if you go with clarridge to the river , i 'll get in and out before you return . 
 tell him i needed the bog : jungle tummy , or something . 
 okay ? '' 
 harry agreed , reluctantly . 
 he did n't like the idea of either of them incurring the wrath of bolt . 
 `` you got to be quick , though . '' 
 chapter sixteen they finished the packing and waited for the lawyer to return . 
 five minutes later , will eased open the window of the lavatory where he had sat quietly and waited while his brother had persuaded clarridge to carry two bags for him to the river . 
 will dropped silently on to the baked earth behind the accommodation block and , at a crouch , ran to the corner which overlooked the control tower . 
 he had a makeshift plan and , when he had confirmed that the door set discreetly into the concrete was indeed firmly locked , he edged round to the rear of the building . 
 because it was designed to oversee the mining operation , the wall that backed on to the faceless jungle was windowless . 
 in fact , had there been windows the view would have been of little interest . 
 as mining had progressed , nearly every spare flat piece of ground had been occupied by spoil piles . 
 the side of one of these was all that would have been seen from inside the building . 
 that was fortunate for will . 
 he had formulated his plan during the night when he had decided to persuade his father to let him and harry go on alone . 
 he had decided he would check the offices and had assumed he would not be welcomed in with open arms . 
 on the laptop he had used google earth to focus on the mine once more . 
 in the middle of the flat roof of the control building was a square , slightly darker that its surroundings . 
 he guessed what it must be . 
 using the conveniently placed spoil pile , will was able to get a hold on the edge of the roof and haul himself up . 
 the back wall of the control tower now shielded him from any sharp eyes within the mining complex . 
 there , in the middle of the roof , was the skylight . 
 it stood open a few centimetres . 
 half a minute later , will stood on the floor beneath the skylight , surrounded by fruit boxes , barrels and various pieces of machinery . 
 he strained his ears ; there was no sound . 
 the door of the storeroom opened on to a long narrow passageway , lit by a single naked bulb . 
 there was another door straight across the way and one down to the right . 
 the door to the outside , that will had tried earlier , stood solidly staring blankly at him from the far end . 
 that was it . 
 cautiously , will edged down towards the exit . 
 he reached the next door and paused to listen . 
 silence . 
 he eased the handle down and entered what seemed to be the general manager 's living quarters . 
 a single bed stood in one corner ; there were a table and two chairs ; a few personal possessions strewn around the place . 
 a further door , standing ajar , revealed a bathroom . 
 very quickly , will took everything in . 
 all seemed to be in order . 
 he turned to go , closed the door and turned to the one on the other side of the corridor . 
 it was locked . 
 somewhat deflated at this turn of events , will , whose adrenaline levels had risen owing to the clandestine nature of the investigation , slipped quietly back into the storeroom and heaved himself up on to one of the piles of boxes . 
 a slight flush of guilt , of shame , came over will . 
 what , after all , did he think bolt was up to ? 
 he had not a shred of evidence that the man was doing anything wrong . 
 bolt appeared to be running the mining operation with a great degree of competence . 
 he might have become somewhat unpleasant after alan greene 's unscheduled departure but , after all , he did not have baby-sitting written into his contract . 
 and here was will snooping around the man 's private rooms based on the flimsiest of suspicions . 
 forget it , he told himself ; just enjoy the river trip . 
 he was reaching up to the skylight when the crate beneath his right foot gave with a sharp splintering noise . 
 he swayed precariously before regaining his balance and steadying his nerves . 
 he glanced down at the packing . 
 he 'd put his foot in it , all right . 
 a gaping hole stared back at him . 
 he was grateful that he had not dislodged the box . 
 anyone glancing into the storeroom would notice nothing unusual . 
 as he turned his attention back to getting out , a glint of something from inside the box caught his eye . 
 he squatted quickly and pulled back the sharp wooden splinters around the hole . 
 he put in his hand and withdrew a glass bottle -- quite a substantial one . 
 it was about twenty-five centimetres tall , but quite wide . 
 will could only get a hand half round it . 
 he lifted it towards the light in the roof . 
 the label had on it a diamond shape with a stylised skull and cross bones and the word `` toxic '' . 
 two other words suddenly caught will 's attention . 
 he nearly fumbled the bottle as he read : potassium cyanide . 
 he dropped to the floor and examined the stack of crates . 
 there were scores of them . 
 each crate contained six two-litre bottles . 
 what did bolt want with -- will estimated quickly -- several hundred litres of one of the most deadly poisons known to humanity ? 
 and why were they in cases marked `` green leaf canned peaches -- this side up '' ? 
 of course , there could be a rational explanation . 
 but suddenly , will knew he had to get into the locked room . 
 his father 's words came back to him : finish the job ... be thorough . 
 he glanced at his watch . 
 he 'd been inside for just over five minutes . 
 harry would not be able to keep clarridge busy for much longer . 
 quickly he slipped out of the storeroom and across the corridor . 
 the door refused to budge . 
 will trotted down to bolt 's quarters again . 
 this time he paced the room , scrutinising surfaces . 
 he dipped his hand into the pockets of a leather jacket which hung from the door : nothing . 
 magazines and papers on the desk appeared to have been dropped in no particular order . 
 even so will was careful not to disturb them too much as he looked for clues or a key . 
 he had seen the small bedside cabinet the first time he had entered the room ; he 'd noticed the book left on it -- a fat novel by someone called wilbur smith with a picture of lions on the cover . 
 but he had n't registered the drawer in the front of the cabinet . 
 he stepped across the room and slid it open . 
 it contained nothing . 
 disappointment descended on will . 
 he would have to leave the locked room with its secrets intact . 
 on impulse -- and only because he had once read an article in a newspaper written by an ex-spy -- he pulled the drawer right out of the cabinet . 
 it was very slight and cheaply made -- glue instead of joinery -- but , as he turned it over , he saw , to his astonishment , a large key taped to its underside . 
 he ran the short distance along the corridor , slipped the key into the lock and grinned as it turned smoothly . 
 he stepped inside . 
 the room was dark . 
 he could make out vague shapes , partially lit by borrowed light from the bulb in the passage . 
 instinctively , his reaching hand found the wall switch and light bathed the room . 
 the first thing he saw was to his left . 
 a table with a green cloth hanging from it had a battle scene arranged on it . 
 miniature soldiers stood on the rucked-up surface facing each other , guns in hand . 
 the detritus of nineteenth century warfare was distributed on the battlefield between the ranks of the opposing sides . 
 behind the charging soldiers -- who stood , mid-step , frozen in time until the imagination which had placed them returned -- batteries of scale model canon pointed at each other . 
 it was a scene familiar to will . 
 he had spent many hours reconstructing battles when he had been younger . 
 however , he had favoured more modern representations of warfare -- plastic figures of british commandos doing battle against the afrika corps in the deserts of tunisia ; and harry 's preference , for fantasy wars between intergalactic orks , slayers and imperial space marines , had only recently waned . 
 this appeared to be a scene from the napoleonic wars . 
 will thought he could distinguish between the french army and the british and prussian forces ranged against them . 
 some of the mounted soldiers bore standards and those in mid-charge brandished curved sabres . 
 the foot soldiers were formed into fighting squares , muskets pointing to the action . 
 all were painstakingly painted . 
 the blue tunics of the french , clashed with the scarlet of the british . 
 the prussians , observing the current action from a remote vantage point at the far end of the table , were in various shades of grey . 
 much effort had been expended adding detail : the gold braid and white belts had been applied deftly . 
 he walked to the table and thoughtfully lifted one of the canon : heavy lead . 
 he slipped the model into his pocket . 
 he turned his attention to the rest of the room , an office of sorts . 
 a large desk stood against a wall , a leather upholstered swivel-chair next to it . 
 a computer , in sleep mode , waited patiently next to a telephone and a small printer . 
 a row of files occupied a shelf above the desk and , to the right , on the wall , was a large-scale map . 
 it was a map of the immediate area . 
 in fact , will realised , as he recognised the very building in which he stood , it was a hybrid map : a satellite photograph with geographical features superimposed on it . 
 the apetina mine was circled in red marker pen , not that it really needed highlighting -- the dirty rent in the verdant jungle stood out starkly next to the river . 
 the rest of the wall map was stubbornly green except where the ezel river and its tributaries meandered across the land . 
 not quite the rest , will noted . 
 there was another area which had been doctored , this time , much more discreetly : a small dot , again in red marker , and almost invisible amongst the busy margin between river and land . 
 will estimated it to be thirty kilometres away from the mine , straight through the jungle to the north east ; a lot further via the river system but quicker as the going would be easier . 
 he stood close to the map , looking up at the spot . 
 nothing distinguished the area around it from the rest of the jungle . 
 but it must have some significance . 
 he quickly whipped the topmost leaf from a post-it pad on bolt 's desk and , taking up a pencil , drew a crude map of the waterways which twisted and turned between the apetina mine and whatever was marked by the red spot . 
 glancing at the edges of the wall map , he noted the grid bearings and jotted them down . 
 information which might be useful later , he thought . 
 he turned his attention to a filing cabinet which stood , isolated , against another wall . 
 it was not locked . 
 whoever conducted affairs from inside this room -- bolt , presumably -- trusted that no one would ever find the key to the door . 
 the top drawer contained several boxes of ammunition , the shiny bullets standing to attention like the toy soldiers in their squares . 
 will slid it shut with a clang . 
 the one below was divided into various sections . 
 there appeared to be records of deliveries to and from the mine , employee records , payroll -- all the most boring administrative paperwork which someone is always condemned to deal with . 
 the bottom drawer , however , was locked . 
 will pulled out the middle drawer again , felt underneath and , not quite to his surprise , found a key . 
 it fitted the lock . 
 as he gingerly slid the drawer out , will noticed the red dot on its top left hand corner . 
 there were several files hanging in the drawer . 
 will quickly riffled through them . 
 boring letters , bills -- stuff he had no real idea about . 
 one of the suspended files had the red dot . 
 he homed in on it . 
 the documents in it were as dull as the rest . 
 he lifted two out at random . 
 the first was a document handwritten in a language he did n't recognise . 
 he shoved it back . 
 the second , a red dot in the top right corner , looked like another bill . 
 will was just about the stuff it back into the drawer and leave when , first , he read the words `` green leaf peaches '' next to a date and price , and secondly , he heard the front door open . 
 the scrape of the key in the lock was unmistakable ; the screech of the hinges confirmed to will that he was no longer alone . 
 voices reached him . 
 one of them he recognised as that of the general manager . 
 `` i know . 
 we can do without this interference . 
 but come on , greene 's gone . 
 we have a date with a fat american in the jungle . '' 
 will reached feverishly for the key . 
 he shoved the drawer shut and locked it , tugging at the one above it in the process . 
 whatever sticky had held the key in place before will had found it was still there : he slapped the key on to the underside of the drawer , where it stuck . 
 he rammed the drawer shut , silently cursing as metal clanged against metal . 
 he stood and cast around for an escape route . 
 there was none . 
 no window , no skylight , no convenient closet . 
 bolt continued to talk as he led his companion down the corridor : `` this morning is for sport , my friend . 
 the best quarry is human quarry . 
 there is no doubt in his mind that the slightest mistake will result in the loss of his life . 
 not so in the animal realm . 
 animals have instinct -- the instinct to survive , to keep on running . 
 human beings understand the mechanism by which their death will be brought to them . 
 it is an exquisite refinement of the hunt . 
 trust me : you will enjoy . '' 
 the man with bolt laughed nervously . 
 they were directly outside the door which stood ajar . 
 `` gott , '' bolt spat . 
 `` i will forget my own head one day . 
 i must have had a skin full last night , no ? '' 
 he laughed and pushed open the door . 
 will saw them as they entered the room . 
 each of them held a gun -- steel barrels , polished wooden stocks , telescopic sights . 
 guns for hunting : rifles . 
 the new man wore clothes similar to those worn by bolt -- khaki shorts and short-sleeved shirt , knee-length socks and tough boots which rose to protect the ankles . 
 he also wore a faded yellow neckerchief and a slouch hat . 
 from beneath the table with the toy soldiers , will peered between the curtains of green baize which concealed him . 
 he watched the other man walk over to the map on the wall and tap it with the barrel of his rifle . 
 when he spoke , will recognised his accent : australian . 
 `` when do we get back to the real business ? 
 where the real money is . 
 i ca n't stand this place . 
 what say we get a few of the other lads in on the scheme ; '' -- again , he tapped the wall map with his rifle -- `` man , we 'd clear up in a few days . '' 
 `` patience , my friend . 
 the less people who know about our little investment the better . 
 and this place , as you call it , is crucial to our operation up country . 
 as long as the mine runs smooth , we 'll be left alone . 
 i think i convinced greene . 
 if he buys , he 'll keep me on to run it . 
 shame about the landslip but it got him on his way . 
 `` now , i always have time for a little pleasure before business , '' bolt changed the subject . 
 `` let 's go hunt . 
 we 've got time to kill while the greenehorns disappear down river . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` that knock on the head must have banged out all the sense of the man . 
 imagine leaving children in the jungle . '' 
 `` let 's get on with it , mate . 
 give us some shells ; let 's get out there and then we can get down river to our little investment -- see how the workers are getting on . '' 
 `` here , '' bolt said , pulling out the top drawer of the filing cabinet . 
 he lobbed a box of rounds to the other man who caught it deftly . 
 he began to transfer the shells into the pockets of his shorts . 
 one dropped to the floor and rolled slowly towards the table . 
 the aussie hissed a quiet oath and knelt to retrieve it . 
 his face came level with will 's . 
 the man was unshaven and close enough for will to smell his sweat . 
 there was a badge clipped to the front of his shirt with the man 's name on it : axel hoover . 
 the bullet rolled under the edge of the draped baize . 
 will looked at it in horror . 
 a gnarled hand reached under the green curtain and groped about on the floor . 
 will had no choice : he picked the bullet up by its tip and placed it just in front of the searching fingers . 
 `` come ` ere , you little bugger ! '' 
 the aussie exclaimed as he grasped the wayward shell . 
 he stood . 
 will sighed silently . 
 `` y ' ready , dolph ? '' 
 the men left the room . 
 will 's moment of relief was short-lived . 
 he realised with a jolt that bolt would want to lock the door . 
 assuming he had been a little worse for wear the previous evening , he would naturally go to get the key from his room . 
 when he found it missing , his suspicions would be aroused . 
 will did not want that to happen . 
 he had only one chance . 
 he moved as quietly and quickly as he could to the doorway . 
 as he glanced into the corridor , he saw bolt turn into his bedroom , as the other man walked past towards the outside door , preoccupied as he fed bullets into his rifle clip . 
 will took his chance and silently slipped across the passage and into the storeroom . 
 he pushed the door to behind him , not daring to shut it properly for fear of the snap of the latch attracting attention . 
 he told himself to slow down , not to leap for the pile of crates . 
 splintering wood and smashing glass were sure to give him away . 
 he regulated his breathing and placed a foot on the lowest crate . 
 bolt 's voice carried from the room down the corridor . 
 `` i have no idea what i have done with the blasted key . '' 
 there was no suspicion in the voice ; it was almost as though bolt were used to losing things , had mislaid the key before . 
 `` come on , dolph , '' the australian called . 
 `` pull your finger out . 
 we 've got that yank to fillet and things to do later . '' 
 there were indistinct words exchanged , some swearing from both men , then the outside door clanged shut . 
 the key turned in the lock . 
 will , half way up a stack of crates of deadly poison , let out another sigh of relief . 
 as he made his way cautiously across the roof and back to the open window of the lavatory , will considered what he had seen . 
 bolt liked to keep the office secure . 
 the absurd thought crossed will 's mind that the general manager was embarrassed by his hobby . 
 but that could not be it . 
 why bring your hobby into the jungle only to hide it away ? 
 there was something else about the room that had led bolt to avoid taking them there while they were shown the rest of the mine . 
 the only thing that seemed suspicious was the red mark on the wall map . 
 but there were no clues as to what might be there . 
 there was a footfall outside and harry 's voice broke in on his thoughts . 
 `` have n't you finished ? 
 we 're all loaded . 
 come on , i 'll see you at the river . '' 
 will was about to open the door , when he recalled the paper he had lifted from the filing cabinet . 
 as bolt and the aussie had entered , in his panic , will had stashed it in on top of the canon . 
 the weight of the toy canon had reminded him . 
 he smoothed it out and gave it a more thorough look . 
 there was a red dot on it in the top right hand corner . 
 it seemed to be a delivery note or a supply manifest . 
 the details referred to green leaf peaches . 
 a large number of crates had been delivered to the apetina mine only three days earlier . 
 the cost -- eighteen thousand dollars , us -- seemed a trifle excessive for a fruit delivery . 
 but then the fruit crates will had used as a ladder did not contain peaches . 
 he could well believe a large quantity of potassium cyanide in solution might cost a lot more . 
 a rubber stamp had been used to apply `` paid '' in large letters in red ink across the paper . 
 although the apetina mine had no use for potassium cyanide , potassium cyanide had arrived in large quantities and zmi had paid for it . 
 it seemed likely that the only two people who knew about this deceptive arrangement were will greene and adolphus bolt . 
 will stepped from the cubicle and walked down to the river , deep in thought . 
 chapter seventeen clarridge saw them off . 
 there was no sign of bolt . 
 the lawyer wished them well and told them he hoped to see them again if their report stood up to the scrutiny of their father . 
 will stepped nimbly into the raptor as harry opened the throttle and gave the wheel an experimental turn . 
 the boat -- beautifully crafted -- responded immediately and , with no more fuss , they swept out into the swollen waters of the ezel . 
 will 's original worry about letting harry drive was immediately dispelled as his younger brother deftly wove his way around three small boats moored at the jetty . 
 clarridge turned to resume his work , grateful that the two greene boys were off his hands . 
 a large man in blue zmi overalls and a hardhat , carrying a tote bag bumped into the lawyer . 
 the two men exchanged muttered apologies . 
 clarridge walked off the jetty and towards the control tower . 
 he thought no more about the encounter . 
 mw , on the other hand , held his breath , desperate not to be challenged at this point . 
 he had picked the boat which he was going to steal and he needed to go now if he were to keep the boys within his reach . 
 he had nothing to fear : clarridge 's mind was preoccupied by legal details relating to mining and how they affected the operation . 
 he had no time for the mine workers ; he 'd already forgotten the boys . 
 when mw slipped confidently into one of the boats , none of the workers thought anything of it . 
 a couple of them even returned his friendly wave . 
 everybody was busy . 
 no one suspected a boat thief in the middle of the jungle . 
 for the first few kilometres , harry got the feel of the raptor , zigzagging across the broad waterway . 
 will busied himself making sure they had everything they should have . 
 all the provisions supplied by mac -- fresh water , dehydrated meals , high-energy bars -- were stowed securely , together with some basic camping equipment . 
 he spent some time studying the satellite photos that he had downloaded on to the laptop . 
 already highlighted on the map was the apetina mine and , when will tapped in a code , the coordinates that professor ramsundar had given them , a pair of lines , one horizontal , one vertical , appeared on the screen . 
 they moved across the map and stopped . 
 where they crossed , was the exact location of the professor 's find , just over a year ago . 
 will reached into his pocket and pulled out the canon he had taken from bolt 's office . 
 around it was still wrapped the delivery docket for the peaches ; and , stuck to that , was the post-it note on which will had recorded the coordinates of the red dot on bolt 's wall chart . 
 he tapped the coordinates in . 
 the suspicion he had been harbouring since he had made a note of the position was confirmed . 
 the red dot -lrb- whatever it was -rrb- and the professor 's location were virtually identical . 
 if they were to go to one , they may as well go to both . 
 will made up his mind there and then , he was going to see what bolt and his associates were hiding . 
 what had the australian said ? 
 `` real money , real business '' ? 
 will was resolute : he needed to see what bolt was up to . 
 in the meantime , he and his brother were going to enjoy the unspoilt beauty of the rainforest . 
 a few hundred metres south of the boys ' position , another small craft followed in their wake . 
 mw , at the wheel , was careful not to get anywhere near the raptor . 
 he hung back as harry rounded bends , then moved forward to allow him to check that they were still going downstream . 
 keeping tabs on them was reasonably straightforward and , as long as he was careful , there was little likelihood of being spotted . 
 brief busts of speed brought him to the apex of a bend in the river or to an island , from where he could peer cautiously at the greenes ' progress . 
 he had no need to get any closer until he was sure they had found the precious fungus . 
 for much of the morning mw shadowed the greenes . 
 there was no alternative route for them to take until midday when , watching from a safe distance , mw saw the boys ' raptor turn to the east -lrb- effectively a right turn off the main waterway -rrb- into a tributary . 
 he considered the situation , studying the map he had lifted in the stuyvesant hotel . 
 the greenes were in search of the fungus he had heard them talk about . 
 they would need to return to parbo . 
 the meant they would have to retrace their steps down the tributary and join the ezel once more . 
 mw concluded that there was no reason for him to follow them . 
 it made much more sense to wait for their return . 
 why should he endure the misery of more jungle than he had to ? 
 why take any more risks ? 
 casting his gaze across the wide stretch of the ezel , he decided to settle down and let the boys bring the fungus to him . 
 *** the going was slower as the screw of the mercury laboured to push the raptor against the flow of the river . 
 time seemed to slow down and the boys were able to take in their surroundings with few distractions . 
 the water was still a muddy brown colour but fish would break the surface frequently ; caimans dozed on the banks , occasionally slithering into the shallows , with a splash , in search of a meal . 
 in and around the trees which overhung the river there was a lot of activity . 
 heavy winged vultures drifted lazily , scruffily , above the canopy , red and yellow necks craning for prey , while monkeys screeched angrily at them and leapt from bough to bough . 
 smaller , brightly coloured birds stationed themselves in the lower branches , pecking at bark , looking for grubs . 
 will had harry slow and stop the raptor so he could photograph the wildlife . 
 it was remarkable how little notice the creatures took of the human intrusion on their territory . 
 will speculated that animals with no real contact with humans had no reason to fear them . 
 it reminded him of the sad end that had met the dodo . 
 though he 'd seen a stuffed specimen at the museum in bristol , he secretly harboured the thought that no real animal could look like that . 
 the fat waddling bird with the ludicrous beak had never encountered humans , had existed in happy isolation on the island of mauritius , until sailors landed in the seventeenth century . 
 the unsuspecting dodos had stood innocently still as the sailors had , for sport and for food , pointed their muskets and flintlocks at them and blasted them to extinction in the space a few short years . 
 there were precious few regions of the world left in pristine condition , untroubled by man 's intrusion , will reminded himself . 
 he was profoundly grateful for this opportunity to experience one of them . 
 the day drew on and will busied himself putting his photos on to the laptop and then on to his memory stick . 
 he consulted the coordinates he had been given by professor ramsundar and realised they were now not far from their destination . 
 as he had done unsuccessfully on several occasions already during the day , he tried the satellite phone . 
 it was dead . 
 he was grateful that he had managed to get a message off from the mine before they 'd left . 
 round the next long bend in the river , the flow was split . 
 what appeared to be another tributary entered the main stream from the right . 
 but the boys ' way was interrupted by a series of rapids , marked by boulders and white water . 
 they were forced to slow and pick their way through the debris-strewn river , gunning the motor to take them up chutes of fast-flowing brown water and seeking a way around the rocks . 
 the head of the rapids was about a kilometre up steam and it was past mid-afternoon before the raptor was clear of the obstruction and once more picked up speed . 
 to the right , again , they saw a another branch of the river , this time taking the flow away from the main stream and they realised that this fork was the beginning of the one they had seen below the rapids . 
 at some stage in the distant past , the river had sought out two routes downhill : one had tumbled over the broken riverbed , grinding out the rough course that will and harry has just travelled up ; the other had serenely run down another way , creating a great island between the streams . 
 another sweeping bend , and now will was consulting the gps panel in the console of the raptor . 
 another kilometre or two , he estimated . 
 the boat hit something with a dull thud . 
 harry had been cautiously easing the raptor along at low speed , waiting for his brother to indicate they had reached the correct position . 
 it was always necessary to keep one eye on the water ahead in order to take evasive action when , occasionally , a semi-submerged log floated by . 
 there was no real danger as long as the boat was kept at a reasonable speed ; its hull had been designed to cope with light impacts . 
 the thud was a surprise to harry who had seen nothing ahead of them . 
 he peered into the river and caught sight of a long , off-white log . 
 it was certainly tree-like . 
 then he realised , as he caught sight of a hind leg and an armoured tail , he was looking at a dead caiman , the south american crocodile . 
 the bump would have done no damage to the boat , but both boys peered anxiously ahead , nevertheless . 
 there was something else in the water . 
 a flash of silver and the boat passed a large fish , belly up . 
 two more floated by . 
 another caiman hit the hull and , suddenly , the river around the boat was full of death . 
 fish floated by , lifeless . 
 in the space of a few minutes , a dozen caiman -- some young , some mature , measuring well over two metres -- all dead , hundreds of fish , and the corpses of numerous monkeys and birds , filled the water in a macabre procession of the jungle 's fauna . 
 harry killed the motor . 
 silence . 
 not a sound from the jungle . 
 it was a strange and disconcerting feeling . 
 in the middle of this verdant , vibrant forest , a place where life in almost infinite diversity thrived , nothing seemed to live . 
 the quiet was unnatural ; the still that had descended on the river , alien . 
 the sense of revulsion they felt quickly led them to move on upstream . 
 will and harry could not make out what was the cause of the carnage and were greatly relieved when they passed through the dead zone . 
 there was no obvious explanation for the grisly scene they 'd witnessed and they felt a mood of dread lift as the jungle came to life once more . 
 fifteen minutes later , they eased the boat on to a shingle beach . 
 the gps indicated they were at the location the professor had given them . 
 practicalities came first . 
 it was important that the boat was well secured , and that they ate well before they began to check out the area . 
 a sense of responsibility came over will as the brothers set foot on the river bank . 
 if he were to put his own plan into operation -- the one he had so far failed to tell harry about -- he had a responsibility to see that his brother was at least prepared for the consequences if will were to fail . 
 there was no doubt in his mind that adolphus bolt hid some secret in the jungle , no more than a few kilometres away . 
 will meant to find out what that secret was . 
 he was unwilling to place his brother in peril and laid out his plan as they dug into rehydrated rations -- shepherd 's pie followed by toffee sponge and custard -lrb- both more like thick soup than the real thing ; and eaten from the bags they were supplied in -rrb- . 
 `` of course , we 'd cover more ground more rapidly if we split up . '' 
 will pointed his spoon at the interior . 
 `` you go through there , up the hill . 
 try to find a sample . 
 take this jar and just cram a load of fungus into it . '' 
 will passed his brother the small water bottle he 'd just emptied . 
 harry nodded his agreement though he was not optimistic . 
 `` how are we supposed to find one mushroom in the jungle ? 
 and if we find one , how do we know it 's the right one ? '' 
 `` give it a sniff , '' will advised . 
 `` the prof said it was a bit pongy . 
 and here , '' he reached over to pass harry a slip of paper , `` is his photo of the thing . '' 
 `` which way are you going ? '' 
 harry asked as he stared at the picture . 
 he tried so hard to sound nonchalant . 
 and almost succeeded . 
 but will detected the trace of worry in the question . 
 he felt nothing but a sense of affection for his younger brother . 
 the kid had been taken so far from the surroundings he was used to that it was not surprising that he was feeling a little unsure of himself . 
 how many fourteen-year-old english schoolboys are suddenly thrust into the jungle with instructions to locate a cure for countless thousands of sufferers around the world ? 
 `` i 'll just be looking down there . '' 
 he pointed back down the river , trying to sound as casual as he could . 
 `` we 'll come back here , hopefully before dark , and get some kip . 
 if we 're lucky , we 'll have what we need and be away in the morning . 
 it 's only a day or two 's travel to brokopondo , with the flow of the river . 
 couple of nights , we 'll be back in the hotel . '' 
 harry smiled a smile that was more confident than he felt and agreed . 
 will , of course , had more than one goal . 
 he set off determined to find out bolt 's secret . 
 he must report to his father anything which had a bearing on the operation at apetina . 
 harry struck out in the other direction fiercely determined not to show his apprehension . 
 within two minutes , the jungle had swallowed each of the brothers separately . 
 chapter eighteen at least , harry thought to himself , there was no need to hack a way through . 
 he had seen many old movies where safari-suited hunters struggled to make progress through thick bamboo forests , slashing manfully with lethal-looking machetes . 
 the surinamese jungle was more forgiving . 
 as he moved away from the river , the ground rose gently . 
 there seemed to be a boundary between the thick overhang which flourished lushly alongside the water and the ancient forest itself , where the vegetation was slightly less immense . 
 the trees , though reaching up toward the same height as the real canopy , were thin and straight ; the bushes , while four times as tall as harry , seemed to have room to spread out ; and the undergrowth was thin . 
 the ground began to rise more steeply and harry found himself in a world of green twilight . 
 he looked up and was struck by the sheer stature of the trees . 
 some were thin as telegraph poles ; some had massive girths -- giants supporting their own ecosystems . 
 all of them towered away to join the canopy . 
 harsh equatorial sunlight was filtered by the leaves into a spectral glow . 
 the shafts of light which managed to get through the canopy were like gleaming lances which pierced the forest floor . 
 the reason why the forest grew in this particular way was , harry remembered , from some long-past geography lesson , that the trees all competed for the nourishing attention of the sun , thrusting their branches higher and higher . 
 as a result , it was far easier to move around on the ground : not enough sunlight got through to encourage really wild growth around the bases of the trees . 
 harry steadily climbed the hill casting around for any likely spot for the fungus he 'd come so far to find . 
 at the back of his mind it seemed improbable that , based on a set of coordinates written down in england , he might expect to walk straight up to the correct stand of mushrooms having just stepped from the boat . 
 and so it turned out . 
 not only was there no sign of fungus , there was no sign of any habitat that might encourage its growth . 
 the rainforest was vibrantly alive ; there was no decaying wood for the professor 's fungus to develop . 
 after a half hour of aimless searching , harry 's mind began to wander off in different directions . 
 one of the things he had imagined while lying awake thinking of this trip , was the chance to encounter some of the more exotic creatures of the rainforest . 
 he had seen caimans , some unremarkable fish , tree-dwelling monkeys and scores of species of bird . 
 but what he really wanted to see were the stars of the jungle -- the great snakes , the piranha and the jaguar , latin america 's big cat . 
 deep down , he realised that the chances of seeing any of those creatures were slim . 
 -lrb- and some distant , sensible part of his mind told him it would perhaps be better not to meet any of them . -rrb- 
 these were animals that prowled and slithered and swam in this habitat with two main priorities : to avoid unnecessary danger and to secure enough to eat . 
 nowhere in that scheme did a fourteen-year-old boy from england fit in . 
 unless , mused harry , he was stupid enough to topple into the ezel when a shoal of piranha was passing . 
 despite these thoughts , the prospect of seeing something more interesting than mushrooms , drove him up the slope at a crouch and on to a plateau where the jungle stood awaiting him . 
 he slowed to a halt and took the time to look carefully at his surroundings . 
 he stopped looking into the distance -lrb- as far as that was possible in the jungle -rrb- and began to take a close interest in the life right next to him . 
 he paused to pull a twig from his basketball boot , leaning against a tree to steady himself . 
 the slim branch next to his hand moved cautiously away from him ! 
 he stared in surprise and then realised the branch was in fact a stick insect of some sort . 
 even when it was moving -- slowly , robotically -- he had to tell himself it was not part of the tree . 
 then he noticed the line of ants which extended each way along the branch and into the forest . 
 it was a perfectly formed and well-drilled display of complete cooperation . 
 one file marched to the left , the other , each member carrying a sheet of leaf more than twice its size , to the right . 
 along the ranks a sergeant or two scurried to keep the lines moving . 
 harry would never know what they were doing , never see their nest ; it was enough , though , to stand and watch the marvel as it happened in front of him . 
 there was something quite different about finding these things for yourself rather than seeing them on the television . 
 this was an infinitely complex organisation while , at the same time , an infinitely small part of the planet earth 's interconnected bionetworks . 
 harry was impressed . 
 he spent an hour examining the minute inhabitants of one of the world 's great ecosystems , reflecting that , somehow , all the earth 's activities fitted together and worked together in harmony to create the environment that all species on the planet -lrb- including mankind -rrb- relied on totally for their survival . 
 there was no bail out , no clause that stated when the earth was finished mankind had the option to go to another planet and carry on where it had left off . 
 this was the only option . 
 harry found himself making comparison with the human body . 
 he was pleased with the metaphor . 
 the human body needed all its parts to function effectively and healthily . 
 it was possible for humans survive and even thrive if bits of the body were damaged -- the loss of a toe , a finger , even a leg or an arm . 
 but when the vital organs are damaged , there is real cause for concern . 
 a damaged heart or polluted lungs leads to malfunctions and the slowing down of the body . 
 if the damage gets too great , the body can no longer function and the human dies . 
 harry had heard the environmentalists referring to the great tropical rainforests as the lungs of the planet , but never before had he felt so strongly that their warnings were of the greatest import . 
 the earth was in danger . 
 something moved in the light undergrowth ; there was a noise -- half grunt , half snort -- a quiet noise ; for some reason , it sounded like a noise of fear . 
 harry dropped to his haunches and peered intently at the jungle for the source of the noise . 
 it came again . 
 was there a little panicky whine in there , this time ? 
 in the dappled half-light of the clearing beneath the canopy , yellows and browns danced across the leaves . 
 one second they had no discernible shape , the next , harry was looking at a small creature which was clearly scared , as it stepped into the space in front of him . 
 it was a bizarre specimen . 
 an infant , it stood no more than thirty centimetres high and tottered on legs , black with white spots . 
 its body carried white stripes which ran horizontally through its short black fur . 
 its face and ears were almost bald but , where the hair grew , there were a few of the white spots . 
 its pink ears stuck up like a cat 's . 
 but the feature that placed it apart from other creatures was its extraordinary extended nose which drooped over its mouth , almost like the beginnings of an elephantine trunk . 
 harry knew exactly what it was . 
 he had seen a baby tapir in the zoo a few years earlier . 
 he recalled some of the details he 'd read at the enclosure . 
 strangely , this little guy , the size of a jack russell dog , was closely related to horses and , stranger still , rhinoceroses . 
 harry , who loved all animals , was immediately taken with the little fellow . 
 he began to make cooing noises and edged forward as the tapir 's nose twitched , trying to get harry 's scent . 
 the baby seemed unconcerned at the human 's presence though , clearly , it was anxious about something . 
 moving as slowly as he could and cooing and talking soft nonsense , the boy approached the baby beast . 
 it pawed the soft loamy ground with hard little hooves , nervous , but unwilling to run . 
 harry stretched out a hand . 
 the tapir stretched out its mini trunk and sniffed the hand extended to it . 
 harry thought it was a strange-looking cross between a pig and a dog -- sweet , nevertheless . 
 when he stroked its back , its fur felt prickly . 
 the baby did not back away ; it seemed to take some comfort from the attention it was receiving . 
 `` are you a little bit lost , matey ? '' 
 harry whispered . 
 `` me , too , '' he added . 
 he tickled the tapir under its chin , which it obviously enjoyed . 
 `` have you lost your mummy ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i know how you feel . '' 
 there was a sudden crack behind harry , a snap of wood , a swish through leaves , as something else arrived in the clearing . 
 harry was thinking more of the baby than of himself . 
 rather than startle it by sudden movement , he turned slowly , still stroking it to see who had arrived . 
 ten metres away stood the baby 's mother . 
 the fully grown tapir is a fearsome creature , despite its peculiar appearance . 
 and , though it looks docile enough -- a little sad , even -- when left alone , once it is riled , it bares its yellow teeth in an alarming bray , like a demented pig-horse . 
 the main danger , however , stems from the animal 's great bulk . 
 it stands at over a metre at the shoulder and weighs up to 450 kilograms -- more than six times harry 's weight . 
 this is the tapir 's weapon of choice ; it is a heavy-duty battering ram and will charge anything -- especially if it thinks its calf is in peril . 
 to harry 's advantage was the fact that tapirs have very poor eyesight ; the big mama peered blearily through the clearing 's light from small dark eyes . 
 to his great disadvantage were the tapir 's exceptional senses of smell and hearing , not to mention the fact that harry was between mama and baby . 
 the outraged mother 's nose waved in the air , the short ears turned on top of her head like mini radar dishes , assessing the scene before her . 
 it was clear that mama tapir was about to save her baby . 
 no one could blame her for her actions , least of all harry greene who sat mesmerised as the great black beast began her charge . 
 it takes a thoroughbred race horse eight strides to go beyond the magical forty miles per hour , acceleration outmatched only be the cheetah on the ground . 
 this equine cousin was not that quick but , given her bulk and shorter legs , she covered the ground remarkably quickly . 
 harry had only a second or so to think -- too short a time to come up with a considered plan -- so he did what came instinctively . 
 he had no desire to be hit by the equivalent of the castlemead first team scrum at twenty-five miles per hour , all concentrated into one place . 
 he had no desire , either , to keep the tapir calf from its mother . 
 the whole thing happened too fast for him to register anything other than passing surprise . 
 as the mama tapir reached him , he was already launching himself backwards ; the left shoulder of the battering ram gave him impetus and boosted his trajectory . 
 over the edge of the plateau he went , arms swinging , legs stretching -- where was the purchase ? 
 -- into the void . 
 suddenly , there was nothing . 
 a brief moment of total silence , of no sense of touch and , though his eyes were open , harry registered no sight . 
 the impact , when it came , was cushioned . 
 harry landed on his back and was immediately enveloped in a cloud of dust . 
 his senses returned ; he smelled a damp musty odour and then a sharp unpleasant stink . 
 he had time to place it as he lay , subconsciously checking for broken bones . 
 the smell reminded him of socks after a match , of bad body odour . 
 he heard the flump of his landing , a sound like falling on to a bed from a great height . 
 he felt the dust swirling around him , saw its yellow clouds billow up . 
 instinctively , he looked to where the danger was and , at the top of the steep drop he had fallen over , the face of the mother tapir peered through the undergrowth , her nose twitching . 
 the baby stood between her front legs , nuzzling its mother . 
 harry 's heart thumped . 
 he breathed deeply , despite the stink . 
 slowly , he eased himself up on to his elbow and took stock of his surroundings . 
 the jungle around him was much the same . 
 he lay in the middle of a small , leafy glade , much of it in shadow . 
 around him , like a frozen splash , was scattered the remains of the tree trunk which had saved him from injury . 
 it had been rotten to its core and had acted like a huge airbag , breaking his fall as it exploded , sending the dusty particles of rotten wood into the still air . 
 he rolled and there was a popping noise . 
 something delicate beneath him was being crushed by his weight . 
 there was a redoubling of the stench of bad feet . 
 suddenly , he knew he had found the professor 's fungus . 
 he was , in fact , lying in the middle of a small patch of mushroom-like fungus , those he had not squashed standing like a fantasy forest in miniature . 
 they grew on and around the rotten wood . 
 he stood and dragged the picture from his pocket . 
 it was the one will had been given by the professor ; the one ramsundar had drawn himself . 
 the bluish-grey caps , a couple of centimetres high on white stalks , matched those in the photo . 
 the smell confirmed that his search was over . 
 he glanced up to where the tapirs had been . 
 they were gone . 
 `` thank you , mama t , '' he called softly . 
 it took harry an hour to retrace his footsteps back to the river . 
 in his pocket was the bottle into which he had crammed the few undamaged specimens of fungus he had recovered . 
 the professor should be more than happy with the find . 
 there was no sign of will when harry got to the boat . 
 he settled down for a brew , heating a pan of water over the small stove mac had supplied them with . 
 harry was quite pleased with himself . 
 he looked forward to the praise he was sure to get from his brother . 
 the day was drawing to a close and the light was beginning to fade from the jungle . 
 chapter nineteen will reckoned the spot marked on bolt 's map with the red dot was only a few kilometres downstream . 
 in fact , they must have passed it as they searched for the place where the professor said they 'd find the fungus . 
 after a false start , during which will had tried to cut the bend in the river , and had ploughed into thick jungle , he had found it quite easy to stick to the shingle beach between forest and water . 
 occasionally , he was forced inland to skirt some projecting obstacle but , for the main part , he made good progress . 
 after half an hour , he found a quiet backwater which broke off from the main stream and which formed a small island . 
 it was heavily overhung by jungle greenery and , from any distance , was almost invisible . 
 from his vantage point , he realised that he and harry had cruised past it oblivious to its existence . 
 he crept forward , sure that he was near whatever it was he was seeking . 
 suddenly , he saw a small , but well maintained jetty jutting out from the bank , a shallow-hulled boat moored to it , and he heard the dull cough of a generator . 
 excitement gripped him : there was something here . 
 a hundred metres further on and he had left the main river behind . 
 the clearing he encountered was screened from the main river by the island . 
 in the distance , he saw the backwater curve around the island to where it re-joined the main stream , again , heavily camouflaged by the jungle . 
 it was a perfect location for a secret operation . 
 now all he had to do was find out what sort of operation it was . 
 there was activity on the river bank . 
 will silently cursed himself for not having brought a pair of binoculars . 
 he could not make out what the men on the shore were up to . 
 beyond them , there were a few low-slung huts . 
 they looked like they were built of corrugated iron , hastily put together , never intended for any permanent use . 
 the noise of the generator came from this isolated camp . 
 he had no option : nearer . 
 will cut into the jungle . 
 the going was harder but he soon reached the edge of the clearing . 
 there was no fence to mark the boundary . 
 instead , the trunks of felled trees lay like beached whales around the perimeter . 
 enough ground had been cleared to accommodate the needs of the camp and no more . 
 there were three huts which stood together on the far side . 
 away to the right was an arrangement of canvass sheets which seemed to house washing and toilet facilities . 
 closest to will was a more substantial building -- still corrugated iron -- with a heavily barred door . 
 in front of the three huts , away from the river , stood an open sided structure which had trestle tables set beneath it . 
 beside that , was a large fire smouldering gently , with a collection of blackened pots hanging from iron hooks : the kitchen , will supposed . 
 he worked his way slowly round the camp which , apart from the activity at the river bank , seemed deserted . 
 he noted that one of the three huts at the far side of the clearing had smoke trickling from the iron pipe which stood for a chimney . 
 it took will twenty minutes to sidle round into a position where he could peer through thick foliage , safe in the knowledge that he could not be seen , and observe the work on the river bank . 
 when he raised his head , he was shocked at what he saw . 
 the figures he had spied from a distance were not men at work . 
 they were children . 
 there were maybe ten of them . 
 none of them was more than fifteen years old ; some of them looked very young indeed . 
 there were two adults with them -- a man and a woman -- who appeared to be in charge . 
 they stood around in a way that made will think of guards -- they looked bored and took no part in the work . 
 occasionally , one of them would bark a command at the children , ordering them to work harder . 
 the work , itself , looked backbreakingly hard for anyone , let alone children . 
 they were excavating the exposed bank of the river -- they had made a great deal of progress -- then breaking the rock into small lumps and loading it into barrels a few metres away . 
 will watched intently for a few minutes . 
 two boys -- ten years old ? 
 -- grasped a high pressure hose between them and , with difficulty , trained it on the base of the river bank , blasting great chunks from the ground . 
 five others -- three girls and two boys -- scampered in under the spray from the hose and gathered lumps of rock and clay , taking them to a point where two more children used lump hammers to break up the spoil . 
 this rubble was then taken by wheel barrow by two more boys to a row of oil drums which had been set up on a raised platform . 
 below that was a trough with a number of wires protruding from it . 
 intrigued , will watched as the rubble was added to one of the barrels , a boy hoisting it one bucket load at a time . 
 his partner then handed him a clear glass bottle from a wooden crate . 
 will recognised the label on the side of the crates stacked neatly beside the trough . 
 green leaf peaches , it read . 
 why were children pouring deadly poison on into barrels of rock and mud ? 
 when he had added ten or more bottles to the barrel , the boy stepped down and walked round to the front of the trough . 
 he reached over to one of the other barrels and turned on a tap that had been fixed near its base . 
 a sluggish stream of dirty liquid was released . 
 meanwhile , the other boy carefully lifted one of the wires from the trough . 
 it had a dull brown lump on the end , no bigger than a marble . 
 the boy snipped it off with a pair of pliers , placed it in a small basket and returned the wire to the trough . 
 bemused , will took in as much as he could , trying to make sense of what he saw . 
 a covert operation . 
 but what was being produced ? 
 why were children being used ? 
 where did they come from and how did they get here ? 
 after about an hour , the man on the bank produced a whistle and blew it . 
 the hose shut down and the children dropped to the ground relieved and exhausted . 
 a glance towards the camp revealed another adult to will . 
 a man was busily stoking the fire and arranging pots on it . 
 at least they feed them , thought will . 
 the children wearily made their way towards the camp . 
 one of them remained by the trough . 
 one of the guards walked over to him and asked him several questions . 
 he spoke too quietly for will to hear but it was clear he was making sure that all the wires had been pulled out of the trough and the marble-sized chunks harvested . 
 when he was satisfied , he knocked a wooden bung from the end of the trough and the liquid ran swiftly out of the hole , down a channel and into the river . 
 will nearly gave himself away . 
 that was poison going into the unspoiled waterways of suriname ! 
 now he had an explanation for the distressing sight he and harry had witnessed earlier . 
 this was criminal . 
 nothing could excuse this wanton damage . 
 not quite sure what to do , will decided to see what faced the children next . 
 it was starting to go dark . 
 at least they 'll get some rest , he thought . 
 it seemed , however , he was wrong . 
 after they had eaten a meagre meal , the trestle tables were cleared , and four naked bulbs came on , hanging from wires strung up under the canvass roof . 
 all the children remained seated . 
 the man who had been cooking brought a box from one of the huts and placed it on a table . 
 another box appeared and from it the children took out a number of paint pots and brushes . 
 at first , will thought he was seeing things . 
 what on earth was going on ? 
 could it be that this was the reward for all the hard work ? 
 then his bewilderment was increased . 
 from the first box , each of the children drew a small figure and bent to apply paint to it . 
 he could not be sure but , given the circumstances , will fancied the figures were tin soldiers . 
 what was bolt up to ? 
 the guards -- the two men and the woman -- retired to another fire on the other side of the clearing . 
 bottles were produced and , after ten minutes or so , laughter began to drift across the clearing . 
 the three of them sat drinking rum and smoking short , hand-rolled cigarettes , flicking the butts into the fire . 
 will decided to get a closer look at the activity at the trestle tables under the stark electric light . 
 he used the jungle as cover and moved round until he was able to approach one of the huts and sneak along the wall furthest from the light . 
 he peered round the corner . 
 he was only a few metres away from the children ; he could hear them muttering to each other . 
 they kept their voices low as if they were fearful of raising them . 
 certainly , a few of the younger ones looked nervously towards the guards from time to time . 
 all of them concentrated on their painting . 
 will was close enough now to see the figures and the colours being used . 
 they were the same as those he had seen in bolt 's office back at the apetina mine -- models of soldiers from the nineteenth century . 
 they brandished swords , held lances at the slope and sat astride chargers in their brilliant scarlet or prussian blue tunics . 
 he craned forward , not realising he was entering the circle of light cast by the bulbs hanging from the canvass roof . 
 his attention was taken by one of the girls . 
 she sat on the far side of the table , her back to the fire where the guards still sat and drank . 
 she held a small figure in her hands , applying paint carefully . 
 will realised she was older that most of the children there . 
 fifteen , sixteen ? 
 his age . 
 and she was quite stunningly beautiful . 
 will had had a few girlfriends at castlemead . 
 there was never anything serious , much more flirtatious than anything else . 
 and they had always parted amicably ; they had remained friends . 
 the girl had dark hair that hung below her shoulders and a fringe which framed a compassionate face . 
 the feature which intrigued will was her eyes . 
 they were deep brown with hazel highlights and they were staring straight into his . 
 he started . 
 she was looking directly at him . 
 quickly , he ducked behind the edge of the wall , knowing it was too late . 
 he heard her approaching footsteps crunch gently on the ground , and held his breath . 
 there was silence for a few seconds . 
 then a voice called softly from behind him . 
 he swung round . 
 her face appeared in the window opening of the hut behind which will had sought cover . 
 `` olá ! 
 quem são você ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 will recognised the first word . 
 spanish , he thought . 
 `` spanish , no , '' he shook his head , whispering back . 
 `` english ? '' 
 he tried . 
 a look of recognition appeared on the girl 's face . 
 `` ingleesh . 
 you are americano ? '' 
 `` no , english , '' will said . 
 `` you speak english ? '' 
 `` a leetle , '' the girl said , keeping her voice low . 
 `` who are you ? 
 why you here ? '' 
 `` why are you here ? 
 what is this place ? '' 
 `` we need help . 
 we are trapped . 
 they make us work . '' 
 she gestured with her chin , indicating the guards . 
 `` they ca n't do that . '' 
 will was outraged . 
 `` why do n't you leave ? '' 
 `` where would we go ? '' 
 asked the girl . 
 `` thee jungle ees our prison . '' 
 immediately , will saw the sense of this . 
 even if the guards did nothing to prevent the children from leaving , they would last no more than a day or two . 
 they had no idea where they were ; no inkling about how to get to safety . 
 `` how did you get here ? 
 what are they making you do ? '' 
 will was trying to make sense of the strange set-up . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 the girl hissed . 
 she disappeared for a few moments . 
 when she returned , she explained : `` i theenk i hear sometheeng . 
 but ees all right . 
 i tell you quickly , then i must go back . '' 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 `` i am constança romero . 
 you ? 
 `` will greene . '' 
 `` you are from eengland , weell-green ? '' 
 asked constança . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i am from rio in brazil . 
 thee man he say he weell give us work , pay us much dollars . 
 my father , he agree . 
 we come to thee jungle and work hard . 
 thee man he say he send money back to brazil . 
 he say our parents are pleased . 
 our father he wants us to work harder , get more dollars . '' 
 `` your father knows about this ? '' 
 will asked , shocked . 
 `` we are poor . 
 we live in thee favela on the hills above rio . 
 there ees no work . 
 when thee man he comes and he say much work , much dollars , our father he say ` good ' . 
 thee man he say only one month . '' 
 `` how long have you been here ? '' 
 `` much months . 
 three ? 
 four ? 
 you weell help us ? '' 
 what could he say ? 
 he nodded , not knowing what he might do . 
 there were ten or twelve children . 
 even if he were able to get them away from the guards , there was no way they could all fit in the raptor . 
 anything he was able to do would involve going to get help . 
 `` what are you working at ? 
 what are they making you do ? '' 
 he asked . 
 constança said one word : `` gold . '' 
 chapter twenty before will had time to reply , constança gasped and disappeared once more . 
 this time there came the bark of one of the guards . 
 constança replied and will heard her re-join the other kids at the trestle table . 
 peering round the edge of the hut , once more , he saw the man who had cooked admonishing constança , ordering her back to her painting . 
 he willed her to look his way again , but her eyes remained on the figure in her hand . 
 the guard , stick in hand , shouted something to the other two adults and walked to the hut with the smoking chimney . 
 he disappeared , closing the door behind him . 
 will sat back against the tin shed . 
 in the space of an hour , he had learned a lot about the darker side of adolphus bolt . 
 he , presumably , was `` thee man '' . 
 will rapidly put together the facts . 
 bolt was mining gold -- illegally -- from the surinamese jungle , using the apetina mine as cover . 
 he was also using zmi to supply the chemicals for the process that was rigged up by the river ; and those chemicals were being flushed into the fragile ecosystem with absolutely no regard for the environment . 
 effectively , he was also using child labour , holding the children against their will and -- this was the diabolical bit -- and with the full consent of their parents . 
 no missing children reports , no kidnapping charges . 
 no wages to pay . 
 will speculated that bolt could send minimal amounts to the poor parents in rio -lrb- if he bothered at all -rrb- which would keep them happy . 
 he 'd heard of favelas . 
 they were the slums of rio de janeiro , populated by huge numbers of the poorest of the poor , people with no rights and no voice . 
 meanwhile , bolt 's costs were minute . 
 he must be making a fortune . 
 will had to get away . 
 he withdrew into the jungle , planning to skirt the camp , get back to the boat and make a dash for safety . 
 curiosity , however , got the better of him . 
 as he drew level with the third hut , the one with the smoking chimney , he had an overwhelming urge to see what went on inside it . 
 he had a good idea but he wanted one of the blanks of bolt 's operation filled in . 
 sure enough , as he cautiously peered through the window , he saw the guard at his real work . 
 the hut had been turned into a workshop . 
 the man was busy at a stove which he was using to melt the raw gold -- the marble-sized lumps from the trough of potassium cyanide -- in a ceramic crucible . 
 as will spied , the man took the crucible in a pair of metal tongs and carefully poured the fiery yellow liquid into a series of moulds . 
 after a few minutes , he dipped the moulds into a barrel of water , extracted them and broke them open . 
 from each fell a collection of toy soldiers , beautiful representations in shiny yellow metal . 
 the final piece of bolt 's scheme fell into place . 
 it would be very difficult to smuggle gold out of the country without disguising it . 
 very dangerous , too . 
 but , conceal it in plain sight ... that was clever . 
 will could picture the scene if and when the cases were opened at the airport : `` just my hobby , officer , '' bolt would say . 
 `` yes , they are exquisite , are n't they ? 
 i am an old history buff . 
 you are interested , too ? 
 yes , yes , do have a closer look . 
 here , look at the detail . 
 amazing how accurate they are . '' 
 and the customs official would stand aside , perhaps thinking that the man before him was a little old to be playing with toy soldiers , but smiling , nevertheless , and wishing him well . 
 off bolt would go to make arrangements for the re-melting and sale of the gold . 
 will drew the model canon from his pocket . 
 he picked up a stone and scraped the barrel of the canon . 
 yellow gleamed through as the paint flaked off . 
 he wondered which of the children had painted his canon . 
 and bolt had hundreds of these models . 
 will checked the time . 
 the darkness was full ; it was after eight o’clock . 
 his priority was to get back to the boat and join harry . 
 at first light , they would leave for brokopondo . 
 he slipped noiselessly away from the camp and down towards the river . 
 it was up to him to get help for the children that bolt had enslaved . 
 he needed also to tell his father of bolt 's unsuitability as a mine manager . 
 the man was clearly devious and not concerned about using company money to fund his scheme . 
 and the last thing any business needs is to be caught up in illegal activity . 
 alan greene needed to distance his new venture from the apetina mine . 
 at the very least , he needed to remove bolt from the operation . 
 as the noise of the generator faded behind him , will passed the jetty and set off along the bank . 
 he had only the light of a crescent moon to see by . 
 fortunately , it glinted off the river and gave him something to follow . 
 he paused as he heard the gentle growl of an outboard motor . 
 somewhere ahead a boat was nosing along the bank , feeling its way gingerly in the dark . 
 will silently cursed his brother . 
 he 'd impressed upon him the folly of trying to navigate the river in the dark . 
 will was annoyed because he had let harry operate the boat on the understanding that he do so responsibly . 
 he checked behind him . 
 he was a safe distance from the camp . 
 he cupped his hands round his mouth and called : `` harry ! 
 here i am . '' 
 he had to raise his voice to be heard over the idling motor . 
 immediately , the pitch of the motor rose and will could make out a shadow , darker than the night , on the water . 
 the boat turned towards the bank . 
 at least he would not have to walk all the way back upstream . 
 perhaps he 'd go easy on his brother . 
 after all , they must get back to civilisation as soon as possible . 
 `` hurry up , harry . 
 come on , '' will called . 
 he was excited at the prospect of relating his discovery to his brother . 
 a beam of light cut across the water . 
 after the darkness , will was temporarily dazzled . 
 somewhere at the back of his mind something told him that the raptor was not fitted with searchlights . 
 too late he realised that this was some other boat . 
 at the same time a voice he recognised came clearly across the water . 
 `` well , well , well . 
 what ` ave we got ` ere ? '' 
 it was adolphus bolt . 
 `` boy , i advise you in the strongest possible terms , not to move one inch . 
 you are currently in the cross hairs of my rifle scope . 
 one false move and i will shoot you . '' 
 tempted to run though he was , will stood his ground . 
 he felt slightly sick at the thought that bolt had captured him . 
 bolt knew the jungle ; will was a novice . 
 the sickness turned to embarrassment at the thoughts he had been having only a few minutes earlier . 
 he had allowed his mind to consider the success of his mission , the news he would take to his father and , truth be told , he had thought about returning to rescue the children and impressing constança . 
 now , he felt utterly wretched and not a little foolish . 
 as the boat touched the river bank , bolt stepped ashore . 
 `` take her on to the jetty , '' he instructed the driver . 
 `` do n't lose ` im . 
 slippery little fella , '' came a voice from behind the light . 
 it was axel hoover , bolt 's hunting partner . 
 `` do n't you worry about that , mate , '' bolt muttered . 
 he addressed will . 
 `` you want to stick your nose in where it 's not wanted ? 
 i warned you to get going . 
 now you 're in trouble . 
 turn about , boy . 
 and march . '' 
 bolt gestured with his rifle . 
 will had no choice but to retrace his steps once more . 
 *** sitting on a wooden crate in the storage shed close to the jetty , with only a weak electric light bulb for company , will had time to sit with his thoughts . 
 his initial feelings about bolt , back at the apetina mine , had underestimated the man 's character . 
 he was more than a bully -- that much was clear . 
 he had all but kicked will into the middle of the camp he 'd set up to mine gold . 
 he had berated the two guards sitting drinking , telling them that they had allowed a boy to sneak up on them , to spy on them . 
 he had been somewhat soothed when the other man had emerged from the workshop bearing another batch of toy soldiers for the children to paint . 
 will noticed how his eyes had lit up at the sight of the gold . 
 he ordered the unloading of the supplies he had brought up river -- three of the boys were dispatched under the supervision of one of the guards to empty the boat . 
 then he turned his attention to will . 
 `` you want to see how i operate , eh ? 
 you ` ad a good look round at the apetina . '' 
 bolt had prodded will with his rifle as he struggled to rise from the dust where he had stumbled . 
 `` you ` ad to snoop . 
 right -- you want to know what goes on ? 
 i 'll show you . 
 for rather obvious reasons i do n't get to tell many people what i do here . 
 come . '' 
 he switched on a powerful torch and , leaving the pool of light which spilled from the electric bulbs over the table , dragged will down to the water 's edge . 
 he dropped to one knee and took a handful of mud from the still damp ground which had been hosed earlier in the day . 
 `` this , '' he said , `` is gold-bearing rock and mud . 
 i recognised it immediately . 
 i have worked similar deposits in south africa . 
 there is a lot of gold here . 
 but it is in tiny bits . 
 very impractical . 
 but there is a way round it if you do n't mind the hard work . '' 
 he paused , a cruel smile on his lips . 
 `` or if you can get someone to do it for you . '' 
 he strolled over to the area where the barrels had been rigged up . 
 `` crush the rubble and pass a suitable solvent through it , the gold particles dissolve , and it is all made very possible . 
 see the wires ? '' 
 he indicated the trough with the lengths of cable sticking out of it . 
 `` electrolysis . 
 that 's the process that gets the gold out of the solution . 
 simple . 
 pass a current through the cyanide and the gold sticks to the wires . 
 hey presto ! 
 do n't ask me how it works . 
 it just does . '' 
 will had not been about to ask . 
 in fact , he was familiar with the process . 
 he recalled an experiment from the chemistry lab at school . 
 then , he had not been extracting gold , but the principle was the same . 
 `` it 's all very well getting the gold out of the ground , '' bolt continued as he strolled across the camp to the workshop . 
 `` getting it out of the country is the tricky bit . 
 the government here guards its mineral reserves jealously . 
 look at all the paperwork , the licences , the dockets and permissions i have to work through , just to get bauxite out of the ground . 
 at least i do n't have to pay for that . 
 zmi foot the bill . '' 
 will , who had been silent during bolt 's impromptu guided tour of his ego , decided the time was right for comment . 
 `` do n't you think that 's relevant ? 
 you 're using other people 's money to steal this country 's wealth . 
 that 's not business , that 's straightforward theft . '' 
 `` at what point did i claim to be honest ? '' 
 will realised he was being taunted , but continued , nevertheless . 
 `` you 're using child labour ! '' 
 `` correct , '' replied bolt , sounding pleased . 
 `` dirt cheap . 
 and , i may add , a stroke of genius getting the kids from the hell-holes of rio de janeiro . 
 no one cares for these brats . 
 they do n't exist . 
 if they work hard , i may get them back to their slums . '' 
 he looked sideways at will and will realised , at that moment , bolt was deranged . 
 `` or maybe , '' he smiled , `` i 'll pop ` em in the river ; feed the fish . '' 
 will knew there was no point in trying to reason with a madman but he was a normal human being and his anger got the better of him . 
 `` there wo n't be any fish left if you carry on dumping poison in the water . '' 
 `` shut it , '' bolt snarled . 
 he suddenly wheeled on will . 
 they were at the edge of the camp and , for a moment it looked as though bolt was about to hit will . 
 there was a maniacal glint in bolt 's eye as it caught the light from the fire . 
 then a leer replaced the curled lip . 
 `` listen , boy . 
 this little scheme is fool-proof ; there 's no one outside this camp knows anything about it . 
 not the police , not the government , not zmi . 
 we 're in the middle of the jungle . 
 the only law is my law . 
 i found this site . 
 i found the gold . 
 and i came up with the plan to get the gold out without arousing suspicion . 
 you got to admire it , hey ? 
 all i got to do is pretend to be one of those model soldier nerds . 
 the customs do n't want to talk to loonies . '' 
 will could contain himself no longer . 
 he was playing back the scene in his head and it reminded him of so many corny films he 'd seen . 
 the baddie always told the good guy what he was up to before it all started to go wrong . 
 when will pointed this out , bolt merely smiled . 
 `` the reason why i have told you is that there is no chance of any of the information leaving this jungle . 
 the reason for that is simple : you wo n't be leaving the jungle . '' 
 will was about to protest but bolt went on in a chilling manner . 
 `` do not think that your disappearance will cause too much of a stir . 
 i already know what i will say to your distraught father . '' 
 bolt adopted a fake look of compassion . 
 `` mr greene , i am so sorry . 
 my men have been out looking for your sons . 
 sadly , there is no sign . 
 we have found their boat . 
 it was overturned . 
 it is most unusual to recover bodies from the river . '' 
 `` do you expect me to roll over and die ? '' 
 will asked more bravely than he felt . 
 it was clear that bolt had had enough of the subject . 
 he beckoned axel hoover . 
 as the australian disengaged himself from the conversation at the camp fire , bolt turned back to will . 
 `` i expect you to run for your life as i hunt you . 
 i expect you to make a mistake and i expect you to die instantly as my aim is very good . 
 so , no . 
 no rolling over ; just dying . '' 
 he switched his attention to hoover . 
 `` take him to the store . 
 lock him in . '' 
 `` what about ` is brother ? '' 
 queried hoover . 
 `` do n't worry about him . 
 he 'll be camped upstream a little way . 
 we pick ` im up in the morning . 
 two to hunt , eh ? '' 
 chapter twenty-one will examined his surroundings for the tenth time . 
 the store was sturdily built and stacked with crates and jerry cans . 
 but there was nothing he could use to dig or force a way out . 
 the earthen floor was rock hard and he 'd torn his finger nails futilely scraping at it earlier . 
 he had already put his shoulder to the door several times . 
 it stood solidly , barred on the outside . 
 he sat and waited , trying not to think about what the morning held for him . 
 his english master at school had , some years ago , read the class a very sad book set during the first world war . 
 a soldier had been unfairly convicted at a court martial of disobeying orders and had spent several nights awaiting execution . 
 the whole class had discussed how that might have felt . 
 of course , it was impossible for them to imagine what had gone through the poor man 's head . 
 will now found himself in a very similar situation . 
 it took all his resolve not to panic . 
 he thought instead about his brother . 
 there was no way he could warn him . 
 he decided grimly that if bolt marched him through the jungle at first light , he would do his best to shout a warning to his brother . 
 that way , one of them might survive . 
 despite the fear in his mind , fatigue finally caught up with him . 
 he had not intended to sleep , but the mind often does the best thing to protect itself . 
 his eyelids drooped and he dozed . 
 something woke him . 
 even as he opened his eyes and took in the weak light filtering into the store , he cursed the fact that he had not fought the desire to sleep more fiercely . 
 he was still in that hazy zone where sleep and wakefulness meet and merge . 
 the scraping sound could be a chair being dragged across a dream or an alarm buzzer distorted by the brain 's infinite ability to twist perception . 
 there was a moment when will had no real idea about the origin of the noise , and another moment , only a fraction of a second later , when he knew the bar was being drawn from the outside of the door . 
 that woke him up properly . 
 the grey shafts of light which penetrated the cracks between the overlapping corrugated iron of the store heralded the dawn . 
 this could be his last morning . 
 he swallowed to stifle the tiny cry that threatened to escape his throat . 
 as the door creaked open , will realised that he should have been poised , spider-like , over the entrance ; or , at least , coiled like a cobra , ready to strike , behind the door . 
 he was neither . 
 futile though it might have been to rush a man with a gun , he at least felt he should try something . 
 groggy from the sleep he 'd so clearly needed , all he managed to do was look to the door . 
 silhouetted in the rectangular grey light of the morning , was constança . 
 will came to his feet very quickly . 
 she stepped lightly inside and pulled the door to , raising a finger to her lips . 
 `` we have very leetle time , '' she whispered . 
 `` i hear what thee man ees going to do to you . 
 he talk to thee others . '' 
 `` how did you get here without being seen ? '' 
 `` they drink much rum . 
 every night ees same . 
 only one stay to watch . 
 in the end , he sleep also . 
 thees ees the only time for to eescape . '' 
 will looked at her . 
 `` thank you , '' he said , simply . 
 `` when you are free , promise me you weel get help . '' 
 constança 's eyes implored will . 
 for a second he was lost for words . 
 then : `` come with me . 
 i have a boat . 
 we 'll get away together . '' 
 he stepped towards her , but she shrank back . 
 `` no . 
 marcos , my leetle brother , he ees here . 
 i have made promise to my father to stay weeth heem . 
 but eef you go , you weel get help ? '' 
 will , realising there was no time for persuasion or further discussion , nodded . 
 `` of course , '' he assured her . 
 `` it ees good . '' 
 she stepped aside and they cautiously pushed the door open , stepping out and replacing the bar . 
 quickly , they moved to the rear of the store so they would not be seen from the camp . 
 will wanted to stay , to talk to the girl . 
 he wanted to see whether there was any way her brother could be brought out so all three might melt into the jungle . 
 constança stood firm , however . 
 she insisted he leave right away . 
 `` thee man , he awakes early . 
 he kicks thee others from their beds . 
 he shouts for work to begin . 
 you have leetle time only . '' 
 `` constança , listen . 
 i promise i will come back for you , '' will said , earnestly . 
 `` i will do all i can to get you -- all of you -- out of here . '' 
 in reply , the girl leaned towards him and placed a kiss on his cheek . 
 then she was gone , moving lightly around the store and back to the camp . 
 will watched her go . 
 he watched her all the way back to the hut which the children shared , then let out a breath . 
 he wondered how much of a head start he had . 
 she had saved his life ; it was up to him now to repay the debt . 
 the door of one of the other huts suddenly creaked open . 
 axel hoover stepped out . 
 he screwed his eyes up in the early light . 
 he was pulling on his trousers and wearing an old t-shirt . 
 he walked unsteadily across the camp towards will 's hiding place , whistling . 
 it was not a terribly good rendition , but will recognised the strains of waltzing matilda . 
 he resisted the urge to run . 
 clearly , hoover had not spotted him . 
 if he broke for the trees , he would be seen . 
 he watched as the man gingerly crossed the clearing . 
 he was barefooted . 
 hoover approached the store and , ignoring the door , unzipped his fly and proceeded to urinate against the side of it . 
 the tinny noise accompanied him as he launched into a quiet , taunting version of a hunting we will go . 
 there were a lot of sadists in this part of suriname , will thought . 
 a hunting we will go , a hunting we will go , heigh ho , the dairy-o , a hunting we will go ! 
 a hunting we will go , a hunting we will go , we 'll catch a fox and put him in a box , and then we 'll let him go ! 
 `` except we wo n't let you go , boy . 
 d’you ` ere ? '' 
 the australian concluded with a chuckle . 
 he began again . 
 will backed away along the edge of the store . 
 if hoover were planning to check up on him , it would be better if will disappeared . 
 as he crept away , his shirt caught on the edge of a rusty piece of corrugated iron . 
 before he realised he was snagged , the metal snapped off the wall of the store with an awful noise which sang through the walls of the hut . 
 will froze . 
 not so hoover . 
 his song ceased abruptly . 
 and his face appeared round the corner of the store . 
 first surprise , then anger registered in his eyes . 
 `` how 'd you get out , boy ? 
 come ` ere . '' 
 the australian hobbled towards will . 
 this time , there was no hesitation . 
 will bolted like a whippet . 
 immediately , hoover began to shout , alerting the camp to the escape . 
 `` dolph ! 
 dolph ! 
 the boy 's ` avin ' it away on ` is toes ! '' 
 blood pumping in his ears , will left the camp as he plunged into the forest . 
 he was a good strong runner -- cross-country was his discipline of choice -- but he knew this race was for his life . 
 his headlong progress was given extra impetus by the picture in his mind of the camp in uproar : hoover limping back , shouting all the time ; bleary-eyed guards tumbling from their beds ; bolt stumbling out to see what the fuss was about ; then the frantic effort to drag on boots , collect rifles and to set off in hot pursuit . 
 will ran as he had never run before , leaping roots and fallen branches , ducking under hanging foliage , jinking round trees . 
 his breath came out raggedly , his arms pumped rhythmically at his sides . 
 he ran for himself , for his brother and for constança . 
 he ran and ran . 
 *** harry woke as will burst through the vegetation on to the shingle of the beach . 
 the race had been hard and terrifying for the older boy . 
 one or two speculative shots from bolt or hoover had kept him at breakneck speed . 
 he was amazed that they had come after him so quickly . 
 when the first round had cracked into a tree a metre above his head , he realised that the sightlines in the jungle were not as obscured as he had hoped . 
 in fact , the hunters had caught only the merest glimpse of the fleeing figure but , nevertheless , tried their luck . 
 he leapt at the forest , ploughing through the undergrowth , breath ripping from him in the cool dawn . 
 harry had not set up a camp the previous evening ; he had not intended to sleep for long when he had lain on the floor of the raptor using a rolled hammock for a pillow . 
 the exertions of the day had taken their toll and he had just wanted to rest his eyes for an hour or so while he waited for his brother to return . 
 however , he had slept soundly through the night . 
 for a moment , he thought he was dreaming . 
 will was shouting about getting the boat into the water , about being shot at , about leaving fast . 
 when he heard the first rifle shot , harry realised he was awake and that it would be wise to take his brother 's advice . 
 he jumped out on to the shore just as will skidded to a halt beside the raptor . 
 `` no time , '' gasped will . 
 `` bolt . 
 shooting . 
 real bullets . 
 push ! '' 
 shoulders to the gunwales , the brothers heaved the raptor off the shingle and into the water . 
 harry vaulted on board and punched the starter . 
 so keen was he to move , that he nearly left will behind as he opened the throttle and heeled the raptor over into a tight turn . 
 will was dragged into the water and , only after the boat started making headway , managed to haul himself on board . 
 the two men hit the shingle and , in unison , raised their rifles . 
 a pair of shots rang out , splitting the air above the raptor . 
 both boys ducked their heads . 
 harry pushed the throttle as far as it would go and the raptor tore through the water heading away from the shore . 
 bolt and hoover were both breathing heavily after their run through the forest and neither was able to aim with any accuracy . 
 for the moment , the brothers were safe . 
 both had tales to tell , but they concentrated on getting as far from the hunters as possible . 
 it was not until they had rounded the bend and bolt and hoover were out of sight that they had time to draw breath and explain what the previous twelve hours had held for each of them . 
 rapidly , they exchanged stories . 
 harry was astonished that bolt had followed them until he had learned of the gold mine ; he was as outraged as his brother that children were being forced to work . 
 will congratulated harry on his discovery of the fungus . 
 he peered at the dull , crushed matter in the container , which harry proudly showed him , wondering whether it really could be as important as the professor hoped . 
 then they set their minds to escaping the jungle with their lives . 
 will was in no doubt that they would be pursued . 
 he outlined his view of their predicament . 
 `` we 've got a twenty minute start , i reckon . 
 bolt will come after us . 
 he has a better , faster boat . 
 and he has a gun . 
 we have to get to safety . 
 he will kill us if he gets the chance . 
 he 's got too much to lose . '' 
 it was a stark prospect they faced . 
 but what choice had they ? 
 though will tried the satellite phone again and again , still he could not raise a signal . 
 assuming they got out of the jungle , he thought , hyper-systems would be needing to make some improvements . 
 the raptor sped past the concealed backwater which led to the gold mine . 
 harry kept as far from that bank as possible . 
 they half expected bolt and hoover to come bursting forth at full throttle , guns blazing . 
 however , all was quiet . 
 their pursuers would waste precious time retracing their steps to their boat before they could begin to give chase . 
 the brothers began to breathe more easily with every moment they were alone . 
 they began to think that , perhaps , for some reason , bolt would leave them . 
 that illusion was shattered as bolt 's boat hammered round a bend two hundred metres behind them . 
 it was fast . 
 much faster than the raptor . 
 whatever engine he had on his boat , bolt was burning through fuel . 
 he was determined to catch the boys . 
 as they tried to squeeze the last bit of power from the mercury , will and harry had to concede that bolt was gaining visibly . 
 at this rate , will estimated they would be overhauled in a few minutes . 
 as if to underline the brothers ' fate , bolt let loose a couple of shots , while hoover tried to hold the boat as steady as he could . 
 a lucky round hit the back of the boys ' boat , smashing the plastic moulding on the stern , sending splinters flying . 
 their time was running out . 
 will looked wildly ahead , desperate for some means of escape . 
 instead , and with a sinking heart , he saw the head of the system of rapids which , the day before , they had picked their way up so painstakingly . 
 will knew that once the raptor attempted that route , there were two possible outcomes : either they slowed right down and attempted to avoid all the rocks , tried to plot a considered course down to safety -lrb- a kilometre away -rrb- , a course of action which would leave them sitting targets for a marksman like bolt ; or they could try to maintain their speed which would result in a suicidal collision . 
 if the impact did n't kill them , or if they failed to drown , it would be a small matter for bolt to find their battered bodies and ensure they were stone dead . 
 the caiman and piranha would deal with their corpses . 
 for an agonising few moments , will was unable to act , unable to think , unable to make a decision . 
 as the fast boat behind them swept downstream like a howling banshee , it was harry who took the initiative . 
 the raptor had been idling , the mercury sputtering , as they gazed first down the rock-strewn roller coaster of the rapids , then at the approaching menace behind them . 
 harry rammed the throttle forward and spun the wheel hard to the left . 
 the raptor responded nimbly and will , who had not been expecting the sudden jerk , grabbed desperately at the rail . 
 the question which entered his head , as he realised he had not been thrown into the river , was answered before he could articulate it . 
 harry had turned the boat away from the rapids and was heading at full speed down the other route taken by the river . 
 into the unknown was better -- marginally -- than the outcome which awaited them amongst the rocks . 
 in just a minute , the raptor had left the waters they knew and was approaching a bend . 
 the flow here seemed fast and was completely free from rocks . 
 still , they were not clear of danger : hoover knew how to navigate the river , would know which currents to favour and how best to catch them . 
 neither harry nor will dared to think any further ahead than the next bend , the next stretch of open water . 
 both knew , however , that there were well over 200 kilometres of twisting bending watercourse between them and the safety of the brokopondo dam . 
 will considered the possibility of landing and of the two of them heading into the forest for cover . 
 they would have a couple of minutes ' head start at most . 
 as he weighed up the slim range of choices , he glanced back at their pursuers . 
 was it his imagination , or had harry opened up a bigger lead ? 
 still looking for a way out , will watched as the boat behind them slowed and turned broadside . 
 over his shoulder , harry let out a cheer . 
 `` they 've given up ! 
 we 've made it ! '' 
 the crack of a high velocity round as it rent the air above them made both boys flinch . 
 bolt was resting his rifle on the side of the superstructure in an attempt to give him the chance of a steady shot . 
 he loosed off two more before will saw him turn to hoover . 
 their boat came round to face the boys ' boat and advanced . 
 now , however , hoover was content to meander , turning the boat from side to side , taking much of the broad sweep of the river . 
 harry kept the raptor at speed and soon they were far enough round the next bend to have lost sight of bolt and hoover . 
 harry slowed a little and craned his neck , peering back up river . 
 `` they 've had enough , '' he crowed . 
 `` we 're too fast for them . '' 
 he gave the console an affectionate pat . 
 will returned his brother 's triumphant grin but he still had some reservations . 
 bolt had convinced him that he was in mortal danger . 
 bolt had a lot to lose , not least his position with zmi . 
 and bolt had had a look on his face when he had explained will 's demise to him that was demented . 
 the other boat swept into view . 
 `` keep going , '' will instructed harry , unnecessarily . 
 hoover was doing nothing but keeping the raptor in plain sight . 
 he seemed happy enough just staying two hundred metres behind . 
 harry 's elation was matched by will 's suspicion . 
 the older boy cast around for reasons why bolt would lay off . 
 the river was running faster , its surface like glass . 
 it seemed to be narrowing . 
 for a few minutes will studied the banks . 
 before harry had veered to the left , taking them down this branch of the river , there had been two hundred metres between the shores , and the forest had blurred the line between land and water . 
 now , it was clear to will , the river was narrowing -lrb- that would account for the faster flow as the water was forced into a narrower channel -rrb- . 
 and the banks were rising . 
 in the space of only a hundred metres , the raptor had entered a gorge , its walls growing higher and higher , the further the boys progressed . 
 soon , all they could see of the sky was a thin band of blue between the sheer cliffs which hemmed them in . 
 as if to forewarn of danger ahead , the temperature in the gorge dropped several degrees : this part of the forest seldom saw the sun . 
 they were on a straight stretch of water , heading for a right hand bend . 
 behind them , still laying off , bolt and hoover hovered a long way back . 
 as they approached the bend in the river , they boys became aware of a curious noise . 
 the water swept round in front of them , speeding up still more , as it was funnelled between the rock walls , no more than twenty metres apart . 
 then , the river disappeared ! 
 confusion and the terror of understanding hit will simultaneously . 
 how could a river disappear ? 
 by plunging straight down from a precipice . 
 the raptor was careering straight to the brink of a waterfall . 
 seeking the shortest way downhill , the river simply burst from the constriction of the rock walls and shot into space . 
 it had carved itself a beautifully smooth chute and poured , almost unchecked , into the void . 
 the noise that the boys heard was the roar of millions of tons of water . 
 the roar echoed through the canyon , announcing the presence of the waterfall . 
 it was n't a warning as there was nowhere else for them to go -- more the knell of doom . 
 even as will realised that bolt and hoover would not be stupid enough to follow the boys into this peril , harry saw the danger and tried to spin the boat . 
 with the wheel at full lock , the raptor was unable to resist the power of the current . 
 it was inexorably swept towards the edge of oblivion . 
 choices went through will 's mind . 
 even if they could turn back , they 'd be shot . 
 not an option . 
 get to the bank , climb away from the river . 
 they were going too fast ; the rock wall too sheer and too high . 
 swim for it . 
 same applied : not an option . 
 there was only one way . 
 they were going over the falls . 
 if they were to stand a chance , they had to go over bow first and at the right speed to keep the shallow keel level . 
 the trouble was , neither boy had any idea how fast to go nor how far they would fall . 
 -lrb- at the back of both their minds was the thought that it would not matter anyway if the falls crashed on to rocks below . -rrb- 
 will shouted instructions above the roar of the water . 
 harry accepted their fate . 
 he could see bolt 's boat idling now as it held back from the dangerous current as the river approached the falls . 
 even at that distance , he thought he could see the grimace on the man 's face . 
 he turned and concentrated on keeping the boat nose-on to the falls . 
 as they were swept forward , he gunned the motor . 
 in his mind , he had the thought of launching a paper plane into the air -- give it shove in an upward direction . 
 then they were there . 
 *** half a kilometre away , bolt cursed . 
 hoover looked surprised . 
 `` you wanted them dead . 
 what 's the problem ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the problem is , '' bolt explained through gritted teeth , `` that we now have to go all the way round to find out whether they died . 
 there 's no way we can get close enough to the falls without going over ourselves . 
 that is why i wanted to put a bullet in each of them . 
 with a bullet , you are sure . '' 
 `` it 's a big fall , mate , '' hoover said , hopefully . 
 `` their boat could 've flipped . 
 they should 've hit the rocks . 
 splat ! 
 no more kids , you get me ? 
 they would 've drowned even if they were n't killed outright . '' 
 bolt just stared at the falls . 
 `` could 've , should 've , would 've , '' he mused . 
 `` but we do n't know for sure . '' 
 he turned to hoover . 
 `` get this boat back up the river . 
 we 've got to check . '' 
 chapter twenty-two one second the raptor was skimming the water , the next , it was airborne . 
 the rush of images came thick and fast : the green carpet of jungle beneath them ; the white cloud of spray which clung to the hull as the boat burst forward ; will diving for the deck , seeking a handhold ; the pool of churning water beneath them . 
 everything went quiet . 
 for harry , standing at the wheel , the whole perspective changed . 
 the raptor seemed to hang in the air for an age . 
 harry felt calm -- he had committed them to whatever fate had in store for them ; there was nothing he could do to alter it . 
 the fall seemed to go on and on and then -- with a mighty splash and a rush of returning sound -- they were down . 
 compared to the mad rush down the river , the fear of high velocity rounds and the strange , insane fall , the first moments at the foot of the falls were peaceful . 
 it helped that both boys were lying on the cool floor of the raptor -- will where he had thrown himself , harry where he had been thrown by the impact . 
 they had a minute to decide whether they were dead or alive . 
 both sat up at the same time , a bit bruised , a bit knocked about but , considering the stunt they 'd just pulled off , they were remarkably intact . 
 surprise was the greatest emotion they felt as they looked back to where they had come from . 
 the falls towered above them , not quite as tall as they had looked in the split second when the boat had shot over ; nevertheless , ten metres is a long drop . 
 in fact , two things had saved them -lrb- neither of which occurred to the boys at the time -rrb- . 
 their momentum had carried them far enough to avoid the maelstrom directly beneath the falls ; and the configuration of the raptor 's hull , designed for aquadynamic stability , had provided some aerodynamic stability -- at least enough to deliver the boat on to the water fairly flat . 
 after the initial shock , they began to take stock . 
 some of the lighter gear in the boat -- certainly that which had not been tied down -- had been lost overboard . 
 but the boys had been heavy enough to stay on board . 
 the boat was drifting away from the falls and harry quickly returned to the wheel . 
 the motor had been smothered by the splashdown and harry pushed the starter with some trepidation . 
 it spluttered , turned over and settled into its accustomed throb . 
 they exchanged looks tinged with nervous grins , neither trusting himself to talk just yet . 
 harry pointed the boat downstream and gave it a little throttle . 
 for much of the rest of the day , will and harry concentrated on putting as much distance between them and bolt as they could . 
 they knew their luck at the falls had bought them valuable time . 
 truth be told , had they not blundered into the waterfall , bolt would have overhauled them easily and -- well , the phrase `` fish in a barrel '' , came to mind . 
 the satellite phone had taken another bashing as will had rather carelessly left it loose on the deck but , as it had not been working anyway , it did n't seem to matter . 
 he cast the useless thing aside , disappointed . 
 he would have felt safer had he been able to relay some of the information about bolt to somebody else . 
 in particular , he wanted to make sure that , no matter what happened to him , he could somehow keep his promise to constança . 
 when he took the wheel from harry , he suggested his brother try the laptop . 
 dutifully , harry tapped out an email and hit the send key . 
 almost immediately , the screen displayed a message informing him of insufficient network coverage . 
 `` useless , '' he muttered . 
 by mid-afternoon , they had regained the ezel . 
 the width of the main river added to their feeling of escape . 
 they no longer felt hemmed in by a brooding jungle which is what each had felt separately as they had fled bolt 's domain . 
 from here , the ezel meandered north towards the great brokopondo lake . 
 the vast size of the river was impressive . 
 its breadth varied considerably and it was difficult to estimate it accurately as there were countless islands -- large and small -- which cut the view as they neared the margins of the main channel . 
 the river proper was over a kilometre across . 
 this was where any industrial traffic moved , indeed , from a distance they saw one of the ore carriers that could only be on its way to the apetina mine . 
 towards each bank of the ezel , the water flowed in and around a system of sandbanks and more established islands , some of them several kilometres in length and thickly clothed in greenery . 
 will had suggested to harry that they steer a course which would allow them to disappear amongst this natural aquatic labyrinth should the need arise . 
 they were , perhaps , a hundred and fifty kilometres from the lake and ever mindful of pursuit ; will found it difficult not to peer back along the river every few minutes . 
 something at the back of his mind told him that he would , on one of these occasions , see the familiar shape of the general manager 's boat as hoover steered and bolt levelled his rifle once more . 
 but , as the day progressed , there was no sign of danger . 
 harry was the first to spot the lone figure on the beach . 
 at first , will , peering forward , refused to believe his brother . 
 but harry was pointing off to the side where the way was concealed by an island . 
 they left the main course of the ezel and dipped into the inland delta created by a huge sweeping bend covering many kilometres and several hundred hectares . 
 while the main river swept majestically by , a self-contained ecosystem coexisted just beyond the main flow . 
 will recognised the formation into which they had navigated . 
 the weight of the river travelling round a bend carves ever more exaggerated curves . 
 eventually -lrb- and this takes many hundreds of years -rrb- , the erosion connects the beginning of one bend with the end of the next . 
 the river steams majestically on , leaving a sluggish lake behind -- an ox-bow lake . 
 the ezel had created a complicated pattern of lakes which had remained connected to the main flow . 
 effectively , it was a series of smaller routes around isolated islands , away from the main river . 
 the flow had not slowed enough , yet , for the area to become a swamp . 
 that would come in time . 
 it was into this backwater that harry had nosed the raptor out of curiosity . 
 `` there 's a bloke there ! '' 
 harry exclaimed . 
 and so , after a few moments staring , there was , will had to agree . 
 at a distance of three or four hundred metres , there was nothing distinctive at all about the figure . 
 perhaps it was the obvious bulk of the body which led harry to assume it was a man . 
 he cut the motor to idle and allowed the craft to drift on the current in order to draw near cautiously . 
 the man sat , his back to the river , with his head in his hands , rocking to and fro . 
 the shore of his island had been eroded to a muddy beach . 
 will , always careful , glanced around and , in the natural setting , spotted an unnatural form . 
 `` he 's stranded , '' he told harry . 
 `` look . '' 
 he pointed away to the left . 
 `` there 's his boat -- what 's left of it . '' 
 sticking above the rushing water , where the river embraced the southern point of the island was the superstructure of a boat . 
 it must have been a craft of similar size to the greene boys ' boat . 
 but it had come to grief on a jagged root and had grounded out in the shallows . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 called harry . 
 he stood with one foot on the gunwale , grasping the handrail . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 he shouted , again . 
 the boat was now as close to the shore as will judged safe . 
 he turned to motor over , reversing the drift . 
 the throaty grunt of the mercury had an instant effect on the figure on the beach , now twenty metres from the boys . 
 he leapt to its feet . 
 there was a look of fear mingled with astonishment on the bearded face . 
 there was a brief pause before he flung out his arms and shouted a greeting : `` praise the good lord ! '' 
 *** mw had been sitting in abject despair on the muddy flat for several hours . 
 he had no idea of the exact time that had elapsed since he had been cast away in his own little nightmare . 
 the boat he had stolen from the apetina mine at least kept him out of the jungle proper . 
 all he had to do was tootle downstream . 
 he had supplies of normal food , tinned ; water , bottled . 
 there was really no need to engage any further with an environment which threatened at every turn to bite , sting or prick . 
 as for the men he 'd encountered ... they did n't bear thinking about . 
 mw had started to rue the day he had rescued the limey businessman , stone , from the prison riot . 
 sure , he 'd earned some decent money from jonas -lrb- much of it for doing nothing -rrb- . 
 but the job he 'd been given did not , at present , seem worth the trouble any more . 
 he had had to remind himself of two things . 
 one : stone was offering five million dollars for the job he had already done . 
 and two : if he could intercept the greene boys and relieve them of this magical fungus with all its healing properties , he could afford to cut all his ties with stone . 
 hell , he could afford to ignore the five mil ! 
 he had been around for long enough and had enough contacts to make him absolutely certain that he could pass on this extraordinary mushroom to an old college pal in the right industry who would see its potential . 
 there were billions to be made ! 
 it was while he had been day dreaming of the comfortable retirement that awaited him in the caribbean that his boat had hit a snag . 
 hard . 
 thrown forward into the steering wheel , he had been winded and , when he had gone over the side , he had barely the strength to reach the shore . 
 it had taken him some time to realise his transport was gone ; a little longer to accept the possibility that he might never get out of the jungle . 
 he dragged himself up to the drier part of the island , slipping in the mud and dropped to the ground to recover . 
 he had had quite a rough time over the last couple of days . 
 after recovering some of his strength and resolve , he had taken stock of his situation . 
 he had always been a man able to thrive on his wits -- the conman 's stock in trade -- but , as he had stumbled and crawled around his new domain , the sole inhabitant on an island no larger than two football pitches , he began to realise just how bleak his situation was . 
 he was stranded in the middle of a swirling river , hundreds of metres from the shore , in the heart of the loneliest , most desolate province of a poor country on a poor continent . 
 no one knew where he was . 
 no one even knew he had set out for suriname , save jonas stone who , no doubt , was in his well-appointed office suite in london , over seven thousand kilometres away . 
 mw 's options were limited . 
 he 'd never been a strong swimmer and the residents of the ezel -- caimans -- may be crocodiles of the smaller variety but were , nonetheless , rapacious reptiles armed with hundreds of razor-sharp teeth . 
 and his limited knowledge of tropical river systems included the fact that shoals of piranha patrolled the waters , always keen to strip the flesh from careless swimmers . 
 the boat was a wreck . 
 even the nicely packaged supplies were unobtainable , underwater . 
 the only thing he had managed to grab as he 'd half fallen , half leapt over the side of the boat , was his tote bag , which he now clutched to his chest as a mother might hold her baby . 
 and his chances of surviving on the island for more than a day or two -- no food , no shelter , only muddy river water -- were remote . 
 sitting with his head in his hands , he began to regret his previous conduct . 
 he knew , deep down , that he had not been good in the strictly recognised sense of the word . 
 he had relieved gullible people of their money ; he had committed many a violent act ; and he had had scant regard for the law of any land he had cared to visit . 
 it 's odd what reactions fear can generate in human beings . 
 in mw , it must have touched the soul of the reverend of the 99 saints for , as he sat there , he began to pray . 
 he prayed long and hard , making all sorts of promises to his god . 
 he 'd mend his ways ; he 'd do good work from now on ; he 'd be kinder to animals . 
 that sort of thing . 
 the only thing he asked for in return for this character transformation was a way off the island and a passage to the civilised world . 
 mw did not know how long he had been sitting in the mud when he heard the unmistakable noise of an outboard . 
 he leapt up , shouting to the boat that idled some metres away . 
 he squinted at the occupants of the craft . 
 it could n't be . 
 not possible . 
 it was . 
 it was the greene boys ! 
 gee whiz ! 
 he thought . 
 i 've been wondering how to get close to them without making them suspicious and now they find me . 
 he resolved to slip into character as the reverend for the meeting , conveniently forgetting all the promises he had just made . 
 will kept the motor ticking over as he assessed the situation . 
 unusual , he thought , even for this exotic location . 
 this was no native of the surinamese jungle . 
 he looked quite out of place and uncomfortable , too . 
 but , as he muttered to his brother : `` we 've got to help him . 
 but keep your eyes open and watch for anything suspicious . 
 all those warnings about stranger-danger apply out here , you know . '' 
 mw was effusive in his thanks as he hauled himself over the gunwale and flopped on to the floor of the raptor . 
 most of the mud had been washed off his clothes as he had waded quickly out to the boat and he sat recovering against the side , a gentle steam rising from him as the sun dried his shirt . 
 `` boys , you do n't know how grateful i am . '' 
 he had slipped into the southern drawl of the minister he was impersonating . 
 `` the good lord will surely bless you . 
 you would n't have a bite to eat for a poor sinner , would you ? 
 only , the good lord has tested this sinner . 
 i 've had no dinner . 
 it 's like the forty days and forty nights the lord jesus had to endure in the wilderness . '' 
 harry passed mw a snickers bar which mw consumed greedily . 
 between bites he answered will 's questions . 
 `` there are still heathen in this here jungle , my boy , who need to be brought to the lord . 
 i -- reverend dwayne dillinger -- have been called upon by the almighty to spread his word . 
 it is a task i perform with the most humble pride . 
 it is an honour to be chosen . 
 of course , it is sometimes difficult to understand the workings of the almighty but he musta had good reason to run me aground here . 
 maybe , '' and he looked up at the boys as he said it , `` maybe it was his will that i meet with you . '' 
 will chose to ignore this . 
 he spun the wheel and eased the raptor out into the current . 
 there was something not quite right about their passenger . 
 will could not say what but his brother , now he 'd had a closer look , was regarding the good reverend with a great deal of suspicion . 
 at the back of harry 's mind was a small warning bell which grew in intensity the longer he looked at the bearded man who was now adjusting his position and making himself comfortable . 
 perhaps if he had been more rested , he might have put the fragmentary images in his brain together sooner -- somehow , he felt , he knew this man -- but , as the raptor swept round the northern tip of the island and took the boys deeper into the delta , other things crowded in on his tired mind . 
 however , the whisper of doubt remained . 
 will and the reverend talked as they travelled . 
 will was taciturn , the reverend garrulous . 
 will heard all about reverend dillinger 's good works -- how he had saved countless natives in the jungle ; how he had turned down the soft option of a tennessee parish in order to do so ; and how , despite the rigours of life in the jungle , he embraced his work as he embraced the lord . 
 slowly , as will was a trusting sort of chap , he began to accept that the good reverend was deserving of his trust . 
 he may not have been the most effective preacher but his heart seemed to be in the right place . 
 harry , however , kept his own council ; something about their passenger unsettled him deeply . 
 chapter twenty-three will expected the journey to lake brokopondo to take until the middle of the next day . 
 there was no question of pushing on through the night . 
 they needed somewhere safe and unobtrusive to make camp . 
 trying to travel in the dark would be dangerous . 
 they would run the very serious risk of being holed by a floating log or of running aground -lrb- it had already happened to the good reverend -- and he 'd had god to guide him -rrb- . 
 as dusk dusted the jungle , harry took the raptor away from the main stream and sought some haven on the east bank of the ezel . 
 he settled on a heavily wooded protruding spur of land which allowed them to beach the boat behind a curtain of foliage . 
 there was little chance of bolt spotting them even if he were still following them . 
 they were on the inner curve , beyond the apex , of a sweeping bend which took the river from west to east . 
 the natural line for river traffic round this bend was seven or eight hundred metres out in the main current . 
 will felt secure as he and his brother went about the business of pitching their camp . 
 their unexpected passenger seemed oblivious of the need for everyone to lend a hand . 
 as harry hauled hammocks and mosquito nets from the boat and began to sling them up between convenient trees , and will set about heating a meal for them , reverend dillinger settled back against a tree trunk and pulled his hat over his eyes . 
 he misunderstood will 's sarcastic enquiry . 
 `` may i get you anything ? '' 
 the boy asked , an eyebrow arched . 
 `` do n't let me interrupt you , lad . 
 you get your chores done good ; i can wait for a coffee . 
 the good lord has given me the gift of patience . '' 
 mw had missed will 's smirk and had called after him : `` but , when you 're done , i 'll take three sugars . '' 
 will shushed harry 's reaction and they busied themselves preparing for the night . 
 `` say , boys , '' drawled mw , casually . 
 `` what brings you to the jungle ? 
 i mean , i 'm not trying to be rude , but you seem awful young to be here on your own . '' 
 will who , so far , thought they had done remarkably well , bristled slightly . 
 `` we 're assessing the environmental impact of bauxite mining . 
 for a major green investor . '' 
 `` that 's quite a responsibility . '' 
 `` there 's a mine some way up river . 
 we had to finish an inspection when the boss was injured in an accident . 
 now we 're on our way back to parbo to report . '' 
 `` no radio equipment ? '' 
 asked mw carelessly . 
 will took the sat phone from his pocket , clicked it on and , having checked the display , said : `` only this ; but it 's broken . '' 
 that was information that was useful for mw : no contact with the outside world . 
 `` what do you think of the jungle ? 
 anything interesting to report ? '' 
 will saw no reason to be guarded . 
 this , after all , was a missionary , a man whose existence was governed by helping those who had not yet been brought to christianity . 
 will was naturally inclined to be friendly . 
 `` we had a stroke of luck . 
 i do n't know whether you know , but the rainforest could hold countless plants and animals that might be used to help humans . 
 one of the reasons we looked at the mining operation was to make sure the environment was n't permanently damaged . '' 
 harry joined them , squatting beside the stove that will had used to heat their supper -- beans and bacon in a bag . 
 will passed a bag to his brother and one to mw , who made appreciative noises . 
 as they tucked in , will warmed to his theme . 
 he explained the request that had been made by the professor and then , with a broad proud smile on his face , told mw that harry had located the fungus . 
 harry pulled the bottle from his pocket and showed it off . 
 `` and that is going to make a difference to thousands of people , you say ? '' 
 mw sounded deeply impressed . 
 `` though , it do n't look like much . '' 
 he reached over for the bottle . 
 something made harry return it to his pocket . 
 `` i think i 'll keep it for the prof. '' mw ignored this and continued being friendly . 
 `` so , you two just set off on your own ? 
 i must say i am truly impressed . 
 young people today get a lot of bad press -- they ca n't be bothered , they 're too concerned with themselves , never willing to do anything for anyone else . 
 you two are a credit to your family . 
 i 'd be proud to have you as my sons . '' 
 they sat for a while , talking about the boys ' hopes , about the rest of the journey -- mw was careful to spend time thanking them for their kindness in rescuing him -- and will produced the requested coffee -lrb- though mw had to do without sugar -rrb- . 
 when the only light left was that from the leds in the rechargeable lamp which hung from a low branch , three weary travellers agreed to turn in . 
 half an hour later , only the sounds of the jungle drifted across the ezel . 
 *** something had disturbed harry . 
 he was still in the hazy drowse between sleep and wakefulness . 
 he felt relaxed and warm and could not work out why he was not still wrapped up in a dream with involved him and frank lampard combining to put chelsea ahead against manchester united in the dying moments of the fa cup semi-final . 
 without opening his eyes , he knew it was light . 
 the cool dew on his face told him it was very early . 
 then , he sat up with a start . 
 the noise was that of a motor coughing into life . 
 it was distant but distinct . 
 bolt and hoover had found the boys ; at the least , they were close . 
 harry rolled out of his hammock , clutching his trousers which he had hung over a branch . 
 he dragged them on and shuffled into his basketball boots , leaving the laces as he pushed through the undergrowth towards the river at a crouch . 
 he looked out across the calm waters . 
 there was a boat ! 
 it was only about twenty metres out . 
 harry 's first instinct was to duck out of sight . 
 his second instinct was to peer through the leaves , wondering why it was the raptor he saw . 
 he had expected to see bolt combing the shoreline , looking down the barrel of his rifle . 
 instead , there was the reverend dillinger , his back to the shore , pushing the starter , trying to get the motor to turn over . 
 harry stood , uncomprehendingly , for a few seconds . 
 he was about to call out , to find out what the reverend was doing , when the man turned round as the motor gave a healthy roar . 
 mw saw the boy immediately and gave him a wolfish grin and a cheery wave . 
 harry 's misgivings about the man instantly made sense to him as he realised where he had seen that image before . 
 the bearded face . 
 parbo , when the truck had nearly run down his father and again at the apetina mine after the accident . 
 `` thanks for everything , '' called mw across the calm morning water . 
 `` i 'll be seeing you boys . '' 
 he paused and then , the grin still on his face , shouted , cheerily , `` oh , perhaps i wo n't . 
 just remember what good you 've done the human race . '' 
 he held a small bottle high in the air for harry to see . 
 the fungus sample . 
 `` i got your old man second time round ; and it looks like i got you all in the end . '' 
 there was nothing for harry to say . 
 he simply watched as mw opened the throttle and turned the boat for the main stream of the river . 
 within a few minutes , the raptor reached the point in the next bend where it would be hidden from view . 
 mw turned for the last time to give the boy a mocking wave . 
 the noise of the mercury had died to almost nothing , so the sound of the other motor came clearly to harry . 
 he looked up river in time to see hoover at the helm of his boat and he heard , indistinctly , an excited yell from bolt , who was standing at the prow . 
 harry shrank back into the trees but maintained his vantage point enough to see bolt raise his rifle and take a couple of speculative shots at the distant raptor before mw disappeared from view . 
 as mw vanished round the bend , harry had the satisfaction of seeing the terror on his face . 
 he watched as hoover powered the boat down the river , urged on by bolt . 
 they swept by , a hundred metres out , little suspecting that they were chasing the right boat but that their true targets were on the bank , concealed by the jungle . 
 harry turned as will stumbled to his side . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he demanded blearily . 
 `` get back ! '' 
 harry tugged his brother down to his level . 
 strictly , that had n't been necessary . 
 bolt and hoover were already past their position and intent on the river as it flowed round the bend . 
 neither of them gave a glance towards the bank . 
 `` i thought we 'd lost them . 
 i thought they 'd have given up by now , '' will breathed . 
 `` but at least they 've gone . '' 
 `` so 's the raptor , '' harry informed him . 
 he related the scene that had greeted him when he had been woken , then filled will in on the part mw -- `` the reverend '' , as he knew him -- had played in the last few days . 
 `` why would someone want to kill us ? '' 
 will was unable to grasp entirely the implications of what his brother was suggesting . 
 had he been more awake , he would have realised how redundant his question was . 
 `` yes , '' said harry . 
 `` usually , only two psychos after you is enough . '' 
 he nodded in the direction of the rapidly disappearing bolt and hoover . 
 `` but then , in fairness , we did n't know about the good reverend until yesterday . '' 
 will ignored his brother 's sarcasm . 
 `` he 's also got the bottle with the fungus in it , '' harry added . 
 the brothers returned to their camp site , such as it was . 
 most of their gear had been in the raptor , including food and water . 
 they gathered all their possessions together . 
 they amounted to not a great deal for survival in the jungle . 
 a stove -- nothing to light it with ; one short machete ; three hammocks and nets ; the clothes they stood up in . 
 everything else was stowed aboard the raptor , currently property of the good reverend . 
 things looked bleak . 
 *** the sun rose . 
 the heat grew . 
 will worried . 
 he was ultimately responsible for the whole expedition , for his brother , for the information that his father needed and for professor ramsundar 's hopes . 
 it rather looked to will that , on all levels , he had failed . 
 `` cheer up , '' harry had told him . 
 `` i 'm going to see what i can see . 
 i 'm hungry . 
 you want anything in particular ? '' 
 `` big mac , '' will had said , without smiling . 
 harry had been gone for a half hour during which will had taken in the hammocks and realised they were of no use to them . 
 what they needed were marching rations , hats and water bottles . 
 the only slim chance they had was , it appeared to will , to walk out of the jungle . 
 he guessed that they would have to cover another hundred kilometres before they got to lake brokopondo . 
 the lake , itself , stretched for 40 kilometres , north to south . 
 that distance could easily be doubled if they were forced to follow its ragged shoreline . 
 the enormity of the task bore down on will and he began to despair . 
 he found himself pacing , trying not to allow their desperate situation get the better of him . 
 he told himself that they had managed to avoid the clutches of adolphus bolt , had survived the drop from the waterfall and found , albeit temporarily , the precious fungus . 
 he steeled himself for the task ahead of him . 
 but it seemed to have a dizzying effect upon him . 
 was it all too much ? 
 should he have insisted on carrying on without his father ? 
 he was only sixteen ; harry was only fourteen . 
 what had he been thinking ? 
 the ground moved beneath his feet . 
 he felt weak and beaten by the forest . 
 will had never fainted before , but now he lurched to the right , as though he were being pitched upon the sea . 
 he felt an irrational sense of humiliation if this was the way it was to end -- so overwhelmed by the situation that he was going to pass out . 
 he was glad his brother was n't there to see it . 
 `` next stop brokopondo ! '' 
 called harry . 
 he jogged back into the clearing where they had camped , the machete raised in salute . 
 will realised he was as clearheaded as ever . 
 the ground really was moving beneath him . 
 `` it 's a drifter , '' harry explained as he came to a halt . 
 `` it was snagged on the real bank . 
 i hacked away the root system of the tree that had caught and we 're off . 
 better than walking , eh ? '' 
 will pushed his way towards the river . 
 bizarrely , the ground on which he stood was keeping pace with the flow of the water -- no , it was floating on the current . 
 he took his bearings again and reassessed the position in which he found himself . 
 slowly , he realised what had happened . 
 they had moored , the previous night , without knowing it , on the edge of one of the great chunks of land torn off by the sibibusi , the great living islands which drifted down stream , propelled by the current until they snagged or were broken up . 
 for the time being , will and harry were rulers of their own tiny island territory . 
 harry walked his astonished brother round their kingdom . 
 it was about thirty-five metres long and densely packed with vegetation . 
 it seemed to be roughly oval on shape and , at what the boys immediately , though weirdly , thought of as the stern , were the remains of the roots that harry had hacked away . 
 as it drifted on the current , it twisted this was and that . 
 `` i was looking for a way through the jungle , '' he explained . 
 `` i followed the bank for a little way until i came across this . '' 
 he indicated the severed root system . 
 `` a little further along and i was coming back to where i had started from . 
 i realised it must be an island . 
 and look . '' 
 he poked at the edge of the ground beneath them . 
 `` there is no shingle . 
 this has not been here for long enough to settle and erode . 
 i guessed it was a drifter and hacked us lose . 
 welcome aboard the good ship lucky . '' 
 chapter twenty-four will took the time to examine the extraordinary craft on which they found themselves . 
 apart from the narrow clearing where they had camped for the night , it was densely clad in verdant jungle . 
 will recalled wondering a few days previously whether such drifters , as harry had dubbed the floating islands , could take sailors . 
 the boys had watched as the detritus of the sibibusi had washed past them -- some of it far out in the ezel ; a lot brushing the banks , threatening to clog up the shoreline . 
 it was strange . 
 after the initial lurch as harry had freed the island from the tangle of roots that had held it fast , their progress downstream had been stately . 
 happily , the current had carried them to the clear waters mid-stream : no more snags . 
 will grinned as he saw harry 's head and shoulders poking up through the treetops as he scanned the river ahead , like a pirate at the masthead . 
 there were a few disgruntled howls of protest from the monkeys that shared their island as one of the invaders dared to climb into their realm . 
 how would those monkeys feel when they found they had been torn from the land they knew and transported hundreds of kilometres ? 
 they travelled in this unconventional manner for much of the morning . 
 the sun was high and burning hot by the time they spotted the raptor . 
 it was aground on a beach . 
 the river , evidently , took a severe turn to the right as it rolled round the foot of a hill whose peak could be seen a little way inland . 
 in fact , it nearly doubled back on itself . 
 the result was that the boys ' island entered the natural lagoon created by the river 's progress . 
 if it had not been there , they would have floated helplessly by , leaving their boat behind . 
 quickly , they crouched in the long grass at the leading edge of the island , surveying the scene before them . 
 the lagoon extended into the jungle as the river struggled round a promontory which stood out at the foot of the hill . 
 it was as though the ezel had been in two minds -- had attempted to pass the hill to the west and , finding the ground rising , had taken the easier route to the east . 
 the result was a sluggish pond which attracted flotsam as it floated by , to be deposited on the shingle shore . 
 there was much other debris on the beach beside the raptor , including the boat which bolt and hoover had been using . 
 both craft were ashore and leaning slightly to one side , the propellers of their outboards , still in the water , as though they had been abandoned in haste . 
 the brothers were unlikely to be presented with a similar opportunity again . 
 the choice was simple : caution or daring . 
 either they could conceal themselves amongst the bushes of the good ship hope , lie low and bank on being swept back into the main stream ; or ... `` there 's no one here , '' harry whispered . 
 he imagined what had happened . 
 `` the rev got caught , finally . 
 perhaps he got swept ashore . 
 whatever . 
 he 's run off into the jungle and bolt 's gone after him . '' 
 `` nice of him to leave our boat , '' will commented . 
 `` that 'll make things easier from here on . 
 easier to steer than an island . '' 
 as the island encountered the gently shelving ground , it shuddered to a halt ten metres from the shore . 
 despite the toothy residents of the ezel , harry and will threw themselves headlong into the water , emerging in the shallows to wade ashore . 
 the raptor looked as though it had survived its trip with its temporary owner though , on closer inspection , will noticed the addition of a couple of small neat holes in the hull , each about a centimetre across and some similar ones in the superstructure . 
 bolt 's aim had been improving . 
 there was no time to make a more detailed examination . 
 both boys leant their weight against the raptor , heaving it off the beach and back into the water . 
 both experienced a curious and deeply unpleasant sensation as their backs were to the forest . 
 unbidden , the idea of a man peering down a telescopic sight with the crosshairs centred on the middle of his back , entered each boy 's head . 
 it lent them strength and haste , however , and the raptor floated away from the bank . 
 harry stepped in as will gave the stern a shove . 
 `` do n't start her up , yet , '' he instructed . 
 `` i 'll be a minute . '' 
 he turned his attention to the second boat . 
 it was a good deal faster than the raptor with a larger outboard . 
 will 's plan was simple . 
 bolt or hoover had foolishly left the keys . 
 he 'd chuck them into the ezel . 
 that would do it . 
 and he nearly had time to do just that . 
 nearly , but not quite . 
 as he reached for the keys which hung invitingly from the ignition , there was a shout of anger from the trees . 
 as will swung round , harry barked a warning and the metallic double click of a rifle bolt chambering a round echoed across the lagoon . 
 `` duck ! '' 
 shouted harry . 
 the bullet missed will by a few centimetres . 
 he turned and fled , dropping the keys into the bottom of the boat . 
 he sprinted into the shallows and launched himself into a flat running dive . 
 a frantic crawl brought him to the side of the raptor where his brother was desperately trying to start the outboard . 
 will flopped over the side as the motor burst into life . 
 harry flung himself at the controls , opening the throttle and slamming the wheel hard right . 
 the boat , already in the current , responded gamely and raised its nose as the propeller dug into the river . 
 the boys kept low . 
 and it was just as well they did . 
 they could not hear the reports from the rifles which bolt and hoover levelled at them from the bank : the roar of the mercury , protesting at the demands made on it , drowned them out . 
 however , the bullets , travelling at high velocity punched through the air above their heads breaking the sound barrier with a whip crack . 
 the perspex windshield over the steering wheel suddenly shattered as a shot clipped it . 
 another bullet thumped into the stern , narrowly missing the plastic housing of the outboard . 
 harry whipped the wheel left and right to put the marksmen off their aim . 
 suddenly , they were out in the river again . 
 the spur of land would soon give them desperately needed cover . 
 will risked a look back . 
 bolt was still trying to get an accurate range on them but loosed off no more shots . 
 hoover was trying to drag the other boat to the water singlehandedly . 
 as will watched , bolt joined him . 
 it would not be long before the race was on again . 
 harry did n't need instructions . 
 he was standing now and trying to wring as much speed as he could from the raptor . 
 for what seemed like an age , the boat leapt from wavelet to wavelet down the widening ezel and then , relief flooded over the boys as the river poured into lake brokopondo . 
 the thought that the end of their flight was within reach , gave them new hope . 
 but only for a short while . 
 there was still no sign of pursuit but neither boy thought that bolt would give up now . 
 and there was still a long way to go before they reached the safety and protection of civilisation at the other end of the lake . 
 they had one more life or death decision to make . 
 `` head over there , '' will shouted , indicating his right -- the east side of the lake . 
 `` we 'll get amongst the islands . 
 it 'll make it more difficult for them to find us . '' 
 the east of the valley which now held the lake had been the more mountainous part of the region before it had been inundated with water . 
 the tops of those hills and mountains still poked through the lake 's surface creating a maze of islands . 
 will hoped to be able to navigate their way north , slipping in and out of cover . 
 they should only have to travel the final few kilometres in the open . 
 *** it was perhaps just as well that the greene brothers were not around to witness the burning fury of adolphus bolt as he realised his quarry had eluded him again . 
 his rage was compounded by the fact that he could not work out how will and harry had appeared on the beach to reclaim their boat . 
 of course , after a time following the raptor , he had realised that they were not aboard . 
 he had reasoned that he could return for them , in the unlikely event that they survived the jungle . 
 in the meantime , having recognised the figure in the boat ahead of him as the fat american who had been snooping around his mine , he had resolved to finish that piece of business . 
 inexplicably , just when the american had allowed the raptor to become trapped in the river lagoon and bolt felt the kill , bolt had lost the scent again . 
 the american had disappeared in panic up the beach and had been enveloped by the forest . 
 bolt had strode after him , a round in the chamber , with no thought of playing with him this time . 
 one clean shot was all he 'd need . 
 hoover followed at a distance . 
 however , despite a lengthy search , and against all expectations , the american had vanished . 
 bolt 's instincts had sent him one way then another . 
 but they let him down . 
 then , he heard a distinct cough . 
 he brought the rifle up to his shoulder as he span round to face in the direction of the noise . 
 he carefully moved forward , using his knees to part the undergrowth . 
 `` where are you , yank ? '' 
 he called softly . 
 `` there is no way out . 
 show yourself . '' 
 squinting down the telescopic sight , he failed to see the very slight movement to his left . 
 a shape rose from the forest floor very slowly . 
 when he reached a half crouch , mw stopped and tried to steady his outstretched arms . 
 he pointed the walther at the approaching bolt and squeezed the trigger . 
 when out hunting , whether in the veldt in south africa , in the mountains of north america or the forests of germany , adolphus bolt had always felt a sense of supreme confidence in his ability to take down whatever he stalked . 
 bull elephant , grizzly bear or wild boar , he 'd got them all , trophies from different parts of the globe . 
 but they all had one thing in common : they never shot back . 
 this was a new experience for bolt . 
 suddenly , the air around his head was filled with the snap and crack of bullets whipping past . 
 leaves and twigs fell from the trees . 
 bolt turned and fled , nearly knocking hoover over as he went . 
 he only just kept the presence of mind to hang on to his rifle . 
 hoover gathered his wits , turned , and followed bolt back to the lagoon . 
 mw poked his head out from behind a tree and was delighted to see his tormentors ' backsides . 
 he popped off a couple of extra shots just to encourage them . 
 the frantic hunters leapt and ran through the forest , one behind the other , until they were forced to stop so they could breathe properly . 
 standing doubled up , bolt kept a wary eye on the jungle from which he had come , ready to take off again if the need arose . 
 hoover sucked in air , next to him . 
 there was no sound from the trees . 
 it took the two men fully five minutes to recover from their shock . 
 bolt needed something to bolster his self-esteem . 
 he shouted at the jungle : `` you come out , yank , you 're dead . 
 you ' ear what i 'm saying ? 
 you better be planning on staying in there to rot , man . '' 
 a voice drifted to the men from the direction of the lagoon : `` do n't start her up , yet . '' 
 for ten seconds , bolt and hoover stared at each other , as if neither could believe his ears . 
 bolt reacted first . 
 `` it 's those bloody kids ! 
 c’mon ! '' 
 he set off towards the river . 
 he was utterly furious when he reached the beach . 
 by the time he had emptied a magazine after the fleeing brothers , his temper was at such a pitch that hoover was beginning to fear for his own safety with the general manager . 
 fired by anger and forgetting about mw , bolt had dragged the boat to the water , cursing hoover for a weakling . 
 he had screamed at hoover to get after the brothers and had flung his rifle to the ground in frustration when it became clear that the ignition keys were missing . 
 eventually , of course , he had calmed down . 
 he had addressed the situation rationally and had set to work stripping the outboard with a view to starting it without the keys . 
 as he worked , he told hoover that the advantage remained with them . 
 but he emphasised that the boys could not be allowed to leave the jungle . 
 if that happened , their whole business would be finished . 
 then there was the little matter of importing child labour from brazil ... bolt knew the ezel ; he knew lake brokopondo . 
 in a straight race from one end of the lake to the other , their boat would outstrip the raptor with ease . 
 all he needed was a clean shot . 
 if he could get close enough to hit the fuel tank of the outboard ... kaboom ! 
 end of boat , end of boys , all disposed of in deep water . 
 hoover hovered and nodded in agreement . 
 when he accidentally stood on the keys , he discreetly kicked them under the edge of the gunwale . 
 no point in aggravating the man further . 
 the motor had finally yielded to bolt 's efforts and turned over . 
 they were an hour , at most , behind the fleeing greenes . 
 they knew where the boys were heading . 
 bolt nodded to hoover and the australian flipped the wheel of the boat and steered it downstream towards the lake . 
 chapter twenty-five forty kilometres , flitting from island to island , constantly peering behind expecting to see death chasing them . 
 four hours of hide and seek . 
 hide for your life ; death , the seeker . 
 from time to time , they took the extra precaution of silencing the outboard to listen for signs of trouble . 
 apart from the light across the water , however , they appeared to be alone and safe . 
 occasionally , way out to the west , they sighted the commercial traffic which they had seen from the helicopter when they had first arrived in the jungle . 
 there were bauxite barges and the great river tugs dragging impossibly large teardrops of timber . 
 all too far away to help -- ten and more kilometres across the lake ; had will and harry made a break for it , they would have left themselves horribly exposed . 
 better to make the short trips from cover to cover . 
 they glimpsed the great dam from several kilometres out , between the islands , but resisted the temptation to open the taps and race across open water . 
 will had some difficulty restraining harry whose patience was being stretched . 
 finally , they nestled beside the most northerly island . 
 it was large and heavily wooded and only about two kilometres away from the great wall that rose from the water . 
 as the raptor idled , the boys could plainly see a dock surrounded by a collection of huts and more permanent buildings . 
 against the skyline , the silhouettes of cranes and gantries stood starkly in the afternoon sun . 
 one or two boats moved busily around the foot of the dam . 
 once they got there , they would surely be safe . 
 it was a facility for the workers that maintained and serviced the huge barrier that held back the lake . 
 and will knew that there was a police outpost on the site . 
 the raptor would take little more than five minutes to cross the distance . 
 even if bolt spotted them , once they were underway , it would be too risky for him to follow them . 
 they 'd made it ! 
 he killed the motor one last time and listened for any sound of approaching danger . 
 just the sighing of the breeze in the leaves of the trees . 
 `` check the tank , harry . '' 
 running out of fuel now would be a bit of a blunder after all their exertions . 
 standing beside the outboard , harry glanced down at the gauge . 
 `` we 're fine . '' 
 will pressed the starter . 
 the outboard turned over once . 
 he hit start again and the mercury coughed into life . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 will called over his shoulder as he eased open the throttle and nosed the raptor from the overhanging cover and out from the lee of the island . 
 neither boy saw the abrupt arrival of bolt and hoover . 
 their boat nosed sleekly round the edge of the island and closed the gap rapidly . 
 will turned just in time to register bolt 's triumphant grin as he deliberately steered into the raptor , hitting it on the port bow . 
 it was not a tremendously heavy blow -- some scraped paint ; maybe a small dent -- but it was enough to spin the raptor on its axis . 
 will staggered and went down on one knee . 
 harry , completely unprepared for the jolt , was pitched over the side into the water , his startled yell alerting his brother . 
 `` get away , harry ! 
 it 's bolt ! '' 
 shielded from the general manager 's sight by the raptor 's hull , harry upended and swam down into the murky water . 
 will 's last sight of his brother was his kicking basketball boots . 
 a shout from bolt and will spun round . 
 bolt 's rifle was pointing down into the raptor . 
 bolt pulled the trigger . 
 will fell to the boat 's floor , not quite believing what was happening . 
 another shot . 
 and another . 
 a spout of water was kicked up by each of the shots . 
 `` come on , man ! 
 two guns have a better chance of getting him than one . '' 
 bolt had paused to admonish hoover and will realised that he had been shooting just over the raptor into the lake where he estimated harry to be . 
 he stopped worrying about the holes that bolt 's bullets would make in his body ; but began to be very frightened for his brother . 
 his shouts for the men to stop were ignored as bolt emptied another magazine into the lake . 
 hoover was less enthusiastic , it seemed , firing wide and long . 
 a sudden silence fell across the water . 
 bolt peered at the surface , scrutinising every ripple . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 he muttered . 
 hoover shook his head . 
 both men automatically reloaded as they scanned the water . 
 `` how far you think he could swim ? '' 
 hoover pointed . 
 `` out there ? 
 forty , fifty metres ? 
 not much more . '' 
 they stood staring expectantly . 
 twice bolt consulted his watch . 
 will crouched in the raptor , stealing a look for his brother between watching where bolt 's rifle pointed . 
 at last bolt seemed satisfied . 
 he spat into the lake . 
 `` a shame . 
 i would have preferred to see the body or at least some blood in the water . '' 
 he turned his attention to will , lazily covering him with his rifle . 
 `` you took your time , boy . '' 
 he had a smirk on his face as he glanced at hoover . 
 `` told you : clever lads . 
 knew we 'd catch them on the open lake . '' 
 he turned back to will . 
 `` sneaked up among the islands , eh ? 
 we had plenty of time to get here . 
 this is the logical place for you to come -- the last island . 
 do n't be disappointed , boy . 
 you did well . 
 but i am a hunter ; a good hunter . 
 and a good hunter reads his prey . '' 
 will spoke for the first time : `` you ca n't do anything . 
 we 're not in the jungle anymore . 
 look -- there are people over there . '' 
 there was a touch of desperation in will 's voice . 
 deep down , he knew that busy men two kilometres away would not see them . 
 at best , they 'd see two boats -- tiny dots -- on the horizon and give them not a second thought . 
 `` if you think i would let you go now , you 're not as clever as i thought you were , '' bolt said , his face darkening . 
 `` your demise will take place a little nearer civilisation than i had planned , but make no mistake : we are still in the jungle . 
 after you are '' -- he chose the phrase carefully -- `` disposed of , we will tow your boat a little way further out and put a hole in it . 
 `` but you 're right : no need to draw undue attention to ourselves . '' 
 he spoke again to hoover . 
 `` shove their boat round the corner , away from prying eyes . '' 
 as hoover revved the engine of the larger boat , will could do nothing but wait . 
 bolt was taking no chances : he kept his gun trained on the boy . 
 carefully , hoover began to push the raptor through the water , side on . 
 will realised that he was manoeuvring both craft around the shore of the island . 
 twenty metres or so and they would both be out of sight of the dam . 
 any hope of outside intervention would be lost . 
 briefly , he considered diving beneath the raptor 's superstructure and opening the throttle all the way . 
 it would be a slim chance at best . 
 bolt seemed to read his mind . 
 `` kill the motor , boy , '' he said . 
 and , when will did not move : `` now , or i put a slug in your leg . '' 
 he took aim . 
 will cut the motor . 
 his mouth was dry with fear . 
 but he would not go without a final effort . 
 he appealed to hoover . 
 `` you want to be a murderer ? 
 you can stop this . 
 you know it 's wrong . '' 
 hoover remained impassive . 
 `` it 's nothin ' personal , lad . 
 we got business interests to protect . '' 
 but he could not bring himself to look at will directly . 
 `` how do you expect to get away with it ? '' 
 will asked , in desperation . 
 as bolt answered , he chambered a round and lifted the stock of his rifle to his shoulder . 
 `` imagine the task of trying to find two bodies in a lake which covers one and a half thousand square kilometres . 
 a lake which is , in places , over a hundred metres deep . 
 difficult . 
 and what if you do n't even know the bodies are there ? '' 
 will watched as his view of the dam disappeared round the edge of the island . 
 `` a little bit further , '' muttered bolt . 
 hoover complied . 
 the shore of the island rose steeply from the water here about ten metres from the boats . 
 it would be easily swimmable for will , but there was nowhere for him to scramble out of the lake even if he got to land without being shot . 
 his major regret was that his father would never know what had happened . 
 `` like mr hoover said , it 's nothing personal , '' said bolt . 
 he closed his left eye as he sighted down the scope on his rifle , tilting his head to the right . 
 will closed his eyes . 
 the crash , when it came , was not what the boy was expecting . 
 *** if will had not shouted his warning to harry when the younger boy had been tossed into the lake , harry would have been standing next to his brother in the raptor as the bolt took aim . 
 having fallen in , he would have dragged himself back over the side of the boat under bolt 's gaze . 
 any attempt at flight then would have been futile . 
 in the event , he realised that he was temporarily invisible . 
 he knew that the general manager would take no more chances this close to safety ; that he would shoot first and deal with the consequences later . 
 this was confirmed when the first bullets fizzed past his head as he sought the safety of deep water . 
 their supersonic velocity was lessened as they entered the lake , though they would still have taken a chunk out of him had he not been lucky . 
 but luck played only a part in harry 's escape . 
 he was smart enough to recognise the pointlessness of swimming out into the lake . 
 eventually , he would have to come up for air . 
 then , he would be target practice for bolt and hoover . 
 it was instinct that led him to twist around and swim beneath the hull of the raptor , and he quickly grasped the sense of striking out for the shore . 
 the hill top that had become the island when the lake was formed , must have been a steep one : the water was deep until very close to the land . 
 there , the tangled roots of mangroves formed a cage above and below the lake surface . 
 he wriggled between two stout roots , still underwater , his lungs starting to protest . 
 cautiously , he eased his head from the water , managing to breathe quietly . 
 he peered between the roots , which were like the bars of some organic prison . 
 in the shade , he knew he could not be seen from the two boats which floated a few metres away . 
 the crack of shots reached his ears ; he could see bolt and hoover , their backs bent to the butts of their rifle stocks , as they fired . 
 he shuddered . 
 quietly , he hauled himself up through the root system , while the men were distracted . 
 he slipped into the undergrowth and watched with some dread what was happening . 
 he saw the two men looking for his bullet-riddled body ; watched as bolt spat ; he strained to hear what was being said , but was too far from the boats . 
 panic gripped him . 
 the last thing he wanted to see was his brother 's murder . 
 but it looked like he was getting a front seat . 
 the thought that bolt seemed to think he was already dead was scant consolation . 
 hoover brought his boat round and began to push the raptor through the water . 
 to begin with , harry did not understand why . 
 he thought bolt would just put a bullet in will there and then . 
 impotently , he followed the progress of the two boats , scrabbling over and under the lush forest which covered the island . 
 still , he could not hear what passed between bolt and will . 
 as he moved , the ground began to slope upwards . 
 he climbed and found himself a little ahead of the boats at the top of an escarpment . 
 he left the mangroves , which preferred the water , behind . 
 the top of the small bluff on which he found himself was home to a stand of brazil nut trees , not that harry would have known even if he were not frantic with worry for his brother 's predicament . 
 what he did notice was the band of honey coloured gills around the base of one of the great trees . 
 watching the slow progress of the two boats , the inkling of a plan sprang into his mind . 
 he crawled close to the tree and broke a piece of the fungus which had infected it away from the trunk . 
 the wood beneath it was dry and flaky , just like that of the tree that will had pushed over to win his bet at the apetina . 
 honey fungus . 
 he poked at the wood . 
 the tree was riddled -- rotten to its core . 
 the brazil was a whole lot bigger than the one will had shoved into the ezel . 
 its narrow bare trunk stretched up into the sky where , maybe thirty metres up , its leafy branches sprouted like a giant green balloon on a string . 
 up there would be the nuts for which the trees are so prized . 
 but harry was not interested in the fruit . 
 he thought briefly that his plan may be nuts , but he had no alternative ideas . 
 without thinking further , he selected a second tree , which stood three feet away from the rotten specimen . 
 he positioned his body between the two trunks and began to wriggle his way upwards , keeping an eye on the scene on the lake . 
 it all depended on just how far the rot had eaten away at the tree 's core-wood ; that and how far he could climb . 
 he watched with mounting horror as bolt aimed his rifle at will . 
 there was not enough time : the boats had to be closer for his plan to have any chance of success . 
 he suddenly realised that if he misjudged the distances , bolt would be alerted to the fact that he was still alive . 
 that gave him pause . 
 could he dare risk it ? 
 he put the thought from his mind . 
 it was now or never if he did n't want to be an only child . 
 he was ten metres up and the boats were almost level with him , about ten metres off-shore . 
 he braced himself between the two trunks , shoulders on the healthy tree , feet against the trunk of the rotten one . 
 he heaved , straining to crack the fibres that were still holding the brazil upright . 
 for thirty seconds there was no give at all . 
 was he wasting his time ? 
 had the parasite not had time to eat its way right through the wood ? 
 he strained , once more , using all his might . 
 just as his strength began to ebb from his taut limbs , he felt a slight movement . 
 he bunched his muscles for one last effort . 
 there was no sound as the trunk sheared off near its base : the rotten wood was too pulpy for it to part with a crack . 
 instead , the tree silently healed over , toppling over the water . 
 as harry fell , his support gone , he thought he had misjudged his timing . 
 the great tree trunk was going to hit the raptor . 
 will would not see it coming . 
 he would be crushed . 
 the loamy ground cushioned the boy 's fall and he rolled quickly and with some trepidation to see the outcome of his action . 
 as though in slow motion , the great brazil arced through the air . 
 as it did so , hoover gunned his motor to shove the raptor further along . 
 the result was a direct hit on bolt and hoover 's boat . 
 the narrow trunk missed both men but smashed down with an enormous crash , pulverising the boat 's stern . 
 neither bolt nor hoover had seen a thing . 
 both were taken completely unawares . 
 with cries of alarm , they were both catapulted into the lake like dolls . 
 harry watched as will , shocked by what for him had been a narrow escape , shied away from the crunch and splash caused by the falling tree . 
 the impact pushed the raptor away from the wreckage , towards the escarpment . 
 will looked around wild-eyed to try to make sense of what had just happened . 
 he was astonished to see his younger brother , resurrected from the depths of the lake , now standing on the bluff , waving . 
 `` you all right , will ? '' 
 harry called . 
 the practical side of will 's mind took over . 
 this was their chance . 
 `` get in the boat , '' he yelled . 
 harry did not need a second invitation . 
 he took a running leap from the rock and , arms flailing , plunged into the water . 
 when he reached the raptor , his brother was only too happy to haul him on board . 
 the reaction to his close shave with death left will cold and shaking , but he had the good grace to thank his brother . 
 `` whatever you did , '' he said , `` it was tree-medous . '' 
 he hit the starter and , with no thought for the two men struggling to get to shore , he turned the raptor for the safety of the brokopondo dam . 
 chapter twenty-six having eaten infrequently over the last couple of days , the boys took full advantage of the stuyvesant 's kitchens . 
 the chef did n't let them down . 
 they tucked into pan-fried plantain with ginger and sugar , cold meats and warm rolls , spiced with mustard sambal , and mountains of fresh fruit . 
 it was 9 o’clock in the morning and the sun shone warmly on the hotel 's terrace restaurant . 
 three greenes and mac were finishing a long breakfast , seated beside the pool . 
 alan greene 's left leg was encased in plaster from the thigh to the ankle and supported by a frame that projected from his wheel chair which had been pushed up to the table . 
 other than that , he looked remarkably fit and relaxed . 
 he had spent 48 hours in paramaribo university hospital undergoing tests after having had the fracture set . 
 if he had worried about his sons in the jungle , he had not shown it . 
 they were sensible , capable lads . 
 when they had finally reached the brokopondo dam the previous afternoon , the boys ' first concern had been for the children that bolt and his little gang were working in the jungle . 
 when details had been passed to paramaribo , lucas perk , the police inspector , had taken charge . 
 within the hour , he had flown in from parbo in the police helicopter , an aw101 -- a reassuringly robust aircraft -- with a team of officers . 
 bruce mcintyre touched down shortly afterwards with mary-lou harper at the controls of the sikorsky . 
 at will 's insistence , both machines headed out across the jungle to free the children at the gold mine , while a boat was dispatched to deal with bolt and hoover . 
 will had been astonished at how quickly they had covered the ground that had taken him and harry a day and half to travel . 
 just two hours later , the two helos lifted off from the clearing in the forest . 
 there were eleven brazilian children on board , together with the three guards , cuffed and under the supervision of two of policemen . 
 they were also in charge of a number of cases of `` tin '' soldiers . 
 the look on constança 's face -- on all the children 's faces -- had been extraordinary as will had stepped from the sikorsky and walked into the camp through the clouds of dust thrown up by the choppers ' dramatic arrival . 
 there had been no resistance from the guards , such was their surprise . 
 before they parted at zorg en hoop airstrip when they had flown into paramaribo , constança had reached up to place a second kiss on will 's cheek . 
 `` sank you , weel , '' she had said simply , before boarding a specially chartered flight to rio . 
 at will 's insistence , alan greene had made arrangements for each of the children to be suitably compensated for their ordeal and their time in the jungle . 
 while they sat finishing their meal , lucas perk , emerged from the hotel and approached the table . 
 he removed his peaked cap and greeted the diners . 
 alan greene immediately asked him to join them . 
 he sat and accepted a cup of coffee , before beginning to apologise effusively for the trouble that the greenes had been put to . 
 alan greene brushed the apology aside . 
 they had known , he said , that the jungle held various dangers -lrb- not necessarily those they 'd encountered -rrb- and that had they wanted a quiet life , they would have remained in england . 
 the policeman nodded his acceptance of greene 's attitude . 
 he went on to tell them that bolt and hoover were to be charged with attempted murder . 
 there were other charges of kidnapping and enslavement , not to mention various counts of fraud and deception , which the authorities were still considering . 
 a dormant case had been reopened when the circumstances surrounding bolt 's activities had come to light . 
 it was a case concerning a certain eminent british professor who had been gunned down while on expedition in the jungle about a year ago . 
 there was good evidence to suggest that bolt may have had something to do with that . 
 as for the good reverend -- inspector perk rolled his eyes , here -- officers had been despatched up river to seek him , dead or alive . 
 perk told them of the real identity of the reverend . 
 a call to the fbi with harry and will 's description suggested that the reverend dwayne dillinger , aka mike wilkinson , was well-known to the american authorities and that they would very much like to get reacquainted with him ; there was the matter of the death of a texan correctional officer , amongst other things . 
 alan greene had weighed harry 's evidence , his suspicions and warnings of the bearded man . 
 he had listened harry 's account of mw 's parting taunt . 
 all things considered , he thought the chances of the man ever troubling them again were remote ; he certainly did n't want to instil paranoia in his sons . 
 secretly , greene hardly expected mw to emerge from the jungle ; and even if he did , the us authorities would be holding him for many years to come . 
 they 'd never see the man again . 
 when the inspector had gone , alan greene congratulated his sons again on the way in which they had completed their task . 
 mac chipped in with words of praise . 
 both will and harry felt proud of what they had accomplished . 
 both had the same thought on their minds : what next ? 
 at the same time , they were aware that plans would have to go on hold , probably for the rest of the summer . 
 that thought left them a little deflated after the excitement of the last few days . 
 *** at midday , they bid farewell to mary-lou , who had kindly flown them to zanderij international , and trooped across the apron towards the boeing . 
 the engines were already idling , adding to the heat haze which shimmered off the tarmac . 
 three hundred metres away stood a mcdonnell douglas 82 , decked out in the yellow , orange and red livery of suriname airways . 
 it strained against its brakes as the twin engines developed the power to launch it down the runway . 
 it was destined for trinidad and tobago . 
 from his window seat , a stocky , bald man with a heavy moustache , regarded the two boys , and the man pushing a wheel chair , as they approached their aircraft . 
 mw smiled grimly to himself . 
 it had taken him all of fourteen hours to get out of suriname . 
 he had really thought he 'd had it when bolt had followed him into the jungle . 
 he had been shaking badly when he 'd resorted to the walther and he 'd loosed off a whole magazine . 
 fortunately , it seemed that bolt and his sidekick had no stomach for a fair fight . 
 cautiously , mw had followed them back to the river and watched as they took pot shots at the greene brothers . 
 he 'd witnessed bolt 's rage and sat impatiently as bolt worked on the motor . 
 when bolt and hoover finally set off down river , mw had set himself on the spur of land that stuck out into the ezel , hoping that someone -- anyone -- would come by . 
 he knew that the great mineral barges used the river and banked on getting picked up . 
 waving a shirt and shouting are crude signalling techniques , however , they worked for mw . 
 after only an hour or so , one of the great hulks heaved to . 
 a skiff was launched and mw was taken aboard . 
 in style true to form , mw span a yarn about having been abandoned by his expedition leader , about daring escapes from the wilder animals of the forest -- `` my marine training saw me through , y ' hear '' -- and his astonishing march across countless kilometres of hostile country . 
 he was looked after , fed and regarded with awe . 
 delivered to paramaribo , he declined the captain 's offer to inform the authorities of his plight and disappeared into the town . 
 early the next morning , very early , a tall well-built man , with a bald head and a heavy moustache , stepped out of mw 's hotel and hailed a taxi . 
 later , the hotel chambermaid would discover a quantity of hair in the waste basket in mw 's room , shake her head at the never ending variety of behaviour exhibited by foreign tourists , and empty it into her trolley . 
 the authorities had a photograph of mw -- a full head of hair and heavy beard -- at the departure gate of zanderij airport . 
 they did not bat an eyelid when the bald man presented his passport for the scheduled flight to trinidad and tobago . 
 why should they ? 
 his passport declared he was a lawyer from orlando by the name of obadiah calleston . 
 as he settled back in his window seat , mw allowed himself another smile . 
 in his hip pocket nestled the bottle which contained the precious fungus : his future in a small plastic tube . 
 he imagined he would sell it for several tens of millions of dollars . 
 that would make the fee from stone look like chicken feed . 
 nice to have it , though . 
 *** halfway across the atlantic ocean , that evening , while his sons slept off the rigours of the last week , alan greene was concluding the deal he had set out to make . 
 zmi had agreed to the merger , pleased that they would not be bearing the cost of returning the forest to its original state alone . 
 the projected profits -lrb- while lower than those that greenestone would have settled for a couple of years ago -rrb- more than satisfied greene . 
 mining with a conscience , was how he thought of it . 
 and , in the light of the `` hindrances to your visit '' , as they had put it , the surinamese government had offered greene the chance to take over and develop the gold mine that bolt had stumbled upon . 
 the only stipulation was that he apply the same green criteria to that operation as he was bringing to the apetina mine . 
 `` greene criteria , minister , '' he had said with a smile in his voice over the phone to paramaribo 's interior ministry . 
 aluminium and gold . 
 a good week 's work . 
 and any damage done to the rainforest would be repaired when the mining was done . 
 *** though it was shaping up to be a hot summer in england , compared to the equatorial heat of paramaribo , bristol was cool . 
 the day after they arrived back from suriname , the greene 's had a duty to perform . 
 one thing they had tried to do in the surinamese jungle , had eluded them . 
 thanks to the man they now knew as michael wilkinson , they were on their way to the university of bristol to see professor ramsundar , empty handed . 
 harry had found and then lost the fungus that he had asked them to locate . 
 they were highly conscious of the disappointment that awaited the professor . 
 it was almost crueller to tell him that they had found a sample , gathered it and then lost it , than to tell him they had not come across it at all . 
 the professor received them in his office , an air of expectation which he was unable to conceal , on his face . 
 greene senior , realising that this was the sort of news that should be delivered without misplaced prevarication , came straight out with it . 
 `` professor . 
 look , i 'm sorry , but we failed you . '' 
 ramsundar 's face hardly moved , but it was clear he had pinned serious hopes on the greenes ' expedition . 
 when , after all , would he have the chance to ask anyone else ? 
 someone who might just be going to suriname ; might just be planning a trip up an uncharted tributary of a little-known river in the least known country in south america ? 
 until he had proof of his theory of the fungus ' properties , no one was going to fund another expedition to the other side of the world on the off chance that they might find another sample . 
 `` no sign ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it was never going to be easy . '' 
 `` no , we found it , '' blurted out harry . 
 `` i got a sample . 
 then i lost it . '' 
 his face fell . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the professor , exclaimed . 
 will spoke . 
 `` professor , the fungus definitely exists ... '' `` i know that , '' snapped ramsundar , a flash of impatience in his eyes . 
 `` ... i mean , we found it . 
 harry found it . 
 he got some , the same as the one in your pictures . 
 but ... '' he trailed off here `` ... we lost it . '' 
 for a moment , the professor looked as though he might explode . 
 he gripped the armrests of his wheel chair , the pressure making his arms tremble . 
 alan greene stepped in -- or , rather , rolled in . 
 he was still in a wheel chair . 
 now he wheeled himself right up to the professor 's desk . 
 `` professor , there 's nothing that can be done now . 
 harry located a small sample of the fungus and collected it . 
 unknown to anyone , there was some madman in the jungle who , for some reason , decided to mug -- for want of a better word -- my sons . 
 he stole , not only the sample , but their boat . 
 a sort of high-waterway robbery . 
 crime 's on the up , you know . '' 
 the professor seemed to calm down . 
 `` i am sorry . 
 you did your best . '' 
 he made an effort to compose himself , taking a deep breath and unnecessarily shuffling a sheaf of papers on his desk . 
 he asked harry to recount in as much detail as possible the circumstances of the find . 
 harry gave the professor all the information he could recall . 
 and then , the disappointed professor turned once more to alan greene . 
 `` one day , mr greene , i will be able to start work on the fungus . 
 that day is not yet here . 
 gentlemen -- all three -- i must bid you farewell . 
 i 'm sure you are busy and i have much to do . '' 
 with that , the professor reached for his keyboard . 
 the greenes exchanged glances and turned to leave the room . 
 suddenly , ramsundar barked a command : `` stop ! '' 
 greene and the two boys stopped , turned and peered at the professor with some curiosity . 
 he was leaning forward in his chair and appeared to be sniffing the air . 
 his eyes glinted with excitement . 
 `` what , '' he asked , `` is that smell ? '' 
 no one answered . 
 they stood -lrb- or sat -rrb- in confusion . 
 `` there . '' 
 the professor 's head bobbed as he breathed deeply through his nose , like an excited labrador . 
 he inhaled once more . 
 `` sharp , pungent , bleach ... '' he seemed to be ticking off a checklist . 
 `` harry 's feet , '' muttered will . 
 `` what ? '' 
 will had made the flippant comment quietly , not to be overheard by the professor . 
 he reddened slightly , but answered . 
 `` my brother 's feet can be a bit stinky ... i 'm sorry . 
 it was a joke . '' 
 `` indeed . '' 
 ramsundar leaned forward as far as he was able and peered at harry 's feet . 
 `` young man , '' he said , `` take off your shoes . '' 
 confusion sprang to harry 's face . 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 `` your shoes -- take them off , '' the professor demanded . 
 he bumped his desk in his haste to wheel himself out from behind it . 
 `` come on , come on ! '' 
 alan greene merely shrugged and nodded in answer to his younger son 's puzzled look . 
 still hesitant , harry squatted and unlaced his basketball boots . 
 sadly , they were looking rather the worse for wear . 
 despite their still garish colours , the tropical heat and the water from the ezel had done them no good . 
 eagerly , the professor reached for the first one to come off and , to his guests ' surprise , brought it up to his nose and sniffed it as he might a fine wine . 
 a joyful smile spread across his face . 
 he took the second boot and repeated the ritual : the smile grew wider . 
 `` mission accomplished , '' he said slowly , without taking the footwear away from his face . 
 `` i am more grateful than i can tell you . '' 
 ramsundar abruptly realised that what he was doing might seem a little odd to onlookers -lrb- the bemusement of the greenes was plain -rrb- . 
 `` young man , '' he said , addressing harry . 
 `` you say you lost the sample of my precious fungus . 
 you say you were mugged for it . 
 but you have , without knowing it , delivered exactly what i wanted . '' 
 he held a shoe in front of him as if were a sacred object . 
 this did nothing to dispel the puzzlement of alan greene and his sons . 
 `` miraculum percuro ramsundar may have been difficult to find , difficult to hold on to , but it has held on to you . 
 you must have trodden in an area fertile with spores . 
 they impregnated the canvass of your boots -- and thrived in the warm , dark , moist environment . 
 funguses are talented survivors ; they will thrive almost anywhere . 
 gentlemen , '' he concluded , dramatically , `` these shoes contain enough fungus for me to cultivate all the per ram i need . 
 within a week , i will begin work in earnest . '' 
 `` you 're telling us that some living organism , other than my brother , has survived in his shoes ? '' 
 will asked . 
 `` precisely . 
 precisely , '' said the happy professor . 
 `` they 're not that bad , '' harry complained . 
 but the looks on his brother and father 's faces said otherwise . 
 `` so , '' greene began , tentatively , `` the particular environment that exists in my son 's shoes -- sweat , bacteria , flakes of dead skin -- encouraged your fungus to take root and he brought it back without knowing it . '' 
 `` that is it in a nutshell -- or in a basketball boot . '' 
 the professor steepled his fingers -lrb- careful not to let the boots slip from his lap -rrb- and launched into a scientific explanation : `` you see , there are all the ingredients needed to propagate this particular species -- warmth , moisture , a good dose of ammonia ... '' *** in the car on the way home , harry was able , for the first time , to be less than defensive about his feet . 
 in fact , he felt he ought to get some credit for the portable propagators he seemed to be carrying around on the ends of his legs . 
 `` it was a sort of back-up , really , '' he claimed . 
 `` just in case of loss , you know ? '' 
 `` i 've never heard of boot biology , '' will commented . 
 `` there are advantages to having feet with active metabolism . '' 
 harry maintained . 
 `` the professor said so . '' 
 as the boys bickered good-naturedly in the back , mac drove smoothly back to clifton , while greene senior sat in the passenger seat , leg thrust out before him , with a very satisfied smile on his face . 
 he had allowed his boys -- no : his new business partners -- to go it alone and the results had been seriously impressive . 
 he had added a bauxite mine and a gold mine to his business interests ; and now , the professor 's predictions suggested that the potential of the fungus would provide at least one of his pharmaceutical companies with material to work with for years to come . 
 the financial projections were huge . 
 but , he reminded himself , the benefits that this work would give to countless individual human beings , would be priceless . 
 chapter twenty-seven jonas stone sat in his office , brooding . 
 he did a lot of brooding of late . 
 surrounding him were many of the trappings of his great wealth . 
 an observer would stare , open-mouthed , around the man 's work room . 
 the computer screens -lrb- three of them -rrb- were too large for the desk at which he sat , and stood ranged in front and to the sides on stands ; the strange but hypnotic emanual , sat ready in place of a conventional mouse . 
 there were a number of suspiciously recognisable works of art -- was that a picasso ? 
 -- hanging from the walls , protected by reinforced plexiglas . 
 fifty storeys below the office , in a compound which was protected night and day by at least two security personnel , stood the bugatti veyron pur sang which stone had driven in from his kensington home that morning . 
 this thoroughbred special edition of the world 's greatest hyper car was one of only five ever produced . 
 and beneath the edwardian mansion where stone lived , work had recently been completed on the excavation of a three storey vault . 
 stone had originally wanted to sink a shaft five storeys into the earth below london . 
 he 'd settled -lrb- for the time being -rrb- on permission to go down just twelve metres . 
 he needed to make room for his growing car collection which had to be displayed in an air-conditioned environment ; for his tennis court , which required a double height ceiling ; and for the leisure centre which had to make do with an olympic-sized swimming pool and a cinema with room to seat only forty guests . 
 and yet , despite all this , stone brooded . 
 with such deep pockets , jonas stone was used to getting exactly what he wanted . 
 when he wanted it . 
 that his instructions to mw had failed to produce the desired results irked him tremendously . 
 his ex-partner had come back from south america not only with the prize he had set out for , but also another lucrative mining concern . 
 and , added to that , a discovery from which medicines would be produced which would sell for ... well , stone knew the value of new pharmaceutical products . 
 stone had convinced himself that alan greene could not operate without him ; had sat back and waited for greene to fail . 
 he had even taken out a small insurance policy to ensure greene 's failure . 
 and it should have worked . 
 who in their right mind would leave their teenage sons in the jungle ? 
 who would expect a couple of english schoolboys to succeed in such spectacular style ? 
 business was not for them , surely . 
 it was for hard-nosed professionals , men who could make clear judgements and incisive decisions . 
 men like stone . 
 stone was beginning to perceive the activities of the greenes as a personal slight . 
 they were beginning to make him look bad . 
 he worried that people in business would laugh at him for refusing greene 's offer to join him on his environmental crusade . 
 greene could not be allowed to succeed . 
 the one thing jonas stone hated more than anything else was to be laughed at . 
 he looked again at the report from the times on one of the flat screens in front of him . 
 it was effusive about greene 's step into ethical business and it even mentioned his sons . 
 greene gauges success one of the county 's most successful businessmen , alan greene , has announced he has set up an ethically-driven enterprise which , he claims , will become the template for the way business is done in the future . 
 in a statement released yesterday , greene , detailed the success of the venture 's first outing in south america . 
 together with his sons -- both teenagers -- whom greene considers partners in the project , he has agreed a deal with the dutch mining concern , zmi , to extract bauxite from the surinamese rainforest in a more environmentally friendly manner . 
 `` this way of mining and returning the forest to its natural state , preserves one of the planet 's most vital ecosystems , '' greene said . 
 `` we know that there are resources across the globe which are being lost forever as industry scrambles for ever more profit without any thought for the future . '' 
 greene 's words were underscored by the discovery on the trip of a new kind of fungus which , it is believed , contains properties which may be significant in the development of a new neurological superdrug which offers hope for victims of paralysis . 
 scientists in bristol are working on it . 
 stone 's jealousy of greene had him in its grip . 
 somehow , he would regain the upper hand . 
 he brought a fist down on the edge of his desk and silently swore . 
 he reached over to the emanual and , with a few deft movements , opened one of his email accounts and began composing a missive to mw , wherever he might be . 
 he would almost certainly need the man 's help in future , if he were to bring the greenes down . 
 the greenes . 
 all three of them were now in his sights . 
 *** it was friday . 
 alan greene sat with harry and will in bright sunshine on the roof terrace of prospect house . 
 mrs emery , the housekeeper , had provided a light lunch for them and , as they ate , greene senior was looking to the future . 
 `` there has to be a real alternative or , more likely , several alternatives , to fossil fuels . 
 you know what they are ? '' 
 harry answered for both brothers : `` yeah , sure : oil , gas , coal . '' 
 `` just checking , '' greene grinned . 
 `` things like solar power , wind power , wave power . 
 all those things which are renewable . 
 what do you know of them ? '' 
 `` we saw the dam at brokopondo , '' will observed . 
 `` that was producing electricity . '' 
 `` hydro power , '' harry added . 
 `` hydro-electric power , '' greene concluded . 
 `` it had been my intention to have a good look at the operation at brokopondo . 
 we were going to check it out after looking at the apetina mine but , '' he tapped the plaster cast on his left leg , `` things got on top of me . 
 `` i 'm interested in any form of renewable energy now . 
 the fossil fuels have been an extraordinary source of power . 
 they helped create the modern world . 
 without them , we would n't have cars or planes , or factories with the necessary power to build them . 
 and that ... '' he pointed at the sleek beautiful bridge that carried a narrow roadway across the avon gorge `` ... that would n't have been built . 
 `` fossil fuels gave engineers like brunel the energy they needed to drive their ideas forwards . 
 but they have two fundamental flaws . '' 
 `` they 're going to run out , '' offered harry . 
 `` and they release carbon dioxide , the greenhouse gas , '' added will . 
 `` one of the greenhouse gases , '' greene agreed . 
 `` a lot of work has been going on over the last few years on different methods of producing energy in a clean , sustainable way . 
 i suggest the greenes have a look at what progress is being made . 
 different locations offer different solutions . 
 and there 's always going to be a demand for power . 
 `` you 'll remember the wind turbines in the hills south of granada and the fields of solar panels in california . 
 and just here , in the river severn , they are thinking of building a wave machine , to harness the rise and fall of the tidal estuary . '' 
 greene 's sons nodded . 
 two years earlier they had trekked through the high alpujarras in southern spain and been hypnotically drawn to the great sleek white machines whose slender blades turned slowly in the wind . 
 they had put will in mind of one footed aliens ; they had an other-worldliness . 
 several times they had visited the golden state , california , and the sight of thousands of silver panels in straight rows , gathering the sun 's rays , was a familiar one . 
 both the wind-turbines and the fields of photovotaic cells were common now in england . 
 `` is anything happening with the severn project ? '' 
 will asked . 
 `` that 's one of the things we could find out , '' greene said . 
 `` but i would expect a round trip with several stopovers in order to examine the most advanced methods of generating power . 
 there is a feeling that , despite the advances being made , nothing comparable to the traditional fuel sources has yet to make the grade . '' 
 will and harry sat up . 
 they were very keen to continue the venture their father had offered them . 
 `` how long for the leg ? '' 
 asked harry . 
 alan greene failed to follow harry 's train of thought and looked at him quizzically . 
 `` i mean , '' harry clarified , `` when do we start ? '' 
 `` the sooner the better , '' greene said . 
 `` harry was asking about your leg , '' will explained . 
 `` how long until it is fixed ? '' 
 `` oh , that 'll be a couple of months , easily , '' greene said casually . 
 `` big bone , the femur . '' 
 he registered the looks of disappointment on his sons ' faces and , at last , grasped the misunderstanding . 
 `` oh , i see . 
 you think you 've got to wait until i 'm fit . 
 is that it ? '' 
 again there were puzzled looks on the boys ' faces . 
 though he had congratulated his sons on the successful outcome of the mission to suriname , alan greene wanted to reward them . 
 on the table between them sat greene 's laptop . 
 `` i want to show you something , '' he said . 
 `` gather round . '' 
 he clicked on an icon and the machine picked up the wireless internet connection , opening greene 's home page . 
 `` i 've had some people working on this , '' he commented . 
 `` i think you 'll like it . '' 
 the web page showed a picture of a cluster of what looked like green plums . 
 `` they 're greengages , '' their father informed the boys . 
 beneath the picture , the web page intro began . 
 letters appeared one by one and spelled out a single word : g-r-e-e-n-e-g-a-u-g-e content buttons appeared across the top : home ; our aims ; who we are ; contact . 
 `` i was trying to think of a suitable name for the business and nothing beat the title of the video we saw before we went to suriname , '' greene explained . 
 `` you see , the greengage is a fruit -- a beautiful natural thing . 
 and with the slight change in the spelling -- an extra e and the u in gauge -- the word takes on extra meaning . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` greene , as in our name ; gauge , as in a tool for measuring ... '' `` yeah , we get it , dad ! '' 
 will laughed , raising his eyebrows at the unnecessary explanation . 
 harry smiled too but with less confidence . 
 `` we 're the greenes , '' will went on , an ironic tone in his voice . 
 `` we 're gauging what 's going on in the world . '' 
 `` yes , '' greene senior responded with enthusiasm . 
 `` and we hope to be a yardstick against which other businesses can measure their performance . '' 
 he clicked on the tab which read `` our aims '' . 
 the home page dissolved , to be replaced with a couple of paragraphs superimposed over a photograph of the rainforest . 
 will recognised the shot : he had taken it during their journey down the ezel . 
 he leaned towards the screen . 
 we are committed to business practices which do not jeopardise the wellbeing of planet earth . 
 we set our own standards which are far in excess of those required by the laws set down by governments around the world . 
 it is our aim to pursue business in a manner which is ethical in all respects . 
 we believe it is possible for profit and planet to coexist . 
 alan greene gave the boys time read the new company 's stated aims before clicking on the who we are tab . 
 three pictures appeared on screen , one of greene , one of will and one of harry . 
 underneath each shot was the appropriate name followed by the word , director . 
 `` as far as i 'm concerned , '' alan greene said , `` you are my business partners . 
 you proved yourselves in the surinamese jungle . 
 there 's no reason why you should n't go it alone . 
 boys -- i trust you to find out what we need to know about alternative energy sources . 
 report your findings to me and we 'll see where greenegauge should best invest . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 both boys spoke together . 
 `` really , '' said their father . 
 will and harry stared at the screen . 
 it took a few seconds for them to realise the full meaning of what they were looking at . 
 their father had made them equal partners in his new business . 
 they knew he had referred to them as business partners , but this made it official . 
 they had an influence in what the new enterprise did , what it chose to invest in . 
 they each had a great deal of control over the way business would be conducted in the future . 
 each of them realised the level of responsibility and each was profoundly grateful to his father . 
 they would do their best not to let anyone down . 
 the earth 's future might just depend on them . 
 the end dedication . 
 for snippet tweed . 
 the sequel to greenegauge is due out at the end of 2015 . 
 other titles available from jago piran include : the devil 's own time , a dark tale of unimaginable evil . 
 what would you do if you uncovered a plot like this one ? 
 for a ya readership . 
 shoot the moon . 
 a ya novel telling the story of the first terrorist attacks on the near-space infrastructure of mankind 's attempt to solve the world 's energy crisis . 
 humanity 's fate falls into the hands of a schoolboy newly relocated to lunar city . 
 please feel free to contact the author at jago.piran@yahoo.co.uk with any comments or observations . 
 reviews for jago piran 's work : `` he writes slick , eminently readable prose . '' 
 martin taylor , london weekly . 
 `` more thought provoking ideas from the master of yarns . '' 
 ethan yardley , the spectacular magazine . 
 `` characters who will live long in the minds of readers . 
 plot twists galore . 
 enjoy . '' 
 hartley james , the bogota literary review . 
