 the seventh age of man part 1 : regeneration by kevin gordon copyright 2011 by kevin gordon smashwords edition chapter 1 on every radio , television screen , cellphone and portable media player , on a crisp , cool day in late december , a countdown could be heard . 
 `` ten ... nine ... eight ... '' across the world , in every language , the non-descript male voice proceeded evenly , instantly drawing the attention of all who listened . 
 `` seven ... six ... five ... '' the governments of the world scrambled , dove at their defense systems , scanning the skies for missiles , bombs , planes -- anything to explain the sudden calamity they all now faced . 
 `` four ... three ... two ... '' couples embraced , sharing a deep , a passionate kiss . 
 mothers clutched their children close , as men gripped their knives , guns , pitchforks and shovels , all eyes cast upward in anticipation of doom . 
 `` one . '' 
 across the world , regardless of color , country or faith , the world 's population aged fifty years . 
 all plant life , animal life , and human life , that was not underwater was affected . 
 a third of the world 's human population died instantly , whether from the toll of the years or the stress of the shock . 
 all plant life died out instantaneously , along with ninety-five percent of animal life . 
 the earth shut down in an instant , huddling under the proverbial covers , wondering what would happen next . 
 chapter 2 there was no way brian was sleeping tonight . 
 overhead the springs creaked again and again . 
 starting slowly , they quickly built to the inevitable crescendo of groans and delicious screams . 
 he tried to smother his head and cover his ears , but his mother was a moaner , with a deep , bass growl that penetrated the thickest of pillows . 
 all he could do was wait it out . 
 brian was the oldest of four children born to the patrick family . 
 at fourteen , he was born two years to the day after ` the countdown , ' as it was called . 
 his parents did n't want kids , but when the whole world loses over two-thirds of its population in less than a year , people do what they need to survive . 
 the remaining three governments of the world ordered any and all sexually able citizens to procreate . 
 brian shared his bedroom with his three siblings , and knew more were definitely on the way . 
 `` ca n't they just get it over with ? '' 
 iris , his twelve year old sister , giggled in her bed . 
 `` i think it 's funny ! 
 they fight and fight all day , but as soon as night comes -- bam ! '' 
 her sheets exploded around her , as her wide brown eyes gleamed in the moonlight . 
 she had a face that favored her hispanic mother , with olive skin , long , black hair and rounded cheekbones . 
 `` you should be happy . 
 at least you do n't have to spend all day cleaning out the city . '' 
 brian nodded , as he lay his head back on the pillow . 
 he knew he was one of the lucky ones . 
 every day , he helped at scott air force base , just outside st. louis in illinois , learning systems of one of the recovered space shuttles , assisting in prepping the massive ship for launch . 
 most other kids he knew had to work on moving the dead bodies out of st. louis -- the next city in line for reclamation . 
 he turned to look out the small window in his room , which was slowly being caked over with dust from the dust storm outside . 
 the one thing he loved about working on the shuttle was that he got to stand on the top of the maintenance scaffolding and breathe in the clear air . 
 no dust , no smell of death , just pure air . 
 finally his parents stopped , and brian was able to relax and try to get some sleep . 
 and just as he had dozed off , as his conscious mind finally folded away , iris poked him insistently in his arm . 
 `` what is it ?! '' 
 he snapped , turning away and trying to bury his head in the pillow , but she would have none of it . 
 she poked him again and again in the same spot and she would n't quit , no matter how much he tried to ignore her . 
 so he sat up , let out a long sigh , and resigned himself to facing her . 
 `` whaddya want ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 a part of him wanted to beat her upside the head , but the rest of him was mildly amused . 
 he always was the compassionate one , the listener , the patient boy who used diligence and persistence to solve a problem . 
 and though he was only fourteen , he was effectively the man of the house . 
 while his parents were both sixty-seven , they had the effective mentality of seventeen-year-olds . 
 seventeen-year-olds who had keep it together and raise a family , seventeen-year-olds who had to learn how to walk and talk , have sex , breast-feed , work , and clean . 
 seventeen-year-olds denied the typical idyllic adolescence , who now found themselves in bodies that were withering and fading away . 
 for when the countdown hit they were two years old , and in an instant their bodies were those of fifty-two year olds . 
 they had sucked it up and accepted their share of the responsibility of rebuilding earth , but once they were settled into a daily groove , once the electricity flowed as freely as the water and every home had its equal share of plasma tvs and dvd players , they tried their best to enjoy their mental youth , and were both more than happy to have a son that was the responsible one . 
 `` come on , iris , what is it ? '' 
 she sat on the floor and leaned against the bed , pulling her pajama jacket close , as there was a chill in the air . 
 she always let her long hair cover her eyes to hide her shyness . 
 `` are you gon na make babies with rachel ? '' 
 he lay back on the bed , gazing up at the ceiling . 
 he had blue eyes , like his father , and they more often were opened absently in a dream-like state . 
 `` i dunno . 
 i guess i hafta . '' 
 all children were required to have a child by their fifteenth birthday , or risk having a mate automatically assigned . 
 `` she 's kind of cute . '' 
 he had just finished his sex education class , filled with movie after movie of pornography . 
 it was the one class that was segregated by sex -- males watched hard-core porn , while women watched films about the love a child can give -- the need for family . 
 at first brian did n't like it , but by the end of the term , he , like every other boy , had grown fidgety and frustrated , waiting for release . 
 iris sulked . 
 `` i do n't wan na . '' 
 he suddenly understood what the conversation was really about . 
 he clambered out of bed , and scooted beside her on the dusty floor . 
 `` you 're only twelve -- you 've got three more years yet . 
 why , is someone already interested ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 two boys at school put my name on the list . '' 
 iris was one of the most well-developed children , with a tall , strong frame , ample bosom , and deep brown , seductive eyes . 
 she dressed in the most tomboyish of clothes , but she was given a gift that could n't be hidden or denied . 
 her mother 's curves always could be caught by a boy 's eye , no matter how thick the pair of pants . 
 `` i 'm ... i 'm scared . '' 
 she started to cry , and brian put his arm around her , drawing her close . 
 `` have you ever seen mommy and daddy at night ? 
 have you seen what they do ?! 
 i just do n't want that . '' 
 `` i know , i know . '' 
 he forced her to stand , and walk over to the window . 
 `` but look out there , iris . 
 there is so much of nothing . 
 so much death ! 
 you have to clean it up every day , so you know better than me . '' 
 she moaned softly as she wiped the mucus from her runny nose . 
 `` i ... i do n't wan na leave you , brian . 
 i do n't wan na leave my home ! '' 
 `` you wo n't be far , iris . 
 if you need me , i 'll always be there . 
 all you 'll hafta do is call . '' 
 `` why do we need to do this ? 
 why ca n't we just be left alone ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't think anyone knows . 
 everyone 's just scared -- especially the old people . 
 they do n't know if another countdown 's comin ' that 'll kill ` em all like it did their parents . 
 they all need to make sure that people will survive . '' 
 `` but you 'll figure it out , wo n't you ? '' 
 she asked , wiping the tears from her eyes . 
 `` you 'll go up in that ship , go up to the watchers , and they 'll tell you -- right ? '' 
 i sure hope so . 
 `` yeah , that 's what 'll happen . 
 now come on -- we both have a lot to do tomorrow . '' 
 the plate was literally thrown in front of brian and by some miracle the pancakes did n't fall off the edge . 
 `` look good ? '' 
 `` yeah , dad , '' he nodded in reply , as he dug into the food . 
 joe crossed his arms , looming above him . 
 `` two pancakes , three slices of bacon , two eggs . 
 mmmm . '' 
 joe looked like he could spit , he was so angry . 
 `` just ` cause you got a big brain , you get that damned food . '' 
 `` sorry , dad , '' he replied , with a meek shrug . 
 he always apologized . 
 it was a habit he acquired early on that seemed to save him from the coarser aspects of his parents . 
 but lately , its charm seemed to have worn off . 
 `` sorry ?! 
 what you feel sorry for me ? '' 
 he leaned down close to brian 's head . 
 `` you do n't think i do n't take some of that , just for me ? 
 after all , who raised you ? 
 who fed you ? 
 without me as your dad , you might 've just been another normal sack of shit like your sisters or brother , spendin ' every damned day draggin ' the dead outta their cars . '' 
 joe shoved brian 's head , then sat down in front of the fish-protein cake he had for every breakfast , lunch , and dinner . 
 the fish were the only things left alive after the countdown , the only things that did n't need to be brought back from extinction . 
 for a short while , almost two years , everyone had a smorgasbord of treats from the now dead supermarkets that littered the landscape . 
 but once the homestead was established , once the government organized a militia , all food was put in storage , given only to those deemed important to the survival of the human race . 
 for all others , there was an ample supply of fish , and that became their only sustenance . 
 fish and algae , with jellyfish for something special . 
 everyone brian knew that did n't work in the complex ate the fish protein for their meals and a part of him wished he could eat it with them , just so he would n't feel this terrible guilt and shame . 
 so he shoveled the eggs down right with the bacon and hurriedly slicked up the pancakes , just so it all would be gone and they could n't hate him so much . 
 iris bounded in , with jacob and mary in tow . 
 jacob and mary were twins , but their father kept it well hidden , because twins were thought to possess a gene for larger quantities of children , and while he did n't like brian , he did love jacob and mary , and did n't want anything to happen to them . 
 `` come on , you need to finish all your breakfast . 
 the bus 'll be here any minute ! '' 
 `` yeah dad , '' they all moaned , digging into their fish patties . 
 iris kept glancing sideways at brian , and he could n't figure out why . 
 `` another fine day ! '' 
 yelled his mother , jess , as she stumbled into the kitchen . 
 perpetually drunk , she could afford to be , as all women with four or more children were exempt from work . 
 she spent her days cleaning the house , bitching to her other stay-at-home neighbors , and trading with some of the rogues that trolled the neighborhood , giving up this or that bauble for any and all alcohol she could get . 
 `` so how long 'll you be at work today ? '' 
 `` long enough to get us the food we need , '' retorted joe . 
 `` why do n't you try to stay in today ? 
 we 're startin ' to run outta things for you to give away . '' 
 she slapped him hard , and he slapped her hard back . 
 brian and iris cringed , while jacob and mary chattered and laughed , enjoying their patties . 
 joe wolfed down the last of his patty . 
 `` god , i hate you . '' 
 `` i hate you right back , '' she spat , slamming some pots into the sink . 
 she threw open the door to the fridge , slamming bottles and cans around . 
 iris took one last look at brian , and cleared her throat . 
 `` dad , do i hafta go to school ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` ` course you do , sweetie , '' answered jess , slurring her words . 
 `` how else are you gon na learn ? 
 besides it 's only for an hour . 
 then you get to spend the rest of the day playin ' hide-and-seek with the dead people . '' 
 `` yeah , but , well ... '' joe slammed down his beer with a loud thud . 
 brian never understood how with food so hard to come by , there always seemed to be an ample supply of beer . 
 `` come on sweetness , spit it out . '' 
 iris paused for a moment , before saying ; `` a couple of boys have already put my name up , you know , for ... '' `` children , '' blurted brian , hating to see his sister suffer . 
 `` they got her marked already . '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 asked joe with a sneer . 
 `` she 's only twelve ! '' 
 shouted brian . 
 `` she 's too -- '' joe wound his hand back , behind his head , and slapped brian so hard everyone in the room could hear something snap , as droplets of blood flew onto the plates . 
 `` do you know how old we were when we had you ?! 
 we had an effective mentality of two-years-old , two-years-old ! 
 i can remember it like it was yesterday . 
 i could barely say ` momma , ' when they made me do your mother . 
 you want to talk about bein ' afraid ? 
 when i was cummin ' in your mom , i still did n't even really know what a ` baby ' was . 
 i did n't even know what the world was ! 
 all i did know was that somethin’ real bad happened , and i had to do my duty . 
 and when your ma started cryin ' under me , wailin ' like she was gon na die , all i wanted to do was stop . '' 
 he began to break down , as jess came out from the fridge , to put a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` all i wanted to do was stop ! 
 but they pushed me down , and pulled me up , back and forth , ` till i was done , just because she and i had these adult bodies . 
 and all i know is that everything in here , '' he said , pounding on his chest where his heart would be , `` hurt like i was gon na die myself ! 
 and that look on your ma 's face . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair , all his strength gone . 
 jess threw her arms around him , and cried with him . 
 `` iris , i know it 's hard , but you 've got a lot more of a chance to be ready than i ever had . '' 
 jess wiped the tears off joe 's face tenderly , kissing him on his cheeks . 
 `` now you do n't need to be with a boy that 's mean to you , that 'll beat you , but you need to be with a boy , and the sooner you choose , the sooner you get it over with , the sooner you can get on with the rest of your life . '' 
 iris nodded in silence , afraid to say a word . 
 brian gathered her things along with his , and helped her out the door , as their mother and father slowly resurrected their souls from their dark , private graves . 
 chapter 3 it was the fifteenth year after countdown , and the earth had been fragmented into three groups of humans . 
 some lived in north america , in the area between nevada and missouri . 
 others lived in south america , mostly in the mato grosso state of brazil , while the greatest number of initial survivors was in africa , though disease and plague decimated them quickly , with the survivors migrating to tanzania . 
 the heavily populated areas like the east and west coast of america , most of mexico , europe , india , china , and the middle east up through mother russia , were all quarantined within three years of the countdown . 
 there were just too many rotting humans and animals to waste the precious few survivors to try to clean up . 
 so they focused on securing their central living area , then spreading out , city by city , cleaning the dead out of the cars and homes , the animals from zoos and forests . 
 they sterilized by chemical and fire , and hoped it would be enough . 
 dust was by far the most threatening challenge to the survival of the human race . 
 the first few years after countdown were said to be the worst , with dust storms so intense they blotted out the sun for months on end , dropping the planet 's temperature by almost a full ten degrees . 
 the remaining scientists feared another ice age , and plans were bandied about that involved detonating several dozen nukes in hopes of artificially raising the planet 's temperature , or at least disrupting the dust storms in midair . 
 thankfully cooler heads prevailed , as within three years the sun reappeared on a more consistent basis . 
 it now had been fifteen years since countdown , and a great deal of dust still whipped around the earth . 
 there was nothing to anchor it -- without insects , or earthworms , grass or shrubs , the rain only turned into mud for a short time . 
 but when the sun heated it , and the wind came , it rose again . 
 it clogged the lungs , polluted the water . 
 it fouled machinery , made cellphone communication impossible outside of a 250 mile radius . 
 the second biggest problem was information . 
 most who were over thirty when the countdown hit did n't survive the shock of gaining fifty years in an instant . 
 those that were left had to learn quickly from the survivors , then teach the maturing children . 
 it was now an odd mix of those seventy to eighty working with fifteen-year-olds , giving them the secrets of the world so it might carry on and be brought back from the brink of oblivion . 
 brian was one of those learning the secrets of technology . 
 he was part of what was known as ` year two ' of human births , and all year two children came to be known as the ` prototypes , ' and most prototypes were focused on learning and leadership . 
 it was on they that all the hopes of the new america , the ` homestead , ' were placed . 
 every day he would travel to scott air force base , a massive facility located just outside of st. louis , where he and others like him assisted in trying to prepare a nasa shuttle for launch . 
 it was his greatest dream to leave the earth and fly into space , and if everything worked out , he would be on that small crew to venture into space , to meet the watchers . 
 he took a bus for the long trip from home to the base , and iris rode most of the way with him , which is why they were so close . 
 it was an odd motley of folks ; half the bus with those of his generation , the other half comprised of the geriatric set , who wheezed and groaned through the whole ride . 
 brian and the other kids his age always avoided them as much as possible . 
 he could see the envy written all over their faces . 
 the women leered at him , wishing they could possess his thin , supple body , while the men hated him for his youth , remembering how quickly theirs passed . 
 they passed through the fields of the heartland , now barren and dusty . 
 often they would need to stop when great dust storms rolled across the landscape , stretching hundreds of feet into the sky . 
 everyone that rode on the bus had to carry a filter mask and goggles , as the bus still allowed much of the dust to creep in . 
 the seats sat three wide , and though brian and iris usually tried to make it seem as if all three were occupied , as was sometimes the case , an old man sat down between them , his eyes on iris as if she was a slice of bacon and a sixteen-ounce pepsi rolled into one . 
 he was tall and barrel-chested , with deep chasms through his ancient face . 
 his skin was pale with blotches around his eyes , and he reeked of urine . 
 `` hey there , little girl , what 's your name ? '' 
 `` her name 's iris , '' said brian , folding his arms over his chest . 
 the old man smiled . 
 `` now do n't get your panties in a bunch little man , i 'm not gon na move in on your ... girlfriend ? '' 
 `` yeah , my girlfriend . '' 
 he leaned back , obviously not going anywhere . 
 `` well , it 's a long ride to the next stop , so we probably oughta get along . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 brian , ever the compassionate and forgiving one , relented , merely sighing and nodding . 
 `` good ! 
 so , you two hear any news ? '' 
 there was a broadcasting station resurrected about a year after the countdown , but it was quickly taken over by the homestead . 
 now , it only played taped programs of the old earth , with isolated emergency broadcasts once in a while . 
 `` no , '' said iris . 
 `` how ` bout you ? '' 
 `` well , just look out the window ! '' 
 they turned , and in the distance , through the dust , they could see massive farm machinery moving like metal elephants over the ground . 
 `` what 're they doing ? '' 
 asked iris , excitedly pressing her face against the pane . 
 the old man laughed and coughed , wiping his mouth with a dirty handkerchief . 
 `` damn this dust . 
 they 're planting ! 
 can you believe it ? 
 well , actually they 're layin ' down the mulch . '' 
 `` mulch ? '' 
 he shook his head , amazed at what was n't taught to the new generation . 
 `` mulch is decomposed organic matter , used to help rebuild soil . 
 i used to be a farmer of sorts , before ... this . '' 
 `` where 'd they get the mulch from ? '' 
 asked iris , suddenly interested . 
 `` what about seeds ? '' 
 `` the seeds , well , they were n't wiped out . 
 seeds are n't ` alive ' like the rest of us , so they survived the countdown . 
 there 's tons of ` em lyin ' around ! 
 there were even several seed banks -- one of the few smart things the dead generation did before countdown . 
 the problem always was ; how do we get the earth fertile again ? '' 
 he nodded to himself . 
 `` well , we 're definitely doing it ourselves . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 pressed brian . 
 the old man 's expression became distant and somber . 
 `` that mulch is the remains of the human race . 
 all the dead people , from the cities we 've reclaimed , are in that mulch . '' 
 iris yelped , covering her mouth with her hands . 
 brian felt sick to his stomach . 
 `` how else are we gon na grow anything ? '' 
 the old man shifted in his seat , as the bus was rocked from side to side by another fast-moving dust cloud . 
 `` all the plants died , and all the animals too . 
 shit , even the bumblebees and butterflies have dissolved into the wind . 
 this is the only way , but even then , you should 've seen the fight before they agreed on it . '' 
 he nodded to himself . 
 `` i actually sat in the meeting the homestead had , trying to decide what to do . 
 there just was n't any other option for disposing off all the bodies . 
 we ca n't burn all of ` em , and we do n't have the manpower to bury them all . 
 so any food you eat , once the plants come back and animals too , will have been birthed from our remains . 
 life , from death . 
 kinda poetic , in a way , if you thought about it . '' 
 brian 's highly analytical mind processed the old man 's words , and knew it was a logical and necessary decision . 
 `` i guess it has to be done . '' 
 the old man nodded , smiling with approval at his maturity . 
 `` yes it does ! 
 we 've got a whole lot o ' things we 've got ta do , and none of us are gon na like ` em one bit . '' 
 iris nodded to herself , thinking on her own future , as the bus roared through yet another dust storm , headed for an uncertain future . 
 `` but , if you want to hear some real news , then listen to this : africa 's falling . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 the old man began to cough , and took a whiff of air from a canister he carried at his side . 
 it seemed to brian that all of the old generation had them -- it was the only thing he actually envied them for . 
 `` well , maybe you heard , they had the lowest median age . 
 more of their people survived the countdown than any other nation . 
 the problem is , they did n't have the technological resources to carry on . 
 we 've offered to help them , in exchange for them coming to work for us , but they 've flat refused . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i dunno . 
 somethin’ ` bout slavery ... all i know , is that the world 's got ta rebuild , and we 've got ta all get together and get it done . 
 no matter what . '' 
 brian leaned back in his seat , as he was still tired from the poor night 's sleep he got . 
 his mind drifted , thinking on all there was to be done in the world . 
 one of his professors told him of the six priorities agreed on in the council . 
 first : disposal of the bodies . 
 all human and animal matter is to be recycled into compost . 
 factories will be converted into compost accelerators and purifiers . 
 farm machinery is also to be pulled into the newly populated areas . 
 second : food creation and distribution . 
 all plant life across the earth is dead . 
 many trees survived , but immense dust storms ravage our land . 
 the few remaining species of animal life that are left are dying out from lack of food . 
 after compost is created , we must plunder any and all seed banks to grow crops . 
 we must begin to clone all insects from egg and larvae depositories . 
 we must begin with bringing back the bees , then the cockroach and fly , to pollinate our crops and help dispose of the dead . 
 third : the establishment of law and order as quickly as possible . 
 a pseudo-communist government must be established in the interim , to facilitate distribution of food , water , and rudimentary medical supplies . 
 contraception is hereby illegal , as the repopulation of our planet must be achieved through government direction and/or coercion . 
 fourth : the rebuilding of the technological infrastructure to unite people of earth . 
 fifth : the aggressive and systematic investigation of the countdown catastrophe . 
 none of our citizens will have the will to forge on , if they think that tomorrow another countdown could take it all away . 
 finally , as our society becomes stable , as we generate a surplus of food , medicine , and return to our pre-countdown level of technology , we must convert the communist government to capitalist democracy , to prevent establishment of dictatorships and possible civil war . 
 the greatest threat facing our race is a prolonged civil war between the remaining survivors . 
 anything and everything must be done to maintain peace among the survivors of countdown . 
 brian turned to look on his sister , who had fallen into a light sleep . 
 thankfully the old man was respectful , and sat with his hands clasped on his lap and his eyes closed . 
 `` you know , we 're lucky , '' said the old man , suddenly opening his eyes . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 `` there has n't been any war . 
 i remember in the first weeks after the countdown , how terrified everyone was . 
 there was n't even any looting , any riots , because we all were holding our breath , waiting for something else . 
 it took a full year before we all understood the scope of what had happened , and by them we had lost a great many more people . 
 it was as if a switch was thrown , and each and every one of my generation knew we must work hard to keep our species alive . 
 the ` machine ' that was humanity roared and engaged , determined to accomplish the herculean feat of survival . 
 people worked until they dropped from hunger , slaved in the most extreme cold and heat , knowing if they did n't , our doom was sealed . 
 there was a greatness about us , back then , as we faced the cold hands of death upon our necks . 
 we did n't need a gun , or a tank , to shout ` we shall not die ! ' 
 and all of us shouted those words , in one way or another . 
 we evacuated as many as we could from the cities , then reluctantly set them afire . 
 we cared for those who were suddenly old , who could n't even speak . '' 
 brian 's eyes drifted onto the other side of the bus , lined with row after row of the aged and wrinkled specimens of humanity . 
 he never liked them , always thought them disgusting and foul , but he was beginning to understand all they had done for humanity , and how little reward they reaped . 
 the old man continued . 
 `` but the time of generosity and patience and understanding is coming to an end . 
 perhaps you 're too young to feel it , perhaps because you grew up in that time of union and hope . 
 but i feel it . 
 war is coming , and it will be vicious and brutal . 
 the more people think that another countdown wo n't happen , the more they remember power , prestige , and wealth , and seek to do anything to get them back . '' 
 `` but there 's still so much to do ! '' 
 he cried naively , as the old man shook his head . 
 `` it 's your generation that will betray us . 
 the older we get , the more infirm , the less they will see anyone that could give them boundaries . 
 power , young man , power -- it 's the root of everything . 
 and we are in a time of great uncertainty , when the bravest fool can control the minds of men and bend them to his perverted will . 
 we are in the seventh age of man ; the age of doubt , and one only hopes the age of enlightenment will follow . '' 
 the day passed quickly for brian , working at scott , as there was much to do trying to clean and repair the shuttle . 
 and when he got home , he found his mother packing a small bag , scolding him for forgetting to get a physical done . 
 she yelled at him that he should n't have kept putting it off , that if another week went by the archetypes would pay them a visit . 
 brian nodded and piled into the car with the twins to see the doctor melon . 
 the room was packed in dr. melon 's office , and it was mostly filled with the wheezing , hacking remains of the human race . 
 the dust was merciless , working its way through windows and doors , creeping into beds and homes , and it was by far the most pressing health concern of the survivors of the countdown . 
 even though everyone was given a dust masks and told to keep it on most for the day , the average human could n't function like that , and most only wore it when a dust storm cropped up . 
 while some could take the dust without getting sick , most had lungs that collapsed under the strain , leaving them as wheezing , useless bodies the homestead had to care for . 
 jacob , brian 's younger brother , was one of those unfortunates . 
 brian listened at night to his wheezing and always wondered if his breathing would just stop altogether . 
 he had heard the government was considering legislation to discontinue asthma medicine after five years , and if the patient did n't improve , then to have them euthanized , as they would be too great a drain on resources while contributing too little work . 
 overhead hung a sign brian only noticed a few visits back . 
 the homestead has now forbidden contraception . 
 contraception in any form is punishable with euthanization for the male and forcible insemination for the female . 
 forcible insemination is no longer a crime . 
 while the homestead abhors violence in any form , no act that results in fertilization can be punished by law . 
 `` ready for you , brian . '' 
 dr. melon was almost eighty-five , but he was spry and active . 
 brian had begun to notice that while some men aged badly , like his father , others seemed to keep their strength and alertness . 
 these men typically were his instructors , his doctors , and some of the homestead officials he came in contact with . 
 if he was of a more suspicious nature , he might even have thought there was some conspiracy afoot , but he was kind and relatively trusting , so that fact lay ignored in his subconscious . 
 `` so , how are doing today , brian ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 dr. melon made a cursory physical exam , making brian take off his shirt , pressing and prodding along his ribs and back . 
 his hands paused along some black and blue splotches . 
 `` you dad hitting you again ? '' 
 `` yeah , a little . '' 
 melon nodded , with a sad smile . 
 `` it 'll all be over soon -- you 're going to be someone important ! 
 now , turn your hand into a fist . '' 
 dr. melon swabbed brian 's inside elbow with alcohol , then prepped a syringe . 
 `` any breathing problems ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he injected brian swiftly , rubbing over the site once again with an alcohol pad . 
 `` eating regularly ? 
 you look a little thin for the allowance you 're given . '' 
 brian shrugged , as he never wanted to speak about the food his parents sold . 
 the doctor sat next to him . 
 `` you know , we 're in a time of transition . 
 a lot of us old ones , like me , still think and act like our mental age . 
 after all , i really have an ema of thirty-five ! 
 and yet , i 'll be dead in a few years , as will all of us , and kids like you will need to run the world . 
 the time is fast approaching , brian , when you and others like you will be brought up to speed , and given the keys , so to speak . 
 then you 'll have to drive this big truck of a world , and you 're gon na hafta be some kinda careful . 
 so , grin and bear these last years when your father can act like a prick . 
 i 'm sorry it has to happen to you , but it 'll all be over soon , and you wo n't have to be bothered by him anymore . '' 
 the doctor had told him this several times , and brian did n't know how to feel . 
 while he did n't like his father , he could n't make himself feel happy about the fact that he would soon be dead . 
 `` yes , doctor . '' 
 the doctor smiled . 
 `` now , go out there , make some babies , and keep yourself healthy ! 
 that 's all the homestead asks for , and i know you can do it . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 meekly asked brian . 
 `` why do i hafta make babies ? '' 
 `` you know -- i know they teach you that in school . '' 
 he put a hand on brian 's shoulder . 
 `` i know it 's a scary proposition , but it must be done . 
 there are too many things working against us -- the dust , the death , the unknown . 
 we need to revert to a more primitive existence ; make as many babies , and hope the strongest survive . 
 we never know when or if another countdown will happen , so we must be ready . 
 and you should be warned brian -- not only is celibacy past the age of fifteen a crime , but monogamy is also being discussed as criminal behavior . 
 you are capable of great things , my young prototype , but you must follow the law in this one thing . 
 then , anything else , well ... you 'll have a great deal of latitude with . '' 
 chapter 4 she was , without a doubt , one of the least offensive , most innocuous of women one could ever have come across -- and she liked it like that . 
 she was n't particularly attractive , with a body full of straight lines that looked more boyish than feminine . 
 even her hair was cut short , in some echo of youthful , boyish rebellion . 
 `` you will sow much seed in the field but you will harvest little , because locusts will devour it . '' 
 she spoke those words casually , leaning against the makeshift podium , one hand in the pocket of her black trousers , the other resting on the bible which lay open before her . 
 five hundred stood gathered around her in an old ice-rink , a secondary meeting place that was near to where most of the grunts worked . 
 they were dusty and dirty after a long day 's work cleaning out the corpses of st. louis , and all the highways leading to and from the old mighty city . 
 they smelled too , like days upon days of sweat and urine all piled into their armpits and crotches . 
 it sometimes made her want to vomit , but she held it in , for they needed her , and she they . 
 `` and we do sow , my friends ! 
 we clear the land of stones , clear the field of what was rotten and foul , and slowly , carefully , plant what shall surely be our glorious future . 
 ` they sowed fields and planted vineyards that yielded a fruitful harvest , ' said our lord , and it shall be true . 
 so long as we have faith , in our lord and in ourselves , it shall be true . 
 glory be to god ! '' 
 `` glory be to god ! '' 
 they echoed . 
 her crowd was mostly the sixteen , fourteen and eleven year-olds -- the worker bees of the new america . 
 these children spent little time in a classroom , and what time they did spend inside was only to learn about proper hygiene , along with basic math and reading skills . 
 the most serious tracts they ever read were from the bible , and those only reinforced the necessity and of their work , and the humility with which they must conduct themselves . 
 `` and you will be blessed . 
 although they can not repay you , you will be repaid at the resurrection of the righteous . 
 god knows you toil hard , toil like none before you ! 
 ` but god remembered noah and all the wild animals and the livestock that were with him in the ark , and he sent a wind over the earth , and the waters receded . ' 
 the winds blow over the earth , my friends . 
 they may scorch and sting , but they are the purifying breath of the almighty , purging the fields and the homes , cleansing the sin from our soil and our souls . '' 
 she stood once again behind the podium , buttoning her black jacket in a sign that the sermon was almost over . 
 those before her had pitifully short attention spans , and grew restless the longer she spoke . 
 her face broke out into a slight , genial smile , and her eyes twinkled with a goodness that kept those before her coming day after pitiful day , knowing that their load was a little lighter after she spoke . 
 `` ` if the lord brings about something totally new , and the earth opens its mouth and swallows them , with everything that belongs to them , and they go down alive into the grave , then you will know that these men have treated the lord with contempt . ' 
 and so we , the new citizens of america , stand , nay bask in god 's grace ! 
 it is upon us the divine light of his love shines , it is upon us that his benevolence beams , it is with us that his strength and power rest ! '' 
 with each iteration of the word ` us ' she slapped her hand on the podium , bringing a commensurate murmur from those before him . 
 `` never forget , my friends ... never forget ! 
 if we so choose , we can stop the wheels and cogs of this burgeoning world ; we can bend it to our will . 
 if we find this new world to be heading down the path of sin and decadence , in foul imitation of what was wiped away , it is our duty , to the lord , to force our fellow men and women onto the path of salvation ! 
 they do not know it , but we hold the power , not only of the righteous , but of the lord almighty ! 
 god rule within us ! '' 
 `` god rule within us ! '' 
 she stepped down , the deaconess rodriguez , and shook the hands of the boys and girls who still regarded her with awe and adulation . 
 she was seventy-five , but she never felt surer of herself , never felt stronger or more determined in all his life . 
 she had recently acknowledged her preference for women , and even reconciled it with the more conservative aspects of her faith . 
 it made her stronger , more confident , especially when she had a small coven of nubile followers to return to when the night grew cold . 
 she knew that know , when she raised her hand , the world would stop , and be forced to follow her desire . 
 chapter 5 brian always felt alone , but today he felt positively isolated . 
 the old man 's words haunted him no matter the distraction , and he saw the fruits of his truth bloom in the scrutiny of his teammates . 
 he saw in his peers the scorn of their elders , the unending braggadocio and hyper-machismo . 
 they were all smart , but they were impatient , ready to snatch the world from those who almost perished saving it . 
 they had knowledge without wisdom , without context . 
 none of them lived through the fear of the countdown , none of them woke wondering if this day might be their last . 
 it was all a nighttime story , a legend that had no teeth . 
 the complex itself was a sprawling facility , taking advantage of the ample room scott air force base provided . 
 even the old base in its prior configuration housed over two thousand people , now , with many of the buildings converted to dorms , it housed almost twenty thousand , its population almost evenly split between prototypes and archetypes . 
 dorms lined one side of the facility , while training grounds covered a third of what was left . 
 the shuttle was housed in a large hangar just off the one remaining runway . 
 brian had been coming here for the past year , and in all that time he never grew tired of admiring the black and white beast . 
 the shuttle was an immense thing , archaic in design , yet with a grandeur and strength he found irresistible . 
 it was covered with rust when they first started working on it , but over the past year they had meticulously cleaned it , inside and out . 
 supplies were brought , as well as manuals on disc and paper , and brian was one of an elite team of twenty that also learned the basics of how to fly the beast . 
 the more he learned about it , the more he respected what was before ; the world before countdown . 
 they actually made it , up there , he thought to himself , as he worked on one of the consoles in the cockpit . 
 the programming was wiped as a result of a mistake early on . 
 there were many mistakes made , as no one survived that had any direct experience with the shuttle . 
 they had to learn everything from paper , and often it was trial and error in fixing something . 
 every panel of the glass cockpit was cracked from the accident , and only now did the parts arrive to fix it . 
 in this ship , they orbited the earth , above it all . 
 his dreams were filled with him piloting the shuttle , venturing out to meet the watchers , convincing them to help the people of earth . 
 he always dreamed he would die in the attempt , gallantly losing his life as he returned with the watchers ' message . 
 `` you done in there ? '' 
 one of his close friends , todd , woke him from his reverie . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he screwed back on the console , and climbed into the pilot 's chair . 
 `` do n't get too used to that , '' said todd . 
 `` i 'm gon na be the captain -- you can be sure of that . 
 hey , look ! '' 
 brian peered out the window to see a formation of younger boys , all dressed in fatigues , march by to the shouts of a tall commander . 
 `` fuckin crater-faced archetypes , '' sneered todd . 
 `` we should all be glad we were n't born three years later . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 the archetypes were all twelve-year-olds , instructed in combat , meant to be the police force of the homestead . 
 almost all of them were abnormally large for their size and with terrible acne , which led most to suspect they were being given some kind of steroid . 
 `` you ever think about who 's in control ? '' 
 `` of the homestead ? '' 
 `` no . 
 of those things . '' 
 todd shrugged . 
 `` does it matter ? 
 like they said in class , we never hafta worry ` bout the archetypes . '' 
 brian nodded , as they both watched the formation move out of sight . 
 gunfire could be heard in the distance , as a bell sounded . 
 `` you think we 'll get this thing to launch ? '' 
 `` who knows ? 
 we 're gon na need to get it back to one of the launch platforms , and somehow learn all the launch procedures . 
 it 's a lotta work , and a lot can go wrong . 
 come on , that was the lunch bell . '' 
 `` we 've got to get it up there , '' said brian , seriously . 
 `` we 've got to do it ! '' 
 todd laughed . 
 `` i know . 
 but not today . '' 
 brian and todd ran out onto the tarmac , as the archetypes were lined in rows for review , standing at ease , with their hands behind their backs . 
 `` watch this , '' whispered todd . 
 `` atten-shun ! '' 
 the archetypes snapped to attention , along with their drill instructor . 
 `` what 're you doing ?! '' 
 demanded brian in a loud whisper . 
 `` shut up ! 
 watch this . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` right face ! '' 
 they all instantly faced right . 
 brian had never been this close to a formation of archetypes . 
 though they were three years younger , many dwarfed him and most of his friends . 
 he knew they had to be the strongest members of the human race now , and a part of his was afraid of their potential . 
 but todd felt no such fear , and laughed at his dominance over them . 
 `` now , on your knees ! '' 
 they fell to their knees , still rigid and at attention . 
 `` come on , '' pleaded brian , pulling todd away . 
 `` they 're not some damned toy . '' 
 `` stupid fucks ! '' 
 shouted todd , as he was pulled away . 
 `` stupid crater-faced fucks ! '' 
 at the end of a long day , brian stumbled slowly back to the bus stop , alone , as iris always took an earlier bus home . 
 all day he was preoccupied with the archetypes , watching as they constantly drilled , trained , polished their guns and laughed a coarse , vicious laugh . 
 he was consumed in his sorrow , which is why he did n't notice the pack of human wolves stalking his every move . 
 `` wake up , brain-boy ! '' 
 yelled a tall , lanky boy as he smashed a rock on brian 's head . 
 he stumbled forward , dazed , but managed to keep his balance . 
 after a moment brian recovered , spread his arms out , and managed a clumsy fighting stance . 
 `` ho-ho ! 
 he thinks he can fight ! '' 
 a pack of seven boys and girls leisurely circled him , a couple with old bottles in their hands , others with rocks , and one with a metal pipe . 
 it was dark , and their faces were shrouded in shadow . 
 brian was always good at avoiding traps like these , but unfortunately today his mind was in a better world far , far away . 
 one of the teens threw a rock , and brian just managed to dodge it . 
 `` look at him ! 
 clean clothes , clean skin . 
 you hear what they eat ? '' 
 `` they eat real food , '' sneered a girl . 
 `` real meat , real bread , real cake ! '' 
 brian saw their dirty , torn clothes , spattered with blood probably from the long dead . 
 there was a unity and concert to their movements as they paced around him , as if they had done this many times before . 
 `` can you imagine that ? '' 
 brian noticed a tall boy was clearly in the lead . 
 the others followed his lead in whatever he said or did . 
 `` have any of you even had cake ? '' 
 `` nope -- not me . '' 
 `` ca n't say i have . '' 
 `` uh-uh . '' 
 this leader came closer to brian , motioning the others to keep a watch out for unwelcome intruders . 
 `` so tell me brain-boy , what 's cake like ? 
 what do you deserve to get to eat cake ? '' 
 another threw a bottle at his feet . 
 the tall boy motioned them to stop . 
 `` come on , tell me ! 
 do you pull the slimy men and boys , women and girls from the cars all day ? 
 do you open up the doors to a hundred homes , to yank out the rotted corpses that fall apart in your hands ? 
 do you feed them into the machines to grind ` em up , hoping an eye or finger does n't spit out and hit you in the face ? 
 tell me boy ! 
 what do you do to deserve cake ?! '' 
 brian replied in the meekest voice he could muster , hoping to show them he was no threat and not worth antagonizing . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 the tall boy roared with laughter that was echoed by his friends . 
 `` have you ever picked up the dead ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the tall boy whistled with glee . 
 `` then tonight 's your lucky night ! 
 cause we 're -- '' suddenly , a voice rang out of the darkness . 
 `` all of you -- do n't move ! '' 
 out of the shadows sprung ten archetypes , clad in black . 
 the teens all darted wildly back and forth , looking for a way out , but were pinned down . 
 `` move away from the boy ! '' 
 `` which boy ? '' 
 whined one of the girls , as the others laughed . 
 a gun fired into the air . 
 `` do it now ! '' 
 they all backed away , as one of the archetypes motioned to brian . 
 `` now , over there ! 
 move up against the wall . '' 
 in an instant , their expressions turned from glee and sarcasm to abject terror . 
 a couple of the boys tried to stand up to the archetypes , but they were shoved back with the butts of thick black guns . 
 `` line up ! '' 
 growled one of the archetypes . 
 `` hands behind your back ! 
 now ! '' 
 they slowly lined up , anxiously looking back to see what the soldiers were doing . 
 `` now , you have committed the crime of assault against a prototype , '' pronounced the same archetype , who seemed to brian to be in the lead . 
 he rattled off the words with a brisk , mechanical precision . 
 `` you struck a prototype in the head , putting into jeopardy the usage of his mind for the betterment of the human race . 
 as such , according to article four -- '' `` no ! '' 
 screamed one of the girls . 
 `` according to article four , you are sentenced to death ! '' 
 brian whirled to the archetypes , wished he could say something , but their purpose was fixed , and inviolable . 
 their guns were raised the instant the charge was read , and without a moment 's hesitation , bullets exploded the heads of the teens , as their bodies fell to the ground . 
 one still stood -- the leader who bossed brian around only moments before . 
 ` you will drag their corpses to the truck ! '' 
 yelled the lead archetype . 
 `` move ! '' 
 the boy was bawling uncontrollably , as the archetypes pushed him along with their guns . 
 he pulled his fallen friends by their feet , dragging them to a pickup truck nearby . 
 he groaned with each body he had to lift , moaning in terrible misery that ate at brian 's soul . 
 he wanted to help the boy , but one of the archetypes held him back . 
 `` now , get into the truck ! '' 
 `` no , no -- please ! 
 just let me go , i 've got a son who needs me ! 
 please ! '' 
 the archetype took one step forward , raising his gun ever so slightly . 
 `` get in the truck ! '' 
 the boy 's legs fell out from beneath him , but three archetypes rushed over to kick him and yank him up . 
 they practically threw him in , on top of his friends . 
 `` please ! 
 no ! '' 
 he knelt in the truck , on the chest of one of the girls , his hands clasped together as if praying . 
 a single shot rang out , and he fell back onto his friends , bringing silence back to the night . 
 the archetype next to brian pulled off his mask , and gave him a card . 
 `` now do n't you forget me ! '' 
 he cried , with a simple smile . 
 `` you prototypes r ' gon na run this world . 
 when you get where you 're goin ' , you call me back . 
 do n't forget what we did for you tonight . 
 those teens 've killed three prototypes so far -- you woulda been next . '' 
 brian watched as they pulled off , and then vomited repeatedly in the dirt , not far from where bits of flesh and bone still remained . 
 he got home late , staggering through the door with a riotously angry headache . 
 his father was waiting in a chair , watching the tv . 
 `` why 're you late ? '' 
 `` i dunno . '' 
 brian tried to walk softly past , to avoid a confrontation , but his father 's hand whipped out and grabbed his arm , pulling him down close . 
 joe turned , with bloodshot eyes , his voice thick with liquor , and examined his son 's face . 
 `` you 've got a gash on the side of your head , and you tell me ` i dunno ' ?! '' 
 `` it was ... it was just some kids givin ' me some trouble . '' 
 his dad nodded , not letting go of his arm . 
 `` and you thought i was too stupid to understand ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 no , '' he stammered , trying to pull away , but joe held onto his arm as he stood . 
 `` i 'm sorry dad ! '' 
 `` maybe , you felt sorry for me ? 
 maybe you did n't want to bother me ? 
 maybe you thought i was too old to do anything about it ? '' 
 brian glanced away at his last words . 
 `` you ... little ... shit ! '' 
 joe slapped his son , right on the bloody spot of his head , knocking him to the ground . 
 brian stumbled around , fading in and out of consciousness . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dad , i 'm sorry ! '' 
 joe kicked him in his gut , knocking him a few feet over into one of the tv stands . 
 a wide plasma tv fell to the floor with a crash . 
 `` i see the way you look at me , boy -- i know what you think ! 
 i think you 've been livin ' too much of the good life . 
 you actually believe you 're better than the rest of us . '' 
 brian managed to curl into a ball , cowering in the corner . 
 joe spat on him , again and again , as he just sat , stewing in fear and anger . 
 `` glad i was n't like you , or this whole world would 've gone to shit . 
 get yourself cleaned up . '' 
 brian finally got into bed , wishing for a moment that iris was still awake so he would have someone to talk to , someone to lean on , but she was fast asleep . 
 he pulled his sheet up over his head , wishing it could cut him off from the whole world . 
 he pulled it down , got something from his wallet , and pulled it back up again . 
 gustav klendricks : senior tactical guard , archetype column five . 
 he read it over and over as the boy 's face conjured in his mind . 
 he hated what was done to the teens , but brian also knew that he would have been dead , if not for them . 
 he thought on his father , and how the abuse was getting worse and worse , every day . 
 the day after brian came home , with the designation as a ` prototype , ' his father avoided him at all costs . 
 the only short time that he felt any love from his father was when the first shipments of food came . 
 they sent enough for the whole family , and the minute joe sank his teeth into a thick strip of bacon , a wide smile was never far from his face . 
 after that first meal , when the family was happy and full , joe hugged his son , and told him how much he loved him . 
 but over the years , joe began to resent how brian was providing for the family , when he could barely go through a night without wetting his bed . 
 he felt competition with his son , as joe only had an ema of fourteen at the time . 
 the thought of all the things brian would get to do , get to experience , weighed heavily on joe . 
 every day joe looked in the mirror and saw a wrinkled face looking back , saw the youth he was denied . 
 he would watch as the young kids played stickball or football outside , running back and forth as the girls whistled and flirted all day long . 
 he grew to hate himself , and through that , his precocious son , who did n't seem to enjoy being given the gift of youth . 
 joe had lived through the tough times , lived a life stewarded by several eighty-year-old women who were n't his mother . 
 joe 's life was one of ambivalence , as nobody cared about his emotional needs or development , only that he was able to eat and shit by himself , that he knew how to read and write , and that he knew fire was hot and the icebox cold . 
 he never had a father to tell him it would be alright , to tell him how to act around girls , to tell him what to do when the specter of death would loom in his dreams , teasing with the thought of another countdown . 
 and brian felt all those textures of hatred every minute of his adolescent life . 
 joe started selling the food he got , not that they really needed the money , but more to spite his son . 
 brian knew , but never complained , and that made joe even angrier . 
 brian could see the hatred surge on his father 's face , could feel the heat of his fury when he came home from work . 
 he 's going to kill me , someday . 
 he held gustav 's card in his hand , as if it was a magical token he could wish upon . 
 but he actually loves iris , and the twins . 
 no matter what , i could never hurt iris . 
 i 've got to find another way out of this life , before it kills me . 
 chapter 6 it was raining again . 
 long , leisurely sheets of blue enveloped the ocean , cradling the tides with the rumble of thunder . 
 it smelled of purity , of rebirth , of the endless wellspring of maternal love , given freely from the earth to all its children . 
 mother may have been burned from the unknown fire of countdown , but her love was still free , still unconditional . 
 charlie lay on a lawnchair , his eyes closed , his arms spread wide , his palms open to receive the mother 's love . 
 he lived for the rain , for the peace and quiet . 
 the rain had a way of bringing the most industrious of men to a standstill , of slowing the most aggressive racer . 
 the downpour was as a speedbump that suddenly sprang in the midst of human life , a reminder of perspective . 
 as every flower , every leaf of every tree paused in the past to spread wide every membrane to drink in the mother 's milk , so charlie now paused in his duties to acknowledge the consistency of life , the unknown symphony of which he was merely a brief note . 
 `` you 'll catch a cold , charlie ! '' 
 yelled frank , his constant buddy . 
 he had watched charlie do this same thing ever since the countdown , and since the rain came more and more often , it was beginning to really slow down their operation . 
 thunder rumbled in the distance and a bolt of lightning could be seen , momentarily connecting the sky to the horizon . 
 `` we 've got all the time in the world , my friend . 
 all the time . '' 
 frank shook his head , and trampled back to the truck , flipping on a tv , turning the volume up to its limit . 
 damned shallow-minded asshole , thought charlie , as he tried to empty his mind once again . 
 unfortunately , the rain was letting up , and the sun was just peeking through the grey clouds . 
 he sat up , and glanced for a long while at his submarine , a wide smile on his face , as he knew it was going to be another gorgeous day . 
 charlie was one of the few lucky ones . 
 at forty-six , he was thirty when the countdown cataclysm scorched the earth . 
 a private in the navy , he was stationed on the nuclear-powered , ballistic missile submarine uss ohio , patrolling deep waters of the pacific . 
 the day it hit , the moment it hit , he instantly knew it , by the dropoff in chatter on the airwaves . 
 when the sub breeched from the deep , he felt born anew , a man created to inherit the earth . 
 no other sub from the u.s. navy survived that day . 
 all other subs were sailing high , and their crews were hit and decimated by the countdown . 
 thankfully for charlie , the captain of the ohio wanted to run some more tests on the ballast system . 
 unluckily for that captain , charlie slit his throat , along with the xo 's as soon as he realized what happened in the outside world . 
 in the battle for control that followed , only charlie and fifteen others made it out alive , thanks to charlie 's ruthlessness and determination . 
 there were two others with more experience with computers and weaponry than him , but afterwards they died quickly in ` accidents ' that charlie helped to orchestrate . 
 it left him as the most valuable human still alive , and he milked the title for all it was worth . 
 `` charlie ! 
 we got a call from the homestead ! 
 come over here quick . '' 
 `` the homestead , '' chuckled charlie , as he got up and folded his chair . 
 bunch of old geysers playing at power . 
 in only a few short weeks all of you will be dead , and i will finally have it all . 
 he got over to the truck -- one of his personal favorites . 
 he had ample time after countdown to find all the toys he had ever wanted in life . 
 he had almost eighty cars , three choppers , two copters , an f-22 , and his personal favorite sitting before him -- a lamborghini lm002 . 
 one of the first true luxury suv 's ever created , he spent four months tracking down the exact one he wanted . 
 after all , there was no factory to do any aftermarket additions . 
 frank got himself a hummer , but charlie called it ` pedestrian , ' and took the lm002 wherever he went . 
 he snatched the phone from frank , and pressed it close to his ear . 
 `` yeah , go ahead , this is charlie . '' 
 `` charlie , we need you at scott , '' said the voice that he recognized to be general franklin . 
 everyone was a general in the homestead . 
 they wanted to keep the guise of it still being an american democratic government , even if it was redder than the soviet union ever was . 
 `` get over there asap . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what 's goin ' on over there ? '' 
 `` we 're having problems with the shuttle you scrounged for us . 
 the heat tiles are too far gone . 
 it 'll never do . '' 
 damn . 
 `` well , no sense in me going over there . 
 we 've got one left -- the endeavor . 
 it 's in some deep storage , but we might have enough men now to get it out . 
 i 'll go over to the california science center , drag it out , and load it on a b-52 . 
 we should be there in a week . '' 
 `` what about the russian shuttles ? 
 any luck ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` the burans ? 
 too many damned pieces ! 
 but the boosters they made were some fine pieces of machinery . 
 there 's just no way we could get it all over to scott . 
 and i would n't suggest that long a flight for the shuttle . 
 we 're gon na hafta launch it into space on piggyback , and that 's that . '' 
 `` that 'll mean it 'll be a one-way mission -- we 'd lose too many heat tiles from the shock of separating from the bomber for it to make it back through re-entry . 
 we 'd lose the only shuttle we 've got . '' 
 `` then you 've got ta make some hard choices . 
 is this mission what you really want to do ? 
 if you change your mind , give me a call . 
 otherwise , i 'll be at scott in a week with the black-and-white . '' 
 `` when you get there , councilman davis requests your presence at a full meeting of the council . '' 
 damned pricks . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll be there . '' 
 he pressed ` end ' on the cellphone and burst out in riotous laughter . 
 `` what a fool ! '' 
 `` yeah , '' said frank , chuckling with him . 
 `` what do they hope to accomplish with this stupid mission ? 
 ah well , whatever makes them think they 're actually doing something . '' 
 `` you actually gon na take ` em all down ? '' 
 `` well , you tell me ? 
 the council is now in their late eighties . 
 half of them are startin ' to lose their memories . 
 and the new generation is just entering their mid-teens . 
 there 've already been riots , frank . 
 we 've got to take over things , got to give the young ` uns somethin’ to follow , or all that has been done will unravel in a second . '' 
 frank shrugged , as power plays were never his strong suit . 
 `` yeah , i guess you 're right . '' 
 damned right . 
 charlie leaned back on the truck , to take one last long look at the ohio , before he took a shower and they got things going . 
 who would 've thought that floating coffin would have been my salvation ? 
 call me ishmael , for i am the last of what was , and the beginning of what will be . 
 chapter 7 it was a hot day , and consequently , a dusty day . 
 ever since the countdown cataclysm annihilated all life not able to withstand fifty years of aging , grass no longer existed . 
 slowly it was coming back , as spores fell back to earth and took root , but most of the land was still a sterile dustbowl that wreaked havoc on humanity with every extended dry period . 
 the winters were brutally cold , as the dust from the earth 's land mass rose and fell in an unending cycle , blotting out the solar radiation and pushing the temperature down . 
 conversely , the summers were dry and hot , with the earth 's cycle of evaporation and perspiration upset by the countdown . 
 brian and iris slipped out of the house early , opting to wait a little while longer at the bus stop than have brian endure anything more from joe . 
 the bus was late , but at least the dust did n't start swirling until they got on board . 
 the dust pelted the hazy plexiglas windows , seeping in through a few cracks , coloring the air and sky a rusty brown . 
 she wore a pair of dusty , torn jeans that hung too low and a tight yellow shirt that rode too high , but that seemed to be the default fashion for all the young girls . 
 she had a woman 's body that was bursting out of her young girl 's clothes , but a chubby face , with baby-fat cheeks and a few blackheads dotting the surface that reminded any admirer of her true age . 
 under it all hung the eyes of a sheep -- docile and innocent , unaware of what could come and naive as to what lurked in the world . 
 it was hot and close in the bus , as the air cooling unit weakly pumped out air , and the windows were sealed shut against the dust . 
 iris reeked of her period as brian reeked of fear and shame . 
 `` i 'm gon na do it tonight , '' she said sullenly . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` you ... you know . '' 
 brian sighed , as he knew there was no fighting it . 
 `` who with ? '' 
 `` akiri . '' 
 brian patted some dust off his khaki pants . 
 `` i do n't think i remember him . '' 
 `` he came over last night , when you had to work late . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 his head still ached from the bruising he took , but the pain was n't half as bad as the wrenching guilt that ate his heart . 
 `` asian guy ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` have n't seen many of them . 
 you like him ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i dunno . 
 he 's alright . 
 he just does n't push like the other boys do . 
 i think he 's a little afraid . '' 
 a soft smile filled brian 's eyes , as the bus pulled up . 
 `` i think that 's a good thing . 
 but you 've got your period . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 brian smiled , and shook his head . 
 `` nothin 's gon na happen , when you 're like that . 
 wait a couple of days till it passes , then you can try . '' 
 the bus made slow progress through the storm . 
 it was one of the old ` greyhound ' buses , as they seemed to survive anything thrown at them , though the silver dog had all but faded away . 
 it was almost as if a foot of snow had fallen , so high were the dust dunes , cutting visibility by over a half and making traction difficult and tenuous . 
 by the time they pulled to the next stop , the grumbling of the riders was loud and impossible to ignore . 
 the old man who sat next them on the last ride got on , and made his way slowly back to their seats , as the bus lumbered on . 
 as he plopped down next to brian , grinning like a school boy , brian finally took a long look at him , to understand better whom he was sharing his time with . 
 he was a tall , sturdy fellow , with a ruddy complexion under a mop of red hair . 
 his eyes were thin , and his nose glowed like a fairy reindeer 's , with craters along its surface as if it was a small moon . 
 he wore something similar to what he wore the first time he sat by brian ; faded khaki overalls with a thin white shirt underneath , and worn black construction boots that looked to be a size too large . 
 her smelled of unwashed masturbation , and it was the one thing that kept some part of brian ill at ease . 
 `` well , hello young man . 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 brian quickly pulled down his sleeves to cover his bruises , hoping iris would n't notice . 
 `` oh , it 's nothing . '' 
 iris glanced over , yanking at his sleeves . 
 `` what happened to you ?! '' 
 `` some kids jumped me , last night . '' 
 she pulled at his clothes , searching to see how far the bruises went . 
 he tried to push her away , but she persisted , finally pulling up his shirt to see an angry purple and yellow bruise run from his hips to just under his ribs . 
 `` did they get away ? '' 
 `` no . 
 some archetypes surprised them . '' 
 `` good -- bet they got ` em good ! '' 
 the old man nodded knowingly at brian , as iris was n't ready to hear the truth , and he had some inkling as to what it was . 
 `` so , did you think on what i said ? '' 
 brian tucked his shirt back in . 
 `` yeah , but what can be done ? '' 
 `` focus , and hope , young man . 
 that 's what we all need . 
 a goal , that is pure and attainable . '' 
 `` we 're ... i should n't be telling you this , but we 're trying to get a shuttle up , to communicate with the watchers . '' 
 the old man grew pensive , and sat back , thinking on the possibilities . 
 `` a shuttle ? 
 how could we get a shuttle up ? 
 it takes a lot of manpower to get one of those off the ground . 
 i even sat in on one of those launches , and ... well , it was one big deal . '' 
 brian shrugged . 
 `` i dunno . 
 i 'm on a team working to prep one for launch , but it 's taking a long time . 
 we keep finding rust , or tears , or major component damage . '' 
 `` well , it 's been sixteen years since anyone did anything with them . 
 we should be lucky they still exist at all ! '' 
 iris got up and waved goodbye , the old man 's eyes following her exposed midriff . 
 `` you 've got a pretty sister . '' 
 `` sister ? 
 i told you -- '' the old man laughed . 
 `` boy , i 've seen a lot in my years ! 
 though i 've only got an ema of thirty-five , it 's long enough to tell when there 's love but no lust . '' 
 brian nodded , thinking on all that could be gleaned through careful observation , making a mental note to work on his powers in the future . 
 `` what did you do , before countdown ? '' 
 `` slept around , mostly . 
 did a lot of what people are doing now ; watching tv , eating , and waiting . 
 we humans did a lot of waiting . 
 we waited for our kids to grow up , waited for bills to be paid off , waited for someone to love to appear in our door . 
 well , while i was waiting , i worked in a retail store . '' 
 `` retail ? '' 
 `` yeah , like you see on the tv , where people bought things , with money , and credit cards . '' 
 `` credit cards ? 
 are they like the allotment cards ? '' 
 the old man chuckled at brian 's ignorance . 
 `` yeah , i suppose so . 
 we got paid , just as people do now , when we finished a week 's work . 
 except back then , there were a whole lot of other ways to make money . 
 for some people , it was their whole life . 
 i never could understand people who were like that , only concerned with more money , more things . 
 it 's like they were still a kid inside , wanting more and better toys . 
 sad thing is , we 'll get it all back , one day . 
 all the credit cards offering money we do n't even have , all the magazines with dolled-up sluts grinning on the cover , all the flashy cars that can go too fast and go too many places to be of use to anyone . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because that is what a human is . 
 we have a drive not only for survival , but for success . 
 and money is the most obvious indicator of that success . '' 
 the bus pulled into a station , and brian got up . 
 `` here 's my stop again . '' 
 the old man held onto brian 's shirt sleeve . 
 `` i hope i do n't seem like some bitter old man . '' 
 `` no , there 's a lot wrong with things today . 
 the homestead is evil and corrupt , and -- '' `` now hold on , '' said the old man , pulling him back by the sleeve . 
 brian was frankly surprised at his strength . 
 `` it 's always been real easy to see the bad side of everything ! 
 you know that world i told you about ? 
 well it also had opportunity . 
 freedom . 
 wide open spaces , where anyone could go . 
 sure a man could occupy himself with making money . 
 or he could occupy himself with helping others , finding cures for diseases , nurturing the young -- any manner of uplifting things . 
 we had that choice . 
 now the homestead might be easy to speak ill of , but look around you . 
 everyone is being fed , clothed , and housed . 
 no one is a slave , or is forced to work more than necessary . 
 everyone has light , heat , and entertainment . 
 and are they trying to make a missile to blow up the watchers , or finding tanks and bombs and planes to conquer what 's left of the world ? 
 no . 
 they just want to try to preserve the human race , to build a foundation , on which we can all lean on . 
 those most vocal against the homestead , are usually those who desire power . 
 and we should be real thankful people like that are n't running the show . '' 
 brian nodded . 
 `` i 've got ta go ! '' 
 `` you think on what i said ! '' 
 yelled the old man , as he ran off the bus . 
 `` you think real good ! '' 
 chapter 8 the mississippi river was a muddy mess , its arteries clogged with years of accumulated soil , blown from the farthest corners of what was america . 
 a submarine sat in its depths like a lonely crocodile , waiting for easy prey to tiptoe by . 
 it housed the council of the homestead , able to disappear under the waters should another countdown occur . 
 charlie always hated to come there , as he despised most forms of authority . 
 when he was in the navy , he was written up four times for insubordinate behavior . 
 twice he was almost dishonorably discharged only to have the paperwork revoked by his lieutenant . 
 whatever kind of an asshole you are , said the lieutenant after one of his screw-ups , you 're a damned smart asshole . 
 and that he was . 
 he could learn a ship 's systems in days , rather than weeks . 
 he knew how to program the computers , how to rewire the systems . 
 and at the same time , he was a vicious soldier with dozens of medals for valor . 
 he could go out with a small platoon of men and accomplish what a whole battalion could n't . 
 three times in the second iraq war he single-handedly tracked groups of insurgents and routed them with only five men at his side . 
 he was unparalleled at hand-to-hand combat , but more than that , he was a skilled technician who could disarm ied 's in a heartbeat , then rewire them as part of his own traps . 
 he gained the nickname ` snake eye ' for his ability to kill without remorse . 
 as such , the homestead needed him and hated him . 
 it was he that coordinated the movement of the shuttle to scott , he that trained the youngsters to pilot the subs , drive the cars , program the computers . 
 he was anywhere and everywhere , and with each child he taught , another soldier , another loyal follower joined his ranks . 
 he had a charisma that was irresistible to the young and insufferable to the old , and worst of all , he knew it . 
 as he and frank walked along a narrow path leading to the sub , charlie took another drag from his cigar , before throwing it into the muddy soup of the river . 
 `` why do you think they called us back ? 
 why not just conference on the cell ? '' 
 asked frank . 
 `` who knows , who cares . '' 
 he zipped up his bomber jacket , as they rounded down the last stairwell leading to the sub . 
 through the dozens of archetypes they passed , each one coming to extreme attention to charlie , and he eagerly saluted them back . 
 he was the closest thing there was to a living legend , and most of the younger generation worshiped the ground he walked on . 
 `` it 'll give me a chance to update them on my change of mind ` bout the shuttle . '' 
 as they rounded the final gantry leading to the sub , an archetype saluted them , his eyes focused on charlie . 
 `` sir ! '' 
 charlie paused in front of him , scanning him quickly up and down . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` you should be informed , sir , that the deaconess is onboard . '' 
 charlie gritted his teeth like he just took a swig of cod liver oil , and nodded . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` francis , sir ! '' 
 the young boy came to rigid attention , his pock-marked face focused straight ahead , with tightly-drawn lips . 
 he was huge for his age , with burly shoulders and thick arms buried under his black uniform . 
 `` francis hill sir ! '' 
 charlie nodded . 
 `` good job , francis hill . 
 i 'm gon na need a few more hands for my work . 
 i 'll put you on the list . '' 
 francis beamed from ear to ear . 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 charlie moved on , with frank pulling out his gun and checking it . 
 `` what 're you gon na do , shoot ` er ? 
 put that thing away . '' 
 `` this deaconess ' gettin ' to be a lot o ' trouble , '' grumbled frank . 
 `` i 've been hearing some rumors from the prototypes . 
 she 's been tryin ' to recruit some of ours ! '' 
 `` you 're giving her more credit that she 's worth . 
 we can get rid of her anytime we choose . 
 after all , she 's just an old woman like the rest . '' 
 they descended into the sub , and kept quiet , wary of prying ears and eyes . 
 it was a small vessel , tighter and more cramped than his own , but it was the only sub that was projected to be able to make it up the mississippi . 
 charlie stood for a moment , outside the door to the council chambers . 
 one day , this sub will go up in fire and flame , and the glory days of the homestead will begin . 
 i must take this abuse , this subservience , only for now . 
 he took a deep breath , and walked in with the broadest of smiles . 
 the council sat in darkness before him . 
 thirteen members , in echo of the original thirteen colonies , sat around a wide , ovular table whose polished , wooden surface gleamed in the pale light . 
 around the perimeter , four archetypes sat , each holding mp5 guns in their hands . 
 `` come , charlie , wo n't you sit ? '' 
 asked davis , the default head of the homestead . 
 one of the oldest council members , he was the only one that held elected office before the countdown , albeit for scarce a year . 
 but he knew how to turn a phrase , how to build a consensus , and most of all , had a strong desire for power , which enabled him to keep control over the others and even men like charlie . 
 he was also a remarkably intelligent man , and that fact irked charlie more than anything else . 
 charlie sat in a chair next to deaconess rodriguez , with frank assuming a soldier 's stance behind him . 
 `` no greetings for the council ? 
 none for your colleague , the deaconess , who was quite gracious with us ? '' 
 `` i 'm not here to be polite , or gracious , '' snapped charlie . 
 `` i 'm here to do work . '' 
 `` and how is the work coming ? '' 
 asked the deaconess . 
 `` are we any closer to launch ? '' 
 `` that 's why i 'm here , '' said charlie to the council , ignoring the deaconess . 
 `` i 've decided the shuttle will be impossible to launch . '' 
 `` why ? 
 we 've spent so much time . '' 
 `` as you know , we 've been unable to get the solid rocket boosters prepped for launch . 
 they were used shortly before countdown , and were never prepped for reuse . 
 and we just do n't have the skilled manpower to do it . 
 and even if we had a full sts system , the launch of the shuttle is manpower intensive , and we just do n't have it . '' 
 davis drummed his fingers on the table . 
 it was a habit charlie always hated , watching his bony fingers pound relentlessly on the wooden surface . 
 davis was n't much for shows of power , but charlie knew he liked to remind everyone about the power he had . 
 so , often in meetings just like these , he would make everyone wait , while his fingers drummed on the tabletop . 
 charlie did n't even think davis thought of anything in particular . 
 he just wanted to remind everyone who was the alpha ; who followed whom . 
 `` what is your alternative ? '' 
 `` a company called scaled composites created a private launch ship , called spaceshipone . 
 before countdown , they had just completed its successor , spaceshiptwo , also called ` enterprise . ' 
 it 's a small , plane-like craft that 's launched from the bottom of a large plane called white knight two , or ` eve ' for short . 
 it 's much simpler to operate than the shuttle , and would n't require the amount of skilled labor to launch . '' 
 murmurs of approval ran through the council . 
 `` will it reach the watchers ? '' 
 `` it should , but just in case , we can mount a pegasus rocket booster underneath . 
 enterprise can attain orbital altitude without it , but the booster will give it the extra thrust to reach a watcher 's ship . '' 
 `` so you 've wasted all this manpower on a futile endeavor ? '' 
 demanded the deaconess . 
 `` when we have cities to clean out , roads to clear ?! 
 i thought you knew what you were doing ! '' 
 charlie sat back , as if she did n't utter a word . 
 `` charlie , the deaconess ' concerns are valid , '' said davis . 
 `` why did it take you this long to realize this ? '' 
 `` i 've had a lot on my mind , and -- '' the deaconess bolted out of her chair . 
 `` you mean like the takeover of the homestead ?! '' 
 charlie slammed his fist on the table , as frank pulled his gun and leveled it on the deaconess . 
 the archetypes in the corner raised their weapons , though did n't quite know who to target . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 shouted davis , slamming his palm on the table and getting to his feet . 
 `` lower your weapons , and be seated . '' 
 frank slowly holstered his , as the archetypes backed away . 
 the deaconess sat slowly , her eyes still trained on charlie . 
 `` we have barely two million people left in america -- think on that ! 
 and you two want to start a civil war , make more people die , just in a foolish quest for power ? '' 
 he sat back , frustrated and disgusted . 
 `` you both are here because you both control the two halves of society . 
 charlie , the prototypes and archetypes all default to you , while the entire workforce follows your direction , deaconess . 
 what neither of you seem to understand is that society can not function without both of these halves . 
 to have a military , scientist and leadership force without civilians to do the day to day work would be impossible . 
 conversely , to have a society of only workers , and no military to enforce order , or scientists or leaders to push ahead into the future , would also be untenable . 
 both of you must give up your designs on taking over the homestead ! '' 
 `` i have no designs whatsoever for such a thing ! '' 
 yelled the deaconess . 
 `` i am of your generation , davis , so you know that my time in this world is short . 
 what i do want is respect ! '' 
 she whirled to bore her eyes into charlie . 
 `` your archetypes walk around as if they are gods inheriting the earth ; your prototypes get treated as if they are royalty , while in the streets the rest of humanity pulls out the corpses , clears the roads . 
 the rest of humanity is dying because of insufficient medical care , losing hope because of the meals of jellyfish they now must eat ! 
 there is a growing imbalance in this society that will only lead to civil war if this council collapses ! '' 
 `` that 's why this mission is so important , '' said davis . 
 `` humanity must have a focus . '' 
 he leaned forward in his chair . 
 `` you both are here because we have new information , and it is so sensitive , that it must remain in this room . '' 
 he nodded to the archetypes , who marched out of the room . 
 `` now , as you may have noticed , the dust storms are abating , and there are even times when the moon can be seen . '' 
 charlie shrugged , as did the deaconess . 
 `` well , just a few days ago , one of our oldest and most knowledgeable scientists started looking up at the stars again . 
 only the very brightest can be seen through the haze , but even they were enough to confirm a suspicion he had . '' 
 david took a deep breath . 
 `` we are no longer in our home solar system . '' 
 the deaconess sat back , in shock . 
 charlie merely laughed . 
 `` you 've got to be joking ! '' 
 `` no we are not ! '' 
 shouted davis , as he slammed his fist in the table . 
 `` we have no time for foolishness ! 
 his observations have been verified by two others , going to observatories at grinnell and cornell universities . 
 the stars do not match any maps in existence . '' 
 charlie sat back , now deep in thought . 
 `` then , we turned our attention to the sun , '' added sou-lin , second in authority to davis on the council . 
 charlie always found her appearance favorable , even if she was just another old hag . 
 `` it is n't the same . 
 its mass is substantially smaller , and we also determined our orbit is tighter . 
 the earth has been moved , my friends , and the moon with it . '' 
 `` whoever moved us , wanted us to survive , '' said the deaconess . 
 `` how do you suppose that ? '' 
 asked charlie . 
 `` why else put us around another sun ?! 
 and in even a tighter orbit , so we would get the same level of heat ? 
 why take the moon with us , other than to preserve our tides ? 
 if what you say is true , then whomever is responsible wants us to live . '' 
 `` which brings us back to the mission to the watchers , '' said davis . 
 `` if we knew that the watchers were evil , then every living soul would work towards their annihilation . 
 if they were peaceful , and gave us hope , then we all could move on , secure in the knowledge that there would be no further countdown . 
 we must have answers ! '' 
 `` and your bickering is complicating matters , as well as your pathetic maneuverings , '' added sou-lin . 
 `` you think we do n't see what 's going on around us ? 
 you think we do n't hear the rumors , the conspiracy theories ? 
 but we must think of the future of humanity , which it appears neither of you are doing . 
 we are on the brink of extinction . 
 there are so few pockets of humanity left on this world , that all it would take is one war to push us over the edge , make resurrection impossible . 
 the homestead decrees that you two must work together ! 
 so long as we live , we will not tolerate internal politicking or divisiveness . 
 you are both dismissed . '' 
 charlie got up , and bowed before the council , before offering his hand to the deaconess . 
 she accepted , and they both forced smiles in front of the council . 
 as charlie turned to leave , only one thing was on his mind , despite the enormity of the revelation given him . 
 so long as you live . 
 chapter 9 it was a clear , relatively dust-free day , for the first time most could remember . 
 scott air force base was fully revealed , bare to the world , without a shroud of filth circling around . 
 and yet , it still looked dingy and worn . 
 brian took a walk with todd around the periphery , in-between classes , just before lunch break , to talk about guns and girls -- the only two things most boys spoke of . 
 but brian was distracted by the landscape , now fully revealed , free from the dusty haze . 
 the sun rose at the end of a very long runway , and small , young trees still framed the periphery , and for a moment , it reminded him of the earth he would see on tv , full with bright hope and promise . 
 he often got this way , in fact , it was more his nature , than of leadership and aggression . 
 sometimes he knew that he was good friends with todd , if only so that he had a constant male companion , someone to prove that he was a boy , just like the others . 
 he learned about guns , and all the pretty girls on the base , really just so he would have something to talk to with todd and the other boys . 
 but if he had his druthers , he would spend all day in a delicious dream , thinking philosophical thoughts like the old man , pondering the fate of man , and what wonders were in store . 
 and sometimes , his musings would even be rewarded in reality . 
 today , he even heard a bird . 
 it took him a minute to figure out where the chirping came from , but he quickly spotted it . 
 the small , blue and white thing dove and ascended with grace , and to brian , it echoed the falling leaves , dancing with the wind . 
 `` can you see that ? '' 
 asked todd , his usually sarcastic voice filled with wonder and awe . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 they both stood for a minute , watching it fly , before finally racing out of sight . 
 `` i heard they 've had some success with cloning , and are finally beginning to let some animals out . '' 
 `` you think it 'll live long ? '' 
 todd shrugged . 
 `` who cares , at least it 's something nice to look at . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i wonder where it came from ? '' 
 `` they had some animal bank , like that seed bank they 're using in england . '' 
 `` no , '' said brian , for the first time really thinking about it . 
 `` the seed bank 's one thing -- they can plant seeds . 
 the genebank , well , it 's only got sperm and eggs of animals . 
 how 'd they make that bird ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 they just cloned it . '' 
 brian glanced up at where the bird flew . 
 `` i think you still need a girl bird to make it pregnant . 
 otherwise , it could n't be born . 
 there is n't any technology yet that can substitute for the womb , or i 'm sure they would 've used it by now with humans . '' 
 todd stopped , and thought over it too . 
 `` then where did that come from ? '' 
 brian got a shiver up his spine . 
 `` i do n't think i wan na know . 
 anyway , it 's time for chow . '' 
 the cafeteria was enormous , even by military standards . 
 stretching the length of two football fields , within its bounds thousands of archetypes and prototypes , and even a few hundred grunts , sat down for midday chow . 
 scott was n't just the base for the new shuttle program ; it was the training center for all archetypes , the education center for all prototypes . 
 wargames were held just a few miles away , and everyday tanks could be seen rolling by as the homestead prepared for the potential of the world to descend into barbarism . 
 girls and boys sat side by side , dressed the same , ate the same food , joked about the same subjects . 
 in this new age of man , the luxury of sexism or racism could n't be afforded . 
 the older generation may still have thought of things through the lens of girl and boy , rose colored glasses versus combat fatigues . 
 but the new generation only cared about cleaning up the dead , learning how to fight , and how to run the infrastructure that was old america . 
 women shoved back as hard as they were shoved , and while a few fell victim to a few burly boys at night , typically they struck back with a few vicious girls in the day . 
 the only thing that was frowned on was same-sex relations . 
 in a world where procreation was paramount , homosexuality was tantamount to treason . 
 men and women were brought up to have sexual fun with as many different partners , so long as they were of the opposite sex . 
 the few times homosexuals were caught , they typically were n't just expelled from the program -- the ` machine ' as it was called by the young boys and girls -- they were typically slaughtered as they left , a way of cleaning up loose ends . 
 the worst one boy could do to another is concoct proof of a homosexual liaison , for in this new age of man , gossip was most often taken for truth . 
 but then , that was n't anything new . 
 brian and todd made their way through the crowded , main aisle of the cafeteria , after getting their trays filled with food . 
 it was a chaotic scene , with prototypes horsing with other prototypes , and archetypes doing the same , but with a discernible line separating them , and both their kinds from the lowly grunts . 
 a few girls grabbed at todd as they moved down the center aisle , as he always was popular with them , especially ever since the showers became integrated , and the girls could size up the equipment the boys possessed . 
 `` would y ' all keep yur damned hands to yurselves ?! '' 
 he yelled in a mock southern drawl . 
 he loved the old reruns of gomer pyle , and every chance he imitated the titular character in a perfect echo . 
 `` golly , gee , just lem me be ! '' 
 brian playfully shoved him , and then pointed out their circle of friends . 
 they found a few seats , and started to dig into their food . 
 `` can you believe charlie 's gon na be here ? '' 
 asked one of the girls at the table . 
 word was going around that charlie was not only visiting scott , but spending some time with the archetypes and prototypes . 
 he was probably the only human in existence to illicit equal respect from both groups . 
 `` no way , '' said brian , as he leisurely consumed his meal . 
 it was potatoes , beef , and green beans , and it did n't taste half-bad . 
 he relished in taking his time eating it , as opposed to his mad dash through breakfast . 
 his friends would always tease him about how slow he ate , but none knew the reason . 
 `` you think it 's gon na be about the coup ? '' 
 asked isaac , one of the tallest prototypes . 
 he was continually called an archetype , much to his chagrin , and often a stray archetype would challenge him to a fight , which he usually managed to refuse . 
 `` they hafta wan na do it soon . '' 
 `` you think there 's really gon na be a coup ? '' 
 asked brian . 
 `` why bother ? '' 
 dawn , one of todd 's closer friends , threw a green bean at brian . 
 `` ` cause all those old geezers is only gettin older -- look at our teachers , stupid ! 
 they can barely make it through a whole class without wheezin ' and coughin ' . 
 and we 're gon na let them tell us what to do ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 todd started picking off dawn 's plate , and she smiled as he did . 
 brian always had a funny feeling about dawn that he just could n't explain . 
 she seemed like the other girls , maybe a little more attractive , but she also had a reservation that not only spoke of intelligence , but something more , something akin to ... devotion . 
 the few times she tried to get close to him , he cleverly pushed her away , not out of fear , but because she always seemed to want to learn more about him , and he was never one to share . 
 `` they 're all weak , and they know it . 
 they know we 're gon na take it all , but they just wan na hold on for as long as they can . '' 
 they all went quiet , as one of their professors walked by with a tray of food . 
 as soon as he was out of earshot , todd laughed . 
 `` look at ` em ! 
 look at all of ` em ! '' 
 his voice grew louder , laced with prideful arrogance , and others around him turned and took notice . 
 `` they 're all old sacs of shit . 
 we should -- '' `` you should shut up , '' said a voice that laid a hand on his shoulder . 
 he looked up , and almost lost his bowels . 
 `` charlie ! '' 
 the other kids ran over , not even noticing he came into the cafeteria . 
 the archetypes were all quiet now , sitting rigidly in their chairs , as if at attention , while the prototypes clambered over one another to get to brian 's table . 
 they were all questions and smiles , begging to know what would happen next . 
 dressed in a black bomber jacket and jeans , he had a cool machismo that every boy tried to emulate , and every girl lusted after . 
 he calmed them down , as he sat on a table top . 
 `` now first , you ca n't go around talking like that in public -- not when others can hear . 
 you got it ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' grumbled todd . 
 `` ok . '' 
 `` that 's better . 
 because the time is coming when i 'll need all of you . '' 
 they all pressed in closer , their ears perking up . 
 in the distance , the tables filled with the old professors cringed with fear . 
 `` very soon , we 're gon na press that reset button , and start things over . 
 i need boys and girls who have calm , cool heads , who can think for others . 
 we have to rebuild this whole society , and figure out the direction for the future . 
 you understand ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 they all answered . 
 `` now the archetypes will be the core , the backbone , but you here will be the brains of the new machine . 
 the machine will only press forward ; the machine will be strong , and fearless ! 
 the machine will take back the earth , and we shall control the machine ! '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` but we need to be quiet , and diligent . 
 some of you have been talking -- '' `` no , not us ! '' 
 they all cried . 
 `` yes , some of you have been filthy snitches , squealing on our plans . 
 i just came from a meeting with the council , and i know this to be true . '' 
 his eyes passed from one boy to another , from the face of one pretty girl to another , and they all quaked in fear . 
 `` i need you to police yourselves . 
 if you hear someone runnin ' around , actin ' like a damned fool , then do something about it ! 
 do n't let one or two fools ruin our future ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 something caught brian 's eye , and it was dawn , or rather , it was the expression on dawn 's face . 
 while the other prototypes looked up to charlie with eyes of fear and awe , she gazed at him with a more familiar , comfortable expression , like she had heard his voice many times before , like she was used to his presence . 
 `` good , '' continued charlie . 
 `` now , we 're gon na change direction . 
 i have n't been much for this whole shuttle shit , but now i agree with the homestead , that we need to get up there and speak with these watchers and figure out what happened with the countdown . '' 
 the council 's words about the change in the earth 's position rang true with him , especially after he did some tests on his own back on his submarine . 
 he knew that even if he and his people took over the homestead , it could all be negated in an instant by the watchers , or whomever possessed the power to affect the countdown . 
 `` before we can flip the switch , and turn the machine on , we need to know as much as we can . 
 now we were gon na use the shuttle , but i 've had a change of heart . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 asked an eager prototype . 
 `` we 're gon na use another ship i remembered about -- enterprise , from a company called scaled composites . 
 it 's easy to fly , and can get us where we need to go . 
 it 'll be boosted into the upper atmosphere by a bomber-sized mothership called eve . 
 enterprise can carry eight people , including two pilots . 
 i took a look at the ship , and it 's in fine shape , and should need minimal prep . 
 we should be able to launch in two weeks ! '' 
 the kids all cheered , whooping and hollering , as finally an end was in sight . 
 `` and after that , after the ship comes back , and we find out what we need to know , then we turn the machine on . 
 and i pity any and all who stand in our way . '' 
 as charlie walked away , brian could n't help but be swept up in the euphoria felt by the other kids . 
 the whole rest of the day they talked about what they would do with the world ; what they would fix , where they would go , and how they would live . 
 he watched as charlie took a tour of the archetypes , who never stood straighter in their lives . 
 they not only had fear in their eyes , but pride in their bearing . 
 for them , charlie was a living legend , a man who would open the doors to a future in which they would be even more powerful than they were now . 
 a part of brian even envied charlie , to be able to command such respect from so many , and apparently so easily . 
 later that day , brian came home , opening the door to find his sister and mother embracing . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` i finally did it ! '' 
 shouted iris , as she bounded into brian 's arms . 
 `` we could n't wait for tonight , so i went over to his house , and ... well , it 's finally over ! '' 
 jess beamed proudly . 
 `` your sister 's gon na be a mother . 
 whaddya think of that ? '' 
 he hugged her again . 
 `` i 'm happy for you ! 
 i 'm glad that 's all over . '' 
 `` so am i. '' to brian , she beamed like the sun itself , and few things in his short life had made him happier . 
 he always loved his sister terribly , and the fact that she was n't born a prototype , like him , caused him no end of worry . 
 but finally , he knew she would be alright , that her future would be secure . 
 `` tomorrow i go to the doctor , to get certified , and we can start looking for a house ! '' 
 brian nodded absently , the realization that he was losing his younger sister suddenly smacking him in the face . 
 `` oh , do n't worry , i wo n't move too far . '' 
 she saw his sorrow , and kissed him on the cheek . 
 `` i could never live without my big brother . '' 
 brian smiled , and laughed , squeezing her so tight that she had to beat him away . 
 later that night , after dinner , he sat with iris on the porch , gazing up at the stars . 
 it was a cool night with little wind , and a few dozen pinpricks of light twinkled through the sheet of dust overhead . 
 `` dad sure was n't happy . '' 
 iris sighed heavily . 
 `` no , he was n't . '' 
 `` i 'm sure he 'll come around . 
 especially if you actually do get a house close by . '' 
 she twiddled her thumbs , and then rubbed her hands on her non-existent belly , dreaming of getting big , and full , and being the envy of the other girls . 
 as much as she was afraid about having the child , the actual act was n't too bad , even as she thought to herself later , pleasurable . 
 and every girl her age was worried about finding someone right , about actually carrying the load . 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` when are you going to make rachel preggers ? '' 
 he sighed , suddenly feeling a little chill in the air . 
 `` i guess it 'll hafta be soon . 
 her parents are starting to get on my nerves . 
 and i even got an official warning from the homestead . '' 
 `` why , do n't you want to ? 
 it 's not all that bad , '' she said , with a coy smile . 
 `` you might even like it . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure she will . '' 
 rachel had been very dismissive of him lately , willing to kiss for extended periods , but once the kissing turned to heavy petting she always demurred . 
 `` i probably will , but ... i do n't know . 
 i really want to , but i just do n't ... '' he picked up a rock , and threw it far off into the distance . 
 `` ah hell , who knows ? '' 
 iris sat back . 
 `` you want to go up there , into the stars . '' 
 `` that all i 've ever wanted to do ! '' 
 he cried , pounding his fists on the floor . 
 `` i do n't want a kid , or a house , or even a girl . 
 i do n't wan na be a commander of those damned archetypes , or some homestead lackey . 
 i just want to get away , get out there , above all of ... this . 
 i want to see the watchers , find out what happened to our world . 
 i guess ... i guess that more than that , i do n't wan na turn out like mom and dad . '' 
 he leaned back . 
 `` i ca n't wait until i 'm gone . '' 
 suddenly , they both heard the screen door close behind them . 
 brian went white as a sheet , as he could barely turn around . 
 `` you ... little ... shit ! '' 
 brian still did n't turn around , but that did n't stop joe from almost throwing his son to the other end of the porch . 
 he was on top of him like a panther on its prey , using his hands to beat relentlessly on his son . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 frantically cried iris , as she stood behind them unsure of what to do . 
 `` please -- stop ! '' 
 joe beat him several more times on his head , then stood up , beginning to cough . 
 `` all you arrogant little shits disgust me ! 
 you sit there as the whole world is handed to you , and still you hate us . 
 we give you food , you hate us . 
 we give you life , and you hate us ! '' 
 brian curled into a ball in the corner , sobbing and rocking back and forth . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dad , i 'm , sorry ... '' `` you are sorry . 
 a sorry waste of a man , a sorry waste of food , a sorry waste of my time ! 
 i wasted fifteen years raising you , threw away the only good years left to me so you could whine about how rotten i was . 
 how rotten your mother is ! '' 
 he slapped his head once more with all his might , the muscle in his aged arms delineated in the pale light of night . 
 brian tried to cringe away , struggling not to pass out , but joe grabbed a tuft of his sandy-brown hair , and yanked him back , bringing a snapping sound from his neck . 
 `` your sister 's got more balls than you , getting pregnant at thirteen , startin ' her life . 
 what do you do ? 
 nothin ' -- nothin ' at all ! 
 god you sicken me . '' 
 he tossed brian away like a ragdoll , then bounded back into the house , slamming the door hard behind him . 
 iris rushed over to brian , kneeling beside him , holding his head in her arms . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 she stroked his head , as pools of her tears collected in his blood-stained cheeks . 
 `` you know he did n't mean it , he 's just had some hard days at work , and -- '' `` he means it , '' said brian , with an icy coolness in his eyes . 
 `` they all mean it . 
 that 's what my age group was bred for , right ? 
 bred to take over the world from the geezers like him . 
 i guess i ca n't blame him -- we have all these years to live , and he 's got his numbered already . '' 
 `` do n't talk like that ! '' 
 she shouted , turning angry . 
 `` you sound like some of the kids in my class -- always talking about taking over the country ! '' 
 she calmed down and sighed , rubbing her hands over brian 's face , kissing his cheeks . 
 `` things are good just the way they are . '' 
 she hugged him close , as he wept a few tears into her ample bosom . 
 things might be good , he thought , but they could always be better . 
 chapter 10 down the streets of st. louis , a new truck moved slowly , fed as it went by a couple of dour and morose attendants . 
 they would hoist the skeletal remains of a person up , and then toss it into the back of the trash truck . 
 when the lower area was filled , the massive metal scoop would come down , and press them all together , breaking the brittle bones down into dust . 
 the jets of white detergent water would then wash down the outside , while yellow streams of propellant showered the consolidated humanity on the inside . 
 the organic mass was shifted to the front of the truck , where plumes of fire ignited what was left . 
 up degree by degree , the fire would burn hotter and hotter , till thick , black smoke poured out the smokestack near the cab . 
 and on it would move , down the street , eagerly consuming what it was fed . 
 those who tended the bastard creation , who would devour its creators , hung as wraiths around its form . 
 they wore a motley of clothes , scrounged from whatever was left in the neighboring department stores , or that could be cherry picked from the homes of the dead . 
 cashmere sweaters over dickies overalls , nike sneakers peeking out from carhartt workpants . 
 while their clothes may have been different , their faces were all the same . 
 there was no hope in their eyes , no dreams of better times , no confidence that what they did would really matter . 
 their young souls were broken when they ceased to pile the corpses onto waiting flatbeds . 
 for some reason , even though they knew the bodies were being taken for disposal , it was n't them that were doing the disposing . 
 but now , hearing the machine crunch through bone , ground up their souls as if they placed them in with the dead too . 
 so often vomit would join the corpses , as not even the most jaded of the children could completely disassociate themselves from their gruesome tasks . 
 the only thing that kept them sane was the ever present deaconess , who flitted from crew to crew , inspiring them , building them up , cajoling them to come back for another day , praising their work as something noble and necessary . 
 her words were as intravenous nourishment , going straight to their hearts and minds , even if their souls were too far gone . 
 and the few times she asked for a favor , the few times she had an assignment for the strongest or smartest of the grunts , after hours , they eagerly and willingly complied , knowing that in helping her , they were helping themselves . 
 it was a hot , dusty day on interstate 78 when enterprise touched down , tucked underneath the graceful yet massive eve . 
 the runways at scott were n't quite long enough , since the modifications after the countdown , and charlie wanted to make sure there was room for error . 
 a group of fifty grunts were there to reorient and attach the ship to a pull vehicle . 
 pulled off corpse removal , they were in good spirits until they got halfway back to scott , when one of the axles of the semi pulling the ship broke . 
 `` damn , '' grumbled charlie . 
 he was tired of the whole shuttle business and while now he may have been eager to get someone into space , it still was n't what he liked to do , and he just wanted it all to be over , so he could turn on the machine , and relax . 
 `` call in some more grunts from st. louis , '' he said to frank , who got on his cellphone . 
 `` a storm 's approaching , and we need this plane under cover ! '' 
 in thirty minutes , ten semis filled with people pulled alongside eve . 
 by that time , five more massive metal lines were attached to the craft . 
 the archetypes opened the trailers , and out stumbled the grunts , disoriented and bruised from the journey . 
 `` alright , hand out the gloves ! 
 we 've only got gloves for about half of you , but we need all of you to pull ! 
 so rip off your shirts , tear your pants in half . 
 we 've got about five miles to cover , and -- '' `` are you insane ?! '' 
 yelled a voice from within the crowd . 
 the archetypes turned their guns on where they thought it came from . 
 charlie got down from his humvee , and pulled out his sidearm , with frank at his side , his ak-47 drawn . 
 `` who said that ?! '' 
 he ran back and forth , holding the gun up to various men and women , hoping to provoke a response , but none would cow to him . 
 they all stood , resolute and passive , stoking his anger even further . 
 `` you better show your face , damned sonofabitch , or i 'm gon na -- '' suddenly the crowed parted , revealing a smiling deaconess , her hands clasped behind his back . 
 her black jacket fluttered in the wind , exposing her austere white silk shirt . 
 charlie cursed under his breath . 
 `` so , '' stated the deaconess in confident , even tones , `` you expect these people to pull a craft weighing several hundred tons , using steel cables , and only half have gloves ? 
 are we building the pyramids again , on the back of american slaves ?! '' 
 thunder could be heard in the distance , almost an echo of the strength in her voice , as storm clouds began to roll in . 
 `` we do n't have time for this ! '' 
 snarled charlie , as he tried to hold frank at bay , who desperately wanted to let the bullets fly . 
 `` we need this ship under cover if we 're ever gon na get it airborne ! '' 
 she was calm in her reply , speaking slowly , as if time was utterly immaterial to her concerns . 
 `` and i tell you that this is tantamount to slavery . 
 these are citizens of the homestead , and they deserve better than this . '' 
 the grunts around her murmured words of approval , as charlie stood in the middle of the highway , frustrated yet furious . 
 the wind picked up strength around him , shifting the massive plane back and forth . 
 he glanced back at frank , who motioned to his own gun . 
 charlie nodded to himself , coming to a decision . 
 `` column c -- formation ! '' 
 a group of twenty archetypes ran into two short lines . 
 charlie stepped forward . 
 `` this craft needs to move , by order of the homestead . 
 refusal to follow orders from the homestead is punishable by euthanization . 
 you have one minute to pick up those cables ! '' 
 `` stand your ground , '' growled the deaconess , as she raised her fist into the air . 
 her jacket was almost blown off , and it revealed more of her muscular shoulders and arms . 
 while she had a feminine face , she had the arms of a woman who had multiple childbirths , who was used to holding an infant for long periods of time while tending to other matters . 
 suddenly , charlie saw part of her strength , how she was able to influence the grunts , how she was always unperturbed at whatever he might do or say . 
 `` we have the strength of the righteous , '' she screamed over the approaching storm , `` and pharaoh shall not break us ! '' 
 she 's treating me like some damned child ! 
 she 's always talked down to me , always thought so little of me ! 
 well i raised the homestead from the dust and grime , i 've got my machine primed and ready -- i 'll not let some damned bitch like her take it all away ! 
 `` level guns ! '' 
 the archetypes put one foot forward , and leveled their machine guns . 
 the crowd of grunts began to stir and yell , but the deaconess raised a hand to silence them . 
 `` if you do this , we still shall not move . 
 the more you shoot , the less there will be to move the craft . '' 
 `` target ... '' the deaconess folded her arms , standing proud and defiant . 
 `` fire ! '' 
 ten grunts dropped to the ground . 
 the deaconess did n't flinch . 
 instead , she raised her hand higher in the air . 
 the crowd around her grew quiet and still , as another crack of thunder cracked in the distance . 
 `` he who opposes the children of the lord , opposes the lord ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` and must be made to feel his wrath ! '' 
 suddenly , a beam of sunlight split through the clouds . 
 the grey storm clouds split open , revealing open sky . 
 then , as all gazed at the sky , a chirping could be heard . 
 high above a small bird dove down , darting back and forth , before flapping out of sight . 
 the deaconess smiled even as charlie smiled , seeing life somehow flourish on a world filled with so much death . 
 then the deaconess ' lips curled into a sneer . 
 she brought her hand down , and the first civil war of the homestead began . 
 chapter 11 it had been several days since iris told brian of her pregnancy , and every day she seemed more and more excited and joyful . 
 he hugged her as she left in the morning with her father , bound for a trip to dr. melon , to get certified as pregnant , so she could start her new life . 
 even joe had begun to act differently , strangely optimistic and in good humor . 
 brian relaxed a little during breakfast , as it was filled with laughs and smiles , of jess excitedly planning the future with iris , and joe feeling for the first time like a real father , with a prospering family . 
 that all changed when brian got back home . 
 he knew it from the instant he strode through the door . 
 it was quiet , filled with a profound silence that spoke of the death of hope . 
 he found his mother and father sitting on the old , worn sofa , staring absently at a blank tv screen . 
 he was loathe to break the silence , but needed to know what happened . 
 `` is dinner ready ? '' 
 he asked tentatively , waiting for his father 's hand to strike out like a coiled cobra . 
 but the instant his mother turned to look at him , he knew iris was dead . 
 jess ' eyes were puffy and worn , and crumpled tissues littered the floor around them . 
 `` what happened ?! '' 
 `` she 's sterile , '' spat joe . 
 `` she can never have children , so they executed her so she would n't drain the state 's resources . '' 
 he threw a piece of paper at brian , which outlined it all . 
 it also stated that jacob and mary would need to be brought in for thorough testing the next day , and if there were any abnormalities , they too would be euthanized . 
 `` apparently a lot of children are turning out like that , '' said jess wistfully . 
 `` i 've heard -- '' `` it just do n't make no fuckin ' sense ! '' 
 joe pounded his fist on the sofa , as jess cringed in fear . 
 he let out a low moan , and slowly staggered onto his feet , lumbering around like a bear roused from hibernation . 
 `` why 'd that doc ask us for lottment ? 
 i thought the meds were supposed to be paid for by the homestead ? '' 
 `` what are you saying , dad ? '' 
 `` i dunno , but it 's funny , that 's all . 
 your ma put out four kids , got another on the way , and her girl turns out to be broken ? 
 smells funny to me . '' 
 he leaned against a wall , and picked up a half-filled bottle of bourbon . 
 he took a long swig , downing half the contents in an instant . 
 `` ah well . 
 things was goin ' too good after all . '' 
 chapter 12 the battle on i-78 was a short one , as only one side had the guns . 
 the grunts made a valiant effort , charging relentlessly against the archetypes . 
 a few even got through , and tried to overwhelm them , but without a gun they were no match for the hormone-enhanced bodies of the archetypes . 
 the archetypes lived for violence , and within fifteen minutes , three hundred dead grunts littered the highway . 
 the deaconess though , was left standing . 
 she stood silently with her arms crossed , utterly defiant . 
 charlie walked briskly over to her . 
 `` looks like you 've lost . '' 
 they stood facing each other , lone figures in the enormity of the highway , with the sun beaming down on them both . 
 `` you should thank god for turning aside the rain , or you would 've lost too . '' 
 charlie nodded . 
 `` i should kill you now . '' 
 `` you do , and no matter what excuse you and your kind comes up with , every worker in the homestead will revolt . 
 and eventually , you wo n't have enough guns to stop us , for one way or another , we will bring your ` machine ' to a grinding halt . '' 
 charlie smiled at his mention of the machine . 
 `` who 's been feeding you information ? '' 
 the deaconess shook her head . 
 `` i do n't think you 'd like the answer . 
 now , i 'm gon na get in one of those buses , and head back . '' 
 `` you know , you 're gon na die one day soon . 
 then , all my problems will be over . '' 
 `` you ever heard the old saying about the devil you know ? 
 well , unlike you , my mortality has been on my mind . 
 and i have prepared for my passing . '' 
 suddenly , a wry smile graced her lips . 
 `` i wonder if the council has been preparing for their passing too ? 
 makes one wonder ... '' as she walked off and boarded a bus , a knot of fear gripped charlie , at hearing her words . 
 what could she mean by that ? 
 he watched as the bus ' engine sputtered and started , and she slowly pulled away , with several dozen archetypes forlornly pointing their guns in her direction . 
 she 's just a damned stupid bitch anyway . 
 what does she know ? 
 while the council remained in the submarine just in case another countdown should hit unexpectedly , charlie felt no need for such extreme measures . 
 when he first took over scott , he took his own precautions by installing a massive pool put in the center of the base . 
 scientists determined the ` wave of temporal displacement ' did n't permeate more than the first few inches of water , but he made the pool a consistent 20 foot deep . 
 then he converted a storage building into a series of suites for him and other homestead officials , and timed that it would take him exactly eight seconds to run from his bed to the pool , and dive in . 
 and it was in that bed he lay now , his arm around dawn , satisfied , gazing up into the ceiling . 
 `` lot on your mind ? '' 
 she asked delicately . 
 `` damned right -- damned right ! '' 
 he had just plowed the crap out of her , acting as if he was doing the deaconess instead of the young prototype . 
 he had taken a liking to dawn when she was thirteen , and it took him a full year to get over his persistent morality about child abuse . 
 it 's a new age , he told himself , over and over . 
 this is it . 
 either i stick it to one of the old hags or i get over it and sleep with one of the children . 
 if i do n't get with one soon , then they 're gon na think i 'm some damned queer , and not even all my bravado will help me then . 
 the first time he slept with her , she cried , and it almost tore his soul apart . 
 how can i feel this pain with her , he thought to himself , after he was done , and yet know i will blow up the sub with the entire council on board , and start a civil war if necessary to get what i want ? 
 each time he lay with her he felt a little easier , pretended it was someone else , someone older . 
 the few times he tried to enjoy her for herself , take delight in her body , he almost vomited , and decided never to do it again . 
 but she was good at listening . 
 it was like speaking to a little sister , when they were done . 
 she would put her arm around his wide chest , lay her head in the crook of his arm , and just listen . 
 she never judged , never tried to take advantage of him , or press him for a deeper commitment . 
 she just ` was , ' and he greatly appreciated her for that . 
 he let out a long sigh , and turned to look in her eyes . 
 `` she does n't know what she 's doing . 
 i mean , stirring up the grunts ? 
 all she can do is lose ! 
 we have the guns , we have the training ! 
 we have access to the weapons of war , and the will to use them . 
 every single archetype is waiting , begging to fight something ! 
 and if she keeps on pressing , that 's just what she 'll get . '' 
 she rubbed his chest with her hand , and he moaned in pleasure , as she lay her head back down on his chest . 
 `` how 'd you know i like that ? '' 
 she smiled coyly . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just ... know you . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 guess you do . '' 
 `` so ... now that you 've got eve , when 's the launch ? '' 
 `` three weeks . '' 
 he gazed absently at the ceiling , enjoying her hand on his chest . 
 `` i need to get a few more things , in preparation for what comes after the launch . 
 i 'm leaving day after tomorrow , to bring in some ... heavy machinery . '' 
 she grinned wildly . 
 `` is n't the ` machine ' big enough ? '' 
 `` not quite , not quite . 
 one can never be too careful . 
 the second you let down your guard , the second you trust too much , is the second the knife is plunged into your back . '' 
 she kissed along his cheek . 
 `` how did you get like this ? '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` all ... suspicious . '' 
 `` you do n't wan na know . '' 
 she pouted , and sighed a little . 
 `` if not me , then who ? '' 
 the one thing he did hate was how she pressed him to learn more about himself . 
 she never asked for details about the machine , or who would be killed when , or how he would affect the coup . 
 but she did press for him to speak about himself . 
 and the part he hated most is that she always won , and he always spoke . 
 `` i do n't know ... i wish i could tell you some story about some childhood thing , some trauma , but that just is n't the case . 
 i had a good childhood , with a good mother and father who both loved me . 
 my father was always taking apart stuff , and one time he even invented something , that got the money so i could go to college . '' 
 `` so , i guess everything went along fine , until the day before countdown . 
 i was a lot for some people to handle , but my mind always got me out of whatever jam my body got me into . 
 then , it hit , and the instant it did , i knew . 
 i could almost feel all those people die . 
 they all rolled over , and took it , lying down , not fighting back . 
 well , i just could n't ! 
 i had enough of following the orders of lesser men , and i was n't about to give my life for someone who did n't know any better . 
 in that minute , i decided . 
 i took control of my own destiny , and i was determined never again to let anyone else decide where i would be , what i would do , or when i would die . 
 this world will never exist being governed by committee . 
 it needs a dictator , someone absolutely unshakable in his convictions , to drag along everyone else into the future . '' 
 `` and you 're that man ? '' 
 `` honestly ? 
 no . '' 
 he clenched his fists and stared at the ceiling , feeling naked for the first time in his life . 
 he always knew the answer to the question she asked , but this was the first time he admitted it to anyone . 
 `` as much as i 'd like to be , i 'm merely a transitional element . 
 a bridge , between what was , and what will be . 
 no , he or she who will follow in my footsteps will have learned my lessons , and will know how this world is to be handled . 
 that 's why i spend so much time with you prototypes and archetypes . 
 i 'm waiting to see which of you will break out of the pack , show me something special . '' 
 she held her breath , knowing what he shared was something he never shared with anyone else . 
 `` and ... the deaconess ? '' 
 `` threatens to take the teeth out of us , to make us in some mirror image of the false morality in her soul . 
 she covets power as much as i do , but she hides behind the words of the creator . 
 the world she would create would n't be a proud one , but one where everyone would be abased in front of her . 
 she has no desire for progress . 
 she wants stasis , for her will to keep us motionless and trapped in her thrall . '' 
 dawn mounted him again , and then leaned down to kiss him deeply , her hair spilling over his face . 
 `` but you 'll show her . '' 
 he grabbed her hips and started a slow , building rhythm with their bodies . 
 damned right ... the next day , the council was positively livid when they called charlie back . 
 they heard about the slaughter of the grunts , heard the furor from the deaconess , and demanded answers . 
 he thought about taking frank along , but knew he would be too tempted to finish them all , and frank would be too eager . 
 even now , as he walked past the archetypes guarding the subs , he could see the need to murder in their eyes , their absolute devotion to him . 
 why do i wait ? 
 he often asked himself that question , more so now that almost all archetypes and prototypes had openly pledged their allegiance to him . 
 i could give the word , and it would all be wiped clean . 
 he paused , glancing up into the nighttime sky . 
 high above , a faint glimmer could be seen -- one of the watchers . 
 is it them ? 
 do i wait , because i do n't want them to think we 're all war and no peace ? 
 part of me feels like we just went through the flood , and for whatever perverted reason , we few that survived are the modern day children of noah . 
 but while god promised there would be no other flood , we 've never received such a promise from whatever did this to us . 
 i feel like , sometimes , they 're waiting to see how we 'll do , if we 'll pick up the pieces and move on . 
 and i feel like i 'm back in the navy , and i 've got ta be a good boy , at least until i know what the real deal is . 
 `` are you to be all about war ?! '' 
 davis yelled at charlie , his face going red . 
 he had been yelling at him for the past hour , and charlie thought he should probably stop , or he 'd burst a blood vessel or something . 
 finally , he had enough . 
 `` who else is going to be about war ? '' 
 demanded charlie angrily , pacing back and forth . 
 `` do you know what 's going on around the world ? 
 well i have some clue . 
 i hear rumors of forces massing in china , of the resurrection of the planes and tanks and warships . 
 this has been like a giant stalemate , with all the players knocked senseless to the floor . 
 well , whichever one rises first , whichever one can make a fist , will be the one to control the world from here on out . '' 
 `` we ca n't be about war , '' pleaded sou-lin . 
 `` life is hard enough , without making it even harder on the souls of our people . 
 you say everyone is knocked on the floor ? 
 then why ca n't it be the first person to extend a hand of help and forgiveness , will be the one to set the tone for the future ? 
 why do you need to think on all that is perverted and sinful and violent , and not have hope ? '' 
 charlie 's lips twisted into a sneer . 
 `` you say that , with full knowledge of what we have done to the archetypes ? 
 to the prototypes ? 
 to the entire year four of our civilization , locked away , breeding animals from where humans should be ? '' 
 `` they are necessary evils , and -- '' `` and so is this ! '' 
 shouted charlie . 
 `` we need more soldiers than cleaners , for in times of peace , soldiers can clean just as well . 
 we need to make a race of strength , not morally upright pillows fit only to be the bedding for those of greatness ! '' 
 davis was about to speak , when he suddenly broke out in a peal of laughter , one that shocked charlie in how uncharacteristic it was for him . 
 `` what kind of analogy is that ? 
 ` pillows fit only to be the bedding for those of greatness ? ' 
 oh my ... '' the council slowly burst out in genial laughter , diffusing the tension , and even charlie smiled , and let down his guard , suddenly feeling the time was right for some candor . 
 `` you know your time is short right , davis ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i see it in your eyes . '' 
 `` then let me tell you , i am waiting to see it in the eyes of the prototypes . 
 i hunger for that soul who finally shows a spark of independence and leadership ! 
 i need to know that there will be someone to carry on , to push hard , to give up the pleasantries of life , and commit to the resurrection of america ! '' 
 `` you mean , the resurrection of the human race , '' asked davis . 
 `` no , i mean america ! '' 
 snapped charlie angrily . 
 `` the human race be damned -- i am a patriot , through and through ! 
 we have a greatness within us that transcends our species ; a knowledge of our place in the history of this world that can not , will not be denied . '' 
 he stood before them , a frenetic fire in his eyes that struck a chord of fear in all those seated to witness . 
 `` you worry me , charlie . 
 more than even the prospect of another countdown , you worry me . '' 
 `` do i ? 
 with me , you know that the homestead will never die . 
 no matter what , it will go on and on , and will thrive , and grow , and even if there is another damned countdown , we of the homestead will press on , undaunted by the damned watchers , unperturbed by the stinking deaconesses of this world ! 
 i think it 's time you decided how you will die , and what you will be remembered for . '' 
 charlie stormed out of the room , leaving the council in a shattered silence . 
 davis leaned over to sou-lin . 
 `` what of the actuals ? 
 are they close to being ready ? '' 
 `` not close enough . '' 
 chapter 13 brian thought about staying home from scott , away from friends who might ask the wrong question or touch on the rawest nerve , but he decided he would rather go there than spend the day alone with his parents . 
 he got on the bus , as usual , and within minutes the old man came and sat next to him . 
 `` hello there , young man ! '' 
 he was obnoxiously chipper , and for the first time , brian wanted to forcibly make him shut up . 
 `` where 's your sister ? '' 
 brian gazed abstractedly out the window . 
 `` you know , i saw a bird the other day . '' 
 the old man paused , the smile still hanging on his face while confusion consumed his mind , for lack of something better to do . 
 `` a bird ? 
 really ? 
 are you sure ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 me and one of my friends saw it at scott . 
 it was blue and white , and it flew away ... '' `` well , yes , i suppose there are a few coming back . '' 
 `` where do they come from ? '' 
 the old man gazed perplexedly at brian . 
 `` where 's your sister ? '' 
 brian let out a long sigh , almost a whimper . 
 `` dead . '' 
 the old man whistled , and patted him on the knee . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 so , so sorry . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` she had sex , then found out she was sterile . 
 the doctor ... killed her . '' 
 `` why 'd he kill her for that ? '' 
 `` the official paper said she would be a drain on the resources of the homestead . 
 my dad thinks the doctor wanted a payoff . '' 
 the old man nodded to himself . 
 `` i 've heard some rumors , yes i have . '' 
 `` what have you heard ? 
 the old man took a whiff from his canister of air . 
 `` well , -- and this is just hearsay , mind you , but the doctors have slowly been getting more and more power . 
 they are the final arbiters of life and death . 
 it is they who decide who gets medicine ; they who decides whom to operate on . 
 medical care may be a provision guaranteed by the charter of the homestead , but the quality of that care is completely up to the doctors . 
 did you know that no one can contest a doctor 's decision ? 
 no one can bring charges against a doctor ? 
 well , the doctors are getting a little tired of living in a house next to corpse removers , driving the same car as them , eating the same food . 
 so they have started demanding extra , and we are n't in any position to refuse . '' 
 `` but my dad did n't know ! '' 
 cried brian . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 i hate to sound harsh , but doctors do n't really want to go around killing healthy children . 
 they only do it as a last resort , only to make a point . 
 you 're one of the prototypes -- i can tell . 
 i 'm sure your father has stuff to bargain with , i 'm sure the doc knows that . '' 
 brian sat back , thinking . 
 `` dad 's no damned saint . 
 he trades in my extra food , and so does mom . 
 if they wanted to , iris would still be alive . '' 
 the old man patted him on his knee . 
 `` it 's best not to dwell on things you ca n't change . '' 
 `` but ... i can . 
 or at least , the time is coming when i will be able to change things . '' 
 the old man nodded . 
 `` i have a lot of things to tell you , my boy , my young ` alexander , ' who dreams of taking over the world , for all the little peoples ' benefit ! 
 why do n't you come by my house ? 
 i can give you a great deal of information . '' 
 `` why ? 
 why do this for me ? '' 
 a wrinkled , simple smile graced the old man 's aged face . 
 `` ` cause i like you . 
 i think you have a compassion that the other young shits do n't . 
 so stay on for one more stop . 
 i do n't live far from the station . 
 it 'll probably only make you late an hour or so . '' 
 brian looked out the window . 
 a crop duster was flying low , spraying petrolatum over the grey fields in a vain attempt to keep the water in . 
 `` yeah , i 'll do it . '' 
 the old man led him to a house just over a five minute walk from the station . 
 it was small , and cramped , but brian knew the old man was lucky to get even that , as he seemed to have no special skills , nor any children . 
 `` come on in , come in ! '' 
 cried the old man , as they passed through the door . 
 `` you 've got a laptop , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i 've got about a dozen dvds filled with information . '' 
 `` what kind ? '' 
 `` i know every member of the homestead council . 
 i know all that they 've done in the past ! 
 i even have records of the naughty things they 've done now . 
 and you asked about that bird ? 
 well , that is a very tasty secret indeed . 
 come on , it 's all in the basement . 
 i keep it tucked away , just in case . '' 
 they passed through a large room filled with shelves overflowing with books . 
 brian paused to gaze at their titles . 
 plato : the republic . 
 hume : an enquiry concerning human understanding . 
 `` you like philosophy ? '' 
 the old man paused , standing next to brian , a gentle twinkle in his wrinkled eyes . 
 `` i 've always been a philosopher ! 
 i need to know how the human mind works , need to understand our motivations , our desires . 
 to me , it is the philosopher that is the soul , the conscience of humanity , challenging him to do more , shining a spotlight into the murky doubt of man . '' 
 brian stood a moment longer , looking over the immense wealth of knowledge . 
 his eyes fell on a gilt plaque that bore a picture of the old man as a precocious child , and his name . 
 it began with a ` k , ' but he could n't figure out how to pronounce it . 
 he passed over it , amazed at the quantity of books before him . 
 `` they do n't teach philosophy at the academy . '' 
 the old man nodded . 
 `` and that is a shame . 
 how will anyone question their actions ? 
 what will govern those who govern ? 
 it all needs to be written down , in black and white , if any code of ethics is to be followed . 
 man is a tempestuous , passionate beast , which must be reigned in if society is to survive . 
 the philosopher is the bravest of all human creation , for it is he that must stand against the knife , against the gun , armed only with his mind and his mouth , to tame the beasts that circle around him . 
 come -- there is n't much time . '' 
 the old man led him to a small , white door , with paint chipping off . 
 something inside brian balked at going through the door , even after the old man opened it and invited him in . 
 `` what 're you waiting for ? 
 oh , did you know ` bout the archetypes ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he grinned with glee . 
 `` i 've got schematics of the device they 've got installed in their brains ! '' 
 `` a device ? '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , how else do you think the homestead has kept a bunch of teenagers in line ? 
 it 's a device that releases a small amount of thc , a cannabinoid , every time they come in contact with one of your group . 
 it gives them a slight high , and ensures loyalty to the ruling class . '' 
 he motioned brian down the steps . 
 `` now come on -- you have n't got much time . '' 
 absolute loyalty ? 
 he thought back to gustav , how eager he seemed to please brian . 
 i ... control them ? 
 it was all that was needed to convince brian to go down the steps into the darkness . 
 and as he started down the stairs , the old man locked it behind . 
 `` go ahead , young man . 
 i 'll get the light switch . '' 
 the instant he flipped on the switch , about twenty old , wrinkled men could be seen standing around the perimeter of the room . 
 their eyes bulged , their mouths twisted in evil grins . 
 `` what the -- '' they were on him in an instant , grabbing his arms and legs , pulling him down to the floor . 
 while he would have been able to fight off two or three , he was powerless against their combined strength . 
 they dragged him over to a bench , made him bend over , then shackled his hands before him , and his feet behind . 
 the old man stood in front of brian , who now managed to look up . 
 `` what are you doing ?! '' 
 he cackled with laughter . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 i thought it was the most hilarious thing , when you thought i wanted your sister . 
 all boobs and no brains ? 
 i think not . 
 me and my friends like something ... firmer . '' 
 brian could feel his pants being pulled down , along with his underwear . 
 he squirmed to try to stop them , anything to hold onto his clothes , but the hands that pulled were bony and strong , and would not be denied . 
 `` stop ! 
 i thought ... i thought you were someone to trust -- a man of the mind ! '' 
 `` i am of the mind , my dear boy , '' he said , as he unbuckled his belt . 
 `` i have many needs , many desires , many dreams ! 
 it is the strong who uses , or abuses the weak , and you just did n't see my strength . '' 
 they all laughed around him , and he could feel their wrinkled hands run up and down his legs . 
 `` scream , my boy , scream as loud as you like ! 
 no one can hear you , down here . 
 now do n't worry , we 're not gon na kill you . 
 and what i said was true -- you 'll be able to go back to work in little over an hour . 
 but as for that hour , well , we do have some definite plans . '' 
 chapter 14 dawn held her head up high as she walked up the steps into the first resurrection church . 
 while in her heart she knew that anytime one walked into a house of the lord , one 's spirit should be uplifted , she felt only misery now at whom she would find inside . 
 but she pressed on , through the massive wooden doors , through the narthex , down the side aisle of the nave , past the dozens of grunts who even without the deaconess still sat on bended knee , their hands clasped together as they murmured short , cumbersome prayers , begging the lord to change their lot in life . 
 she went through a small door to the side of the altar , and down a set of dark , tight steps , to a series of small rooms below in the sacristy . 
 `` dawn -- is that you ? '' 
 chirped an excited voice from below . 
 dawn gritted her teeth , and resigned herself to the next few moments of misery . 
 `` yes , pamela . '' 
 she stood in the tight hallway , her body limp , listening as she heard small , eager footsteps racing towards her . 
 `` oh my -- do n't you look pretty ! '' 
 the deaconess kissed her gently on the lips , a kiss dawn did n't reciprocate . 
 she merely kept her face as stone , tolerating the slimy moistness that pressed on her . 
 `` oh , when will you give in , my dear thing ? 
 ah well , i suppose one ca n't have everything , or everyone . 
 if nothing else , the lord teaches us that . 
 come on , come on ! '' 
 she grabbed dawn 's hand , and dragged her back to the small room the deaconess used as a study . 
 it was cramped , with only enough room for a desk , a chair , a tall bookcase , and a narrow cot pressed against the wall that still reeked of sex . 
 `` so ... tell me ... how did things go ? '' 
 `` he 's leaving . 
 tomorrow he flies out to take care of some business . '' 
 `` and ... what would that be ? '' 
 `` he did n't say , and the conversation did n't flow in that direction . '' 
 pamela shrugged . 
 `` well , you would know best . 
 i have never met someone with so great a command of conversational and listening skills . '' 
 she almost licked her lips as she drank in dawn 's silent , youthful form . 
 `` so , any more secrets about our arch-nemesis ? 
 any psychological weapons we can use against him ? '' 
 `` not much . 
 i learned charlie only decided to seek power when the countdown happened . 
 prior to that , he was n't a model solider , but he came from a wealthy family , and seems to be yet another sloth from the faded world of decadence . '' 
 the deaconess nodded . 
 `` i can see it . 
 but ... what keeps him going ? 
 why is he so single-minded ? '' 
 `` he is seeking another to take over -- one of the prototypes . 
 he 's waiting to see which one will show leadership qualities . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` he knows that he wo n't last forever , and that this new world needs someone young to take it over . '' 
 `` so ... he sees himself as something temporary ? '' 
 `` i believe so . 
 it seems that he also believes not in the human race , but in the fictitious ` america , ' that he wants only our people to succeed , to rule over all . '' 
 the deaconess nodded , putting together the pieces of the puzzle . 
 `` i see it now ! 
 he never seemed the type to want to sit on a throne and tell people what to do . 
 he just wants as many toys as he can get , as many women as he can have , and to be left alone . 
 any idea who the best prospects are ? '' 
 `` he mentioned none , and other than the crew of enterprise , i know of no other standouts . '' 
 the deaconess nodded to herself . 
 `` then when we attack , that ship and its crew must be our priority . 
 `` '' when ? '' 
 the deaconess rubbed her hands together , smiling a toothy grin . 
 `` tomorrow night . 
 charlie will be far enough away that he 'll be unable to help , and the base will be relaxed , celebrating how well everything went with him . '' 
 she took out a cigarette and quickly lit it , then took a long drag , venting a cloud of smoke . 
 `` how they worship him -- it utterly sickens me ! 
 well , i 'll need to get our force mobilized , and get weapons passed out . 
 can you be off scott tomorrow ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 there 's nothing planned that i need to be part of . '' 
 `` good , good . 
 you 've never told me , why are you doing this ? '' 
 pamela took another long drag off her cigarette , feeding herself the courage to ask the question that long percolated on her lips . 
 `` when you came to me , with your command of the scripture , i knew you to be a true believer . 
 but you 've shown no interest in me , '' she said , with pouting lips , `` and told me of no ambitions for power . 
 why are you doing this ? '' 
 `` because there will come a time that the world will follow the true word of god . '' 
 `` and ... what about me ? 
 when i take over the homestead ? 
 wo n't they then ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you are self-serving , and only desire power and sex . '' 
 the deaconess ' lips curled into a sneer . 
 `` ever the honest little bitch , are n't you ? 
 so , you think me to be something temporary ? 
 some passing storm that you can wait out ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and what if you were to be killed after all this happens ? '' 
 `` i wo n't be . 
 as you have me inside scott , so i have hundreds of followers inside here . 
 they may give you their bodies , let you ravage them , but their minds belong to the lord . 
 and they know only i represent the lord truly . '' 
 pamela came close , itching to break this young , arrogant body standing defiantly before her . 
 `` why have n't you stopped me before now ? '' 
 `` because you serve a useful purpose . 
 because the lord works through all kinds of people . 
 because you 've done some good work , and deserve these last moments of greatness in your life . 
 you 're old , pamela , and wo n't last long after this revolt . 
 i wo n't trouble you while you still live , and neither will i hasten your death . 
 but do not stand in the way of my ascension . 
 it will happen , whether you like it or not . '' 
 dawn stood , and for a moment the deaconess saw someone else in front of her , someone shrouded in darkness , someone even to be feared . 
 then , a wide smile spread across her lips . 
 `` damn i want you , '' she grumbled in a low voice . 
 `` damned charlie for being able to have you . '' 
 dawn replied firmly and confidently ; `` he has never had me . 
 he has had my body , but never my soul . 
 in the eyes of the lord , i am still a virgin , for what i have done with my body has been in his service . '' 
 the deaconess watched her leave , and then sat back in her chair , taking another hard drag off her cigarette . 
 damned she is n't some kind of fucked up . 
 chapter 15 brian made it into scott about an hour and a half late . 
 he stopped by the showers , and then sat through a class before lunch was called . 
 he did n't get anything , could n't bring himself to stomach any food , or deal with the innocuous teasing that was an integral part to life on scott . 
 instead , he went over to gustav , who was sitting with other archetypes . 
 `` can i speak to you ? '' 
 gustav quickly got out of his chair , and brian led him to a corner of the cafeteria . 
 `` i need someone killed . '' 
 gustav nodded , with a smile creeping over his face . 
 `` how badly ? '' 
 `` very badly . 
 i need him killed , and his home destroyed . '' 
 gustav nodded again , with an even wider smile . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` tomorrow morning . 
 he is hiding citizens in the basement of his house . 
 i need them brought out , executed , and i need him to load the bodies , like you did with those who attacked me before . 
 then , he is to be executed . '' 
 gustav laughed out loud . 
 `` nothing would make me happier ! '' 
 suddenly , his expression turned serious and grim . 
 `` you know , you have a warning against you from the homestead . '' 
 brian sighed . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` you need to take care of that -- tonight . 
 i do n't need a doc 's note for proof -- i 'll trust in your word . 
 but you need to do it tonight . '' 
 brian nodded . 
 he turned to leave , when gustav stopped him . 
 `` i 'd also like a favor from you . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` you 're scheduled to go up on eve , to the watchers ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 gustav 's eyes bored into brian with an intensity he found unnerving . 
 `` i 'd like you to stay . '' 
 the strength almost all faded from his limbs . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` we are ... conditioned , to take orders from you prototypes . 
 but some of you are better at it than others . 
 i can tell you have more compassion than others . 
 i know you 're trained to command , but while others would use us as expendable bodies , you would think twice before making us senselessly risk our lives . '' 
 brian thought for a moment , on giving up his dream . 
 but the faces and laughter of the old men were all he could see and hear . 
 `` yes . '' 
 gustav grabbed his arm , as he tried to leave again . 
 `` i need you to promise this . 
 on your honor , you will stay . '' 
 brian nodded . 
 `` i promise , on my honor , i will stay . '' 
 gustav saluted him . 
 `` we are at your command . '' 
 rape is not a crime ... rape is not a crime ... rape is not a crime ... brian got in a car , and drove up a road he had driven hundreds of times before . 
 through fiercest duststorm , through thickest snow and rain , through the dead of night he had driven that path , always with a joy in his heart and lightness of spirit . 
 the car was one he kept about a mile from his house , in a garage to which only he had the key . 
 more than that , he always kept the starter in a secret spot , so no one would ever move it . 
 he loved this car -- it was red , thick , and had an engine that made him feel like a man every time he started it up . 
 tonight , the car raced at full bore , the engine growling in the moonlight , dust billowing in its wake . 
 rape is not a crime ... rape is not a crime ... rape is not a crime ... around one bend , then another , he pushed the machine relentlessly , trying to channel his anger and fear , frustration and humiliation into the leather-clad wheel , through the metal pedal under his feet . 
 but it was just a car , a machine made of steel , aluminum , leather and rubber , and was unable to siphon off any of those emotions . 
 the car screeched to a halt , one block from the place it had always gone to . 
 it was used only for this trip -- to her home , back from her home . 
 tonight it sat , the engine rumbling , the steering wheel gripped tightly as its lone occupant sat and stared at the home up ahead . 
 rape is not a crime ... rape is not a crime ... rape is not a crime ... the pedal was pressed , the machine moved on . 
 brian got home late again , and he stood outside the door of his home , thinking . 
 why do i even go back in there ? 
 without iris , it feels ... it 's just awful . 
 he sat on the steps out front , pulling up his mask , putting on his goggles as another dust storm was whipping up . 
 it clouded the sky , obscuring any and all light from falling . 
 why did this happen to me ? 
 why did n't those old men do that to someone else ? 
 god , i feel so dirty , so dirty i 'll never be able to wash it all offa me , ever . 
 he avoided the eyes of his friends all through the rest of the day , knowing they would be able to see right through him , know what was done to him . 
 it hurt when he sat , and every time he felt the pain , he wanted to cower into a ball and cry . 
 but something in him was broken , and had grown cold and hard , and a part of him knew he would never cry again . 
 he opened the door , and found his father was waiting in the darkness . 
 `` i told you about getting home late , boy ! '' 
 his father wound up his hand to strike him , but brian stood in the doorframe , unmoving , his eyes gleaming like black pearls . 
 `` what ? 
 you think you 're better than me ?! '' 
 `` i know i 'm better than you . '' 
 in an instant , brian let loose all the anger , all the frustration stored in him over the years . 
 he punched his father in his gut , and then brought his fist down across his face . 
 his father tried to stand and strike out , but brian brought up his right arm and punched him repeatedly in his mid-section . 
 while he may not have liked to use physical force , all prototypes were trained in the methods of physical combat , so they would know what they would order the archetypes to do . 
 his father groaned and spat blood , but brian could see nothing but fury . 
 he threw his father down onto the floor , and kicked him once in his head with his boots . 
 he groaned , moaned with pain , but brian got on his knees and let loose his fists , breaking ribs . 
 then his father made a sickly , gurgling sound . 
 it took brian completely by surprise , this sound of impending death , and it scared him like nothing else in his life . 
 he let go of his father and scurried away , letting loose tears that he never thought he would feel again . 
 his father coughed a few times , after finally sitting up . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` what ?! '' 
 cried brian , never , ever hearing those words out of his father 's mouth . 
 `` i 'm sorry , son . 
 i 've been an awful father to you . '' 
 brian rushed over , and gripped his father 's wide frame with his arms , pressing the life back into him . 
 joe let out a long sigh , then coughed some more , spitting blood . 
 brian wiped it off with his sleeve . 
 `` i 'm supposed to be old , son , supposed to be losing my spirit and strength , but i ca n't ! 
 i see on the damned tv all those other old men going soft , going sentimental , as whatever 's inside them goes quiet , but in me it still roars ! 
 oh , how it roars ... i want to fight , i want to kill ! 
 i want to fuck so many women i could cry . 
 i have this seventeen-year-old mind in a sixty-seven-year-old body . 
 i wan na drive off , run away , be free , and i ca n't , because this old body wo n't let me . '' 
 joe took a deep breath , his face contorting in a grimace of pain and regret . 
 `` i should n't hate you , son , but i do . 
 i hate all of you ! 
 i hate how you will all sweep us aside , push us down , and take it all over . 
 i see the same look on every single damned kid i work with . 
 they all look like they want to jump me and rip me apart and the man in me wants to fight ! 
 the man in me wants to tear them apart -- teach them a lesson , but my bones ache and my eyes are foggy and i wheeze when i run . '' 
 `` oh , dad . '' 
 joe started to cry . 
 `` you know , i could 've saved iris ! 
 i was so damned stupid . 
 that fucking prick of a doctor and his smug little smile , soaking everything out of all of us . 
 as if it is n't bad enough all you kids wan na kill us , we hafta have our own kind doin ' it too ? 
 so i said no , and next thing , iris was bein ' dragged out the back by those crater-faced punks . '' 
 he grabbed onto brian 's shirt , gazing into brian 's eyes , with a mournful , pleading look . 
 `` i begged him , son , i begged him ! 
 me , down on my knees , sobbing , begging him to let her go , shouting at him that i 'd pay any price , but he just laughed . 
 he laughed , and they shot her , and she fell , so softly , without even crying , without even begging . '' 
 he sagged in brian 's arms like a sack of flour . 
 `` it was my pride that killed her , son . 
 i 've lost her , just as i 've lost you . '' 
 he wiped the tears from his father 's eyes . 
 `` you have n't lost me , dad ! 
 i 'm here , and i wo n't go away . '' 
 `` you 've got that space thing , and -- '' `` i 've made a promise , father , one i intend to keep . 
 i will be staying here , and making some people pay . '' 
 joe glanced up into his son 's eyes , and saw the death staring back . 
 and the man within himself howled with glee , that somehow , someway , the vengeance he wished to exact would be paid . 
 he reached up , and drew brian 's face close , and said , with a wildness in his eyes and a maniacal smile ; `` make ` em suffer , son -- make ` em all suffer ! '' 
 chapter 16 brian got on the bus , as he usually did . 
 and as usually happened , the old man came and sat next to him . 
 `` well , did n't expect to see you again ! '' 
 he put his hand on brian 's knee , and gave it a gentle squeeze . 
 `` but , i suppose you 've got ta go to work , and there 's no other way for you to get there . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` well , i hope there 's no hard feelings . 
 ooops -- did n't mean to make a funny ! '' 
 he smiled and chuckled to himself . 
 `` it 's just that us old folks do n't get to have much fun , and we 're just kids at heart . 
 why , i might be seventy-two , but i 'm really just thirty ! 
 i would be going out to parties , doing dome drugs , drinkin ' , and gettin ' with every tight piece of ass i could see ! 
 but no tight pieces of asses want anything to do with me or my friends . 
 besides , we 'll be gone soon . '' 
 he paused for a moment , looking at brian . 
 `` what 's wrong , young man ? 
 you ai n't sayin ' much . '' 
 `` i 'm coming with you to your house again . '' 
 the old man 's face lit up with a grin the size of the sun . 
 `` i knew it ! 
 i knew you liked it -- i could tell that whole time ! '' 
 he snuggled close to brian , and ran his hand over brian 's chest . 
 `` oh my , we 're gon na have such a good time ! 
 and if you like , we can tie up one of my friends and make’em suffer -- they 'd really love it ! '' 
 the bus came to a stop , and brian walked with the old man who could barely control his drooling . 
 as they rounded the corner leading to his house , a contingent of archetypes could be seen standing at attention outside the old man 's house . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 an archetype came out of a shadow , his weapon leveled at the old man . 
 `` do n't move ! 
 raise your hands ! '' 
 `` what 's going on , young man ? 
 what 're they doing ? '' 
 brian shoved him to the archetype . 
 `` i 'm gon na have a little fun , now . '' 
 the archetype searched him , and then pushed him towards the house . 
 as they got there , more archetypes could be seen herding a group of old men out from the house . 
 `` what ... what are you doing ?! '' 
 `` be silent ! '' 
 shouted brian , as he slashed into the old man 's stomach with his hand . 
 the old man coughed , and began to shake , fumbling for his canister of air , which brian took great delight in slapping out of his hands . 
 gustav came up to brian . 
 `` ready , sir ! '' 
 `` then execute . '' 
 `` take aim ! '' 
 all the archetypes raised their weapons , as the old men began to beg and plead . 
 a few of them fell to their knees , or staggered forward , shouting and crying , screaming to be let go . 
 `` brian ! '' 
 shouted the old man , `` you wan na know where that bird came from ? 
 do you really wan na know ?! '' 
 `` not really . 
 not now . '' 
 brian nodded at gustav , who brought down his hand . 
 `` fire ! '' 
 they all fell in an instant , the wall behind them stained with flesh and blood . 
 the old man stood near brian cried in shock , his pants now wet with the contents of his bladder and the hot , runny excrement from his bowels . 
 `` now , load them onto the truck , '' ordered brian of the old man . 
 `` load them all ! '' 
 a pick-up was brought around , as the old man gazed at brian , shell-shocked . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` just do it ! '' 
 yelled gustav , as he shoved the old man forward . 
 as the old man lifted the bodies of his fallen friends , he started to ramble to himself . 
 brian could n't help but listen , no matter how much he hated him . 
 `` yeah , guess this is what it comes to . 
 dead at the hands of others . 
 we lived this long , beating out the mighty countdown , sacrificing our lives to build a better future , only to have the very instrument we brought back to life , cut us down . 
 what a terrible irony ! 
 i always wondered what that word had to do with ironing . '' 
 about half the bodies were loaded , and he panted under the brilliant sun , sweat drenching his clothes . 
 the archetypes laughed at the sight of such a pathetic creature , until gustav motioned them to silence . 
 `` move it ! '' 
 yelled brian , `` we have n't got all day ! '' 
 an archetype fired a bullet at the old man 's feet , making him jerk up as if dancing a jig . 
 he bent down , and went back to pulling the bodies to the truck , still mumbling to himself . 
 `` yeah , i sure could dance . 
 i remember when i still played with women , in school , how pretty it all was ! 
 all the paper and flowers and dresses . 
 all the young bodies smiling and pressing close , not caring what was going on outside , not seeing , or knowing that all ... this ... would come . 
 then , going out into the night air , hearing a few ... brian ! '' 
 he stopped , dropping the last of the bodies next to the truck . 
 `` do you know where the birds come from ?! 
 did you hear of the plague that happened five years ago ?! 
 that 's when they took ` em . 
 when the homestead finally had the chemicals , and the will , to do what needed to be done . '' 
 he broke down , and knelt on the ground . 
 `` and it was with these hands that i helped them . '' 
 gustav stepped forward , raising his gun , but brian held him back , and bid him to retreat , just out of earshot . 
 `` the only way to bring back the frozen embryos of all the animals we needed was to put them into a body . 
 we tried with the dolphins , with the whales , but just could n't make it work . 
 then someone had the bright idea of putting an inseminated pig embryo into a human woman , one that was injured and in a deep coma . 
 we pumped her with every anti-viral imaginable , forced her body to adapt , not to reject the foreign , disgusting birth inside her , and it actually worked ! 
 she was mother nature incarnate , in fact , we even named her , and all that came after her , the eingana ! '' 
 `` so we came up with the plague , and stole every child born that year . 
 there is a facility , on beaver island , filled with the thirteen year olds , the missing generation , tied down and drugged up , and forced to bring back the animals of this world . '' 
 he stared hard at brian . 
 `` that is where your birds come from -- the eingana , sentenced to a lifetime of abominable birth for the race of men . 
 from them come your pigs , your cows , your sheep , your birds , your snakes -- everything we had an embryo of , we have put into the wombs of those little girls , and made them carry it to term . 
 i did n't lie to you , brian ; i have much information on the homestead . 
 only problem is , i 'm an integral part of it . '' 
 brian nodded to gustav , who came back and fired another shot at the old man 's feet . 
 `` alright , alright . '' 
 he lifted the last body onto the truck . 
 `` guess i deserve it . 
 but do n't you think i deserve the young pretties of my own , deserve some recompense , other than the nightmares and guilt that have hung over me ever since ? 
 to see the world reborn , in the bowels of the enslaved ?! 
 to have to live with -- '' `` enough ! '' 
 shouted brian . 
 `` now , come here ! '' 
 the old man came over , his clothes stained with blood , his face covered in tears and mucus . 
 brian turned to gustav . 
 `` this man is guilty of the heinous sin of homosexuality . 
 he does not deserve the bullet , rather , he deserves the blade ! '' 
 gustav smiled , as he pulled out his knife . 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 the old man staggered back , terror gripping his soul . 
 `` even after ... all i told you ! 
 even after ... i know you liked it ! 
 i know you did ! '' 
 gustav advanced , and the old man 's eyes were transfixed by his blade , regarding the instrument of his doom . 
 `` i 'll be on your conscience , young man ! 
 maybe not on the minds of these ... animals , but -- '' suddenly , gustav plunged forward , striking deep in the old man 's side . 
 `` damn ! 
 i gave my life ... gave my soul , for humanity ! '' 
 the other archetypes drew their blades , and advanced on him , but his eyes were focused only on gustav 's blade which now dripped with his own blood . 
 brian sat on the ground , his arms around his legs , and smiled as they patiently played with the old man , tossing him back and forth , cutting deep , but not so deep that their fun would evaporate too quickly . 
 finally , the old man collapsed onto his knees , as the archetypes closed in around him . 
 `` what ... what is this ? 
 who lives ... who -- '' the archetypes pressed in , hacking into skin and limb , until there was very little left to go onto the truck . 
 gustav wiped his blade on his pants , and came next to brian , who now stood in the light of the rising moon , his eyes distant and vacant . 
 `` is our work done ? '' 
 `` no , '' answered brian , with a thin smile . 
 `` our work has just begun . 
 formation ! '' 
 the fifty archetypes ran and formed three short lines in front of him , with gustav in the lead . 
 `` there is a doctor who is killing fertile , pregnant women , in the name of power and greed . 
 this violation breaks codes 113 , 78 , 45 , 209 , and , most importantly , the prime edict , that nothing shall happen to terminate unborn life . '' 
 he took a deep breath , as his smile widened . 
 `` as such , this doctor is sentenced to euthanasia ! 
 may his euthanization further improve our homestead ! '' 
 `` to the homestead ! '' 
 in five hummers they were loaded as the pickup with the bodies of the old men pulled away into the distance . 
 as they crossed over road and bridge , brian felt a new ego take control of his being -- a more focused imperative . 
 all the training and education he had received in leadership and military command surged forward in his mind , purging his immature desire to venture into space . 
 it was late in the day as the doctor melon 's home came into view , and brian smiled the smile of a man that knew his place in things , and understood his destiny . 
 `` break out the flamethrowers ! '' 
 he yelled , as they pulled to a stop . 
 `` unit one and two , assume standard pacification formation . '' 
 two lines of archetypes formed , one on either side of the house , as eight men carried flamethrowers and took up equidistant points forming a ring around the house . 
 brian stood for a moment , reviewing their formation , and then pulled out a bullhorn . 
 `` melon ! '' 
 a light went on , and the door slowly opened . 
 the frail , old body of doctor melon came out , wiping his eyes . 
 `` what ... what is it ? '' 
 `` do you know who i am ? '' 
 `` no -- are you daft ?! 
 it 's too dark out , and these old eyes ca n't see a thing . '' 
 `` i am brian torres , and you murdered my sister , iris . '' 
 melon 's hand dropped from his eye , as realization spread over his face . 
 `` your ... your sister -- she was infertile ! '' 
 `` liar ! '' 
 brian went for a pistol from the nearest archetype , but gustav ran over and stopped him . 
 `` you give the orders , we do the killing , '' he whispered softly . 
 `` you know that . 
 that is the order of things . '' 
 brian nodded , as his face went blank . 
 he put the megaphone to his mouth again . 
 `` you have been found guilty of treason , guilty of breaking codes 113 , 78 , 45 , 209 , and , most importantly , the prime edict ; that nothing shall happen to terminate unborn life . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 screamed the doctor , falling to his knees . 
 `` do n't do this , brian ! 
 please ! '' 
 `` as such , you are condemned to euthanization , sentence to be carried out -- '' `` please ! '' 
 the word reverberated in brian 's skull , for a moment stirring sentiment and compassion . 
 deep in his heart , he knew the doctor just felt frustrated and old like his father , and was growing tired . 
 he knew the doctor probably did more good than evil , was probably , in the end , of more value to the homestead alive than dead . 
 but the face of his sister was as a thick blanket , killing warmth instead of stoking it . 
 melon began to laugh . 
 `` you think you are so in control now , brian , just because you 've got these jack-booted thugs behind you ? 
 you know nothing ! 
 why , you do n't even know that jacob is n't even your -- '' `` fire ! '' 
 screamed gustav . 
 the guns fired in a short , one second burst , riddling melon with hundreds of bullets . 
 then , the flamethrowers spit their accelerant and flame , converting the home and its former occupant into dust and ash . 
 `` what was he going to say ? '' 
 asked brian , as gustav motioned his men back into their trucks . 
 `` in my experience , men facing death utter either all truth , or all lie , and either way , it does no good to listen to them . '' 
 an aide ran up to gustav , and whispered in his ear . 
 when he finished , gustav came to attention before brian , and said ; `` we have reports , sir . '' 
 it was the first time brian was called ` sir ' in that manner , and he liked it . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` scott is under siege . 
 a large group of grunts are attacking , under the leadership of deaconess rodriguez . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked , confused . 
 gustav shrugged . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 brian smiled , and nodded . 
 `` not in the least . 
 all archetypes ; load your guns , board your vehicles , and head for scott ! '' 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 chapter 17 explosions bloomed around scott , as a large mass of five thousand grunts under the deaconess ' command pressed forward . 
 the perimeter of the base was littered with hundreds of semis and tour buses , all parked to form a metal moat , blocking forces inside scott from escaping . 
 the invasion commenced just after taps was played over the loudspeaker , as most just laid down for a night 's rest . 
 the barracks were stormed first , with over five hundred archetypes killed before the general alarm could be sounded . 
 the grunts carried not only guns and knives , but sections of pipe and propane torches . 
 the men were organized to bear the brunt of any assault , while the women set fire to buildings they captured with the torches . 
 almost twenty percent of the base was now engulfed in flames , sending billowing black smoke over the rest . 
 most of the prototypes huddled in the hangar bays or in the cafeteria , for though they possessed the aptitude with which to command a battalion , none of them had ever seen battle , ever had to hold a position as an enemy fired relentlessly . 
 conversely , the archetypes charged without logic , packs scurrying forward sputteringly only to be rebuffed by the unified front of the grunts . 
 the deaconess remained in the rear , observing the action from a metal bucket suspended high in the air by a crane , directing her commands by cellphone , conducting the battle as if she were napoleon on top of a hill . 
 brian 's small team rushed into the base and quickly established the locations of the various section leaders . 
 gustav signaled to all that brian was in charge , and within a few minutes , various section leaders phoned in their situation . 
 `` we 're pinned down outside the armory ! '' 
 `` the fuel depot has been hit by explosives , and the motor pool is under their control ! '' 
 `` the cafeteria is under heavy fire , as they seem to be targeting the prototypes ! '' 
 `` we have two squads trying to protect eve and enterprise , but they are using our own trucks against us ! '' 
 brian scanned the area , seeing that they were setting afire property they seized . 
 they must want to break us utterly , so that would mean killing all prototypes , and destroying enterprise . 
 `` we must decide where to make a stand -- where to set our rally point , '' he said to gustav . 
 `` the most important prize is the main hangar complex , with eve . 
 second is the protection of the prototypes , though their cowardice will not go unnoticed or unpunished . 
 rally all other troops not protecting prototypes at the main hangar ! '' 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 the archetypes moved in unison across the base , scurrying figures clad in black , wielding short , squat guns that were matte in the faint moonlight . 
 the grunts noticed their movements , as did the deacon atop the crane . 
 they have a leader , she thought to herself . 
 charlie would love to know this ! 
 what will he or she do ? 
 they are rallying around the main hangar . 
 then there they shall die ! 
 she ordered the grunts to attack the main hangar en masse , as brian arrived there in a jeep . 
 before him stood almost a thousand archetypes , many with some form of injury . 
 though strong , their morale was sorely sapped . 
 their guns hung around their shoulders , as their clothes were disheveled . 
 brian whirled to gustav . 
 `` these are your archetypes ? 
 these are the pride of the homestead , the soldiers that will defend our borders , and ensure our survival ?! '' 
 gustav nodded brusquely . 
 `` straighten yourselves , soldiers ! 
 get your sorry asses to attention ! '' 
 in the distance trucks could be seen approaching , spitting machine gun fire . 
 in their wake , the women set fire to every structure they could , as explosions ignited further back . 
 `` this is a review ! 
 you are archetypes of the homestead , and you must be crisp and tight ! '' 
 the soldiers sprang to life , tucking in their clothes , adjusting their weapons . 
 in less than a minute , they looked polished and ready . 
 `` ready for your orders , sir ! '' 
 they shouted in unison . 
 brian scanned the forces closing in . 
 `` form protective battle lines ! 
 front line low , next high ! '' 
 the troops assembled into two lines , with the front line kneeling , the rear standing . 
 `` draw guns ! '' 
 they did , leveling their guns at the approaching enemy , who was now in firing range . 
 a haze of bullets felled some of the archetypes , yet none broke formation . 
 `` you will not move , until ordered to do so ! '' 
 yelled gustav . 
 `` we are archetypes , and we are strong ! '' 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 `` now , '' bellowed brian , eager to test their mettle , `` one , then three bursts . 
 fire ! '' 
 the front line fired repeatedly for a second , then paused three seconds . 
 after the front line had fired , the rear line fired for a second , then rest for three . 
 back and forth they went , until the group of approaching forces was completely wiped out . 
 `` now , advance ! 
 five meter advance , ten second barrage ... go ! '' 
 they got to their feet , and ran ahead five meters , then assumed their original firing positions . 
 more and more grunts approached , but were unable to advance on the archetypes . 
 after almost an hour of fighting , brian glanced back , and saw they had secured the main hangar bay . 
 `` we 've done it ! '' 
 shouted gustav , clenching his fist . 
 `` not yet , '' replied brian . 
 `` we have a big base to take back . 
 leave fifty men here . 
 send another eighty to eradicate those damned sluts with torches . 
 the rest , follow me to the armory ! '' 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 they ran at full bore , brian ordering them to charge the small forces at the armory . 
 as most grunts had been situated in search of prototypes , they easily got inside . 
 the archetypes pulled out crates full of weaponry , and distributed it among their ranks . 
 `` now , three line platoon ! 
 front ; flamethrower ! 
 middle and rear ; machine gun ! '' 
 they arranged into the three lines , the front line priming their throwers . 
 `` now , advance at march speed ! 
 flamethrower five second , then one/three interval firing for middle and rear . 
 engage ! '' 
 they moved forward , the fire spewing first , then the archetypes with guns mopping up behind . 
 they pressed around the perimeter of the base , gathering more archetypes as they went . 
 soon , the cafeteria and most of the base was under their control , with the grunts taking up a defensive position inside the motor pool . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 asked gustav . 
 `` they hold the advantage with that position . 
 it 'll be hard to break them . '' 
 `` and yet , they must be broken . 
 everyone in the homestead must know that the archetypes can not be challenged , can not be defeated ! '' 
 gustav came to full attention . 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 `` they all must die , '' ordered brian , crossing his arms on his chest . 
 `` you now have control of the armory . 
 i leave it to you to choose how they will perish . '' 
 gustav grinned . 
 `` i was right about you . '' 
 `` who knew ? '' 
 asked brian with a shrug . 
 `` if you had told me , a year ago , i would be supervising the deaths of so many , i would 've called you insane . 
 but sometimes , events change a man , or a boy , and turn them into something of survival and vengeance . 
 that is what we , what the homestead , must be about . 
 survival , and vengeance . '' 
 gustav grasped his hand . 
 `` the archetypes shall follow you , until our last breath . '' 
 `` and until i breathe my last breath , i will be someone worthy to follow . 
 now , dispatch our enemies ! '' 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 brian sat back and watched , as the archetypes broke out surface-to-air missiles and grenades by the boxload , and began to hurl it all into the motor pool . 
 within a half-hour the pool was on fire , forcing the grunts to flee . 
 but they archetypes were waiting , and with bullet and flame ended their lives . 
 the deaconess was brought to brian shortly after the last of the grunts were killed . 
 they threw her down in front of brian , who sat now in the passenger seat of a jeep . 
 she laughed as she looked on him , this still-young boy with his first taste of killing . 
 `` so , you 're the whelp who defeated me , and my faithful ? '' 
 `` i would think that would be obvious . '' 
 `` the insufferable arrogance of the prototypes . 
 so , what will you do , now that you have won ? 
 kill me ? 
 kill the council ? 
 turn on the ` machine ' ? '' 
 brian nodded , absently . 
 `` it is long past time the machine was turned on . 
 we have cowered long enough from the threat of another countdown . 
 we have held our breath long enough , as the dust whips around our world . 
 it is time we felt pride again at being human , and gained control over this world ! '' 
 `` what of god ? '' 
 she pleaded earnestly . 
 `` have you no faith ? 
 that 's why i did this -- why it must be done ! 
 those such as you would lead us into an immoral future , devoid of faith , of compassion , of love ... '' brian got out of the jeep and stood over her , his crotch in front of her face . 
 `` we have come to the brink of destruction , my deaconess . 
 all you knew is now gone -- the future is in our hands . 
 someone said to me that this was the age of doubt . 
 i tell you this is the age of the man ! 
 god is no more , for surely he has forsaken us , left us at the mercy of who knows what ! 
 all we have to believe in , all we have to rely on , is ourselves . '' 
 brian pulled out a pistol , and jammed it into her mouth . 
 gustav started to come over but brian motioned him to be still . 
 `` i must be able to do what i ask others to do , '' he said evenly . 
 his face then softened , as an echo of who he was returned . 
 `` when you see god , ask him why he abandoned us . 
 ask him if he still cares . '' 
 a single shot rang out , sending the deaconess ' soul out into the void . 
 chapter 18 the last of the fires were being extinguished as charlie 's helicopter touched down near the center of scott . 
 when he got out , he knew something had changed . 
 where are they ? 
 no archetypes ran to greet him , to preen and pose for him . 
 no prototypes huddled around him , eager for his words , desperate for his attention . 
 frank took out a cigarette , lit it , and took a long drag off it . 
 `` guess we both knew this day would come . '' 
 `` yeah , '' morosely replied charlie . 
 `` guess we did . 
 time to see who rose to the top . '' 
 `` you know , we could just nuke the whole base , and keep on goin ' . '' 
 charlie patted frank heartily on the back . 
 `` yeah , but there are limits , even for me . 
 come on . '' 
 he walked briskly with frank over to the hq , and found gustav just inside . 
 he was a little relieved to see gustav 's rigid salute . 
 `` at ease , klendricks . 
 who 's in charge ? '' 
 `` brian , sir ! 
 brian torres sir ! '' 
 charlie nodded with approval , even if he did n't recognize the name . 
 `` take me to him . '' 
 he led charlie into the hq , down a few halls to a small war room where brian was speaking to the other prototypes , filling him in on the events of the day . 
 he waited as brian wrapped up , watching him speak . 
 he 's got the authority , alright . 
 well , if he rebuffed an attack from the deaconess , and had the guts to shoot her in cold blood , then i imagine he 's ready for the whole thing . 
 the prototypes filed out past charlie , still with some admiration in their eyes , but cowed with the knowledge that brian was still nearby . 
 charlie took a deep breath , assimilating the new order of things , and came over to brian . 
 `` well done , young man , well done ! '' 
 some part of brian was immensely satisfied hearing those words , even if he already knew it was true . 
 `` thanks ! 
 i 've officially taken over control of this base . 
 i hope ... this does n't inconvenience you ? '' 
 `` no , no . 
 never was much for the whole ` general ' thing . 
 i 'd much rather be a rogue element , free to come and go as i please . 
 so , what 's your first action ? '' 
 brian motioned him over to a wide dry-erase board , on which were outlined his priorities . 
 `` first , the launch of eve . 
 second , the repair of this facility . 
 finally , pacification of the people , at which time the machine shall be activated . 
 nothing like this can ever happen again . '' 
 charlie nodded . 
 `` you ready for that kind of responsibility ? 
 for the weight of the survival of the entire human race ? '' 
 brian 's jaw squared , as he grew stiff . 
 `` i would n't have taken command of this base , and defeated the deaconess and her grunts , if i was n't ready for it all . '' 
 charlie nodded , impressed by his bravado . 
 `` anything i can do ? '' 
 brian came closer , and whispered , `` the eingana ? '' 
 `` where 'd you hear of that ? '' 
 `` from a dead man . '' 
 charlie nodded . 
 `` well , you 're in charge , and this is something you 'll need to know about , and decide what to do about . '' 
 brian flew in charlie 's helicopter , leaving frank to stay behind to help the cleanup of scott . 
 brian had never been up in the air -- not even in his training for eve . 
 fuel was too precious a commodity to be wasted on training for any but the pilot , and several weeks ago he learned todd would be the captain and pilot . 
 so , he enjoyed the helicopter ride , and contented himself with the knowledge that as commander of scott , he would be able to go into the air like this whenever he wanted , for as long as he wanted . 
 `` kinda nice , ai n't it ? '' 
 asked charlie , banking hard to the left and right , showing off . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 they started to pass over a large body of water , which brian guessed to be lake michigan . 
 it sprawled under them , the most water brian had ever seen in one place . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` a small island in lake michigan , called beaver island . '' 
 they arrived at the small island , near the northernmost tip of lake michigan . 
 the air was cold , and brian drew his jacket tight around him . 
 charlie touched down in front of a massive building that looked more like a barn , with dozens of trailers parked nearby . 
 a mist hung low , and for the first time in a long time , brian actually felt fear . 
 `` never liked coming here myself , '' said charlie , as they disembarked . 
 `` i 've always taken a great interest in all the projects of the homestead , but this one i was more than happy to turn over to someone else . '' 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 `` this is ... this is where the future of our species is ensured . 
 this is not only the greatest achievement of mankind , but the most foul abomination at the same time . 
 i warn you , brian , once you see this , you will never be the same . '' 
 `` i 've seen plenty , and done things that have changed me irrevocably . '' 
 `` that may be true , my young prototype , but i 've been alive far longer than you , and i can assure you , you have no idea what 's to come . '' 
 as they headed to the tall building , charlie told him that this complex had been in a state of suspension , ever since the first skirmish with the deaconess . 
 archetypes were pulled back to scott , in case anything should happen . 
 `` so , you probably should thank me . 
 normally , our troop levels at scott would 've been half what they were . '' 
 `` thanks , '' replied brian absently . 
 charlie gritted his teeth , as he was unused to the arrogance of youth . 
 now i remember why i 've spent so little time with the little shits . 
 `` anyway , they are n't many who know of this facility , and fewer still who have the knowledge of the technology behind it . 
 the chief engineer and researcher was an old red-haired man , who we allowed to retire a few years back . '' 
 a chill ran up brian 's spine . 
 `` what was his name ? '' 
 `` kloud ... klaus ? 
 no , it was ... klonhagen ! 
 i remember now . 
 never liked the sonofabitch , always lookin ' at me twice , with a look in his eyes that men should n't have for other men . 
 but , without him , we never would 've come as far as we have . '' 
 brian thought back to the plaque he saw in the old man 's house , the name he could n't figure out how to pronounce . 
 `` i ... think i 've met him . '' 
 `` really ? 
 how 's he doing ?! '' 
 `` i had him killed , so he 's doing pretty badly . '' 
 it was like walking into a giant farm . 
 the building was archaic , obviously built after countdown , as it was uneven and slipshod . 
 the low-hanging lights flickered on and off , and puddles of standing water ran the length , as the roof was obviously leaking . 
 as they walked , brian had to keep slapping at flies and mosquitoes that hungrily bit at him . 
 there was an odor that smelled of manure and wet fur and slaughter , and it all pressed in as if the entire atmosphere on that island was in a terribly strong vise . 
 `` we had to throw this up pretty quick . 
 it gets better once we pass in . '' 
 they walked past empty pens and stalls , in which hay and animal excrement could be seen . 
 they were all empty , but they numbered in the hundreds and lined the entire perimeter of the inside of the building . 
 they went through another door , this one heavy and airtight , passing into a white , pristine complex . 
 brian took a deep breath , as the air was now purified and smelled of delicate sweetness . 
 `` nice , ai n't it ? '' 
 charlie led brian to another door , on which was scrawled ` eingana ' in thick , black marker . 
 `` well , this is it , my young prototype . 
 you have earned the right to see this , though you might hate me , and all the homestead once you do . '' 
 brian gritted his teeth . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 charlie opened the door , and the first thing that hit brian was the foul stench of organic waste . 
 it was a powerful scent that almost brought him to his knees . 
 `` here , '' motioned charlie as he yanked a respirator from a line of them that hung near the door , `` put this on . '' 
 brian put it on , and managed to breathe clean air again . 
 they toured the perimeter , and brian almost vomited at the sights and sounds . 
 the main floor was filled with what must have been five thousand people , lying on their backs . 
 brian only knew they were people because they still had a head , two legs and two arms . 
 their torsos were all distended , with their bellies ballooned out , as two breasts lolled on top like helium-filled sacs . 
 each figure was hooked up to dozens of wired and tubes , through which various fluids flowed . 
 it was as if all creation swirled around brian , for that moment , making him nauseous and sick . 
 he was seeing something no human ought to see , much like being the first outsider to see the concentration camps of nazi germany , or the killing fields of cambodia . 
 the enormity of the abomination stunned even his now jaded senses . 
 to see so many people transformed into living , breathing , breeding machines for animals , to see the masses of tubes and wires and clamps and rods sticking out of the girls who were only a year younger than him , broke his very soul . 
 if not for one year difference , i 'd be dead , or nailed down like them , sacrificed so farm animals could fester inside my belly . 
 he came close to one of the breeding bodies . 
 a girl of caramel skin , she was bald , with three tubes inserted into various parts of her head . 
 her eyes were hidden under a dark , metal visor , but her body lay bare . 
 her breasts were thick and full , and undulated as a pump attached to them mechanically siphoned her milk away . 
 her belly , itself as massive as an adult male , was placid one moment , turbulent the next , as four separate entities gestated within . 
 `` this is ... the genesis of our future , '' said charlie quietly . 
 `` these are the eingana , the birthing vessels . 
 from them , all animal life has sprung again . '' 
 brian ran his hand along her naked skin . 
 it felt hot and slimy , with a texture that was distinctly ... inhuman . 
 her mouth opened , as if she was about to say something . 
 `` all animal life ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 we have made it so these human wombs can bring various species of animals to term . 
 the pig , goat , cow , horse , they all are birthed here , in the wombs of the forgotten generation . 
 even the eggs of reptiles and birds are created in the wombs of these little girls , and then placed in a hibernator until they hatch . '' 
 `` the plague ? '' 
 charlie nodded , as they moved slowly around the other birthing vessels . 
 `` i do n't remember who came up with the idea of using the plague for a cover , but it worked . 
 after we announced that an entire generation was ruined , we took all the children , killing the males , then pumping the girls full of drugs to negate the bodies ' natural rejection of foreign substances . '' 
 they came to a stop in front of a tall , pale-skinned vessel , whose belly was obscenely large . 
 it had drawn the skin so tightly , that faint impressions of the fetuses within could be seen . 
 `` how ... how many ? '' 
 `` some vessels can carry up to five fetuses -- so long as they are of the same species . 
 we 've segregated them , so we never put different species in the same vessel . '' 
 brian thought he heard something from the vessel before him , so he bent his ear close to its mouth . 
 `` what 's she saying ? '' 
 charlie stood by what once was a young girl , who lay without sight , and put his hand along its head , stroking it lightly and tenderly . 
 `` they never learned to speak , but they know how to whimper . '' 
 brian took a step back , aghast . 
 charlie nodded , appreciating his reaction . 
 at least , he still has some moral core . 
 i ca n't have some damned sociopath running things . 
 `` well , that 's why i brought you here . 
 i 'm giving you the chance to start fresh . 
 we have enough animals produced , so they can mate with each other , and bring those species back . 
 we could ... destroy , all you see before you . 
 and when the switch is thrown , when the machine rises , it will be clean and untainted by the sins of the homestead . '' 
 charlie went into a nearby room , leaving brian alone , in the sea of perverted humanity . 
 iris could have been here , and we never would have known . 
 it was almost a ... gift that she was taken as quickly as she was . 
 how could we do this to ourselves ? 
 how could anyone ... service ... these living , quivering horrors ? 
 charlie returned with a large flamethrower , primed , and ready for use . 
 `` i give you this chance . '' 
 brian took it from him , and gazed again on the field of human abominations . 
 `` if you do this , you need to know that if another countdown happens , it will need to be done again . 
 there is no way to bring back the animals otherwise . 
 and it must be done , for there to be any balance to our ecosystem , for our species to thrive . '' 
 brian hefted the thrower in his hand , and glanced back at charlie . 
 `` an old fool once told me that we live in the seventh age of man , and the skeptic that he was called this the age of doubt , which has its merit . 
 but now , after seeing this , the true nature of this time in human history is finally revealed to me . 
 this is the chemical age , for all that we are is due to some chemical biological mutation . 
 the prototypes are smart because of chemicals , the archetypes strong because of chemicals , the workers and breeders live because of food grown in chemically altered bodies of children . '' 
 he spat on the floor . 
 `` we owe all we are now to chemicals , and if something is n't done , they will be the death of us . '' 
 brian switched on the thrower , spitting accelerant , then flame on the vessels . 
 they caught fire quickly , and soon , the machinery began to explode . 
 charlie pulled him out , as the complex quickly became engulfed in flame . 
 `` i disabled the fire suppression system while i was inside , '' said charlie . 
 `` all of that generation will perish in this flame . '' 
 brian stood back , and watched as charlie gazed on the burning building , as they both heard the screams of the dying . 
 brian could n't tell if they were screams of joy or pain . 
 `` there are two more buildings , like these , on this island . 
 if you like , we can -- '' as charlie turned around , he found brian had pulled out his handgun and leveled it at charlie 's chest . 
 `` what 's this , my young prototype ? '' 
 `` it 's time the machine was turned on . 
 all it takes is a flick of the switch . '' 
 chapter 19 it had been two weeks since the old man was knifed to death , since charlie perished in an accidental fire on beaver island , yet brian could n't get either of their faces out of his head . 
 a part of him still felt compassion , still felt guilt over letting himself be abused , over ordering his death , over killing the one man who seemed to truly care about the future of humankind . 
 but he was learning to smother that compassion . 
 it helped when dawn suddenly took an interest in him . 
 while he never trusted her , she had a newfound strength that was oddly compelling . 
 she broke ties with todd , and began to run a prayer service at scott . 
 while brian never believed , never really cared about god , seeing her everyday bring some joy , some hope to those under his command , warmed his heart to her . 
 and when she pursued him aggressively , instead of the teasing he endured with rachel , something in him broke , and he became hers as she became his , and they , as a team , began to plan for the eventual takeover of the homestead . 
 gustav beamed with pride everyday he saw brian . 
 all the archetypes saluted him and paraded for him as if he was a new , younger charlie . 
 the prototypes quickly fell in line behind him also , and soon brian had scott organized as it should be , with clear delineations of hierarchy . 
 joe found a new respect for him , and they spent some time together . 
 brian even invited him and jess to watch the final takeoff of eve and enterprise . 
 they now sat in grandstands set up at scott for the launch , watching as final preparations were made to the ships . 
 `` are you sad , the way things turned out , son ? '' 
 asked joe . 
 `` not as sad as you were . 
 i understand you so much more . 
 we were both victims of circumstance , as was the whole world . 
 all we can do is make the best of what is given us , and forge ahead . '' 
 `` we have launch ! '' 
 blared a voice on the loudspeaker . 
 eve took off , bearing enterprise and its cargo of ten team members , with todd as captain . 
 it was a graceful thing , like a gangly white bird , rising confidently and effortlessly into the sky . 
 there was no bombast of thrust or roar of rocket motor like in the old videos of the sts takeoffs , but it was still immensely satisfying to all present . 
 a part of brian was supremely envious of todd , but it was fading to a dull roar in the back of his subconscious . 
 `` what do you think they 'll find up there ? '' 
 `` does it really matter ? 
 they ca n't bring all the dead back ; they ca n't bring back all the plants and animals . 
 we 've got to do that . '' 
 `` you mean you 've got to do that . '' 
 brian put his arm around his father . 
 `` you know , a lot is going to happen , now that eve has launched . 
 `` i kinda figured that , '' said joe , with a wry smile . 
 `` you and dawn are really gon na get rid of the council ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's time . 
 my generation will never be settled , until its own kind takes over . 
 the council may have to die , but i know i can make it so they will be the only old ones that do . '' 
 `` no riots ? 
 no mass genocide ? '' 
 `` no , father . 
 rest easy . '' 
 joe slung his arm around jess , who giggled in reply . 
 `` wish we could have another child . 
 i do miss iris . '' 
 `` me too . 
 me too . '' 
 he slung his arm around dawn . 
 she was n't much for that kind of behavior , but she quietly tolerated it , while they were in brian 's parents ' presence . 
 `` i 'm sure we can give you something more to care for . '' 
 his thoughts suddenly grew nostalgic , as he thought on rachel lying dead somewhere , with his unborn child inside . 
 while rape may not have been a crime anymore , he did want to start things off fresh in his new rule , and did n't want any lingering issues to complicate matters . 
 he glanced down at dawn , and set her free of his grip , meekly cupping her hands in his . 
 she beamed with joy and understanding , and drew him in for a long kiss . 
 `` ten ... nine ... '' `` is that ? '' 
 the whole complex got to their feet , as an androgynous voice could be heard on every radio , as numbers flashed on every screen . 
 `` eight ... seven ... '' people bolted for the main pool , a cacophony of bodies tumbling over one another . 
 dawn broke into a mad dash , while brian tried to pull his father , but joe would n't budge , just sitting with jess at his side . 
 `` six ... five ... '' joe shoved him away , and smiled at the same time . 
 brian understood , and ran with all his might to the pool , watching as dawn dove in . 
 `` four ... three ... '' he paused , just outside the pool , debating if he really wanted to live . 
 `` two ... '' a hand , gustav 's hand , suddenly reached out , and pulled him in . 
 `` one ... '' as the waves of time washed over the world , brian looked out of the water , at his father 's smiling face , his tears mingling with the water of his salvation . 
 chapter 20 : interlude 1 `` ten ... nine ... eight ... '' the countdown began as enterprise reached minimum orbital altitude . 
 todd whirled in his seat , double checking the instruments . 
 `` it ca n't be ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` not now -- not when we 're so close ! '' 
 `` seven ... six ... five ... '' `` what will happen if we do n't go with the earth ? '' 
 asked sarah , his co-pilot , as the rest of the crew unbuckled their harnesses and gathered around them . 
 `` what happens to us ? '' 
 `` four ... '' `` the fabric of space time will snap back with a terrible shock , '' answered gordon , the scientist of the group , `` most likely destroying us . '' 
 `` three ... '' `` but i can see the watchers ! 
 they 're right there ! '' 
 the crew of enterprise could see the faint detail of one of the ships of the watchers . 
 it was a golden ship with white stripes along its length , and it hovered tantalizingly close . 
 `` two ... '' todd suddenly switched on the comm . 
 system , frustrated and angry beyond belief . 
 all his life had been building to this launch , all the hopes of humanity pinned on him and his crew , and now he knew , that no matter what , he was going to let them down . 
 it seemed immensely unfair to him , and he knew there was precious little he could do about it . 
 `` watchers -- are you friend or foe ! '' 
 `` one ... '' `` tell us -- please ! '' 
 the earth suddenly vanished beneath them , taking the moon along with it . 
 and just before the shockwave of the fabric of space-time snapped back , obliterating their ship in an instant , one word came over the comm . 
 system ; `` friend . '' 
 continued in seventh age of man part ii : maturation 
