 black tie by kris shamloo black tie kris shamloo smashwords edition copyright 2011 kris shamloo smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be sold , modified , or used in any way commercially without explicit consent from the author . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please download an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not download it , then please return to smashwords.com and download your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 chapter 1 -- lost the light was uncomfortably bright ; i just wanted to sleep in for a few more minutes . 
 i kept fidgeting to get into a more comfortable position . 
 shortly after i had to concede defeat , i was awake and i was going to stay awake . 
 i sat up from my bed to find there was no bed at all . 
 i was lying on terra firma . 
 the hell ? 
 i thought . 
 growing amounts of panic started their drip into my skull . 
 where am i ? 
 after a few minutes , or maybe it was hours , -lrb- but who can say really ? -rrb- 
 i calmed down and began to study my predicament . 
 well ... i 'm definitely isolated . 
 around me was a flat desolate landscape , part desert and part wasteland . 
 not too much made sense at the moment . 
 i knew somehow that using the sun and a stick one could find your bearings . 
 the terrain offered up nothing of use to this end , the plain was utterly devoid of anything remarkable in anyway . 
 i removed my shoe and propped up it vertically with some small stones . 
 i marked the tip of the shadow with another stone and waited . 
 waiting for a few minutes to pass i reined in some of my panicked emotions and began to analyze my situation . 
 oh man i feel terrible . 
 i began hacking and coughing . 
 i had ejected an inordinate amount of spittle , no bile , no stomach acid , just vast swaths of spittle . 
 gross . 
 the suffocating sensation of choking passed and my nerves once again settled . 
 the longer i paced around my sun-compass the more i began to realize the severity of my situation . 
 i have no idea where i am , i have no idea what the hell is going on , and i do n't even know who i am . 
 there it is is n't it ? 
 i had n't yet even considered my own identity ; i was too taken aback by the rest of the situation . 
 think dammit ! 
 nothing . 
 blank . 
 no name , no social security number , no address , nothing . 
 i could feel the hollowness in my brain where my memories had once lived . 
 where 'd you go ? 
 after this troubling inner monologue i returned to my makeshift sun-compass and felt that tingling , paralyzing feeling of fear . 
 no that 's all wrong . 
 it was n't wrong , it was as obvious and as inexplicable as gravity . 
 the scale of the problem i was facing increased dramatically with this discovery . 
 the shadow had n't moved a millimeter . 
 what the hell does that mean ? 
 i knew it was a sloppy set up but the shadow still should have moved , i was walking barefoot for some time , waiting . 
 i went limp . 
 after the tidal surge of terror had ebbed in my veins i got a loose grip on myself . 
 ok i 'm in a shitty situation but if i can stay calm , i can figure this out . 
 alrighty , i 'm still alive , small steps right ? 
 i 'm still breathing , double down . 
 my heart is still beating ; three for three , life ca n't be that bad , right ? 
 i could see the storm cloud of a painful realization forming in the back of my mind . 
 the gears were turning , how do i know i 'm still really alive ? 
 i guess it does n't really matter does it ? 
 everything i define as being alive is there ; even if i was technically dead it would n't really change my predicament . 
 this thin string of reason was sufficient to quiet my fears but a twinge of doubt lingered in the fringes , a scavenger stalking a dying victim . 
 the urge to sprint came suddenly and i ran . 
 am i really running from my own thoughts ? 
 what the hell is wrong with me ? 
 after my panic sprint for about two minutes ended i was gaping for breath . 
 while my physiology forced me to rest , i once again surveyed my surroundings . 
 almost imperceptibly , the terrain was sloping . 
 waiting until my chest had stopped heaving , i laid flat to the earth and studied this slope , i had an idea that heading downhill would be a smart move . 
 why does it look like that ? 
 that 's so odd . 
 the terrain was n't a straight slope ; it was just barely curved , akin to the curve of an enormous bowl or sink . 
 i followed the rays of the curve towards where i thought their origin was ; the bottom of the basin . 
 there it was , just a tiny black hair in the distance , barely below the horizon , something in the distance , maybe dark , maybe tall , you could n't know for sure this far away . 
 i knew i must reach it . 
 i set off immediately ; there was nothing else to do anyway . 
 the tiny object must have been tens of miles away , staring at it , in hopes it would grow in size faster yielded poor results . 
 eventually i became dizzy and frustrated with exhaustion and sat down for a moment to collect myself i scanned the landscape once more with the hope that something else of interest would reveal itself , but only the dark object stood out . 
 resting my chin on my knees i sighed . 
 that 's odd . 
 i reached down to two smooth , flat , tan stones . 
 they 're identical . 
 turning them over i could identify no difference between the two . 
 i picked up another stone , similar in shape but smaller , and struck one of them to place an identifying mark between them . 
 there you go , now you two can be yourselves . 
 there was an unsettling sadness for the two stone brothers , after marking one of them . 
 as if somehow i had broken a bond they shared . 
 why do i feel emotional about some rocks ? 
 feeling both recovered and a strong urge to separate myself from my two violated rocks i picked myself up and moved towards the object in the distance . 
 i was making good progress , or at least it felt that way . 
 i took few breaks and every step towards my goal invigorated me . 
 i was certain the growing object in the distance was the key to this place . 
 maybe it contained the reason i was stranded here in the unknown , or even better , a chance to escape . 
 escape from here ? 
 where 's here ? 
 where would i escape to ? 
 the wasteland was my reality and i could think of nothing else . 
 every assault on my memory yielded less and less information . 
 i kept walking . 
 nightfall . 
 well , it should be nightfall by now . 
 only it was n't nighttime at all , it was still midday ; in fact i was beginning to piece together an irrational theory about my failed shadow-compass from earlier . 
 the sun had n't been moving , at all . 
 i studied the sun in my periphery ; it seemed to be almost completely overhead , with a slight lean towards the horizon . 
 wait a second . 
 i felt the return of that terrifying surge of fear , every square inch of skin on my body tingled as my blood retreated to safety away from my extremities . 
 for a moment i was paralyzed . 
 then i collapsed on hands and knees . 
 i started coughing up spittle again as i came to terms with what was now unmistakable . 
 unbelievable , how , why , what is actually going on ? 
 where the hell am i ? 
 my eyes welled up as i tried to rationalize my latest discovery . 
 nothing could explain it , but i knew to my core that i was right . 
 the fact that i knew the sun was n't moving did n't bother me anymore , i had dealt with that . 
 the truth was that the sun was pinned directly over the object i was heading towards . 
 the inherent curiosity i had for that object was now marred by a twinge of the supernatural , the fear that some forces unknown and greater than you can imagine are at work and guiding your fate . 
 or the even more terrifying notion that your fate is merely the result of a stray ripple , a chance vibration in the pulse of the universe . 
 ten , maybe fifteen miles closer towards the bottom of the basin i could outline my target ; a large and mirage rippled tower black as obsidian . 
 it stood there , beckoning me towards it , yet foreboding me against taking one more step in its direction . 
 i felt the same way pandora must have felt when she first saw her box , the knowledge that you must and simultaneously must not continue . 
 in the monotony of the march towards the tower i reattempted the siege on my memory . 
 nothing distinct came up , sometimes the name of a city , or the vague description of an animal . 
 one thing was certain ; my memory was only getting worse . 
 whatever world i had stumbled into was rapidly becoming my own reality . 
 the slope of the basin was imperceptible now , but the tower grew steadfast with each step . 
 as i continued towards the tower the desolate landscape began to evolve some strange peculiarities . 
 the hard dirt i was walking on was littered with flat round stones . 
 every mile i progressed the stones became more and more similar . 
 by the time i was five miles away from the base of the tower they were indistinguishable and arranged in what appeared to be a large triangular grid , perhaps one yard between each stone . 
 the arrangement pointed directly towards the tower . 
 every stone i mistakenly loosed filled me with the guilt of a child who knows he 's done wrong but does n't understand the rule he broke . 
 i tread carefully . 
 the tower was around one hundred yards tall . 
 its surface was so black it seemed that it was absorbing the light from the sun that was perched directly above it . 
 the triangular stone grid circling the tower ended another hundred yards from the base . 
 the tower was an obelisk with four sides that gently sloped inwards towards a pyramidal cap . 
 i knew the cap was there from walking towards the tower but it could not be discerned from the base of the structure . 
 the material felt smooth , stone like but also metallic . 
 it was covered with a very subtle embossing of something cross between a circuit board and the withered assault of a kudzu vine . 
 i inspected the tower for some time . 
 first , i simply stared for hours trying to find some fault in the stone , some crack , a lever , anything . 
 there has to be something here . 
 it made no sense ; a blinding sense of purpose filled me yet i could not identify my goal . 
 i was driven , inexorably driven towards some final outcome that was as mysterious as the obelisk . 
 the endless drone of the desert had faded from my mind . 
 the tower filled my consciousness . 
 i was struck with inspiration and immediately turned back to the desert . 
 i used my shirt as a basket and carried as many of the identical stone discs back from the grid . 
 i purposefully gathered only the inner most ring of the stones , it lessened the feeling of disturbing something sacred . 
 the twinge of upsetting the gods was lessened as i began executing my plan . 
 i carefully stacked the stone discs adjacent to one of the corners of the obelisk . 
 i dug my heel in the dirt and drew a single line . 
 do n't surrender your logic , you can figure this out . 
 i moved to the next corner and drew two lines . 
 each corner was numbered . 
 i then lettered the faces from a to d . 
 the stack of discs was as high as i could have reached . 
 i placed my palm flat against the surface of the tower . 
 my fingers perfectly aligned with the top of the first disc . 
 be patient , you have time . 
 i closed my eyes , slowed my breathing , and focused as intently as i could on the sensation of the contact between the obelisk and my hand . 
 the first length was the hardest . 
 i lost focus countless times while slowly scanning the base of the tower with my fingers . 
 after about thirty minutes the first pass was done and i removed the first five stone discs , the same width my hand had covered . 
 i placed the discs at the second corner , and returned to the original stack . 
 hour after hour passed away invisibly under the stationary sun . 
 the first two faces were completely scanned , nothing discernable could be felt . 
 i started to worry that this might be a foolish plan . 
 if i could n't see anything why would i be able to feel it ? 
 i began tracing the third wall . 
 i had walked two full steps before i realized what i had touched . 
 i froze . 
 it was something was n't it ? 
 i dare not open my eyes ; i slowly etched my way back to the source . 
 at first i thought i overshot it in my excitement . 
 but then i felt it again . 
 it was ever so slightly out of place from the shallow embossing covering the rest of the structure . 
 i paused and narrowed my feel to my fingers . 
 yep , there it is . 
 it was a bump , tiny , negligible , not the grandiose mechanism i was expecting to match the magnificence of the tower . 
 i lost the exact whereabouts of the bump occasionally , inducing slight panic at times . 
 only when i fully calmed my senses could i find it again , eyes firmly shut . 
 the material the tower consisted of was just too dark to make out the bump visually . 
 i pushed , turned , pressed , begged , pleaded , and insulted the tiny blemish on the tower . 
 nothing , not a damned thing . 
 i lost confidence in my ambiguous quest , i had found something , only it did n't matter because i could n't identify it or use it . 
 i imagined this is how physicists feel when they witness incomprehensible phenomena , they know something incredible is happening and are given the ultimate punishment of being forbidden to understand their observations . 
 i sat directly in front of the bump ; it was at about chest level when standing . 
 i stared at the general area of it and began to pick the lock with my mind . 
 what have n't i tried ? 
 i had thrown sand and dirt on it , spit on it , wept on it , attacked it with a disc . 
 i got it ! 
 before i could test my new theory i began giggling uncontrollably . 
 giddiness swept through me at the elegance of the solution . 
 i knew it would work . 
 i stood up , closed my eyes and with the precision of a surgeon placed my fingertips directly on the blemish . 
 i leaned in , exhaled , and kissed . 
 the emotion of kissing held me there longer than i had expected as the image of a beautiful girl manifested and then vanished before my lips . 
 i slowly backed from the obelisk staring upwards . 
 your move buddy . 
 my thought was immediately answered with an unimpressive ` thud ' that sounded as if it originated hundreds of meters below my feet . 
 i felt the slow steady surge of some ancient power climbing unstoppably towards the tower . 
 it took longer than i had expected but the whole tower became alive . 
 jagged and strangely shaped panels manifested on its surface , they protruded for a moment , expelled a large quantity of what appeared to be steam and then vanished back into the skin of the obelisk . 
 the initial surge flowed with a wave towards the pinnacle as hundreds of panels of varying sizes vented and vanished . 
 once the influx had stopped and the tower was receiving steady power only occasionally and at random intervals did a panel appear and ventilate . 
 steam means boilers , water , an engine ! 
 my brain could n't piece the next revelation together fast enough . 
 it seemed that my epiphany triggered the cataclysm of my fears . 
 the obelisk does someth - darkness flooded the landscape like a crashing wave . 
 the air ripped from my lungs . 
 the sun was blotted out and the horizon was illuminated with erratic and fierce streaks of purple lightning . 
 the haze was toxic , i choked through each breath . 
 my instincts kicked in and i frantically looked for a way to climb the tower in hopes to escape this inky death that surrounded me . 
 i froze . 
 a surge of paralyzing fear took me , my skin crawled and my breath froze . 
 in the corner of my vision i thought i could see some grotesque silhouette . 
 the moment i turned to examine the shadow it had vanished . 
 get a grip , there 's nothing out there . 
 i was trying in vain to push my back into the immovable wall of the obelisk . 
 the lightning ceased and as the perfect dark sank around me i could feel death approaching . 
 steam erupted from the panel i was unknowingly leaning against . 
 the sudden movement and violence of the ventilation threw me down , i looked at the vent perplexed , not fully comprehending what had happened until the steam had dissipated and the panel returned perfectly flush into the tower . 
 the shadows ! 
 as i turned away from the obelisk and back towards the unknown haze a massive lightning bolt struck not far from me . 
 in the same instant it struck the sun over the obelisk reappeared and swiftly lifted the veil of the toxic shadow . 
 the animal fear of being hunted faded . 
 in the distance near where the lightning had struck there was a new figure , a small black pedestal . 
 chapter 2 -- descent with each step towards the black pedestal the fear that had invaded my mind during the blackout lessened . 
 the pedestal stood where the innermost ring of stones had been . 
 the surface was smooth and uncannily dark , made from the same material as the obelisk . 
 the flat square top bore a single white object , a small marble figurine of a man weeping . 
 i held it and examined it with pure curiosity . 
 why are you here ? 
 i felt pity and sadness for my little marble man . 
 i turned him over in my hand , staring , waiting for a response i knew i would n't get from him . 
 i pocketed the figurine and examined the pedestal further . 
 i gripped the square top of the pedestal and tried to remove it from its base . 
 the top held firm but hinted subtly that it did indeed move . 
 i tried pushing and sliding to no avail though it was now obvious that the top could definitely be shifted . 
 i let the grip come back to my tired hands . 
 oh , i bet that 's it . 
 i smirked at my preconceived victory and regrasped the edges of the table top . 
 i strained every muscle in my body to rotate the top of the pedestal . 
 exasperated i sat down next to the small stone structure . 
 it refused to budge . 
 i know it moves , how the hell do i move it ? 
 after five minutes of recuperating and relaxing my nerves i sat up and looked at the pedestal inquisitively . 
 i started giggling to myself as i stood up and reproached the top of the pedestal . 
 as i grasped the edges again i applied a small fraction of the force i had applied earlier and the top rotated smoothly ninety degrees . 
 noted , always try both ways . 
 as the top realigned with the base it firmly clicked into its new position . 
 the pedestal silently retracted into the hard packed sand and vanished . 
 a massive cloud of steam bellowed from a ventilating panel on the base of the obelisk . 
 the panel continued to protrude from the tower further than normal , as it fully crossed the threshold of the tower 's surface it crashed unceremoniously into the dirt . 
 i stared at the void in the obelisk . 
 i have to go inside do n't i ? 
 i approached the opening cautiously . 
 my feet planted firmly outside the tower i peered inside , a green iridescent glow filled the cramped space . 
 the interior was packed full of dull metal piping and pieces of complex machinery foreign to my eyes . 
 a series of small pipes terminated around the edge of the doorway . 
 this must be where the steam ventilates through . 
 as the thought completed hot steam exploded out of one of the upper vents . 
 i could n't place any distinct sights or sounds but i had the feeling that massive objects were shifting with each roar of exhaust . 
 i stared down the tight corridor leading into the center of the obelisk . 
 the path dog-legged around a set of enormous piping , obscuring the center of the room from view . 
 this is it , if i cross this threshold there 's no turning back . 
 what would i even turn back to ? 
 the desert ? 
 the choking black haze ? 
 i 'm damned either way . 
 the paralysis of the decision still held me for a moment . 
 i lifted my leg through the doorway . 
 i lightly set my foot down on the metal grate of the corridor ; the neon green glow pulsed inside . 
 i recoiled . 
 my mind went blank ; i slumped against the outside of the obelisk . 
 the sun shone down on my head . 
 i enjoyed the brightness and the steady warmth . 
 a feeling of intense weariness filled me ; my mind became a void as i slid ungracefully to the ground . 
 i lay there motionless in the dirt . 
 the girl . 
 for a moment i saw a slim figure in the mirage of the desert . 
 she vanished . 
 come back . 
 my only desire was to be comforted , to be told it was going to be ok . 
 i doubted my strength to see this trial through to the end . 
 i doubted my mind to uncloud the mystery . 
 i doubted everything . 
 most of all i just wanted someone to help . 
 i 'll never see her again . 
 i did n't fight the emotions , i let them come freely . 
 the intensity of them filled me like a wave , building , peaking , and vanishing . 
 the minutes ticked away and i was rejuvenated . 
 i stood up to face the threshold once more . 
 i quickly crossed the doorway into the interior of the tower . 
 the glow seemed to be emanating from the machinery itself . 
 the floor was a thick metal grate with a murky abyss below . 
 the path was walled with countless miles of piping , valves , and incessantly humming machinery . 
 i guided around the dog-leg , the narrow path led towards the center of the room . 
 there was a small rectangular cage with a pyramidal cap . 
 the only thing to suggest this cage was an elevator was the small lever mounted inside it . 
 the cage appeared to be flush with the floor and gave no sway when i stepped inside it . 
 full steam ahead captain . 
 the switch felt satisfying , clicking firmly into the down position . 
 the lift began its descent undramatically . 
 it dropped smoothly into the darkness of the unlit shaft . 
 the only light was the green glow from the metal of the cage . 
 the acceleration downwards was relentless . 
 the light breeze became a steady wind . 
 the cage continued to accelerate . 
 the steady wind became a violent gale as the cage continued to gain speed . 
 wow this is fast . 
 the sensation of moving at unbelievable speed in darkness was unsettling . 
 the gale died down with the same slow drive that birthed it . 
 the lift returned to a reasonable speed as it approached the bottom . 
 the orange glow of fire could be seen below me . 
 the lift reached the bottom of shaft , i was n't sure how deep i was underground but by the length and speed of the journey it must have been miles . 
 the cage was barely moving as it crossed the ceiling of the antechamber . 
 the source of the fiery glow could be seen now . 
 the room was vast and empty save for the centerpiece . 
 a massive glass ring floating in the center of the room , filled with fire . 
 the room was circular with a floor of pale marble . 
 the lift quietly sat in the corner , still softly glowing green . 
 i paced slowly around the glass ring , staring in awe . 
 the heat from the ring could be felt through the glass . 
 a dark metal ring equal in diameter was embedded in the floor below and ceiling above the ring . 
 magnets maybe ? 
 the metallic ping from my tapping confirmed my suspicion . 
 what 's this ? 
 floating effortlessly in the center of the glass ring was a small gunmetal disc . 
 i ducked under the ring of fire and stood inside the center of the glass . 
 nervous fear bubbled in my neck . 
 i reached for the disc , it was held firmly in the magnetic field . 
 i grabbed both sides of the disc and pulled my full weight on it . 
 the field let go and i crashed to the ground disc in hand . 
 just because it worked does n't mean it was n't stupid . 
 the pain in my back and shoulder subsided to a dull throb and i examined my prize . 
 it seemed completely unremarkable until i turned it over . 
 that crippling feeling of fear of the unknown swept over me . 
 the feeling lingered as my brain contemplated the single cryptic word etched neatly into the opposite side of the disc , welcome . 
 ** after fully examining both sides nothing but the cryptic greeting could be discerned . 
 i stood up from my seat in the middle of the ring of fire and placed the disc back in the field . 
 it required the same force to push it back into the invisible net as it did to remove it . 
 the last touch of my hand on the disc set it slowly spinning . 
 i ducked back under the glass ring and savored the warmth it gave for a moment . 
 the room was devoid of any features or markings . 
 i briefly considered scanning the walls again with my hand , as i had done on the surface . 
 that probably wo n't work twice . 
 i was getting better at emptying my mind of distractions ; i was beginning to fully accept my position in this mystery world . 
 it was the only world i knew . 
 i remembered the little statuette i had retrieved from the pedestal and removed him from my pocket . 
 he lay in my hand forever weeping . 
 i carefully placed him on the metal disc anxiously awaiting a response . 
 it 's still spinning . 
 the weeping man circled while my brain followed suit . 
 i removed him from the slowly moving disc . 
 maybe the ring will spin too . 
 the massive glass ring would n't budge . 
 maybe not . 
 try everything , i thought . 
 i gripped both sides of the disc and set it spinning quickly . 
 a series of audible mechanical clicks spiraled around me . 
 first you unlock the lock . 
 i ducked back under the glass ring and placed my hands firmly around it again . 
 it moved freely now . 
 i began running with the ring setting it spinning as well . 
 then you open the door . 
 the reaction was immediate . 
 i heard the dull groan of large objects being moved against their will . 
 the walls began to shift and break into even strips of material . 
 spurts of steam popped out of the broken seams and the entire room began to change shape . 
 the circular room had reversed its curve inwards resulting in four corners with narrowing hallways . 
 the lift i had entered on was now adjacent to the moving wall where before it was sitting well away from it . 
 that was interesting . 
 the four new corridors terminated in metal doorways , the same iridescent metal used inside the hulk of the obelisk . 
 each door was marked with circles . 
 one with one circle , another with two , and so on . 
 door number one shall we ? 
 i walked towards the door . 
 upon reaching the door i was suddenly hit with a strong urge to return to the surface . 
 keep going buddy , this is just the beginning . 
 fittingly , the door had no apparent handle or opening mechanism . 
 i 'm never going to get a break am i ? 
 my body and mind were tired from the puzzling nature of this place . 
 i sat down in the corridor and closed my eyes . 
 i did n't think about the door , i did n't think about anything . 
 i felt a strange sense of relaxation i had n't felt before . 
 i was n't asleep and i was n't awake . 
 i just existed . 
 this is nice . 
 consciously recognizing i was enjoying myself had snapped me out of my drifting mental state . 
 and now it 's gone . 
 the metal disc was obscured behind the majesty of the glass ring of fire . 
 the glass ring was still spinning but now at barely a crawl , i assumed the disc was doing likewise . 
 i stood back up and examined the door . 
 i said aloud , `` just open dammit i 'm tired of games . '' 
 the door obliged . 
 a barely visible seam in the center of the door split as the two halves swung open . 
 i stood there stunned for a moment , contemplating what just happened . 
 that 's the first time frustration has ever solved a problem . 
 the long solemn hallway was illuminated by a long length of fire filled glass ; much thinner in diameter than the glass centerpiece in the anteroom , and much dimmer as well . 
 i could see the end of the hallway opening to another section . 
 the marble floor stopped at the threshold and gave way to a vast expanse of soft sand . 
 the illuminating glass also ceased and pale pink-blue starlight filled the room . 
 i crossed the threshold . 
 the chamber was magnificent ; a massive spherical dome giving the illusion of the night sky . 
 the entire ceiling was studded with tiny points of light like stars . 
 the sloping walls reached the sandy floor almost vertically . 
 the urge to touch it was irresistible . 
 the feel was strange , it was firm like hard rubber with slightly more give than you would expect . 
 i pressed against one of the points of light ; it felt no different than the rest of the material . 
 i moved away from the entrance towards the three stone rings on the opposite side of the chamber . 
 they look like wells . 
 they were , the three low stone rings were filled with water . 
 i peered in the center well and could n't see the bottom . 
 i carefully touched the surface of the water . 
 it was ice cold . 
 i sat on the stone lip of the well . 
 looking up the ceiling gave the perfect illusion of a starry expanse ; i lost myself in the thought of being outside for a moment . 
 only if i were outside , it would be day . 
 it 's always the day outside . 
 the twilight was beautiful . 
 i turned to the wells , the fear of the unknown returned . 
 what if something is down there ? 
 i did n't see any other options . 
 i began to remove my clothing to enter the first well . 
 to my relief , only the center well was frigid . 
 hold on . 
 maybe there 's another way , something other than blindly forward . 
 i thought of everything i had seen so far . 
 what other way is there ? 
 forward is just a word , i 'm not moving in any direction i 'm just moving . 
 i had n't been given any choices . 
 the only choice i have is to move or to sit still . 
 i sat on the lip of the well half undressed . 
 my eyes lost focus and drifted towards some unknown in the distance . 
 something deep the back of my mind had made its presence known . 
 it had originated these thoughts . 
 i did n't know whether to fear it or embrace it . 
 the immobilizing thought vanished and i turned back towards the well . 
 pony up . 
 i lowered myself in . 
 hanging on the lip of the well i slowed my breathing . 
 i took a large gulp of air and sluggishly descended feet first . 
 i did n't go very far . 
 i surfaced and refilled my lungs . 
 relax , stay relaxed . 
 i went deeper and deeper , eventually getting the courage to turn in the tight space and swim down headfirst . 
 though my descents were getting further down the well there was no end in sight . 
 the well continued downward , seemingly forever into the inky abyss . 
 i 'll need a new plan . 
 i checked the remaining two wells in the same manner . 
 definitely need a new plan . 
 i walked wet and naked back to the antechamber ; i dried under the warmth of the glass ring . 
 the endless storm of fire inside the ring was beautiful ; while i mechanically redressed myself i enjoyed the marvel of the ring . 
 even in my prison there is beauty . 
 i thought of the starry sky in the first room . 
 despite my failure in the wells i felt encouraged . 
 the green glow of the lift caught my eye . 
 let 's check back upstairs . 
 i climbed back into the elevator and threw the switch once more . 
 knowing what to expect the ride was less frightening , the tremendous wind was made more eerie by the utter lack of vibration in the lift . 
 it just smoothly flew up . 
 the lift came to a halt back into the machinery room at the base of the obelisk . 
 i explored the interior more thoroughly . 
 nothing seemed out of place or in disrepair , every valve , cog , and moving part sauntered along with casual precision . 
 the whole feel of the place was as if this sort of engineering perfection was an everyday occurrence , there was a palpable sense of nonchalance to the motion of the machinery . 
 it 's as if the machinery knows it 's working well . 
 i headed towards the entrance . 
 the brightness overwhelmed me , but my eyes quickly adjusted . 
 i stood on the crashed plate of the entrance and examined the desolate surroundings . 
 i thought of the antechamber and the three wells . 
 i walked towards the perimeter of the stone field . 
 i paced around the inner ring eyeing the obelisk . 
 i had the look and feel of a predator , the obelisk my prey . 
 i 'll figure you out , just wait . 
 the brimming confidence building in me was pierced by the memory of the frightening black haze , that sensation of imminent doom . 
 i lowered my head and walked back towards the tower . 
 i returned to the machinery room . 
 head still bowed ; i was looking at my feet standing on the metal grates . 
 i straddled one of the pieces and placed my fingers in the gaps of the platform . 
 the grate moved slowly , it was held in the by the pressure of rubber bushings . 
 i held the metal rectangle i had acquired . 
 this thing is beefy . 
 the unexpected weight quickly tired my grip . 
 i set the piece down and looked into the darkness of the void it created . 
 there was a forest of sprawling piping . 
 the neatly packed pipes in the main chamber had exploded into the tangled root system of a wild tree . 
 i lowered myself into the piping jungle . 
 the network of piping provided the only illumination in the room . 
 i cautiously climbed down to bottom . 
 the floor and walls were the same dark black obsidian of the obelisk . 
 the pale green glow was easily swallowed by the light absorbing material . 
 from the edge of the large cylindrical room i could see the massive cluster of pipes entering from the base of the obelisk . 
 crossing the threshold into the pipe room the roots of the tower sprawled in every direction and terminated into the walls of the room . 
 the machinist 's jungle . 
 i weaved my way through the forest ; the center was too densely packed to be investigated . 
 a full lap of the perimeter revealed there was nothing of interest . 
 well that was pointless . 
 i started my climb up towards the open grate . 
 staring at the blank hole the unusual weight of the metal struck out in my mind . 
 as i climbed higher towards the hole the plan materialized in my head . 
 reaching the machinery room i replaced the grate in its original position on the main walkway . 
 i walked towards the end of the walkway where the floor circled around the lift in the center . 
 i bent down and began removing the grates behind the elevator cage . 
 i skipped every other grate so the gap i created did n't become too large . 
 after i had removed three i loaded them into the elevator . 
 progress , i hope . 
 i flipped the lift switch and dropped steadily towards the antechamber . 
 i smirked at the ring of fire as i walked the first heavy piece towards the wells . 
 i leaned it against the first well and returned to the lift for the second . 
 a few minutes later and all three pieces were in the spherical chamber . 
 i went to the center well grabbing the first glowing metal grate . 
 here goes nothing . 
 i dropped the piece into the water . 
 it splashed and sank quickly . 
 a tremendous slam followed the clang of the metal reaching the bottom . 
 oh no . 
 i turned around at the source of the sound . 
 the entrance to the hallway had vanished . 
 chapter 3 -- wet i stared at the space where the hallway had been ; as if my gaze would somehow coerce it back into existence . 
 i was stunned by the finality of it . 
 i was always going to have to face these wells alone anyway . 
 why do i feel cut off ? 
 from what ? 
 from who ? 
 the feeling stuck despite the lack of explanation , for the first time since i had arrived i truly felt alone . 
 as my mind settled i turned back towards the well . 
 i crawled towards the lip of the well and looked down . 
 there it is . 
 at the bottom of the well , maybe fifty feet down , the pale green glow of the grate shimmered . 
 i threw the two other pieces in their respective wells revealing the same thing . 
 that 's deep but it 's possible . 
 once again i stripped my clothing . 
 while preparing for the first dive attempt i had another idea , i should have brought more metal ... the weight would have helped me descend faster . 
 the thought reminded me of the sealed hallway and i shuddered . 
 i sat with my feet in the well . 
 i drew in slow , deep breaths . 
 i silently slid into the water and began my swim down . 
 i felt comfortable in the water ; i knew i would have no trouble making it down now that i had a visible destination . 
 i reached the metal grate and looked around at the bottom of the well . 
 the stone walls terminated into the stone floor . 
 i patiently scanned the walls of the well to find whatever i was looking for , nothing . 
 the smooth bricks of the well were bare . 
 i ran out of time and headed towards the surface . 
 i recalled what i had seen at the bottom while i caught my breath . 
 nothing stood out to me ; the only thing unusual down there was the grate that i had added . 
 maybe it 's under the grate ? 
 eager to test my new theory and return to the warm glass ring i hurriedly swam down to the bottom . 
 my chest started to burn for oxygen before i was two thirds of the way down . 
 i was n't going to make it . 
 my excitement had drummed up my heart rate and i was burning air much faster than normal . 
 reluctantly i turned around and began my return ascent . 
 five feet from the surface my vision began to go dark . 
 do n't black out , fight it , focus , concentrate . 
 i gasped for breath when i broke the smooth surface of the water . 
 i sat on the edge of the well defeated . 
 what 's the point ? 
 rage filled me . 
 i screamed aloud `` what 's the fucking point ? '' 
 i listened to the silent indifference of the faux night sky . 
 i was a leper with no one to hate me ; it was the cold indifference of the place that got to me . 
 i dug in my pants pocket for the statue of the weeping man . 
 `` i know how you feel . '' 
 we wept together . 
 a short time later i had pieced myself together . 
 the feelings of rage and despair came , were expressed , and passed . 
 i turned back to the well . 
 i placed the weeping man back in my pocket for safe keeping . 
 i filled my lungs with air and returned into the water . 
 i reached the grate and lifted up . 
 beneath the grate was a small recessed handle . 
 i gripped it and lifted . 
 the handle lifted a lid covering a small hole in the bottom of the well . 
 in the hole was a small shining orb . 
 i looked at it unimpressed , that 's it ? 
 i grabbed the sphere and headed to the surface . 
 the orb was a glass ball filled with a bright red liquid . 
 the vividness of the color was out of place in the twilight of the false stars . 
 i gently set it down amongst my clothes . 
 i approached the center well . 
 a strong sense of foreboding emanated from its icy cold water , the first well was much warmer . 
 i ignored it and moved to the third well . 
 the third well held the same secret as the first , only this time a radiant blue swirled inside the orb . 
 i had retrieved it in only two dives this time . 
 the satisfaction of retrieving the second orb was short lived . 
 the center well loomed in my mind . 
 i had no excuse now , the center well sat there ice cold . 
 the only discernable difference between the first two wells was the temperature . 
 yet despite this the center well seemed insurmountable . 
 i approached it with the same fear and respect one would approach a sleeping beast . 
 my pale reflection glimmered in the twilight of the well as i examined the grate resting on the bottom . 
 i guess that 's what i look like . 
 my features distracted me from my objective for only a moment . 
 fifty feet away , distorted by the water , the grate looked just as the others had , a pale luminous speck . 
 how long am i going to put this off ? 
 i lowered myself in ; the cold had shocked me into erratic breathing . 
 i relaxed myself and in a few short minutes was diving towards the depths of the center well . 
 the bottom was identical as the other two wells ; i reverently lifted the last grate revealing the final stone handle . 
 i curled my fingers around the handle . 
 the reaction was immediate . 
 the handle violently retracted into the bottom of the well , pulling my arm along with it . 
 the whole length of my arm had been swallowed by the floor of the well . 
 i let go to pull my arm out . 
 shit ! 
 i was too slow ; a clamp instantly seized my wrist , my arm was trapped . 
 the struggle had burnt the rest of the oxygen in my lungs , i craved air , i craved the surface . 
 it could have been five feet away or five hundred , it would n't have mattered . 
 i looked around for any clue , a switch , a lever , something , anything to release me from the icy pit . 
 the burning in my chest had spread to my limbs ; my muscles began to contract uncontrollably . 
 any mental faculty i had left was being used solely to fight the relentless urge to breathe . 
 this is it . 
 this is how you die . 
 my body stopped contracting ; the only remaining oxygen in my blood was shunted to my brain for a few more precious seconds of life . 
 the clamp around my wrist let go . 
 i desperately tried to pull my hand out fast enough but the clamp regripped . 
 the handle ! 
 in my panicked frenzy my fingers had unknowingly clawed their way back around the stone handle . 
 i quickly reached for it again , the clamp let go again . 
 i pulled my arm out , still holding the handle . 
 it slid out easily . 
 but it was already too late ; i could n't ascend fifty feet without more air . 
 i have to try . 
 i planted my feet and with one final effort bolted for the surface . 
 the light of the world evaporated . 
 i went unconscious . 
 i was lying prone on a magic carpet , my arms were crossed and my chin rested on them . 
 a vast sparkling city sat before me , in the middle of the desert . 
 the city formed a bustling glowing ring around a large teardrop shaped oasis . 
 at the tip of the teardrop a magnificent palace stood proudly . 
 the palace could n't be imagined without the city , nor could the city be imagined without the palace . 
 the sight was breathtaking . 
 to the east the tiny silhouette of a man riding a dark horse sped towards the city and the oasis . 
 who is this rider in the night ? 
 does he bear good or ill will ? 
 my carpet slowly descended towards the desert floor . 
 i stood on the carpet near the outskirts of the city . 
 it had landed and sat motionless on the sand . 
 as i stepped off i heard an inhuman shriek , i crouched instinctively . 
 the black haze appeared out of nowhere and devoured me . 
 i was hacking and coughing uncontrollably as it filled my lungs . 
 i awoke from my dream hacking and coughing water on the floor of the well . 
 the stone surface was still wet though the water had vanished . 
 i was wasted , my limbs were leaden and fatigued , my chest ached and my head pounded . 
 every breath restored a small iota of my strength ; i sat slumped against the wall of the well . 
 eyes shut , mind shut . 
 breathing was the only burden i had the strength to bear . 
 i think an hour had passed before i willed my eyes open , the stones now held only the hint of dampness , save for where my body had prevented the water from evaporating . 
 i stood and looked up at the distant opening to the well . 
 damn . 
 the air allowed more light to reach the bottom than before but the grate still provided the majority of the illumination , casting a radioactive green shadow on everything . 
 the hole my arm was trapped in remained . 
 i pieced together the puzzle . 
 pulling back on the handle had triggered some sort of draining mechanism , even if i had enough oxygen to make the distance i would n't have been able to get out of the well if the water had dropped just a few feet . 
 i had blacked out mid ascent , the water draining had pulled me to the floor of the well and by some miracle i had n't inhaled enough water to kill myself . 
 damn . 
 the well was too smooth to scale normally . 
 i went back to the hole and tried my best to examine it . 
 the handle sat innocently at the bottom . 
 i really do n't want to do this again . 
 i reluctantly placed my arm back into the hole and grab the handle . 
 i turned it , pulled it , and pushed it . 
 it held fast . 
 i removed my grip , i hesitated a moment , the arm clamp did not activate . 
 well that 's a relief . 
 the weight of the near drowning began to lift and the turnings in my mind became increasingly lucid . 
 i began examining the stone blocks lining the well , a hidden cache maybe ? 
 the patient discipline learned from meticulously examining the base of the obelisk became invaluable as i similarly tapped and pressed each reachable stone . 
 my mind wandered . 
 an innocuous stone gave way . 
 my focus snapped back to the present . 
 what 's this ? 
 i placed both hands on the stone and steadily moved it back . 
 the stone below had a hollow top . 
 sitting quietly in the recession was a worn leather bound journal . 
 i 'm not sure i 'm ready for this . 
 i was scared that the book would reveal some terrible revelation about my presence in this place . 
 i reached for the journal with trepidation and sat leaning against the wall of the well . 
 i opened it . 
 i shut the book , not because of its contents ; i had n't read a single line yet . 
 what the hell was that ? 
 i looked up . 
 i had never felt terror like this before . 
 it was all consuming , if my breath was n't already stolen away from me i would have gagged on it . 
 the dark shadowy outlines of men stood ringing the top of the well . 
 oh god i 'm not alone . 
 an inhuman scream emanated from the top of the well , it was the violent grinding of stones overlaid with the terrible screech of metal against chalkboard . 
 the paralysis of fear turned into disbelief at what i saw next . 
 one of the figures jumped . 
 its human outline grew as it hurtled towards me . 
 i finally broke my stasis and pinned myself against the wall of the well . 
 the figures body smashed into the surface of the well and a massive shower of sand engulfed me . 
 sand ? 
 i looked down , nothing remained but sand . 
 i did n't have time to analyze the situation , more battle cries emanated from the top of the well . 
 two more shadows flew towards me ; they crashed similarly into the bottom . 
 sand flew everywhere . 
 the floodgates came open , the sand demons were endless . 
 their bodies became my step ladder out of the well . 
 i had risen almost ten feet atop the growing layer of sand . 
 i clutched the journal tightly in one arm . 
 the assault stopped . 
 the sand demons lined the entrance of the well . 
 they 're waiting for something . 
 i waited with them . 
 they stared at me while i stared at them , like two enemies pacing between a glass wall that would inevitably be shattered . 
 they were sizing me up , i was sizing them up . 
 they stood motionless at the well entrance for hours . 
 i realized that i must do something to progress our battle . 
 there must be another stone to press . 
 i found one . 
 it slid back only a few inches and then made a satisfying ` click ' . 
 the floor began to rise . 
 the mass of sand below me was being pushed towards the well entrance . 
 the starlight of the ceiling pulsated brighter and brighter . 
 the sand monsters stood motionless , they were ready . 
 halfway towards the surface they began jumping again , just one or two at a time now to gauge the height . 
 sometimes only their legs would be destroyed and i would have to stomp their clawing torsos out of existence . 
 the feeling of their bodies crumble and collapse under my feet was pleasing . 
 finally having an enemy other than my own mind and a desolate tower was a strange relief . 
 i knew that in a few feet the full assault would start . 
 i clasped the journal shut and threw it out of the well . 
 the monsters did n't react to it at all . 
 good , they 're only interested in me . 
 they leaped . 
 their attacks were wild and flailing , their bodies fragile , a singular blow would dispatch most of my opponents . 
 their landed strikes stung and scraped my skin . 
 one of the leaping demons landed on my arm removing a large chunk of skin . 
 the well had almost risen fully to the surface , i was taking a beating , their numbers were endless . 
 as the well returned to the surface i saw the scale of my problem . 
 the sand warriors were manifesting out of the sand of the vast chamber , a growing , writhing cornfield of faceless warriors charging towards me . 
 i wo n't last in this . 
 i instinctively dove into the first well . 
 the assault ceased after two of the beasts leapt and dissolved into the water of the well . 
 my breath was running out rapidly , i was exhausted from the fight . 
 the refreshing water cooled me and stung at my open wounds . 
 i lingered beneath the surface as i watched the blood smoke off my arm like a burning cigarette . 
 i broached the surface , the monsters arms reached for me . 
 i had strayed too far from the center of the well . 
 dodging the eager reach of one , i moved in range of the assailant behind me . 
 his grip on my neck was just secure enough to drag me from the well but the water loosed his attempts at my throat . 
 i rolled away in the sand and resumed my battle . 
 i was furious with rage . 
 i fought back towards the filled in center well . 
 time to get desperate . 
 i dove for the two glass orbs and used them to bludgeon my opponents . 
 they fell easily but their numbers made victory impossible . 
 my energy was drained , a wild swing with the red orb let loose a sickening cracking noise from the glass . 
 a single bead of the vibrant red fluid dripped out . 
 the assault stopped as every beast spawned stared at the drop in the sand . 
 the shriek they let loose was unbearable , the fury of their siege doubled and they moved towards me in a horrible relentless wave . 
 i fought briefly then bent over clutching the two orbs . 
 the wave fully crashed on me , i buckled against the weight of the sand and their clawing , i was about to collapse completely . 
 purple . 
 i smashed the two orbs together . 
 a massive cloud of purple dust exploded filling the whole room . 
 the sand warriors had vanished . 
 a purple powdery haze lingered in the air . 
 i coughed purple , i breathed purple , i had purple all over my skin . 
 i walked to the well ; my entire body was covered in the stuff . 
 it had mixed with my wounds , i even bled purple . 
 i certainly was n't expecting that . 
 my thoughts jumped to the leather journal . 
 i found it near the third well covered in purple dust but still intact . 
 good , i 'm sure that thing is important . 
 i spent the next few minutes relaxing and bathing in the well . 
 between the dust on myself and my clothes the water took on a swirling violet hue . 
 i finished the rinse in the third well . 
 the dust had clotted my wounds and blood stopped oozing . 
 that 's convenient . 
 the weeping statue sat freshly cleaned on the edge of the well . 
 my arms and head rested on the edge next to him . 
 `` try not to be sad forever . '' 
 he did n't respond . 
 `` just saying . '' 
 i shrugged ; silence . 
 my gaze shifted towards the journal . 
 chapter 4 -- sisters the entrance to the hallway was still sealed . 
 that journal is the key . 
 sitting on the edge of the well with my feet rhythmically kicked in the water . 
 i waited for the air to dry my hands , it did n't take long . 
 the journal could n't wait any longer . 
 i managed to wipe most of the purple residue off but a bit still held fast to the papers . 
 the thin strip of leather binding the journal untied easily . 
 ** entry # 1 i 've found them ! 
 years of chasing rumors and threads of threads and i 've found them ! 
 pray now i do n't lose the trail . 
 the sisters have moved to rauchenwarth , a small hamlet south of vienna , their evil game no doubt still afoot . 
 i 've taken a room at the inn of a neighboring hamlet , ebergassing ; i dare not reside in the same village as the sisters , that would be too close . 
 my hosts are an old married couple , they speak very little , they go about their business with the quiet efficiency lent from years of experience . 
 their rates are fair for the area and their coffee is quite good . 
 this morning i got up earlier than usual and felt the urge for some rigorous calisthenics . 
 i bathed and headed towards rauchenwarth . 
 i had never been so close to the sisters before , i must proceed with extreme caution . 
 i spent the day in rauchenwarth trying to surreptitiously discover the precise whereabouts of the sisters . 
 i took care to never reveal my true name or identity to the locals who i questioned . 
 i stopped by the local tavern to ask the barman if anything strange had been going on . 
 he told me the strangest thing to happen recently was a nosy traveler asking if anything strange had been going on . 
 his sour attitude was likely due to my tip , or lack thereof . 
 this quest had already cost me quite a deal of money . 
 entry # 2 after an exhaustive search today i have located the cottage the sisters are staying in . 
 my belief is that they prey only on travelers heading to or from vienna , never preying on locals . 
 it is brilliant in its simplicity , it would take some time for suspicion to fall on the small town and by then they would have moved again . 
 tomorrow i shall observe the sister 's cottage from a hide near their residence . 
 god willing , i will learn their habits so as best to exploit them . 
 entry # 3 my god this is worse than i had feared ! 
 the cottage remained silent all morning and through the afternoon -lrb- though i did doze off for twenty minutes or so at noon -rrb- . 
 in the evening , with the setting sun i saw it . 
 the silhouette of a woman exited the cellar , turned examining the countryside , and entered the cottage . 
 moments later two figures exited the cottage and entered the cellar . 
 i have seen the sisters ! 
 my hand is shaking now as i write , the terror still lingers in me . 
 i heard a scream of terror emanating from the cellar then abrupt silence ! 
 i was frozen in my hide by fear , i dare not move . 
 i stayed there motionless for an hour before i dared to leave . 
 i do n't think i 'll sleep this night . 
 ** the entries ended . 
 that 's it ? 
 i leafed through the rest of the journal , all the pages were blank . 
 i was disappointed . 
 the journal was supposed to be my key , the answer to the riddle , yet it was worthless . 
 i tied it shut . 
 my clothes were now dry ; i scanned the area where the hallway entrance used to be . 
 i sighed with empathy for every rat trapped in a maze somewhere . 
 i know how you feel . 
 i held the figurine of the weeping man . 
 `` we 'll get out of here . '' 
 out of the corner of my eye i saw something strange . 
 the violet hue of the well i had bathed in changed ; it was the same luminous blue of the second orb . 
 i knelt next to it . 
 i went to the remnants of the smashed glass orbs , only a few drops of each fluid had survived the reaction . 
 with my left hand i cradled the last remnants of the red fluid , uncaged by the glass ; its vividness was even more stunning . 
 i dipped my finger into the second well . 
 the red fluid bloomed in the clear water . 
 the rushing of sand turned my attention back to the center well , the well bottom descended gracefully back to the bottom . 
 it began to rain . 
 for a moment i wondered at the marvel of rain inside an underground chamber . 
 i guess that 's the sort of place this is . 
 it was slowly filling the center well . 
 a loud thud indicated that i was free from the first room ; i turned to see the door open . 
 i began walking towards the hallway entrance . 
 in the distance i saw the familiar glow of the glass centerpiece illuminating the room . 
 i had just crossed into the hallway when i saw the light flicker . 
 something is down there . 
 the light of the antechamber vanished . 
 oh no . 
 an inhuman howl bellowed from the ring room . 
 it knows i 'm here . 
 the black haze preceded the thunder of its charge towards me . 
 i sprinted back towards the raining room . 
 the black haze engulfed me as it had on the surface . 
 i started hacking uncontrollably . 
 the roar of the massive beast moving towards me grew louder . 
 i was nearly to the wells ; i prayed the torrent had filled the center well enough for a landing . 
 with my heart pounding , holding my breath in the red or blue wells was out of the question . 
 the beast was just behind me now , its wet snarl and asthmatic wheezing rang in my ears . 
 i leapt down the well ; the bottom was hidden by the haze . 
 my momentum slammed me against the wall of the shaft as i fell . 
 i crashed through the five feet of water and bounced off the floor of sand . 
 i made it . 
 the collision with the wall and the choking haze had taken all the air out of me and i immediately surfaced . 
 between choked coughs i slid towards the wall of the well in case the monster had decided to follow me down . 
 i looked up . 
 the rain and the haze filled the well . 
 the beast stood invisible at the top of the well . 
 nothing could be seen through the haze and rain , but it was there , waiting . 
 you could feel its physicality ; it had an aura of horrid power . 
 the water rose slowly , bringing me closer to my fate . 
 treading water in the suffocating dark was exhausting . 
 the monsoon continued to deliver me inexorably towards my hunter . 
 with a blinding flash of light the haze was lifted . 
 just before the flash had cleansed the haze and the demon away i saw its grotesque outline against the light . 
 the horrific revelation stunned me ; i sank beneath the surface drifting aimlessly . 
 there are two of them . 
 the first encounter with the haze had n't scarred me significantly ; i had shelved the memory in the back of my mind . 
 i engulfed myself in unraveling the mystery of the obelisk . 
 the second attack brought the harsh reality that i was in serious danger , i was n't safe underground , and the attacks happened with no warning . 
 the half-empty well worked this time , but it 's almost filled now . 
 a few minutes later i was treading water at the top of the well . 
 the rain stopped . 
 the downpour had flushed most of the color from the other two wells . 
 now only the faint tint of red and blue remained diluted in each . 
 a ribbon of color spread on the sand where each well had spilt its colorful overflow . 
 the entrance to the hallway was still open . 
 if the beasts left footprints the rain had washed away any sign of their presence . 
 i headed back to the caged ring of fire to dry off yet again . 
 the journal was soaked , it stayed open under the heat to dry off , the ink from the few pages of entries had run . 
 the words were barely distinguishable ; the tight clean cursive ran into itself like ribbons shoved into a glass . 
 does n't matter anyway . 
 the second door awaited me . 
 why am i here ? 
 what am i doing this for ? 
 none of it made sense . 
 i 'm playing the game . 
 i could think of only two possible choices , participate or do nothing . 
 in doing nothing i could only see the inevitability of gnashing teeth tearing me apart . 
 in participating i saw only the sick enjoyment of who or whatever put me in this frightening place . 
 until a third solution presented itself i had no choice but to move forward . 
 i 'd rather play along than wait to die . 
 progressing through this puzzling and dangerous place had given me a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction . 
 i decided that feeling of progress was worth the price i had already paid . 
 pony up . 
 i stood up and drifted towards the second door . 
 this one had a handle . 
 i pulled it . 
 the door hesitated ; i heard a faint mechanical click inside the door , then gave way . 
 the hallway was a long downward spiral . 
 i began my descent . 
 the enclosed spiraling hallway distorted my perception , i could n't tell for sure how far i had travelled down or how many circles i had walked but i guessed i had made at least twenty passes around the central axis . 
 the corkscrew flattened . 
 the hallway widened and ended with a massive iron gate . 
 beyond the iron gate were seven brick archways . 
 as i stepped towards the iron gate a strange noise stole my attention . 
 the faint noise grew slowly . 
 what is that ? 
 it came from the spiraling hallway . 
 something is coming down . 
 i backed against the wall of the hallway . 
 it was close now , only one or two circles left before the bottom . 
 i did n't know what to expect . 
 what the ? 
 the small black rectangle slid with tremendous speed down the corkscrew . 
 it shot straight across the floor and crashed unspectacularly into the iron gateway . 
 it was the journal . 
 i stared at it in utter disbelief . 
 how in the hell ? 
 after a few tense moments of questioningly looking at the journal i decided it was safe to look away . 
 my eyes swung towards the spiral . 
 journals do n't move on their own . 
 i strained my senses for any sound of movement at the top of the spiral . 
 a dozen heartbeats passed , i got up to retrieve the book . 
 i opened it . 
 my disbelief grew as i stared at the three entries . 
 the running ink had evaporated . 
 the writing was as clean and crisp as the day it was written . 
 not a single smudge or blemish existed . 
 the paper had no wrinkle or stiffness . 
 it may as well never have been wet . 
 i examined the three entries ; they looked the same as before . 
 i turned over the third entry and my heart stopped . 
 i dropped the journal from the shock . 
 written in furious and frightened script the once blank page held a new entry . 
 do n't leave me . 
 looking immediately back towards the spiral i thought , someone is up there . 
 my legs sprinted as fast as they could . 
 i barely covered a hundred feet before i panicked and sprinted down to retrieve the journal . 
 dammit . 
 with journal in hand i redoubled my efforts up the corkscrew . 
 the curve made my ascent awkward , the slope made it exhausting . 
 my legs pounded , blood overfilled my muscles , they felt as if they would burst . 
 i made it to the top . 
 where are you ? 
 i headed back to the antechamber , desperately gasping for breath . 
 the only sound was my own panting . 
 the room was empty . 
 splash . 
 i bolted towards the domed room . 
 i 've got you now ; the wells are the only you can hide . 
 adrenaline pumped through me , sand kicked up behind me in collapsing arcs as i crossed under the twilight . 
 there was a faint ripple in the center well . 
 i reached it . 
 my body collapsed with exhaustion ; the fury of my sprint came to an end as my muscles reached their limit . 
 the three wells sat motionless . 
 peering in the center well , the faintly glowing metal grate sat quietly on the bottom . 
 where the hell are you ? 
 beads of sweat distorted the surface of the well . 
 my lungs worked hard . 
 i 'm not chasing anyone . 
 i 'm chasing answers . 
 i 'm chasing an explanation . 
 what the hell is this place doing to me ? 
 still breathing heavily , i walked back down the spiral . 
 by the time i reached the iron gate my body had fully calmed down . 
 the journal sat tucked quietly in the small of my back , held by my belt . 
 i grabbed the iron lever at the side of the gate and firmly threw it up . 
 a small hiss of steam puffed from the edges of the gate as it rose into the ceiling . 
 seven brick archways lay before me , each leading to some unknown . 
 i looked down each one . 
 darkness . 
 nothing but the black void lay at the threshold of each one . 
 this is a labyrinth like no other . 
 i turned to retrieve another piece of green metal to light my way . 
 the gate slammed shut . 
 i was trapped . 
 chapter 5 -- blind the seven archways stood before me , tall and slender . 
 i studied them quietly ; they each ran off windingly into some massive unknown . 
 nothing but blackness could be seen . 
 nothing but emptiness could be heard . 
 the air was thick and stale down each corridor . 
 it was impossible for a human mind to comprehend the vastness of the maze . 
 i walked cautiously down the rightmost archway . 
 twenty paces into the darkness and the brick tunnel sharply changed direction . 
 i could no longer see the light of the entrance . 
 i panicked . 
 leaning against the gate staring into the arches i thought , i do n't want to go in there . 
 i ca n't go in there . 
 i spent some time trying to reopen the gate ; the lever was well out of reach . 
 i knew my efforts were in vain ; i wanted only the distraction of the effort . 
 maybe an hour had passed ; no courage had mustered within me . 
 i need a plan , wandering in a pitch black maze is suicide with no plan . 
 i imagined a simple maze in my mind . 
 i saw myself running around aimlessly , covering the same ground repeatedly . 
 the maze began to unfold in my mind , if you unfold it and it 's just a long walk to the finish . 
 i stood with the acceptance of the blankness i was about to enter . 
 i set off into the rightmost archway again . 
 i placed my right hand on the inner wall of the tunnel . 
 this is it ; you ca n't take your hand off this wall . 
 stepping slowly and methodically , my right hand was my guide and anchor . 
 stay right and it 's just a long walk to the finish . 
 you have to stay right ... fifteen minutes into the maze and the emptiness started to assault my mind . 
 only the rough feel of the brick and the quiet tapping of my footsteps filled the space . 
 my brain urged for some concrete sense of spatial awareness , there was nothing ; there was only the jackknifing , hair pinning , impulsive , indecisive brick walls . 
 every moment i felt comforted by the rhythm of my footsteps i would hit a wall or my right hand would touch a void . 
 turn left , turn right , turn right , turn left , dead end , crossroads , turn left , turn right . 
 it was maddening . 
 keep it together , follow the right wall . 
 my left hand was now permanently stationed in front of my face ; my scraped nose throbbed from the repeating collisions with the shifty walls . 
 i passed the time trying to figure out if it was darker with my eyes closed or open ; i could n't tell . 
 were they still open ? 
 were they closed now ? 
 i stopped to touch my face . 
 i poked myself in the eye . 
 tears dried salty as i cried in the emptiness . 
 the drum of my heartbeat was the loudest noise i had ever heard . 
 i wished it would be quiet . 
 just shut up for one second . 
 please be quiet . 
 thump . 
 thump . 
 just one step at a time . 
 keep your hand glued to the wall . 
 ignore your heartbeat , listen for danger . 
 what danger ? 
 the only danger down here is my growing insanity . 
 my pulse quickened . 
 dammit ! 
 another dead end . 
 relax , stay calm , keep moving , keep your hand against the wall . 
 keeping my right hand against the wall was the only way through the maze , it was the only way to survive , it was my lifeline . 
 anxious . 
 shaking . 
 filled with fear of the unknown . 
 my head smacked against the ceiling . 
 what was that ? 
 i pressed my left hand up , the ceiling greeted it instantly . 
 the space was tightening . 
 how long have i been in here ? 
 it must have been hours , my heartbeat was so obnoxious . 
 i ca n't think over all this racket . 
 my left hand now stayed tight with the ceiling . 
 the aching from holding my arm aloft slowed my progress . 
 periodically drop my left hand dropped to rest . 
 the ceiling height was constantly changing now . 
 some places i had to waddle through crouched down . 
 this is bullshit . 
 the ceiling sloped aggressively downward , pressing me tight to the floor . 
 this is such bullshit . 
 this is n't fair . 
 why the hell am i in here ? 
 i 'll be trapped here forever . 
 get a grip man ! 
 relax , stay calm , you can beat this . 
 the corridor narrowed tightly . 
 i 'll have to crawl through . 
 cautiously , i lowered myself to my stomach . 
 slithering was all i could manage . 
 my right hand stayed adhered to the wall . 
 crawling with one arm was awkward . 
 my elbows and knees scraped against the rough brick . 
 the narrow shaft seemed endless . 
 there was a sharp ninety degree bend that required painful contortion to pass through . 
 after twisting my body through the tight turn i lay for a moment to collect myself . 
 how long is this tunnel ? 
 the darkness seeped into my pores . 
 lying motionless in the tight corridor my minds defenses fell . 
 i ca n't turn around ! 
 oh christ i ca n't turn around ! 
 what if this is a dead end ? 
 how can i turn around ? 
 i 'll be trapped here . 
 why did i come into this hell hole ? 
 there was another way , i missed it , i missed it and now i 'll die in a brick coffin . 
 my heart pounded , my lungs screamed like bellows . 
 i pounded and kicked at the brick walls . 
 i screamed . 
 i shouted . 
 i pleaded for mercy . 
 i wept uncontrollably . 
 the panicked feeling never fully passed . 
 it took every ounce of strength to keep moving forward . 
 the terror of the void i had fought for so long in the maze had free reign in my head now . 
 thoughts of dark creatures silently stalking . 
 thoughts of invisible traps waiting to spring their steel teeth . 
 thoughts of burning fire . 
 thoughts of drowning water . 
 thoughts of every painful torture and method of destruction loomed in my periphery . 
 the tunnel widened , i could almost stand again . 
 i walked hunched through the blackness . 
 my right hand led me through the maze . 
 my mind continued to rebel . 
 i fought it back . 
 stay calm . 
 breathe . 
 keep moving . 
 keep your right hand to the wall . 
 listen to your senses . 
 do n't invent danger . 
 keep moving . 
 after hours of walking i needed to rest . 
 i sat leaning against the right wall ; my hand still touching it . 
 the urge to sleep became unconquerable . 
 i awoke violently . 
 you idiot you fell asleep ! 
 i was still slumped against the wall , but my right hand lay limp at my side . 
 what if i got turned around ? 
 all that progress wasted . 
 i could only hope some silent force had n't shifted me while i slept . 
 i put my right hand back on the wall . 
 my anchor had been destroyed . 
 i 'm sure this wall is the correct one . 
 am i really sure ? 
 i stood up and continued on . 
 doubt . 
 is this switchback the same as the other one ? 
 every change in the wall triggered it , what if i had been turned around ? 
 the thought of crawling through that claustrophobic tunnel a second time terrified me . 
 what if there are multiple tunnels like that ? 
 how could i know ? 
 in the absolute darkness i once again wrestled with my mind , this time against self-doubt . 
 shut up and keep going . 
 i continued forward . 
 a ghost in the maze . 
 do n't minotaurs live in labyrinths ? 
 my inner monologue was interrupted by a sensation . 
 was that a noise ? 
 i could n't be sure . 
 maybe i felt it . 
 something , some subtle ripple had reached me . 
 i stood motionless , i strained every sense . 
 my eyes widened in the inky black . 
 my ears twitched in the still air . 
 my skin sat poised to alarm the slightest touch . 
 ten minutes . 
 i 'll wait ten minutes , then i have to keep moving . 
 in ten minutes i grew into the maze , i was just a black vine scratching a living off the walls . 
 ten minutes of listening to blankness with every bodily instrument i had taught me the unknown art of nothingness . 
 i swam in it . 
 my mind played in it . 
 i reflected on the anxiety attack i had in the tight corridor . 
 it seemed childish now . 
 my body would n't lie to me , i am my body . 
 if there was a danger in this maze it was only myself . 
 ten minutes turned into many more . 
 for once i let my guard down . 
 the darkness did n't hide my enemies . 
 the darkness was my haven from the enemy . 
 with a new sense of comfort and nonchalance i marched onward . 
 my right hand drifted loosely against the brick wall . 
 i turned left . 
 i 've done it ! 
 the hint of a hint of light winked like a stick of incense burning in the distance . 
 my pace quickened . 
 the light grew with each step . 
 then with sickening disappointment i emerged back at the iron gate . 
 i had exited from the archway adjacent to the one i had entered . 
 the crushed hope was almost humorous , `` figures . '' 
 i shrugged and unhesitatingly swung around the open archway into the next corridor , `` oh well . '' 
 the second endeavor into the permanent shadow was easy . 
 occasionally an imagined fear or feeling of helplessness materialized but it was quickly dissolved . 
 i estimated i had been in the labyrinth devoid of my senses for more than two days . 
 down the third archway i encountered two more narrow corridors . 
 the only struggle now was physical as i moved endlessly hunching or crawling . 
 i rested briefly , limp against the right wall . 
 continuing my journey the frequency of sudden turns and dead ends began to lessen . 
 the hallway was widening as well . 
 am i close ? 
 i turned the corner and a faint breeze kissed my forehead . 
 the air smelt fresh and clean . 
 the center of the maze was near . 
 my pace quickened , this time it was different than when i had looped back towards the iron gate , this time i was going to make it . 
 excitement . 
 joy . 
 one last corner and in the distance a pale blue glow beckoned me . 
 i stood in disbelief at the edge of the brick archway . 
 i made it . 
 before me was a cramped circular courtyard . 
 the brick walls extended high up . 
 pale luminous icicles hung in the thousands . 
 their length was incredible , they climbed to infinity . 
 thick snow filled the courtyard . 
 in the center was a small white chest . 
 a wooden bench sat dutifully supporting a thick drift of snow . 
 two other archways ended in the snowy opening . 
 the achievement refreshed my mind while the cold air refreshed my body . 
 i brushed the snow off the wooden bench and sat staring at the beauty of the ice chandelier . 
 i was smiling . 
 chapter 6 - the box the box sat on its small granite pedestal , waiting . 
 i was drunk on sensation ; the glowing ice chandelier , the soft whisper of the breeze swirling in the courtyard , the stray snowflake bumping into my arm . 
 accepting the harsh nothingness of the labyrinth had given me a deep appreciation for my senses . 
 i trusted them . 
 i enjoyed the raw feeling of the snowy courtyard . 
 small puffs of warm breath escaped my nostrils . 
 my attention returned to the box . 
 it 's the next step . 
 the lid of the box was firmly locked . 
 i tried peering through the small keyhole to no avail . 
 the box off was much lighter than i had expected . 
 scratched in neat lettering on the bottom of the box was a clue to the riddle ; ` the key is in the box . ' 
 `` well that 's useless . '' 
 i shook the box . 
 the hollow knock of brass against wood confirmed the hint . 
 my attention jumped next to the granite centerpiece . 
 it bore four small holes on its surface . 
 i explored its features thoroughly . 
 the smoothness of the stone was refreshing , the jagged brick of the maze still fresh in my mind . 
 i tried moving it . 
 nope . 
 it was firmly rooted to the floor . 
 i returned the box atop the pedestal and paced slowly around it . 
 i was a painter eying his subject wondering what brush would best suit the task . 
 i stopped . 
 something felt wrong . 
 i 've forgotten something . 
 i searched my mind . 
 the journal ! 
 my belt was empty . 
 did i lose it in the maze ? 
 i turned to the bench , relieved at the sight of the black leather patiently waiting . 
 as i tucked the journal back into my belt a strange urge hit me . 
 well let 's just check , could n't hurt . 
 i sat down on the bench and opened the journal . 
 i flipped past the first three entries . 
 the scrawled ` do n't leave me ' sent a stinging chill down my spine . 
 i turned to the next blank page . 
 only it was n't blank , nor was the next page , or the page after . 
 seven more entries had appeared . 
 the box can wait . 
 ** entry # 4 they said i was perfect . 
 they said they were waiting for me to arrive . 
 they said the preparations had already been made . 
 they said my body was now their body . 
 they said my soul was now their soul . 
 they took me in the night . 
 they gave me my journal . 
 they said write . 
 so i 'm writing . 
 they 're animals . 
 entry # 5 i 've been a prisoner of the sisters for six days now . 
 the blinding fear has subsided . 
 i sit quietly in my cell , huddled naked next to the candle . 
 they told me i must write , if i do not write i will not survive . 
 occasionally a muffled whisper sneaks into my cell . 
 a cry of agony from another prisoner ? 
 the hysterical laughter of my two crazed captors ? 
 who could tell ? 
 they said they wo n't read it till it 's done . 
 they said the journal was for me , not them . 
 entry # 6 the first four weeks of my imprisonment were spent in isolation . 
 i ca n't tell the sisters apart , they are identical . 
 they are n't separate people ; they act as one mind in two bodies . 
 their precision and efficiency in their experiments is remarkable . 
 with the care of a surgeon they remove a small sample of blood from me every day . 
 `` this is your first purpose here . '' 
 she waved the vial of blood in front of me . 
 drawing blood takes only a few minutes but i remain bound to the chair in the laboratory for hours . 
 `` we do n't just need you to stay alive ; we need your mind to stay intact . '' 
 they buzz about the lab with some unknown purpose fueling them . 
 entry # 7 i still have n't spoken . 
 i 'm not sure what i would even say . 
 they have made it clear that they decide if and when i find out information related to my capture . 
 part of me curses my foolishness for being captured . 
 how simple it would have been to write a letter to my professors or my family telling them where i was or what i was doing . 
 i may have been captured but at least i would have the comfort of knowing i was being looked for . 
 another part of me , a darker part of me ... a part that had n't existed in me until now , wants to know their purpose . 
 what are they up to ? 
 why do they need my blood ? 
 why do they need my mind ? 
 entry # 8 my body has grown frail . 
 the rations are of poor quality and insufficient quantity . 
 my motionless existence has turned a strong back and sturdy legs into the soft flesh of a rotting apple . 
 my bones felt brittle , i 've been here for half a year now . 
 wasting away . 
 i 'm constantly being sampled , blood , hair , skin , feces , urine , semen , it did n't matter to the sisters , their purpose was unshaken by cumbersome morals or ethics . 
 they were ruthlessly efficient . 
 entry # 9 how long have i been here ? 
 could it be a whole year ? 
 `` you 've stopped writing have n't you ? '' 
 they asked me . 
 well they were n't really asking me , i was n't there , i was hiding in the corner watching two jackals converse with an empty husk . 
 they stood there oblivious , i tried to muffle my giggles , for a moment , they were duped . 
 one sister grabbed the husk 's chin , the other turned to my corner . 
 `` you need to start writing again , double rations if you write tonight . '' 
 i was back in the husk , just a hollow shell of man . 
 i write for food . 
 entry # 10 `` your mind is about to be broken , '' they told me . 
 i looked at the sisters with defeated eyes . 
 for the first time i spoke and asked , `` what do you want with me ? '' 
 they responded quickly and calmly , as if i commonly asked questions of them . 
 `` simple , we want the power that drives life , and we 'll do whatever it takes to get it . 
 tonight you 'll write your last entry , you wo n't die tomorrow , but you wo n't be able to write further . 
 our tests are complete and we are going to move ahead with the procedure tomorrow . '' 
 she held up a strange metal object . 
 it looked like the bones of some bizarre iron snake . 
 `` this is going on you tomorrow . '' 
 i stared at it perplexed . 
 i still can not fathom what it does . 
 my imagination is running wild with painful and demonic surgical procedures involving the strange object . 
 tonight is the last night i 'll be able to write . 
 i wish i wrote more . 
 i 'm curled next to my candle reading my past entries . 
 i 've accepted my unknown fate already , but acceptance is not peace . 
 i despise the sisters . 
 they are worse than evil , they are indifferent . 
 ** i could sense it . 
 it sat on the edge of my mind . 
 i had been shown a great clue into my ordeal . 
 my eyes drifted to my distant invisible captor . 
 i closed the journal and sighed . 
 the dots did n't connect yet . 
 i tucked the journal into my belt and looked again at the box . 
 i shelved the new information in my mind . 
 it needed time to be understood . 
 is it a fable ? 
 am i supposed to learn from it ? 
 is it a warning ? 
 thoughts about the true nature of the journal drifted quietly into my mind . 
 i stared at the box . 
 the thoughts drifted out . 
 the key is in the box . 
 the key is in the box . 
 the key is in the box . 
 if it 's in the box how the hell did the box get locked ? 
 i searched the rest of the circular courtyard . 
 the sheet of snow hid a hard layer of dead grass and frozen earth . 
 it might as well have been solid steel . 
 i looked up at the box . 
 i know where the key is . 
 i walked over to the box , only half sure if i should do what i was about to do . 
 why not ? 
 i picked it up , the wood felt thin . 
 it smashed against the brick wall of the courtyard and fell to pieces in the snow . 
 well the key certainly was in the box . 
 the small brass key seemed so insignificant , why was it locked in the box ? 
 i put it in my pocket next to the weeping man . 
 the inside of the shattered box was a thin layer of black velvet over unfinished wood . 
 i peeled it back carefully , hoping for another clue . 
 nothing . 
 there was something strange about the box . 
 i had loosely reassembled it . 
 it was missing something ; i was n't sure what it was . 
 the lid , there was something wrong with the lid . 
 what the hell is it ? 
 i stared blankly at the lid ; it had broken into two pieces . 
 i looked at the side walls of the box ; the back corner had taken most of the blow against the wall and was a splintered mess . 
 the locking mechanism still looked intact , cocooned in a shell of wood . 
 wait . 
 where is the latch for the lid ? 
 where are the hinges ? 
 it was just another wall of the box , shaped like the lid . 
 well what 's the lock and key for ? 
 intrigued , i hastily dug for the key in my pocket . 
 i inserted the key . 
 with a mix of curiosity and trepidation i turned the lock . 
 four metal leaves burst forth from the lock mechanism . 
 the wood surrounding the lock flew off , the force threw the lock out of my hand into the snow . 
 stunned in surprise and disbelief i stared warily at the star shaped object . 
 a second mechanical snap startled me . 
 the leaves had unfolded a second time leaving four slender metal rods protruding downward from the lock . 
 it sat there like a frozen metal insect . 
 i waited some time to make sure no more springs or switches triggered . 
 i picked up the opened lock . 
 my eyes jumped to the pedestal . 
 the four rods lined up with the four holes of the pedestal perfectly . 
 before i lowered the lock-turned-key into the holes i gave it a quick once over . 
 the craftsmanship was admirably precise , each piece neatly folded into the preceding piece . 
 i thought that if you could slow down the spring with some sort of gearing the unknown inventor could make the folding metal appear to bloom . 
 that was strange thought . 
 i firmly pressed the lock into the pedestal . 
 chapter 7 -- memories the granite pedestal began to descend . 
 the ring of permafrost surrounding it descended with it . 
 after a short journey downward i was embraced again by the warm yellow glow of fire trapped in glass . 
 the pedestal stopped at a small room dominated by a single dark wooden door . 
 i opened the door . 
 a strange sense of familiarity filled me . 
 `` hello , '' said a familiar voice . 
 i was completely disarmed ; the sound of another being overwhelmed me . 
 such a simple word . 
 i stammered in reply , `` h-hello . '' 
 `` please have a seat . '' 
 i walked up to the vacant chair in the room and sank into its soft cushions . 
 i just stared in bewilderment at my host . 
 `` do you recognize me ? '' 
 the mysterious man looked at me with a smirk . 
 the features were so familiar , where had i seen them , i had seen them in here . 
 `` i 've seen you before in here , i ca n't remember where . '' 
 `` think , friend . '' 
 it struck me like a sledgehammer . 
 `` you look just like me ; i remember it from my reflection in the wells . '' 
 `` excellent , we may begin , i know you have questions but i assure you my useful knowledge is limited to exactly what i 'm about to tell you . '' 
 i leaned towards my friendly doppelganger . 
 i sat half in awe and half in joy for the offer of companionship . 
 `` this study is the room of reflection . 
 i look like you because i am you . 
 i am the summation of all your past experiences and memories outside of this place . 
 there is an outside world . 
 there is a way to travel between the two worlds though collectively you and i have only discovered entrances not exits . 
 you found your entrance in the desert ; i found mine here in this room . 
 this room represents a way point on your journey , as well as another challenge . 
 you 're not dead . 
 not in the traditional sense anyway , for the time being it is fair to say you are dead to the outside world , but if you make it ... and if we can be reunited permanently you will very much no longer be dead . 
 now that we are in the room of reflection together i can see that you 've suffered quite a lot to get this far on your quest . 
 your presence and suffering here is a result of your actions in the outside world . 
 before you get upset with yourself , or me ; though there is n't really a distinction , you should know that you did n't specifically volunteer for this . 
 you 've been selected . 
 why and what for is a mystery to me . 
 because i am only a vessel of your memories i lack the deductive tools that you posses to figure any of this out . 
 lastly , this room is the link to your past . 
 i can not and would not stop you from reliving your past , but i must warn you that every memory you cherish and moment you revisit will make leaving this room even harder . 
 you can not take anything but this conversation with you from this room . 
 we are n't the first to visit the room , and i can not tell you why i know these things about this place . 
 all i can tell you is to keep trying . 
 if you are interested now you may relive any of your past memories through the books in this room , each is a different memory . 
 remember , you can not take anything you find in here with you , even your name . '' 
 ** even your name . 
 you can not take your name . 
 your most precious possession must stay behind . 
 you have no identity in this place . 
 every muscle in my body convulsed as i heaved and sobbed outside the door of the room . 
 i was pinned by the crushing weight of nothingness as every emotion ever felt in a lifetime ripped out of me . 
 i fought and struggled with the demons of my mind for an eternity as i lay shaking against the granite floor . 
 i was sweating and shivering at the same time . 
 i was breathing ash while choking on bile . 
 how long had passed ? 
 the shaking had ended and i lay on the floor a vacant shell . 
 only the memory of my conversation in the room remained . 
 the empty void that lingered in my mind before seemed more vacant and lonely than ever . 
 i knew what i had done ; i had torn through every shred of my previous existence that was offered to me in there . 
 i was a glutton feasting on my own self . 
 the hungering curiosity begged me to go back in , just my name it wo n't hurt so bad if i just learn my name . 
 i reached for the door . 
 no dammit . 
 the floor was still damp from my sweat and tears . 
 how many times have i gone in there ? 
 how many times did i fail to resist the monumental urge to know who i was ? 
 before i could repeat the mistake of entering the room i leapt for the granite pedestal . 
 i removed the key and it rose painfully slowly . 
 there 's still time to slip back down , there 's still a chance to know who you are . 
 i edged towards the closing gap . 
 if i go back in there again i 'll never leave . 
 i shuddered at the thought of how long i had been down there , how many times had i turned back to the room ? 
 the conversation i could recite verbatim , the familiar pull of the door , the cozy feel of my cushioned chair . 
 i ca n't go back . 
 the searing emptiness of the labyrinth reflected the emptiness of my mind . 
 the hollowness of the void where my memories had lived was a painful scar in my mind . 
 i swallowed against the lump in my throat . 
 i did n't move to make progress ; i stepped back into the inky darkness of the maze to escape the truth of the room , to escape myself . 
 i placed my right hand back on the right wall . 
 it led the way . 
 the distraction was n't working . 
 my thoughts kept turning back to the room of reflection . 
 i ca n't even know my name . 
 why ca n't i know my name ? 
 what the hell is this place ? 
 what did i do to be sent here ? 
 who sent me here ? 
 i chewed on questions that did n't have answers for hours while i silently followed my right hand . 
 i rounded another corner in the maze to be greeted by the gentle glow of the spiraling walkway and the iron gate . 
 the gate is still closed . 
 i walked down the last hallway of the labyrinth towards the gate . 
 what is that ? 
 i strained my eyes and senses towards the end of the tunnel . 
 there was something there . 
 it was too far away to make out . 
 i heard a whisper , a faint gurgling noise . 
 i was fifty yards from the entrance when i finally could make out the outline of a man . 
 i froze . 
 it stood silently at the iron gate ; it stared directly at me , but not with eyes . 
 it stared at me with the plea of mercy , begging me to take pity on it . 
 i had no choice but to move towards it . 
 as i got closer i could make out no face , it was wearing something dark that covered it from head to toe . 
 the gurgling noise grew into a distinct sound of labored wet breathing . 
 i was terrified . 
 it just stood there , staring , waiting , piercing my being . 
 what is that ? 
 who is that ? 
 i moved closer . 
 by the time i had mustered the courage to reach the brick archway i could make out the beast that stood opposite the gateway , waiting for me . 
 it was the shape of a man , covered in stained , wet burlap . 
 it stood with the slumped pathetic posture of a frightened animal . 
 nothing but the shape of it was human , it was the same defeated husk i was when i had exited the room , only it lacked the will or strength to reclaim its humanity . 
 it smelled terrible ; the soggy strained breathing was the only hint of life . 
 i stared at the burlap walking corpse and it stared back at me . 
 a few minutes passed and the creature remained motionless . 
 the freezing feeling of fear i had felt when i first saw the creature had turned into a sad pity . 
 what sort of existence is that ? 
 this thing has been stripped of everything of value and has been denied the asylum of death . 
 i moved to the edge of the iron gate . 
 with a sickening grinding noise the head of the creature turned towards me , following my movement . 
 the switch that had let me into the labyrinth was still well out of reach . 
 the creature just stared at me . 
 i could n't even imagine the grotesque form that hid under the burlap , it was inconceivable . 
 every ounce of life has been taken from this man . 
 i stopped , the memory of the journal entries jumped into my mind . 
 i reached for the journal . 
 the sickening bone grind of movement returned as the burlap man 's arm reached through the iron bars at the journal in my hand . 
 `` this is yours is n't it ? '' 
 i did n't expect a reply . 
 he stood silently groping for the journal . 
 i reached it out to him cautiously ; i could hardly stand the sight of this man let alone risk it touching me . 
 the edge of the journal reached the loose burlap covering the man 's hands . 
 he grabbed it and pulled it tight to his chest . 
 for a moment he stood there , relishing the return of his journal . 
 then with a symphony of sickening grinding and clicking he hobbled slowly towards the gate lever . 
 the burlap man had set me free . 
 i hope that journal can set you free . 
 i was as grateful to be released as i was to be rid of the burlap man . 
 he clicked slowly past me into the dark labyrinth . 
 the gate slammed shut behind him . 
 i imagined the utter terror i would have felt if i had met that beast in the swallowing darkness , groping for his journal . 
 as he turned his back to me for the first time i saw the origin of his pain , embedded in his spine and the base of his skull was a metal framework that resembled an iron snake . 
 a stray drop of blood released its grip on the metal frame . 
 he 's still suffering . 
 i wanted to help him , but i knew that his only respite would be death . 
 you 're out now , focus on the present . 
 it was difficult to turn myself back up towards the spiral . 
 i looked at the black solace of the labyrinth . 
 if it can hide him , it can hide me . 
 the tease of the room of reflection put an ache in my chest . 
 the glass ring of fire in the antechamber greeted me warmly . 
 its heat and glow were comforting . 
 the labyrinth gave me a greater appreciation for its beauty . 
 the swirling details of the flame seemed to pop out at me . 
 this place is changing me . 
 chapter 8 -- tools the third door awaited me . 
 what next ? 
 i now embraced the challenging nature of my imprisonment . 
 i 'm either being tested or punished , hell maybe both . 
 the pain of the room of reflection had dulled enough to be tucked away in the back of my mind . 
 the thought of the burlap man popped into my head . 
 if the burlap man is here , what if the sisters are too ? 
 my subconscious was a step ahead of me ; images of the two demons materialized . 
 oh god they 've been with me the whole time . 
 it seemed odd their two attacks had failed . 
 maybe they had n't maybe those first two attacks were just the preamble . 
 the journal 's entries were clear about the sisters ' ruthless methodical nature , why then would they act as wild monsters ? 
 strange , something else might be influencing them . 
 the only thing i did n't doubt was the success of their experiment , their aura of raw power was only matched by the terror they instilled . 
 they 'll be back . 
 the door of the third room opened with drama and pantomime from an excessively elaborate opening mechanism . 
 sliding rods and rolling gears shifted in the exposed innards of the door . 
 it broke into four layered pieces and vanished into the floor , ceiling , and walls . 
 the air was wet and warm with the steady exhaust of steam . 
 the short hallway ended in a vast room filled with machinery . 
 it 's a workshop . 
 i walked around the workshop aimlessly ; i felt the childlike urge to drift my hand over every object in the room . 
 in one corner was something that had the vague familiarity of a chemistry set , in another , strange interpretations of metalworking tools . 
 many of the tools were foreign to me ; scraps of the glowing green metal littered the floor . 
 the back wall was a honeycomb of storage bins . 
 filled with nuts and bolts and other assorted components , the whole place had a whimsical feel to it . 
 it seemed so out of place . 
 why is this here ? 
 why is this the third room ? 
 am i supposed to build something ? 
 i scoured the room for a set of instructions , or a design layout , something to steer me in the right direction . 
 nothing . 
 i do n't get it . 
 i walked out of the workshop back to the center room . 
 i made a quick stop into the first chamber , maybe i missed something . 
 my thoughts turned to the labyrinth , how could i go back in there now ? 
 if i forgot some crucial information in there it was going to stay there . 
 i decided to return to the surface . 
 the bright intensity of the sun was blinding , its power was forgotten in the maze . 
 the endless sweep of the desert clashed with the sealed space of the underground . 
 i kicked waves of sand in front of my feet as i circled the obelisk . 
 i looked at it questioningly . 
 steam vented from one of the panels . 
 i 'm going to win . 
 you 'll break before i do . 
 inner pep talk finished , my feet brought me back inside the obelisk . 
 on my gusty descent back to the antechamber my musings had turned into the loose formations of a plan . 
 i walked towards the fourth door in the antechamber . 
 it was smooth and featureless aside from the four circles . 
 i knocked on it . 
 maybe someone will answer ? 
 the dull echo gave me a clue as to its thickness . 
 i headed towards the workshop . 
 the tools felt awkward in my hands , i fought my inexperience with patience and focus . 
 i slowly pored over the wall of parts . 
 i had burnt myself a few times discovering what the various steam valves in the room did and affected . 
 much of the machinery in the room was powered . 
 steam whistled from lathes , drills , and saws . 
 thankfully , i found the two critical components of my design , a set of hoses and a steam driven motor . 
 my first test of the contraption was an abysmal failure . 
 the motor spun the drive too fast and with none of the necessary torque . 
 the rotating components vibrated so badly they broke before i could shut off the steam valve . 
 the shattered pieces were unsalvageable and needed to be retooled completely . 
 test number two went better , the gearing off of the motor was closer to what i guessed it would need and the vibrations were reduced to tolerable levels . 
 time for some field testing . 
 i dragged the piecemeal contraption into the antechamber and in front of the fourth door . 
 the hoses were n't long enough and it took me a few minutes to find the correct fittings to attach more length . 
 that should do it . 
 i turned open the steam valve in the workshop and headed back towards the door . 
 the drill bit turned slowly . 
 i lined up my makeshift drill perpendicular to the door . 
 here goes nothing . 
 i braced myself behind the drill and gave even steady pressure to it . 
 the drill bit chewed at the door with sloppy imprecision . 
 satisfied that my plan would work i returned to the workshop to improve the design . 
 i added a sliding rail with a lever arm so i could easily apply pressure to the bit without moving it off center . 
 i adjusted the feet of the stand so they could be raised and lowered as i progressed through the door . 
 i lost myself in my work ; it was more fulfilling than solving the other puzzles of the facility . 
 the feel of the tools in my hands against the metal i was working on was deeply satisfying . 
 the process of creating filled me with pride , the time i spent meticulously setting the gearing of the drill would pay dividends in hastening my venture through the fourth door . 
 reality snapped me from my work for a moment . 
 what 's beyond the door i wonder ? 
 for the first time i had a real chance to prepare for the unknown , to prepare for the showdown with the sisters . 
 it seemed inevitable ; it was the only thing that could be behind that door . 
 well ... who could know for sure ? 
 the upgraded drilling rig was set up at the fourth door . 
 a weapon maybe ? 
 something to protect me ? 
 some armor ? 
 while rigging up the steam hoses i had settled on a sword and shield . 
 pretty minimalist but anything more will just slow me down . 
 a slender bar of green metal fit the bill nicely . 
 i began shaping and grinding it into a sword . 
 the unusual weight of the metal kept the length necessarily short , no longer than my forearm . 
 the work was slow , but the transformation from raw material to a honed blade was fantastically rewarding . 
 a simple ring of metal served as cross-guard . 
 strips of rubber gave my hand good purchase on the hilt . 
 the sword felt solid in my hands . 
 i swung it against imagined enemies . 
 now , a shield . 
 there were already discs of unused metal of the correct shape and thickness that needed only a small amount of work . 
 i took my time to perfect the simple design , adjusting the angle of the handles , the thickness of the padding , and how flat or convex the shield was . 
 it was ready . 
 time to work . 
 i could n't put off my fate any longer . 
 move forward , do n't stagnate . 
 i leaned the sword and shield against the wall in the hallway of the final door . 
 sitting behind my drill i began my first hole through the door . 
 one by one the drill punched small holes in the door . 
 the holes had connected into a complete line at the base of the door . 
 i replaced the well-worn bit and began to draw the line upwards . 
 after hours of being bathed in the hot steam bleeding from the motor the job was finished . 
 i had drilled the outline of a square in the door ; the postage stamp shape cut loose fell inside the fourth room . 
 we 're in . 
 dripping in sweat i pulled the drill aside and grabbed my sword and shield . 
 this is it . 
 i crawled through the small cut square into the final chamber . 
 chapter 9 -- interview the final chamber was an expansive room filled with narrow pillars . 
 the pillars capped with small glass obelisks filled with the same ceaseless flame . 
 it was a field of a thousand glass candles standing proudly atop their towers . 
 the pillars descended in height towards the center where one lone pillar stood chest high topped with a large glass orb . 
 i approached cautiously , sword and shield at the ready . 
 swirling in the orb was a pearly black fluid ; it emitted a pale blue glow that fought with the warm yellows and oranges of the glass obelisks . 
 i peered warily around the center pillar . 
 i was ready for the black haze to spawn at any moment . 
 come on . 
 nothing . 
 the orb sat there pulsing blue and swirling black . 
 it was intoxicating . 
 i sheathed my sword and grabbed the orb . 
 `` i would n't let go of that . '' 
 i turned searching for the origin of the voice . 
 he stepped from the forest of pillars and approached me . 
 i began to release the orb , my mind had already moved to drawing my sword . 
 `` i really , really would n't recommend you let go of that until we talk first . '' 
 my left hand had come off the orb slightly ; a spider web of cracks had formed where my hand had been . 
 i hastily returned my hand , worried what the shattered orb might release . 
 with suspicion i asked , `` ok , who are you ? 
 what is this place ? '' 
 the man in the black suit and tie let loose a sly smile , `` i 'm death . '' 
 `` the grim reaper ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` why am i here ? '' 
 `` this is a job interview . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 he paced around me sizing me up , his eyes turned to my sword and shield . 
 `` i like your drill ; it was a clean solution , simpler than the one i imagined . '' 
 `` thank you , but you are dodging the question . '' 
 the confidence i spoke with was strange to me , somehow my successes beforehand had validated me . 
 `` i 'm interviewing you for my job , well , my assistant and eventually my partner . '' 
 `` you need help killing people ? '' 
 `` sort of , my job is misunderstood . '' 
 `` well , what do you do then ? '' 
 he stopped circling me and leaned casually against one of the pillars in front of me . 
 a sharp crack in the glass stole my attention for a moment as one of my fingers twitched momentarily off the orb . 
 `` careful . '' 
 he eyed the glass . 
 `` this will let out the sisters wo n't it ? '' 
 `` yes , and you 'll have to kill them . '' 
 `` and if i ca n't ? '' 
 `` you 'll die , if that is your fate you can still be proud friend ; no one has come this far yet , you 're the first to get farther than the room of reflection . '' 
 `` how many before me ? '' 
 `` just two . 
 my prerequisites are very specific . '' 
 `` am i about to die in the outside world ? '' 
 `` yes , you were about to die in the outside world , i came to you because you were strong willed enough to resist death . 
 most that need a visit from me fight their fate because they fear death , regret their past , or ca n't let go of love . 
 only a few fight death for the right reason ; because they simply were n't finished living . 
 those with a fire for life get a second chance , those with something more , come here . '' 
 `` do you like your job ? '' 
 his laughter was vibrant and contagious . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he looked at me with eyes wet with sincerity and said , `` that is the question you asked me outside this place , when i came to help you release your grip on life . '' 
 i looked at him , reciprocating his sincerity and shrugged `` i 'm a curious person . '' 
 he smiled and nodded , looking idly at his fingertips his face went dark and foreboding . 
 `` my friend , the sisters you are about to face are a foe like no other , their power mirrors my own because its source is the same , the essence of life . 
 you 've proven your physical strength in the room with three wells . 
 you 've shown your mental strength in the abyss of the labyrinth and the torture of the room of reflection . 
 you 've shown your creativity in the steam workshop . 
 but when you release that orb , it will shatter , and it will release the sisters , unbridled . 
 this is your last test ; it 's a test of the most crucial characteristic you need to have to join me , the will to truly live . '' 
 he started walking back into the forest of pillars . 
 i just stared at him , still absorbing the words he said . 
 he turned , just barely visible . 
 `` i forgot to tell you , it 's the best job in the world . '' 
 with that he vanished . 
 i was alone again . 
 i stared at the orb . 
 before when they attacked the leash was on , now the outcome would be decided . 
 the finality of it both frightened me and gave me relief . 
 this is the end . 
 i let go of the orb , it shattered instantly and the pearly liquid exploded into the choking black haze . 
 ** the fire filled caps of the pillars were just tiny specks of light now . 
 the haze filled my lungs but i fought the urge to cough . 
 i held my sword and shield with white knuckles . 
 where are you ? 
 the green glow from my sword and shield gave me a small purchase in the haze . 
 their demonic battle cry rang through the great hall , one from the far corner , another from the entrance . 
 they charged towards me . 
 drunk on power and rage they plowed heedlessly through the pillars towards me , cutting no corners , doing nothing to mask their sole desire to annihilate me . 
 the first sister was nearly to me , they were unbelievably fast for their size . 
 focus , fight the fear , you can beat them . 
 the pillar adjacent to me exploded as i jumped out of the way . 
 my sword swung blindly in the cloud of rubble . 
 i made contact . 
 before i could enjoy the howl of pain the first sister made , the second one had reached me and sent my body flying through the room into a far pillar . 
 the adrenaline stood me back up quickly but my body shook , ringing from the blow . 
 they bolted towards me . 
 move ! 
 i ran into the forest of pillars . 
 they bore down on me relentlessly , they could outpace me in a straight line but i could turn harder and faster . 
 the pillars slowed them down as well . 
 their jagged teeth snarled at me during the chase and when i could risk it i turned and swung my sword at whichever beast was closer . 
 we fought like this until all but a handful of the pillars had been shattered . 
 tiny puddles of flame spotted the floor from the shattered glass . 
 i had cornered myself , one sister slid into the wall while the other smashed through one of the last few pillars . 
 we stood staring at each other , gasping for breath . 
 their hulking fleshy bodies trembled with each breath . 
 they were beasts unlike any other , each so massive the ground cracked under their weight . 
 i have to separate them . 
 the sisters sat back , coiling for a killing blow . 
 i anticipated and sprinted towards the one closer to the entrance . 
 i had just enough speed to run against the wall as i cut at the sister 's back . 
 another howl of pain . 
 the two hulking monsters collided in the corner . 
 they turned and charged , i was halfway through the rubble . 
 the haze was thinning , the wounded sister lagged behind . 
 i reached the entrance , the first sister now at my heels . 
 you 've got ta move faster if you want to live ! 
 i could feel her bloodlust ; the aura of hatred was as palpable as the choking haze that accompanied them . 
 i dove through the square hole cut through the fourth door . 
 i did n't look behind me when i heard the violent crash of metal . 
 i headed straight for the workshop . 
 the sisters smashed recklessly through the mass of tools . 
 i lead them through the steamworks , the injured demon crashed into a tree of steam pipes and valves . 
 the room went white with the hiss of steam accompanied by the howl of the injured sister burning . 
 i felt my way through the workshop . 
 the uninjured sister lost my trail for only a moment . 
 sprinting across the antechamber the hulking monster emerged from the steam room back in the hunt . 
 i moved like a madman towards the elevator . 
 you can make it . 
 as i sprinted past the large glass ring of fire i swung my sword furiously . 
 fire spewed violently from the gash , the ring wobbled as the fire escaped its hold . 
 i had reached the lift as the ring collapsed to the floor . 
 fire exploded everywhere and the room began to tremble . 
 i threw the switch as the demon bolted through the wall of flame . 
 it roared with bitter hatred as i climbed away from the antechamber . 
 it 's not over yet . 
 the elevator reached the machinery room at the base of the obelisk . 
 it was quiet ; the haze lay outside obscuring the sun . 
 it was much thinner now ; the second sister must be badly injured . 
 i walked outside stepping on sand where there had once been a massive obsidian panel . 
 i looked up to see the panel flying towards me . 
 it crashed with thunder against the wall of the tower . 
 the sister slammed back on all fours and sprinted forward . 
 i did the same . 
 a massive sweeping claw reached for me as i slid under her exposed belly . 
 my sword made contact as her flesh tore open . 
 an inhuman howl of pain shot out . 
 we turned to face each other , another wild claw reached for me ; my shield blocked it at the expense of my footing . 
 i flew fifteen yards in the air before reuniting with the earth , catching stone discs as i slid to a stop . 
 badly rattled from the blow i fought the urge to stay down and recover . 
 i climbed up using my sword as a crutch . 
 the sister lay dying on the ground as the haze began to lift . 
 her shape had no thread of humanity left in it . 
 i limped towards her wheezing hulk to finish the job . 
 i lifted my sword over her misshapen skull and severed it . 
 as my stroke fell a shriek of pure fury echoed from the base of the tower . 
 the second sister stood before me , flesh bright pink from the burning fire and steam . 
 `` you 're next . '' 
 i pointed my sword at her . 
 i was bluffing . 
 the sister limped towards me slowly gathering speed . 
 i barely had the strength to stand . 
 there was nothing left , my body was broken . 
 one enemy lay dead , to slay another would cost too much . 
 the monstrosity barreled down on me . 
 i dropped my shield . 
 i lifted my sword . 
 at least i 'll die fighting . 
 with the last of my reserves i mustered up one final effort . 
 my sword flew from my hand ; it had just enough room to spin once fully before it buried itself in the neck and shoulder of my final enemy . 
 she collapsed but still carried the momentum of her massive body . 
 she slammed into me . 
 darkness . 
 chapter 10 -- found the light was uncomfortably bright ; i just wanted to sleep in for a few more minutes . 
 i tried fidgeting to get into a more comfortable position but pain jolted through my body . 
 oh god i wish i was still asleep . 
 i saw the silhouettes of two men standing over me . 
 `` well done my friend , well done . 
 you do n't have to suffer anymore . '' 
 the man kneeled and placed his hand on my head and chest . 
 the pain evaporated . 
 `` wow , do that again please , '' i asked unashamedly . 
 a few moments later and my wounds were fully healed , pain nonexistent . 
 my eyes adjusted to the light and i saw death and myself standing in front of me . 
 `` these belong to you . '' 
 death pointed to my twin , he smiled and stepped forward . 
 `` wait , '' i asked , `` should i take my memories back ? 
 what if i want to go back to the other world ? '' 
 `` you wo n't . 
 you should take them back ; the past is important , just not for my job interview . '' 
 death 's tone was cheerful . 
 my two bodies reunited as my memories and identity flowed back into me . 
 i felt uncannily whole , every piece of me was in the right spot . 
 i was myself again . 
 i turned to death , `` now what ? '' 
 he started walking , `` we should turn the obelisk on . '' 
 we headed towards the tower . 
 `` what 's with the grid of identical stones ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i like tessellations . '' 
 `` do i get an initiates set of scythe and black robe now ? '' 
 death chuckled , `` only if you want , if you wear enough black the mark typically recognizes you immediately , a part of them always wants to be freed from their grip on life , even if only subconsciously . '' 
 `` i feel different . 
 i feel really different . '' 
 death stopped and looked at me . 
 `` we are the next step in evolution ; i came into being starting in 215 a.d. i went through the same transformation that you just did , though mine was substantially longer because i was n't in a place like this designed to facilitate the transformation . 
 in 1882 i had a discussion with a dying mark who was an evolutionary scientist , after a long talk about the human species and my role he classified me as homo sentiens . 
 i had never thought to classify myself within taxonomy before so i liked the label ; it helped me stay connected to my ancestral species . 
 it 's important you understand this immediately , you are not human anymore , we once were and our dna is expectedly similar . 
 we have abilities and powers that no human will ever possess . 
 i do n't fully understand the difference yet , though i am studying it . '' 
 the black pedestal that opened the interior of the obelisk emerged from the ground where it slept . 
 death kneeled and picked up one of the stone discs and handed it to me , `` your first insight to your power as a reaper , rearranging matter . '' 
 i looked at death with curiosity . 
 `` go ahead , change it . '' 
 `` okay , '' i replied , i had no reason to doubt anything he said . 
 the disc melted in my hands into a stone flower . 
 i thought it , and it happened . 
 `` well done , we 'll discuss more of that later , but now you must dispatch your first mark . '' 
 with a wave of his hand the bloodied burlap man appeared before me , laying in the fetal position clutching his journal . 
 pity filled me , `` what happened to him ? '' 
 `` marius 's fate is unusual ; i did n't know it could happen actually . 
 the sisters ' only goal in life was power ; they sought it by studying the essence of life . 
 they wanted to harvest it for themselves . 
 the internal spark that drives our cells is the same force that facilitated your evolution to homo sentiens . '' 
 death continued , `` through that rather ingenious contraption they put on him they were able to extract some of that spark for themselves . 
 unfortunately they lacked the ability and humility to control such power and it twisted them into the beings you fought so bravely . 
 his refusal to accept death is involuntary ; it 's a result of the iron rods embedded in his spine and skull . 
 you 'll need to remove them . '' 
 marius lie whimpering curled around his journal ; i kneeled putting my hand on his shoulder . 
 blood oozed through the burlap . 
 `` i 'm sorry they did this to you marius . '' 
 as i said goodbye to the shattered man i pulled the iron snake from his back . 
 he went limp . 
 i looked up at death . 
 `` that 's the way it goes my friend , '' he said reassuringly . 
 `` i know i just felt bad for him . '' 
 death looked at my pocket and pointed , `` that 's who you should feel bad for . '' 
 i pulled out the statue of the weeping man , `` who was he ? '' 
 `` the last person to come here , he made it to the room of reflection and could n't let go of his past life . 
 he stayed in there for a decade before he tried to leave ; the grief killed him when he stepped through the door . 
 he wept for a month before he let go of life ; that is my tribute to his effort . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 thoughts of my own past filled me , `` it 's letting go of love that 's the hardest . '' 
 `` i know , he spent ten years with the memories of his wife , in that room , he just could n't let go . '' 
 the image of my lost love filled me ; she would never be mine again . 
 `` how long was i in the room of reflection ? '' 
 death replied coolly and precisely , `` just over nine months . '' 
 i looked at him with bewilderment `` wow i had no idea . '' 
 for the first time death looked solemn , i could only guess what great loves he had to let go as well . 
 `` you said there were two before me . 
 who was the other ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the first person i brought here had the mind to finish but not the strength . 
 the body and mind are not separate ; both must be strong and united to evolve . '' 
 `` the wells ? '' 
 i guessed . 
 `` yes , he managed to get both of the colored orbs but died panicking in the center well . '' 
 he turned to the black pedestal , `` you 're strong enough to turn it the other way now . '' 
 `` what does it do ? '' 
 the same smirk he gave me in the room of pillars returned on his lips , `` you 'll see . '' 
 the top of the pedestal rotated easily in the opposite direction , it clicked firmly into its new position . 
 the ground rumbled , death stood with his hands idly in his pockets staring at the top of the obelisk . 
 i did the same . 
 the ventilating panels all erupted cascading down ; they shed from the tower like leaves from a tree . 
 two loops of metal emerged from the ground and secured my feet to the earth . 
 the ground began to shake as the gravity faded . 
 death looked at me , `` you might have guessed this by now , but we are not on earth . '' 
 `` that thought came to me when i first realized the sun was n't moving in the sky . 
 so where are we ? '' 
 the pull of gravity stopped . 
 `` an asteroid i modified as your test facility . '' 
 the gravity was slowly growing , pulling us upward . 
 wait a second . 
 `` are we being pulled into the sun ? '' 
 `` we certainly are . '' 
 `` how is that not a bad thing ? '' 
 `` there might be a few cells in your body that are still human ; we need to get rid of them . '' 
 the wind began to howl upward as the gravity began to build . 
 the stone discs began drifting lazily off the ground into the air gathering speed and falling upwards towards the growing sun . 
 i turned to death who still stood casually staring at the sun . 
 `` you know self-immolation was n't high on my to-do list of things should get done as a higher being . '' 
 he laughed saying , `` you 'll know what to do when we get there , and do n't worry about it now , just enjoy the ride . '' 
 the pull was ferocious ; the metal panels littered around the tower began to fly off the ground into the sky . 
 the sun filled my view . 
 the life giving ball of fire did n't blind me , for the first time i saw its true beauty swirling and burning brightly . 
 `` do n't you need this place in case there are more people like me ? '' 
 i had to yell over the roar from the swing in gravity . 
 `` no , it 's served its purpose ; you 'll build the next one when the time comes , '' death shouted back . 
 the heat began to melt everything around us , i felt a vibration all around my body , i had full control . 
 a few patches of my skin burnt off and were replaced instantly . 
 the sun had nearly engulfed everything , fire and light swirled around me and my companion . 
 the sun reduced the asteroid to nothingness , the obelisk disintegrated , death and i floated next to each other . 
 i could bend matter effortlessly to my will ; it was the simple matter of rearranging atoms . 
 death made a large sphere of glass and encased us in it as we flew through the heart of the star . 
 death looked at me , `` it 's beautiful is n't it . '' 
 `` like nothing i 've ever seen . '' 
 `` we 've got a few marks to visit , are you ready ? '' 
 `` how long till we get to earth ? '' 
 `` shade over eight minutes . '' 
 i pulled some of the sun into the glass orb , the small ball of fire flew around us , i rearranged it into a black suit and tie . 
 i adjusted the cuffs on my sleeves and then my tie . 
 looking smug with satisfaction , `` let 's go . '' 
 death looked at me incredulously , `` great the first person i get to share enlightenment with and he 's a prima donna . '' 
 i smiled and shrugged as we headed back to earth . 
 ### about the author how awkward is it writing your own author bio ? 
 i have n't written anything publishable until this piece , what am i supposed to tell you ? 
 i 'm currently twenty-two years old . 
 i 'm from charleston , sc . 
 i studied exercise physiology at the university of florida . 
 i like doing bro-stuff with my bros , were i a dinosaur i would be a broloceraptor . 
 yes , that is a real dinosaur , and yes it could easily tear your face off . 
 thank you so much for reading my work ! 
 please remember this is a work of fiction . 
 any likenesses to your own encounters with death are completely unintentional and coincidental . 
