 iÁstron volume i of the gilaxiad -- second edition -- by james c. dunn iástron volume one of the gilaxiad copyright 2013 james c. dunn smashwords edition cover art by : fahad sulehria @ novacelestia.com smashwords edition , license notes this book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy at smashwords.com , where they can also discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 all characters , organizations , and events portrayed in this novel are either products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 isbn-13 : 9781301527328 give feedback on the book at : gilaxiad@gmail.com iástron : -lsb- yah-stron or , ee-yas-tron -rsb- adjective : exhibiting signs of bodily and/or instinctual tendencies toward inhuman and possibly even otherworldly ability noun : a iástron person origin : 3900-3910 a.c.e ia - + stron -lsb- translation : ` bearer of the echo ' -rsb- luna athenaeum -- record hall 19.134 chapter one the fall of europa a cavernous tear cleaved through the high ceiling , dust and debris fell , a single scream echoed down the endless corridor , and ava lucasta knew they had come . 
 the walls around her appeared as though to melt away before her aged eyes , dissolving from soft ashen grey to a sinuous stream of deathly black slime . 
 a thousand drums pound and beat and her heart galloped within her weakening chest . 
 but ava lucasta had a task to complete . 
 the fate of the iástron people she held tight within her shuddering palms . 
 she took a deep breath , steadied her trembling arm which had been resting , knuckles worn , upon the banister beside . 
 and she ran . 
 her mind raced and her bare feet creased in pain as she hastened down the corridor . 
 no longer silent , the concave embankments that guarded her home had kept the army at bay for as long as they could . 
 but its pounding rhythm advanced toward the heart of the sanctuary , far beneath the ice sheets of the frozen moon of jupiter where the iástron children slept . 
 lucasta 's home , though concealed , unknown , and considered the most protected place in the established galaxy , was about to be laid to ruin . 
 above , among the higher stratums of impenetrable ice , scores of bodies marched , uncounted weapons were charged , a great many cheers roared out , and long years of propitious plans merged into a single force . 
 it was an almighty storm that had brewed . 
 by morning , control would rest with the army that had gathered . 
 as the walls of the refuge trembled and shook , lucasta entered quickly into the girls ' dormitory and headed for the bed at the farthest end . 
 there a cherry-haired young girl slept soundly . 
 she woke her in silence . 
 there was n't time to rouse the others , though it killed her that she could n't warn them ; they were trapped down here , and very soon they would all be dead . 
 lucasta pulled the young girl from the dorm and half dragged her down the rumbling corridors . 
 left and right , down low and lower still . 
 ` where are we going , lucasta ? ' 
 the girl asked . 
 ` shhh now child . 
 come . 
 faster now . ' 
 the master had asked for this one , and this one alone . 
 ` bring her to me , ' he had said . 
 ` she is a single hope , down among this dark . 
 her capacity for survival is above all others . 
 i have seen it . 
 this child will survive tonight . ' 
 and so she pulled her alongside , surrounded by confusion and fear as the army above closed in . 
 she prayed . 
 she pleaded with fate that there was time ... in minutes they reached the rumination chamber . 
 huge , emerald copper doors opened without a hand and they walked silently across the dark marble floor . 
 in the centre of the room sat a young boy , cross-legged . 
 his eyes were closed . 
 they moved forwards until they stood before him , the doors closing involuntarily behind . 
 he opened his eyes and looked up . 
 ` master , ' she said . 
 ` we do n't have much time . ' 
 he blinked , looking from her to the girl , and then back to lucasta . 
 ` how far ? ' 
 she shook her head . 
 ` much too close and gaining foot by the second . 
 they 're coming for you , peter . 
 it 's you they want . ' 
 ` we have no time at all , ' he said , and he turned to the girl . 
 ` how do you feel , ximma ? ' 
 ` frightened . ' 
 ` you have no reason to be frightened , ' peter said as he rested a palm on her shoulder and lowered her to the floor . 
 ` not while lucasta and i are here . ' 
 lucasta watched carefully , backing away and sitting upon a long marble settle bordering the room . 
 ` do you dream ? ' 
 peter asked ximma . 
 the young girl mumbled a timid ` yes ' and looked across to her ; lucasta smiled , nodding receptively though she knew nothing of peter 's intentions . 
 ` good , ' he said . 
 ` and what do you dream of ? ' 
 ` they 're ... frightening . ' 
 ` frightening ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 ` what frightens you , ximma ? ' 
 the little girl breathed in deep . 
 ` humans . ' 
 they continued the quiet exchange for minutes more , seemingly unaware of the marching and the drums and the fire which raged all around them , deep beneath europa and descending toward the lonely chamber . 
 lucasta bowed her head . 
 the old woman trusted peter . 
 she listened to his voice , focusing on the gentle tone and youthful melody of his words . 
 ` imagine something for me if you will , ' peter said to the quivering girl . 
 ` do n't think too much ; though do n't allow your mind to wander . 
 simply close your eyes . 
 in your mind 's eye conjure the image of an empty corridor . 
 it is long , straight , and narrow . 
 there is only silence and the lights are flickering , offering split seconds of alternating vision and dreaded darkness . ' 
 his voice carried through the great space and bore them both to the very place of which he spoke . 
 ` can you picture it ? ' 
 ximma nodded . 
 ` good . 
 up ahead you begin to see something move ... in and out of the darkness ... a creature , so utterly terrifying that your blood is frozen ... your heart stone . 
 it races towards you faster than you can flee , carrying with it a shrieking hiss which freezes you in your place . 
 you see it ? ' 
 ximma nodded . 
 ` a human ? ' 
 ximma nodded . 
 ` i see . 
 you have now but three choices : to turn and run back down the passage from whence you came , or take one of the unknown paths leading off to either side . 
 or else you can charge straight ahead at the creature , and hope beyond all hope that it is the human which flees first . 
 the choice ... is yours alone . ' 
 lucasta leaned forward , examining both master and student . 
 the young girl fastened her eyes shut , concentrating . 
 the young boy -- their master -- did so too . 
 smiling gently , he watched her thoughts and the testing choice she now considered , connected in a way few could ever understand . 
 lucasta , on the other hand , studied the child 's cautious expression , her tightly bunched eyes and pursed lips revealing the struggle within in a way which made reading her delicate mind relatively pointless . 
 ` what is it to be , ximma ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` i ... i would ... ' ` yes ? ' 
 ` i would -- ' a deafening thud connected with the copper gates . 
 the three reeled around in panic . 
 the chamber lights went out and an agonizing groan signalled that the enormous doors were being torn apart . 
 the groan was followed by distressing yells and roars . 
 the light from outside the room poured in and as the gates melted away one-hundred crimson-cloaked forms strode through . 
 peter stood and the old woman rushed over to clutch ximma in her arms . 
 the surge of cloaked bodies coursed around the room , moving slowly towards them . 
 then , without warning , lucasta was thrown into the far tiled wall as though assailed by a titanic freight craft . 
 she collapsed onto the dark slabs , her brittle body numbed with pain , and the child ximma charged to her side . 
 peter remained motionless : a young boy surrounded by death . 
 peter marx , however , was no child . 
 he may have appeared young in body , but he was older than any who now lived . 
 he raised his arms and the crowd stopped , silent . 
 they watched him intently . 
 ` you have come here for me , ' he said . 
 ` so take me . ' 
 lucasta could n't move from her position , set upon her belly , but she watched a young man step to the fore , dressed in grey , cloaked also in red . 
 he was taller than the others , and she studied how his large eyebrows met in the middle with a most unsettling glare . 
 he gazed down upon her master and smiled . 
 peter breathed out . 
 ` marrak ... ' ` peter , ' said marrak . 
 ` do not fight us . ' 
 ` i do n't intend to . ' 
 ` good . ' 
 marrak turned and walked from the chamber . 
 also turning , his own scarlet cloak flowing behind him , peter left with the assembly . 
 as what was left of the old green copper doors slammed closed , the young girl backed up and the elderly iástron held her close . 
 however , three of the men that had entered the rumination chamber remained . 
 lucasta stared at them with unmoving , elderly eyes . 
 faces frozen , they gazed back . 
 a strained sensation fell above them , like a vacant over-blanket which sapped all energy and effort . 
 she had never seen her master in such a way ; out of the corner of his great mind appeared to bleed a thing she had never seen in him before . 
 fear . 
 he had left without protest , regardless of the damage this army had done . 
 she had to know where they had gone . 
 she had to find her master . 
 she had to help . 
 ` tell me , ' she said to the three men in her most imposing intonation , ` is it customary to hold prisoner like this an elderly woman and an innocent child ? ' 
 they each looked to one another , and the closest stepped towards them . 
 ` the girl may leave , but you must stay . ' 
 the iástron snorted . 
 ` we will have the girl . 
 she will be taken somewhere ... safe ... with the rest of the children . ' 
 he smiled toothily and with a firm hand took hold of ximma 's wrist . 
 but she , the old yet powerful iástron lucasta , took his as he did so , looked up from the ground , and cried , ` we are not your enemies ! 
 they are . 
 help us to leave here at once ! ' 
 ` wait ! ' 
 yelled one of the other men , reaching for his holstered blaster . 
 ` do n't go near her ! ' 
 too late . 
 the iástron released ximma and whipped out his own weapon , triggered it , and fired . 
 thump ! 
 the black marble floor welcomed the man 's warm remains . 
 the other held his arms high in surrender . 
 ` good , ' lucasta said as she took ximma 's hand and staggered from the room , the now hostage-held iástron and his guard courteously holding the warped doors open . 
 in minutes lucasta and ximma were rushing swiftly down the pristine-white and mazelike corridors of the station europa . 
 deep beneath the frozen moon , the iástrons ' haven had been secret for many years . 
 and lucasta , whose back now splintered with creasing pain , focused with all her power , penetrating the surrounding structures of the station until the small life-sign of peter marx materialized before her . 
 as lightning strikes in an instant flash against the darkened sky she saw him . 
 ` there ! ' 
 keeping the child behind her she raced along the corridors , until they reached another chamber , closed off on all sides . 
 that was it . 
 as she slipped through an opening of a single side entrance , a formidable voice spoke out . 
 ` hold him still ! ' 
 the young boy , marrak , was only twenty years old ; and yet he and peter were so alike , not only in looks , but in other , more dangerous ways . 
 peering around the corner , lucasta looked over the dark-red crowd and almost gasped when she saw her master . 
 covered in his own blood , he hung suspended on the far side of the room , encircled by a dozen more iástrons . 
 each stood apart , arms reached out to hold him in place . 
 marrak paced among them , circling peter -- humming , musing , taunting . 
 he stopped . 
 ` how many children are here , peter ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` how many iástron children live down on these levels ? ' 
 ` three-thousand six-hundred and thirty-four , ' peter replied . 
 ` and you chose them all ? ' 
 ` every last one of them . ' 
 marrak smiled . 
 ` the children of europa ... the iástron children ... little echo-bearers . 
 they have a song down here , you know ? 
 do you want to hear it ? ' 
 peter said nothing . 
 ` no ? 
 well i 'll tell it to you ... ` deep beneath the moon we lie ; cut off from life , now ask us why , ` we struggle with the rest you see ; cursed , bloody ... not meant to be . ' 
 silence filled the crowded chamber . 
 ` marrak , ' peter said . 
 ` you -- ' ` use my full name ! ' 
 ` no . ' 
 marrak smirked . 
 ` you fear me ? ' 
 ` i fear what you plan to do . 
 i fear that which fills your mind . 
 the struggle you are losing with yourself . 
 remember everything i taught you . 
 stop this now . ' 
 marrak laughed ; a long , cold , childlike laugh . 
 ` so , ' he said , pacing once again , ` our people tell me that the golden armies of titan have at the last overcome dark and molten crilshar . 
 we all knew it was nothing but a matter of time until the war was over and the humans stopped fighting amongst themselves ... ` but , as no one else seems to gather , therein lies our problem , peter . 
 you have been helping titan and the alignment . 
 i know you have . 
 and now there is peace out there , the attention will turn back to us . 
 the hunt that began will now continue . 
 they will come for us . 
 they will find us . 
 and every last one of us will die ! ' 
 ` you 're wrong ! 
 we are safe down here . 
 they will not find us . 
 you do n't need to do this . ' 
 marrak stopped pacing and stood before him . 
 ` i am taking the iástrons to war . 
 with or without your help . ' 
 ` help is not what you want from me . ' 
 marrak shook his head . 
 ` the result of your touch gives us our abilities : an echo of your own gift . 
 you are more powerful than all of us combined . 
 even now you are holding back for fear of harming one of us . 
 i do n't want to kill you , but i do want your gift . ' 
 peter sighed . 
 ` a gift is given . 
 it is not taken . ' 
 ` so you will give it to me ? ' 
 peter smiled . 
 ` no . ' 
 ` wrong ! ' 
 marrak reached out his arm , pointing his finger . 
 directly at lucasta . 
 her head snapped to the side as though something had connected with her cheek . 
 ximma screamed and the two were pulled by some hidden force from their hiding place , through the parting crowd , and into the centre of the room . 
 warm blood dripped down the old woman 's face . 
 she wiped it aside and stood , slow but defiant . 
 marrak pulled her toward him as others took hold of the young child . 
 he held lucasta 's throat in one hand with throbbing pressure . 
 peter 's face burned as red as hers . 
 ` marrak , stop ! ' 
 he said , fighting for freedom , unable to move . 
 his captors kept their distance , hands outstretched , holding firm . 
 ` then give me your gift ! ' 
 lucasta , looking down to her blood-covered hands , realised her master could n't surrender his power . 
 not to this madman . 
 ` i wo n't ! ' 
 ` then she dies ! ' 
 marrak 's fingers tightened around her neck . 
 her faced burned . 
 the room spun . 
 ` stop it ! ' 
 he said ` stop ! ' 
 lucasta shook , raised up so that her feet no longer touched the ground . 
 her eyes made contact with those of her killer . 
 she raised her hand , brought it up to his face , and gasped , ` stop . ' 
 marrak let go . 
 she fell to the floor , and said , ` free peter marx ! ' 
 ` your tricks are only as powerful as your quarry will allow ! ' 
 he said , swiping his hand across her face and sending her flying into the crimson crowd . 
 pushed forward from behind , she slammed into the floor . 
 she looked to peter . 
 ` you 're ... right , ' she said , panting for breath , and she turned to another iástron towering above her . 
 ` free peter marx ! ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 marrak cried , but it was too late . 
 lucasta 's puppet had thrown himself at one of the men holding peter in place . 
 they both fell to the ground . 
 the others turned , distracted , and peter plummeted from above . 
 ` kill him ! ' 
 marrak screamed in a fury of rage , and the men around him fired their blasters at their old master . 
 peter stood , and as though an impenetrable wind had suddenly filled the air around him , bright light , bullets , and screaming men and women took to the air all about him . 
 lucasta , however , did not wait to see what happened . 
 she turned and crawled across the room toward the place ximma lay , while all about her light and dark collided in a roaring storm . 
 she took ximma 's hand and turned to see peter fighting back an attack from marrak himself , who , in an effortless bid to overwhelm him , was now tearing the room apart . 
 ` if you wo n't join me , ' marrak said over the tumult , ` and you wo n't give me your gift , then i will force you to fight ! 
 if you have nowhere to hide , your only option is war ! ' 
 ` do n't punish them , ' peter said , averting a dark gust of energy and driving it into the metal structure above . 
 ` europa must remain ! ' 
 marrak forced the ceiling above them to collapse , crying , ` europa will fall ! ' 
 lucasta took a deep breath . 
 she picked up ximma , who held her tight with streaming tears , and moved to find the way out . 
 but before she could , the dark figure of a man blocked her way . 
 he held up a blaster . 
 a bright flash filled her vision . 
 then a burning pain in her chest . 
 she fell back , dropping the child , and watched the ceiling above collapse inward . 
 down ... down ... falling ... crushing ... overwhelming ... darkness . 
 * * * flashing images saturated lucasta 's mind , cold dreams of death and ice . 
 screams were all she could hear . 
 white flame and her master 's voice . 
 lucasta lay on her front , looking down at dark ice . 
 colossal shelves folded in on themselves and her home disappeared below . 
 a weeping sounded , and shivers fell down her spine . 
 all was white and black . 
 ` lucasta ... lucasta , wake up ! ' 
 lucasta looked up . 
 peter 's mourning eyes of cold sapphire looked down . 
 he held her in his small , trembling arms . 
 ` wh ... what happened ? ' 
 she looked to her blood-covered clothing . 
 ` my chest -- ' ` you were shot , ' he said . 
 ` i managed to heal you as we abandoned the moon . ' 
 ` shot ? 
 what ... how ... the others ! ' 
 she gazed around to realise they were inside an escape pod . 
 above , to the side , and all around , through the clear , crystal-like casement , she could see masses of ice collapsing , hurtling down towards them . 
 ` it 's all right , ' peter said . 
 ` we 'll make it out . ' 
 ` but the others ... ' peter placed a hand on her shoulder . 
 ` marrak destroyed the structure beneath the moon . ' 
 lucasta almost stopped breathing . 
 ` europa 's gone ? 
 it ca n't ! ' 
 she paused . 
 ` where is everyone ? ' 
 peter closed his eyes . 
 ` tell me they survived . 
 peter , tell me it 's not just us ! ' 
 his lip quivered . 
 she looked around . 
 ` where 's ximma ? ' 
 ` lucasta i -- ' ` where 's ximma ?! ' 
 ` she ... she did n't make it out . ' 
 ` you said she would ! ' 
 ` well i was wrong . 
 she 's gone , and so has everyone else . 
 i made a choice . 
 i picked you up and ... and ran . ' 
 a thunderous crunching sound broke upon the escape pod . 
 peter twisted towards the controls and keyed in a series of commands , before turning back to lucasta . 
 she tore at her hair , beyond hysterical . 
 ` lucasta , listen to me . ' 
 ` it was my fault , ' she whimpered . 
 ` no . 
 it was mine . 
 i 'm so sorry . ' 
 he took her face with both hands . 
 ` i have to go . 
 there 's no choice now . 
 we have to disappear . ' 
 ` i 'll stay with you . ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 he said . 
 ` you wo n't be safe -- not with me ! 
 but there is somewhere you will be . 
 you will travel a small distance -- to the greatest moon of saturn -- and there upon titan you will stay , safe but secret . 
 until you receive my call . 
 we will see each other again , lucasta . ' 
 she felt a tear roll down her cheek as she gazed up through the crystal screen . 
 almost beyond the outer crust of ice . 
 what light there was waned rapidly into the dark of space . 
 ` i have a close friendship with a family on titan , ' he said . 
 ` the berenguers are good people . 
 the general and his wife have a young son , ruben . ' 
 she looked down . 
 her home had gone . 
 ` lucasta , listen to me ! 
 go to titan . 
 join them and watch out for them , especially the boy . 
 i know that with your guidance and teaching there will be hope yet for the systems . 
 and humanity . ' 
 ` but not for the iástrons , ' she said . 
 peter said nothing , and turned back to the controls . 
 ` i will do as you say . 
 but my thoughts will always be with you ... until that day . 
 until the day i receive your call . ' 
 peter turned back and held out his youthful hand , stroking her dark , furrowed cheek . 
 he smiled sadly . 
 she 'd known him all her years , though she had grown old and grey , whilst he , with his night-black hair and impenetrable skin of radiant paleness , had not aged a moment . 
 he reached behind his head and removed his necklace ; it was silver , bearing a small , dark orb at the chain 's end . 
 he handed it to his old student . 
 ` well then , l ... lucasta , ' he said , ` this is goodbye . 
 b ... but only for now . 
 take it . 
 this necklace is to be cherished . 
 i was given it a long time ago . 
 it protects the bearer in uncertain odds and holds part of the gift i have carried for many years now . 
 take it and stay safe . ' 
 they emerged from the white and blue-covered moon , drifting far , the giant form of jupiter suspended below them . 
 she leaned forward , but peter shoved her back . 
 a crystal screen shot out between them , splitting the pod in two . 
 ` this is where we part , ' he said . 
 ` no ! ' 
 ` this is goodbye ... ' ` we ca n't ! ' 
 ` ... but only for now . ' 
 a jarring thud sent tremors through the craft . 
 lucasta fell onto her side , shutting her eyes . 
 when she finally found the courage to open them a small gasp left her lungs . 
 and she watched , silently , as the other half of the craft drifted away . 
 peter 's palm pressed up against the glass , and she held up hers , watching as he disappeared , far off into the distant , lonely dark . 
 chapter two 50 years later 4262 a.c.e infinite streaks of fierce , gusting flame disappeared through the vessel 's viewing portal , replaced by an eternal canvass of blinking astral bodies . 
 as his grand ship achieved its destination , general ruben berenguer surveyed the lone planet ahead -- shrouded in the violet-hued light of three moons . 
 several days it had taken to reach the planet rotavar . 
 several days of serenity coaching , unsavoury nutritional supplements , and the most uncomfortable sleep imaginable . 
 but it would be worth it if he found himself able to complete his task . 
 gazing at the image displayed on the far wall of the viewing platform , however , the general was not entirely convinced the profits outweighed the perils . 
 masses of metal rose before him , drifting in unfathomable might and terror . 
 they flowed forward like glistening bodies , the largest of which echoed stars in its mirror-like hull . 
 it moved away from the rest ; and from the backbone of that foremost , spiked vessel , the enemy watched with unease . 
 the darkness of humankind had ever been greed and fear , and the worlds of each man fell apart that witnessed the terror of they whose ships blocked the way . 
 for they were of the world crilshar : dwelling place of the dark house of dishan and its cruel , endless armies . 
 ` push through ! ' 
 ruben told his navigators as he stared into the face of darkness . 
 ` but general , ' replied the pilots on the large screen before him , transmitting from the centre of the vessel , ` they are too strong and too many -- ' ` i said push through ! ' 
 they hesitated again , glaring at the intimidating sight : black , spear-ridden vessels blocking any view of the planet behind . 
 ` you heard him , ' yelled ruben 's captain , ernesta mendoza . 
 ` do n't you dare slow us down ! ' 
 she nodded to her general and the pilots obeyed . 
 his ship continued . 
 the image on the large screen in front split in two and up flashed the image of a man , his face contorted into a twisted smile . 
 his irises were red , the whites of his eyes not white , but a black deeper than the distant pits of the mining world , ineri . 
 black-boned shoulders were disturbingly buttressed by pale , skeletal skin . 
 ` who dares pass through a blockade of the dishan ? ' 
 he said with a voice which rattled the walls of the general 's viewing platform . 
 the creature 's tone was sharp , vicious , and entirely unforgiving . 
 ruben knew the plan -- it was his after all -- but the count was short . 
 he had no time to waste bartering words with a vulgar crilshan . 
 ` you will abstain from hindering the path of this vessel , ' he said with a resilient authority . 
 ` this is the quasar . 
 you have no doubt heard of such a vessel , what it can do , and who commands it . ' 
 the crilshan scowled , said nothing to counter . 
 rigid moments passed before the man replied . 
 ` you may not pass into the rotavarian system . ' 
 ` is that so ? ' 
 ` what my lord commands me is so . ' 
 ruben glanced at a nearby screen , charting the positions of the enemy vessels , before staring the envoy deep in the eye . 
 ` we have you at close range . 
 if you are not prepared to allow us passage then you force me to take your vessel . ' 
 nervous faces filled the viewing post . 
 crew members looked to each other with mounting unease . 
 captain mendoza stepped forward , her hand hung inches from the general 's relaxed limb . 
 the crilshan grimaced again . 
 ` you yourself will be destroyed ! ' 
 ruben nodded once . 
 ` if you knew anything of my ship and my crew you would know that we are willing . 
 but know for sure that you will not survive . 
 i promise . ' 
 the screen flickered . 
 the crilshan moved as though debating the threat with nearby commanders . 
 dark filled the monitor . 
 nearby crilshan vessels began to move aside . 
 the enemy stood down . 
 * * * ruben berenguer closed his eyes and sighed . 
 his tall demeanour , the tidy cut of his ashen beard , but above all his general disposition , revealed a man quite obviously well-militarised . 
 his slim livery of black and gold was appropriate for a senior commander and a man of his age , and he favoured his uniform over any other attire . 
 captain mendoza , on the other hand , was shorter and somewhat muscular . 
 her dark and gold armour was just as tight-fitting , but , as she often reminded ruben , how else would he catch sight of her voluptuous curves ? 
 having moved from the viewing centre at the front of the ship , the two boarded the quasar 's shuttlecraft with a dozen hardened guard and seated themselves quickly . 
 burning light soon filled the space all around them . 
 this had better work , he told himself as he listened to the harsh sound of fatigued metal boiling on the outer surface of the craft . 
 entering the atmosphere of the accentauriban colony known as rotavar , to him the exterior threat was of no concern ; it was the task at hand which caused him to perspire so furiously . 
 the crilshan blockades in the fourth system were growing . 
 but he had dealt with commanders of such low calibre many times before , the very mention of his name or that of his vessel generally enough to discourage most enemies from picking avoidable clashes , even if that meant allowing him through a hostile line of crilshan barrage-vessels -- illegal as their blockade was . 
 it was a freedom afforded to very few . 
 mendoza sighed anxiously beside him and tilted her head back drowsily . 
 ` nervous ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ruben leered at her . 
 ` me ? 
 no . 
 you ? ' 
 ` oh no ... definitely not ... no , no , no . 
 this is exciting . 
 no . 
 what in titan 's name is there to be nervous about ? ' 
 he grinned , swiftly wiping away a creeping bead of sweat from his forehead . 
 now drifting through the uncommonly thick night-time clouds of the world , the reality was he felt more than a little uneasy , even if he could n't reveal it . 
 in due course the misty veil of vapour cleared to reveal a view resembling a cloudless night sky : an enormous , black city boasting a multitude of skyscrapers , shimmering lights emanating brightly from each of them . 
 peering out of a small porthole he could make out half a dozen cities on the landscape , stretching to the horizon far beyond , each separated by vast , desolate tracts . 
 ` so this is rotavar ? ' 
 mendoza said , shrugging her well-built shoulders wearily . 
 ` i do n't like it . ' 
 * * * prickly sweat spilled from every aperture on ruben 's body as he marched down an exposed runway . 
 his captain nudged close behind and the elite guard trailed farther back still . 
 ` furka ! ' 
 swore mendoza , trotting up alongside . 
 ` it 's blistering hot ! ' 
 he chuckled . 
 ` you should see it in the day . 
 the northern cities of rotavar get a mere point-three-four discs of rainfall a year . 
 in some areas it takes a decade to fill a single cup . ' 
 she scoffed . 
 ` then why are so many people out here ? ' 
 ` do n't forget that rotavar is a third generation colony . 
 it 's strategically important to the samosian queendom . ' 
 ` evidently not important enough to fight the blockade currently choking it to death , ' she said . 
 ruben smiled at her , shaking his head . 
 the sturdy captain had once led a charge of early recruits at a ramshackle legion of crilshan soldiers , only to find that she was the only one striking . 
 what impressed him most was the fact that mendoza , having realised she was running alone , continued on . 
 she fought off thirty crilshans before help arrived , and ruben promoted her a week later . 
 they had remained close ever since . 
 the point was : although a brave woman , mendoza could find the energy to moan at the most inconsequential of matters . 
 they both gazed ahead and stopped . 
 as an undeclared rule , trumpets would sound and mighty drums roll to signal their arrival ; but this time it was not so . 
 it was the middle of the night and in the furtive silence the rotavarian defence force had assembled to meet their guests and act as escort . 
 so much effort , he thought . 
 so much risk and they really have no idea of the true nature of this visit . 
 pity . 
 ` your coil , sir ? ' 
 asked one of the allied soldiers as they were halted by a line of emerald-clad men . 
 the general nodded , taking from his waist-strap the traditional blade of his guard . 
 an electric-casting , hard-coiled weapon , the coilbolt had been used by his people for centuries . 
 his was unique to his position , and it had always been -- or at least for as long as he could remember -- tradition for the host world to examine and ensure the authenticity of the visitor 's weapon . 
 there were too many biologically-altered impersonators these days ; but such a blade , which only worked for whom it was made , could never be replicated . 
 the soldier handed the coil back to ruben , who ignited it so as to prove his identity . 
 sparks of sapphire littered the ground and a low hum hung in the late-night air . 
 ` thank you , general , ' the soldier said ; he bowed and allowed the entourage to carry on down the runway . 
 in the distance a man dashed towards them . 
 he too was dressed in light emerald armour and a dark green coat . 
 ` rotavan ! ' 
 he said , out of breath , saluting the two . 
 ruben returned the salute . 
 mendoza managed a grunt and a lacklustre wave . 
 panting , the soldier said , ` my name is chief aleksey vasily of the rotavarian defence force . 
 if you 'll permit , we would like to accompany you to your sleeping quarters and see that you settle in . ' 
 ruben nodded in agreement , but the chief continued : ` may i say what an honour it is to be in your presence tonight , sir ! ' 
 ` no , no , no , ' the general said . 
 ` the honour is mine , chief ... ' ` aleksey vasily , ' he repeated , deliberately slow . 
 ` okay , greetings are over , ' mendoza grunted . 
 ` where do we sleep ? ' 
 chief vasily led them all down in steady formation . 
 it took twenty or so minutes to reach their destination -- just beside the raised hillside structures that made up the government quarter -- and being understandably exhausted , they were left to their own devices for what remained of the early morning . 
 the unpleasant sound of mendoza 's snoring in the room next door echoed through as ruben sat upon his bed . 
 he closed his eyes and activated the circular device on the wall beside him . 
 this particular appliance was connected to the transmitter in the centre of the rotavarian capital , which in turn relayed the transmission to the quasar , currently in orbit , and from there through each free world in the occupied systems of humanity . 
 the crilshan forces had taken control of all orbiting rotavarian satellites and the blockade had been jamming -- and continued to prevent -- any communication leaving the colony through all such means . 
 several minutes passed while he sat in silence . 
 then without warning the projector , also positioned upon the wall , cast an image into the middle of the room and the beautiful face of his niece was at once smiling before him . 
 ` anna , my dear , ' he said , almost welling up . 
 ` how are you ? ' 
 ` relieved , you silly old man ! ' 
 she said . 
 ` i 've been waiting by the image-link for hours , worried to sickness ! 
 are you there now ? 
 did you pass the blockade ? ' 
 she was sat on her bed in a pale nightgown , her knees tucked tightly into her chest . 
 ` we passed the blockade . ' 
 ` how ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` the same way i always pass , my love . 
 where 's your sister ? ' 
 ` in her workshop , as usual , ' she said , sweeping long auburn tresses over her ears . 
 ` busy working on her silly pet . ' 
 ruben laughed and stole a moment to look upon anna 's heart-rending face . 
 guilt flushed through him . 
 having spent so much of his niece 's childhood away among the systems , fighting and aiding other worlds , he knew there was so much he had missed . 
 anna had n't wanted him to go to rotavar this time either , and he knew he had his priorities very wrong , but he could not refuse an order from the higher power on his home . 
 he did not have a choice . 
 titan needed him . 
 ` how will you return ? ' 
 anna asked . 
 ` surely the crilshans wo n't let you pass again . ' 
 ` if they know what is best for them , they will , ' he said . 
 ` what worries me is tomorrow . 
 i do n't even like speaking to the mob of hungry politicians we have on titan , never mind other worlders . ' 
 ` do n't be silly , ' she said . 
 ` nothing scares you . ' 
 ` i wish that were so . ' 
 ` you 'll be fine . ' 
 she smiled . 
 ` just speak from your heart . ' 
 ` i will . ' 
 a knock sounded on his bedroom door . 
 was it time already ? 
 he looked back at his niece 's image . 
 ` i wish i could be there with you , ' she said . 
 another knock . 
 ruben stood . 
 ` so do i , anna . 
 focus on your studies at the institute and soon enough you will be . 
 soon enough . ' 
 chapter three ruben stared at a life-size image of himself , hovering frozen in the middle of the darkened room . 
 he backed up and sat in his chair , positioned in front of a curved metal desk . 
 on the other side sat a second man , his outline only visible through the diminishing glow from the skylight overhead . 
 the motionless duplicate began to move , and stepped up to a pixelated podium . 
 ` we have been through much , rotavar and titan , ' spoke ruben 's copy . 
 ` yet , through all the trials the four systems have thrown our way , we have endured ... and more , we have thrived ! ' 
 the sound of cheering and rounds of applause filled the dark room . 
 the image of the general smiled and said , ` i still remember my first visit to this beautiful world . 
 my father brought me here as a child , and i recall being amazed at the blueness of the sky ... the softness of the sand in the streets . 
 unfathomable splendour is what called me back here . ' 
 another applause of approval . 
 ` two-thousand years ago man ventured out into the stars , hungry for knowledge and enlightenment . 
 but what they found was war ... and conflict . 
 no peace . 
 the unity now known so far away on earth is not shared with us -- their colonial friends . 
 but i promise you , it soon will be . 
 before long , we too will have peace . 
 ` however , there is much we have all yet to do . 
 remaining steadfast is one of them . 
 and i refuse to lie to you : hard times are ahead . 
 i am sure you are all aware of the tribulations occurring within the systemal alignment at this very moment . 
 i am here today , proudly , to say that no matter how hard times become , rotavar and titan will always remain the closest of allies , especially in these times of difficulty . 
 titan is forever your friend and will always stand by you -- ' the image stopped dead . 
 ` and we know the rest , ' said the man behind the desk . 
 prime minister edgar mokrikov leaned forward and touched the table . 
 the window-shutters lifted , the lights in the room went on , and the real ruben berenguer twisted in his seat , watched the image of himself disappear , and nodded his head . 
 ` they still eat out of your very palm , ' mokrikov said with a smirk . 
 ` if only i could have them gorge on my words , being prime minister would be much more straightforward . ' 
 ` listen to them , ' ruben said , ` and they just might . ' 
 mokrikov laughed , adjusted his long silken suit , cobalt blue . 
 ` do you know what they call you here ? 
 the lone general . 
 tall and kingly . 
 standing there with his proud bearing and honourable message . 
 we both know the purpose of your visit . ' 
 ` to reinforce and improve relations between titan and rotavar . ' 
 mokrikov shook his head . 
 ` the real reason ? ' 
 ruben took a breath . 
 ` the threat has been realised , edgar , and it is far worse than any of us previously thought . 
 the high lord yux dishan and his forces beneath crilshar have gone too far this time . 
 your people still have n't been informed of the blockade currently imposed upon your world ? ' 
 ` this is true , ' mokrikov said . 
 ` it would do only to increase the instability and cause more panic than our small colony can handle . ' 
 ` understandable in these times . 
 and there is yet no word from the samosian capital ? ' 
 ` no word . 
 no help . ' 
 ` we will do what we can . ' 
 reaching into his desk and pulling out a bottle mokrikov poured two small glasses of a sickly sweet emerald liquid . 
 the overpowering odour of wormwood was nauseating . 
 the general lay back in his chair , ignoring the glass the old prime minister pushed forward . 
 ` it 's worse than it was fifty years ago when our fathers fought crilshar . 
 blockades ? 
 illegal invasions ? 
 what next ? 
 it 's only a matter of time until we discover another deep , dark secret ascending from the caverns of his world ! 
 and then it may be too late . ' 
 the old general , however , was met with an unexpected response . 
 ` i know the threat , ' mokrikov said , knocking back his drop in a single gulp , ` but to have a strong and united human league once again would be a good thing , surely ? ' 
 ruben stood up from his seat forcibly . 
 ` the last time i checked we did , only it 's known as the systemal alignment , not the dishan alliance upon crilshar ! ' 
 ` the alignment is not what it once was . ' 
 ` only because we have allowed it to become so . ' 
 he paced the room rapidly . 
 ` bah ! ' 
 said the prime minister . 
 ` it seems to me that all of this militant thought on titan has clouded your peoples ' judgement . 
 what can we do against the power that has emerged from crilshar these recent years ? 
 the last titan-crilshan war ended in untold deaths . 
 why are you rushing to meet them in battle again so very soon ? ' 
 ruben gazed out at the shimmering city of kondogopas in an attempt to compose himself , but found that the ginger bumblebee attempting to fly through the pane of glass only aided to perturb him more . 
 he had just spoken before the entire government and populace of rotavar , committing titan to any cause the rotavarians embarked upon ; and this man would not even consider supporting his . 
 ` do you think i want another war ? ' 
 he asked , turning . 
 ` do n't you ? ' 
 ` nobody wants war . 
 battle and betrayal are but the means for something more . ' 
 mokrikov frowned . 
 ` so what is this something more the dishan want ? ' 
 ` crilshans , ' he explained , ` are motivated by the idea , the obsession , presented by unity , by conformity , by perfection . 
 that 's all they want . 
 but it 's the twisted image of perfection and what they are willing to do to achieve it that makes them so dangerous . ' 
 ` maybe it would be wiser of me to submit , ' the prime minister mumbled . 
 ` i have no energy for war . ' 
 the general closed his eyes . 
 ` nothing would be more foolish . ' 
 ` bah ! 
 choose your words carefully , general ! 
 i must make the right choice for my people . 
 not titan , or for any other worlds ! ' 
 ` then make the right choice and do not fall for deception . 
 all they want is a human race of their likeness , and their likeness alone ! ' 
 ` you may say that , safe in your golden city ! ' 
 ` edgar ! 
 you know of the horrors crilshar is capable , but it 's not only you in the lightning bolt 's path . 
 all worlds know of crilshar 's hatred for my home , their greatest rival for centuries . 
 the house of dishan has been attempting to infiltrate titan for decades . 
 and if my home is to fall , mark my words yux dishan will make sure the rest will follow ! ' 
 he sat back down and stared at mokrikov intensely . 
 ` what are you trying to say , general ? ' 
 ` unjust and corrupt -- that is how i would describe the dishan regime . 
 and for many generations it has been and will remain , i warn you . 
 unless we do something . ' 
 the lord of rotavar made no reply , and the general altered his tone . 
 ` enough debating ! 
 as much as i enjoy it , i am not here for that . 
 as you said , there is another reason for my being here . ' 
 ` go on . ' 
 ` i have been sent here , ' ruben said , ` to summon you to a gathering : a meeting of lords and ladies from every single world in the alignment . 
 the rest deemed trustworthy have been called upon as well . 
 i deliver to you now , in this dark hour , the summons . ' 
 ` the summons ? ' 
 mokrikov gasped . 
 ` the baren igoth ? ' 
 ` do not say its name ! ' 
 both leaned in . 
 ` we must be careful . 
 the aim of the summons , we hope , was never known to crilshar . 
 if we are fortunate , it still is n't . ' 
 ` the summons ... i know it well . ' 
 the prime minister fell back , almost collapsing into his chair , the solemn look of concern on his face revealing he truly understood the severity of the situation . 
 ` and what of the dishan ? 
 what of crilshar ? 
 are they to have no defence in this trial of yours ? ' 
 ` we meet to discuss what is to be done on the subject of crilshar and its leadership . 
 bringing the problem into a debate for its solution can not be justified . 
 give me your support , edgar , and i assure you it will be no trial . 
 the coming negotiations must be successful . 
 if we go to war , this time i do not think we could win . ' 
 * * * so many aspects of the general 's stay had been strange this time round ; not simply due to the circumstances surrounding the call , but only a day after arriving , ruben berenguer was preparing to leave . 
 edgar mokrikov would normally meet his visitor and escort them to their shuttlecraft . 
 but this time he did not . 
 after their discussion , berenguer had offered the prime minister a hesitant and somewhat ill at ease farewell . 
 he knew something was amiss . 
 mokrikov would be happy when the man from titan was gone . 
 the prime minister stood on the balcony leading off from his office , his hands clasped behind his back , as he stared out across the city towards the flight strip in the distance . 
 the titanese shuttle soon lifted off and disappeared from view , the closest sun setting on the horizon a shade of violent crimson . 
 ruben berenguer was gone . 
 a black cloud covered mokrikov 's eyes and his mind became grave and distressed as he turned and re-entered his sweltering office . 
 several fans blowing cold air hummed . 
 he pushed a key on his desk and the metal shutters leading onto the outer terrace lowered themselves , sealing the prime minister inside as the lights rose and he paced in the dim glow . 
 clang ! 
 he froze . 
 clang ! 
 the lights went off . 
 darkness filled the room . 
 clang ! 
 mokrikov fell to his knees . 
 clang ! 
 the bell tolled a deep chime a fourth and final time , echoing around the walls while the projector in his desk threw forward the image of a man . 
 he stood disturbingly still . 
 the foot of his black cloak touched the carpet . 
 his face encased in purest silver . 
 the self-crowned man had come . 
 mokrikov attempted to speak but could find no words . 
 the need was soon gone as the deep , distorted , and disturbingly cavernous voice of the figure rattled throughout the room . 
 ` edgar mokrikov , ' he said . 
 ` i trust all is well on rotavar . ' 
 ` yes , y ... yes all is well , ' he said , a discernible hint of fear evident in his answer . 
 ` your meeting with the general from titan went as planned ? ' 
 ` you were c ... correct , córonat , ' he said . 
 ` berenguer does intend to gather the baren igoth . 
 though i suspect he knows that not all is as it should be . 
 here ... and p ... perhaps elsewhere . ' 
 the córonat remained still and altered the severity in his voice . 
 ` was it that you gave him such an impression ? 
 have i overestimated your ability to carry out the simplest of tasks ? ' 
 ` berenguer is no fool . 
 he is a man not easily misled or broken . ' 
 ` then we must choose a path for him that will lead to inescapable ruin , ' the cloaked figure said fiercely . 
 ` it seems titan alone now stands in our way , and ruben berenguer has been an obstacle in my path for too long now . ' 
 mokrikov closed his eyes . 
 he could n't . 
 no more . 
 he looked up at his córonat and stood slowly ; and he surprised even himself with the answer he gave . 
 ` no . 
 i wo n't . 
 i simply ... simply can not betray a friend any longer . ' 
 the man remained silent , and mokrikov could sense he was testing him . 
 beads of sweat seeped down the back of his neck and his pulse raced rapidly as five seconds became ten , fifteen became thirty , until his unnerving voice spoke again . 
 ` do not forget that it is i who controls the fleet surrounding your world . 
 it is i who has allowed for supplies to be delivered to your ignorant populace . ' 
 ` and yet you will allow none to leave . 
 we can not keep this blockade a secret much longer . 
 rotavar will be in turmoil . ' 
 ` if it was n't for me , ' he snarled , ` your worthless fleapit would have failed years ago ! 
 i ask for no thanks , simply for your friendship and loyalty . 
 but if this is your decision : to betray your córonat and risk the lives of all those people , so be it ! ' 
 the prime minister felt himself growing in anger , forgetting his fear , and said , ` the lives of my people were in danger the moment your messengers returned to my doorstep , and every moment since ! 
 ruben berenguer has forever been a friend , to me and the people of rotavar . 
 this is my absolute decision . ' 
 then the masked man seemed filled with a burning rage . 
 ` very well ! 
 but know this : you can attempt to hide behind your precious ally and its armies , but it will not save you ! ' 
 ` i do not try to hide -- ' ` soon titan itself will face the choice all worlds have : to bow to a new power and accept the command of a new union , or be left in utter ruin . ' 
 ` no , wait -- ' ` the old systemal alignment is nearing its end ! 
 a new power is emerging . 
 the time has come for new leadership in the systems ! ' 
 and with that the image of the man retreated back into the metal desk , plunging the room into a dull and gloomy afterglow . 
 mokrikov fell back to his knees , his arms lifeless by his sides . 
 he remained still for some time , unable to move , unable to think . 
 he stood eventually and drifted over to his desk , picked up his quill and paper , and resolved to carve his final confession . 
 he had doomed his people to hell . 
 chapter four the die was cast . 
 one single , costly mistake had been made , and the fate of so many decided . 
 all inhabitants of the planet rotavar watched in horror as the sun 's light was wiped from their skies , its warmth replaced by a darkness and sorrow that came only with the crilshan fleet . 
 a dozen vessels approached , circling in orbit , while several more descended in unparalleled strength . 
 one for each city ; divided and easily raised to the ground . 
 there was no use in fighting , edgar mokrikov knew . 
 they could not oppose such a force and not hope to lose every last man and woman that fought . 
 ignoring the forceful pounding on his office door he gazed out at the shadows encircling his beloved city , before kneeling down to his personal safe and sluggishly throwing inside his personal papers , a silver-backed journal , and his last letter . 
 then , rummaging through his desk drawer he removed something small . 
 a polished metal . 
 the final solution . 
 he placed it into his pocket . 
 hope was lost , and it was his fault . 
 communication with the córonat had been cut ; he was not a man of second chances or of two minds . 
 the die was indeed cast . 
 the hammering halted and as mokrikov heaved a sigh of relief the door was forced wide open . 
 * * * aleksey vasily stormed into the office , flanked by a dozen emerald soldiers . 
 he gazed up at the shadow of his prime minister , thankful that he was there . 
 he had feared the man had done something foolish . 
 from the look on mokrikov 's face it appeared he had expected to see crilshan warriors entering his office . 
 in a matter of minutes that will be so , vasily thought . 
 ` prime minister , ' the chief of the defence force addressed him . 
 ` rotavar 's defences are online . 
 every member of the defence force is standing by , at arms . 
 our sister moon is preparing its own resistance , and the government is on its way to the underground safe zones . 
 your orders ? ' 
 the prime minister made no reply . 
 ` my lord ? ' 
 ` i am not your lord anymore ! ' 
 mokrikov cried . 
 ` do n't you see ? 
 it 's over . 
 crilshar has won ! 
 i will not make a decision that will undoubtedly end in more deaths ! ' 
 vasily took a step forward . 
 ` but we 're not alone , sir . 
 titan will help us . 
 general berenguer made the pledge not six days past . 
 send word . 
 he will send help ! ' 
 mokrikov winced . 
 ` titan can not help us . 
 you do not understand what 's really going on here . 
 death , before long , will take us all ... ' ` titan or no titan , ' called a young soldier from the rear of the group , ` we will fight for our world ! 
 we 're fighting for our survival , we must engage them ! ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 said mokrikov , now so very soberly . 
 ` i am giving the order for surrender . 
 this is an invasion , not extermination . 
 i do not want this to end with the death of my people . 
 you will surrender and negotiate a settlement , not start a war . ' 
 vasily sighed , closing his eyes . 
 ` that may work for us , but what of our sister moon ? 
 what of manera ? ' 
 the only inhabited moon in the rotavarian system , manera , would be targeted just the same , if not worse -- it held no significance to the invaders . 
 but the prime minister shook his head . 
 ` rotavar will be safe , ' he said , reaching into his pocket . 
 ` but as leader of this world i have failed . 
 i am of no further use . 
 to you , rotavar , or our sister colony . 
 i am so , so sorry . 
 of manera there is little hope . ' 
 and as silence fell on the room , darkness covering the horrified city outside , hope descended and the prime minister of rotavar pulled out of his pocket a pistol , forced it up underneath his chin , and pulled the trigger . 
 chapter five barooom ! 
 the thundering roar of approaching space-vessel engines flooded the ears of antal justus as he sprinted through the panic-filled streets of the maneran capital . 
 the howls and cries of men , women , and children were all around him . 
 death and disaster was everywhere . 
 a fire raged on every corner . 
 but amidst the hopeless scene of a moon in anarchy , the crew of the crimson flux stirred with unparalleled excitement . 
 they looked at their monitors and watched the sun disappear from view , replaced by the jagged hulls of impenetrable crilshan barrages . 
 the planet rotavar vanished . 
 overwhelming darkness , which drove any ordinary person mad , little affected the crew . 
 scenes of war and chaos were nothing new . 
 they 'd seen worlds fight and die before ; it happened all too often in the outer systems . 
 but they entire crew understood . 
 the day of reckoning for the people of manera , moon of rotavar , had come . 
 ` nearly there ! ' 
 justus called over the tumult into the comm device on his leather-covered wrist . 
 ` keep close behind ! ' 
 -- we 've got your back , captain , came the retort . 
 do n't get all nervous on us now ! 
 justus laughed . 
 ` you think you know me so well , kaara ! ' 
 -- i do know you so well . 
 watch out for vehicles on you right -- now ! 
 he dodged a sharp left and the military convoy which raced around the corner slipped past him with inches to spare . 
 however the zadian-scrambler -- a fast , one-manned motorcycle -- burned past and knocked him to the ground . 
 -- captain , are you all right ? 
 justus swore , jumped back up , and knocked another man from the scrambler now racing past . 
 as the soldier was thrown from the bike , justus clambered on and sped off . 
 the convoy continued on to the flight strip in the distance . 
 justus raced across the city , moving as fast as the scrambler would allow . 
 a shadow loomed above . 
 he felt calmer , focusing on reaching his target before the attack came . 
 he looked up to see the metallic underbelly of his craft in the sky . 
 -- captain , you do n't have much time , kaara urged him . 
 ` relax , ' he told her . 
 ` i 'm two minutes away . 
 you focus on your part , and i 'll mine . ' 
 passing terrified families , running for their lives , he raced on . 
 turning the corner and scaling a grassy embankment he stopped dead at a huge wall which obstructed the entrance to the noble house , home of the maneran royal family . 
 a house now without a military guard . 
 he looked up . 
 the crilshans were almost there . 
 ` kaara ! ' 
 he shouted into his comm , ` i need a -- ' before he could finish his request a projectile , fired from above , exploded directly ahead , tearing a section of the twenty-foot wall to rubble . 
 he dropped the bike , shielded himself from the blast , and before the black cloud had cleared rushed through , praying no opposition lay in wait . 
 ` thanks ! ' 
 he said . 
 -- you know i 've always got your back . 
 ` yes , and -- blast ! ' 
 justus stopped to see half a dozen blood-thirsty almuits hurtle down from the house towards him . 
 genetically modified to be the ultimate canine guard , they packed a fatal bite , known to tear limbs apart like paper and controlled by their owners through chips inserted in the frontal lobes of the cerebral cortex . 
 pulling out two handguns he licked his lips and ran straight at them , firing fiercely but accurately , hitting first the front two almuits and taking out a third in turn . 
 as they reached him he shot one in the head and jumped as high as he could , forcing his left foot to collide with the salivating jaw of another . 
 that one fell , but for the last he was n't quick enough , and he landed on his back holding the jowls of the beast at bay with both hands . 
 justus could n't let go , could n't feel around for his weapons , and could n't save himself . 
 the almuit he 'd booted shook itself awake and charged . 
 but as the young captain weakened , the stampeding canine exploded in a shower of innards and blood , and the one on top howled in pain and tensed up before collapsing dead on top of him . 
 he pushed the beast aside and shot to his feet . 
 a little farther up the hill , waiting at the entrance of the grand house , stood a young girl . 
 no older than sixteen , she clutched a heavy-looking red-beam rifle ; smoke rose from its muzzle and the laser still pointed at justus ' chest . 
 the girl 's hair was as dark red as a setting sun , and the young captain stood still . 
 it was not her he was focused on , however : his hearing , well attuned , had picked up on something else . 
 over and above the sound of barrage-vessels descending towards them , another trembling drone set his heart racing . 
 initially he thought the crilshan attack had begun , and he held his breath , but as hundreds of rockets launched from the city in which he now stood , antal justus realised time was shorter than he 'd anticipated . 
 he burst up the hill and took hold of the young girl . 
 he dragged her back inside the grand house as she protested at being denied a view of the astonishing spectacle taking place outside . 
 but upon entering the trembling entrance hall , he could n't miss the metal bar which hurtled into his field of vision -- smash ! 
 * * * adra dimal sat at the helm of the crimson flux and looked down at the burning city below . 
 she then turned her attention to the missiles being launched from manera at the fearsome barrages above . 
 kaara mira sat beside , her young face alive with fear and apprehension . 
 ` we have approaching darts , dimal ! ' 
 she said . 
 ` yeah , i can see that , ' dimal shot back . 
 ` releasing counter darts -- now ! ' 
 she flicked her long , coiled hair away and swiftly turned the flux upward facing , using the resulting weight shift to force the ship down with speed . 
 ` one , two , three ... missed ! ' 
 she said . 
 ` one , two , three ... missed again . 
 ha ! ' 
 ` he 'll be okay wo n't he ? ' 
 kaara asked . 
 ` who ? 
 justus ? ' 
 kaara nodded . 
 ` yes . ' 
 ` one , two , thr -- ' an ear-splitting roar ensued and they were thrown about in their seats . 
 ` shit ! ' 
 dimal said . 
 ` that was close . ' 
 ` adra ? ' 
 ` oh ... err yeah -- yeah he 'll be fine . ' 
 she dodged another several missiles and , manoeuvring around the attack not meant for them , adra dimal shirked the bold maneran counter-strike . 
 ` get a move on , antal ! ' 
 kaara cried . 
 ` we 've got no time ! ' 
 * * * justus swooned . 
 dazed and clutching the black granite mantelpiece , he gripped his temples . 
 ` once again , ' he said , ` thank you for that , lord veryan ! ' 
 ` what is it you want ? ' 
 asked a sturdily-built man , still pointing the gold tip of his staff in the captain 's direction . 
 his red-haired wife and daughter cowered behind him . 
 justus stood tall and stepped forward . 
 ` my name is captain antal justus of the crimson flux ! 
 i 'm here to save you . ' 
 the lord lowered the staff . 
 ` you heard our distress signal ? ' 
 ` i did . 
 now we -- ' lord veryan dropped the metal staff . 
 ` you came ! 
 thank you , thank you , thank you ! ' 
 and he rushed over to grasp justus in an unyielding clinch . 
 ` akhhh , we did n't think you 'd come ! ' 
 justus pushed him away . 
 ` my lord , ' he said , ` there is n't time . 
 we have a matter of minutes to get to the highest point in the house so my ship can pick us up . 
 the battle outside has started ! 
 run ! 
 now ! ' 
 at once they began to ascend the shaking stairs , veryan 's wife and daughter in front as lord veryan and justus followed behind . 
 ` you 're the captain of a ship ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` you do n't look old enough ! 
 you 're just a boy ! ' 
 in actual fact justus was twenty-six . 
 but now was n't the time to argue the point . 
 ` just keep your mouth shut and do as i say , all right ?! ' 
 he shouted , urging them to run faster . 
 ` did he just tell me -- ' ` oh daddy , do as he says and be quiet ! ' 
 his daughter told him , and she glanced back . 
 justus smirked and she returned a smile , before turning to run up a hefty flight of stairs . 
 ` we 're on our way , kaara ! ' 
 he called to his ship . 
 * * * ` understood , cap’n ! ' 
 kaara responded whilst being thrown about the cockpit as yet another volley of rockets was launched from the planet below . 
 ` watch out ! ' 
 ` i 'm doing my best , darling , ' dimal said , with gritted teeth and a feigned smile . 
 they avoided another half dozen missiles . 
 ` oops . ' 
 kaara spun . 
 ` oops ? 
 why oops ? ' 
 ` crilshans are returning fire ! ' 
 dimal said , turning to face her navigator with an expression of pure dread . 
 ` we 're out of time ... ' * * * ` this way ! ' 
 cried young aíron veryan , now leading her parents and justus towards the house 's tallest tower . 
 ` quickly ! ' 
 they ascended a great staircase as a horrifying crack split the steps in two . 
 justus pulled aíron aside as they were cut off from her parents . 
 they stood petrified on one landing , while the captain and young girl wavered on the other . 
 ` go ! ' 
 veryan told his daughter . 
 ` go ! 
 get my child away from here ! ' 
 ` no , daddy ! ' 
 ` is there another way ? ' 
 justus called . 
 ` aye ! 
 it 's longer but we can make it . 
 go ! ' 
 -- cap’n ! 
 kaara 's voice came through his glove-comm . 
 crilshans are on the offensive . 
 you have less than two minutes . 
 ` then come for us immediately ! 
 we 're on our way ! ' 
 at once they were thrown from their feet as the floor shook . 
 the two scrambled up and justus dragged aíron back and along cracking corridors , the stone beneath them shaking uncontrollably , causing furniture , displays , and portraits to fall from their places and crash into pieces upon the fracturing floor . 
 justus carried aíron up a collapsing stairway , forced to dodge the metal and stone falling from the walls and ceiling . 
 ` i ca n't -- i ca n't ! ' 
 aíron cried . 
 ` not without them ! ' 
 ` nonsense ! ' 
 he dragged her to the top of the steps . 
 ` come on ! 
 we 're nearly there . 
 we wo n't leave them ! ' 
 he looked out of the window and gazed across the open courtyard to the tower on the other side . 
 above the far end of the court hovered an old and battered , darkening red shuttle-ship -- the crimson flux . 
 its ultimatt engines sent powerful currents of air towards them . 
 aíron pulled herself up from the floor and bounded across the terrace . 
 justus charged after her . 
 the tall trees in the yard shook chaotically . 
 one toppled over . 
 justus threw himself on top of aíron , knocking them both out of its path . 
 ` antal ! ' 
 called a voice , and he looked up to see kaara running along the yard towards him . 
 he picked himself and aíron up and the three scurried underneath the craft . 
 ` the veryans here yet ? ' 
 ` no , captain . 
 not yet . 
 come on . ' 
 but as kaara reached up for the haulage cable and harness hanging from the flux , a sound was heard that tore through justus ' heart . 
 complete and utter silence . 
 a darkening wraith passed over them ; the dense mass of shadow moved into position . 
 ` no ! ' 
 he said . 
 ` we should have had more time ! ' 
 ` well we do n't , ' kaara said , and she began strapping the cable around aíron , who whimpered and cried aloud . 
 justus watched as bright beams of white light fell from the colossal crilshan barrages , landing with deafening roars among the cities on all sides . 
 he gazed in horror as the horizon faded blood red , and inhabited cities subsided , the resulting clouds of smoke rising far above in lofty miasmas . 
 he could feel the heat from the blasts and , too late , it dawned on him : nobody on the moon would survive . 
 without warning , he felt arms reach around his waist and a clip fastened about his middle as kaara strapped him into the harness with aíron . 
 ` whoa , wait ! ' 
 he yelled . 
 ` you go first ! ' 
 kaara said nothing , and smiled weakly as he and aíron were raised from the ground . 
 the shaking beneath them grew and the towers nearby fell in on themselves . 
 cracks flew up and along the courtyard , splitting the noble house in two . 
 kaara collapsed to the ground . 
 ` nooo ! ' 
 he screamed . 
 ` get up ! ' 
 she managed to get to her feet as the building fell under the force of white hot blasts . 
 the ground kaara was stood on disintegrated beneath her . 
 but justus had already unclipped the strap around his middle and , having attached the cable around his belt to the harness , fallen several metres . 
 he reached for her hand , managed to find a loose grip on her sleeve . 
 gritting his teeth he held on to her with one hand , clinging to the cable with his other . 
 up above , aíron veryan screamed , dangling without support as surges of boiling hot air hit them from the nearby impacts . 
 they threw her into the craft 's underside . 
 justus continued to scream , ` hold on ! 
 hold on ! ' 
 the crimson flux retreated from the building and took to the air as the harness and connected cable were winched up into the open rear port of the ship . 
 ` nearly there ! ' 
 he continued to call , straining to cling onto her with tears falling down his face . 
 but it was no use . 
 and justus knew it . 
 they were almost inside when another heat pulse drove into the rear side of the ship . 
 they lurched askew . 
 all were sent soaring into the hull of the flux . 
 he managed to hold on to the harness but was n't strong enough to maintain the clutch he had on kaara . 
 he could n't bring himself to utter a single word as she fell from his grasp , her terrified face frozen as she plummeted down , consumed by pure white light . 
 chapter six the quasar had been drifting through a deep , blue ocean for three days . 
 the haunting whines , echoing clicks , and low , sorrowful groans of sea creatures -- whales to those who knew their marine biology -- resonated in and around the viewing centre where ruben and mendoza had for most of the morning been stood . 
 needless to say , the ship was not actually meandering among the ocean depths , but the portal scene , generated with the single purpose of soothing the crew of the quasar , performed its function well . 
 the enormous pressure space travel had on the minds and bodies of human beings meant that various methods of serenity coaching were practised . 
 for the last three days it had been the earth 's atlantic ocean . 
 thankfully , it was one of many alternatives . 
 ` if i hear another furkin ' whale i 'm going to break something , ' captain ernesta mendoza said to ruben as they watched the six-strong pod of blue whales , enveloped by a substantial school of fish , floating nearby . 
 ` i think the idea is you 're calmer when it 's on , ' he replied with a grin . 
 ` not more agitated . ' 
 she drummed her fingers along the counter to her right . 
 ` let 's just say i prefer the more unconventional methods of easing the tension . 
 give me a good coilbolt duel any day . ' 
 ` you know , you can turn it off if you like , ' he said . 
 ` even while i 'm here it 's still your ship . 
 you 're still its captain . ' 
 mendoza sighed . 
 ` levan , ' she said to the woman sat nearby . 
 ` yes , captain ? ' 
 ` kill the whales . ' 
 ` yes , captain . ' 
 ` give us some rain , ' she said . 
 ` i always liked rain . ' 
 several seconds later the placid clatter of pattering rain married the image of a rainstorm on the projection wall . 
 she turned back to the general . 
 ` so , you were saying ? ' 
 ` yes , ' he said so that only she could hear him . 
 ` the prime minister ... ' ` you think he does n't trust you . ' 
 ` i got the impression there was something he wanted to say , but could n't find the courage to say it . 
 i should have listened better . 
 maybe he was attempting to give me subtle hints . 
 maybe we were being listened to . 
 maybe -- ' ` maybe , ' she said , ` your suspicious mind is over active in its old age . ' 
 ` careful , ' he said , raising an eyebrow . 
 ` the quasar is yours , but the crew will lock you down below if i tell them to . ' 
 mendoza leaned forward with a smirk , and whispered , ` just try it , mister . ' 
 * * * the leap , as it was known , was nearing its end . 
 it had taken little less than forty-eight hours to pass between accentaurib -lrb- the fourth system -rrb- and the star accentauria -lrb- the third -rrb- , as the light-years in between were traversed at an unimaginable and previously-deemed impossible velocity . 
 from there the quasar had passed into the second system of proxima centauri -- home to the dishan beneath molten crilshar . 
 once the engine had been pushed to full capacity and the ultimate leap generated , the journey back to the system of sol -lrb- the first system -rrb- had taken three days more . 
 and now , as they perceived the veiled coalsack and broke through the kuiper and oort boundaries of sol , instantaneous bursts like lightning -- sapphire and striking sunlight -- saw it materialise into the silent depths of saturn space . 
 the orange haze of titan received the enormous body of the quasar . 
 in a greatly protected and well-armed orbiting station set around saturn 's largest moon , the ship was set in an engineless orbit alongside the largest vessels in the titanese fleet ; and in a shuttle the general , the captain , and their guard descended once again to the home world . 
 all was silent , peaceful , and calm as ruben gazed at the might and beauty of their protector , saturn , her rings of gas and rock circling in perpetual splendour . 
 news of the attack on rotavar and its moon had reached them as they arrived home . 
 the summary was more than a little disturbing . 
 such a move by the dishan family was too self-assured , too aggressive . 
 ruben needed to speak to his guide without delay ; she would be able to shed some light on the situation . 
 passing through the dense clouds of the moon , the shuttle soon came within sight of a large dome , clear and shining , one-hundred buildings inside reaching three-hundred storeys high . 
 there appeared a great valley before them , running on all sides and surrounding the structures in a protective crater . 
 beyond rose a grouping of glorious mountains which left part of the valley in shadow , as though a glimmering memory of the warmth of natural light . 
 upon the farther side of the great dome a larger elliptical structure overshadowed it ; and through the blood-red haze an enormous dome stood proud at the centre out of which a tall spire rose . 
 its height could not be guessed by mere sight alone , and countless lights gleamed from within . 
 it was morning . 
 ` the twelve cities of titan , ' he said , squeezing tight the captain 's chair behind which he stood . 
 ` welcome home , everyone . ' 
 the shuttle descended into the first of the twelve cities : that which acted as the harbour dome and the great entrance of titan . 
 and leading up the road their ground vehicle quickly flew ; ruben took deep breaths and felt the cool , wonderful peace of the cities . 
 the red mists glimpsed high up through the crystal-like domes felt more like a gentle blanket protecting the populace from sight of their enemies , rather than a veiled cage . 
 they carried on northward , through to the central dome , the buildings becoming grander and rising higher than before . 
 coming at last to the tallest tower of titan , out of which the spire ascended into interminable red mists , and to a vast , light marbled courtyard , he found a delegation had gathered to meet them . 
 ` furka , ' mendoza swore . 
 ` that 's got to be the entire council out there . ' 
 ruben nodded . 
 some four dozen finely dressed men and women , clad in gowns of white , purple , and gold , waited on the marble forecourt , aside a rounded streaming fountain . 
 he stepped out of the vehicle and was at once surrounded by the bustling group of followers and admirers , all keen to hear news of his diplomatic campaigns , no doubt . 
 mendoza and four members of the guard climbed out behind , though nobody rushed to them . 
 cries and cheers rang out . 
 it was only as ruben breathed in deeply and felt the light spray of the nearby fountain that he realised how exhausted he really was . 
 at sixty years old , by titanese law , he should have retired to a more static position within the military , not be off travelling the systems . 
 then again , he knew that was most probably the reason he was able to keep going ; stopping would only age him further . 
 the general stepped forward and received a slight nod from their leader , lady maxim pinzón , and then what appeared surprisingly to be a fraction of a smile ; the hood of her long , purple cloak covered her head and she held her hands clasped in front of her womb . 
 ` our general , welcome home ! ' 
 called one of the council-women . 
 ` come give us word of the outer worlds . 
 news has seldom arrived in as many days as you 've been gone . ' 
 he smiled weakly . 
 ` i 'll quite happily tell you all what you want -- ' ` how go the lines of defence ? ' 
 asked one . 
 ` all in good time , ' he said . 
 ` what does the enusti emperor have to say ? ' 
 ` time , lord , time . ' 
 he looked to lady pinzón , who smirked derisively . 
 ` and the new dishan alliance ? ' 
 ` i have so much to tell you , ' he said , raising his palms , ` concerning our colonial friends . 
 i promise to do so , but first i must rest . ' 
 some of the assembly protested , others understood , and more appeared purely insulted . 
 but he swore they would receive the news they wanted . 
 ` a meeting will be called , ' he said , ` and i will speak to all our people very soon . 
 a time of unity is upon us ; a harmony that i hope will begin here , with our mother titan . ' 
 ruben made his way through the crowd towards the fountain . 
 there his nieces awaited him . 
 gílana , age sixteen , was the younger of the two . 
 she hastened forwards and embraced him tightly , while anna waited , though she hugged him closer . 
 she did not need to tell him how much she had missed him ; her racing heart beat up against him as he held her , and he knew . 
 he was home . 
 chapter seven lady maxim pinzÓn held her breath until she was blue in the face . 
 ` give it to me in one , ' she said as general berenguer closed the door behind him . 
 she breathed out lengthily and repeated her command , inserting an emphasised ` general ' at the end . 
 she knew she was blunt , to the point . 
 she had to be . 
 there was not the time for lukewarm deliberating when the alignment was in a state of chaos . 
 spinning on the spot , maxim positioned herself on her favourite point and looked out of her office 's full length window . 
 titan 's central council building was known as the command dome , due to its own likeness to a dome . 
 high up within the command dome is where the two veterans now stood , overlooking the vast city below . 
 maxim 's office was spacious and finely furnished a dark burgundy ; and though she could have sworn she had told her aide to have the room cleaned thoroughly , she could still smell the conspicuous scent of tobacco . 
 ` it 's not good , ' ruben replied . 
 the lady of titan lifted her purple head-covering and walked to the window . 
 her rosy curls were pulled around her head to form a tight ball at the back , which stretched the skin of her face painfully taut . 
 tall and trim , she emerged a particle higher than the weary general . 
 ` tell me . ' 
 he ambled over to the lady 's side , staring out of the enormous window which made up the entire wall . 
 ` i assume you 've been briefed on the invasion of rotavar and the utter destruction of manera . ' 
 ` unfortunately , yes . ' 
 ` when i heard the news i sent for the cherished star to aid them , ' he said , ` but the crilshan armada is so strong they were unable to get close without risk of being overcome . 
 they 're waiting by for our decision before they move . 
 we have to send help , right away . 
 i fear for the colony 's survival . ' 
 ` i share your fear , do n't doubt it . ' 
 ` i say we send three vessels to combat the invasion , ' he said . 
 ` and dispatch captain ferranti onboard the stellarstream to lead the counter-assault . ' 
 ` i am to speak with the council at midday , ' she said . 
 ` i 'm confident they will agree to your proposal . 
 now come , tell me of your trip ! 
 what did lord mokrikov have to say of his summons ? ' 
 the general spent a moment considering his reply . 
 ` support is lacking , my lady . 
 the prime minister was much less forthcoming in his cooperation than even i had thought . 
 i admit i suspected possible dealings with the dishan before i 'd even heard news of the invasion . ' 
 ` i thought as much . 
 a negotiation gone wrong , you feel ? ' 
 ` perhaps . 
 but our situation is worsening too . 
 it 's clear we will have to lead the campaign against the dishan alliance ; no other state in the alignment will dare step forward . 
 and countless worlds have , in the past week alone , either refused or immediately dropped their collaboration , and i suspect have done so under duress of the dishan . ' 
 ` the council has discussed this to death , ' she said . 
 ` what do you suggest we do , general ? ' 
 ` stop talking and act . 
 meet him head on . 
 push ahead with the baren igoth and increase the pressure on crilshar to cooperate . 
 it 's possible that with a great portion of the alignment united we can force the dishan alliance into contraction , or at the very least moderate the antagonism of their leader . ' 
 ` and if the pressure does n't result in them submitting ? ' 
 she asked , sitting down behind her wooden desk . 
 ` i have to plan for the worst . 
 and right now their movements are filled with nothing but enmity . 
 when was the last time the opposing crilshan houses of halagas or thimes fled from confrontation ? 
 i recall there was a time when they would do anything to sate their blood lust . 
 but now they conceal themselves and refuse to fight . ' 
 he bowed his head . 
 ` the last decades have allowed only one power to ascend in proxima . ' 
 ` truly . ' 
 and now for the bomb shell , she thought . 
 sensing something was wrong , ruben cocked his head and said , ` what is it , my lady ? ' 
 ` something we both feared , ' she said . 
 ` something inevitable . 
 with the autocratic system they now have below crilshar , it was only a matter of time . 
 the competing crilshan houses have submitted to the dishan , and i believe they have done so because they , and others , know something for certain which we do not . ' 
 ` what ever do you mean ? ' 
 maxim pinzón clasped her hands , lowered her voice , and leaned forward . 
 ` there have been rumours , rumblings , secret wittering amongst the alignment worlds , but our spies have heard . 
 tell me , general , have you knowledge of the rumour of erebus ? ' 
 ruben folded his arms , leaned back , and sat chewing over the question for almost a minute . 
 then he said , ` some years back our intelligence picked up the rumour of a grade x weapon named erebus , but nothing tangible could be found . 
 many had heard the story . 
 from what i recall they referred to it as the weapon to destroy worlds . 
 frightening stuff . 
 only no one had heard anything more than the rumour . ' 
 ` frightening indeed , ' she said . 
 ` while you were away i was informed by a senior intelligence director of a report . 
 just one . 
 this particular package , received from our agent below crilshar , said , and i quote : `` crilshan intelligence points to an encounter with the weapon x. '' ' what she told him was true ... for the most part . 
 the report did indeed contain such an assertion , but she had received it herself . 
 a so-far-reliable agent below crilshar had transmitted the message mere days ago . 
 the agent was hers alone . 
 she did not know his identity , and shared him with no one . 
 ` well ? ' 
 she said . 
 ` you 'll need to give me more than that . ' 
 she shifted in her seat . 
 ` do n't you see ? 
 not a weapon , the weapon . ' 
 ` i generally make a point of not holding too much stock in theories . 
 however , ' he said , seemingly able to notice the agitated look present upon her expanded features , ` such moles are required to report using only that language which is necessary . 
 if this particular mole referred to the weapon , we must assume he meant the weapon x . 
 at least until we 're proven wrong . ' 
 ` do you think it possible the dishan have discovered its whereabouts ? ' 
 she asked . 
 the very fact that ruben had to think about the answer told maxim he did not think so . 
 he massaged the ashen hair on his chin . 
 ` let us hope not . ' 
 he breathed in . 
 ` now let 's pretend you did not just lie to me . ' 
 maxim found herself unable to formulate a response . 
 ` the weapon x was classed confidential , ' he said . 
 ` above the sanction of a senior intelligence director . 
 hell -- it 's almost above me . 
 so i 'll assume you have told no one else . ' 
 ` and you 'd be wrong . ' 
 ` whom ? ' 
 ` general mauldeth . ' 
 ` i see . ' 
 his lips tightened . 
 there existed only two generals on titan at present . 
 while ruben oversaw the distribution and running of all foreign operations from abroad , general slimar mauldeth remained on titan and performed much the same job , only with a cosier routine and much deeper pockets . 
 something of a rivalry had developed between them in the last few years , with mauldeth disagreeing with ruben 's attitude to the established military statutes . 
 as long as it did not stop them doing their jobs , maxim could n't give two brain waves . 
 ` mauldeth and i have discussed this , ' she told him . 
 ` i 'll send you the report . 
 let you get up to speed . 
 there are some noteworthy findings which have led me to only one conclusion : crilshar has attained the weapon x . 
 they have erebus . ' 
 ` again , let us hope not , ' he said , standing . 
 ` i 'll do some investigating of my own . 
 i shall let you know what i find , if anything , right away . ' 
 ` certainly , ' she said without moving . 
 ` i will expect to see you tomorrow . 
 we need a public statement of some nature . 
 and seeing as you 've already promised the people news of the systems , i 'll leave the speaking to you . 
 we both know how much you 're loved , and the extent to which you relish any opportunity to preach in public . ' 
 she grinned mockingly . 
 ruben smiled , bowed , and left the office , leaving maxim sat back in her chair . 
 rocking gently she felt , if less hopeful , at least slightly more amused than when she had entered . 
 chapter eight the unrelenting gale struck anna berenguer like a jagged sting throbbing through her face . 
 the coarse spray of the sea collided harshly with her skin . 
 she could hear everything , from the powerful waves crashing all around to the rash movements of the figure looming behind . 
 she closed her eyes , held the blade tightly in her grasp . 
 the figure struck -- anna lunged down and forward , and in one swift motion blocked her foe 's assault , rolling over and bringing her blade around , en route for his naked jugular . 
 amid the moist-ridden haze the strong outline of her attacker appeared to evaporate , and not a second later materialized behind her . 
 throwing all of his weight into one final assault he forced anna to the slippery verge of the raised platform , where he wavered . 
 anna took the opening and drove him back to the slipping pivot of the structure , parrying twice and finally thrusting the tip of her blade up to the man 's neck . 
 another wave broke into the side of the platform , drenching them both in a freezing torrent . 
 anna lifted the blade higher , slowly pushing it into his neck , a smirk appearing on her soaked , sweating face . 
 ` your next move ? ' 
 she asked , confidently . 
 but the face of the man stood opposite had not yielded . 
 he glanced down . 
 anna followed his gaze , but it was too late ; her footing was poor and it proved her undoing . 
 the man 's heel stamped down on the open grate upon which she was positioned and the metal flooring underneath fell through . 
 as she dropped he offered his hand to catch her , but in the moment anna chose not to take hold , and allowed herself to fall into the raging waters below . 
 she took a gasping breath and plunged down deep . 
 her very core froze , legs kicked wildly beneath her . 
 very rapidly she realised she was unable to pull herself back up , engulfed completely and sinking . 
 then , while the cold of the water took hold , anna 's eyes widened in shock and the apparition in front of her stopped her fighting for the surface . 
 ` no ! ' 
 she uttered , releasing a mouthful of panicked gurgles . 
 an enormous sphere of fire floated in the water before her . 
 utterly black and darker than anything she had ever seen , she looked right into it ... and it looked back . 
 into her very soul . 
 as it seemed she would never again taste the crisp , quenching air , the water surrounding her disappeared all at once , stealing with it the colossal darkness . 
 just as quickly as it had appeared , the orbed fire was submerged , and vanished . 
 the water fell beneath her and she plummeted hard , landing with a hurtling thump onto the metallic floor metres below . 
 she lay there , coughing uncontrollably as she fought to breathe , spitting water everywhere . 
 black boots landed forcefully beside her and she sat up , spluttering . 
 ` you did n't take my hand ! ' 
 shouted the young man , sheathing his weapon . 
 dark haired , bronze-skinned , and only a couple of years her elder , jon del ' oueste had always been the better fighter . 
 ` jon , ' she pleaded , ` do n't -- ' ` why did n't you take my hand ? ' 
 ` you beat me . ' 
 ` you 're stubborn -- ' ` i lost ! ' 
 ` could 've died ! ' 
 ` yes , ' anna said , standing , ` but i did n't . ' 
 she moved closer and hugged him , bringing her lips to his ear . 
 ` i saw it again ! ' 
 jon pulled back , holding both her arms . 
 ` the dark orb ? 
 the black fire ? ' 
 she sighed . 
 ` yes ... ' ` annie ! ' 
 they both looked up to the training room 's viewing platform , high above . 
 ` annie , you lose again ? ' 
 her younger sister taunted . 
 anna turned back to jon . 
 ` do n't mention it to anyone , okay ? 
 we 'll talk about it later . ' 
 and with that she climbed out of the watery pit , drying her face with a cloth waiting at the top . 
 out of all the recruits currently training for positions within the titanese guard , anna berenguer was always lagging . 
 combat exercises usually ended with her bleeding or else drenched in something cold . 
 even bladed training like today saw to it that she looked ridiculous . 
 her best friend , who was not even a guard-in-training , could beat her . 
 ` annie ! 
 annie ! ' 
 gílana berenguer came charging down the stairs , as vivacious aged sixteen as she had been at six , a huge smirk appearing on her attractive face . 
 she bore the same olive skin as her older sister , but retained the blonde curls of their late mother . 
 when she saw jon stood half-naked , drying himself off , she blushed and ignored him . 
 ` i did n't lose , ' anna muttered , mopping her own long hair . 
 ` oh , yes ? ' 
 gílana pulled a face and made a shaming impersonation of her big sister . 
 ` oh , shut up ! ' 
 she said , punching jon on the shoulder for laughing . 
 ` what is it you wanted ? ' 
 gílana grinned . 
 ` she wants to see you after classes . ' 
 ` furka ! ' 
 anna swore loudly . 
 ` who ? ' 
 jon asked . 
 ` callista ? ' 
 ` you really do n't like her , do you ? ' 
 gílana giggled . 
 ` no ... well , yes , i hardly enjoy my sessions with her . ' 
 ` then what 's wrong ? ' 
 ` it 's my class ! 
 i 'm late ! ' 
 ` again ? ' 
 gílana giggled , shooting jon a quick , timid look , before sprinting back up the steps . 
 anna went to follow but jon seized her arm . 
 ` listen , ' he said . 
 ` i think you should tell someone about the visions ... about the dreams . ' 
 ` who ? ' 
 ` your uncle ? ' 
 ` he barely has time to see me as it is , ' she said . 
 ` he does n't have time for silly nightmares . ' 
 ` so they 're not horrifying anymore ? ' 
 he asked , sardonically . 
 ` what about her ? 
 callista ? 
 she 'd want to know , especially seeing as it 's all been getting worse lately . ' 
 he was right : it had been getting worse . 
 anna had considered telling her guide about the terrifying orb ; she told her about the other things she saw . 
 but the orb was different . 
 the things she normally saw passed by and more often than not she forgot about them in a day or two . 
 but the orb . 
 it was like it stared back , as though she was not meant to see it . 
 ` anna ? ' 
 ` i 'll think about it , ' she said . 
 he looked at her incredulously . 
 ` i 'll think about it ! ' 
 she could tell he knew that 's the best he would get for the time being , and he allowed her to let her dash off and get changed for class . 
 chapter nine central city 's outskirts held many secrets . 
 only one mattered to ruben berenguer . 
 butterflies danced about his stomach as he walked along a silent corridor . 
 at its end lay a dark , dusty room . 
 this dark , dusty room smelled , looked , and even tasted rotten . 
 she would have it no other way . 
 ruben placed his hand upon the edge and poked his nose through a slight opening in the door , to be met with the stomach-turning , intolerable tang of scented spices . 
 thwack ! 
 he cringed in pain as a thin , wooden cane came into contact with his knuckles . 
 the door swung open . 
 thwack ! 
 struck the cane a second time . 
 ` ouch ! ' 
 ` thought you 'd sneak up on an old woman , ` ey ? ' 
 came a croaky voice . 
 ` i was n't -- ' thwack ! 
 ` ouch . 
 stop it . ' 
 ` oh , shush ! ' 
 the inhabitant shot back as he entered . 
 ` you always were a complainer ! ' 
 ` your beatings had a way of revealing that side of me , ' he mumbled , massaging his hand . 
 ` but never ridding you of it ! ' 
 the old woman pursed her lips into a taunting smirk . 
 the general entered to find that the room was , as usual , filled with the normal indistinguishable clutter callista berenguer kept in her stale and dusty bedsit . 
 the windows were closed off , not allowing even a hint of light into the undersized space , which was instead lit by at least two dozen wax candles . 
 her scents meant it burned to breathe . 
 callista stood watching him , leaning breathlessly on her cane . 
 the general recognised the glance and acknowledged her own introduction . 
 he closed the door and held out a large , egg-shaped stool for her to perch herself on . 
 callista dropped down into the stool before it was even beneath her , causing ruben to rapidly pull it into position . 
 she threw the cane she had held high into the air behind her , barely caring that it landed in amongst a pile of valuable-looking pottery . 
 it hardly mattered ; the room itself was chaotic and cluttered , full of old memorabilia and throwaway debris . 
 sharply , callista turned to ruben ; her eyes dimmed and he could feel her pupils studying him squarely . 
 he tugged down his gold-pleated pockets , standing tall and sudden with his feet together as though he were on inspection . 
 no one else could make him act or feel like a ten-year-old boy again . 
 not getting any younger himself , he had no idea what age the wise old woman must have been . 
 pushing one-hundred-and-twenty at least , he thought . 
 he was n't sure even she knew . 
 with leathery , dark skin and carelessly uncombed fuzz resembling something long dead , the old woman , it seemed , had given up on her appearance . 
 after a few moments the general relaxed . 
 ` how 've you kept ? ' 
 ` how was your trip ? ' 
 she asked , ignoring his question . 
 he wet his lips with his tongue . 
 ` enlightening . 
 disappointing . 
 exhausting . ' 
 ` we have no allies left , ' she said slowly . 
 ` what ? ' 
 he sat down beside her . 
 ` the mother titan once had an array of allies throughout the systems , ' she said . 
 ` but her leadership is failing . 
 now you can trust nobody . 
 nobody . 
 your enemies knock on your very door , and i fear they are in the course of letting themselves within -- if they have n't already . ' 
 he leaned in closer . 
 her hands shook , with skin creased in unpleasant folds , covered in dull , aging cloth . 
 ` you 're sure ? 
 you dreamt this ? ' 
 seldom was she ever wrong in her observations , and he trusted her judgement before any intelligence his guard could put before him . 
 he 'd seen what she could do . 
 he 'd witnessed her strength and her many abilities since he was a young boy . 
 for callista was a great iástron of old : once known as lucasta ; a mystic -- powerful and ancient . 
 and extraordinarily crabby to boot . 
 ` the forces working against you , my little ruben , are stronger than you , and they are darker and more terrifying . 
 the followers of the high lord dishan on crilshar are everywhere , and they make themselves known only when it suits them . ' 
 ruben knew she was right . 
 fortune of late had been against the general from titan , for he deemed that upon rotavar opposing forces had arrived first , offering gifts and dark promises . 
 lies -- untruths delivered through guileful lips speaking of peace and war as though they were material offerings bandied around without a second 's thought . 
 in the past the leaders of the alignment worlds had been easily fooled and took from the dishan , believing their futures secure and prosperous , and ultimately giving what was asked of them . 
 submission . 
 ` what do you know of the weapon to destroy worlds ? ' 
 he asked her . 
 ` nothing , ' she replied . 
 ` never heard of it . 
 how 's the young captain of yours ? ' 
 ` who , mendoza ? ' 
 ` yes , her . 
 have you made the commitment yet ? ' 
 ` not this again . 
 it 's not going to happen , callista . 
 you know it ca n't . ' 
 ` you wo n't be in the guard forever , ruben . 
 you need someone too . ' 
 ` i have you , do n't i ? ' 
 he grinned . 
 she turned away . 
 ` the astral energies tell me much , but one thing i feel is absolute . 
 a darkness is approaching . 
 however , it is much more frightful than crilshar alone . 
 something else is coming , ruben , and titan 's end is near . ' 
 with those words she fell forward in weariness , as she so often did when recounting what she saw in her dreams . 
 the general caught her and held her close . 
 he rocked her frail figure gently and she closed her eyes , sleeping . 
 placing her on her bed in the far corner , he turned to leave . 
 callista at once opened her eyes and cried out . 
 ruben turned and she feebly took hold of his gold-ironed collar . 
 ` there 's something else ! ' 
 she cried . 
 ` it 's anna -- ' ` shhh , ' he said , attempting to stop her from going into a panic . 
 ` quiet now ! 
 you know what will happen if you strain yourself . 
 there 's time for you to tell me . 
 i will come and see you tomorrow . 
 but for now ... rest . ' 
 she struggled a little as he stroked her warm brow , but eventually drifted off into another uneasy sleep . 
 he knew how hard it was for her ; she 'd told him the struggles of reliving her nightmares over and over , afraid to sleep for fear of dreaming . 
 a hard life indeed . 
 though he was interested to hear what she could need to say about anna so badly , he knew it would have to wait ; his niece was safe . 
 there was nowhere safer than here . 
 he tiptoed away and left her alone in peace . 
 her prediction , however , troubled him greatly , mirrored what he saw out there . 
 what he felt inside . 
 he was alone . 
 what in the galaxy could this darkness be ? 
 chapter ten guards-in-training met at titan 's central institute every day . 
 the past year had been the most intense anna berenguer had known , and if it had not been for callista 's help , or the thought of her ultimate goal , she doubted she would have progressed this far . 
 not ten minutes after leaving the training simulation , anna had made it to her lesson at the institute , and though sporting soggy hair and damp clothes , she slipped into the lesson without being noticed . 
 or so she had hoped . 
 ` anna berenguer ! ' 
 bellowed christi guerrero , vizor of interstellar relations , as she sat . 
 students sniggered throughout the dark , semi-circular room . 
 ` niece of our famous general or not , i do not want to see you late again , ' guerrero said . 
 ` a good excuse this time , i 'll bet . ' 
 she considered her words quickly . 
 if she thought of something funny to say , they would laugh and he would be forced to yell at them . 
 ` i was ... washing my hair . ' 
 as anticipated , the room filled with laughter and guerrero 's face burned blood red . 
 ` enough ! ' 
 the room went silent . 
 he aimed a look of fury at anna ; though she was sure a trace of amusement at her answer was contained in his expression . 
 ` as i was saying , ' he went on , ` before we were interrupted by our stellar student here , this week we shall return to crilshar . 
 as we 've discovered , discussed , and debated for the past however long , there are many , many ways of identifying the inhabitants of each world in the four systems . 
 none more so than residents of the planet crilshar , other than the obvious dress and accent . 
 can anybody give me one ? 
 no ? 
 very well . ' 
 before anyone had attempted to answer he pressed a switch on his belt and projected from the back of the room the image of a crilshan warrior . 
 clad in black and equipped to the teeth with blades and arms , it did not look like something you would want to mess with . 
 the vizor cleared his throat . 
 ` take note of the incredibly pale skin , due to the absence of a real sun . 
 pay attention to the eyes as well : where our scleras are white , theirs are black ; where our irises are coloured individually , theirs ' are always red . 
 this is due to living underground and depending on a rather exotic surrogate sun . ' 
 ` vizor , ' called a student from the front row . 
 ` vizor , titan has a surrogate sun too , but we do n't suffer the same mutations . ' 
 ` that 's true , angela . 
 but the crilshan biology is unique , complex , and fascinating too . 
 can anybody answer angela 's point ? ' 
 some hands were raised , but only one student held guerrero 's interest . 
 ` miss berenguer . 
 a line of reasoning on our dark cousins ? ' 
 anna looked up from her seat . 
 she 'd been listening , but not watching . 
 ` err ... they 're in-breeders , ' she said with a roguish grin . 
 the room went deathly silent for some moments before erupting in laughter once again . 
 she received a pat on the back from a couple sat nearby , a few whistles , and an almighty applause . 
 ` yes , thank you ! ' 
 guerrero said . 
 ` thank you , very much , miss berenguer . 
 but , ' he said to the group , ` anna is correct ! ' 
 a few puzzled looks ensued . 
 ` i would have phrased it differently , but yes . 
 would you care to elaborate ? ' 
 anna wrecked her brain , recalling what her mentor , the irritating iástron , had told her of people on crilshar . 
 ` purity ! ' 
 she said , remembering the session . 
 ` they 've believed for centuries that their power and strength is down to the purity of their blood . ' 
 ` very good ! ' 
 ` but , ' she continued , ` the obvious health issues involved with objective breeding meant they had to turn to old science for help . 
 genetic manipulation in particular . 
 during the womb , in order to prevent any mutations . 
 but -- ' ` yes ! ' 
 guerrero interrupted . 
 ` known on crilshar as the pure gene , it is commonly acknowledged that this genetic manipulation seen alongside the effects of their surrogate sun is the reason for the strange mutations seen anyway at the centre of most families there these days . ' 
 ` i heard there were other kinds of mutations as well as their eyes and skin , ' another student added . 
 ` yes . ' 
 the vizor began to pace . 
 ` in addition to their enhanced vision in darkness , i 'm also talking about superior physical strength , increased audio and other sensual capabilities , and sometimes -- quite often the case -- weakness , incapacity , and even death . 
 the former , however , without doubt make a crilshan one dangerous adversary . ' 
 ` not for a titanese guard ! ' 
 shouted one boy from the back of the room . 
 another round of cheering and applause followed . 
 the vizor said nothing . 
 when an active member of titanese forces reached a certain age they were generally deemed unfit for active service . 
 when that time came they were given one of two choices : to remain in the forces in a more static position , no longer able to leave titan , or else to use their experience and knowledge to teach at the titanese institute as a vizor -- or veteran . 
 anna had heard guerrero was quite the force-to-be-reckoned-with in his day . 
 when the class had settled they went on to discuss the oldest and most powerful crilshan family . 
 the dishan . 
 anna absolutely hated hearing of their cruelty in battle . 
 the things they did ... it made her think of her uncle : always out there , fighting the crilshan threat . 
 it also set her to wondering about her father , dathlan berenguer : the fate he likely suffered when he went missing in battle with the dishan , over ten years ago . 
 she acted as though she had numbed to the pain of his loss , but in truth it was still difficult to speak of him . 
 her uncle ruben , she knew , felt the same ; he never spoke of his brother . 
 ` there are three , ' said the vizor . 
 ` three powers in control of the caverns of crilshar . 
 and all are members of the dishan . 
 a name , anyone ? ' 
 one girl 's hand shot up . 
 ` avaj , sir ! ' 
 ` excellent ! 
 and she would be ? ' 
 ` sister to the high lord dishan , ' another student said . 
 guerrero continued , ` yes , avaj dishan is the younger of the two , but in no way is that a hindrance . 
 she is both resourceful and cunning . ' 
 everyone listened intently . 
 ` another ! ' 
 he said . 
 he picked a student with his hand raised at the back of the room . 
 ` yes , andres . ' 
 ` sir , ' said andres , carefully . 
 ` lord dishan 's uncle , wivartha . ' 
 ` yes indeed , and hold your ears because this is where it gets dark . 
 wise and powerful , wivartha dishan is the brother of high lord yux 's late father , yu , and commander of the army of crilshar . 
 his unrivalled wisdom and intelligence make him a ruthless and strategic opponent , and a worthy high council member . 
 he 's an asset to high lord dishan and he knows it . 
 ` now , though crilshans are sly and furtive creatures , and we do not know much about their goings on save that which we know already , there is one of the dark race whom we have n't seen , but know all about . 
 we would all recognise the final of the three , but what do you know of him ? ' 
 anna 's mentor had told her all about the high lord of crilshar -- yux dishan . 
 currently in his early thirties , he was the youngest ruler of the planet ever in its history . 
 callista said that , if anything , it made him all the more dangerous . 
 she had told her of the dangers he 'd faced growing up on crilshar : the power plays , rebellions , and the constant attempts on his life . 
 thus , his own life 's mission had been to secure his dynasty , and with no children of his own so far there had been rumours that he was unable to have a child . 
 the pain he suffered , anna had learned , meant he now took pleasure in causing others pain , creating new-fangled ways of performing deliberately slow torment and torture on his prisoners . 
 ` anybody ? ' 
 no one raised their hand . 
 no one dared . 
 ` anna , ' he said , ` can you tell us anything about yux dishan ? ' 
 she said nothing , choosing not to mention the terrible things she knew of him . 
 it brought back her father 's memory too much . 
 dathlan berenguer had died because of him . 
 she shook her head without making eye contact . 
 ` no ? ' 
 the vizor frowned . 
 ` no one ? 
 very well , i want to hear about him tomorrow from each and every one of you . 
 let that be your task tonight . 
 discover what you can of him . ' 
 he glanced down at anna once more . 
 ` that is all . ' 
 chapter eleven constantine lesper surveyed the planet rotavar from orbit . 
 his craft lingered at the edge of the blockade , awaiting recognition from the crilshan fleet commander . 
 though the fate of the people of this desert colony was not his concern , and despite the fact he would be in and out in a day or two , he could not help but feel a certain amount of pity . 
 tall , bald , and brash was , in all probability , how his crew would describe him . 
 and more often than not , he was . 
 but the task he had embarked upon to this small desert world was serious enough that he knew to keep his lips together and his mind on the brief . 
 if he found what he had come for , the córonat would reward him with everything he had ever wanted , and more . 
 before long the crilshan command ship 's signature riposte was received : an intimidating message of alarm . 
 lesper kept his cool and had his pilots respond with a coded cipher . 
 it was accepted , and his ship , the nyx , passed through the blockade and descended toward the planet surface . 
 the largest city and capital of rotavar was known as kondogopas . 
 due to the overwhelming number of crilshan warriors that had arrived upon the colony , any resistance had been met with zero sympathy ; and so the nyx put down within a fully-subjugated kondogopas , and lesper was met by an armed guard . 
 in spite of the high temperature , it was a noticeably frosty assembly . 
 ` whatever is it you want , it will have to be quick , ' said a mid-ranking officer-gubar as lesper disembarked his craft . 
 ` my men and i are short on time . ' 
 lesper , although pale , was obviously no crilshan . 
 he nodded , doing his best to appear compliant and dutiful ; it was the only way to get by with these creatures . 
 ` i understand your irritation , ' he said . 
 ` and i know your superior officer sent you to meet me at the last moment . 
 if you would take me to him , i 'm certain you 'll be permitted to return to your other duties ... hunting defiant colonists i suppose . ' 
 ` you suppose right , ' he said , smiling toothily . 
 ` but i wo n't take you to my general . 
 his base of operations is n't within my jurisdiction . ' 
 ` funny that , ' lesper said , raising his arm and pulling up his sleeve to reveal his wrist , ` because it 's in mine . ' 
 the crilshan contained his reaction . 
 barely . 
 he breathed in and out three times , before turning . 
 ` this way . ' 
 * * * from the crilshan base of operations , lesper glanced up at the prime ministerial offices . 
 located on a hill in the centre of the city , the extensive structure that made up the government quarter could be seen from all sides . 
 ` my gubar tells me you have the mark , ' said the crilshan general from the other side of the room . 
 lesper turned from the window . 
 ` but if that 's true then i must ask : what are you doing here ? ' 
 lesper paced the length of the room before answering . 
 ` our córonat is unhappy that such obvious force has been used to subjugate the rotavarian system , ' he said , to which the general stood from his seat , tensely . 
 ` a blockade can be overlooked , but the alignment can not ignore genocide . ' 
 ` i simply followed orders from above , ' the general said , wiping sweat from his brow . 
 ` the córonat says to invade , and i am given a strategy for assault . 
 if you are questioning -- ' ` oh no , not questioning . ' 
 ` good , because you have neither the authority nor the skill to scrutinize an army which bears the flag of the dishan ! ' 
 lesper smiled . 
 ` i 'll be sure to pass that opinion on the next time i speak with our córonat . 
 though i imagine ... ' ` imagine what ? ' 
 ` i imagine you 'll be found in greater favour were you to allow me some discretion in another matter . ' 
 the general swore in his own tongue . 
 ` what do you want , lesper ? ' 
 ` access into the prime ministerial offices . 
 edgar mokrikov 's office specifically . ' 
 he needed access to the office to remove an item his lord córonat had asked for . 
 the task was not to be revealed to anyone , and lesper swore it would be done . 
 his cunning always prevailed . 
 ` impossible , ' the general said , however . 
 ` the entire quarter is off limits . ' 
 lesper scoffed . 
 ` at your orders . ' 
 ` and it will remain so . 
 i am following instructions from above . ' 
 ` orders from above , ' he said , beginning to lose his cool . 
 ` always orders from above ! 
 you 're a general , for hell 's sake . 
 you 're not the only one following orders . ' 
 the general walked toward the entrance , but turned at the last moment . 
 sweat still plastered his colourless skin . 
 ` commander lesper , you are not a prisoner here , and you may leave when you wish . 
 but you will remain in the outer sectors until you do . 
 understand ? ' 
 ` i understand , ' lesper said , bunching his hands into fists behind his back . 
 ` good . ' 
 the crilshan left him alone , and he turned to look back out at the hilltop offices . 
 oh yes . 
 lesper understood . 
 time for plan b. chapter twelve a knock struck the bedsit door . 
 callista peered out with a single eye . 
 she knew it was anna , but remained lay on her bed facing up at the ceiling . 
 anna knocked again , and then let herself in . 
 callista let out a fictitious rattle-of-a-snore , attempting not to laugh as she did . 
 she knew anna hated waking her ; the old woman was , by her own admission , habitually cantankerous . 
 she watched anna drift around various tables and stacks of books until she reached the far wall . 
 always that wall , she thought as she continued to watch the girl stare up at a gold-plated map of the four systems ; four rings of ice , cold azure , one for each system : sol , proxima , accentauria , and accentaurib . 
 and , as usual , anna leaned in to read the inscription bowed over the chart . 
 rathir if ar ubilata itrosfir atran stalar abranátik , bitiar lock nepa dv ebwa , tan su son consullit ar imus prezure israr aundata kosmos ` here lies the final rendering of the four stellar systems of humanity , ' she recited . 
 ` for as the tides neap and ebb , so do our lives -- ' ` in the surging mass that is the cosmos surrounding , ' callista finished . 
 anna jumped . 
 she fell back and cracked her hip on the sharp corner of a small cabinet , knocking a tall , purple candle over a stack of books . 
 she hurriedly stood it back up , burning hot wax scalding her hands -- anna 's pain increased tenfold and very quickly callista could n't breathe . 
 an image flashed into her mind : anna 's face . 
 tears . 
 anger . 
 she snapped herself out of the stupor . 
 ` ouch ! ' 
 anna muttered under her breath , and she wiped her hands on her dark uniform . 
 ` i 'm so sorry callista , i 'll -- ' but the old woman had risen and bounded across the dorm . 
 she rummaged through the desk for an empty sheet of paper and scribbled down the image she 'd seen . 
 anna . 
 again . 
 ` callista ? ' 
 anna said , following her over to the dismal corner she 'd thrown herself into . 
 ` quiet ! 
 shush ! ' 
 callista snapped . 
 she had to concentrate before she lost the image . 
 ` i 'll just go then , shall i ? ' 
 anna walked towards the door , but callista reached for her wrist and turned her around . 
 ` do you quite mind ? ' 
 ` like i said , shush girl ! ' 
 she finished her drawing and threw the paper beneath a large encyclopaedia . 
 ` been for another swim today ? 
 not getting any better in your training , i see . 
 your hair 's always damp when i see you ! ' 
 ` actually this time i ... i chose to fall . 
 how did you know i -- ' ` you chose to fall ? 
 why on titan would you choose to fall ? ' 
 ` never mind . 
 what were you doing in that corner ? ' 
 she peered over her shoulder and callista stood quickly , but sat down right away as the blood rushed to her head . 
 ` sit , child , ' she said , ` and i 'll show you . ' 
 anna did as she was told and balanced herself on an egg-shaped stool beside her . 
 she rubbed her hands together , removing the last little crusts of candle wax . 
 ` before i do , ' callista said , ` just one thing . 
 when was the last time you saw your mother ? ' 
 ` yesterday . ' 
 ` not today ? ' 
 ` i thought that was implied in the aforementioned answer . ' 
 callista clouted her across the back of the head . 
 ` less cheek , ' she said . 
 the reason she asked , other than owing to upfront curiosity , was due to the fact that anna 's mother had for some years now been deceased . 
 ` has she done anything different in her recent visits ? ' 
 ` you make it sound as though she 's been somewhere , ' anna said . 
 ` please answer . ' 
 ` she 's with me constantly . 
 i just ca n't see her most of the time . 
 and no , in my dreams she just watches me . ' 
 callista wrote what she said into her note book , which she proceeded to place inside her desk . 
 it tore her heart to admit it , but anna was not the little girl she had once been . 
 the little girl that would forever be asking questions of the cosmos , never content until callista had told her everything she knew ; always happy but never pleased until her never-ending questions were answered to the fullest . 
 she had at all times been honest with her concerning the old woman 's iástronian heritage . 
 anna 's marvel had gone silent , but she knew deep in her heart that it had n't abated . 
 callista reached into her drawer and fished out another book . 
 she handed it to her student . 
 anna opened the leather binding and smelt the natural scent of the aging pages , and then closed her eyes , breathed out slowly , and flicked tenderly through . 
 callista watched her carefully . 
 inside were drawings of titan , the twelve cities ' beauty captured incredibly by callista 's hand -- if she said so herself . 
 turning the pages she found drawings of other cities from out on other worlds : new assyria ; enustine ; the moons of bravoral . 
 then came pictures of people : men , women , and children ; space vessels , nebulae , and images of distant moons , planets , and stars . 
 ` they 're beautiful , callista . 
 you drew them ? ' 
 ` i did . 
 i 've many more like it , but this is the most recent . 
 it 's my dream journal . 
 i write in it whenever i wake . 
 and often in the middle of the day , when something comes back or i find myself daydreaming . ' 
 ` you dreamt all these things ? ' 
 ` vividly ! 
 it 's one of my echoed talents i have yet to share with you . 
 there was a time when i could recall every dream i ever had , but nowadays my memory fails me . 
 i keep these books to peruse , in what has become a vain attempt to understand . ' 
 ` to understand what ? ' 
 callista leaned across and flicked the page forwards twice . 
 ` all of the images you see represent a particular dream or vision i have had . 
 not all of my dreams i can remember the same . 
 some come to me as merely feelings , thoughts , or colours , and are n't always as clear as i 'd like them to be . ' 
 she sat back and heaved a long-winded sigh . 
 ` you 're not finished . 
 go on , towards the end ! ' 
 anna persisted . 
 as she reached the closing pages they were no longer filled with beautiful sketches or portraits , but instead the pages were black , covered in scratching and panicked scrawling of night-black charcoal covering page after page . 
 callista could tell by the look on the girl 's face that she did n't want to go on . 
 anna caught her eye . 
 ` carry on , ' callista said . 
 anna pressed through , though what she saw next surprised and shocked her so much she could hardly contain her alarm . 
 just as callista had anticipated . 
 upon the final sheets the same image had been repeated , over and over . 
 an image callista had seen many times now . 
 the dark orb of black fire . 
 anna 's jaw slumped , eyes shot up to meet the old iástron 's . 
 ` what does it mean ? ' 
 she asked , her voice unnaturally high-pitched . 
 ` i was hoping you could tell me , anna . ' 
 her eyes dimmed , squinting , gazing through the girl , scrutinizing each small movement in her reaction to the drawing . 
 anna was hiding something , but callista sensed she would receive no confession from her young student today . 
 ` i 'm afraid i ca n't help you , callista . 
 what is it ? ' 
 the iástron frowned . 
 ` darkness , my child . 
 utter darkness . 
 as to what it means i can only wonder at this moment , but i was hoping you could help me with it . 
 it 's a recurring dream and thought i 've been having lately . 
 the image of the black orb presented itself after the vague dreams of complete darkness -- hence the black pages . 
 i thought at first i 'd predicted my own death , but alas , it seems not ! ' 
 ` i 'm sorry i ca n't be of more help , ' anna said , standing . 
 ` but i really have to go . 
 a lot of work , you see . ' 
 ` very well ! ' 
 callista waved her off , breathing heavily as she did when recounting her dreams . 
 ` be gone with you ! 
 i 'll ponder the question alone . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' she said , leaving swiftly , but not before placing the book down , still open , on the page presenting the dark orb . 
 * * * callista remained seated . 
 anna knew something about the sphere but would not say . 
 time is all it would take . 
 of that she had no doubt . 
 she sat for some time , listening and thinking . 
 eventually the old woman took herself across to one of the many cabinets and rummaged through , revealing another book . 
 ` oh , ' she said , almost tearfully , as she opened the book on a random page and sat up on her bed . 
 ` oh , peter ... ' she looked down at a drawing she had sketched , which presented a much younger version of herself , standing beside an even younger boy . 
 so , so long ago . 
 ` you have no idea , ' she said to peter as her mind drifted back to their parting . 
 ` you have no idea how much i miss you . ' 
 she recalled a song they would sing among the glistening caverns of europa , and she sang it to herself , slowly and whispered : how far beneath the moon they weep , away from life , from death they sleep , until decree , they all break free , and all shall rise , black from the deep . 
 though fury fills and rage doth stream , the few that vow are those who dream , of greater song and conquered wrong , to kneel among red pools that gleam . 
 standing still amid fervent flames , the wise man bows , red blaze he tames , his hands are pale , he knows naught frail , as wind coils round , his voice proclaims : how far beneath the moon we lie , cut off from life , now ask us why ; we 're strong as one , until they 're gone , with kindly light they 'll hear our cry . 
 she stopped , unable to sing another word , her mind drifting back to that day . 
 after their parting from europa , she had set down upon another of jupiter 's moons : the remote body callisto . 
 used only by trade groups as a hasty go-between , she had managed , after some days alone , to stow aboard a registered vessel ; and so she made her way to titan from there . 
 she left the name lucasta behind , but chose her new name so as to remember the place she had parted from the most amazing man she would ever meet . 
 that is at least what she had thought , until she 'd met little ruben berenguer ... looking through the book she wiped the tears from her cheeks . 
 ` you could move mountains , worlds , entire races with your mind and your words . 
 i 've cut my hair . 
 exchanged my robes for rags . 
 i 've even changed my name . 
 i 've changed everything about the woman i used to be . 
 and no matter what i do to dull the pain of being here without you , it does not change a thing . 
 you 're out there , somewhere , and i 'm here waiting . 
 i 've been waiting for fifty years . ' 
 she closed the book with a snap and took a deep breath . 
 ` but i 'll wait fifty more , peter marx , if it means seeing you again . ' 
 * * * the day after ruben berenguer 's return to titan came , and it was filled with rumour and anticipation . 
 what would have appeared to be the entire twelve cities descended upon the stone piazza outside central tower . 
 word of the general 's announcement had spread fast . 
 everyone was eager to hear news of the alignment and the struggle against crilshar . 
 the titanese council , which had long opted for a strategy of candour and transparency , seldom refused to consent ; and when it was not deemed contrary to titan 's safety , the truth was given to the people . 
 ` careful . 
 watch it ! ' 
 callista exclaimed to passers-by as she hobbled through the crowd . 
 ` for goodness sake , watch where you 're going ! 
 no respect ! 
 one-hundred and twenty-two years and nothing ever changes ! ' 
 the old woman followed as thousands of men , women , and children moved through the central streets in one enormous multi-coloured crowd . 
 she gave up trying to reach the stage and so stood to one side of the horde , not far from the front of the group . 
 on the large stage , temporarily erected , stood ruben , beside maxim pinzón , along with the majority of the council and several other military leaders . 
 at the end of the stage sat anna and gílana . 
 ruben stood up to the podium and a hush descended . 
 ` in the name of our mother , titan , ' he said , ` welcome ! 
 before i begin , a few words of our upcoming celebrations . 
 for over a thousand years these cities have stood as a beacon of progress and of light . 
 our world has forever been a symbol of strength and of mercy . 
 eight-hundred years ago we were recognised for this power . 
 in a matter of weeks we commemorate our triumph . ' 
 it was then , as callista smiled proudly at ruben 's success and bravery , that she sensed something which sent her lightheaded . 
 unsteady on her feet , she looked up and perceived a darkness of an indecipherable kind fall over the crowd , and it seemed to her as though night had come too soon . 
 she clutched her small staff and leaned over , fighting to breathe . 
 she had not been touched by a sensation so intense for a very long time . 
 her eyes skimmed the mass of people stretched out before her , which had n't noticed the darkness . 
 various shades swarmed about , and then she saw something , and at once she knew what it was . 
 her eyes met with those of the crilshan man who watched her through the crowd . 
 he blinked slowly , dark and red eyes visible , and then turned to walk away . 
 callista rushed forward on her cane , hobbling through the crowd which did nothing to help the old woman pass . 
 very quickly she lost sight of the mysterious crilshan , but she could still see his unwelcome presence like an intense , black cloud . 
 she followed as swiftly as she could . 
 ruben 's voice could be heard in the air : ` ... and trade through proxima centauri has been halted until it becomes safe enough for unarmed liners to pass through ... ' callista reached a clearing at the border of the group , and there she saw him . 
 the black and red-eyed man . 
 ` ... a new push to gain access into the first system ... ' he smirked , and nodded , worryingly calm . 
 ` ... leaving only one route to respond ... ' there and then , the piazza thundered and shook beneath the crowd . 
 people panicked and screamed . 
 she turned back and watched ruben look up from his podium ; she followed his line of sight and saw to her horror a dark pillar of smoke rise into the air across the cities . 
 and she knew at that moment something was terribly wrong . 
 ` the first city ! ' 
 somebody cried . 
 ` something 's happened in the dock ! ' 
 nobody knew what was happening , little less what to do . 
 the military captains were charging down the road to their vehicles ; others were raising their comms , attempting to discover the source of the smoke . 
 callista spun once again , but the darkness had passed . 
 the crilshan had gone . 
 ` everybody remain calm ! ' 
 ruben called to the mass of panicked faces . 
 ` this is titan . 
 we are stronger than to panic ! ' 
 but both ruben and callista knew what it meant . 
 ` i was right , ' the old iástron muttered . 
 ` they 're already here . ' 
 chapter thirteen upon the deserted fringes of kondogopas , capital city of rotavar , a crimson ship lay in wait . 
 then it disappeared . 
 thirty seconds later it reappeared . 
 three seconds and it was gone . 
 the oscillation occurred , not because the controller wished to submit some furtive code , or even because they failed to control the primitive cloaking device , but because pilot adra dimal , stood fuming within the cockpit , was in meltdown . 
 dimal swore loudly , ignoring the two crewmembers stood watching , and punched the dashboard with all her anger . 
 the crimson flux disappeared again . 
 dimal turned . 
 ` do you want to take command of the flux ? ' 
 she shrieked . 
 ` no , ' raj timbur , the young man stood before her , mumbled . 
 ` and you ? ' 
 ` no , ' whimpered noah nuveen -- the second , older man . 
 ` well then . 
 we have a problem here . 
 because i 'm quite ready to get up from this pilots chair , march on down to my quarters , and shitting well give up ! ' 
 raj timbur bowed his head , dead-beat . 
 dark-skinned , young , and tall he appeared in direct contrast to the man stood cowering beside him . 
 ` no , no , ' raj said . 
 ` stay in the chair , adra . ' 
 ` yes , ' agreed noah , squat and tubby . 
 ` the chair ... stay ... please . ' 
 dimal sat back down . 
 ` then tell me , boys , why you wo n't agree to any decision i make as acting cap’n of the flux . ' 
 raj shrugged his scrawny shoulders . 
 ` because cap’n justus is the cap’n . ' 
 ` well done , ' noah taunted . 
 ` and justus gave kaara that duty were anything to happen -- ' ` well kaara 's not here anymore , is she ?! ' 
 dimal said , immediately regretting such a tactless comeback -- true as it was . 
 ` look , guys . 
 justus has n't left his quarters since we escaped manera over two days past . 
 who was it that managed to get us onto rotavar ? 
 who saw to it that we landed with our skin still attached when the flux is as damaged as she is ? ' 
 she looked at raj , then a little lower to where noah recoiled . 
 ` huh ? ' 
 ` you , ' they said in unison like children receiving a punishment . 
 ` good . 
 then i say we get the supplies we need and get away from here while we still can . ' 
 ` but we ca n't , ' noah said . 
 ` rotavar 's surrounded . 
 you 've seen the turrets they 've got out there , shooting down everything that moves -- wings or no wings . ' 
 ` and even if we got past them , ' raj continued , ` there 's still the ships in orbit to contend with . ' 
 noah nodded . 
 ` we only made it down here because of the confusion following manera . 
 if it was n't for the veryans we would have left before this all kicked off ! ' 
 ah yes -- the veryans of manera . 
 justus had thought it possible to save them from manera 's destruction in exchange for a fee . 
 typical justus . 
 only , they had n't saved them . 
 the lord and lady veryan had been lost , their daughter , aíron , had only just made it out . 
 and now kaara had been taken ... ` we managed to get down here , ' dimal said . 
 ` so it 's sound to assume there 's a way to get back through . 
 i just want to do it before this ruddy desert gets melted like manera . ' 
 noah wiped a plump hand across his forehead . 
 ` i have no idea how this place has n't melted already . ' 
 dimal shot him an irritable glare . 
 ` i 'm going to go , ' he mumbled . 
 ` let you get some rest . ' 
 ` i 'll go with you , ' raj said quickly , and they both retreated from the cockpit into the mid-section of the craft , mumbling what they must have thought were inaudible gripes . 
 adra twisted in her chair and sighed , gazing out into rotavar 's barren wasteland . 
 they were positioned on the outskirts of kondogopas and had been there for the best part of three days . 
 manera had been wiped off the map , completely annihilated , but rotavar had been occupied , the area surrounding the planet quarantined , and no vessel or craft allowed leave or entry . 
 as she sat pondering their next move , dimal noticed in the corner of her eye a small form enter the cockpit . 
 aíron veryan approached dimal and stood behind her chair as though she wished to speak . 
 the acting captain twisted again in her seat . 
 ` how 's your arm ? ' 
 she asked , referring to the sling aíron had her limb draped in . 
 ` i hear you hit it pretty hard hanging on out there . ' 
 ` not broken , ' the rouge-haired girl replied , placing herself down in the co-pilot 's chair , feet dangling above the floor . 
 adra crossed her legs and leaned back . 
 ` good to hear . 
 everyone 's been welcoming , i hope . ' 
 ` oh , yes , very much . ' 
 ` you look worried , aíron . ' 
 she kept her head down . 
 ` it 's just ... those crilshan soldiers . 
 they 're out there ... lots of them . 
 wo n't they find us ? ' 
 ` eventually yeah , but i 'm planning on us being long gone by then . 
 for now we have our cloaking device activated . 
 it does n't make us invisible , just unnoticeable from the distance the red eyes are right now . 
 but any closer and they will likely spot us . ' 
 ` us , ' aíron repeated . 
 ` how ... how many of you are there ? ' 
 ` in the flux ? ' 
 ` aye . ' 
 ` well , not counting me and the cap’n , there 's rajkumar and noah : the two ingrates you passed on the way in . 
 noah 's our medic and raj is engineering . 
 do n't worry . 
 it takes me ages to learn names too . 
 you 'll get used to them . 
 there 's raj 's sister jayashri -- oh , hi shree , ' she said , noticing another woman trudge into the cockpit . 
 aíron almost fell from her chair when she saw jayashri timbur walk towards them . 
 ` it 's okay , ' dimal told her . 
 ` she 's fine . 
 this is aíron veryan , shree . 
 say hi . ' 
 shree nodded slowly . 
 easily seven-feet tall , and weighing more than raj and noah put together , the gargantuan that was shree made life on board the flux so much easier . 
 she did all the heavy lifting and was always handy to have in a fight . 
 she and her brother had been part of the crew for some years now . 
 they were family -- nothing less . 
 ` your brother 's with noah , shree , ' dimal said . 
 ` okay ? ' 
 shree nodded silently , stood watching aíron for a few moments , and then did a three-point turn , disappearing into another section . 
 aíron breathed out . 
 ` she does n't talk ? ' 
 ` not once . ' 
 aíron looked away , and then back to dimal . 
 ` so there 's only a few of you . 
 and where are you from ? ' 
 ` everywhere , ' she said . 
 ` proveria , mars , and justus is from earth . ' 
 ` i heard earth is pretty awful . ' 
 dimal shook her head . 
 ` oh , it 's not . ' 
 ` then how come you 're here ? ' 
 the girl had a point . 
 the whole crew , however , knew earth was a sore spot for justus . 
 nobody knew why he 'd left , but it was impossible not to notice that they 'd never been near humanity 's home in all the years they 'd been with him . 
 sensing she was n't going to get a response , aíron said , ` and what about the other girl , the -- ' ` girl who saved your life ? ' 
 she nodded . 
 ` kaara . ' 
 her lip trembled , tears welled up . 
 ` brave , gutsy , stupid girl . 
 like a sister to justus . ' 
 ` it 's hit him hard , huh ? ' 
 ` no harder than losing what you have . 
 how 're you holding up ? ' 
 ` i 'll be fine , ' aíron said , unconvincingly . 
 ` what are we going to do now though , adra ? 
 where do we go ? ' 
 ` i do n't know . 
 but we 'll think of something . 
 we always do . 
 some would call it a coincidence that we happened upon your distress call back on your home . 
 i 'd prefer to see it as fate . ' 
 they both smiled . 
 dimal was glad she could offer the girl a small comfort , but she had to force her own smile , knowing that dishan war vessels arriving here so numerous and brutal could only mean a more widespread crisis . 
 the people of rotavar would no doubt be counting down the days until their home followed next and they too suffered the fate of their sister moon . 
 as they continued to gaze out at the second setting sun and watch the darkness rise on this world-held-hostage , dimal pondered their next move . 
 she would have preferred not to have taken the crimson flux 's helm to slip through the blockade during the attack , but justus had n't been able to forgive himself for what had happened to kaara and so shut himself away . 
 he had n't emerged for three days , and everyone , including their temporary guest , understood why . 
 chapter fourteen antal justus unfastened his black overcoat and lowered himself into a cubicle in a quiet corner of the boisterous bar . 
 two unsightly-looking men watched from nearby . 
 justus leered at them confidently . 
 they recognised him , no doubt . 
 most people here did . 
 he 'd had enough of sitting inside the flux . 
 he could n't handle the guilt which bore down on him inside its close walls . 
 it had only taken an hour 's gruelling walk through the desert to reach the capital , and it had given him time to think . 
 before the chance to order arose , a pretty waitress in a sandy-brown headscarf placed a bottle on the table in front of him . 
 being recognised had its rewards . 
 justus had been to the bar a few years ago , only now it was clear that every last scab on rotavar 's freshly-hacked wound had descended on the district , doing much like they did on manera . 
 while ordinary people struggled to find a way off the world , criminals and opportunists could do nothing but take advantage . 
 the worst thing was he knew it might have been him had everything on manera gone to plan . 
 the thirsting captain took a swig of the drink , raising his chin and exposing the veins in his neck as he forced his body to consent to the ice-cold brew . 
 he continued to sit in his corner for some time , watching cruel-eyed passers-by and every so often knocking back another nip of the large bottle . 
 beneath the table his knife lay on his lap , his hand rested on the butt of the blaster he 'd stolen from dimal . 
 come on , he thought . 
 someone pick a fight . 
 anyone . 
 just give me an excuse to tear a head off . 
 a scantily-clad group of women entered the bar and began dancing among the various tables on the other side of the room ; justus watched them carefully . 
 the tiresomely vigorous music being played was in rovaña : the principal language of rotavar and a tongue of which justus knew very little . 
 the women looked innocent enough , but he 'd learned the hard way that whatever they wanted they got ... or took ... or killed for . 
 it was one of those times that his looks became useful . 
 pale beyond comparison and displaying long , unkempt , shoulder-length black hair meant most women were revolted by his appearance . 
 for the most part he preferred it that way . 
 ` poor excuse for a language , ' grunted a voice from nearby . 
 then again , he thought , being recognised also has its drawbacks ... ` excuse me ? ' 
 justus said to a hooded man , sat alone on the next table . 
 ` rovaña , ' the man said with a voice deeper than a crilshan cavern , referring to the descant currently sounding . 
 ` a poor copy of its old russian derivation , do n't you think ? ' 
 unbelievable . 
 ` it hardly matters . 
 i only speak languages that speak to me . ' 
 the man laughed and moved his seat closer . 
 ` i 'm curious . 
 languages such as ? ' 
 ` the common tongue , of course . 
 money , my favourite . 
 and death . 
 though the latter i 'd rather not know . ' 
 he laughed loudly once again , and removed his hood to reveal a hairless head . 
 justus put him in his early fifties ; he was wrapped up tightly in a dark cloak , and as well as lacking anything akin to eyebrows he bore an oddly oversized forehead . 
 ` you enjoying the drink ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` you sent this over ? ' 
 ` either you 're very stupid , ' he said , ` or you 've given up caring whether or not someone could lace your drink . ' 
 ` pick one , ' justus said . 
 ` then piss off . ' 
 but he did n't . 
 ` lesper , ' he said , holding out his hand . 
 ` constantine lesper . ' 
 justus regarded him silently , and did n't move . 
 ` listen , old man -- ' ` oh , but you do n't have to introduce yourself , captain . 
 please , let me finish ! 
 captain antal justus of the crimson flux . 
 you 're notorious around these parts . 
 you 'd be royalty among thieves were you not envied and hated alike by these less successful felons . ' 
 ` everyone knows that , ' justus said , unimpressed . 
 ` if that 's all you -- ' ` born on earth , recruited to earth forces aged sixteen . 
 father : unknown . 
 mother : the late lady casandra -- ' ` okay , stop ! ' 
 he yelled , causing those nearby to stop what they were doing . 
 the dancing women continued preying on drunken idiots . 
 who is this man ? 
 unfolding his arms he leaned forward , right hand loosely grasping his dagger beneath the table . 
 ` you have my attention , lesper . 
 what is it you want ? ' 
 lesper bore his teeth in a disingenuous smile . 
 ` my boy , i do n't want anything from you . 
 you can put the blade away . 
 i do , however , want to offer you something . ' 
 ` and what would that be ? ' 
 lesper grinned . 
 ` a life of thrills and threats . 
 purpose . 
 meaning . 
 the chance of a thousand lifetimes . ' 
 * * * a shadow rolled through the hot and hostile streets of kondogopas . 
 swift and silent , it vaulted stone walls and negotiated newly partitioning barriers like they were children 's playground toys . 
 antal justus stopped to breathe , lifted the lip of his dark coat 's hood , and caught sight of the large , elevated buildings at the top of the hill before him . 
 the young captain had journeyed to rotavar some years ago , prior to meeting and later forming his crew on the flux . 
 but now he was here for an entirely different reason , under a set of circumstances he 'd not envisaged in a hundred dreams . 
 that 's if you could describe them as dreams . 
 nightmares would be a better word to adequately portray his nightly forays . 
 he blocked out the images and focused on the task at hand . 
 the steps of the government quarter were sheer and narrow , and he barely avoided a patrol of three armed crilshans . 
 with ease he clambered over a spiked , metal partition and set his sights on the high , terraced building ahead . 
 ` go to the central government facility , ' the peculiar old man , lesper , had told him earlier that night . 
 ` make your way to the most heavily-guarded section of the prime minister 's building , and in his private office you 'll find what i want . 
 you will obtain the item and bring it to me . 
 then -- and only then -- will we discuss your joining my organisation . ' 
 smash ! 
 the window of prime minister mokrikov 's office broke inward and justus hopped stealthily within . 
 he gazed around the enormous , high-ceilinged room , filled in its entirety with a sinister air of abandon . 
 dark patches of what he could only guess was blood stained the floor . 
 he gave himself a moment to admire the stunning architecture , which in the dark appeared hauntingly magnificent . 
 not daring to turn on a light he then headed as instructed for the large , curved metal desk and began sifting through the papers on top . 
 it wo n't be here , he thought . 
 not here . 
 not so exposed . 
 he fought to keep his eyes open as he rummaged around , constantly checking for signs he 'd been discovered . 
 a thin beam of light crossed beneath the office door , and he wondered whether anyone was outside . 
 ` do n't move . ' 
 he froze . 
 ` who are you ? ' 
 asked a man with a voice both tight and stern . 
 noting the drawl in his tone , justus answered , ` you 're no crilshan . ' 
 the man stepped out of the shadows . 
 ` neither are you . ' 
 turning , justus leaned casually against the desk with a grin . 
 ` well detected . ' 
 ` what do you want ? ' 
 he demanded , aiming an advanced blaster . 
 obviously a rotavarian , he wore the emerald coat and armour of the defence force . 
 ` well that depends -- ' ` whoa , wait ! ' 
 he said . 
 ` i know you . 
 antal justus ! ' 
 ` once more , well detected . ' 
 ` ha ! 
 you 're wanted around these systems for piracy , theft , and hell-knows-what-else ! ' 
 ` tried , but never convicted ! ' 
 justus corrected . 
 ` i never gave them chance . 
 you steal that weapon from a crilshan ? ' 
 he nodded . 
 ` the one lay dead outside . 
 his companions will be with us any moment . 
 now what do you want , captain ? ' 
 ` did the late prime minister have a safe in here by any chance ? ' 
 justus peered about the room for a hint of both an undisclosed hiding place and a means of escape -- as he knew it would surely come to it . 
 ` ` no , ' the rotavarian replied . 
 ` what are you doing here ? ' 
 ` i 'm betting he did . 
 where is it ? ' 
 ` i asked first . ' 
 justus hummed provokingly . 
 ` tick tock , tick tock ! 
 they 're on their way , old boy . ' 
 he followed the man 's eyes as they moved unknowingly to the right-hand side of the desk . 
 ` very good ! ' 
 he jumped up and sprang to the side the writing table , touching around and eventually prising the surface away to reveal an intricately-designed safe box . 
 the rotavarian edged closer to catch a glimpse of what justus had exposed . 
 ` you 'll never get in , ' he said , almost leaning over the captain 's shoulder . 
 ` wan na ' bet ? ' 
 ` i 'd rather just shoot you . ' 
 justus grinned , attempting to remember the numbers lesper had provided him . 
 ` three , seven ... four ... five , orant ... tarau , ' he recalled in excitement , ` redanta , thirteen , and actha ! ' 
 the box flew open and justus ' head shot back , making crushing contact and breaking the rotavarian 's nose . 
 ` aggghhh ! 
 blya ! 
 blya ! ' 
 he said , dropping the blaster and clutching his bloody face in agony . 
 justus lurched in reverse , knocking him onto his back beneath the shattered window ; leaning down to pick up the fallen weapon , he turned to face him . 
 ` apologies , ' justus said , heaving his shoulders , ` but i need what 's in here . ' 
 he leaned back in and continued to rummage through , lifting items out and throwing them away behind him . 
 before long he found what lesper had wanted , and lifted up a silver-backed book , the rotavarian ` r ' insignia present upon the cover . 
 ` mokrikov 's diary ! ' 
 the bloody-nosed man gasped . 
 ` you were wanting this yourself ? ' 
 justus perceived the all-too-familiar look of a man yearning for something just out of his grasp . 
 ` no . ' 
 ` i 'll take that no to mean a yes . 
 and i 'll reply to that yes with a goodbye . 
 apologies once more -- ' the unexpected clatter of movement outside the room caused them both to lock eyes in sudden panic . 
 the shifting light beneath the door revealed they had in fact been found . 
 perfect . 
 though momentarily dismayed , justus ' shocked grimace twisted into a grin . 
 pulling out of his pocket a small disk , he threw it towards the large office doors , and then turned to fling the soldier 's blaster out of the broken window . 
 he pulled himself on top of the prime minister 's desk , kicking away books and paperweights . 
 as he did , however , a small fragment of paper fell from the silver diary , drifted towards the window . 
 the rotavarian reached out a hand and caught it . 
 ` what does it say ? ' 
 justus asked in a second of panic . 
 the man looked up . 
 the bulky doors of the office fell inward with a flattening thud , and several men entered the room , rifles aimed at justus , who still stood on the desk . 
 he looked to the ceiling . 
 or , rather , the pane of glass buried within it . 
 ` rotavaraan ! ' 
 he shouted , raising his arms to the crilshans , ` or however you pronounce it ! ' 
 he reached for his belt , took out his blaster . 
 ` it is with deep regret that i must now leave this planet in your impeccable keeping ! ' 
 he looked across at the rotavarian and smiled once more , then nodded . 
 the rotavarian understood and threw himself down , hands covering his head . 
 with one hand justus pointed his blaster at the ceiling , clicked its function-shift , and simultaneously brought the other to his belt . 
 ` goodbye chaps ! ' 
 the ground shook . 
 all went silent , and smoke filled the room , and a blinding light . 
 the disc device he 'd thrown became trapped under the door and , upon detonation , threw it back outside , along with several screeching bodies . 
 the subsequent seconds unfolded with what justus had always termed ` stubborn luck , ' and his well-aimed wire shot took him from the smoke-filled room and out into the open air . 
 there he laughed and whooped , warm wind in his hair , as he began to race across the winding and twisting rooftops of the prime ministerial offices . 
 if it had n't been for the skylight -- and dimal 's brilliantly borrowed blaster -- he doubted he 'd have made it out of that room alive . 
 he jumped , journal in hand , across a wide passage , avoiding a narrow pitfall , before glancing back . 
 upon spotting the rotavarian leap across the roof behind him , his long emerald overcoat flailing in the strong wind , justus almost fell from the brink . 
 ` not tonight ! ' 
 he looked back again to see his determined rival swiftly catching up . 
 justus took out another disc-grenade and threw it behind , but gaped in dismay and frustration as the rotavarian kicked it aside . 
 the disc flew over the edge and a portion of the building exploded beneath them . 
 the roof crumbled away , tiles sliding beneath his feet -- he jumped a wide split in the slate and skidded on his knees and elbows , making sure not to let go of the diary . 
 finding his feet he looked back a third time to see the nuisance-of-a-man still taking chase . 
 justus ' eyes widened , however , when he realised they were n't alone . 
 several crilshans had now joined the pursuit . 
 ` blast ! ' 
 he shouted as a hail of red-glowing bullets flew past his ear . 
 he jumped off the roof onto a lower ledge , hoping to avoid the gunfire , but he slipped on arrival and collapsed onto his back , crying , ` ouch ! 
 ouch ! 
 ouch ! ' 
 a body landed beside him , and a voice said , ` i 'll take that ! ' 
 almost simultaneously he felt a sharp kick to his face and the book was prised from his hands . 
 ` shit ! ' 
 he reached out and gripped the man 's leg , pulling him to the floor . 
 a second kick struck his jaw . 
 the rotavarian disappeared over the edge . 
 dazed , justus jumped up and hurdled over the roof onto a lower ledge after the man , landing on top of him with a thud . 
 both landed face down on the concrete . 
 the journal fell from the rotavarian 's hands . 
 justus stretched out , but he was too late . 
 it slid down the steep side of the building and became caught in a grate at the verge . 
 ` now look what you 've done ! ' 
 cried the rotavarian , picking himself up . 
 ` what right do you have ?! ' 
 ` i 'm a captain ! ' 
 ` i 'm a chief ! ' 
 he shot back . 
 ` step back then , your highness , ' justus said , bowing . 
 ` i 'll get it ! ' 
 ` i do n't think so , ' the chief yelled , bounding in front of him . 
 the captain swung a well-aimed punch which made contact with the right side of his face . 
 his opponent had n't been quick enough for that , but for the second he was . 
 justus leaned forward with another swing and the man ducked , bringing his knee up into his rival 's chest with a solid blow . 
 justus fell winded to the ground . 
 the chief went for the journal , but was forced to turn as a beefy-looking crilshan landed before him . 
 he kicked the dark-eyed man in the chest and forced him over the side of the building . 
 justus wiped the blood from his lip . 
 realising he had no choice but to return with the diary , he forced himself to block out the pain and focus . 
 as his enemy 's back was turned , he swung his legs out and tripped the chief , sending him smashing , head first , into the wall with a more-than-cringe-worthy thud . 
 he reached for his belt , removed and fixed a high-intensity cable to the exterior window behind him , and rapidly cast several grenades over the rim of the roof . 
 taking one last look at his fallen foe , who in turn looked up at him from the ground , justus bounded down the slope and threw himself off the edge . 
 * * * chief aleksey vasily watched in despair as antal justus disappeared over the edge clutching mokrikov 's diary . 
 he leaned over to see the captain freefall the entire length of the building before triggering the rope 's safety response . 
 at that moment , from the base of the building , a thunderous explosion resonated throughout the structure and plumes of smoke and flame rose high above the ground . 
 justus disappeared . 
 he 'd got away . 
 there was nothing he could do now . 
 as a torrent of bullets from above burst in his direction , the chief slammed through the window behind him and disappeared inside . 
 he had not obtained what he 'd come for , but aleksey vasily , chief of the rotavarian defence force , was alive , free , and ready to fight for his world . 
 there was much he had to do , and making his way down through the building and out into the street below , he ran for hiding . 
 now the battle would begin . 
 as he raced from the quarter now crumbling , ablaze , and smoking , he ran into the shadows , remembering the small piece of paper that had fallen from the diary . 
 he pulled it out of his boot and smoothed it out to find that it was a letter , and on the outside appeared one word marked in mokrikov 's majestic , looping script ... ... berenguer . 
 chapter fifteen the wind blew wild and sharp that morning on the outskirts of kondogopas . 
 neither the accentaurian nor the accentauriban sun had yet surfaced and justus marched back toward the flux , heaving his aching back and breathing through nostalgic sighs . 
 the return journey had given him , if anything , too much time to think . 
 he had left the silver diary exactly where he 'd been told ; lesper would no doubt have it by now . 
 he had already given justus a time for leaving , but held back the fine point of where they 'd be leaving from . 
 he knew lesper had a crew and a ship of his own , ready to proceed to their destination -- wherever that was -- but he still was n't convinced he could be trusted . 
 still replaying the night 's events over and over , he approached the flux from behind . 
 the rear port was still unlocked . 
 he 'd only gone for a drink , hoping to clear his head , and once again he 'd somehow wound up breaking into an official 's quarters , stealing an object worth nothing to him , and , rather more auspiciously , taking out a few crilshans along the way . 
 all in all , not a bad night . 
 but it was the offer lesper had presented which sent his mind in a spin . 
 a chance to leave it all behind : the nightmares , the memory , the risk -- ` and just where 've you been ? ' 
 adra dimal asked , hanging from the port as he passed beneath , and dropping behind him . 
 justus turned . 
 ` ca n't a captain go for a drink when he feels like it ? ' 
 ` we both know that 's not why you took off , ' she said . 
 ` get into a fight , did ` ya ? 
 kill anyone ? ' 
 he shrugged . 
 ` no one that did n't deserve it . ' 
 his co-pilot breathed out . 
 ` and if you were captured , or killed , or worse , brought them back here ? 
 you could 've drawn attention and got us all caught ! ' 
 justus gestured behind him at the dim , desolate horizon . 
 ` yeah , but i did n't . ' 
 ` what 's up with you ? ' 
 she moved closer , and stroked his rough face . 
 her hand was soft . 
 ` kaara ... her loss ... it 's hard for us all . 
 but i do n't want to see you go to pieces , alright ? 
 you 're still our captain . 
 they all think you 're an opportunist . 
 a coward . ' 
 ` i am . ' 
 ` oh , i know . 
 but there 's also courage . 
 a lot more courage than anyone else sees . ' 
 he took her hand in his . 
 ` you see . ' 
 dimal nodded . 
 ` i see . ' 
 almost as though time itself had chosen that moment , justus felt a familiar rhythm swell along his arm , and he took a step back , gazing at the small screen on his glove-comm . 
 his eyes did n't leave the communication as he double-checked the received message . 
 the coordinates of lesper 's ship appeared before him . 
 ` justus ? ' 
 dimal said . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 it 's final , that 's what . 
 ` justus ? ' 
 her expression , though drenched in dark and shadow , was utterly bewildered . 
 ` i 'm not staying with you , ' he said . 
 ` there 's something i have ... ' ` what ? ' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 ` i ... i 've been given the chance for a fresh start . 
 away from this life , from these memories ... this hell . ' 
 he gazed into her eyes . 
 ` you 're captain now . ' 
 he went to move , but dimal held out her arm . 
 he 'd expected a thump , a slap -- anything but sympathy . 
 ` i know how hard kaara 's death was for you , ' she said . 
 ` but it was n't your fault . ' 
 ` yes it was ! ' 
 he said , pushing past her but spinning back . 
 ` and so were the ones before , and all those that 'll come , if i stay . 
 it 's time i stopped acting the fool , time i stopped putting all your lives at risk -- ' ` you 're doing that by walking away ! ' 
 ` you 're free of me . ' 
 ` i do n't want to be free of you . ' 
 ` it 's always someone else that finishes up taking the fall , ' he said . 
 ` it 's never me . ' 
 ` you 're just going to leave us here ? ' 
 her face flushed scarlet , her lip quivering . 
 ` you coward ! 
 you ca n't just run away ! ' 
 ` i can go wherever i want , ' he said calmly . 
 he 'd made up his mind ; there was no way he could stay . 
 ` nothing you can say will change this , adra . ' 
 tears welled up behind her eyes . 
 she fought them . 
 taking one last look at him , she turned and stormed back inside the crimson flux , smashing her fist into the glass divider within . 
 silence . 
 thunder soon broke among emerging black clouds . 
 he looked at his glove and said , ` our destination ? ' 
 at once his words appeared on the glove-screen before him . 
 the message was sent . 
 he took out the blaster he 'd taken from her , threw it inside , and turned to walk away . 
 ` she 's right , you know . ' 
 he turned and glared at noah , his medic , stood still and hooded in the shadow of the ship . 
 ` how much did you hear , noah ? ' 
 ` she 's right , captain . 
 in my books saving a life is just about the greatest act one may ever do . 
 there 's a girl in there who is alive because of you . ' 
 ` yeah , and one less too . ' 
 ` we ca n't change the past , ' noah said . 
 ` but your sadness will pass in time . ' 
 ` what would you know about my sadness ? ' 
 ` what happened to kaara was not your fault . 
 what happened to the veryans was not your fault . ' 
 ` yes ... it was . 
 but it 's not just that . 
 i wish ... i wish to the gods i could have done more . ' 
 his vision blurred . 
 ` you did n't see their faces . 
 thousands died on manera . 
 so many that i could have saved ! 
 but i did n't . 
 i ran past women and children , screaming and crying for somebody to help them , for anyone to do something . 
 but i just ran , like i always do . 
 it 's all i 'm good at . 
 they died because of me . 
 the veryans died because of me . 
 kaara died because of me . ' 
 noah took off his hood and stepped forward , his belly bursting through the middle of the cloak . 
 ` there is always something more we can do . 
 but what has passed nobody can change . 
 all anyone can do is promise to do better , next time . ' 
 justus looked away . 
 ` there wo n't be a next time for me . ' 
 ` why 's that ? ' 
 ` i 'm done . 
 i 've tried to save lives , but i only finish up losing them . ' 
 ` what kind of superhuman do you imagine yourself to be , captain ? ' 
 justus held his gaze for what seemed like forever , fighting to summon the strength to say the words . 
 he bunched his hands into fists . 
 ` it 's time i found another path . 
 look after adra . 
 say goodbye to raj and shree for me . ' 
 ` but antal ... ' ` goodbye , noah . ' 
 and justus walked away , with thunder rumbling and lightning striking the desert soil in blinding , solemn flashes . 
 no rain fell , but the wind caught his black cloak in powerful gusts . 
 darkness endured and the man , no longer captain of the crimson flux , looked at his shuddering wrist at the reply from commander lesper : -- destination : the weapon to destroy worlds chapter sixteen a sonorous drone shook the still air , disturbing the silence normally found high above the transcending towers of titan . 
 anna berenguer watched three hovercraft move across the domed sky , far off in the outlying sectors of the city . 
 she did not mind a change from the quiet she routinely found up on her seventieth-storey terrace . 
 she had become used to the quiet and deep thought , especially in recent weeks . 
 a hush seemed suddenly to have consumed titan ; the successful attack on the docking city two weeks ago had unsettled everybody . 
 alongside her building soared the great central tower , tallest edifice in all twelve domes , while all about her stood the affluent borough -- home to many great structures which housed the privileged lords and ladies of the city . 
 pillar-like towers stood before and around her like immense metallic trees in undying woodland . 
 sitting on the edge of the upper tier she allowed one of her legs to hang over the brink , while upon the other she rested her head and embraced with her arms . 
 she heaved a sigh of calm , closed her swollen eyes . 
 she had been so tired lately . 
 no longer able to see her mother in her dreams , her nights had become darker , the nightmares more vivid , foul , and worryingly frequent . 
 it seemed there was no escape . 
 a powerful wind tore straight for her , causing her to shut her eyes and back away , her long hair blowing out behind . 
 the several military vehicles approached quickly and hovered nearby . 
 thunderous , large , and formidable , they circled the towers in immense formations typical of confident pilots of the titanese guard . 
 one day that would be her , anna knew -- were she ever to graduate the institute . 
 out of the corner of her eye she noticed a tall figure move behind and sit cross-legged beside her . 
 she did not need to look to know who it was . 
 ` do n't move , ' said jon del ' oueste indignantly . 
 ` i have three questions . 
 question one : does the young lady mind explaining why she 's sitting on her own up here while preparations for titan 's eight-hundredth year celebrations are going on without her ? ' 
 anna continued to look out at the view . 
 ` does the young man mind telling the young lady why he wasted a trip up here to ask a question to which he already knows the answer ? ' 
 ` the young lady makes a good point , ' jon said . 
 ` question two : why must she be such a know-it-all ? ' 
 ` because the young man acts like such a dim-wit , the young lady must point out the obvious so as not to confuse him . ' 
 ` very funny , ' he said , and edged along closer . 
 anna turned to him . 
 he held her gaze . 
 she stared back silently , but he broke into a smile first and playfully thumped her on the shoulder . 
 she hit him back a little harder and they both turned to look out at the view . 
 the hovercraft disappeared behind more distant towers and the silence returned . 
 ` question three : have i done something wrong ? ' 
 anna did not reply , lost in her thoughts . 
 ` it 's still as beautiful now as when you brought me up here when we were children , ' he said . 
 ` yes i remember , ' she sniggered . 
 ` you were sick . ' 
 ` do n't remind me . ' 
 ` yet , i feel as though it 's wasted on me now . 
 it 's beautiful yes , but the magnificence fades a little after you 've gazed upon it every single day for eighteen years . ' 
 ` then why is it you spend more time up here than anywhere else ? ' 
 ` i feel calm here , ' she said , watching jon sigh ; the way he always did when she spoke in that way . 
 ` titan , the twelve cities , this place , it 's -- ' ` like a cage , ' he finished . 
 he looked away as anna stared him down . 
 ` how 's your uncle coping ? ' 
 anna shook her head . 
 ` he 's not been the same since the attack at the dock . 
 he 's under a lot of pressure at the moment . 
 he feels responsible for what happened . 
 after all , the explosives were within his craft . ' 
 ` it does n't sound good , does it ? ' 
 she looked at him and bit her lip . 
 ` something does n't feel right , jon . 
 he was always good at hiding things , just not from me . 
 i can always tell when he 's being less than honest . 
 he and callista wo n't tell me what 's going on . 
 they do n't trust me . ' 
 ` i 'm sure they do . ' 
 he smiled softly . 
 ` what about your nightmares ? 
 are they still as bad as they were ? ' 
 ` i have n't had one for days , ' she lied . 
 ` well that can only be good , ca n't it ? ' 
 ` yes , i suppose . ' 
 ` have you thought any more about telling callista of them ? ' 
 ` do you really think it 's the crilshans who are responsible for the explosion ? ' 
 she asked . 
 jon frowned at her obvious attempt to change the subject . 
 ` who else ? ' 
 ` i do n't know . 
 the general told me that titan has a lot of enemies , resentful of our power ... or else supporters of the dishan . 
 they have a lot of support in proxima right now . ' 
 ` look who 's been listening in interstellar relations for once , ' jon teased . 
 the truth was she had not attended the institute at all the past week . 
 the nightmares of the black orb had gotten worse since witnessing callista 's dream diary . 
 she had been so tired it had been impossible to stay awake . 
 it was almost like the dream was sucking the life right out of her . 
 ` i do n't think anyone else could have done this , ' jon said . 
 ` it has to be crilshar . ' 
 ` what do you expect will happen now ? ' 
 ` i imagine it 's only a matter of time until we have crilshans flooding into the first system . 
 they 're already in the other three . 
 word down at the dock is they 're destroying our allied trade ships , and i 'll be surprised if the council does n't respond to the invasion of rotavar . 
 i 've been working down at the dock every day since the attack . 
 it 's been two weeks and it still is n't operational . ' 
 anna said nothing , but moved closer to jon and rested her head against his shoulder . 
 he put his arm around her and held her tightly . 
 she looked down to see his hand shaking . 
 ` do you think they 're using the attack on the dock as an excuse not to help rotavar ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` it 's what crilshar would want ... if i were them , ' he said . 
 ` maybe they 've infiltrated the council and are planning on usurping lady pinzón ! ' 
 they burst into laughter . 
 ` i 'd like to see them try and take her on , ' anna said . 
 ` the general says he 'd rather confront an army of almuits than that old witch ! ' 
 they doubled up in hysterics and cuddled a while longer . 
 anna gazed at his soft , dark hair and subtle brown eyes . 
 ` you should n't be here with me , ' she told him . 
 ` huh ? ' 
 ` you 're amazing , and you understand all this way more than anyone else i know . 
 you should have been taken into the guard long ago . ' 
 ` you know that families like mine are what hold titan together , ' he said . 
 ` we do all the tasks no one else will do . 
 the guard is n't for me . ' 
 ` it could be . ' 
 ` i do n't enjoy working with my father repairing the harbour city , but i just do it . 
 i still ask myself why i did n't even try to join up . 
 but being here ... with you ... i 'm so glad i did n't . ' 
 jon squeezed her hand and she grasped his firmly in return . 
 ` jon ? ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 she paused . 
 ` you know i ... nothing . ' 
 he smiled . 
 ` i know . ' 
 with that he turned her around , took careful hold of her face with both shaking hands , and looked into her eyes . 
 ` run away with me . ' 
 anna froze . 
 ` what ? ' 
 he breathed deeply and repeated , ` run away with me , anna . 
 i 've thought about leaving titan for good -- thought about it for so long -- and now i 'm going to do it -- and i want you to come with me . 
 i can protect you . 
 we can leave titan behind and have a life together . 
 somewhere safe . 
 somewhere else . 
 please say yes . ' 
 she thumped him on the shoulder again . 
 ` do n't be ridiculous ! ' 
 ` i 'm not . ' 
 ` you 're joking ! ' 
 ` i wish i was . ' 
 anna stood . 
 ` leave titan ? 
 i ... i could n't ... i mean , my family , my sister . 
 we have lives here . 
 we ca n't just r ... run away . ' 
 ` think about yourself , anna -- think about us , ' he said , standing and following her back towards her room . 
 ` this place is no longer safe . 
 look at the armies preparing to march to war right in front of you . 
 a war they wo n't win . 
 we do n't have a future here . ' 
 anna could n't think straight . 
 here was the man she loved giving her the greatest choice , the most terrible choice . 
 ` i do have a future on titan , ' she said . 
 ` i turn eighteen the day after tomorrow . 
 then i can join the forces , the titanese guard , and then help to fight . ' 
 ` do you really think your uncle will let you join the guard with everything that 's happening right now ? ' 
 he cried , following her inside . 
 ` he will ! 
 he said he 'd allow me to once i turned eighteen . 
 after all this time it 's now only two days away ! 
 why else would he train me if not to prepare me for the trials of the four systems ? ' 
 jon made no reply . 
 ` look , i ca n't leave . 
 i can count on the general . 
 he wo n't let me down . 
 i trust him more than anyone . ' 
 after a brief silence jon mumbled , ` i see . 
 well i hope you 're right . 
 but i seriously have to consider leaving . 
 there 's nothing much for me here ... other than you . 
 i 've found a way to disappear . 
 working amongst all the confusion at the docks it 's been easy to get hold of flight schedules and spacecraft plans . 
 we 'll visit places you 've always wanted ! ' 
 anna could not reply . 
 ` the offer 's still there , but not for long . 
 we 'd have to go soon ... ' a tear rolled down her cheek . 
 ` ... and leave ... for earth . ' 
 chapter seventeen with all the cares anna had been carrying of late , she had easily overlooked the many celebrations due to take place that year , most of which were beginning that very week . 
 the standard year 4262 marked the eight-hundredth year since titan became an established world , surrendering the given title of colony . 
 it was a big deal by any account , and at the end of the week huge gatherings had been planned all across the twelve cities -- the largest of which was to take place at central tower . 
 it was useful timing ; everybody needed something to cheer them up . 
 it just so happened that that week was also anna 's birthday . 
 two days and everything would change for the better . 
 having left jon alone anna raced across the central city in the direction of the command dome . 
 experiencing a little trouble getting past security , she managed to get them to back down , and off she went in search of her uncle . 
 jon was wrong . 
 the general would not stop her from joining the guard . 
 she would prove it right now . 
 she found him stood outside the principal chamber of the titanese council , clad in his best silver and black velvet surcoat , chatting happily with another member of the assembly . 
 but as she strode up the general 's expression rolled from cheerful to one of shock . 
 ` anna , how did you -- ' ` excellent security you have here , ' she said . 
 ` you need to give that entrance guard a raise . 
 and perhaps a little more training . ' 
 but the general was n't smiling . 
 ` you ca n't just wander in here , anna . ' 
 ` i know , but i need to speak to you . ' 
 ` what 's wrong ? 
 is it callista ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 ` your sister ? ' 
 ` no , they 're fine . 
 i just need to talk . ' 
 ` i 'm afraid whatever you want to say , it 'll have to wait , anna dear , ' he said . 
 ` i 'm about to go into a meeting . ' 
 fidgeting , she said , ` is it important ? ' 
 ` somewhat . 
 but nothing for you to worry about . 
 go on , we 'll speak later . 
 ` but i -- ' ` later , anna . ' 
 she turned , blushing . 
 the other council members had stopped to watch , so she scurried back around the corner and out of sight . 
 it seemed strange ; it looked to her as though the entire council was there . 
 that only happened in times of crisis . 
 as usual her curiosity took hold and , peering back around the wide pillar behind which she had taken cover , she watched her uncle turn and continue his conversation with the elderly anthea godíno -- a good friend of the berenguers and a devoted champion of their cause . 
 thickset and almost dwarf-like , anthea still looked beautiful in her old age , and presented her silver hair in twisted locks wrapped elegantly around her shoulders . 
 anna thought of jon 's words : ` do you really think your uncle will let you join the guard with everything that 's happening right now ? ' 
 glancing around her carefully , she crept from behind the pillar and moved to the back of another white column . 
 there stood several in tempered succession , all along the opening to the large council chamber where the nearby assembly was gathered . 
 anna chose her timing well and tiptoed behind the columns , sliding in through the semi-open doors . 
 inside she found a dark and spacious hall . 
 it was windowless , devoid of all natural light , but the periphery of the chamber was lined with enormous stone statues . 
 narrow shafts of light burned from each of their bases . 
 some statues she recognised as past lords and ladies and other famous symbols of titan . 
 along the chamber 's centre stretched two long tables lined with fine chairs ; they both faced each other with an opening of four small strides in between . 
 at the end of the two counters , positioned in the centre , was a large lilac coloured chair on a platform which rose slightly higher . 
 mighty doors groaned open and the shrill echo set anna bounding towards the edge of the room . 
 she buried herself in the shrubbery scattered between each the sculptures , her heart thumping in her throat . 
 peering through a leafy gap she watched the lords , ladies , administrators , and captains promptly make their way into the grand room , forming rows of regal poses and humourless expressions . 
 separated into tables of military and non-military men and women , they each took their positions and sat , still chatting among themselves . 
 anna counted roughly fifty in total , all wearing luxurious robes like her uncle ruben . 
 from her hiding place she watched her uncle sit at the end of the farthest table , beside the elevated chair , clasping his hands together and eyeing the council members sat directly opposite . 
 the chair to his left was empty , but sat in the next she recognised the disgruntled face of captain ernesta mendoza . 
 a little along she spotted the cheerful countenance of another captain . 
 fresh-faced and naturally tanned , diego ferranti sat still , his handsome blond curls drooping down in such a way that every so often they forced him to blow them from in front of his eyes . 
 anna found herself grinning at his amusing expression whenever it occurred . 
 before any of them could get comfortable the large doors of the room creaked back open and in strode lady maxim pinzón . 
 the woman had always scared anna ; she had a strange , powerful air about her . 
 pinzón glided the length of the room in seconds , her own long purple cloak floating behind her as though trying to escape . 
 she never looked in high spirits . 
 everyone rose to greet her as she drifted between the two tables ; though judging by the lady 's face , which glowed almost as purple as her cloak , she could not have cared less had they remained seated . 
 stopping at her chair as two members of the guard slammed the chamber door closed , she breathed deeply , before gently sitting , crossing her legs , and joining both hands upon her lap . 
 at once anna was forced to move as two of the titanese guard that had entered with lady pinzón made their way towards where she was hidden . 
 her body filled with the adrenaline of dread , fearing she had been seen , but she managed to slink behind another grand grey statue of a past lord of titan holding a coiled blade high above his head . 
 she stopped moving and stayed deadly quiet , remaining breathless but fortunately unnoticed . 
 in an attempt , it would seem , to abandon tradition , introductions were overlooked and lady pinzón made a start . 
 ` a dark day is looming , ' she declared . 
 ` and with it the time has come for us to decide what is truly important to us and our people . ' 
 the room remained silent , and then a high-pitched voice spoke . 
 ` what was important to us a century ago is still important to us now , ' said anthea godíno , struggling to reach over the table . 
 ` what was important to us one month ago is still important to us now . 
 my dear colleagues , nothing has changed -- ' ` everything has changed ! ' 
 a deep voice boomed from the chamber door , which now stood wide open . 
 ` or do you not see what goes on past the end of your nose , anthea ? ' 
 ` now hold on -- ' ` but of course , ' the newcomer went on , ` not everybody can be expected to comprehend the transformations that occur as well as others . ' 
 anna felt herself glaring at the newcomer as he paced down the room , clutching a long , dark staff which bounced off his puffed-out chest . 
 he reached ruben berenguer , who stood and placed a hand upon his breast in salute . 
 ` general mauldeth , ' he said . 
 ` berenguer , ' mauldeth replied , not reciprocating the courtesy of his counterpart 's gesture . 
 he lowered himself into the empty seat beside , virtually disregarding his very presence . 
 he took a deep intake of the cigarillo he held between his thumb and forefingers , before putting it out on the table and blowing the smoke in ruben 's direction . 
 her uncle did not respond and faced mauldeth , composed . 
 there followed an uncomfortable silence before pinzón turned to mauldeth and said , ` has the chatter died down , general ? ' 
 he held her gaze . 
 ` if you 're referring to the events in our docking city , rumours have taken much longer to die down than expected , though the upmost has been done to distinguish any talk of the appalling incident altogether . ' 
 as he spoke he glanced at her uncle , raising his eyebrows as though expecting some sort of apology for bringing the weapon into the twelve cities . 
 anna wanted to jump out and defend him , but her uncle simply sat there , silent . 
 ` and what of repairs to the city ? ' 
 ` just about completed , my lady . 
 the auxiliary tunnels have seen fit to allow small crafts and crews through , in part , but large military vehicles and equipment may soon be deployed . 
 interstellar crafts should be able to lift-off by morning . 
 though i must say , and i think many here will agree it needs to be said , that i hope this event will open your eyes to the real reason we have age limits on active soldiers , no matter how decorated they are . ' 
 only one spoke back . 
 captain diego ferranti jumped to his feet , his blond curls floating in front of his face . 
 ` if you are insinuating that the attack on the dock was somehow general berenguer 's fault , i would tread carefully , mauldeth ! ' 
 ` hear , hear ! ' 
 cried anthea godíno as though she had been waiting for a chance to get back at mauldeth for his entering comment . 
 ` and i would hold my tongue when speaking to a senior officer , boy ! ' 
 mauldeth snapped . 
 ferranti went to retort , but anna watched her uncle shake his head faintly . 
 still glaring at mauldeth , ferranti sat . 
 ` that is quite enough , ' pinzón said , rising from her seat . 
 ` in line with what the general has already said , rumours of this successful attack have spread to many , if not all , alignment worlds . 
 titan 's twelve cities penetrated for the first time in fifty years ! 
 i wo n't have it ! ' 
 she slammed her fist onto the table , before taking three rapid breaths . 
 ` as many of you know or will have guessed , intelligence points to crilshan agents , who , in an attempt to assassinate general berenguer , planted the device inside the quasar 's shuttlecraft . 
 though how or when we have yet to discover . 
 ` i also have much graver news . 
 the time was arriving when you would have been informed of our plan to counter the dishan alliance 's renewed offensive ... but it now no longer matters . 
 the summons to the baren igoth were being called clandestinely for over a month before the attack . 
 berenguer , mauldeth , and i saw to it ourselves . ' 
 murmuring broke out among the tables . 
 the baren igoth ; anna remembered being told of it in contemporary history classes . 
 the secret meeting had only ever been called twice , the last during the titan-crilshan war of fifty years ago . 
 were things that serious ? 
 ` silence ! ' 
 mauldeth bellowed and the clamour died down . 
 pinzón continued with a sigh . 
 ` however , it appears that with news of our recent attack , coupled with the vicious invasion of rotavar , such fear has travelled far and wide , and so no world will now present itself at the baren igoth for fear of such an attack on its own people . ' 
 shocked faces lined the tables . 
 ` that 's madness ! ' 
 said diego ferranti . 
 ` surely they must realise that we stand more chance of taking on the dishan if we do so together ! ' 
 ` every man for himself , ' mendoza said , patting him on the shoulder . 
 ` that 's human nature . ' 
 anna stared at her uncle ruben . 
 she could see it in his eyes : he had already known . 
 that would explain his behaviour of late ; the task appointed to him of summoning the baren igoth had failed . 
 she looked beside him at mauldeth , whose lip she was sure curled slightly as he too glanced at her uncle 's sullen face . 
 but then , as though waking from a long sleep , ruben blinked deeply , before sitting up and pointing to anna . 
 ` admiral estegran . 
 do any of you know how he died ? ' 
 nobody replied . 
 anna breathed deeply , realising he was directing their attention to the statue of the man above her . 
 ` admiral pavolo estegran died , ' ruben said , ` in service to the people of titan . 
 eight-hundred years ago the then-tyrannical empires of the fourth system attacked the third system . 
 accentauria was overwhelmed . 
 titan responded . 
 yes , to help our allies , but also to show the enemy that they could not get away with acts of such cold-blood . 
 he died proving that we were stronger together . ' 
 pinzón nodded as she returned to her seat . 
 ` what i mean to say , my lady , is that the systemal alignment was once a united body . 
 all worlds shared mutual respect and understanding . 
 we fought together , celebrated with one another , and we lived and died in common purpose . 
 as the leaders of titan we must uphold this honour and reunite the alignment , with or without the baren igoth . ' 
 ` and how , ' said mauldeth , ` do we do that , when no damn world will dare unite with us ? ' 
 ruben smiled . 
 ` there is one that will . ' 
 ` do you think so ? ' 
 pinzón asked . 
 he nodded . 
 ` i implore you now , council members , to agree to aid the colony rotavar against the invaders who now hold it to ransom . 
 if we were to defeat the dark presence there we would not only gain a most loyal ally , but strengthen the belief among the alignment that together it is possible to overcome the dishan alliance . ' 
 anna gazed around the room at the silence that came over them . 
 her uncle 's captains were nodding firmly , as were many across both tables . 
 captain ferranti 's curls hung across his face and anna could have sworn there was a tear in his eye . 
 there were a number of faces , however , which did not look convinced by ruben 's line of reasoning , and mauldeth himself , now red in the face , stood pompously from his seat and positioned himself behind anna 's uncle . 
 ` it is hard , ' he said , ` with such grand oration arguing the cause , to see past the proposal the general here is suggesting . 
 of course we could send a vessel or two to aid the arguably insignificant colony that is rotavar . 
 we could send a whole fleet and wipe out the entire crilshan invasion force from the area ! 
 but consider this , council members : from a military perspective , which is why i am here and what i do best , liberating rotavar is strategically futile . 
 their numbers come nowhere near the dishan alliance 's strength . 
 neither do ours for that matter . 
 but wasting resources on -- ' ` if we succeeded it would not be a waste , ' ruben said . 
 ` oh , stop fooling yourself ! 
 rotavar is a feeble world , nowhere near our might . ' 
 ` that sounds awfully like something a crilshan would say if you asked me ! ' 
 ferranti responded , rising . 
 ` yes , well no one is asking you ! ' 
 anna found herself edging forward and had to pull herself back . 
 she so desperately wanted to fight her uncle 's corner . 
 she watched her uncle put a hand to his temple as ferranti and mauldeth squared off . 
 both stood facing each other , faces fuming so intensely anna thought smoke would pour from their ears . 
 pinzón rose and slammed her fist down on the table between them . 
 ` that is enough ! 
 compare egos all you wish , but a decision has been made . 
 i admire the sincerity in all of your beliefs , but it is titan i am trusted to protect . 
 titan alone . ' 
 ferranti and mauldeth sat and listened to lady pinzón speak . 
 ` despite our best efforts , ' she said gravely , ` the dishan alliance has grown again to great power . 
 the entire second system is at their mercy . 
 proximan armadas already present difficulties for any unarmed vessel travelling close by . 
 we can not fight them alone , so we will begin by securing our own world as no doubt all others are doing . 
 idealism is exactly that , and we can not afford to be unrealistic in these ever dangerous times . 
 ` the worlds of the four informed us of their allegiances when they refused their summons . 
 and so i regret to inform you all that no aid will be sent to rotavar -- ' murmuring at once broke out ` -- as general mauldeth is correct : it would be a waste of resources . ' 
 ` the day slimar mauldeth is correct , i 'll drop dead of amusement ! ' 
 a voice cried from the chamber door , which once again found itself groaning wide open . 
 chapter eighteen callista berenguer watched dozens of shocked faces eye her from their seated positions . 
 she took one step forward and at once the two guards stood inside took hold of her arms . 
 ` get off me ! ' 
 she said . 
 ` get off ! ' 
 after a minor scuffle -- the two men coming out of it worse than the old woman -- maxim pinzón waved the guards back outside and they hesitantly allowed the old iástron to enter . 
 ` i have something that i would like to say , ' callista said , hobbling into the room clutching her staff and dragging her oversized cloak along the marble floor . 
 ` oh , do put your yellow teeth away , slimar ! ' 
 she said to mauldeth , who had clenched his jaw as she entered . 
 ` seldom do we allow into our chamber any person not a member of the council or guard , callista , ' pinzón said . 
 ` especially when such a crucial meeting is taking place . 
 normally this conduct would result in a heavy punishment . ' 
 ` i 'm sure you 'll grant me the honour , maxim . ' 
 ` we shall see . 
 so ... speak . ' 
 it would have taken a fool not to notice the tension that filled the room , or the rigidity with which many of the council members now sat . 
 callista knew that not all were familiar or indeed comfortable with the old woman , who had admittedly taken it upon herself to interfere with council meetings and policies , knowing things about each of them that she really should not have known . 
 shuffling down the middle of the tables she smiled widely and greeted those captains and council members who supported ruben . 
 diego ferranti took her hand and kissed it courteously . 
 she acted to the contrary but callista was n't opposed to the attention . 
 the old woman reached the end of the tables and stood directly before lady pinzón . 
 ` you do not trust me , maxim , and i do n't trust you , ' she said , frankly . 
 ` but you are our lady and in command . 
 i know deep down you want what it best for titan and its people , but the dark power ascending from crilshar and the system of proxima will engulf each and every world , one by one , until none is left . 
 and if we are strong enough to last until the end , the end it will still be . ' 
 it seemed to callista as though pinzón was really considering her words ; she continued to sit back in silence . 
 but the quiet did not last long . 
 ` are we actually entertaining this crack-pot ? ' 
 said mauldeth . 
 ` if you do n't like what i have to say , you could always drag me out the room yourself , ' she retorted , coolly . 
 ` oh i do n't have to . ' 
 mauldeth stood and raised his arm . 
 the guards nearby moved forwards , ready to take hold of the old woman . 
 ` very funny , ' she chuckled . 
 ` then again , slimar , you always were quite amusing . ' 
 ` guard , escort her out ! ' 
 ruben stood . 
 ` that is n't necessary . ' 
 mauldeth 's supporters rose from their seats at that moment , hands on their holstered weapons , as did captains ferranti and mendoza , knocking back the chairs behind them . 
 anthea godíno clambered out of her chair too , though she found herself surrounded by opposition . 
 callista walked slowly towards mauldeth , aware that anna edged more and more from behind her statue . 
 stay where you are , child . 
 ` you strut in here , ' mauldeth spat , ` acting like our lady , when all agree you are past any and all use . 
 crawl back to your bedsit , crow . ' 
 ` and if i do n't ? ' 
 ` oh , you will . ' 
 he glanced to the additional men now entering the chamber . 
 ` call them all , general . 
 you 've demonstrated your prowess , wooden as it is . ' 
 he smiled toothily and gestured to the armed men . 
 ` stay where you are ! ' 
 she uttered to them deeply , and everyone 's eyes widened in shock as the titanese guard stopped advancing and stood as still as the stone statues set around the room . 
 ` drag her out ! ' 
 mauldeth said . 
 ` do it ! ' 
 again the iástron spoke . 
 ` stay where you are ! ' 
 and no one moved . 
 ` very well , ' he said , removing the coil from his belt . 
 ` no ! ' 
 ruben said , moving to stop the man from stunning her . 
 mauldeth pushed ruben aside and ferranti lunged forward . 
 callista raised her staff as the dark general ignited his weapon . 
 ` stop ! ' 
 every last body turned in silent shock to see anna berenguer , who had leapt from her hiding place , now stood petrified before them . 
 maxim pinzón fell back into her chair , quite obviously exhausted . 
 ` is nobody guarding this meeting anymore ? ' 
 chapter nineteen antal justus stumbled through nothingness , at the edge of oblivion . 
 surrounded by darkness , and unable to hear a thing , it was as though he had been deafened by a clamour-wave or some nearby explosion . 
 he stretched out his hands to feel around and slowly came into contact with a rough , jagged surface . 
 it felt cold to touch , like rock hidden deep beneath the ground . 
 taking one uncertain step forward he focused his eyes ahead , blinking continually just to ensure his eyes were n't closed as , faced by a black void , it appeared they still were . 
 he continued onward for mere minutes before he saw it : a light , straight ahead , dim and flickering as though it was moving . 
 justus dashed after it . 
 he moved as fast as he could while drowning in the crushing darkness . 
 he ran and ran ... the light became closer ... his heart beat faster and faster , drumming out the rhythm in his racing strides . 
 then he heard the word he always heard when he dreamt . 
 ` gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! ' 
 it was a woman 's voice , which itself became louder and stronger . 
 he did n't recognise it . 
 he never did . 
 he came to the end of the tunnel and stopped dead in his tracks . 
 ahead glowed the dark , perpetual , all-consuming orb he 'd seen in his nightmares for as far back as he could remember . 
 but something was different . 
 there was somebody there with him . 
 it was a girl . 
 she turned -- ` no ! ' 
 justus shot up from his bed , covered in sweat , his breathing faster than he could cope with . 
 a figure stood in the open doorway at the end of his bed , its silhouette blocking most of the light from the corridor outside . 
 ` sir , ' spoke the figure . 
 ` we 're here . ' 
 the sliding door shut and justus swung his legs out over the edge of the half-sized bed . 
 ` bastard nightmare , ' he said , clutching his head as though it would remove the aching pain within . 
 struggling to disregard the dream and the girl he 'd seen , whilst at the same time debating with himself her strange presence , he attached a leather belt to his red tunic over which he wore his deep black coat . 
 putting on heavy boots he strode out of his room , down a corridor , and into the cramped cockpit of the nyx . 
 there stood the man that had woken him , joined by two soldiers clad in dark armour , and finally constantine lesper , who leaned over in conversation with the two pilots now steering the ship into -- justus gasped . 
 ` astonishing , is n't it ? ' 
 lesper said , grinning . 
 he did n't reply , but stepped forwards in awe . 
 before them soared the most beautiful , stunning , and somehow terrifying sight he had witnessed in his twenty-six years : reflected in his now-dilated pupils there glowed a striking storm of inexorable bursts . 
 words and colours could not describe the sight . 
 the wrathful sea which conquered the entire world glowed in flashes of sapphire and amethyst , the lightning spreading across an alien globe of unspeakable beauty . 
 ` welcome , ' lesper said triumphantly , ` to tempest-beta . ' 
 however , the place they were headed was not the planet . 
 the nyx navigated around the world for some twenty minutes , in the direction of a small moon which clung in pronounced orbit . 
 justus turned to lesper , who had been watching his reaction with keen intent . 
 ` we 're not going down there ? ' 
 ` i hope not . 
 no . 
 we 're headed for that . ' 
 the commander 's heavy finger aimed awareness to the dark moon in the distance . 
 ` what 's special about the moon ? ' 
 lesper approached the captain until they were close enough for him to whisper . 
 ` it 's not a moon , captain . ' 
 ` not a moon ? 
 then ... then what is it ? ' 
 ` that 's why we 're here : to find out . ' 
 he turned sternly to the pilots . 
 ` do n't take us too close to the wrong side now . 
 last thing we want is to get pulled down . 
 chances are we wo n't get back up . ' 
 justus recalled the departure from rotavar . 
 when they had left on an obviously non-crilshan vessel through the impassable blockade without hindrance he had questioned lesper as to what kind of project he was being taken to . 
 his reply had been silence . 
 when he 'd brought it up a couple of days after leaving he 'd been told not to ask anything more of it . 
 ` what is it if not a moon ? ' 
 ` not a moon in the traditional sense . 
 technically speaking it is now , but there was a time when it was n't . ' 
 ` but -- ' ` captain , please . 
 i 'll tell you all you need to know later . 
 for now , trust me . ' 
 they continued to approach the body of pure-black rock when justus saw to his amazement a large triangular structure obtruding from the surface . 
 it was as dark as the rock itself but reflected metallically the dazzling tempest below . 
 the ship 's engines were cut once over the massive metal base and slowly they descended through its dark crown . 
 justus ' heart hammered his chest at what he was about to witness as he was led to the back of the ship . 
 ` wait here , ' lesper told him . 
 ` you 'll be taken to your quarters right away . 
 i will call you to see me later . ' 
 and he left antal justus stood in the cold cargo hold as the nyx made its final , rickety descent into the weapon to destroy worlds . 
 * * * ` the weapon to destroy worlds ! ' 
 justus said as he stepped foot off the nyx and descended the cargo ramp . 
 ` like hell it is ! ' 
 he moved cautiously down the ramp to be met with the sound of diligent men and women circling the nyx , manually strapping in clamps and braces , and taking a moment to look upon the visitor . 
 furthermore , what he found at the bottom was the last thing he 'd expected . 
 a dark-haired , attractive woman , with arms crossed and lips pursed , stood awaiting his arrival . 
 normally he 'd keep his face stern so as to keep up his credibility as an officer for as long as he could , but her general manner -- which yelled , `` i absolutely do n't want to be here '' -- caused him to grin widely . 
 it appeared she appreciated this even less than his presence . 
 ` antal justus , ' he said , holding out his hand . 
 lips still pursed , she regarded him for a second , before taking his hand firmly . 
 ` you 're the captain ? ' 
 she replied , her accent familiar , her tone somewhat dissatisfied . 
 ` i am , ' he said . 
 ` you 're from earth . ' 
 ` spot-on . 
 you can tell ? ' 
 ` i 'd pick the accent out of a thousand . ' 
 ` well done . ' 
 she tilted her head ever so slightly , as though taking him in . 
 while not going so far as to call her a goddess , he would n't have been far wrong . 
 she offered a mature charm , very much like adra dimal had . 
 that 's what had always attracted him to his old co-pilot . 
 after a moment she said , ` i 'm avéne ketrass . 
 follow me . ' 
 and she turned to lead him through the dock . 
 ` the weapon to destroy worlds ? ' 
 he said a second time . 
 ` how on planet earth could this place be considered a weapon ? ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ketrass said . 
 ` oh -- nothing . ' 
 ` good . 
 come . ' 
 the dock itself was relatively small compared to most he 'd seen ; it was deeper than it was wide . 
 the ship had descended through the centre of the great structure and moved down to emerge at an undersized opening . 
 there were two vessels docked at present , including the nyx , and it appeared there was n't space for even one more . 
 nevertheless , some two dozen overall-clad men and women went about their business , working and conversing in hushed mutterings . 
 justus was n't sure what he had expected , but this certainly was n't it . 
 ketrass led him down the orderly corridors leading off from the dock , which he found sorely reminiscent of the large battle cruisers used by the forces on earth . 
 the layout certainly seemed similar , but he could n't be sure , having only been aboard said ships the once . 
 he hurried to keep up with her vigorous pace , but was n't complaining with the view she provided from behind . 
 beneath her long , white lab coat he could make out ketrass ' slender , toned form . 
 she obviously took care of herself , but he guessed it was nothing less than a prerequisite of living under the demands of artificial gravity . 
 no doubt he 'd have to take up a daily exercise regime of his own now too . 
 ` so , ' he said , hoping to break the silence , ` who built this place ? ' 
 ` shhh , ' ketrass hissed . 
 ` no talking . 
 just keep up ! ' 
 he continued , ` i mean this really is some feat . 
 you 're out here , days away from civilization , above a dangerous planet in a foreign system . 
 i hope they 're paying well ! ' 
 he was forced to stop all of a sudden as ketrass halted and twisted toward him . 
 ` look , ' she said , ` you may be here for the money or the thrills or whatever your kind seem to look for in life , but i 'm here for the knowledge . 
 i 'm here because no such discovery has ever been made in two-thousand years of space exploration ! 
 and to be honest i do n't have the faintest idea why lesper recruited you in the first place ! ' 
 she turned her nose up proudly and carried on fuming down the hallway . 
 justus loved it when they were feisty . 
 he smirked and followed . 
 ` i 'll take it that 's a no to the good-pay-thing then . ' 
 they continued marching through until they reached a straight corridor filled with a dozen doors , spread out on each side ; the low ceiling above , justus noticed , was packed with pipes and unkempt looking cords and cables . 
 ketrass opened the door to his immediate right and showed him in . 
 dirt and grime greeted them ; strange stains covered the walls and bed , which was decorated a revolting grey . 
 ` you 're here , ' she said , smirking . 
 to anybody else it might have been hell , but justus had spent years living in much worse . 
 ` love it , ' he said . 
 ` what time 's breakfast ? ' 
 she frowned . 
 ` five , accentaurib time . 
 you can tell the time ca n't you ? ' 
 ` i get by . ' 
 ` make yourself comfortable . 
 you 'll be here for the foreseeable future . ' 
 he opened several cupboards and a large rat scampered out and through the open door . 
 ` not coming in ? ' 
 he grinned . 
 she let out a huff of air . 
 ` as much as i 'd love to join a greasy stranger i 've just met in a room i would n't step foot in if you paid me , i actually have a job to do . ' 
 ` what is it you do ? ' 
 she winced , but not at his question . 
 ` feel free to wash . 
 shower 's just down the hall . 
 the sooner the better ! ' 
 justus raised his eyebrows . 
 ` charming . ' 
 ` i hope not . 
 and get your hair cut -- it 's a mess . ' 
 she disappeared before pulling herself back . 
 ` oh , and welcome to erebus , ' she said as she vanished , sliding the door closed with a puff . 
 ` erebus , ' he repeated to himself as he listened to the shrill peep of another rodent somewhere within his mattress , before collapsing back on the new bed , hands behind his head . 
 ` she likes me . ' 
 * * * justus did as ketrass so stoutly insisted the next day and showered properly for the first time in a long while , recruiting a reluctant neighbour to remove his long , grimy hair . 
 it turned out shorter and smarter than he 'd ever worn it . 
 he felt like a new man . 
 then again , he was : the old antal had been left behind in the scorching desert of rotavar . 
 true to his word , it was n't long before commander lesper called him to a meeting on the other side of the station . 
 after changing into his new military uniform of pure black , justus was once again escorted by a testy avéne ketrass . 
 ` captain ! ' 
 boomed lesper as he entered the office , standing from behind an ornate-looking counter . 
 ` good to see you . 
 how did you find your quarters ? ' 
 ` they 're ... well they 're -- ' ` good ! 
 good ! ' 
 he ordered ketrass to leave them and physically placed justus into a chair , sitting himself on the other side of the table where he continued to tidy away hurriedly any exposed papers lying out in view . 
 justus caught sight of the silver diary he 'd risked life and limb to deliver as lesper swiped it into a drawer . 
 ignoring his instinct to ask about it , he bit his tongue and looked around . 
 mounted on shelves , just above the commander 's polished forehead , balanced strange drawings , a stuffed aegean cat , and a vomit-inducing pickled bird . 
 among the homes of many in the outer systems , there hung the golden plate -- a map of the four systems -- as well as the old dictum , which justus was unable to recall . 
 upon the commander 's wall , however , was mounted a strange image he 'd seen walking through the halls of erebus station : a dark circle within a perfect triangle . 
 lesper eventually turned and activated something within his still-cluttered desk . 
 a familiar melody began to play : drums and strings and brass combined . 
 ` so , ' he said , placing his large hands together , ` it appears you and i share much in common , captain . ' 
 justus frowned . 
 ` do we ? ' 
 ` yes , we do . 
 identify this music ? ' 
 the drums rose louder . 
 cymbals crashed . 
 ` earth march , ' justus said . 
 ` it was one of my favourites growing up . ' 
 ` you and me both , ' lesper replied . 
 ` good childhood ? ' 
 strange question to ask . 
 ` oh , you know , this way and that -- busy life -- always moving . ' 
 ` quite right . ' 
 lesper sat back . 
 ` now i 'm sure you 're dying to hear what 's actually going on in this ... remarkable place . ' 
 ` naturally . ' 
 lesper lowered the volume of the earth march and said , ` how 's your contemporary astronomy ? ' 
 ` it 's been better . ' 
 ` you 'll have to improve out here . ' 
 ` i 've managed so far . ' 
 ` quite . 
 well , a quick lesson for you here then . 
 you already know the second system , proxima , is the closest star to humanity 's home planet . 
 after that come the alpha centauri stars , now accentauria and accentaurib . 
 voyagers have mapped out and visited many more , primarily crulux and fugio-one , among others . 
 we sit now , above tempest-beta , a planet in outer orbit around the star sirius . 
 we are on our own out here . 
 get yourself into trouble , do n't expect any help . 
 ` now , i 'll start at the beginning . 
 we found this place over a decade ago . 
 within a year we had built this station on top of , and within , the black-rock moon . ' 
 ` the weapon to destroy worlds ? ' 
 ` indeed . ' 
 ` erebus ? ' 
 ` ah yes , guessed my little riddle , did you ? ' 
 ` actually i 've never heard of erebus before . 
 ketrass mentioned it . ' 
 ` of course she did . 
 well you 'll be pleased to know this place is n't actually a weapon , little less a device to annihilate planets . 
 once our ship discovered the asteroid , keeping mum was not everybody 's strong suit . 
 naturally word got out . 
 the `` weapon '' story , simply put , became rumour control . 
 my idea . 
 we set about spreading all sorts of notions and theories , poles apart , about places such a contrivance could be kept . 
 and we remain hidden a decade later because of it . ' 
 ` so what actually is this place ? ' 
 lesper leaned back in his chair and looked up at the mould-invaded ceiling . 
 ` we believe it is an asteroid from a far-distant system which , some thousands of years ago now , became caught in tempest-beta 's colossal gravitational field . 
 this station was built so we could investigate the series of caverns leading into the asteroid . 
 the rock here is like nothing we have ever seen . 
 the minerals and deposits we 've found give us hope that there may in fact be life here . ' 
 ` alien life ? ' 
 justus leaned forward . 
 ` alien life . ' 
 ` i thought such possibilities were just stories , false hopes from our past which those with any sense dismissed at childhood . ' 
 ` we all heard the stories as children , ' lesper said . 
 ` most of us shelved them in time . 
 but i 'm sure there 're plenty among us , myself for one , who still hope we 're not alone in the cosmos . ' 
 justus smiled weakly . 
 the reality , long accepted by scientists the systems over , was that , though man had journeyed beyond his home world for over two-thousand years , never stopping exploring and learning all that he could , intelligent life was nowhere to be found . 
 ` i think you 're right , ' he said . 
 ` so why am i here ? ' 
 ` well that 's simple , captain . ' 
 he pulled from beneath the table an expensive-looking bottle of liquor . 
 ` security . 
 when we got wind of your exceptional rescues and volunteer operations , especially the one on enustine , we decided you were the man for the job . 
 if you 're happy to take over , you 're the station 's new military head . ' 
 ` what happened to the last one ? ' 
 ` retirement , i 'm afraid . 
 ill health . 
 sounds like a poor excuse , but you should have seen him . ' 
 ` and who 's financing this thing ? ' 
 ` you let us worry about that , captain . ' 
 he opened the bottle and filled two glasses to the brim . 
 you have other duties . 
 and there 's plenty for you to see . 
 ketrass will take you on a tour and act as your guide while you settle in . ' 
 justus laughed , reached for a glass . 
 ` i get the feeling she 'll like that ! ' 
 they sat for some time longer , drinking and chatting about justus ' various exploits . 
 the captain could n't wipe the smirk off his face . 
 he 'd always been worried that he would never leave anything behind , never do anything that mattered . 
 that had always been his fear . 
 but they had wanted him . 
 this far-out expedition had chosen him from one-hundred-billion people . 
 and that made a galaxy of difference . 
 chapter twenty ` let 's get this straight , ' avéne ketrass stated bluntly as justus sat on the black leather medical table . 
 ` i 'm not interested in anything you 've got to say . 
 i really do n't care what you think of me . 
 and i 'm only doing this because lesper asked me to . ' 
 ` i hear ` ya , ' the new captain answered with a smirk . 
 he unbuttoned his black shirt and slipped it off . 
 ketrass ' eyes descended to the long , thick scar across justus ' chest . 
 he was n't the most attractive man she 'd met , but he was certainly the first reasonably appealing male she had seen in all her time there . 
 at thirty-three , avéne had experienced her fair share of bastards , or ` men ' as they preferred to be called . 
 she had been part of the erebus project for the past five years , and not a single second had been spent focused on anything other than her work . 
 that was n't about to change because some cocky ass had arrived . 
 even if he did look good with a haircut and new uniform . 
 she swallowed slowly , averting her gaze to the metal tray behind her upon which lay various surgical blades and apparatus . 
 ketrass turned and noticed him grinning . 
 she smirked back , revealing a large and lethal-looking needle gun . 
 justus winced , tripping over his tongue in sudden surprise . 
 ` hell -- ho -- ha ! 
 where in hell 's that going ? ' 
 ` nowhere too important , ' she said . 
 ` drop your pants . ' 
 ` my pants ?! ' 
 he cried , backing up on top of the table . 
 ketrass burst out laughing , and justus ' shoulders dropped upon realising she was teasing . 
 he dropped his legs back over the edge of the table , this time grinning nervously , and ketrass brought the gun forwards , forcing it into his right neckline , just above the collarbone . 
 ` bleedin ' hellfire ! ' 
 he hollered , gritting his teeth in shock . 
 ` and what 's this for ? ' 
 she waited for the clack and pulled it out . 
 ` every member of the station is implanted on arrival with a station beacon chip . 
 in case of emergency . 
 that way everyone 's position can be identified in a single click . ' 
 ` ever needed them ? ' 
 ` nope , ' she said smugly , taking a small contraption from her coat . 
 ` and this is your pcd . ' 
 ` my what ? ' 
 ` your comm device . 
 it 'll keep you updated on the day-to-day running of the station . 
 keep it with you at all times . ' 
 she handed him the small-screened data-comm device , about the size of her hand . 
 he took it and switched the pcd on . 
 ` what 's this ? ' 
 he asked , referring to the image of a circle and triangle . 
 ` oh that , ' she said . 
 ` that 's our image , i think . ' 
 ` you think ? ' 
 ` well , it 's all around the station . 
 i imagine it has something to do with our sponsors . ' 
 ` all this time and you 've never asked ? ' 
 she lifted her arms up and gestured out of the clear window . 
 ` look around you , ' she said . 
 ` i 'm a little preoccupied with the discovery of the century . ' 
 ` it 'd bother me , but sure , whatever . ' 
 ` look , i do n't care . 
 they do n't tell me . 
 i do n't ask . ' 
 justus , having already averted his attention back to the device , asked , ` where do those passages lead to ? ' 
 he pointed to a map of the station which had appeared on the pcd-comm . 
 two tunnels descended into the asteroid , one on either end of erebus station . 
 the structure seen on top of the orbiting asteroid descended below the surface , much deeper than one would imagine upon first glance . 
 the captain read the text out loud , explaining each area : sections one through six . 
 there was n't anything of interest in any of the first five sections , ketrass knew . 
 but section six was different . 
 nobody was allowed down there except lesper and professor kramer -- and anyone else they decided was deserving of the privilege . 
 ketrass had almost been down there , just once , but at the last moment been shunned . 
 he looked up at her keenly . 
 ` honestly , ' she said , ` i ca n't tell you . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 she strode to the other end of the room . 
 ` because i do n't know . 
 if there 's anyone that does , it 's commander lesper and professor kramer . ' 
 ` kramer ? ' 
 ` he 's our head scientist here . ' 
 ` does n't anyone have an idea ? ' 
 he asked , following her across to a large machine and placing his shirt back on . 
 ketrass initiated the contraption and it pulsated and shook into power . 
 ` well there 's plenty of conjecture , ' she said . 
 ` there must be something down there , or else they would n't have kept us out here so long . ' 
 justus frowned . 
 she wished she had n't used the word kept . 
 he 'd find that out for himself soon enough . 
 ` what 's stopping you finding out what 's down there ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ketrass heaved a long sigh and a smirk spread slowly across her austere features . 
 could it be there was actually more to him than thrill seeking and money grabbing ? 
 she doubted it . 
 ` what 's stopping us ? ' 
 she repeated , pouting thoughtfully . 
 ` i 'll show you . 
 but first , stick your hand in there . ' 
 she motioned to the machine humming hungrily before them . 
 a small hole , large enough for him to put a hand through , invited those curious , or perhaps foolish enough to lean a limb inside . 
 he seemed to consider it carefully , for all of seven seconds . 
 ` left arm , wrist upright , ' she said as he leaned in . 
 a moment later he was staring at her in utter horror . 
 ` oh , i should have mentioned . 
 it might hurt a little . ' 
 ` better late than never , ' he said , once again through gritted teeth . 
 as soon as the two clamps were released justus yanked his arm from the device and surveyed the damage . 
 ` a tattoo ? ' 
 he asked her . 
 ` and there was me thinking you were slowly slicing off my hand -- my favourite hand , may i add ?! ' 
 ` of course it is , ' she said . 
 ` poor baby . ' 
 ` was n't there something you were going to show me ? ' 
 ` if you 're not in too much pain . ' 
 the captain gestured with his tattooed wrist , upon which was now emblazoned the dark circle within a triangle . 
 ` lead on . ' 
 chapter twenty-one justus breathed out . 
 his lungful of air floating in the space before him . 
 it was mighty cold , and his uniform offered much less warmth than he would have liked . 
 once again he followed ketrass down long , dark corridors . 
 she strode ahead quickly while he occupied himself with his pcd-comm as they descended various sets of ladders . 
 lower and lower . 
 and then ketrass simply stopped . 
 another elevator opened up before them , and again they descended into the dark depths of the asteroid . 
 moments later they were at the bottom , and ahead , along a dark corridor , stood a heavy metal hatch with a hard iron frame . 
 ` this is the entrance , ' she told him . 
 ` the entrance to what ? ' 
 she opened a long cupboard to their left and picked out a dark yellow bodysuit . 
 handing him one , she took her own from a row of ten and climbed quickly inside . 
 justus stepped into his and placed one of the nearby helmets over his head . 
 top-heavy and incredibly uncomfortable , it immediately sent his balance into turmoil . 
 ` top of the range , ` ey ? ' 
 he said . 
 ketrass looked at him -- or at least he thought she did . 
 he could just about see out of his helmet 's screen , and the inside was n't lit , so he definitely could n't see into hers . 
 a piercing whine entered his helmet , followed by his guide 's calming voice . 
 ` you hear me ? ' 
 ` ouch , yeah , ' he said . 
 ` not so loud , gobby ! ' 
 a jarring thud connected with his helmet as ketrass ' fist cracked the side . 
 he smiled , then proceeded to follow her through the large hatch and into a small room ; from there the hatch behind them closed and she opened the second hatch on the other side . 
 as she did , she paused without turning , and said , ` i hate this bit . ' 
 justus would have asked why , but when she opened the last hatch and they stepped through the doorway it became well and truly clear . 
 as though the temperature inside his suit had just plummeted , he suddenly felt terrible . 
 sick to his stomach , he underwent a flashing recollection of how he had felt that day on rotavar ... the day of the invasion ... the day he 'd lost kaara . 
 he felt dizzy , sad , angry , and numb , as though he could concentrate on nothing else . 
 ` get out your torch , ' she said , reaching for hers . 
 ` the one in your side pouch . ' 
 if ketrass had felt the same , she certainly did n't show it . 
 they stumbled down a black-rock cave , torches in hand , until they reached a ladder . 
 they descended , emerging through a larger section of the cave . 
 there she stopped , breathed in , and patted the black-rock wall . 
 ` touch it , ' she said . 
 ` err , i 'll pass . ' 
 ` no , really . ' 
 ` i get that . ' 
 ` come on . ' 
 ` i 'm good ! ' 
 ` fine , ' she mumbled . 
 ` these tunnels are almost palaeolithic in purport . 
 i 've been down here many times , and on each visit part of me half expects to stumble upon cave drawings of some sort . ' 
 ` cave drawings ? 
 as in ... cavemen ? ' 
 ` oh , look at me , ' she said with a titter . 
 ` i 'm being silly now . ' 
 justus snorted . 
 had she just giggled ... like a girl ? 
 they continued on and ketrass explained her fascination with the tunnels . 
 as a xenopetrologist it was her job to investigate the alien rock and materials down there . 
 her mother had done the same before her death . 
 they 'd travelled to numerous new worlds together , and her mother had taught her the trade . 
 she never mentioned her father . 
 explains a few things , justus thought . 
 all in all , her career sounded fascinating . 
 ` touch the rock , ' she said . 
 ` i do n't want to . ' 
 ` scared ? ' 
 ` yes , ' he said . 
 she led them on . 
 they had only been moving for a minute or so when -- ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 justus stepped forwards and took ketrass ' arm , spinning her round . 
 ` what did you just say ? ' 
 she shrugged him off . 
 ` i did n't say anything ! ' 
 ` yeah , you did . 
 you said -- ' ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 he spun , shining the torch down the way they 'd come . 
 nobody was there . 
 ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 he twisted the other way . 
 that portion of the cave was empty too , so far as he could see . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 ` you ca n't hear that ? ' 
 ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 ` hear what ? ' 
 ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 it echoed like a banshee , bawling along the passage . 
 justus recognised the voice ; it was the same voice from his nightmare . 
 but how ? 
 he walked down the cave tunnel . 
 ` wait ! ' 
 ketrass said . 
 ` i ca n't -- there 's someone down there ! ' 
 ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 he took a few steps , and then without warning the light went out . 
 ketrass ' torch still worked , and she pointed the beam in his direction . 
 justus drummed his torch on the palm of his hand . 
 nothing . 
 ` it 's dead , ' he told her . 
 ` no , it 's not . 
 come back this way . ' 
 ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 the voice called , faint yet chilling . 
 he walked towards ketrass . 
 he still felt sad , scared , angry -- unnaturally so . 
 after a few steps the torch flickered and then came back on of its own accord . 
 ` how ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` nobody knows , ' she said . 
 ` some kind of interference . ' 
 justus stepped back . 
 the light went out . 
 forwards again . 
 it came back on . 
 ` gilaxiad ... ' to his surprise , ketrass took his hand . 
 ` do n't worry . 
 it happens with all our equipment . 
 navigation kit just seizes up . 
 life-suits and breathing tanks work , but all other life down here is sapped so quickly they do n't last very long . ' 
 he twisted back to look down the tunnel . 
 ` captain ? ' 
 his heart thudded . 
 ` captain ? 
 justus ? ' 
 justus turned back . 
 he wished he could see her face . 
 he felt so exposed , unable to hear anything but ketrass ' voice , incapable of seeing much else . 
 ` you do n't have a clue what 's down here ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` there have been numerous expeditions , ' she explained . 
 ` do you feel odd right now ? ' 
 ` odd 's not the word . ' 
 ` you feel angry ... sad ? ' 
 ` yeah . ' 
 ` numb ? ' 
 ` yeah . ' 
 ` it gets worse the further down you go . 
 it 's nothing more than an endless maze of rock-strewn tunnels . 
 the people here have a name for it . 
 lesper 's idea of a joke . 
 they call it the black labyrinth . ' 
 ` the black ... labyrinth ? ' 
 he shivered . 
 ` very ... funny . ' 
 she gestured into the darkness . 
 ` imagine going down there . 
 no light . 
 no way of knowing where you 're going , which way to get back , or what 's down there . ' 
 ` i do n't think i want to , ' he said , looking around , grateful that the echoing voice had stopped . 
 ketrass ' deep breaths filled his helmet . 
 ` so you 'll understand why we 're short of volunteers ? ' 
 justus snatched a few deep breaths himself . 
 he hoped that was n't the reason they 'd brought him to the station . 
 ` this is why everyone 's still here ... why they 're keeping you in this place ? ' 
 ` i think so , ' she said . 
 ` until we know what 's down here no one 's leaving erebus . 
 not even you , captain . ' 
 the heavy feeling of despair clung to justus as they made their way back up to their own quarters . 
 ketrass undoubtedly felt the same . 
 her unnaturally pasty complexion , combined with the fact she appeared to be shivering , made that obvious . 
 he had decided to walk her back to her room , worried that she would n't make it , and so they both stumbled through in a dark silence . 
 passing nobody on the way , justus merely wanted to return to his own room , curl up in bed , and sleep it off . 
 but when they reached ketrass ' room she turned and looked up at him through sensual , sea-green eyes . 
 lonely eyes . 
 yearning eyes . 
 ` why did you agree to come here , captain ? ' 
 ` judging from what i 've just learnt , ' he replied , ` you do n't even know what here is . ' 
 ` here is a hell and a haven , ' she said . 
 ` nobody comes here unless they 're running from something . ' 
 ` and what are you running from ? ' 
 she stroked her hand through his dark , freshly cut hair . 
 ` you talk different , ' she said . 
 ` not like everyone else . ' 
 ` do i ? ' 
 ` there 's something about you , i do n't know what it is . 
 but this much is clear to me : you should n't have come . 
 it was a mistake . ' 
 ` i 'll decide that for myself , ' he said , and he leant forwards , touching his lips to hers . 
 soft but firm ; sensual and altogether lusting . 
 she clutched him by the shirt and pulled him in . 
 he did n't resist , and drew the door closed behind . 
 chapter twenty-two the brash clatter of broken crockery met the blaring profanities launched from ruben berenguer 's mouth . 
 he left the shattered plates on the floor and walked from the kitchen , through his apartment , and collapsed onto the couch . 
 lifting his portable data device he gazed down at the newly-delivered report . 
 it could n't be true , it just could n't . 
 he switched the digi-page and sent a message to one of his captains : my apartment . 
 now . 
 general b. ruben knew what he had to do . 
 but there were other matters just as serious as that he had just received . 
 he switched the page again and opened up another file . 
 ` erebus , erebus , erebus , ' ruben mumbled to himself as he flicked through the old and confidential reports . 
 ` erebus , erebus -- ah , yes ! ' 
 he widened the screen with his thumb and forefinger and whizzed through page after digi-page of detailed reports . 
 most were made several years ago , connected by the subject line designated the ascending rumour of the weapon erebus . 
 instability within the four systems , pirating and bandit groups , weapon proliferation , and illegal narcotics were all challenges faced by titanese intelligence operatives in the forty-third century . 
 titanese spies were among the best , the very best , but the rumour of the weapon x was different . 
 some of titan 's best moles and agents had been lost in the search for erebus ; and finally , when nothing could be found , the council had unanimously opted to surrender the investigation . 
 he opened another report , dated about eight years earlier , which revealed that a very familiar lady of titan had been in charge of the investigation at the time , back when she was on the council as intelligence director . 
 lady maxim pinzón had been very influential in closing the investigation into the weapon x . 
 he had n't known that . 
 he stood , stunned . 
 blood rushed to his face , and he threw the device across the apartment . 
 it landed in the middle of the kitchen , smashing the screen and denting the worktop . 
 his heart beat in his temples . 
 could he trust no one ? 
 after lying down for a while , ruben picked up his weary body and walked across the silent room to the floor-to-ceiling window . 
 the city below blushed with a blood-red glow as he gazed out from his high-positioned home into the darkening night . 
 the conditions of night and day meant nothing to the people on titan , as heat , cold , light , and dark were rarely associated with the artificial sun as on other , non-surrogate worlds . 
 most failed to appreciate its tremendous importance , as it was the heat and light from the device which kept them all alive . 
 the surrogate sun was not an actual sun itself , but rather a series of intense beams emitted from inner arcs within each dome . 
 without it not a soul would survive . 
 in order to function as a world which did have the heat and light from an actual sun -- and despite one day on titan being the equivalent of around sixteen earth days -- time had been organised to imitate the hours , days , weeks , and months used on earth ; and it had been that way since the twelve cities were first founded . 
 if he looked vigilantly , he thought he could make out a figure , furtively making its way through central city 's shadowy streets , past central tower , and towards the general 's lofty home . 
 the furtive figure soon arrived . 
 ` are we alone ? ' 
 captain diego ferranti asked as he entered the apartment and removed his hood . 
 ` the girls are in their rooms , ' ruben replied . 
 ` i do n't think i was followed . ' 
 ` if you were , there is nothing we can do now . 
 say nothing now and follow me . ' 
 he walked across the room and opened another , concealed door , disguised as a bookcase , to reveal a small corridor . 
 he led the young captain down and through to a reinforced door at the end . 
 ` general ruben berenguer azar de la peña , ' he spoke into the voice recorder , and the metal slab shifted . 
 inside was a sealed room , adjacent to the other , and it was laid out with enough equipment to organise and deploy a small battalion of the guard . 
 nigh impregnable , the soundproofed space stopped any listening devices dead in their tracks , and tracked signals and movement throughout all of titan . 
 ` i 'll bet this has come in handy , ' the captain said with a slumped jaw . 
 the general smiled . 
 ` like you would n't believe . ' 
 ferranti sat upon a stool at the central table and ruben faced him across the workstation lined with various weapons and sections of military hardware . 
 the captain placed his hands in his pockets in an obvious attempt to resist the urge to handle anything . 
 ` so , ' ferranti said , ` i gathered from the hour of your message that something 's going on . 
 what was so urgent you had me come across two cities ? ' 
 ` apologies for the hour , captain . ' 
 ` that 's ... fine , sir . ' 
 ` i had you come here tonight , captain , because you are one of the very few soldiers i can trust completely . ' 
 ferranti nodded , but remained silent . 
 ` you have proven this to me time and time again , in battle and otherwise . ' 
 he smiled . 
 ` and yesterday , in the council . ' 
 ` ah ... well ... i 'm sorry about ... that , general , ' he said , blushing , ` but i do feel strongly when it comes to your leadership . 
 i could n't let him question you -- ' ` yes , yes , i understand , and it 's that kind of loyalty i need right now . 
 you see , mauldeth and pinzón are working together . ' 
 ruben stood and strode the length of the room . 
 ` they 're keeping things from the rest of us . 
 and they think i do n't know , but i keep my ears sharp . 
 pinzón , to use her exact words , seems to think me `` an interfering demagogue '' . ' 
 ferranti scoffed . 
 ` so they 're screwing . 
 is that it ? ' 
 ` unfortunately not . 
 as far as we 're concerned , mauldeth 's going to get his way with every last damn policy . 
 as well as abandoning all aid projects currently in motion , they 're planning on recalling the entire titanese fleet from duties throughout the systems . 
 with none of our soldiers out there we 'll have an invasion much like rotavar every other week . ' 
 ` what are you thinking , general ? ' 
 ` i 'm thinking we go over and above the council itself . 
 we both know the outcome wo n't be good for those involved , but the prospect of a titan controlled by crilshar is something i wo n't entertain in a thousand years . ' 
 ` nor will i , ' ferranti said , stoutly . 
 ruben placed his hands behind his back . 
 ` how do you feel about taking the stellarstream on one last aid mission ? ' 
 ` i assume you mean rotavar ? ' 
 ferranti smiled . 
 the general sat back down slowly . 
 ` do you trust me , captain ? ' 
 ` with my life , sir . ' 
 ` good . 
 because i wholly suspect the dishan have acquired agents inside titan . 
 the explosion in the dock was meant to cause such a reaction as there has been in the council , and it has made them blind to the fact that ensuring rotavar is free is of upmost importance . 
 we need their backing in order to gain the other alignment worlds ' trust . 
 and so we must liberate them without delay . ' 
 ` sir , ' ferranti said , shifting in his seat , ` when you speak of agents , is it to general mauldeth that you refer ? ' 
 ruben thought for a moment . 
 ` i do n't think it 's safe to assume anyone is trustworthy at the moment , except for those within our inner circle . 
 so , what do you say ? ' 
 ferranti grinned . 
 ` when do i leave ? ' 
 ` i 've already considered this . ' 
 he activated the table and a projection emerged from the centre into the air between them , offering a map of accentaurib . 
 at its centre , closest to the system 's sun , drifted rotavar . 
 nearby were the planets samos and enustine . 
 ` with the dock now completed , ' he said , ` i imagine we could have your ship prepped and off within the next forty-eight hours . 
 you may , i 'm afraid , have to miss the eight-hundred year celebrations this week . ' 
 ` not a problem , general . 
 perhaps it 's for the best considering my track record . ' 
 ` very true . 
 i shall arrange for the flight instructions to display your destination as the martian colony , for obvious purposes . 
 if they knew where you were really going we 'd have two court martials before you 'd even left the system . 
 we can coordinate an actual account over the next hour . 
 ` by the time you arrive on rotavar , captain , it will have been almost a month since the invasion . 
 truthfully , i do n't know what to expect . 
 i know only that we have to help . 
 what surveillance we do have tells us the blockading force has moved to the nearby enusti systems , leaving a possible ground force of thousands . ' 
 ` they do n't think any help is coming ? ' 
 ferranti asked . 
 ` no help is , ' ruben replied with a glint in his eye . 
 ` the cherished star will be waiting to rendezvous with you once you reach the fourth system . 
 though even together you will be outnumbered -- ' ` but we both know if it were easy you would n't be sending me , ' ferranti said with unabashed assurance . 
 ` another thing , captain . 
 the crew is to be briefed only once they have arrived in the vessel currently in orbit . 
 not before they leave the twelve cities . ' 
 ` understood . 
 normal routes ? ' 
 ` of course , ' he said . 
 ` stay away from any impossible vectors . 
 do n't go making any dangerous leaps . 
 i 'd rather have you reach rotavar in six days and in one piece than in four and four thousand . ' 
 ` understood . 
 is there anything else , sir ? ' 
 ` unfortunately yes , there is more , ' he said , unquestionably sedate . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 ruben exhaled . 
 ` the attack at the dock -- ' ` was not an assassination attempt , ' ferranti finished . 
 the general found himself slightly taken aback . 
 ` very astute , captain . 
 i was n't sure you 'd believe the story . ' 
 ` of course not . ' 
 ` then you realise the device was n't meant to kill me , or even to destroy my craft , but to cause enough damage to the dock that we would be unable to prepare a proper counter-strike on rotavar . ' 
 ` not to mention the damage it would do to our standing within the alignment . ' 
 ` indeed . 
 however the initial investigation swore to us that the explosives which destroyed the quasar 's shuttle were placed inside the craft . 
 what i was told before i called you tonight is that a grave error had been made when they gave us that report . 
 this evening i have been informed by the in-depth analysis team that the explosives in question were without doubt those of the dishan alliance , but also that they were detonated and exploded on the outside of the shuttle . ' 
 ferranti 's face fell at the news . 
 ` that means -- ' ` yes , the explosives could not have survived our arrival scans if on the outside of the craft . ' 
 ` so they were placed on after your return , ' ferranti said . 
 ` which means that those responsible are ... ' ruben nodded . 
 ` still here . ' 
 chapter twenty-three the orb blazed a horrifying black . 
 callista gazed around the enormous chamber and happened upon three figures . 
 all were covered in some kind of deep-space gear , and they stood , awestruck , before the orb , ablaze in blackness . 
 somehow callista knew that one was anna berenguer . 
 anna drifted toward the orb which seemed suspended in a mighty fissure between the black rock . 
 there stretched a break between the chamber and the sphere , and anna leaned over the opening to touch the colossal fire . 
 ` nooo ! ' 
 callista berenguer woke abruptly from her sleep , senses dulled . 
 candles burned and flickered around her in a hue of furtive calm . 
 seldom did she wake so sharply , and neither did she stir before her dream had ended . 
 something had intruded . 
 something was wrong . 
 anna was in danger . 
 she persuaded her frail form off her bed and looked at the clock above her , recalling that the day was anna 's birthday . 
 it took some thirty-seconds before she realised that the sound of music filled the room . 
 she moved to turn down the music , striking a match and lighting a couple of candles on her way . 
 she left the small music-projector so that it continued to play softly . 
 it was an old piece of splendid strings , a grand waltz the likes of which she enjoyed many years ago . 
 she recognised it as one anna always asked her to play when the young girl 's curiosity for planet earth was beginning . 
 unsure as to whether she had unintentionally started it in her sleep she made to hobble over to her corner desk , which was cluttered with papers . 
 when she heard movement in the dark behind her she turned sharply , unable to see a thing . 
 she lifted her staff from the bottom of her bed and moved carefully across to where she 'd heard the movement . 
 nothing there . 
 still sleepy , she continued over to the small , circular window , blocked out by a broad , makeshift screen ; and she looked out into the dark of early morning . 
 nothing . 
 at once , strings resonated through the small space . 
 the music she had turned down low began blasting out , shaking the ground beneath her . 
 the screen slumped down , plunging her back into darkness , and she almost collapsed to the floor . 
 callista forced herself to focus and gazed out across the room connected to the one she was now in . 
 somebody was there . 
 she could just about sense them . 
 and there was no mistaking that dark cloud of malevolence . 
 the old woman 's eyes shot to the nearby door . 
 she could make it out if she were quick . 
 breathing in deep , she darted immediately for the way out . 
 unfortunately , in her haste , she took the music-projector with her , sending it crashing to the floor . 
 she froze in unsullied silence . 
 ` did you think it would be that easy ? ' 
 a cold voice whispered from the next room . 
 oh , no . 
 ` say what you have to , crilshan ! ' 
 ` very good , ' the wraith said , creeping forward . 
 ` i knew you would see me that day . 
 even in a crowd of thousands a iástron 's abilities are not to be underestimated . ' 
 ` do n't move , ' she uttered . 
 he kept walking . 
 how could he ... ` i have to say , old woman , how surprised i am that you did n't go straight to your noble general with news of my presence . 
 thought you 'd deal with me yourself , did you ? ' 
 ` leave ! ' 
 ` thought i 'd be so easily removed ? ' 
 ` i am commanding you to go , filth ! ' 
 ` oh , i will go . 
 but first there is something i must do . 
 you are the only one to have seen me . 
 dangerous position to be in , do n't you think ? ' 
 as he walked towards her , the candles nearby seemed smothered and went out , the growing dark concealing his face . 
 ` now , ' he said , ` i think you should sit down , iástron . 
 you do n't want to get hurt , do you ? ' 
 the elderly woman looked to her door as it groaned slowly open and two more dark figures entered . 
 little by little , she backed up , beginning to pant , dropping her staff , and wondering how she could ever get out . 
 she had indeed thought it possible to deal with the man herself ; thought it better not to burden ruben further when he had so much to deal with . 
 she had scoured footage and reports of suspicious activities for the last two weeks since the attack , attempting with a determined effort to track the crilshan down . 
 if she had known that he was not alone ... ` do not enter ! ' 
 she told the other shadowy forms with what strength she could . 
 but they did not stop . 
 ` your tricks will not work on us , witch , ' the dark man said , amusement in his voice . 
 his face was disguised by the dark , but she watched as he reached up and tapped on the ear coverings fixed over his head . 
 ` i 've been watching you . 
 i know all your secrets . ' 
 she could hear her own heart beating wildly in the deathly silence that had fallen . 
 then it happened . 
 a breath touched the back of her neck . 
 a hand took hold of her left arm forcefully . 
 another grasped her right . 
 the figure laughed beside her . 
 she could n't guess how many there were . 
 ` try not to make too much noise , ' spoke the callous man . 
 ` this will most likely hurt a great deal . ' 
 a sharp pain pierced her neck . 
 she yearned to scream out , filled with agony , but a hand covered her mouth . 
 her weakened muscles rippled into spasm . 
 she could feel herself getting rapidly weaker ... unable to breathe ... powerless ... incapable of crying for help . 
 her time had finally come . 
 the cruel laughter around her faded and callista fell into darkness . 
 chapter twenty-four gasping for breath , anna vaulted from her bed . 
 stood still in the fresh , cold light of early morning greeting her from the open terrace , she peered around . 
 something was wrong . 
 something ... awful . 
 panting and sweating wildly , she lay back down . 
 her dream had been more real than she had ever experienced it . 
 no longer was the black-fired orb alone . 
 she had been stood before it , drenched in light . 
 but she had n't been there by herself ; a tall , pale man had been there with her , just watching . 
 and one word : gilaxiad ... it had been repeated , over and over , in a deep , thunderous voice . 
 whatever it meant , it terrified her . 
 she turned over and closed her eyes . 
 gilaxiad ... * * * it began with a necklace . 
 anna woke from what little sleep she had managed and , once dressed , stumbled down the steps leading from her bedroom , down to where her sister and uncle both stood , already dressed and sporting eager faces . 
 ` happy birthday , dear ! ' 
 uncle ruben cried . 
 ` yeah , ' gílana added . 
 ` happy eighteenth birthday , annie . ' 
 she dropped down into the comfy couch behind her . 
 ` thank you , ' anna said , forgetting the nightmarish night and simply enjoying the attention . 
 she lifted her sister from her seat and hugged her too . 
 her uncle had prepared breakfast , so she was as good as carried over to the table , which was complete with a vast muddle of fruit , cakes , and meats . 
 all of her favourites . 
 ` so anna , ' gílana said as the three sat around the kitchen table , ` what 's gilaxiad ? ' 
 anna almost spat out a mouthful of pear . 
 she looked up to her uncle , who appeared interested . 
 ` it 's ... err ... i ` unno , ' she replied with a full mouth . 
 she swallowed slowly . 
 ` where 'd you hear that word ? ' 
 ` you were shouting it out in your sleep again last night . ' 
 ` again ? ' 
 ruben said . 
 ` yep , she 's been barking it out every night this week . ' 
 anna gave her little sister daggers . 
 ` thank you . 
 she 's also in the room ! ' 
 ruben frowned . 
 ` who is it then ? 
 a boy ? ' 
 anna considered her answer . 
 ` yes , it 's a boy ... in my class . 
 andres ... err ... gilaxiad . ' 
 ` i see . 
 exotic name , is n't it ? ' 
 he said , not wholly convinced . 
 ` exotic ? ' 
 gílana laughed . 
 ` it 's hilarious ! 
 you 'd better hope jon does n't find out you 're dreaming about another guy . ' 
 ` you keep quiet , you ! ' 
 anna told her , but gílana and ruben burst into laughter . 
 anna eventually succumbed and let out a smile . 
 ` did n't you invite jon for breakfast ? ' 
 ruben asked . 
 ` i ... well ... he had to work . 
 he said he had things to do still ... at the dock . ' 
 ` yes , i imagine it 's rather busy down there today . 
 the first crafts will be launching in a matter of hours . ' 
 ` is callista joining us ? ' 
 anna asked , guiding the conversation away . 
 ` she should have been here by now actually , ' he replied . 
 ` i should call her , just to see when she 'll be arriving . ' 
 ` yes , ' she said . 
 ` do that . ' 
 she did n't care what he did , provided he did n't ask any more about jon . 
 she had avoided him for days , hoping he would change his mind about leaving . 
 hopefully he would be at titan 's eight-hundredth celebration later that night . 
 maybe she could persuade him not to leave . 
 she had no choice ; she had to make him stay . 
 ruben strolled over to the bookcase and went to raise the comm , but it clanged before he picked it up . 
 he answered and his expression adjusted . 
 ` yes , ' he said to whoever was on the other end . 
 ` yes , today would be terrific . ' 
 he held his hand over the comm , and looked at the girls gravely . 
 ` excuse me , ' he said , before disappearing into the next room . 
 ` think it 's about tonight ? ' 
 gílana asked , taking a huge chunk out of a piece of burnt bread . 
 ` perhaps . ' 
 anna frowned . 
 ` security for tonight must be severe . 
 the threat of another attack and all that . ' 
 ` hmmm , ' gílana responded , not really listening . 
 she was busy fooling around with something beneath the table . 
 she looked up , grinned at anna , and placed a beautifully-wrapped gift onto the table . 
 ` i was going to wait until later , ' gílana said , ` but ... well ... you know me . 
 i ca n't keep a secret for very long . ' 
 anna smiled and picked up the parcel . 
 she opened it carefully to reveal a book , worn and dirty , bearing the image of a planet , beautifully blue and green , on the front cover . 
 ` i ca n't see the appeal myself , ' she said . 
 ` but callista told me you 'd like it . 
 been trying to get it for ages . 
 they do n't make them like that anymore . ' 
 anna beamed . 
 ` it 's brilliant ! ' 
 she flicking through the browning pages : a guide to earth ... a long and complex history ... the great cities of the west ... seven rivers of euro ... giza necropolis ... the von : a failing legacy ? 
 ... ` i ca n't wait to read it ! ' 
 she placed the battered book down and noticed another small box , no larger than her palm , positioned at the end of the mound of food . 
 ` what 's in the box ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` it 's from uncle ruben . ' 
 her sister leaned in closer . 
 ` it 's a necklace . ' 
 ` the special one ? 
 the one callista gave to him ? ' 
 ` yep . ' 
 ` you 're right , ' anna said . 
 ` you 're terrible at keeping secrets ! ' 
 gílana blushed and continued to eat her own breakfast quietly . 
 before long the general marched back in , placed the comm back on the wall , and picked up a large , red apple . 
 ` just my office , ' he said , crunching into the fruit . 
 ` i 'm going to have to go in this morning . 
 you know how things are . ' 
 he looked to anna . 
 ` ah ... okay , ' she said . 
 ` did you contact callista ? ' 
 ` no , no i did n't . ' 
 ` are you going to ? ' 
 ` yes , yes i will . ' 
 he went to pick the comm back up , but again it rang before he was able . 
 he swore loudly , before composing himself and answering . 
 ` general berenguer here . ' 
 his expression changed again . 
 ` i see ... okay ... thank you very much ... oh yes , i shall ! ' 
 he slammed the comm back into place , frowning , asked gílana to go to her room -- which she did , albeit reluctantly -- and walked over to anna . 
 she stood . 
 ` that was vizor guerrero calling from the institute , ' he said , ` ringing to inform me that you have n't attended classes all week . ' 
 ` i ... i know i have n't , ' she said . 
 ` and why is that ? ' 
 ` i ... it 's hard to explain . ' 
 ` try . 
 if it 's anything to do with what i do , with what you heard at the meeting the other day , then you have nothing to worry -- ' ` it 's not , ' she said . 
 ` well , it is . 
 sort of . ' 
 she sat down , and he followed , placing his hands together on the table as he always did when concentrating . 
 ` you can tell me , ' he said , smiling kindly . 
 ` it 's just ... i thought , with everything that 's happening ... that you would stop me joining the forces , stop me becoming a member of the guard . ' 
 anna watched the smile disappear from his face . 
 he did not reply . 
 ` it 's true ! ' 
 she cried . 
 ` you 're not going to let me ! ' 
 ` i 'd hoped this could wait , ' he said , clearing his throat . 
 ` but with all this chaos at the moment , i just feel it 's too dangerous for someone so inexperienced to go throwing themselves at this . ' 
 ` but i 'm not inexperienced ! 
 why else would you and callista train me , if not to do this ? ' 
 ` we were preparing you . 
 but you 're not ready -- ' ` of course i am ! 
 i 'm willing to take the risk -- ' ` but i am not ! ' 
 he said . 
 ` we 've already lost my brother ... your father . 
 we lost your mother when gílana was born . 
 i wo n't let you risk your own life against those brutes . ' 
 ` is n't it my choice ? ' 
 ` not while i am general ! ' 
 he shouted , his frail face now such a deepening scarlet that it resembled his half-eaten apple . 
 ` you have no real idea what it 's like out there , anna ! ' 
 ` i know , ' she said . 
 ` you never tell me . ' 
 ` because it makes me sick . 
 people throw around the word terrifying with no thought . 
 out there it 's beautiful , yes . 
 but also disgusting . 
 vile . 
 sickening ... ' ` then why do you go out there ? ' 
 ` so that you and everybody else do n't have to discover that for yourselves ! ' 
 anna could not reply ; she did n't know what to say . 
 he had promised . 
 he never broke his promises . 
 what would she do if not join the guard ? 
 it had been her life : preparing to follow in her family 's footsteps . 
 but what would be the point if she could not join when she would be needed most ? 
 all she wanted to do was help . 
 the general had joined the guard at her age , after completing his studies at the central institute . 
 he had done what was common at the time and joined the guard , recruited to the interstellar vessel , the quasar . 
 he had made his way up the ranks quickly , and all who saw and spoke to him knew he did what he did with the greatest conviction . 
 that 's all she had ever wanted . 
 anna hung her head low and said nothing . 
 jon had been right . 
 he knew her uncle would not allow her to do what she had always wanted . 
 now all she wanted was to see jon . 
 uncle ruben took her hand and smiled weakly . 
 anna looked at him ; once the picture of perfect health and strength , now weighed down by a darkness she both hated and feared . 
 he reached across the table and picked up the small box containing the necklace , placing it between them . 
 ` it 's your birthday , ' he said calmly . 
 ` focus on that . 
 there 's a lot for you to be excited about , anna . ' 
 and , standing , he walked towards the door . 
 anna 's father , dathlan berenguer , had attended the same institute as his older brother . 
 it was there that he met nolkiet odéto , with whom he fell madly in love . 
 soon after their marriage , nolkiet had given birth to anna . 
 sadly , nolkiet departed three years later , while giving birth to gílana . 
 for her father and uncle , nothing had ever been the same after her death ... anna watched the general open the front door . 
 but she had to stop him . 
 she had to know one thing . 
 ` will you ever let me join , ' she asked , and he turned , ` if things get better ? ' 
 he looked at her through dark , jaded eyes . 
 ` we 'll speak more of it again , anna dear , soon . 
 enjoy your day , and i 'll see you at the celebration later tonight . ' 
 with that he left , and a tear rolled down anna 's cheek as she opened the box to reveal a silver necklace , beautiful and stunning . 
 but her stomach dropped as she picked it up to find at the bottom of the chain a small stone . 
 it was smooth to touch and perfectly spherical . 
 contrasting with the silver , it was pure black . 
 dark . 
 beautiful . 
 terrifying . 
 breathing deeply she placed it back into the box and left it on the table , still littered with unfinished breakfast . 
 anna stood and left the apartment , now with one purpose : to find the only man she could trust . 
 chapter twenty-five drums beat , one-hundred tremendous trumpets sang in utter harmony , and warm air welcomed a thousand elegantly-dressed guests as their excitement echoed through the central city 's brightly-lit streets . 
 the armed guard stood by while a parade marched through , and the light erupting from the display as it passed the central tower could be seen right across the towering horizon . 
 gílana berenguer watched the parade in awe , dressed in a long , sweeping gown in the twelve city 's colours of purple and gold . 
 she could n't remember a time when any celebration had been as big . 
 she 'd stake a guess that it would not have been in her lifetime . 
 after the procession marched on she turned and floated along with the rest of the crowd , along the piazza , and past the fountain which had been altered to gush with golden water . 
 the women around her all wore the same colours , and the men were clad in tunics of black , silver , and for some gold as well . 
 up the steps leading from the marble courtyard and into the bustling entrance hall of the enormous tower , gílana looked up . 
 the great height and beauty of the building took her breath away . 
 as she stood still , however , a gentleman emerged behind her . 
 his cold hand touched her bare shoulder . 
 she turned sharply , startled and expecting to see anna . 
 but the man stared at her and did n't speak . 
 he smiled eerily in his black cloak , and bore a scar across his cheek , jaw , and lips . 
 a silver half-mask obscured the top portion of his face . 
 ` you are gílana berenguer ? ' 
 he said , his accent odd . 
 gílana did not reply . 
 frozen , her heart beat with no space to breathe . 
 again his hand touched her shoulder , and he allowed his sharp fingers to stroke her upper arm with the lightest touch . 
 ` oh dear , ' he said coldly , almost whispering . 
 ` how sad to glimpse upon such innocent beauty , while the end is nigh . ' 
 ` ex ... excuse me ? ' 
 slowly , the man snapped his neck to either side , before pausing . 
 ` enjoy your party , little girl . 
 all will change tonight . ' 
 and he backed away , before turning and passing through the crowd and out of sight . 
 gílana shuddered . 
 she stood still for a few moments . 
 dozens of bodies surged within the grand hall , and they walked around her as though she were a servant , or not there at all . 
 she gathered herself eventually and turned to enter the hall . 
 it took some minutes of searching the various clusters of lords , ladies , guests , and the uninvited who had decided to sneak in anyway , before she noticed her uncle . 
 she moved swiftly to his side and did n't speak with anybody . 
 old anthea godíno attempted to attract her attention , but gílana hid behind a rather bored-looking waiter until she had lost the old trout . 
 the face of the sinister man still hung in front of her ; her body continued to shake as she imagined his face , his scar , the putrid smell of filth on his breath . 
 she wanted anna there with her . 
 it had been almost an hour since she had seen her last and the room was already full . 
 her uncle laughed loudly nearby , entertaining a group of his captains , their wives , and husbands . 
 ` fascinating indeed , ' he said , before turning to gílana . 
 ` you 're unusually quiet tonight , dear , ' he said as he handed her a glass of wine . 
 ` just a little tired . 
 has my sister arrived ? ' 
 ` she said she was on her way , darling , ' interrupted anthea godíno as she walked over and kissed her uncle on the cheek . 
 ` i saw her upstairs not thirty minutes ago . 
 seemed so startled to see me . 
 bless ! ' 
 gílana grinned nervously , wishing the squeaky-voiced little dwarf would waddle off already . 
 ` perhaps i should go and find her , ' uncle ruben said . 
 ` i really should have seen her this afternoon , and not left her to get ready on her own . ' 
 ` oh , she 'll be fine ! ' 
 hollered anthea , clouting his shoulder and causing a portion of his wine to fall from his goblet and onto gílana 's sandaled feet . 
 ` i 'm not so sure , ' he said , massaging his left temple . 
 ` i 've only just realised i forgot to get in contact with callista . 
 i have n't seen her yet either . ' 
 ` neither have i , ' gílana added . 
 it was n't like callista to be late , or to miss anna 's birthday . 
 something was n't right . 
 she considered telling her uncle about the funny man outside . 
 come to think of it , with everything that had happened lately , it was too important to ignore . 
 she had to tell him . 
 ` uncle ? ' 
 she said . 
 ` yes , dear ? ' 
 ` good evening , lords and ladies of the wonderful moon of titan ! ' 
 together gílana , ruben , and anthea , along with everyone else in the grand room , turned towards the source of the voice , expecting to see somebody stood at one of the upper tiers of the hall . 
 but no one was there . 
 gílana recognised the voice immediately . 
 the man from outside ! 
 she took hold of her uncle 's jacket . 
 ` i have to tell you something -- ' ` shush , ' he said , his eyes darting around the room . 
 ` congratulations titan ! ' 
 the voice said , ` for managing to remain resilient , even when the opposing force was stronger , greater , and considerably more deserving of victory ! ' 
 nearby soldiers were at once rushing out . 
 uncle ruben said something to one of them , who in turn shook his head in panic . 
 what was going on ? 
 then he turned to her . 
 ` gílana , when did you last see your sister ? ' 
 ` err ... at home , ' she said . 
 ` she might still be there . 
 in her room . 
 she would n't let me in -- ' ` it 's coming from the central public-address system , ' a nearby guard informed the general . 
 uncle ruben cursed . 
 that was n't good . 
 gílana knew that the public-address system was installed throughout the whole building , and was connected to numerous other important towers within the central city . 
 ` you 're sure ? ' 
 ruben asked . 
 ` yes , sir , ' the soldier replied . 
 he ignored the soldier . 
 ` you 're sure that 's where she 'll be , gílana ? ' 
 she nodded . 
 ` tell me , ' the cruel voice continued , ` where is the almighty general , ruben berenguer ? ' 
 ` i 'm here ! ' 
 uncle ruben shouted , stepping into the middle of the dance floor while everyone around him parted . 
 ` i 'm here and i 'm listening ! 
 who are you ? ' 
 there followed a momentary pause , as though whoever spoke was considering their answer with care . 
 ` i 'm the man who tore to pieces your docking city a few short weeks ago . 
 i 'm the man who has been living among you for some time . 
 and i 'm also the man behind tonight 's attack . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 screamed several of the crowd . 
 ` let 's get out ! ' 
 yet more yelled , and throughout the hall people began moving in every direction . 
 ` everyone , calm down ! ' 
 ruben shouted . 
 ` tell me who you are ! 
 let us speak in person . 
 can we not do that ? ' 
 again there was a pause amidst the uproar , as crowds of purple , silver , black , and gold made to leave the party as fast as possible . 
 the general stayed rooted in his position ; gílana stood firm behind him ; anthea godíno wavered behind her . 
 several of the titanese guard moved towards her uncle , while the others fanned out amongst the crowd , attempting to keep order . 
 ` go to titan 's headquarters , ' came the eventual reply . 
 ` go to the office of lady pinzón . 
 and go alone . 
 no guard or people die . ' 
 ` i am coming as well ! ' 
 another voice uttered . 
 gílana watched general slimar mauldeth shuffle across the dance floor and stand beside her uncle . 
 ` if you face one general you speak to both ! ' 
 ` very well . 
 but no more . 
 and come unarmed . ' 
 gílana wished he would n't go , but deep down she knew he had no choice . 
 he turned to her quickly and knelt upon one knee . 
 ` i need you to go and find your sister , ' he told her . 
 ` it 's so important that you do . ' 
 he looked up to the closest soldier . 
 ` you will escort my niece to my apartment and find anna . 
 keep your comm close . ' 
 ` yes , general . ' 
 ` once you have them both , take them below the city to the underground bunkers . 
 wait there with them until i send word . ' 
 ` right away , general . ' 
 ruben looked at gílana . 
 ` yes , uncle , ' she said . 
 he turned , and with mauldeth limping alongside , ran from the tower . 
 chapter twenty-six the streets of titan were in disarray . 
 distraught bodies and terrified faces rushed towards the command dome , hoping to catch a glimpse of the unfolding situation or else fleeing as far as they could . 
 such disorder was hard to calm or control , but the titanese guard could be seen all over , sweeping through the cities and doing all they could to keep unrest to a minimum . 
 at least until they discovered what was really going on . 
 the two generals sat in the back of a slow-moving ground vehicle , caught up in one of the pockets of confused-but-curious city dwellers , as they made their way through . 
 ruben watched mauldeth occupy himself by rolling the tip of his staff around in his hand , tapping the bottom on the floor of the vehicle . 
 mauldeth 's left leg had been damaged several years back in a ruinous clash with a mob of proximan mercenaries , and despite the possibility of near-perfect prostheses , the stubborn general would n't have it . 
 it simply meant that now they could n't cross the city by foot , and time was fast running out . 
 ` have we contact with lady pinzón yet ? ' 
 ruben asked . 
 mauldeth glanced up , shook his head . 
 ` you do realise , ' he said , ` that i 'm aware of yours and maxim 's private discussions ? ' 
 mauldeth 's eyes narrowed . 
 ` and are you aware of what they concern ? ' 
 ` no . 
 but given the present circumstance i think it would be sensible to inform me , do n't you think ? ' 
 ` perhaps , ' he said , lip twitching . 
 ` you know , ruben , i was always amazed at your ability to observe the moral plateau and claim the sensible stance whenever it suited you , but turn your back on the rules if it took your fancy . ' 
 ` life is n't always black and gold , slimar . 
 you should know that . ' 
 the swarthy general shrugged his shoulders and looked out into the streets . 
 the great structure of the command dome was in sight . 
 ruben looked out and considered checking on his nieces . 
 he sincerely regretted how his discussion with anna had gone that morning , and he prayed she was still in her room and soon to be on her way to safety . 
 he placed his comm away and forced himself to dismiss the worry . 
 now more than ever he had to focus on the task at hand . 
 the ground vehicle stopped . 
 both clambered out and pushed through the gathering crowd . 
 they bypassed the security line holding back anyone from entering the dome , and entered to witness a dozen bodies filling the floor , saturating it in stomach-turning puddles of iridescent blood . 
 ` whoever did this will pay dearly ! ' 
 mauldeth growled . 
 ruben took out his coilbolt . 
 ` yes , they will . ' 
 noise from the sirens and the crowd soon subsided . 
 the levels were deserted , and they quietly made their way higher . 
 lady pinzón 's office was located on the sixtieth level . 
 on the way , the tiled floor and clear white walls were again stained with the blood of battle . 
 how many had attacked , ruben could not guess . 
 their footprints now trailed a shimmering crimson path behind them , but their aged stomachs had tackled sorer sights . 
 maxim pinzón 's door was shut when they reached it . 
 ` they said unarmed , ' mauldeth reminded him . 
 ruben nodded , deactivated his weapon , and placed it upon the floor . 
 slimar mauldeth opened the door and entered first . 
 the office within was so unnervingly dark they could only see through the glow from the nearby buildings . 
 but as their eyes adjusted to the black what they saw caused them to freeze . 
 surrounded by silence , ruben could not only hear his own heart beat , but that of his fellow general 's as they both stared , painfully , at a lifeless body laid peacefully upon the thick wooden desk . 
 she lay on her back with her hands clasped and resting on her middle . 
 ` my ... my lady , ' mauldeth wept , moving towards her . 
 ` what have they d ... done to you ? ' 
 ruben placed a hand on his shoulder , his wary eyes having picked up on something else . 
 ` good evening , generals , ' came the cold voice from the party . 
 ` whatever happens here tonight , ' mauldeth said , ` retribution will find you . ' 
 ` maxim pinzón has betrayed her people , ' the shadowed man said . 
 ` her retribution is lay before you . ' 
 ` what did you do ? ' 
 ` we injected her with a nerve substance . 
 quite deadly . ' 
 ruben focused and quickly became aware of several figures hidden within the shadows . 
 ` do n't move , ' he whispered to mauldeth . 
 ` the same one i administered to your old iástron this morning ... ' ` no ! ' 
 ruben cried , charging forwards . 
 unarmed and helpless , there was no point in fighting , but he did n't care . 
 he threw mauldeth off and charged towards the voice , but a form sprang from the shadowed corner and a blow struck his head , knocking him to the ground . 
 he landed on his hip and agony filled his body . 
 seeing this , mauldeth raised his hands , silent . 
 several figures , hooded and cloaked and wearing masks of silver metal , stepped into the shallow light . 
 ` do as they say , ' mauldeth said . 
 ruben had no intention of dying . 
 but neither did he intend to submit to the whims of these creatures . 
 he scanned the room from his position on the floor , analysing each figure 's position , weapons , and possible weaknesses . 
 but he could see no way out . 
 ` this general speaks sense , ' spoke the wraith . 
 ` i will not take orders from a crilshan ! ' 
 ruben spat . 
 the blades they held made it clear who they were , and only one enemy had ever had the audacity to attempt something like this . 
 ` i 'd listen to him if i were you , berenguer . 
 if you wo n't take our commands , do yourself a courtesy and stay silent . 
 we do n't need you to talk . 
 only to listen . ' 
 he bunched his hands into fists . 
 ` do not speak to me of courtesy , filth ! 
 i know why you 're here , and i can tell you your task is worthless . 
 your lord will not have a throne for long . ' 
 a sudden blow struck the back of his head and he fell forward onto his knees , grunting in pain . 
 the leader stepped forward , the only crilshan not wearing a mask . 
 the general noticed a thick scar stretching down one cheek , all the way to his mouth , and across his lips . 
 ` gordian , ' he said . 
 ` i should have known ... ' the crilshan behind ruben clutched his hair and pulled his head back , exposing his neck . 
 gordian pulled out his own spiked blade and thrust in , the tip touching to his throat . 
 ` yes , ruben berenguer , i am gordian . 
 servant of the high lord yux dishan . 
 ibrahatima katha ! 
 let the darkness run through your veins like pure , untainted blood . ' 
 the blade dug into his skin . 
 ` no , ' mauldeth said . 
 ` there 's no need to harm either of us ! 
 you agreed to speak , so speak . 
 i represent this world as much as he does . 
 give your message to me . ' 
 the crilshan simply turned , amused , and said , ` oh general , if you had any idea what my message is . ' 
 ` yours is one of death and darkness , i know that . 
 and no such messenger will be welcomed here whilst i am a general of titan . ' 
 ` you and your precious cities represent deception and lies , ' gordian said , and he turned to ruben . 
 ` unfortunately you wo n't have time tonight to enlighten your famous berenguer as to what you 've been doing of late ... what you 've been speaking of . ' 
 ruben looked to mauldeth in panic . 
 was it to do with his and maxim 's meetings ? 
 what were they discussing that he did n't know ? 
 ` what have you done ? ' 
 he cried . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' mauldeth answered . 
 ` if we 'd known ... the dishan ... it 's more than that , i -- ' ` oh no ! ' 
 gordian said . 
 ` i 'm afraid you 're going to take your transgressions to the grave ! ' 
 he pulled out a blaster , aimed it in his direction , and pulled the trigger . 
 a black surge shattered the entire length of the windowed wall behind him ; the glass plunged a sloping sixty floors . 
 slimar mauldeth looked at ruben , a single tear moving down his repentant expression , and he breathed one last word . 
 the general understood . 
 ` erebus . ' 
 gordian kicked mauldeth square in the chest , casting him out into the open air , where he plummeted alone to the stone far below . 
 though he struggled with all his might , ruben could n't summon the strength to fight the crilshan holding him . 
 gordian turned and cried , ` ha ! 
 the cripple fell like a rock ! ' 
 ` you bastard ! ' 
 gordian stopped laughing . 
 ` he was never important , ruben berenguer . 
 but you are . 
 i bring word from the high lord dishan himself . 
 but it is not a message . 
 it is a warning . ' 
 he looked into gordian 's dark eyes -- red and black . 
 ` nothing you say now will mean anything ! ' 
 gordian ignored him , as though he had suddenly recognised the sirens which filled the city . 
 ` do it ! ' 
 he ordered one of the masked men , who in turn activated something fixed to his wrist . 
 out of the shattered window a dozen explosions filled the cities , fire burning and black smoke soaring up to the domes ' inner arcs . 
 the sirens and screams were drowned out by the creatures ' laughter , all around the fury-filled general . 
 gordian leaned in close . 
 ` you are to end opposition and hostilities with my lord and his armies . 
 you will recall your forces from the systems and agree to the sovereignty of the dishan alliance over the alignment ... and titan . ' 
 ` and if we do n't ? ' 
 gordian 's scarred lip curled . 
 ` if you do n't , my device will ensure you all die tonight . ' 
 chapter twenty-seven anna stepped out of the shadows on the far side of the street . 
 jon del ' oueste stood waiting . 
 they met at the surrogate sunset , which cast a tender orange and ruby-red glow throughout the domes , eight-hundred years to the night since their home became a free world . 
 only , it was not as free as everyone supposed . 
 passage from the solitary moon was reserved for the senior council members , the super rich , and the titanese guard . 
 since she would never be any of those anna had little to stay for . 
 if she remained on titan her uncle would never let her join the guard ; she would be sentenced to a life confined within the domes , unable to leave or fulfil her greatest wishes : to see space ; to travel amongst the stars and glimpse upon other planets , moons , and civilizations . 
 and if leaving meant she could hold onto jon then leaving is what she would do . 
 she had written a letter for her uncle and sister , but had torn it into many pieces . 
 the goodbye she had written and torn up several times was not the one anna wanted to say . 
 unsure of what parting message she wished to express , she had ultimately decided not to leave a letter behind . 
 she was running away , and was n't proud of it . 
 what would a letter mean anyway , when the message was clear ? 
 titan was no longer her home . 
 the two ran together for several minutes through the darkening central streets before jon took them down a quiet alley . 
 the sound of festivities filled the surrounding area . 
 ` what took you so long ? ' 
 jon asked as he lifted a large sheet of canvas to reveal an electric-powered motor-scrambler , with space enough for two . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' she said . 
 upon leaving she had bumped into anthea godíno , who , though kind-hearted , was impossible to silence when she began to talk . 
 ` we 'd better be quick , ' he said . 
 ` who knows who or what we 'll have to dodge on the way to the dock . ' 
 ` i thought you had all this planned out , ' she said . 
 he smiled and signalled for her to clamber on . 
 she mounted the scrambler , wrapped her arms around him , and took a deep breath . 
 the two took off down the lively streets . 
 anna held onto jon tight . 
 even surrounded by uncertainty she felt safe with him ; he would always protect her . 
 the thrills and the intense beating of her heart , coupled with the cool air blowing through her dark tresses , held the excitement she felt within . 
 it was a breathtaking exhilaration . 
 they were going to do it . 
 they were going to make a new life and do all the things they wanted to do . 
 unfortunately , they had only reached the connecting city when a piercing siren sounded behind . 
 at once she considered the worst : that their leaving had been discovered and her uncle 's men in pursuit . 
 jon took them on a series of detours as the sirens became louder , lights flashing up into the inside of the dome , and they managed to pass from the central city through another , and finally toward their destination . 
 her old life echoed behind and the sirens gained upon them , louder and closer . 
 the rolling sound of thunder then crashed through the twelve cities . 
 eruptions of light far above . 
 a trail of blazing fire carried through the domes , the flames climbing higher than even the tallest buildings could reach . 
 jon stopped the scrambler . 
 they looked to each other . 
 both wondered the same thing . 
 could it be possible ? 
 was titan under attack once more ? 
 a military convoy reeled nearby and the light from the searching vehicles startled them into rushing off . 
 an enormous , towering building succumbed to the fires and flames and explosions within , and collapsed close by , the black smoke pursuing them as they tore past . 
 the dock was in sight . 
 ` we 're nearly there ! ' 
 jon cried over the furore . 
 but anna was already questioning their choice to leave . 
 titan was under attack . 
 she wanted to go back , to gílana and her uncle and , strangely enough , callista . 
 ` maybe we should n't go ! ' 
 she shouted . 
 ` you 're joking ! ' 
 jon said . 
 ` this is the reason we 're leaving . 
 i 'm going to protect you now ! 
 there 's no turning back ! ' 
 and he was right . 
 the scrambler pulled away from a hovercraft passing overhead , and they burned down another alley . 
 anna could n't find the breath to reply and fought to hold on tight as jon pulled a dangerous manoeuvre to avoid yet another party of titanese guard on the next street . 
 several vehicles pulled up ahead . 
 jon swerved , sending the scrambler and its two passengers flying through the air . 
 dancing lights flickered and a burst of lightning shot towards them . 
 * * * the assassin gordian 's words raced through ruben 's mind as he stood gazing out of maxim pinzón 's office , pillars of smoke filling the sphere before him as the stench of burning turned his stomach : ` if you do n't , my device will ensure you all die tonight ... ' what device ? 
 could he have meant erebus ? 
 minutes had passed since the crilshans had fled . 
 many of the titanese guard had been killed in the encounter , and now he stood alone . 
 his men had begun the hunt . 
 the masked intruders would not get far . 
 ` yes , ' he said into his comm . 
 ` we 're still go . 
 the stellarstream must leave . ' 
 other members of the command had attempted to stop captain ferranti 's vessel from leaving . 
 but they did not know the significance of this launch . 
 ` the stellarstream has my clearance to depart . ' 
 -- as you wish , replied captain mendoza . 
 can i suggest one thing , ruben ? 
 ` go ahead . ' 
 -- activate the surrogate sun . 
 daylight will help us flush these vermin out . 
 and there it hit him . 
 that was gordian 's design . 
 ` no , ' he said . 
 -- are you sure ? 
 we -- ` no , ' he repeated . 
 the surrogate sun . 
 was it possible ? 
 -- ruben ? 
 the last titan-crilshan war , a war in which his father fought , had been waged with such ferocity , such deception , such trickery . 
 the old tactics of terror used by the enemy were so devastating that the free worlds had almost fallen to the dishan . 
 if ruben knew anything of crilshar , and he certainly did , then he knew that the house of dishan were great admirers of the old ways of war . 
 and one plan in particular stood out . 
 ` ernesta ! ' 
 ruben cried . 
 -- yes , sir ? 
 ` i want an immediate lockdown of all twelve cities ! 
 have your teams search and evacuate key areas in the interior of the domes , starting with central tower . ' 
 -- at once , general , she replied . 
 what , may i ask , are we looking for ? 
 years of training allowed him to contain his panic . 
 ` explosives , captain . 
 enough to wipe out the entire twelve cities . 
 or more specifically ... the surrogate sun . ' 
 chapter twenty-eight dazed and aching , anna realised quickly that she was moving along the ground , her legs behind her , as cloaked shadows pulled her through , each with a tight grip on her arms . 
 down an empty back-street , they dragged her out of sight of the search lights and military convoys . 
 ` jon , ' she said , ` are you all right ? ' 
 ` i 'm here , ' he grumbled . 
 ` where are you ? ' 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 ` quiet ! ' 
 spat one of the men as they dragged her into the back entrance of a small building adjoining the alley . 
 they threw her to the ground in the dark ; the thud of jon 's body landed beside . 
 around them a gruff , raspy voice spoke a language she recognised . 
 it was a dark accent . 
 it was ... crilshan . 
 ` armata ibanakra , ' he said . 
 ` manaw ikri ! ' 
 a dim light appeared in the corner and anna could make out three or four figures , all wearing strange masks . 
 ` who are -- ' ` quiet , girl ! ' 
 one said . 
 then he shouted , ` ichita gordian ! 
 ichita gordian ! ' 
 replies from the adjoining room . 
 ` do n't move , ' jon whispered . 
 the crilshans closest to them looked to each other , and one pulled out a blade . 
 ` do n't hurt us ! ' 
 jon said . 
 ` why ? 
 who are you ? ' 
 the raspy voice echoed around the room . 
 ` i am jon del ' oueste . 
 and this is the niece of none other than general berenguer ! ' 
 ` jon , no ! ' 
 anna cried . 
 big mistake . 
 the crilshan approached her , clutched her face firmly . 
 he stunk of sweat and dirt . 
 ` excellent ! ' 
 he cried , backing away and clapping his gloved hands together . 
 ` we have them both ! ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 she said . 
 ` both ? ' 
 ` anna ! ' 
 rolled a cry amid a tumult of stifled tears as gílana berenguer was lugged from the adjoining room and thrown to the ground , where she crawled into her big sister 's arms . 
 ` gílana ! 
 how did they get you ? ' 
 ` they were waiting ... at home ... they killed the guard , and ... ' ` quiet ! ' 
 the crilshan snarled . 
 the room went silent . 
 the sound of cries and screams , which had died away once they had been thrown inside , was suddenly so much louder . 
 and closer . 
 anna 's heart pounded . 
 the violent snap and boom of the electric weapons of the guard filled the alleyway outside . 
 ` we 're here ! ' 
 gílana cried . 
 ` help -- ' the nearby sentry drove his blade into the ground beside them . 
 ` gordian ! ' 
 an unmasked crilshan entered the badly-lit room . 
 he looked down at the three captives , stroking a disfigured face and cautiously listening to the commotion outside . 
 ` heed the warning , ' gordian said , not in crilshan , but the common tongue . 
 ` prepare to leave . 
 we 're going . 
 iturat ! ' 
 another gestured to anna , jon , and gílana . 
 ` artak fiyl ayana ! ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 gordian nodded . 
 ` bring them too . ' 
 he motioned to some others , who , until now , had remained concealed in the dark . 
 he led them to the back door where they pulled out firearms and moved to join the battle outside . 
 the door slammed shut behind them , followed by an ear-splitting burst of air from the alley . 
 a rumbling shook the room , and hot metal , stone , and dust fell through the roof . 
 something collided with anna . 
 she pulled her sister close , shielding her with her body . 
 the ceiling collapsed inward , crushing the cloaked man before them . 
 as gílana held onto her tighter than ever , jon leaned over to anna , panting . 
 ` this is what 's coming to titan , ' he said . 
 ` you have to realise , leaving is our only chance . 
 we have to get out . 
 now . ' 
 anna shook her head . 
 ` i ca n't take gílana out there . ' 
 ` you ca n't leave her here ! 
 titan is no longer safe . ' 
 he clutched her hand , she took hold of gílana , and the three scrambled from the room and into the next . 
 from there a crumbling stairway led them out and they charged across the rubble . 
 the military hovercraft she had witnessed from her terrace now circled above , darting and avoiding return strikes from the dark , cloaked men . 
 overmatched , they nevertheless continued to fight back against the titanese guard that had discovered them . 
 the three stopped at the edge of the roof and looked out . 
 the dock was straight ahead . 
 they could make it if they ran . 
 jon took hold of anna and looked into her eyes . 
 ` we have to go , ' he begged . 
 ` we 'll save your sister too . ' 
 ` jon , i -- ' ` think ! ' 
 he said . 
 ` what would your uncle want ? 
 i know he 'd want you both safe ! 
 well that 's what i 'm going to do ! 
 come on ! ' 
 and they took off for the dock , hoping that the shuttlecraft would still take off in the crisis surrounding them . 
 anna dragged her terrified sister behind as three masked crilshans took chase . 
 she prayed she was making the right decision . 
 * * * ` callista ! ' 
 ruben berenguer tore through the dusty hallway leading to the iástron 's home . 
 ` callista , are you there ? ' 
 no reply . 
 confident the guard would take care of his nieces , his thoughts had turned to callista . 
 if he was right and the assassins were attacking the surrogate sun , there was nothing more he could do . 
 had gordian been telling the truth , had he injected her with the same poison as lady pinzón , then he had to find her . 
 he had to make sure she was all right . 
 the old iástron had nobody else . 
 ` callista ? 
 lucasta ?! ' 
 he heaved his way through her door , and let out a cry of anguish . 
 lay sprawled across the floor on her front , callista was n't moving . 
 he charged forward , raised her frail body , and turned to leave . 
 but he stopped suddenly and fell to his knees . 
 a small metal device , planted on the table before him , counted down , reaching its end . 
 and with it their end : 5 ... ` callista ! ' 
 he sobbed . 
 ` wake up , i need you ! ' 
 4 ... this was it . 
 3 ... ` no . ' 
 2 ... suddenly and miraculously , as though in her deathlike state she could still hear the cries of her little ruben , callista bolted from his arms and stretched out both of hers at the device . 
 1 ... his ears split inside with the drumming carrying through his head . 
 a loud and painful pop and suddenly he could hear nothing . 
 callista held out both hands and they shook wildly . 
 he could tell she was in agony . 
 but she held on . 
 a blue and violet light erupted from the device , and a great heat , but it stopped before it reached them . 
 contained in a colossal sphere which filled the room , callista held the explosion at bay . 
 her expression exposed the piercing torment within as the light reached its climax and then folded inward . 
 she collapsed at his side and the room plunged into darkness . 
 * * * anna raced across the metal platform leading up to the docked shuttlecraft , gílana 's hand held tightly in hers . 
 jon followed close behind . 
 the cloaked men had taken chase and were right on their tail . 
 ` faster ! ' 
 she heard jon call . 
 ` we are ! ' 
 ` i mean it ! ' 
 the shuttlecraft would be leaving at any moment , but they could still make it . 
 there was time ! 
 they reached a huge metal blast door , but there was no way they could get through . 
 ` follow me ! ' 
 jon shouted as he caught up . 
 he stepped off the platform and onto a small ledge , less than a foot wide , attached to the side of the craft . 
 he picked up a hidden tool bag from a secure gap he had left it , strapped it around his middle , and reached out to pull them across . 
 ` are you crazy ? ' 
 gílana screamed . 
 ` it 's either this or them ! ' 
 he said , pointing to three wraiths now running down the platform towards them , blades in hand . 
 gordian was coming . 
 a torrent of bullets flew at the three , and the sisters dropped to the ground , sparks raining all around them . 
 ` okay fine , i 'm coming ! ' 
 gílana jumped up and bounded across . 
 anna helped her onto the ledge , following closely herself . 
 they shifted along precariously until they reached another platform , slightly higher . 
 she turned . 
 already the masked crilshans were on the ledge in pursuit . 
 jon clambered up and the girls followed . 
 he put down the large backpack and removed a sizeable drill , quickly and precisely detaching the corners of a tapered grate . 
 finishing , he pushed the drill over the ledge ; it fell far and , to their delight , took one of their attackers with it . 
 ` in ! ' 
 he said , pulling out a torch , and again they followed him into a narrow tunnel , crawling on their hands and knees as fast as they could . 
 ` how do you know where we 're going ? ' 
 anna said . 
 ` i told you , ' he replied , ` i 've planned this all out . ' 
 before anna could reply a deafening sound filled their ears and the tunnel surrounding them trembled . 
 ` oh , no , ' she whimpered . 
 her stomach lurched and she pulled herself along faster . 
 ` okay , do n't worry ! 
 do n't panic ! ' 
 shouted jon over the roar that seemed to be growing in intensity . 
 ` just keep moving ! ' 
 they came eventually to the end of the tunnel . 
 jon stopped . 
 ` no . ' 
 ` what 's wrong ? ' 
 anna asked . 
 ` no ! ' 
 jon screamed . 
 ` no , no , no ! ' 
 ` what 's wrong ? 
 what is it ? ' 
 ` the vent , ' he said . 
 ` it 's locked on this end too ! ' 
 anna gasped in horror . 
 ` we 're trapped ? ' 
 ` it 's not meant to be ! 
 i checked the plans ! ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 ` it should n't -- it ca n't be ! ' 
 ` please , no ! ' 
 gílana shrieked . 
 ` this is all your fault . 
 look what you 've done ! ' 
 ` move back ! ' 
 he barked as the tunnel around them shook so hard they quickly began to fall back down the passage . 
 anna held onto her sister and the passage walls , but as she did she lost her grip and gílana slammed into the interior wall of the passageway . 
 she smashed her head and at once went limp . 
 anna pulled her away from jon and he took a deep breath , examining the vent lock . 
 he then switched positions and faced anna . 
 as their eyes met , terrified , he said , ` i 'm so sorry , ' and he began kicking the vent now behind him . 
 anna did n't know what to do . 
 she clung to gílana as they were thrown around the tunnel . 
 it was so dark , so awful . 
 it would be the last thing she would see before she died . 
 ` come on ! 
 come on ! ' 
 he screamed as he kicked , harder and harder . 
 then the deafening noise ended ; the shaking ceased and the light went out . 
 pulled by some invisible energy anna was forced forward , and as she felt a sharp pain tear through her forehead , the cold hand of death stroked by , and she fell from consciousness . 
 chapter twenty-nine pale blue light guided antal justus down the claustrophobic hallway of erebus station . 
 so as not to pass by his destination without realising , he dimmed his eyes and slowly examined each metal door on the corridor ; he did n't much fancy having to backtrack again and recruit a passer-by to guide him . 
 it did n't look good and he felt rather foolish doing so . 
 eventually he found what he wanted , and read out loud the writing on the door before him . 
 ` section three . 
 dorm seventeen . ' 
 inside was the man he 'd been sent to see : first project officer araman alwar . 
 justus had been part of the erebus project for almost two weeks and was still becoming accustomed to the cold and quiet atmosphere which followed him as dauntingly as the thunderstorm he 'd left behind in the desert of rotavar . 
 his nightmares had finally ceased ; he had n't suffered a single one since his approach to the station . 
 it did not , however , stop him mulling over in his mind the girl he 'd seen or the strange sensation he felt in his stomach whenever he thought of her . 
 he was beginning to like his life on erebus . 
 though he was n't getting paid he was nonetheless a well-respected captain of seventy loyal soldiers ; he no longer had to worry about where his next meal was coming from ; and he was definitely enjoying sharing his bed with one of the most beautiful women he 'd laid eyes upon . 
 he did n't even have to worry about what was happening on the station in terms of research or funding ; his job was security and even that had become merely routine . 
 he could definitely get used to it . 
 justus held his hand up to the door , not quite knowing what to expect of the person waiting inside . 
 ` araman 's harmless , ' ketrass had told him earlier that day . 
 ` and something of a genius too . 
 it does n't stop him acting like a freak though . 
 odd would be an understatement . 
 my advice would be get in and get out ! 
 most of what he says does n't even make sense . 
 kramer says his idiocy 's catching . 
 that 's why he keeps him out of the way down there . ' 
 justus held his breath and knocked twice . 
 he would have done so a third time had the metal door not swung back before his knuckles found it again . 
 ` heavens ! ' 
 cried the occupant , whose curious face stared suddenly back . 
 ` good heavens ! 
 antal justus ? ' 
 ` yeah , that 's -- ' ` come in , come in ! ' 
 he took justus by the collar and almost dragged him into the small , cluttered room . 
 ` this is your workshop ? ' 
 justus asked , brushing down his dark uniform and staring about . 
 ` it is indeed . 
 you like it ? ' 
 ` yeah , it 's -- ' ` thought you would ! 
 they say you 're from earth . 
 that true ? ' 
 ` well , yeah , i -- ' ` brilliant . 
 what you think of this ? ' 
 the enthusiastic young man pulled out an old , dust-ridden contraption which half resembled a visual comm-link device . 
 ` ever seen one of these back there ? ' 
 ` no -- ' ` i 'm not too sure what it does . 
 i mean , what it did . ' 
 ` so you 're -- ' ` yes , of course -- how rude of me ! ' 
 he brushed his palms on his sides and took hold of justus ' hand with both of his , shaking it wildly . 
 ` araman , ' he said . 
 ` araman alwar . 
 and you -- ' ` okay , ' justus stopped him short . 
 ` i do n't know where you 're from or what you 're taking , but i swear i 'm going to have to thump you if you do n't take a breath . ' 
 ` oh , of ... of course , ' araman mumbled , flushing pink . 
 the oddball was shorter than the captain , with tidy blond hair and ruby-coloured cheeks which left justus picturing the old fashioned dolls which were gathered in the house he grew up in . 
 araman alwar coughed in an attempt to gain his attention , which had drifted off among the heaps of objects littering the small but extremely tall room . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' he squeaked . 
 ` i do n't get out of here too often ... ha ! 
 ... if you could n't tell . 
 the old captain used to come and talk to me all the time , but he 's gone now -- obviously ! ' 
 he pointed at justus ' uniform . 
 ` avéne hardly comes down anymore . 
 kramer and lesper only summon me when i can be of use . 
 i guess it 's just nice to see a new face . ' 
 ` i can relate , ' justus said , trying to appear understanding . 
 ` how long have you been here ? ' 
 ` since the beginning . 
 got plucked right out of the university on mar-andra by commander lesper . 
 never left . ' 
 ` never left ? 
 how are you not insane ? ' 
 ` what part of our introduction left you with the impression i was sane ? ' 
 justus laughed . 
 ` ten years is a long time to spend down here . ' 
 ` worth it , i hope . ' 
 ` what exactly are you anyway , fourteen ? ' 
 ` actually , i 'm almost thirty ! ' 
 ` you 're older than me ? 
 how the hell is that possible ? ' 
 they both laughed . 
 ` doctor ketrass said you 're some kind of genius . ' 
 ` did she ? ' 
 he sounded grateful . 
 ` well ... i guess so . ' 
 his face fell and he sat down . 
 ` i 'm guessing somebody sent you here for something , ' he said . 
 ` i ca n't imagine another reason to expect company . ' 
 justus bit his lip . 
 he pitied the young chap , left on his own , unappreciated and ignored . 
 he considered inviting him for a walk or a drink , but his mind wandered rapidly when his eyes caught the glistening flicker of an item , mounted on the wall a little way up . 
 ` is that a ... wow ! 
 it ca n't be ! ' 
 ` is what a ... oh , yes , ' araman replied , realising what he 'd seen as though he too was often distracted by the item . 
 he pushed over a stool and climbed on top of an unsteady-looking pile of discoloured manuscripts . 
 there he lifted the sheathed blade of an historic rapier from the stand above . 
 ` you 're an enthusiast ? ' 
 he asked as he offered it over . 
 ` you could say that , ' justus said , taking the blade from araman and gently raising the hilt to his eye-line , before taking it out , grasping it firmly , and striking the pose he 'd been taught to adopt from an early age . 
 ` traditional rapier , ' he said . 
 ` thirty-six inch blade . 
 wire wrapped . 
 weight ... oh , two pounds ... four ounces ? ' 
 ` five . ' 
 ` of course . ' 
 ` impressive , ' araman said . 
 ` you play ? ' 
 justus smiled as he recalled his early years living in the manor on earth . 
 countless memories flashed up and he drove the latter few from his mind . 
 ` a fair bit , ' he said , sheathing the rapier and handing it back . 
 ` lesper mentioned you have something ready for me . 
 he said something about a prototype . ' 
 ` ah , yes . 
 funny we should begin by sharing a mutual passion -- above all this one . 
 hang on a moment . ' 
 he hurried off before returning , as luck would have it , with a long , coiled blade , about the length of his forearm . 
 justus took it and admired the golden-laid metalwork . 
 the young man certainly was talented . 
 ` why do i get the feeling this is n't your standard coilbolt ? ' 
 araman laughed . 
 ` no fooling you , i see . 
 you 'd think it was standard by first glance . 
 ignite it . ' 
 justus obeyed . 
 he flicked the switch and found to his surprise that the steady hum of the metal was joined , not by the traditional blue and purple glow , but by a dazzling dance of intense ruby-red sparks . 
 ` i call it the advanced coilbolt , ' araman said . 
 ` i do n't like the word prototype . 
 this one 's just as good as the others . ' 
 ` others ? ' 
 ` lesper 's having me make many more . 
 yours is the very first . ' 
 ` i do n't understand , ' he said . 
 ` these are only used on titan . 
 what 's the need for them here ? ' 
 ` i have theories . 
 but i figure : the only way to find out is to do what i 'm asked . 
 it 's taken years but i 've managed to combine the technologies of both titan and crilshar , and this is the finished product : a coil that can project electrical bursts of power and yet ensnare enemy attacks and return them as rapidly as crilshan blades can . ' 
 justus gestured with the red-glowing weapon like a child fooling around with his father 's heavy blade . 
 ` well , i 'm impressed . 
 and the fact it 's red ? ' 
 araman smiled . 
 ` a secret i 'll keep to myself if that 's okay with you . 
 for the time being , at least . ' 
 ` have it your way , ' justus said , extinguishing the coil . 
 it may have been the contagiously optimistic mood surrounding araman alwar , but all of a sudden the captain felt that much more cheerful . 
 it felt good , like he used to feel with his crew . 
 he thought of adra dimal and felt warm again . 
 so far from civilization , and deep within a suffocating mountain of indeterminate substance , he simply hoped it would last . 
 chapter thirty adra dimal woke with alarm , her blaster gripped tightly in her hand . 
 for a moment she wondered where she was , but the disappointment quickly caught up . 
 she sat back in her chair in the cockpit of the crimson flux . 
 outside the wind howled against the window , while the accentaurian sun joined that of accentaurib on the horizon . 
 kondogopas appeared in the distance , a shining blotch on a deadly yellow dune . 
 ` oh , justus , ' she muttered . 
 ` where are you ? ' 
 she checked the time on the dash , realised she 'd only been snoozing for half an hour . 
 she sighed deeply and bent down to fix her boots , before standing and putting on her coat . 
 she 'd made up her mind . 
 enough debating . 
 time was running out . 
 rotavar was besieged , though the emerald soldiers of the defence had fought every day . 
 silence as dimal collapsed back into her seat . 
 it was hopeless . 
 they were trapped . 
 almost three weeks since justus abandoned them . 
 she was exhausted . 
 a knock on the cockpit hatch . 
 noah nuveen shuffled in , followed by raj and shree timbur , and finally a timid aíron veryan . 
 all were yawning and rubbing their eyes , blood-shot and irritable . 
 ` you called ? ' 
 raj said . 
 ` yeah , ' she said . 
 ` we need to talk . 
 i 'm just going to go ahead and say it . 
 we 're in the shit . ' 
 noah started to choke , and raj thumped him on the back . 
 ` i mean it , ' she said . 
 ` we 're a couple of days away from running out of food . 
 one of us needs to do something . ' 
 ` what we need , ' noah coughed , ` is to get away from here . ' 
 ` i know . 
 i know . 
 i 've made up my mind . 
 i 'm going to head into the city . 
 see what i can find out . 
 colony scans look like they 're gathering soldiers from all the northern cities . ' 
 ` i 'll go with you , ' raj said . 
 ` no , raj . 
 you 're the only other crewmember able to pilot the flux with any sorta ' knack . 
 you 'll stay . ' 
 ` then take shree ? ' 
 ` i do n't think so . 
 i 'm trying to stay unnoticed . 
 no offence , shree . ' 
 shree shrugged her huge shoulders . 
 ` it 's better if i go alone . 
 you can contact me anytime via comm . 
 do n't use any names . 
 call me desert fox . ' 
 ` why do we need code names ? ' 
 noah asked cynically . 
 ` because it 's exciting ! ' 
 raj answered . 
 ` then why desert fox ? ' 
 ` the old holo-film ? ' 
 dimal said . 
 ` not remember ? ' 
 ` no idea , dim . ' 
 ` really ? ' 
 noah coughed . 
 ` you 're right , ' she said . 
 ` bigger picture . ' 
 she looked to aíron . 
 ` we 'll be alright . 
 as captain i 'll do everything i can . 
 share my rations between you . 
 i 'll pinch what i need out there . ' 
 ` be careful , ' raj said . 
 ` keep in contact , ' noah advised . 
 shree nodded and aíron smiled weakly . 
 ` let 's hope i find something . ' 
 dimal breathed out . 
 ` if not , we 'll be stuck here with these blasted crilshans until we starve . 
 or worse , they find us . ' 
 chapter thirty-one anna berenguer forced her eyes open . 
 her head throbbed painfully . 
 her stomach was executing summersaults . 
 she gagged at the thought that it was only because she was so hungry . 
 stretching , she attempted to remember where she was . 
 it was only as she sat up , however , that she realised she was not actually sitting at all . 
 a slack black belt hugged her belly , holding her down against the metal floor . 
 her legs floated in the air before her , while her arms -- wait , no -- her whole body hovered as though she were in -- ` space ! ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 came a voice . 
 ` we 're in space ! ' 
 she cried aloud . 
 ` wayta ' catch up , annie . ' 
 ` jon ? ' 
 she said . 
 ` gílana ? ' 
 across the low-ceilinged opening she saw them , also floating in the middle of the room . 
 they straightened themselves up and pushed off from the wall , gliding effortlessly towards her . 
 ` what happened ? 
 where are we ? ' 
 ` you do n't remember ? ' 
 jon asked . 
 ` i remember running . 
 i remember crawling through a tunnel . 
 i remember holding gílana ... and i ... i hit my head . ' 
 ` you did , ' he said . 
 ` really hard , ' gílana added , patting her own . 
 ` even harder than me ! ' 
 ` but we made it ? 
 we definitely made it ? ' 
 ` barely , ' jon said . 
 ` the gate gave way just in time . ' 
 ` next stop mars then , ' she said with a laugh . 
 * * * it had been such a relief to discover they had made it onboard the vessel . 
 jon and gílana had dragged anna 's unconscious body through from the shuttlecraft and into the great vessel 's empty dock . 
 from there they had lugged her down into the desolate depths of the ship , isolated and unseen . 
 managing to survive the launch of the shuttlecraft on titan was one thing , but the three were quickly faced with a considerably more dismal problem . 
 as far as anna was concerned , running out of food so fast would be the most embarrassing way to meet her demise . 
 but their food and water had indeed almost run out , mainly due to the unexpected addition of gílana and the fact that only one small bag had made it onto the trip with them . 
 their situation was desperate . 
 hunger was a more stubborn companion than gílana had become . 
 the youngest berenguer groaned beside her big sister and jon told her to stop whining . 
 but even he had his gripes . 
 of blatant importance was the fact that they had no gravity . 
 anna explained to the others that artificial gravity was an extremely hard state to maintain ; she recalled from her studies that there were sensors planted throughout the vessels which identified when a member of the crew was in a certain section , area , or room . 
 ` and if there is n't , ' she said , ` then the room shuts down and power is rerouted . ' 
 ` but there is someone in here , ' jon reminded her for the sixtieth time . 
 ` yes , ' anna said . 
 ` but not a member of the crew . 
 perhaps they have n't realised anyone 's down here . ' 
 and by perhaps she meant hopefully . 
 they had done well to strap themselves down whenever they rested or slept . 
 anna had her belt , gílana a disconnected power cable , and jon a torn off section of his shirt . 
 so far they had been just fine , though gílana had been sick a couple of times . 
 ` will we have enough oxygen ? ' 
 jon asked again . 
 ` do n't worry , ' she told him . 
 ` it 's much easier to keep oxygen running throughout the whole vessel than to control and cut it off . ' 
 ` but wo n't we ... ' ` wo n't what ? ' 
 ` you know , ' he said , anxiously . 
 ` go dizzy , or fall unconscious or ... or anything like that ? ' 
 ` not if we keep ourselves active . 
 i 'm sure that 's what we were told at the institute . 
 we need to spend time keeping our muscles and bones in use . 
 otherwise we 'll just float about , useless . ' 
 if there was anything anna felt , however , it was useless . 
 over the next twenty-four hours , though without a way to tell they could not be sure of the day or time , they became more and more disorientated . 
 despite taking plenty rest , the three felt increasingly drained -- or , as gílana termed it , `` flimsy . '' 
 while not as bad as gílana , and despite doing what exercise they could make themselves do , anna and jon soon began to feel the effects of zero gravity . 
 nausea , insomnia , and frequent headaches quickly kicked in , and after what felt like several days , though it could have been a little less or indeed many more , they had all become so restless that anna considered leaving their hideaway to see what news she could find . 
 jon put a stop to that idea right away . 
 on top of all of that , she could not stop herself from worrying about her uncle . 
 they were on their way to freedom , leaving behind the war and strife ; she only wished that she had left a message behind . 
 who knew how her uncle had reacted , or even if he had survived the attack at all ? 
 on the fifth night since their departure from titan , anna forced herself once again to ignore her regrets and worries , and she attached her belt around her middle , closed her eyes , and slept . 
 * * * ` i do n't know what to say . ' 
 anna put her arm around her sister . 
 ` the log jon hacked into said we 'd be making for an outpost overlooking the martian colony on mars . 
 i had hoped we could skip onto a vessel heading for earth from there . ' 
 ` and how long should it take us to reach this outpost ? ' 
 gílana asked , more weary than she had been thus far . 
 the following day was just like the last : they sat and spoke , ate a little , exercised , and then slept again . 
 ` only a couple of days . ' 
 ` i wish we knew how many it 's been , ' she said . 
 ` we should be there by now . 
 jon 's messed up again ! ' 
 ` i am here , ' jon said , drifting above them with his legs straightened out and his hands behind his head . 
 ` lucky us , ' gílana mumbled . 
 ` but you know what i mean . 
 what if we 're not even heading for mars ? ' 
 ` you think we 've not considered that ? ' 
 anna said . 
 gílana leaned away . 
 ` it 's just too bad he could n't have figured out this was a bad idea before he brought you and me along ! ' 
 ` again , still here . ' 
 he floated to the other side of the rectangular room , as though travelling lengths in an elongated swimming bath . 
 anna bit her lip and leaned in close to her little sister . 
 she would have had to tell her the truth eventually . 
 ` gílana , i ... i was going to go with him anyway . ' 
 ` you were what ?! 
 how could you ? 
 leave me and uncle ruben alone ... leave me on my own ? 
 you 're meant to be my big sister ! ' 
 anna did not reply . 
 she was right . 
 there was nothing she could say ; not even sorry would cut it . 
 she glanced up , expecting jon to move over and join in . 
 but he was n't there . 
 ` jon ? ' 
 she unfastened her belt , rising from the ground as she did so , tightened it up , and placed it back around her waist . 
 together the two sisters drifted across the room toward the place jon had disappeared . 
 ` jon ? 
 jon , stop fooling around . ' 
 ` i do n't feel very well , ' gílana said . 
 ` go back then , sis . ' 
 ` and be on my own ? 
 i do n't think so . ' 
 at the end of the room there hung down great pipes , dark and oppressive , and the girls held onto them , pulling themselves along . 
 pitch-black tunnels led through into many more . 
 a thought occurred to anna at that point . 
 ` you know what ? ' 
 she said . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` we 've been talking about how we 've not reached the martian colony . 
 but down here , so deep , how would we even know if we had ? ' 
 gílana went to reply . 
 but anna was right . 
 maybe they were already there . 
 maybe they had arrived and left again , and the stowaways had been none the wiser -- ` arghhh ! ' 
 burst a cry from around the corner . 
 the girls would have jumped , had they been able . 
 instead anna kicked out with both feet , booting jon hard in the jaw . 
 ` wow ! 
 it 's only me , ' he said , massaging his chin and laughing . 
 ` i know it is ! ' 
 ` you fool ! ' 
 gílana said . 
 ` that 's not funny ! ' 
 ` of course it is , ' he said , and he took anna 's arm . 
 ` you wo n't believe what i 've found ! ' 
 jon led them along the darkened tunnel , through the hidden bowels of the interstellar vessel . 
 everything was silent , like the ship had been abandoned . 
 all life was above them . 
 no one ventured down amid the dark . 
 eventually jon stopped . 
 a small door with an even smaller window presented another compartment . 
 when he forced the unbolted door open all three landed on their feet , then fell at once to their knees , unable to stand . 
 cool air swept past their faces and anna sighed with relief . 
 the new compartment allowed for a limited view out into the depths of space ; the reinforced windows , several metres thick , meant the three would at least see the pale light of the sun through the endless blanket of stars . 
 it was all so beautiful . 
 anna crawled across the floor and caught her breath before she could speak . 
 it was ... unbelievable . 
 she had made it . 
 she pictured her fellow students , back at the institute , studying so that they could travel out among the stars . 
 but she was already there . 
 jon , however , did not seem so ecstatic . 
 in fact , if anything , he looked panicked . 
 and very quickly it dawned on her just why . 
 it was gílana who said it first . 
 ` the sun is so far away , ' she said softly . 
 ` she 's right , ' jon said . 
 he shot her an alarming look . 
 ` we 're so far away . 
 i think we 've made a mistake . ' 
 ` we have to give ourselves up , ' gílana said . 
 ` no chance ! 
 do you have any idea what 'd happen if we were caught ? 
 you two are the `` great general 's '' nieces ! 
 you 'll get off lightly . 
 it 's me that 'd get it full throttle ! ' 
 ` i do n't care ! 
 you both wanted to run away from everything . 
 i did n't want to be here ! ' 
 jon punched the hull 's metal interior . 
 ` i saved your life ! ' 
 ` you deserve whatever comes to you , ' gílana shouted , falling to the floor , sobbing . 
 ` i did n't ask for this ! ' 
 without warning she doubled up on her knees , coughing and spluttering , and vomit poured across the grated floor . 
 with some effort anna picked herself up and walked to the other side of the compartment , and resting against the wall held her head in her hands . 
 jon simply looked out of the window , deadened . 
 just like the other two : now fearful , not only for their futures , but their very lives . 
 chapter thirty-two ` yes , yes , yes ! ' 
 araman alwar cried as he hastened along the narrow corridors of erebus station . 
 he dodged two passing science officers and yelled his apology without stopping , the message from commander lesper still ringing in his ears . 
 he reached justus ' door and forced the door open . 
 ` knock , knock ! ' 
 his face flushed deeply as he stood in the opening . 
 antal justus cursed and avéne ketrass , lay undressed in the bed beside him , threw a pillow in his direction . 
 araman ducked the flying sack of feathers and spun , slamming the door behind him . 
 ` well that 's interesting , ' he said with a smile as the two emerged from the room several minutes later . 
 justus caught his eye and grinned . 
 ` oh , of course , ' ketrass replied , tying her hair into a bun at the back . 
 ` not at all embarrassing ! 
 perhaps you 'll try the knock-and-wait method next time . ' 
 ` trust me , there 'll be no next time , ' he said . 
 ` i 'll stay down in my workshop and go down to section six myself when lesper calls again . ' 
 ketrass ' attention left her hair and fixed upon araman . 
 ` now 's not the time to joke , ' she said . 
 ` i 'm not joking . 
 i received a message from commander lesper and came straight here . 
 he wants us to meet him . ' 
 ` who ? ' 
 ` all three of us . ' 
 ` okay . 
 where ? ' 
 araman took a deep breath and steadied himself . 
 ` just as i said : section six . ' 
 * * * ` five years ! ' 
 shouted ketrass . 
 ` five bloody years ! ' 
 ` err , ten here , ' araman said . 
 ` i do n't care , ' she said , leading the way down a series of ladder-wells descending into the depths of the station . 
 ` it 's about time i got to see what 's down here . 
 i 've worked hard enough ! ' 
 ` yes , and you 're not the only one , avéne . ' 
 ` fair enough . 
 we 've worked hard enough . ' 
 ` i still do n't understand , though . 
 why now ? ' 
 he looked back at justus . 
 ` that decides it : either they 've found something or they 're shutting down the operation entirely ! ' 
 ` they would n't do that , ' justus said . 
 ` would they ? ' 
 araman observed the disappointment in his eyes . 
 it had been only three days since their first meeting , but he liked the new company . 
 sure , antal justus was no match for the old captain , but he was happy with the replacement all the same . 
 justus had visited him twice in the last three days . 
 at first they had spoken only of erebus , but later he had enlightened the new captain on how to approach professor xerin kramer when he would eventually meet him . 
 cut off from the systems for so long , araman had been keen to hear news of the escalating conflict with the dishan alliance and the alignment . 
 according to justus darkness and war had continued to creep back into the systems in the last decade , and because no one on the station was allowed news of the outside world through any means other than commander lesper or professor kramer , word of what had been happening between the dishan and those in opposition to its regime had gone unheard for a long time . 
 araman had felt very much in the dark for so long now , and if not for the frequent visits from the old captain , and now justus , he thought he might have gone mad . 
 ` five bloody years , ' ketrass muttered , in the lead as they passed through sets of darkened doors , entering various vaults secured inside and out by the sternest-looking guards araman had laid eyes upon . 
 currently they all bore typical titanese coilbolts , which he assumed were now standard among the alignment , but very soon they would each possess the same coiled weapons as the one he had presented the captain with . 
 as the three approached , he watched their hands move to the hilts of the coils ; old , gloved , undaunted hands . 
 the elite station soldiers were down around section six , but for what reason he could only hope he was about to find out . 
 they continued lower , the light ebbing away , replaced by the growing feeling of despair . 
 it was very much as it had been when he had first witnessed the brink of the black labyrinth ; by his reckoning they could n't have been too far from the same depth on this side of the station . 
 they reached the end of the lowest tunnel and araman turned sharply . 
 he stared at the two before him , and concentrated on justus . 
 ` one moment , ' he said . 
 ` have you told him , avéne ? ' 
 ` told me what ? ' 
 justus asked . 
 ` oh , ' she said . 
 ` i thought you would . ' 
 ` tell me what ? ' 
 araman cleared his throat . 
 ` why would i ? 
 we should do it now , do n't you think ? ' 
 ` tell me wha -- ' ` shhh ! ' 
 they said together . 
 ` just do it , ' she said . 
 ` oh , fine . ' 
 araman looked to justus . 
 ` you see , antal . 
 professor kramer . 
 he is n't exactly what you 'd call ... correct . ' 
 ` correct ? ' 
 ketrass said , laughing . 
 ` shhh ! 
 yes , correct 's the word i meant . 
 you see , antal , this place . 
 it does things to you . 
 xerin kramer was n't exactly normal anyway , by today 's standards at least , but he 's -- ' ` what are you doing out here ? ' 
 the heavy , reinforced hatch groaned open behind them and lesper stood in the doorway . 
 ` we were -- ' ketrass began . 
 ` never mind ! 
 come on , get inside here . 
 come on ! ' 
 the three locked eyes in anticipation and followed the commander within . 
 what waited inside , however , none would have guessed . 
 deep below the surface of the station and the black asteroid , and submerged in the cold air which ebbed away at a man 's dark thoughts , section six was one enormous , solitary room . 
 large and lacking any proper light , the obscure darkness seemed intensified ten-fold . 
 lesper walked around a blinking metal panel and stopped beside another man , stood with his back to them , a long , dark lab coat draped over his shoulders . 
 the man turned slowly and without a word . 
 ketrass , who worked closely with xerin kramer on occasion , stayed where she was . 
 araman , however , led justus forward . 
 professor kramer eyed justus as they approached . 
 araman had meant to warn him not to stare at kramer 's facial covering : a metal half mask he loathed anybody looking at . 
 covering almost half of the professor 's face was a rigid plate of black metal , fashioned with sinister carvings and fastened to his head by steel screws drilled into the left portion of his jaw , cheek , and forehead . 
 but justus did not seem at all disturbed . 
 in fact he seemed grimmer than he had thus far . 
 upon seeing the three visitors kramer 's mouth hung open , revealing a lower set of uneven teeth , surrounded by a neatly-trimmed beard of white and black hair , and a pale face which rivalled justus himself . 
 araman had always looked up to kramer in a strange way ; he was candid , and while maybe not always diplomatic it was clear he cared about what they were doing here . 
 ` professor , ' araman said , ` this is captain antal jus -- ' ` yes i am well aware of who he is , thank you , alwar , ' kramer snapped , and he looked intensely at justus , searching out any worth in the man . 
 to araman 's surprise justus did the same , not speaking a word , simply staring . 
 ` i 've heard a great deal about you , antal , ' kramer said at last , and araman watched his gaze flicker , just for a second , towards ketrass . 
 ` i 'm honoured by your attention , ' justus replied . 
 ` i can see myself in you , captain , ' he said . 
 ` you are , unlike others , not self-interested . 
 you 're shrouded in doubt , in allure . ' 
 he glanced in araman 's direction . 
 ` that is of course the principal reason for mine and the commander 's choice to invite you here . 
 you are , let us say , indispensable-yet-unmissed . ' 
 ` oh , i 'm pretty sure i 'm missed , ' justus retorted , parrying the professor 's underhand jab . 
 a smirk issued from the visible corner of kramer 's mouth . 
 ` perhaps . 
 but not by anyone who matters . ' 
 ` did you invite us down here for a chat , professor , or is there something you want us to see ? ' 
 kramer ignored him and turned to araman and ketrass . 
 ` we called you down here because the wheel of providence has been set in motion . 
 something has happened which can not be ignored , nor held secret . 
 there is no turning back from what we are about to show you . ' 
 the three visitors remained silent . 
 ` you have to be sure , ' lesper said . 
 ` each of you must be certain you wish to know this revelation . 
 if you are n't then leave now and never speak of coming here to anyone , ever . ' 
 no one moved . 
 ` good , then let 's get on with it , ' kramer said . 
 lesper nodded and marched over to a control panel set in the darkest portion of the room . 
 reducing all light to the slightest shimmer he revealed an armoured row of metal hatches , all along the far wall and embedded into the black rock from which section six was deliberately carved . 
 araman counted sixteen hatches . 
 ` what are they ? ' 
 ketrass asked . 
 kramer smirked . 
 ` not the question you should be asking , avéne my dear . ' 
 ` what 's inside ? ' 
 justus said . 
 kramer nodded , contented , then he pushed down a lever and the first metal hatch was raised . 
 behind was a clear screen , and behind that : darkness . 
 araman stepped forward ; his breathing deepened and his heart thudded against his ribs . 
 it was a pen . 
 an enclosure . 
 a cage . 
 something was in there ; he could feel it . 
 justus and ketrass moved to his side and the three gazed within . 
 they could make out in the murky light something contained : a large form which they all felt staring back . 
 lesper paced nearby . 
 ` what you are about to witness will change the way you see ... everything . ' 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 ketrass whispered . 
 he glanced at her . 
 ` look away if you do n't want to see . ' 
 no one looked away . 
 ` do n't blink if you wish to see it properly , ' kramer said . 
 ` light is harmful to it . 
 we can only turn it on for a fraction of a second . ' 
 araman braced himself and kramer flicked the switch . 
 light burst on and then off , and all three fell back at the sight before them , and covered their ears from the blood-curdling hiss the likes of which no human or creature thus far witnessed could even dream of making . 
 ketrass fell to her knees and araman froze . 
 the creature within , which was large and lean and bearing bone as black as the rock of erebus itself , was a horned demon . 
 a tight fence of teeth packed into a pointed snout , while many chilling spikes protruded from its head . 
 araman looked across and saw both kramer and lesper smirking at their reaction . 
 the others said nothing , and ketrass held onto justus , dragging herself up in a stunned silence . 
 ` where did it come from ? ' 
 justus asked . 
 lesper breathed in . 
 ` the creature you just witnessed we found within the black labyrinth three months ago . 
 it is a species unimaginable . 
 dark and ... and ... well , we are still adjusting ourselves . ' 
 suddenly araman wanted to get out of section six , immediately . 
 out of section six and away from the black-rock moon . 
 things on erebus were more sinister than he could ever have imagined . 
 ` speak of this to no one other than the professor and myself , ' lesper said quietly as the metal hatch closed again , sealing the creature within . 
 ` so the light actually harms it ? ' 
 justus asked . 
 ` that 's what we said , ' kramer replied . 
 ` and that 's where the need for coils comes in ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 anything else you want to know ? ' 
 ` how many do you have ? ' 
 araman asked . 
 ` we journeyed into the labyrinth , ' kramer said . 
 ` but not far . 
 we brought fifteen of them back with us . 
 ` f ... fifteen ?! ' 
 ketrass stammered . 
 ` yes , fifteen . 
 all were in a kind of hibernated state ; it was only after moving them that they began to show awareness , movement , and unparalleled hostility . ' 
 ` and neither of us thought it necessary to return until we know what we 're dealing with , ' lesper added . 
 ` what about that one ? ' 
 ketrass pointed to the cage at the far end . 
 ` which one ? ' 
 ` the sixteenth cage . ' 
 above the enclosure was imprinted a word and a number : subject 16 lesper hesitated again . 
 ` oh , that . ' 
 ` you said you brought fifteen of them back with you . 
 but there 're sixteen cages . 
 so what 's in that one ? ' 
 lesper hesitated , and kramer stepped forward . 
 ` you do n't need to know . ' 
 ` you called us down here , ' justus said . 
 ` you wanted to show us your little project . 
 so show us . ' 
 ` no . ' 
 kramer cleared his throat . 
 ` i do n't think so . 
 you three have important roles within the station . 
 all of you need to know about this because very soon you may be called upon . 
 but i still decide what you need to know . ' 
 ketrass bowed her head ; shaking and cold she continued to clutch justus ' arm . 
 ` p ... professor , ' she said . 
 ` you 've had them for three months . 
 you 've had ample time to begin studying the species . 
 what do you think it is ? ' 
 ` i 'm afraid , ' kramer said , ` we still do n't know . 
 but we call it the beast . ' 
 chapter thirty-three ` hold it there ! ' 
 adra dimal stopped moving , kept her head down , and grasped the firearm beneath her coat . 
 the large rotavarian at the head of the kondogopan checkpoint , now inspecting everyone leaving and entering the capital city , waved her over . 
 releasing her blaster she left the queue of men and women and approached the border guard . 
 ` is it true ? ' 
 she asked him . 
 ` kondogopas is liberated ? ' 
 the rotavarian nodded , a portable data device resting in his hand . 
 ` so it seems . 
 there are sixteen out there still up for grabs , though . 
 that 's where i come in . 
 business in kondogopas ? ' 
 ` pleasure . ' 
 ` what pleasure ? ' 
 ` would n't you like to know ? ' 
 ` it 's my job to know . ' 
 ` looking out for crilshan agents ? ' 
 ` looking out for any sort of threat , ma’am . ' 
 ` less of the ma’am , please . ' 
 ` paperwork ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` i have none . 
 dastardly crilshans took them all . 
 the swine ! ' 
 she hid her smirk . 
 ` world of origin ? ' 
 he tapped his finger on the screen several times . 
 ` earth , ' she lied . 
 ` earth ? 
 what are you doing all the way out here ? ' 
 ` sightseeing . 
 i 'm stranded . 
 do you know of a way off world ? ' 
 ` with those crilshan turrets they have in kulikovo i would n't suggest risking it . ' 
 ` gotcha ' . ' 
 ` well , ' he said , placing his device away , ` from what i can see you do not qualify for entry into kondogopas at this time . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 she shouted . 
 ` you must remain here , ma’am . ' 
 ` is n't there some sort of arrangement we could come to ? ' 
 ` i 'm afraid not . ' 
 dimal smiled , coy and bereaved . 
 ` i 'd do anything , sir . 
 anything . ' 
 he looked her up and down , the sweat dripping down his forehead . 
 ` i suppose you could ... maybe ... help me out . ' 
 ` lead on . ' 
 he escorted her to a nearby tent . 
 it was empty but for stores of armour , uniforms , and food rations . 
 the rotavarian zipped up the entryway and turned . 
 dimal remained where she was , coat covering her body . 
 he moved slowly towards her and took her wrist , spinning her into a shelving display . 
 she moaned and laughed , and he moved to pull her coat from her . 
 ` do i get to see what 's under here ? ' 
 ` i thought you 'd never ask . ' 
 he pulled her coat away , revealing her blaster as she flicked it on to stun and pulled the trigger . 
 chapter thirty-four ` gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! ' 
 anna recoiled . 
 she leapt up . 
 her heart thumped , that terrifying word filling her mind as though somebody had been screaming it into her ear as she slept . 
 the orb burned before her and the pale man stood watching . 
 always watching . 
 she had hoped the nightmares would stop once she had left the bubble of her old home . 
 how wrong she had been . 
 jon snored beside her . 
 it was nice not having to tie themselves down to rest , and the exhausted traveller glanced out at the stunning view of space , before lying back down , stomach rumbling , and drifting back off . 
 this time , however , she slept a calm , dreamless sleep , unknowing of the fact it would be the last one she would have for a very long time . 
 jon woke her the following morning ; or at least what felt like morning in space . 
 she yawned widely and sat up , grinning . 
 but jon looked petrified . 
 he was pale and beset with dread . 
 ` what 's wrong ? ' 
 she asked , glancing around to see gílana stirring beside her . 
 jon could hardly speak . 
 ` it 's ... it 's just ... look ... ' she pulled herself up from the cold metal floor and gasped as she stared out of the porthole at a city in smoke . 
 black , towering buildings were visible through thick columns of suffocating smog . 
 fire and battle and ... ` this is n't mars . ' 
 ` no , ' he said . 
 ` it 's not . ' 
 ` how could this have happened ? ' 
 ` i ... i do n't ... i was so sure . ' 
 ` how long should it have taken to reach the martian colony ? ' 
 she whispered , not wishing to frighten her sister . 
 she took hold of his hand as he stood beside her . 
 ` depending on how urgent the cargo was ... gosh , i do n't know ... one , two days , max . ' 
 ` well it 's definitely been longer than that ! ' 
 ` i know . ' 
 ` then where are we ? ' 
 ` judging from the length of our journey ... hell , i do n't know ... i think , maybe ... we could be on one of the outer worlds of the third or fourth system for all i know . ' 
 ` yes , but which one ? ' 
 ` we 're on rotavar , ' whispered a cold voice behind them . 
 the two spun . 
 dark eyes gazed at them from the shadows . 
 the figure stood still . 
 a blade rested in his hand and he held a terrified gílana up against him . 
 the barbed blade cut into her neck . 
 ` let her go ! ' 
 anna said . 
 jon spun on the spot as another figure emerged from the shadows behind . 
 he knocked the two apart and kicked jon hard in the stomach . 
 ` pultzer , ' snapped the man , stepping out of the gloom and holding a blaster aimed at them . 
 ` stand still , children . ' 
 ` gordian , ' anna breathed through gritted teeth , watching the scar stretch across his face . 
 ` this is the colony known as rotavar , ' he repeated . 
 ` first colony of the fourth system . 
 and , ironically , the first to fall . 
 it appears my people have had more success here than i did on titan . 
 samos will be next , and enustine after that . ' 
 ` titan is n't destroyed ? ' 
 a fragment of hope filled her exhausted mind . 
 the crilshan stepped forwards again , pointing the blaster at jon 's forehead . 
 now she could see him in the light he looked just like the crilshans she had seen and heard about , but never in person . 
 he was sallow and sinister , and grinned wickedly , stretching the scar he bore across his cheek and lips further round his lean face . 
 the other crilshan smirked too , and took hold of gílana , holding his own blade up to her sister 's exposed throat . 
 it was shaped much like a coilbolt , except it was longer , and by the looks of it meant for hand-to-hand combat , displaying smaller spikes all along the twisted edges . 
 ` you must be young anna berenguer , ' gordian said . 
 ` at last . 
 a pleasure to meet you . ' 
 ` drop dead . ' 
 gordian laughed . 
 ` now do as i say and your sister will be fine . 
 you 're going to come with me , and we 're all going to walk on down to the command centre . ' 
 ` and then what ? ' 
 jon asked angrily . 
 ` then i 'm going destroy this vessel and the city it resides in , and leave the crew out there with the snivelling populace of this dead rock . ' 
 he nodded to the large crilshan who , as though reading gordian 's mind , released gílana and walked over to jon , took out another , smaller blade , and plunged it deep into jon 's chest . 
 anna screamed . 
 a heavy hand struck a blow across her face . 
 dazed , she could see gílana helplessly struggling and jon collapse on the deck beside her , clutching his bleeding wound . 
 ` come , ' snarled gordian , taking her by the hair and pulling her along the ground . 
 it was n't happening . 
 it was all part of her nightmare . 
 she was about to wake and it would be over . 
 but as the two cursed men dragged the girls away , the faint sound of a voice calling her name as she fought , tears streamed down her face and anna knew it was all real . 
 she could n't breathe at the thought of jon 's agony and , collapsed in the crilshan 's arms , they dragged her away , unmoving and lifeless . 
 chapter thirty-five when the black barrages of crilshar first descended into the seventeen cities of rotavar , none would have imagined that life and freedom were options still left to the people . 
 but small bands had gathered , the militia mobilised quickly , and guerrilla-style fighting taken over . 
 the rotavarians knew their own land much more than the invaders , who had overconfidently sent their blockading force away to nearby enusti planetary systems , believing the invasion an unmitigated success . 
 edgar mokrikov was gone , but the rotavarian government survived , in part , as did a portion of the defence force . 
 one man fought harder than all others , and chief aleksey vasily sent bands to each city to muster what force could be gathered . 
 they focused on one city at a time and exchanged blows every second of every hour of every day . 
 and so the army fought and marched in this manner . 
 but for aleksey vasily the world would have fallen many weeks earlier . 
 the rotavarians were a strong people ; perhaps not in valour and prowess in battle , but in will and resolve they were unmatched . 
 and so the mighty vessel , the stellarstream , descended onto the landing strip in the centre of kondogopas ; and as before there were no drums or trumpets calling out in glorious salutation , but instead a vicious hail of fire from enemy camps in the nearby cities of thynia and svitoslav . 
 captain diego ferranti marched down the meeting platform , at the head of two dozen titanese guard , to be met by the leader of the defence . 
 black smoke soared high on every horizon . 
 the destruction caused by these invaders made the captain 's blood boil . 
 hell only knew how the people of the colony felt . 
 ` since the main force moved out two standard weeks ago , ' chief vasily told the newcomers , deep inside one of the city 's bunkers , ` which left a garrison of around three legions -- that 's roughly three thousand enemy combatants -- several cities have been reclaimed . 
 the northern regions of paroslav , kievan , kidarov , and kalkara have been liberated , as have our neighbours to the west : rurikida and ritova . 
 the majority to the east and south , nevertheless , remain enemy strongholds . ' 
 he sighed and closed his eyes , leaning on the chart-laden table ; his leg was bound up tight after what looked to have been a painful injury . 
 diego ferranti sat back in his chair on the front row and surveyed the young chief . 
 very strong for one so young , he thought . 
 the chief 's worn clothes and gaunt , unkempt appearance suggested severe lack of sleep and many weeks of relentless fighting . 
 not to mention the disfigured nose : a recent break if he knew one to look at . 
 before vasily could begin speaking again ferranti stood and strode up to the front of the group . 
 the chief wavered with fatigue in front of boards and projection screens layered with maps and task files . 
 he took his ally 's hand and firmly wrapped both of his around it . 
 ` you 've fought so hard these past weeks , ' he said , before turning to the whole room . 
 ` but you are no longer fighting this fight alone ! 
 my only regret is that it took so long for us to reach you . 
 i bring word from general ruben berenguer . 
 this force is here to honour the promise he made you . 
 rotavan ! ' 
 ` rotavan ! ' 
 the group cheered ; titanese and rotavarians together . 
 * * * -- come in , desert mule . 
 come in ... adra dimal flicked her comm on quietly . 
 the rotavarian soldiers sat around her were too busy watching the titanese captain and their own chief up at the front . 
 ` reading you , flux , ' she said . 
 ` i 'm sat in the briefing room now . 
 everything okay on the ship ? ' 
 -- that 's a yup , desert mule . 
 ` stop calling me desert mule ! 
 i 'm desert fox , remember ? ' 
 raj timbur giggled to himself over the comm . 
 -- it was noah 's idea , he said . 
 ` no names over this frequency . ' 
 -- what 's noah 's sign then ? 
 ` noah does n't have one . 
 stop saying his name ! ' 
 -- i do n't get one ? 
 the medic joined in . 
 ` noah , go away . 
 this is important . 
 if i do n't find out what 's going on , we 'll never get out of this bleedin ' desert ! ' 
 -- when you coming back ? 
 raj asked . 
 we ca n't stand it anymore . 
 ` give me one more day , okay ? ' 
 -- half a day . 
 ` fine . 
 i 'll be back before nightfall . 
 deal ? ' 
 -- okay . 
 bring some food back with you . 
 shree 's eaten our rations . 
 we 're starving ! 
 ` right . 
 we 'll talk later . 
 i have to go . ' 
 dimal turned the comm off , smiled in response to the probing look she was receiving from the woman sat nearby , and crossed her legs . 
 the rotavarians and titanese burst into applause again at the captain and the chief stood up front . 
 she tried to continue listening in , as she 'd been doing for the last few days . 
 she figured it was the only way to discover a way off rotavar . 
 and so there she sat , disguised in the emerald attire of the defence force ; with a long , thin coat and heavy green boots , she realised what she 'd been missing all these years . 
 justus would have been proud if he could see her now . 
 then again , if he could see her , she would n't be sitting there in the first place . 
 another round of applause and salutes . 
 according to the leaders up front , messengers had been sent to the free cities , and plans made for the liberation of the whole colony ; the titanese army had definitely inspired the ambitious goal . 
 they promised that the losses already suffered would be avenged , and together the chief and the captain made ready their strategy . 
 from what dimal gathered the greatest concentration of crilshan warriors was now in the vast city of kulikovo , situated to the south , just past the smaller cities of thynia and svitoslav . 
 by raiding the two towns the rotavarians and titanese believed it was possible to draw out the standing force in kulikovo and match their might in a pitched battle , ambushing the dark army in a pincer movement from the two captured cities . 
 ` the northern and western forces have been alerted , ' announced captain diego ferranti . 
 ` the defence force , alongside the militia that has so far come forward , has been prepared . 
 at my command the cherished star , now situated on the northern outskirts of kondogopas , has deployed its soldiers and artillery equipment to the southern side of the city . 
 there it will combine with the two-thousand men and women already gathered to fight . ' 
 chief vasily stood and the seated crowd rose too . 
 dimal , sensing that the room was about to empty , left her seat and made for the exit . 
 captain ferranti saluted the crowd . 
 ` get some sleep . 
 at dawn we strike . ' 
 dimal smiled . 
 no , no . 
 at dawn we escape . 
 chapter thirty-six a cold hand touched her face . 
 ` anna ! 
 wake up ! 
 anna , please ! ' 
 the terrified murmurs of her little sister roused her . 
 she looked up from the cold , metal floor and gazed around , believing at first that she was in the middle of a battle ; the sound of men shouting and cheering roared all around . 
 ` what 's happening ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` where are we ? 
 the viewing bridge ? ' 
 gílana shook her head . 
 ` the command station , at the centre of the ship . 
 they 're doing something . 
 i do n't know what . ' 
 gílana helped her up . 
 anna found that , like her little sister , her hands and feet had been bound precariously tight . 
 the sound was coming from outside the vessel , the roar of men and women picked up by transmission . 
 as the focal point of the vessel 's running , situated in the core of the ship for the greatest amount of protection , the control centre had no windows or portals ; the only way in and out was the secure gate which now lay besieged by the dozen bodies of the piloting crew , now unconscious or -- most likely -- dead . 
 the two crilshans were nowhere to be seen . 
 ` we need to get out of these things , ' anna whispered , aching for their abductors to stay away a little longer . 
 ` way ahead of you , ' gílana said , gesturing with her smaller-than-average wrists that she had already fought herself free . 
 she began to disentangle anna 's restraints when they heard grunts and footfalls approaching . 
 ` hurry ! ' 
 she said as gordian 's sonorous tone resonated throughout the control room . 
 but it was too late . 
 anna pushed her sister to the ground and left the unravelled cable around her wrists , falling to the floor and closing her eyes . 
 just in time . 
 footsteps entered the room . 
 she chanced a minor glance and saw they were just out of sight , hidden by a large control panel jutting out into the centre of the rounded room . 
 anna removed the cables from her arms and legs and peered around the metal panel . 
 the two crilshans were facing away , but a third voice could be heard , less gruff and a great deal more drained than the others . 
 her heart skipped a beat , believing at first that it was jon . 
 but she was wrong . 
 jon still lay in the dark bowels of the ship , bleeding slowly to death . 
 she had to get back to him . 
 but how ? 
 behind gordian and the other crilshan she could make out an elderly man , lying propped up against another panel . 
 he was not bound , but looked barely conscious and considerably bruised and bloodied . 
 gílana breathed heavily at anna 's side , watching the scene unfold . 
 ` now , ' gordian said , ` i 'll ask again . 
 tell me the sequence -- do n't look at me like that . 
 in fact do n't look at me at all ! 
 i know there 's a code . 
 and i know you know it . 
 so tell me -- ' ` or else what ? ' 
 the old man challenged . 
 ` what more can you do to me ? ' 
 ` you have no idea , old man . ' 
 ` there is nothing you can do to me now ! ' 
 gordian laughed loudly . 
 ` you titanese ! 
 such an overconfident race . 
 i need access to the ultimatter engine room -- ' ` for what ? ' 
 gordian leaned in and tapped the old man across the face . 
 ` i imagine , ' he said , ` that you know what would happen if i neutralised the ultimatter radiation contained within the engine of this vessel . ' 
 the old man 's face flushed an unsettling shade of white . 
 ` you ca n't ! ' 
 ` an ulti-mass ejection would destroy the entire city and every last one surrounding it . ' 
 ` over my dead body ! ' 
 ` preferably not , but i wo n't rule it out ! ' 
 ` if i do n't let you in there , there 's nothing you can do . ' 
 gordian laughed . 
 ` i thought you 'd say that , which is why i brought some ... inspiration for you . ' 
 he spun , his black gaze aimed in the sisters ' direction . 
 anna gasped . 
 his eyes sent a piercing chill , and drawing his blade from his side he swiftly sprang in their direction . 
 but as anna turned to move her sister out of the way she realised that gílana was already keying something into the command console behind which they had hidden . 
 ` help ! ' 
 gílana screamed into the receiver . 
 ` if you 're there , help us ! ' 
 gordian charged forwards . 
 ` return to the vessel ! 
 return to the v -- ' a heavy boot collided forcefully with gílana 's mid-section and she fell to the floor , winded and gasping for breath . 
 anna dropped to her side , arms around her , as gordian stood above them , blade in hand and rage in his eyes . 
 * * * a thousand soldiers swept through thynia , city of rotavar . 
 the sand-filled streets were black with ash and bloodied crimson . 
 debris lay strewn across the road , while heavy smoke poured from every third building . 
 ` the strangest sight , ' diego ferranti mumbled as he crept through , clutching the back of his neck in perplexed thought . 
 ` the strangest sight . ' 
 he holstered his coilbolt and lifted his comm device in an attempt once more to contact the stellarstream . 
 he could not get through . 
 ` captain ! ' 
 a beautiful , dark-skinned woman weaved her way through the well-spaced march of alert and resolute guard . 
 ` what is it , lieutenant ? ' 
 ` word from the cherished star , sir , ' she said , adjusting her belt . 
 ` take your time , avila , ' he said . 
 ` what word ? ' 
 ` it 's the legions . 
 they 've abandoned the eastern cities too ! ' 
 ferranti looked up at the smoke rising all around them . 
 his guard had stopped when he did , and subsequently spaced out , searching nearby huts and buildings . 
 but there was nothing . 
 no one . 
 no hint except for the devastation that it had been crilshans in their place mere hours earlier . 
 ` where have they gone , captain ? ' 
 ` what do you think , avila ? ' 
 ` i think we 're in for a surprise . ' 
 ` i think you 're right , ' he said , checking his comm once again for a signal from his vessel . 
 still nothing . 
 ` thank you , lieutenant . ' 
 avila joined him and they continued through the streets for several more minutes when at last the sound of a hovercraft drew near , and over the surrounding buildings appeared a smoking shuttle . 
 it settled uneasily and chief aleksey vasily stepped out . 
 surrounded by his own soldiers he hobbled forward and cried aloud , ` they 've gone , captain ! ' 
 ` gone ? ' 
 ` all gone . 
 we found no sign of them in svitoslav ; not in bunker or open structure . 
 only the prisoners they left behind . ' 
 ` and they are in good condition ? ' 
 ferranti asked . 
 ` a little worse for wear , ' vasily replied . 
 ` but they 'll be fine . ' 
 ` something 's not right , ' avila said . 
 ` red eyes never leave prisoners alive . ' 
 ` again , lieutenant , i think you 're right -- ' the ground at once shook beneath their feet . 
 they all turned , half-expecting an aerial assault , but instead they witnessed , many miles in the distance , several enormous enemy barrages climb over the horizon . 
 bright sunlight reflected from their dark hulls a blinding attack , but no harm came to the foes of crilshar , and the defence force and the guard cheered and cried in unbridled triumph . 
 the spiked sterns of the mammoth vessels were presented -- a sure sign that they were in the midst of retreating . 
 cheers and cries roared out . 
 but the captain and the chief waited some while longer before celebrating ; the threat from orbit was just as great , if not more so , than that on the ground . 
 and even when colony scans confirmed that the invading force had abandoned rotavarian space , neither of the two leaders seemed able to congratulate the other . 
 ferranti knew all too well that the armies of crilshar never retreated . 
 in hundreds of scenarios and clashes the armies of the dark race had never once turned tail and run ; they would sooner kill themselves than leave a war unwaged . 
 the chief must have recognised this as well because he too looked as doubtful and worried as his titanese counterpart . 
 whatever their reason for retreat , this change in tactic made ferranti rightly unnerved . 
 upon re-entering kondogopas , however , his worry was driven from his mind . 
 ` quiet ! 
 quiet ! ' 
 ferranti shouted at his men and he raised his comm device higher , attempting to make out the screaming voice . 
 ` oh , no . ' 
 -- help ! 
 if you 're there , help us ! 
 came a young girl 's voice . 
 return to the vessel ! 
 return to the v -- the line went dead . 
 * * * ` stupid girl ! ' 
 gordian threw anna out of the way and lifted gílana with one hand , launching her across the room and into the wall . 
 she landed , unmoving , beside the old , wheezing man . 
 ` they 'll come for you now ! ' 
 anna shouted from behind the panel . 
 soldiers ' replies could be heard on the receiver , confirming their return to the vessel and acknowledging that something was wrong . 
 ` the two of you ca n't take on everyone ! ' 
 to her surprise gordian simply laughed , as did the large crilshan stood at the room 's entrance . 
 ` i am in command of this vessel now , little girl , ' he said . 
 ` and to defend her from my enemies , full defences have been enabled . 
 they will not get back on board . ' 
 the scar-stretching smile filled his face , and he raised his blade until the cold , ridge-coiled metal stroked her skin . 
 ` but you two -- ' ` leave them alone ! ' 
 shrieked the old man . 
 gordian spun as the other crilshan held his blade to the man 's neck . 
 ` order me once more , ' he said , ` and pultzer will tear you a new breathing tube . 
 i 'll find another way into the engine . ' 
 the old man gulped , struggling to breathe in the cumbersome position he was held in . 
 gílana still was n't moving . 
 ` how are you going to get off the planet ? ' 
 anna asked , hoping to distract him , or at least keep him talking and give the guard a chance to get back inside . 
 surely there was something she could do . 
 ` if you destroy this ship and the surrounding city , what then ? ' 
 ` i would n't worry about that , little girl . ' 
 ` you ca n't think you would get away . 
 they 'll find you before you escape ! ' 
 she glanced down at the control panel , searching for something . 
 anything . 
 ` i would n't count on it . ' 
 gordian smiled . 
 ` look how easily i took this vessel ! ' 
 she looked down again . 
 nothing she could use . 
 ` it 's not yours yet , ' she said . 
 ` and there 'll be no point if you ca n't get inside the engine room . ' 
 ` a fair argument , ' he said with another uncomfortable sneer . 
 just when she was about to give up , anna 's hand found what she had been looking for . 
 a marker flashed up on the screen before her . 
 : : : : serenity coaching : : : : : : : : preferences : : : : she scrolled through the available options , and found exactly what she wanted : : : : : activate : : : : she looked back up into the face of her would-be killer . 
 this had better work ... ` but , ' gordian said , pulling a blaster from his coat and pointing it at her , ` you 're missing one vital point . 
 right now , at this very moment , there is no one here to stop me , but you . ' 
 his finger touched the trigger . 
 ` and me ! ' 
 anna 's heart leapt . 
 everyone turned to see the body of the large crilshan fall to the ground , a knife protruding from the back of his neck . 
 behind him , staggering , weak , and pale , stood jon . 
 ` impressive , ' gordian said , watching pultzer fall and aiming the blaster in jon 's direction . 
 ` i do n't think so ! ' 
 anna pushed the switch before her . 
 at once the brightest burst of light appeared from behind her . 
 streaks of burning sunlight surged throughout the room . 
 gordian cried aloud and staggered back , blinded and covering his face . 
 anna seized her moment and threw herself at the crilshan , driving him backward over the central control panel and slamming onto the ground behind it with him . 
 she reached back for the dropped firearm , but could not reach . 
 gordian struck out at her , but the old man nearby grasped the blade and slammed the hilt into gordian 's skull , knocking him out cold . 
 without thinking anna charged across the room and held jon as he lay on his back , staring into the light . 
 he had come for her ; he had saved her life and the lives of everybody out there . 
 but there was nobody to save him . 
 he struggled to speak as he lingered on the brink . 
 the dazzling sunrise , a projection of the serenity coaching program , appeared across the wall over a deserted horizon . 
 the light reflected in his eyes as they gazed into anna 's . 
 and there she saw it : the calm , the same blissful silence as there had always been between them . 
 anna did n't need to say anything , caught in that instant which lasted forever . 
 his face was white , his lips blue , and he spoke . 
 ` gílana ... i ... we ... ' ` what ? ' 
 she said , sobbing . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 ` gílana ... ' and he was gone . 
 his eyes remained open , staring past anna at the sun-drenched ceiling , vacant and frozen like the gap between worlds . 
 anna threw herself against his blood-covered chest , holding him close , and sobbing uncontrollably . 
 it was all her fault . 
 she had killed the man she loved . 
 chapter thirty-seven the disturbing gong of a dull and aching bell rang four times . 
 in the haunting darkness , and paired with the blasting rhythm of a serene string orchestra , it would have been inaudible but for constantine lesper 's unmatched sense of hearing . 
 the commander loved nothing more than relaxing in the pitch-black and playing the music which was so adored back on earth . 
 the new renaissance there had uncovered so many wonderful joys of humanity 's past ; and he found nothing beckoned him home more than such little comforts as the mood and tone of a cunning concerto . 
 arising from his large chair he turned off the music and walked across the room to kneel before his master . 
 he should have known better than to relax so heavily knowing today was the day his córonat called . 
 he never missed a meeting and he was certainly never late . 
 lesper did n't look at the image which now projected into the room with him . 
 it was better if he did n't look . 
 ` commander . ' 
 the voice of the córonat rattled through him . 
 ` i trust all is well on erebus . ' 
 lesper took a deep breath . 
 ` all is well , córonat . ' 
 a shiver flew down his spine . 
 ` your lack of communication suggests your mission on rotavar was a success . ' 
 ` i obtained the journal , as you asked . ' 
 ` and it has been destroyed ? 
 you did not read it ? ' 
 ` i neither read nor opened it , ' lesper said . 
 ` it has been burned . ' 
 again he held his head down and bit his lip . 
 his tone of voice had held firm ; the córonat would n't know it in fact remained intact , sitting on the shelf close by . 
 he did not speak rovaña , but had skimmed through the diary . 
 it truly appeared to be nothing more than a diary . 
 but why did n't the córonat want attention drawn to any connection between him and the prime minister of rotavar ? 
 what could edgar mokrikov know that would be so threatening to the mighty shade before him ? 
 ` and what of your true mission ? ' 
 the córonat uttered . 
 ` do you have the boy ? ' 
 lesper smiled . 
 he knew he 'd done well . 
 ` it was not hard to persuade him to come with me , ' he said . 
 ` i only had to mention the word threat and he was mine . ' 
 lesper chose not to tell him that he had also used the boy to take the diary . 
 that would be too great-a-risk . 
 ` so , is it him ? ' 
 ` there is a certain likeness , ' lesper replied . 
 ` but as you wisely considered yourself , he would have been a fool not to reconstruct his appearance , or in fact modify his own memories so as to avoid all possible types of detection . 
 if peter mar -- ' lesper cut the phrase short . 
 he realised his mistake as soon as he had made it . 
 he glanced upward as a dreadfully cold wind seemed to fill the room , and he thought the silver-masked figure would suffocate him with his metallic stare . 
 ` if the forgotten one were to make himself forget he had the gift , he clearly would be unable to use it , ' he said , attempting to compensate for his error . 
 ` that is my thought , ' answered the masked-creature after the briefest of silences , ` but also my fear . 
 it would make finding him all the more difficult . ' 
 ` then we are agreed ? ' 
 ` yes , ' his córonat said . 
 ` test the boy , and we shall see from there where the path of this one lies . ' 
 chapter thirty-eight rotavar was free . 
 or as free as a ruined world could be , for today at least . 
 but one thing above all was as clear as the kondogopan sky to aleksey vasily as he stood at the fire-damaged entrance to ex-prime minister mokrikov 's office . 
 it was not over . 
 an orphan from birth , vasily had always endeavoured to help others . 
 he accepted no reward , nor any advancement up the ranks . 
 down in the sand with the people of rotavar is where he belonged . 
 though not an obvious choice , edgar mokrikov had persuaded him to act as a chief of the defence force after he 'd taken part in several military games . 
 vasily had only accepted because it was the prime minister who had asked . 
 but his position changed nothing . 
 he was a servant of rotavar and its people . 
 nothing more . 
 he walked to the broken terrace , past the glass-littered carpet and damaged metal desk , and stared at the city . 
 in the distance he could see the kondogopan landing strip , by which various crafts had been taking off all morning . 
 free again . 
 largest stood the titanese vessel . 
 the massacre on board had been terrible to hear of , but the chief had pledged whatever assistance he could deliver to captain ferranti . 
 it was the least he could do . 
 though help from titan had arrived too late and too few , he appreciated the effort . 
 not that it had helped . 
 it was he who had made the sacrifice . 
 it was he who had saved his people . 
 it was he who had purged rotavar of the crilshan plague . 
 a cold wind drifted through the office . 
 his thoughts raced ; his heart beat riotously . 
 ` aleksey vasily . 
 i trust all is well on rotavar . ' 
 vasily did not turn . 
 he continued to stare out at the smoke in the distance . 
 ` all is ... as you wanted it , ' he replied . 
 the image of the córonat burned in the back of his mind . 
 ` you did as instructed ? ' 
 he breathed in deep . 
 ` i ... did . 
 after your fleet withdrew i ... found your assassin . 
 he 's onboard the stellarstream . ' 
 ` you freed him ? ' 
 ` no , i ... i gave him the tools to free himself ... when he is ready . 
 it was his idea , his choice . ' 
 ` and now your world is free . 
 if you wish for it to remain that way you will carry out one more task . ' 
 vasily bowed his head , placed his hands in his pockets . 
 ` the stellarstream wo n't be leaving for some days yet , ' he said . 
 ` once things have been arranged and the bodies of their victims dealt with . ' 
 ` but your errand will not wait . ' 
 ` no . ' 
 ` you have saved your people . 
 crilshar has left your world . 
 now you will honour your part of the bargain . ' 
 vasily pulled his hands from his pockets and unfolded the small , handwritten letter . 
 the letter he had managed to take the night antal justus stole mokrikov 's journal . 
 ` that letter , ' said the córonat , ` written by mokrikov for ruben berenguer , will be delivered immediately . 
 personally . 
 you must bring him to me . 
 then i will destroy him . ' 
 vasily closed his eyes . 
 he was a servant of rotavar and its people . 
 nothing more . 
 chapter thirty-nine captain antal justus marched through the empty hallway of erebus station . 
 he inspected his reflection in every polished surface along the way , straightening his dark jacket and even darker hair . 
 ` sit down , captain , ' lesper said as justus entered the office . 
 he sat , nodding to the one-eyed professor stood with his arms folded in the corner , his usual air of intensity more heightened than the last time he 'd witnessed it . 
 kramer did n't respond . 
 ` now , ' lesper said . 
 ` i ca n't imagine you have any idea why you 're here . ' 
 ` well , i know i slept in the other day , commander . 
 and the other week . 
 and this morning , in fact -- ' ` yes , i know . 
 but this has nothing to do with that . ' 
 ` oh ... well . ' 
 ` we have a proposition for you , captain . ' 
 ` i 'm listening . ' 
 ` you of course know the reason for your being here . ' 
 ` of course . 
 i am to maintain the security of erebus station and protect the significance of our mission here . 
 and after what you showed us down in section six i understand the need more than ever . ' 
 ` good , ' lesper said , clenching his fists with the mere mention of section six . 
 ` well i have news for you , captain . 
 your part in our design is about to change . 
 you may not like what you 're about to hear . 
 your loyalty is going to be tested . ' 
 great , he thought ; i knew this was too good to be true . 
 ` how much do you want to remain with us , captain ? ' 
 ` a great deal more than i want to leave . ' 
 ` that 'll have to do , ' kramer said . 
 ` your unit has already been briefed on your mission . 
 the details will be provided to you now . ' 
 lesper handed him a data-disc . 
 ` watch this in your own quarters . 
 alone . 
 contact either of us if you need anything . 
 you will be leaving the station and heading for an outpost known as aurora . ' 
 ` i 'm leaving ? ' 
 ` yes , captain . 
 pack your bag . 
 you 're taking a trip . ' 
 chapter forty ` you have done well , captain . ' 
 ` thank you , ' diego ferranti replied , bowing his head . 
 the room was dark . 
 the projected figure stood above deserved nothing less than absolute deference . 
 ` for goodness sake though . 
 do n't bow . ' 
 ferranti looked up at general berenguer . 
 the man had never looked more formidable . 
 ` you trust me though , general ? ' 
 ` to watch over my nieces ? 
 with my life , diego . ' 
 it had been some time since the general had referred to him by his first name . 
 protecting the man 's family obviously meant more than simple formality and convention . 
 and rightly so . 
 ` i 'll die before anything happens to them , ' ferranti said . 
 ruben laughed . 
 ` i ca n't imagine a better man for the job . 
 but keep in mind your official task . 
 you are correct : rotavar 's liberation is a worry as much as a victory . ' 
 ` what will you do ? ' 
 ` focus on my duties here on titan , ' he said . 
 ` now i know anna and gílana are safe with you , the greatest weight has been lifted from my mind . 
 the council , it seems , is finally listening . 
 though whether the hour is too late remains to be seen . ' 
 ` they are in better hands than they were with lady pinzón . ' 
 ` of that , ' ruben replied , ` i 'm not so sure . ' 
 ` well , ' he said , standing , ` at least those who matter are safe . ' 
 ruben winced . 
 ` there 's something more , captain . ' 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 ` it 's callista ... ' ` what ? ' 
 ` i think you had better sit down . 
 i 'm afraid it 's not good . ' 
 * * * captain diego ferranti marched along the corridors of his vessel , the stellarstream , acknowledging passing soldiers ' salutes with a nod and proceeding through several compartments before reaching the holding cells . 
 following the curious lack of confrontation on rotavar the majority of cells remained empty . 
 however , held behind clear , reinforced cube-caging , fully exposed on all five visible sides , was the man he had come to see . 
 ` our friend from crilshar is unusually talkative , sir , ' the prison guard said . 
 ` yes , well we 'll see if that 's so when he speaks with me . 
 open the door . ' 
 gordian was too dangerous to be left alone . 
 not even for a moment . 
 the door slammed behind ferranti and he walked over to his prisoner , who merely smirked , arms fixed to the seat beneath him . 
 ` captain , ' he said , ` i was wondered how long it would take -- ' ferranti 's fist struck a blow across the crilshan 's face . 
 gordian spluttered for a moment , before looking up . 
 ` ... you to visit me , ' he finished . 
 ` but i must say -- ' ` you wo n't say anything , gordian . ' 
 ferranti sat on the clear plastic seating opposite . 
 ` not until i say you can . ' 
 gordian smiled again . 
 ` i have spoken with general berenguer . ' 
 ` so he 's still alive ? ' 
 ` very clever of you to use a decoy explosive on the surrogate sun . 
 your idea ? ' 
 ` is that how you see me , diego ? 
 brawn under brain ? ' 
 ` i 'd say you have plenty of both , hence your new dwelling . ' 
 ferranti gestured to the clear box in which they were sat . 
 ` your efforts to plunge titan into chaos as on dozens of other worlds have failed . 
 and all you ` ve done there is create a beacon to which the free planets and moons of the alignment can now rally . ' 
 gordian smirked . 
 ` involving berenguer 's nieces was poorly judged , if you knew a thing of him . ' 
 the smile widened across gordian 's mouth ; ferranti watched the scar stretch across his face with an almost painful elasticity . 
 ` i can only assume you brought them with us , yes ? ' 
 the assassin asked . 
 ` you would n't leave them back on that pile of rubble . 
 and what of the boy ? 
 he did rather well to take out pultzer like that ! 
 tell me , did he die ? ' 
 ferranti ignored his agile probing and did n't react . 
 gordian would pick up on it without having to think . 
 the blade had been forced through the boy 's ribcage . 
 of course he had died . 
 he stared at the purple-pink scar on his enemy 's face . 
 ` twice we 've met in battle , ' gordian said . 
 ` twice we 've fought each other , but i 'm still ashamed to say i 've beaten you only once . 
 the next time we stand off , which i believe will be soon , then it is you i think that will fall to me . ' 
 ferranti chuckled . 
 ` and what psychotic brainwave would give you that impression ? ' 
 gordian leaned in . 
 ` circumstance , captain . 
 circumstance . ' 
 ` meaning ? ' 
 ` you have me captive for now , yes , but soon my lord will have destroyed your beloved little world . 
 i doubt you and your ... dwindling crew would last much longer . 
 and so you will eventually surrender and free me . ' 
 gordian leaned in ever closer , so far as his restraints would allow . 
 ` and then i will kill you ... captain of titan . ' 
 ferranti shrugged off the threat . 
 ` your training has certainly increased since we last met . 
 that much is obvious . 
 but there are more important things going on , gordian . 
 you must realise the effect your dishan 's bidding is going to have across the four systems . 
 the disorder that 's ensued on rotavar will only bring opposition to your cause . ' 
 the smile disappeared from gordian 's face . 
 ` opposition we can deal with . 
 you we can deal with . 
 do not begin to think you know anything of my lord . 
 do you think he would do all this without a definitive way to ensure victory on a wider scale ? ' 
 ` and how can he do that ? ' 
 the crilshan sat back and looked directly at him . 
 ` you know where my loyalties lie . ' 
 sitting back himself , ferranti frowned . 
 ` you truly believe that if crilshar destroys titan and exerts its power over every last man , woman , and child , that humanity 's survival will be ensured ? ' 
 ` crilshar 's survival . 
 i mention nothing of humanity . ' 
 ` how ? 
 tell me how . ' 
 ` you know where my loyalties lie , ' gordian repeated . 
 ` i can say no more . ' 
 ferranti sighed , stood . 
 ` for now . ' 
 chapter forty-one anna woke to silence . 
 dripping in sweat , she gazed into the blackness of her room , remembering at once where she was . 
 and why she was here . 
 ghostly images of her dream surrounded her in her bed , and she began to cry . 
 ` leave me alone , ' she pleaded . 
 all she wanted was to close her eyes and not be haunted by her nightmares . 
 but they would not leave her alone . 
 the pale man . 
 gilaxiad ... activating the light above her bed anna looked over to where gílana slept soundly . 
 ` i 'm so sorry , ' she said . 
 ` my selfishness has caused so much trouble . 
 so much grief . 
 so much ... ' she sat up , her blanket draped over her , and she wrapped her arms around her legs . 
 unable to go back to sleep , she sat there until morning . 
 part of her wanted to continue with what she and jon had planned ; it seemed silly to give up . 
 it would mean his death was for nothing . 
 maybe she could go on and find a way to earth alone , and keep jon alive by accomplishing their dream . 
 but there was gílana to consider . 
 anna had allowed her to be trapped on the stellarstream with them . 
 it was only right that she ensured her sister returned safely , was it not ? 
 only , she feared what her uncle would be like if she went back . 
 they had parted on such awful terms , not imagining she 'd ever see him again , and she was in no hurry to go strolling back into his home , whether or not captain ferranti had told him of their brave deeds on rotavar . 
 leaving titan was not her greatest choice ; deciding whether or not to go back was . 
 * * * on the second day of their journey home from rotavar anna took to roaming the halls of the mighty vessel . 
 though she had been warned not to stray from her quarters without an escort , she could not stay confined any more , and so left her sister sleeping . 
 gílana had been complaining of stomach ache , and had slept for most of the day anyway . 
 she almost lost her way in the vast , cold labyrinth ; eventually , however , a vivid , blue-bursting light could be seen down one of the long corridors . 
 her curiosity , as always , prevailed . 
 each hour of the so-far silent journey had faded into one another ; time lingered unbearably and the mood of everyone she came into contact with offering little welcome . 
 for the crew of the stellarstream , it seemed , the pain of rotavar was still very much fresh in their minds . 
 fortunately she did not run into any of the crew as she moved along the interior walkway and across a narrow bridge . 
 the blue flashes became brighter , more intense , and around the corner she peered through a small window of a metal hatch , discovering at last the source of the glow . 
 inside she saw a large room , lit with blinding flashes of the bright-blue light . 
 high up and overlooking the room were a number of soldiers , clad in gold and black and stood still and exact , watching the clash below , where two masked figures hurled bolts of blue and purple electric forks across the room at each other . 
 in their right hands anna recognised the source of the energy : the standard coilbolts of a titanese guard . 
 across their other arms were black , rectangular , rubber-like shields through which they caught the electric bolts and in turn fired their own . 
 ` amazing ! ' 
 she said to herself . 
 ` an actual coilbolt duel . ' 
 ` you ever played ? ' 
 said a voice from behind . 
 anna spun , angry that she had once again found herself caught , to see a young , dark-skinned woman , only a few years older than her . 
 she stood before her , dressed also in form-fitting black and gold . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' anna said . 
 ` i know i 'm not supposed to ... it 's just ... so ... amazing . ' 
 the woman smiled . 
 ` you 're certainly right there , anna . ' 
 anna was not surprised that she knew her name , and so smiled weakly in reply . 
 quite surprisingly the woman held her hand to her breast in acknowledging salute . 
 anna was n't sure how to react , and so settled on a terse nod . 
 ` have you ever fought ? ' 
 the woman asked . 
 ` only a little . 
 i 'm not very good . ' 
 as with most things , she realised . 
 ` nor am i , ' she replied with a girlish grin . 
 ` still , there 's nothing like the crack and boom of a coilbolt duel to get your blood pumping . ' 
 before anna could reply the hatch behind her opened and captain ferranti stood in the doorway , sweating . 
 ` anna , ' he said , as though he had been expecting her . 
 ` i see you 've met lieutenant avila . ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 ` good . 
 she 's your minder while you 're with us . ' 
 ` minder ? ' 
 ` i thought it best to keep my distance , ' avila said . 
 ` i watched you down here . ' 
 to ferranti she said , ` she 's quite safe , sir . ' 
 ` good , ' he answered . 
 ` anna , care to accompany me to the viewing bridge ? ' 
 anna did not need asking twice . 
 ` yes ... oh ... yes , definitely . ' 
 ` come on then , ' he said , wiping his face with a towel and throwing his arm-shield to a pursuing guard . 
 while lieutenant avila followed behind , anna tailed ferranti through the halls of the vessel in silence , walking a pace or two behind until they came to the viewing centre of the ship . 
 if she remembered her classes at the institute correctly , large vessels such as the stellarstream could be operated with very few crewmembers , from the control room at the centre of the ship . 
 the captain would normally remain at the viewing centre , however , and direct the entire company from up there . 
 ferranti had explained , with a noticeable lack of detail , how the assassin gordian had butchered many of his crew . 
 thankfully the majority were not on board when the attack had taken place . 
 and so , resting above the forward section of the stellarstream , the viewing centre was bustling with diligently-focused men and women . 
 ` it 's so beautiful , ' she said , gazing at the projection screen displaying the endless canvass of black , joined by distant clouds of colours she had never even seen before . 
 ` i wonder which one is saturn . ' 
 ` well , ' the captain said with a chuckle , ` none of them are . ' 
 she turned to him . 
 ` i do n't understand . ' 
 ` i thought someone had been to explain it to you , anna . ' 
 ` nobody 's told me anything . 
 i thought ... are we not going home ? ' 
 the captain guided her down the sloping platform , and beneath the projection wall they sat on a blue-padded bench . 
 it was the room 's only secluded spot . 
 avila stood nearby , keeping herself busy by subtly checking on silent viewing centre crewmembers . 
 ` i 've spoken with your uncle , ' ferranti said . 
 ` be it only briefly , as we 're almost out of communicative range . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` where are we ? ' 
 ` we 're on the outer edge of the fourth system , ' he said . 
 ` here , among the few accentauriban planets and moons , our help is needed most . 
 titan is safe under the general 's command for now . 
 he has been named as titan 's lord , following the deaths of lady pinzón and general mauldeth . 
 he 's also managed to persuade the council to keep some of our vessels in locations of need . 
 and we 're in the right place , at the right time . ' 
 ` so where are we headed ? ' 
 ` we will be going home soon . 
 i promise . 
 but first we must deliver supplies by means of an outpost to a titanese aid vessel working with one of the outer worlds of enustine . ' 
 ` how far away are we ? ' 
 she asked , all of a sudden feeling intensely claustrophobic at the thought of being trapped on the vessel for yet more time . 
 ferranti rested a hand on her shoulder . 
 ` we 'll arrive at our destination tomorrow . 
 an outlying outpost we call aurora . ' 
 anna gazed up at the screen of black space before them . 
 while she was frustrated she had not been told what was happening , the thought that she was headed to the outer edges of manned space , farther than many had ever gone , electrified her way more than most thoughts . 
 ` anna , ' ferranti then said with a touch of grim importance . 
 ` i 'm afraid i have some more news . 
 something you may find upsetting . ' 
 ` what is it , ferranti ? ' 
 ` it 's callista , ' he said . 
 ` back on titan , gordian ... he got to her . ' 
 ` she ... she 's dead ? ' 
 ` no , she 's alive . 
 but only just . 
 she 's in something of a neutral state . 
 the doctors have so far been unable to wake her . ' 
 anna scraped her hand through her hair . 
 ` she 'll be okay . 
 i know she will . ' 
 ferranti nodded . 
 ` she 's a strong old iástron . 
 stronger than me by far . ' 
 anna frowned . 
 ` you know about her ? ' 
 ` do n't go thinking there are many of us , anna , ' he whispered . 
 ` besides your uncle , you and i are her only students . 
 she 's my iástron too . ' 
 ` i did n't know . 
 she never said . ' 
 he laughed . 
 ` she 's good at that . ' 
 anna looked down . 
 ` callista 's never trusted me . 
 she lies to me . 
 keeps me in the dark . 
 she does n't believe in me , and she 's right . ' 
 ` a grouchy old crow she may be , ' he said . 
 ` but she 's wiser than any who now live . 
 you would n't be her student if there was n't something special she sees in you . 
 callista trusts you . 
 trust me . ' 
 the captain stood . 
 he straightened his back and pleated training outfit and said , ` something important has occurred to me , anna berenguer . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` we left titan the night of your birthday . ' 
 ` so ? ' 
 ` tonight , the night before we reach aurora , i 'm to have a gathering in memory of those we lost on rotavar . 
 life and death are worth marking together . 
 tonight we 'll also celebrate your birthday . 
 come to my quarters later ; i 'll send details and dress-ware to your room for you and gílana . 
 be there , ' he said with another smile , before walking out of the viewing platform and leaving her sat , in the company of lieutenant avila , pondering his words as they journeyed into the deepest space . 
 chapter forty-two gordian looked up from the uncomfortable seat in the centre of his cell . 
 his guard preferred not to look at him . 
 rightly so , he thought . 
 then again , the lack of attention ; the arrogance in thinking this place could contain him ; the failure to recognise who one should and should not trust ... the titanese thought he was trapped . 
 fools . 
 even in confinement his masters revealed their presence . 
 the rotavarian chief had paid a welcome visit before they had left that filthy desert planet , courtesy of whosoever had sent him on his mission in the first place . 
 no words had been spoken , but gordian 's freedom was granted . 
 his guard turned around and the assassin stared , unblinking . 
 then he smiled . 
 it was too easy . 
 the guard frowned , and twisted back . 
 not long now , he thought . 
 not long now . 
 * * * when anna and gílana berenguer entered the captain 's private quarters that night , they were shocked to find a long table already lined with a dozen guests , in addition to an astonishing array of food and drink . 
 all were attended to by a host of well-groomed servants -- from maids to kitchen staff . 
 everybody watched the sisters as they moved along the table , hoping to find two empty seats . 
 anna saw their faces , and bowed her head . 
 she knew that many of them were muttering , mouthing words , whispering about how she had slipped aboard the vessel and caused the deaths of their crewmates . 
 ` over here ! ' 
 came a voice from the end of the table . 
 anna looked over and recognised the old gentleman , now considerably less bloody than when she had seen him in the control centre in the face-off with gordian . 
 ` over here ! ' 
 he said again , pointing to a couple of empty seats near the head of the table . 
 ` i 've saved them especially . ' 
 ` thank you , ' she said . 
 ` how 're you feeling ? ' 
 ` oh , much better . ' 
 he stood and held two chairs out for them . 
 ` the captain should be along in a moment . 
 do n't mind this lot , ' he said , gesturing to the line of officers which , after ignoring the sisters , had begun to talk among themselves once again . 
 ` too stuck up their own backsides to acknowledge the fact that you saved their lives . ' 
 ` oh , no , ' anna said . 
 ` we really did n't -- ' ` nonsense ! 
 you 're both heroes . 
 i wo n't hear otherwise . 
 naffan 's the name . ' 
 ` anna , ' said anna . 
 ` gílana , ' her sister added . 
 ` of course you are ! 
 you -- ' he was interrupted by the screeching of chairs as everyone stood to greet captain ferranti . 
 dressed in a silver version of his usual military uniform , he strode from his quarters to the head of the table , and after flashing anna a brief smile signalled for everybody to sit . 
 he remained standing and an attendant handed him a crystal glass filled with sparkling white wine . 
 raising it he said to the group , ` in the name of our mother , titan , please put your glasses together in remembrance of the brave men and women we lost on rotavar . 
 our mission there found success . 
 rotavar is free . 
 but , as usual , it came at a cost . ' 
 he raised his glass . 
 ` to the silent . ' 
 ` to the silent , ' all repeated . 
 before long food was served , and conversation began between the twenty-five guests . 
 many spoke of numerous topics anna barely grasped ; although she picked up on a few words and phrases being tossed about : words like crilshar , enustine , and she definitely heard somebody mention yux dishan . 
 jon often spoke of those things , but she had never really listened . 
 she wished he were there with her . 
 ` anna ! ' 
 ferranti 's voice snapped her out of her thoughts . 
 ` miss berenguer ? ' 
 ` sorry ... i 'm sorry , ' she said , looking up and almost dropping a spoonful of stewed chicken-leaf that had gone cold as she daydreamed . 
 ` what ... what was it ? ' 
 ` nothing too important , ' he said , raising his eyebrows . 
 ` you sure you 're okay ? 
 you do n't seem to be eating much . ' 
 ` i 'm not too hungry . 
 i do n't think either of us is . ' 
 she turned to gílana , but found that her sister was stuffing herself with mouthful after mouthful . 
 ` or maybe just me , ' she said . 
 ` nice to see you with your appetite back , sis . ' 
 ` om , um , nom , ' came gílana 's reply . 
 anna and ferranti laughed loudly . 
 the captain snorted , fortuitously spitting some of his potato into the communal soup bowl in the inner table . 
 anna attempted to hide her amusement as she watched his eyes widen , scanning the guests to see if any had noticed . 
 to his luck they had not . 
 they caught each other 's eye and burst out laughing , catching the attention of much of the table . 
 that had done the trick . 
 she began to speak with ferranti and forgot what had been troubling her . 
 the captain recounted myriad tales about his travels , and told her all about his visit to earth . 
 ` the most extraordinary and beautiful place ! ' 
 he cried , after a few too many glasses of wine , one of his blond curls drooping down in front of his eyes . 
 ` there are no space vessels in sight ! 
 the sky is pure blue in the day and complete black at night ! 
 oh , i do believe that rhymed ! ' 
 anna sat back , grinning and enjoying herself for the first time in so long she actually felt guilty . 
 gílana was busy chatting to everyone around her , asking questions , and eradicating any sign of a full plate . 
 after the main meal lieutenant mica avila joined the group and sat on the other side of ferranti , beside old naffan . 
 it turned out naffan , a plump , kind gentleman , was the stellarstream 's central commander , and responsible for the running of the ship 's engines . 
 which is why gordian had needed him back on rotavar , she realised . 
 he had plenty of tales to tell himself . 
 for what seemed like hours the four discussed many things and anna finally felt as though she had found her place , where she was meant to be . 
 with a crew , with people that understood her , doing something amazing and meaningful . 
 talk soon turned to their current mission . 
 ` it is not our duty to be out here , ' one pilot-commander reasoned . 
 ` of all alignment bodies , ours is left to fight the fight , then pick up the pieces , and take the blame too ! ' 
 ` our duty is whatever we 're told it is , ' avila countered . 
 ` and you would do well to remember it , ' commander naffan added . 
 ferranti sat back , nodding to an attendant , who quickly refilled his glass . 
 anna leaned towards avila . 
 ` why are we going to aurora ? 
 rotavar was freed , was n't it ? ' 
 ` it was , anna . 
 but crilshar 's fleet had already moved on by the time we reached the world . ' 
 ` moved on to enustine ? ' 
 ` exactly . 
 the enusti empire is powerful , and could likely fight crilshar 's fleet and win . 
 but there are other worlds here in accentaurib . 
 the queendom on samos is not as strong as it thinks it is , and samos ' relationship with enustine has never been healthy . 
 there 's so much discord and conflict , before crilshar ever came here . 
 on titan it is clear that accentaurib can not fall . 
 the alignment worlds would not survive if crilshar gained the fourth system . ' 
 ` so my uncle 's right . 
 we have to help them in any way we can . ' 
 ` your uncle is a brave man , anna . 
 you 're very lucky to have him . ' 
 nearby , ferranti giggled to himself . 
 ` amusing yourself over there ? ' 
 avila mocked . 
 ` you two are amusing me , ' he said . 
 ` less talk of war and crilshar at my table , please . 
 enough . 
 tell me about you , anna . ' 
 he rocked on his chair slightly . 
 ` i 've heard plenty about you . 
 callista tells me you 're fascinated with planet earth . ' 
 ` humanity 's home , ' said naffan , joining in . 
 ` jolly good ! 
 beautiful place ! ' 
 ` yes , ' anna said . 
 ` for as long as i can remember . 
 callista used to show me pictures and music and read me poetry and stories about its people , hundreds and even thousands of years old . ' 
 ` there are very few earth enthusiasts among the systems , ' lieutenant avila said , taking a small sip of wine . 
 ` indeed ! ' 
 agreed naffan . 
 ` not enough if you ask me . ' 
 ` preferable ! ' 
 ferranti declared . 
 ` how so ? 
 the captain offered his glass to naffan . 
 ` drink ? ' 
 ` oh , no thank you . ' 
 ferranti grinned and winked at anna . 
 ` more for me then . ' 
 naffan frowned , but anna understood what he meant . 
 the less people there were to appreciate it , the more remained for those that did . 
 it would not become tainted and overcrowded like everywhere else . 
 many of the guests eventually began to leave . 
 the sound of chatter died down and ferranti excused himself , disappearing back into his quarters . 
 a moment later he returned , sat back in his seat , and offered something to anna . 
 ` it 's from earth , ' he told her . 
 ` they call it an old-swiss army knife . 
 happy birthday ! ' 
 anna almost could n't find the words . 
 ` i 've enjoyed tonight so much , ' she said . 
 ` thank you . 
 thank you for this . ' 
 ` two-thousand years and rumour has it no invention has been more practical than an old-swiss knife . ' 
 he grinned and took the entire wine bottle from the attendant , then stood and disappeared again . 
 she sat back , playing with the old-swiss knife , uncovering a small torch , a knife , and a dozen more mechanisms . 
 avila and naffan pulled their chairs closer . 
 they all looked at the gift and watched ferranti reappear , stumble about , and knock over a tall vase and a rack of silverware . 
 ` how much has he had ? ' 
 anna asked . 
 ` about a bottle and a half , i think , ' avila replied . 
 ` make that four and a half , ' naffan corrected . 
 ` and that 's good for him , ' the lieutenant said . 
 ` normally he does n't drink at all ! ' 
 anna gasped . 
 ` really ? ' 
 ` why do you think he 's not allowed to attend military functions ? ' 
 ` he 's not ? ' 
 ` have you ever seen him at one ? ' 
 ` well -- ' both naffan and avila raised their eyebrows and nodded slowly . 
 ` just wait , ' she said . 
 ` soon he 'll be -- ' suddenly a wonderful sound rumbled through the room , louder than the remaining guests could speak . 
 avila sighed . 
 ` i spoke too soon . ' 
 anna spun in her chair to see ferranti on his feet , raising his hands as though to conduct the beautiful music pouring from every corner of the room . 
 ` you know what this is ? ' 
 he asked , reaching out a hand in gesture to dance . 
 ` it 's a waltz ! ' 
 she cried , recognising the music she would make callista play when she visited her as a child . 
 the captain stole her from the chair and they began to dance around the room , albeit badly , laughing hysterically . 
 gílana jumped up and she and avila joined the waltz . 
 commander naffan refused to stand , but a couple of others capered across , entering into the merriment . 
 as they spun , stepped , turned , and interchanged parts , doubling up in wonderful hysterics , anna finally surrendered control . 
 what was going to happen would happen . 
 captain ferranti had taught her one thing : that amongst all the chaos and cold and sadness and death , it was the little things which made a person the most happy . 
 * * * the titanese guard looked into the crilshan assassin 's cell . 
 gordian did n't move . 
 he had n't spoken all day , not even to the captain . 
 but now he was staring at the guard , black and red eyes piercing through his skin and his mind . 
 something was very wrong . 
 gordian smirked with an unnatural pleasure . 
 the guard slammed the hilt of his coil on the opaque , armoured glass . 
 ` do n't look at me ! ' 
 he said . 
 gordian remained motionless . 
 ` ibrahatima katha . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` you 're going to die first , ' gordian said . 
 ` very soon , when i get out , i 'm going to snap your neck . ' 
 the guard shuddered . 
 he turned away from the cursed crilshan and felt his heart race . 
 clutching his chest , he leaned over . 
 after a moment the pain passed . 
 but he did not turn around again . 
 he could not look at his prisoner anymore . 
 chapter forty-three constantine lesper stumbled about his office . 
 he knocked a large jar onto the floor , covering the place in a foul-smelling liquid . 
 the silver journal in his hand bore his sweaty fingerprints , and he placed it back onto the shelf . 
 ` it 'll be safe here until i come back for it , ' he mumbled , checking the monitor of his pcd-comm . 
 security footage confirmed that the dock was relatively clear ; two or three soldiers on duty . 
 easy enough to get past . 
 he took hold of his brandy bottle and staggered from the room . 
 his head spun . 
 legs shook . 
 ` he would n't ! ' 
 lesper told himself as he descended a narrow ladder-well , scuffing his knees on the drop and wiping sweat from his eyelids . 
 would he not ? 
 echoed the deep , rolling voice in his head . 
 would he not ? 
 ` he could n't ! ' 
 yes , he could . 
 ` i can trust him . 
 the córonat -- ' no , you can not . 
 you do not even know him , assuming it 's a him at all ! 
 ` then what do i do ? ' 
 you know what you have to do ... smash ! 
 the brandy bottle he 'd clutched as tight as he 'd gripped the ladder fell from his hold and coursed down through the next hollow . 
 ` damn ! 
 damn ! 
 damn ! ' 
 he left the shattered glass where it was and passed two men guarding the entrance to section six . 
 he should n't have read edgar 's journal ; he should have burned it like his córonat commanded . 
 ignorance was more than blissful ! 
 it had been some days since he 'd sent the new captain on his furtive mission , and he begged fate that he had found the right man this time . 
 the soldiers would watch the young man . 
 they had been briefed . 
 they knew what they were doing . 
 but after reading the silver journal he realised he had more pressing matters to tackle . 
 unusually unsteady on his feet he entered into the depths of section six . 
 ` is professor kramer in ... inside ? ' 
 he asked one of the sentries , clutching the wall . 
 ` no , sir , ' said one , quite obviously perplexed at the state of his commander . 
 ` good ... good ! ' 
 he did n't much fancy sharing the area with kramer tonight . 
 he had n't even been sure what he was going to do once he reached section six , but he pushed past the guards and entered , making sure the door was properly closed and allowing the low lights to come on by themselves . 
 he made his way over to the command console and typed in the necessary pass codes . 
 all sixteen cages were revealed . 
 fear and common sense stopped them from opening all cages at once , but tonight he felt unnaturally careless . 
 the fear he experienced when looking at them , he had come to realise , was an addictive terror . 
 there was something that felt almost forbidden about watching them . 
 especially when they gazed back . 
 the reinforced metal hatches all opened , presenting the armoured , shatterproof clear barriers . 
 behind them , inside the enclosures , darkness swam . 
 pure darkness surrounded them . 
 he sighed and leant against the control panel . 
 if edgar 's diary was correct then the whole erebus project had been a malicious manoeuvre by a foe more dangerous than lesper could have imagined . 
 they had all been deceived . 
 lesper tread slowly up to the dark-filled cages and peered in . 
 he could see nothing . 
 only darkness . 
 the córonat was cunning . 
 but so was he . 
 tonight was the night he changed everything . 
 tonight he would destroy erebus for good . 
 chapter forty-four outpost aurora was an etiolated frontier soaking in the pastel glow of the remote sun , accentaurib . 
 it was panoptic in scale , with more space than required . 
 at the extreme edge of the fourth system it was generally not used to visitors . 
 it had in recent weeks , however , become host to numerous aid vessels aimed at halting the explosive situation currently arising in the planetary systems of the enusti empire , which , like rotavar , had been targeted by crilshan blockaders . 
 the star-speckled sky resembled an ocean of darkness as anna stood gazing at the projected image on the viewing platform , presenting what would have been seen were there a clear window and not a twenty-meter-thick wall . 
 space was a cloud of obscurity , of insignificance ; it sparkled with hopeful light and waned in a fashion forsaken , beggaring description . 
 they had stopped the leap some two hours before . 
 the best view of the looming outpost and the planet around which it orbited was to be found right there in the vessel 's viewing centre . 
 outpost aurora circled a chaotic world known as ammisaduqa . 
 among its moons there lived the ammisaduqai : a reclusive people she had only heard of in passing stories back home . 
 anna knew very little of them , but she did know that the outpost itself was in neither samosian nor enusti space . 
 it was separated from all civilization by a million miles . 
 she savoured the pensive hush which filled the room while the crew monitored their stations . 
 according to captain ferranti the stopover would be no longer than a few hours . 
 another titanese vessel was docked at aurora ; their job was simply to aid its resupply so that it could return to one of the beleaguered worlds of enustine . 
 war . 
 nothing but conflict and war . 
 did these people never tire of clashes and conflicts , disputes and disagreements , all of which were over minor issues truly of no importance ? 
 not like the stories she had heard of earth . 
 there was never war on earth . 
 the von , elected leaders of the paradise , kept the planet safe and beautiful . 
 but titan was her home , and that was where she would return . 
 the decision had been made . 
 anna would go home . 
 she smiled at the thought of seeing her uncle , of having him hold her close and protect her again . 
 as she sighed a deep sigh , content in her choice , a dark sphere appeared on the projection screen . 
 only small , it rose like she imagined the sun would appear over a horizon . 
 in seconds it grew larger and she could make out a dark green veil enveloping the entire globe . 
 it was beautiful . 
 within minutes they had arrived at outpost aurora , and moved slowly through the vast metallic maze of shining steel turrets . 
 she rushed back to her room . 
 gílana had to see it . 
 they would never again get the chance . 
 out of breath she reached their room . 
 to her surprise , however , she found her sister silently weeping into her pillow . 
 ` what 's wrong ? ' 
 she asked , closing the hatch and sitting on the bed beside her . 
 ` it 's ... it 's nothing , ' gílana said , sitting up and drying her eyes on her sleeves . 
 ` of course there 's something . 
 nobody cries without a reason . ' 
 ` i ca n't , ' she sobbed , her eyes red and sore . 
 anna tilted her head . 
 ` i 'm your sister . 
 who else can you tell if not me ? ' 
 ` you 're the one person i ca n't tell . ' 
 ` please . 
 let me be here for you . 
 what is it ? ' 
 her little sister gulped and sighed deeply . 
 ` i ... loved jon . ' 
 anna reached out and took her hand . 
 ` we all loved him . ' 
 ` you felt it more . 
 and so did i. ' ` what do you mean ? ' 
 ` i loved jon the same way you did , annie . ' 
 anna paused . 
 ` what are you saying ? ' 
 ` you know . 
 please do n't make me say it . ' 
 she sighed . 
 ` it was obvious you always liked him , sis . 
 it 's all right . ' 
 ` no . 
 you do n't understand . 
 he felt the same . 
 he loved me back . 
 we were ... ' she turned and looked away . 
 anna released her sister 's hand , stood up , and backed away . 
 gílana followed . 
 ` annie , please . ' 
 ` no -- you 're lying . ' 
 ` i ca n't lie anymore . ' 
 ` i do n't believe you ! ' 
 ` it 's true . 
 we loved each other . ' 
 ` be quiet ! 
 i do n't want to hear ! ' 
 ` we were going to tell you , ' she said . 
 ` that 's why he wanted to leave . 
 to leave me . 
 to be with you . ' 
 ` just stop talking . 
 you 're my sister ! ' 
 ` i 'm going to be sick , ' gílana said , and she lurched forward . 
 ` be sick then ! 
 i do n't care ! ' 
 ` i 'm ... sorry . ' 
 she fell to her knees and vomited on the floor , reaching for anna 's hand . 
 she pushed her away . 
 unable to grasp her sister 's words anna left the room and stormed down the corridor . 
 how could the only person she had ever trusted betray her completely ? 
 she had lost jon . 
 the only unchanging memory she had was of a hero , a man she could always count on . 
 that memory faded with each furious step . 
 she hated her sister for taking that away . 
 things were clear once again . 
 * * * antal justus stepped foot off the fated chaos and entered into the hectic floor of outpost aurora . 
 his soldiers gathered upon the access ramp behind him . 
 ` north dock , ' his lieutenant told him . 
 ` north dock , ' he repeated , watching the many men and women go about their business . 
 were he to squint , he fancied he could see his old crew stood not too far away . 
 dimal was giving her orders , while raj taunted shree , and noah sat sulking nearby . 
 but it was n't them . 
 he would never see them again . 
 a loud thud from a hanging crane brought him from his daze . 
 he knew he had to forget them . 
 leaving erebus had brought him out of his recent escape . 
 you ca n't run away from thoughts ; they 'll follow you to the edge of the universe , and beyond . 
 he turned to his crew , stood waiting . 
 ` right , ' he said . 
 ` let 's get started . 
 we have work to do , and very little time . ' 
 * * * it was not difficult to leave the stellarstream . 
 moving through the ship 's docking bay anna followed the line of supplies currently being wheeled through and into the auroran hangar . 
 she made sure lieutenant avila was not following then , still wearing the black and gold overalls she had been given on board , made her way along the reinforced passage of tubing from the vessel and through to aurora . 
 heavy machinery filled the open spaces while dozens of men and women from all the different docked vessels marched to and fro . 
 the place was alive and bustling and she counted at least seven vessels attached to what was signposted as the south dock of aurora . 
 perhaps she could find news of a vessel heading out soon . 
 maybe she could slip aboard , escape . 
 provided that it was not going near titan . 
 she could n't return there . 
 she had been stupid to think that she could . 
 facing up to what she had done , the pain and trouble she had caused , was too much . 
 but more than that , she could not bear to look her sister in the eye , could not bear to see her uncle , however much she wanted to have him hold her close . 
 she did n't deserve to go home . 
 not without jon . 
 the dock 's ceiling reached as high as the vessels themselves , and she observed the many tube-tunnels leading off from the main dock and into the attached crafts . 
 behind a large metal drone she stopped and began to cry . 
 she was alone . 
 she knew what she had to do . 
 a hand grasped the back of her jacket . 
 ` what do you think you 're doing ?! ' 
 anna turned to see captain ferranti 's concerned face . 
 ` i was -- ' ` never mind . 
 come on ! ' 
 he pulled her with him and quick-marched her through the dock . 
 ` i really hope you were n't thinking of skipping off again , anna . 
 i think you 've put your family through enough ! ' 
 she already felt guilty , but coming from him it hurt that much more . 
 ` i was n't ... i was just -- ' a strong form knocked into her before she could finish . 
 she glanced at his face and her heart skipped a beat . 
 ` oh , i 'm sorry , miss , ' the man said . 
 ` i -- ' she was back in her dream . 
 the darkness surrounding her . 
 the orb burned black . 
 gilaxiad ! 
 a hand touched her shoulder . 
 gilaxiad ! 
 the pale face of the man stood with her . 
 ` anna ! 
 anna ! ' 
 she opened her eyes , shied away from the bright light . 
 ferranti 's panicked face looked down . 
 a crowd had formed . 
 and the face of -- ` you ! ' 
 she gasped , gazing up into the face of the man from her nightmares . 
 ` you ! ' 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' he said . 
 ` i did n't mean to knock you over . 
 i 'm sorry . ' 
 anna sat up , realising she had fallen to the ground in her fit , and was now drenched in sweat , her heart beating madly . 
 ` it 's ... all right , ' she said . 
 ` it was n't you . 
 i guess i ... fainted . ' 
 ` all the same , ' he said , a look of worry on his pale , youthful face . 
 with the help of ferranti and the strange man she found her feet and the crowd dispersed , muttering amongst themselves disappointedly . 
 ` thank you , ' ferranti said to the man , before whisking anna away . 
 she turned as they left and watched the man glance back at her . 
 a shiver ran the length of her spine . 
 ` who was that ? ' 
 she asked ferranti as he steered her back through to the titanese vessel . 
 ` i 've seen him before . ' 
 ` i daresay you have , ' he said . 
 ` perhaps you 've seen a picture of him at the institute . 
 i 'd say by his uniform he 's rather high ranking . 
 handsome too . ' 
 anna looked at the growing smile on his face and grinned back . 
 ` come to think of it , he did seem familiar . ' 
 though a little worse for wear after the previous night of revelry , ferranti suggested that they take a walk . 
 anna agreed , happy to explore the outpost . 
 the two walked together through the south dock , along the station 's connecting passages , and amongst the comings and goings of the equally busy north dock . 
 she did n't want to go back to the ship and see her sister ; she was happy thinking about other things for the time being . 
 the two stopped walking in one of the passages that connected the two sides of the base , and looked out of the long pane of glass at the dark-green waves of the storm clouds over ammisaduqa . 
 out of the window behind they could see all of the nearby docked vessels . 
 none of the other ships were as large as the stellarstream and so many of the crews were rather small in comparison . 
 beyond the masses of metal was nothing less than infinite space . 
 ` is that all there is out there ? ' 
 she asked him . 
 ` i mean , that 's all there is to see ? ' 
 ` that depends upon what you do see , anna . 
 everyone sees something different . 
 some see the future and others see the past ; some see what could have been , and even more what they want to be . 
 and some , ' he whispered , staring her in the eye , ` go mad . ' 
 ` i 'm not sure what i see , ' she said . 
 ` though i 'd love to be able to see how far it goes one day . 
 how far above or below i can reach . ' 
 he chuckled to himself and swept one of his curls over his ear . 
 ` space is n't like an ocean , anna , and technically our vessels are n't called ships . 
 people really only call them that because it 's simple . ' 
 ` what are they called ? ' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 ` interstellar spacecraft transports . ' 
 ` spaceship sounds better ! ' 
 she said . 
 ` i actually agree , ' he grinned . 
 ` curious girl , are n't you ? 
 anything else you want to know while we have the time ? ' 
 ` well ... yes , ' she said . 
 ` so much . ' 
 ` fire away . ' 
 ` how ... how does it work ... the interstellar spacecraft transport ? ' 
 he chuckled again . 
 ` you have n't studied that at the institute ? ' 
 ` not quite yet . 
 i do n't think so , anyway . ' 
 he leant on the railing and cocked his head as though thinking carefully . 
 ` when the original colonies of luna and mars were first founded , ' he said , ` we 're talking millennia ago now , old methods of nuclear fusion were used . 
 when it came to exploring proxima , antimatt power proved pivotal . 
 that sped up colonization , but never enough to get us to the point we are now . 
 no , it was the technological revolution of the twenty-third century that gave us the gift of space travel . 
 ultimatt energy acted much like robotic intelligence did centuries after its discovery . 
 everybody that goes through the institute learns about sik-whang and petra marka -- the great scientists who created the first ultimatt engine . ' 
 ` wait ! ' 
 she said . 
 ` just wait . 
 slow down . 
 you said ultimatter works like robotic intelligence did . 
 but in what way ? ' 
 ferranti turned and walked back across to the opposite window . 
 anna followed . 
 ` it 's never been proven , ' he said . 
 ` nobody i know would have the faintest idea where to begin , of course . 
 but it has always been said that these engines ... ultimatt engines ... that they 're alive . ' 
 ` alive ? 
 how ? ' 
 ` i 'm no scientist , but i do know that energy can be neither created nor destroyed , nor harvested indefinitely . 
 energy stays the same -- it is only transferred . 
 there was a time when unlimited power sources did n't exist , long ago now . 
 and because of that the light-speed barrier could n't be broken . 
 we could not make the leap . 
 humanity knew that . ' 
 ` then what changed ? ' 
 ` we did . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 she leaned closer . 
 ferranti cleared his throat . 
 ` the theory goes : life is unpredictable , life is the only thing that changes , the only thing we can not foretell or prophesize . ' 
 ` sounds like rubbish to me . ' 
 he leaned back on the railing and seemed to think carefully of an answer . 
 ` it 's a hard concept to grasp , ' he said . 
 ` most of it is unexplained , mysterious . 
 simply put , ultimatt engines are supposed to be living ... everlasting . 
 the radiation our engines leave behind -- radiation which allows faster-than-light travel through the systems , leaping from one planet to another -- that radiation leaves a detectable pathway through space . 
 so when we 're leaping , we 're not leaping blind . 
 we 're following the paths already laid before us . 
 like footprints in space . ' 
 ` i never knew . 
 it 's real ? ' 
 ` oh , it 's real alright . 
 it 's just difficult to handle for most . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` because they do n't understand it , anna . 
 they ca n't control it . ' 
 ` is that what happened with callista ? 
 with the iástrons ? ' 
 ferranti took a long pause , before looking at anna and sighing . 
 ` yes . ' 
 chapter forty-five lesper clapped his hands over his ears , closed his eyes , and attempted to shut out the horror as a deafening hiss devoured the room . 
 the lights within the cage containing the last of the beasts poured into the enclosure ; a flickering poison disturbed only by the erratic movements of the creature within . 
 he forced himself to watch the dying demon . 
 after this he would only have subject sixteen to deal with . 
 the terrifying scream reached its peak , piercing lesper 's eardrums with the synchronised sound of a thousand deadly serpents . 
 the fifteenth and last beast charged about the cage , violently slamming into its sides , horns and claws striking the glass . 
 and if lesper had heeded the threat , he may have feared that it would get free . 
 then at once the sound stopped . 
 he turned the light off . 
 the beast was dead . 
 he left the hatch up , still revealing the thing as it lay , like the others , unmoving . 
 he watched it for several minutes after which he turned his attention to subject sixteen . 
 of all the creatures within section six , number sixteen was special . 
 because number sixteen they had not found inside the asteroid erebus . 
 nor had they brought it with them . 
 this one they had created themselves . 
 the beasts did n't scare lesper ; not as much as this thing anyhow . 
 it was an abomination . 
 it deserved to die . 
 it was a mistake he never should have made . 
 he stepped back towards the console -- ` what are you doing ?! ' 
 lesper spun to see xerin kramer stood at the opposite end of the room , eyeing the exposed cages . 
 the professor took a nervous step into the room , the door closing behind him . 
 ` what 's that i can smell ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` have you been drinking ? ' 
 the commander shifted . 
 ` what are all the cages doing open ? 
 get away from there now ! ' 
 kramer shouted . 
 he stepped forward again , and lesper backed up , leaving the control panel between them . 
 ` how long have you known me , xerin ? ' 
 kramer inched closer . 
 ` long enough to know this is n't you . ' 
 he 's wrong ... lesper 's neck twitched . 
 ` and we always thought what we were doing here was for the betterment of mankind . ' 
 ` it was , ' kramer said . 
 ` it is ! ' 
 ` i do n't think so . 
 not anymore . ' 
 ` what are n't you telling me , lesper ? ' 
 ` i read edgar mokrikov 's journal . 
 the one he asked for . 
 i wish i had n't . ' 
 ` you did what ?! ' 
 ` you do n't understand ! 
 but i do . 
 we 've been used all this time . 
 the córonat intends to kill us when it 's all over . 
 when we 've succeeded in the task he set us . 
 i have to kill it . ' 
 he glanced back . 
 a shadow stirred within cage sixteen . 
 ` you 're not going to kill it , lesper . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 lesper wiped sweat from over his eyes . 
 ` after all , we made him ! 
 we 're the cruel monsters who created this thing . 
 he is no more a beast than i am ! ' 
 ` constantine , stop it . ' 
 ` do n't you remember ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` it happened right here . 
 the captain said no . 
 you hit him . 
 i knocked him unconscious -- ' ` stop it ! ' 
 ` how proud you must be . ' 
 kramer pulled a small blaster from his black coat and aimed it in his commander 's direction . 
 lesper simply smiled . 
 ` do it , ' he said . 
 ` do n't make me beg . ' 
 kramer lowered the weapon . 
 lesper stepped away from the cage . 
 ` i want to end it . 
 you and i both know that there 's something else going on here , xerin . 
 this place is n't derelict , not by far . 
 we found life on it for goodness sake . 
 this place is altogether -- ' ` alien ? ' 
 lesper shuddered . 
 the throbbing in his head ceased . 
 he felt clear-headed , sober , steadfast . 
 ` i think it 's time we shut this operation down . ' 
 ` constantine , we 've worked together for as long as i can recall . 
 you remember we would speak for hours about just how momentous our find was , and still is . 
 no discovery like this has ever been found . 
 we 'd be complete fools to abandon it , to ignore the secrets it holds . ' 
 ` even if those secrets end up destroying us , along with everyone else here ? 
 you 're not the only one to have studied this place in its entirety , my friend . ' 
 ` what 're you talking about ? ' 
 ` i think you know , xerin . 
 these creatures are n't the only secret this hell hole is hiding . 
 the question we need to be asking is not what they are , but where they came from . 
 and if they 're the ones in the cages ... then who really has the keys ? ' 
 ` you fear the masters may return ? ' 
 lesper 's eyes widened . 
 ` i fear they never left . ' 
 kramer did not answer . 
 ` it is fear which brought us here , to this point , xerin . 
 fear of the unknown . 
 it 's time to leave . ' 
 kramer crossed his arms over his chest . 
 ` what would you have us do ? ' 
 ` evacuate the station . 
 destroy the thing altogether . 
 set some charges and get the hell off this rock ! ' 
 the professor laughed . 
 ` if i did that i 'd be destroying the best chance of understanding this universe humanity has ever had . ' 
 ` but at what cost ? 
 damn it , kramer ! 
 this place bleeds malevolence ! ' 
 lesper put his hands behind his head , tearing where there was no hair to tear . 
 he had hoped it would n't come to this . 
 but is has . 
 kramer has forced your hand . 
 it is up to you now . 
 do it ! 
 ` this alien station and its secrets can offer more than just answers , ' kramer pleaded . 
 ` erebus will stop the inevitable conflict escalating among the systems ... burning at the heart of the alignment itself . 
 the córonat said so . ' 
 ` the córonat has used us ! ' 
 ` erebus will rise to glory , i 'll make sure of it ! 
 the army we can create would halt war in the systems altogether ! ' 
 but lesper was n't listening . 
 stepping toward the command console he gazed at his reflection in the metal , eyes wide and unsettling , dark with the distress of trauma and age . 
 his gaze shot up as kramer stepped closer one more time , blaster raised to chest-height , his expression a combination of irritation and terror . 
 ` step away from the console , ' he said . 
 ` you 're not going to shoot me , ' lesper said . 
 ` and there 's one more thing i have to do . 
 i have to kill our creation . ' 
 ` no , you do n't . ' 
 lesper drove the lever down and the light inside cage sixteen surged through . 
 they both shielded their faces . 
 a deafening hiss sounded , but it was louder than the others , and it sent shivers down lesper 's spine like nothing else ever could . 
 kramer sprang across and knocked him aside . 
 he slammed the lights in the cage off . 
 however , the shrieking and hissing did not stop as before . 
 the beast continued to throw its weight around in the darkness , pummelling the glass , threatening to break free . 
 lesper knew his greatest fear ... or at least he thought he did . 
 as he looked within the cage and into the glowing eyes of the creature he had once known as a man , his true fear dawned on him . 
 and then it came true . 
 the first fifteen caged beasts , creatures he had thought were dead , began hissing wildly too , ramming the mighty glass walls . 
 ` close the hatches ! ' 
 kramer screamed . 
 ` seal the cages ! 
 they 're not dead ! ' 
 lesper went to do so . 
 but then it happened . 
 the two men looked to each other with expressions of dread as a powerful crack sounded , followed by the deafening shatter of glass . 
 ` no ... ' an alarm sounded . 
 the two soldiers stationed outside the room charged in , bright red coilbolts ignited ; but their assaults were worthless . 
 the great beast that was subject sixteen charged across the room and tore them asunder . 
 blood and soaring flesh replaced the sickening screams in seconds . 
 kramer fell to the ground as lesper rammed him out of the way . 
 the commander forced an old bookshelf aside , placed his thumb on the scanner , sunk into the wall . 
 as the creature turned , covered in blood , it stared at lesper ; a piercing gaze . 
 hatred . 
 and lesper twisted , and cast himself down the dark escape tunnel , leaving his old friend with the beast as the hatch slammed closed behind him . 
 chapter forty-six perched in a far corner of the noisy mess hall of outpost aurora , anna looked up . 
 the pale-faced man she had collided with earlier marched into the large room and sat down with half a dozen other men , also adorned in black uniforms . 
 she watched them intently . 
 seeing the man a second time only made her sure : he was the man from her nightmares . 
 he not only looked like him , but she felt something stir inside her when she saw his face . 
 perhaps he knew something of the gilaxiad . 
 captain ferranti sat eating silently beside her . 
 she pushed her tray aside and continued to watch the pale man and his crew . 
 where could he be from ? 
 ` what 's caught your attention ? ' 
 ferranti asked her . 
 she nodded her head in the black-clad crew 's direction . 
 ` what do you suppose they 're saying ? ' 
 he glanced over at the table where the mysterious captain sat ; he looked to be the only one talking . 
 ` who knows ? ' 
 ` ca n't we find out who he is ? ' 
 he eyed her suspiciously . 
 ` why so curious ? ' 
 ` because , i told you , i have definitely seen that man before . 
 i 'd just like to know where from , that 's all . ' 
 ferranti frowned and anna raised her eyebrows piteously , the way she always did when she wanted something from her uncle . 
 it only ever worked with him , however ; her sister and callista were much too wary . 
 ` i should n't , ' he said . 
 ` he 's done nothing to warrant my suspicion , or yours . ' 
 ` go on , ' she said . 
 ` break the rules for once . 
 please ? ' 
 he placed his cup down . 
 ` okay , fine . ' 
 he lifted a small , tubular device from within his jacket . 
 ` what 's that ? ' 
 ` never you mind . ' 
 he pointed the device covertly in the man 's direction , zoomed in , and quickly snapped an image of his face . 
 a minute passed , then it bleeped and an extract appeared on the device 's long screen . 
 ferranti gazed at it in silence . 
 ` what ? ' 
 she said . 
 ` what ? 
 what is it ? ' 
 surprisingly serious , ferranti breathed in , held the device towards her . 
 titanese datastore file : __ unknown person __ searching ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... image found : search result : violent criminal antal justus officials are seeking any and all information on antal justus , a native of planet earth and captain of the stayready model of ship known as the crimson flux . 
 he is wanted in four stellar systems and fifteen planetary systems in connection with crimes including theft , murder , terrorism , and treason ... considered armed and extremely dangerous anna searched ferranti 's expression for some clue as to what he would do , her own filled with nothing less than absolute disbelief . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` thinking . ' 
 ` diego ... ' ` let me think , anna ! ' 
 ` what are you going to do ? ' 
 ferranti went to speak when a siren sounded suddenly in the mess hall , echoing throughout the connecting passages . 
 anna covered her ears . 
 everybody sat around the dozen tables jumped to their feet , weapons to hand . 
 but antal justus remained where he was . 
 the siren continued and he climbed up onto one of the tables . 
 ` listen up , everyone ! ' 
 he shouted above the din . 
 ` i am captain of the vessel fated chaos . 
 moments ago we received intelligence pointing to an imminent attack on this outpost ! 
 none of your vessels currently docked here are safe , and we must for the meantime assume that all are compromised . 
 the fated chaos is , however , safe and ready for immediate departure ! 
 i will ask you all to make your way towards my ship , stationed at the edge of the north-dock . 
 you may return in due course , once the threat has been resolved . ' 
 at once ferranti seized anna by her arm , and before she could open her mouth he forced her away from the direction the crowd of panicked crews were being herded . 
 justus ' soldiers spread out and directed everyone through the exit on the other side of the hall . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 she cried . 
 ` were n't you listening to him ? ' 
 ` considering what we 've just learnt about the captain there , ' he said , ` i 'd be inclined not to trust a single word he says ! ' 
 ` captain ! ' 
 as they reached the corridor leading from the great room they turned to see a flustered and panicked lieutenant avila running towards them . 
 ` we know , ' said ferranti . 
 ` now we -- ' ` no , captain ! ' 
 she said , attempting to overcome the alarming distress signal . 
 ` i know about the threat ! 
 but we have a bigger problem . ' 
 ` speak . ' 
 ` it 's gordian . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` he 's not in his cell . 
 his guard is ... dead . ' 
 ` what ?! ' 
 ` sir , he 's escaped ! ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 anna cried . 
 ` gílana 's still on the stellarstream ! ' 
 she pushed ferranti out of the way -- ` anna , no ! ' 
 chapter forty-seven araman alwar 's eyes shot open . 
 distressed , he jolted into a seated position and slammed his forehead into the cabinet above his bed . 
 dull pain joined the unnerving sense of disorientation , intensified a thousand fold with the piercing siren and intermittent flashes of burning red light now flooding his quarters . 
 the latter caused all of his equipment piled up around him to spread numerous shadows darting through the confined space with a startling delirium . 
 he rubbed the throbbing lump on his forehead , then reached beneath his pillow and pulled out a torch . 
 the wailing alarm stopped , though the power remained off . 
 flashing red light continued to provide enough light for him to dress , pick up an advanced coilbolt , and charge from his room . 
 down the windowless corridor people surged from their rooms -- half-dressed , flustered , and groaning . 
 araman knew where to go . 
 all station personnel were to head straight to the barracks as a safety precaution if such an alarm sounded . 
 red light meant one thing : danger . 
 araman , however , circumvented everyone else and headed straight for the dock . 
 since commander lesper had sent captain justus away on the fated chaos , for whatever reason , there was only one craft left . 
 if something were to happen to it ... ` who 's there ? ' 
 someone said as he entered the dark of the dock . 
 torchlight gestured frantically . 
 ` it 's araman ! ' 
 he replied , lighting his own torch . 
 ` what 's the problem ? ' 
 a soldier rushed towards him ; araman recognised the frightened face of one private riess . 
 ` emergency procedure s ... seven , sir , ' he said . 
 ` what 's your name , private ? ' 
 ` riess . ' 
 ` no , what 's your name ? ' 
 stuttering , he said , ` it 's c ... carlos , s ... sir . ' 
 ` okay , carlos . 
 procedure seven , you say ? 
 that 's an alert . 
 what 's caused the power loss ? ' 
 ` first and s ... second generators , sir . 
 it s ... seems both have stopped w ... working . 
 pine and azal have gone down to section two t ... t ... to check it out . ' 
 araman placed a hand on his shoulder . 
 ` relax , carlos . 
 i 'll follow them down . 
 go and check communications on board the nyx . ' 
 ` right away , sir ! ' 
 the soldier hurried up the ramp of the nearby craft . 
 emergency procedure seven was indeed an alert . 
 it also meant an attack on the station . 
 but the dock was clear . 
 shivers flew down his spine as the only explanation drove fear through his bones . 
 it was them . 
 he recalled what he had seen in section six : those creatures had hated the light . 
 it was almost fatal . 
 if they had escaped they were all sitting ducks without power to see or protect them . 
 their only hope was resetting the generators in section two . 
 if only that section was n't below the surface ... araman swiped his access fob onto the wall panel . 
 the metal gate groaned open . 
 he stepped inside the empty elevator , which pulled him down to the lower levels . 
 the elevator door opened at the bottom with a sharp , haunting groan . 
 he shone his light into the dark , half expecting someone or something to be waiting for him . 
 but there was no one . 
 nothing . 
 he moved down the dark hallway . 
 section two was surrounded by maintenance tunnels . 
 it was agonisingly hot . 
 but he was n't sweating from the heat . 
 he was sure the tunnel was narrowing , and he shone his light above and to the sides , shadows flitting about all over the leaking walls . 
 nothing 's down here with you . 
 you 're fine ! 
 ` no ! ' 
 he said , reaching down to his side , realising he had n't picked up his comm . 
 no way to communicate with the others . 
 he was on his own until he found pine or azal . 
 he turned another corner . 
 no sign of them . 
 where the hell were they ? 
 he continued through and moved right ... or was it meant to be straight on ? 
 his decision was made for him when the echo of a voice resonated through the tunnel to his right . 
 he paused for a second , replaying the sound in his head ; was it a voice or a scream ? 
 he took the turning and began moving faster . 
 rotating left he gripped the coilbolt loosely in his right hand . 
 he heard no more voices . 
 all noise had disappeared , leaving behind the steady hissing of pressure valves along the corridor approaching the generators . 
 he was sure he could make out the faint smell of burning . 
 perhaps the generators had merely overheated . 
 the two soldiers would come around the corner laughing and joking any moment . 
 gripping his weapon tighter he slowly descended a set of greasy stepladders . 
 it was pitch black . 
 he could only see a little at a time , thanks to his flashlight , which he could swear was getting dimmer . 
 at the bottom of the ladders he stopped . 
 this was it . 
 the generator room . 
 he could n't quite make out just how many generators there were . 
 generators one and two ... where were they ? 
 ` pine ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` azal ? ' 
 his calls amounted to no more than petrified whispers . 
 ` privates ? ' 
 he was regretting his decision to follow them down . 
 he wanted to get the hell out at once . 
 in that moment araman could make out another light ahead , behind one of the smaller generators . 
 he stepped closer , bent down as he reached around . 
 the light pointed away , up towards the wall . 
 wait . 
 on the floor . 
 in the path of light . 
 a patch of something sliding along the floor . 
 was that ... could it be ... blood ? 
 and -- araman shot upright , moved back against the wall , frozen with fear . 
 his blood iced over . 
 his heart raced . 
 something lurked in the shadows . 
 shaking , he could just make out the front of a face . 
 but above it thrust two pointed barbs . 
 two black horns . 
 perhaps it did n't know he was there . 
 perhaps it knew before he had entered the room . 
 he could n't tell if it was looking at him . 
 he bit through his lip to stop himself from whimpering . 
 what if he was surrounded ? 
 he could taste the blood as it filled his desiccated mouth . 
 should he run ? 
 would he even make it out of the room were he to try ? 
 he took a gulp , swallowing the blood built up in his throat , and chose to run . 
 darting from the shadows araman shot across the room , not daring to look behind at whether the demon had taken chase . 
 in seconds he was at the ladders , and without looking up climbed , climbed as fast as he could . 
 he lost his grip , but the adrenaline flowing through him kept him going . 
 grasping the top he felt a vibration on the ladders below . 
 he knew what it was but refused to look down . 
 he ran . 
 faster than he had ever run in his life . 
 he reached for his weapon , but in his haste dropped it behind him . 
 he stopped , turning to reach back for it . 
 a huge , black figure appeared at the top of the ladders . 
 he froze again , unable to move , petrified in his place . 
 the creature glided forwards in the dark , moving its large , horned skull from side to side . 
 all went silent as it appeared slowly above him , hissing soft and threatening . 
 whether out of coincidence or complete and utter luck , without warning the pressure valves lining the dark tunnel fizzled on and the creature moved back . 
 the hissing rolled into a dull roar . 
 araman seized the moment , forgetting about his weapon , and charged away . 
 he scrambled desperately through his pockets for the access fob as he neared the elevator . 
 he just had to get inside it . 
 he reached the door . 
 swiped his fob . 
 the door opened . 
 too slow . 
 he was n't going to make it . 
 ` come on ! 
 for god 's sake come on ! ' 
 he spun . 
 something fast approached in the dark . 
 dropping to his hands and knees he crawled beneath the shutter . 
 he slammed his fist into the switch and the reinforced outer-door slammed shut . 
 a petrifying hiss enclosed him in his metal cage . 
 araman took several deep breaths and held his head in his hands . 
 erebus had fallen . 
 he had to get out . 
 chapter forty-eight diego ferranti spun on the spot . 
 but anna dodged his outstretched arm and tore for the south dock of aurora . 
 heading in the opposite direction , the throng of multiple crews surged for the north-docked fated chaos . 
 ` go after her ! ' 
 ferranti told avila , and the lieutenant took chase . 
 gordian escaped ... aurora in danger ... could it be mere coincidence , or a malevolent twist of fate ? 
 ferranti watched avila set off in pursuit , and then turned to run through a nearby access tunnel . 
 the station control room was the best place to discover what was really going on . 
 before the captain had even left the hall , however , he found several soldiers blocking his path . 
 the criminal antal justus presented himself at the forefront . 
 ` may i ask you to follow my men back to the north dock ? ' 
 justus said . 
 ` it 's not safe here . ' 
 ` no , it 's not , ' the blond captain countered . 
 ` i have an escaped prisoner . 
 an urgent threat i must deal with immediately . 
 i 'm going to station control . ' 
 ` did n't you hear what i said ? ' 
 ` i heard perfectly . ' 
 ferranti turned , but found his path blocked once again . 
 justus held his arm against the wall , blocking the way . 
 ` the station commander is on route to my ship . 
 you 'll find nothing in the control room . ' 
 ` then i 'll return to my ship . ' 
 ` i ca n't allow that . 
 i 'm going to have to insist you come with us . ' 
 ` that 's not going to happen , captain . 
 i am a captain myself . 
 my duty is to my crew , not to you . 
 i am going to my ship , right now . ' 
 he placed his hand on the hilt of his holstered coilbolt . 
 ` very well , ' justus said . 
 ` but i 'll be going with you . ' 
 he turned to the snobbish-looking pirate behind him . 
 ` take your team and gather all passengers from the remaining ships . 
 split up . 
 you have ten minutes . ' 
 * * * anna tore through the long tube-tunnel leading from aurora to the stellarstream . 
 the rolling siren fell into the background and the dock behind disappeared . 
 she had never moved so fast . 
 forgetting her earlier conversation with her sister , she knew only that she had to get to her . 
 the crew of the stellarstream piled along the armoured tunnel , but anna did n't care about them ; she was focused , in a way she had never been focused before . 
 disorientated , she almost lost her way , and once she reached their quarters found gílana was n't there . 
 anna bunched her hands into fists . 
 she would find her sister ; she only hoped gordian had n't gotten to her first . 
 considering the possibility that she 'd slipped out with the crew , anna charged out and back down the corridor . 
 minutes passed as she drove herself on . 
 then she stopped dead at the entrance to the tunnel leading back to the outpost . 
 the black and red-eyed assassin stood in her path , restraining a trembling gílana . 
 a blaster prodded her face . 
 ` please , ' she said , tears in her eyes . 
 gordian smiled . 
 a blast of blue light came from within the tunnel , slammed into his side , throwing him into the wall . 
 avila came dashing down the hall , coil raised and glowing , and cried , ` anna , take your sister ! 
 run ! ' 
 * * * antal justus tread two paces ahead . 
 ferranti saw no other option and loosened his coil , slipping it into his palm . 
 ` correct me if i 'm wrong , ' he said as the two captains marched into the open area of the south dock , ` but is it not the job of the station commander to issue the proper evacuation procedures already set in place ? ' 
 ` the station commander is indisposed , ' justus said without looking back . 
 ` he 's being taken to my ship right now . 
 my crew is dealing with the threat . ' 
 ` you say threat , ' said ferranti . 
 ` but , wait . 
 hold on , justus . 
 what kind of threat is it ? ' 
 the criminal stopped . 
 ` i mentioned a threat . 
 but i did n't tell you my name ... ' a length of metal found his grasp . 
 the hum of a coilbolt sounded . 
 in a split second justus had leaned forward , ignited the weapon , and twisted his body , moving to strike the captain behind . 
 but ferranti was ready , and with one fell swoop lunged forwards with his own already triggered . 
 they clashed in a rain of dancing sparks . 
 their weapons hissed at each other . 
 faces mere inches from supercharged metal . 
 justus pushed ferranti backward . 
 he stumbled before triggering a burst of blue electricity straight at his enemy , expecting to put him out with ease . 
 justus caught the blast with his own red-glowing coil . 
 ` whoa ! ' 
 ferranti said . 
 ` no coil 's capable of that ! ' 
 the criminal laughed , flipped his coil back and then forwards like a whip , and returned a torrent of red lightning . 
 ferranti threw himself to the ground , the blistering heat assaulting the nape of his neck . 
 again he launched an assault himself . 
 the boom of each eardrum-shattering strike thundered through the space . 
 another attack caught justus by surprise and he was forced to his left . 
 the blast made contact with a nearby standing auto-cannon , rupturing its armour , and causing an explosion to fill the hangar . 
 both turned to see a cargo mass of volatile explosives go up in smoke and fierce flame ; the ensuing heat reaching across the platform . 
 booms and rattles of gunfire echoed in close proximity as if in reply . 
 the flash of a coil joined in . 
 a small group of soldiers , some titanese , backed into the dock . 
 but they were not alone . 
 justus ' black-clad crew forced their way through , striking down several with the same crimson-beamed weapons as their captain . 
 oh , no . 
 ferranti moved to stand at the entrance to the passage through to the stellarstream , blocking his enemy from entering . 
 ` i know who you are ! ' 
 he cried . 
 ` why are you doing this ?! ' 
 ` come with me and i 'll show you , ' justus said . 
 ` the truth would blow your mind ! 
 everything you thought you knew will change ! ' 
 ` i know there 's no threat ! 
 no one 's going with you -- i 'll make sure of it ! ' 
 justus smiled . 
 ` fine by me . ' 
 * * * anna stood still at the end of the tunnel as both captains fired their coilbolts . 
 the cracks and booms echoed all around , the hangar filled with a blinding light , and both were sent soaring . 
 ferranti was thrown into a heap of crates nearby ; his weapon fell metres away . 
 justus landed on his back , and at once pulled himself up from the ground . 
 three of justus ' men charged over . 
 one went straight for ferranti and raised his limp body up against the crates . 
 she had to do something . 
 but what ? 
 carefully lowering gílana 's unconscious body to the ground she started to back up into the tube tunnel . 
 ` stop there , ' justus commanded . 
 anna froze . 
 ` come over here . ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 he held his exotic-looking coil up to ferranti 's neck . 
 anna breathed in deep , then did as she was told , leaving gílana where she lay , just out of sight . 
 ` lieutenant , ' justus said . 
 ` yes , captain ? ' 
 he motioned to ferranti . 
 ` restrain this one and take him back to the ship . 
 prepare to leave . 
 the charges are all set . 
 we 're going immediately . ' 
 ` right away , captain . ' 
 ` what charges ? ' 
 anna said , moving from the tunnel to approach the pale captain . 
 justus exhaled . 
 ` not to worry . 
 come with me and you wo n't get hurt . ' 
 he held out his hand . 
 ` she 's going nowhere ! ' 
 anna turned to see lieutenant avila stood at the other end of the corridor , coilbolt spitting and aimed at justus . 
 she propped up a semi-conscious gordian , but seeing the scene in front of her dropped him to the ground . 
 before she realised what had happened , anna felt a hand wrap painfully around her chest . 
 a burning sensation stung her throat . 
 ` back off ! ' 
 justus yelled , holding his charged blade up to her neck . 
 avila stepped forward , her weapon intended for the assailant . 
 ` stop ! ' 
 anna cried . 
 ` get back inside ! 
 the station 's set to explode ! 
 take gílana with you ! ' 
 avila looked down at gílana , collapsed beside gordian . 
 ` we 're going nowhere without you ! ' 
 ` do n't come any closer , ' justus warned . 
 ` not unless you want to be responsible for her death . ' 
 anna struggled ; the intensity of the blade scalded her neck . 
 ` you wo n't touch her , ' spoke a cold , deep voice . 
 ` not unless you want to die yourself . ' 
 anna 's heart missed a beat . 
 gordian wavered alongside avila , holding out ferranti 's coilbolt , not at avila , but in justus ' direction . 
 ` there 'll be no one dying here today , ' the pale captain replied . 
 she felt his grip on her tighten . 
 ` now , you 're both going to put down your weapons , slowly , and come with me . ' 
 ` like hellfire we are ! ' 
 avila said . 
 ` we 're evacuating this station . 
 one way or another . ' 
 gordian advanced a small step . 
 ` we 're going nowhere with you -- ' flung backward , a projectile struck the crilshan from the other side of the dock . 
 avila twisted and anna 's captor took the opening , whipping his coilbolt forward and releasing a deadly burst , knocking avila into the interior wall of the passage . 
 justus ' men ran towards them , as anna kicked and screamed . 
 one took hold of gílana , throwing her over his shoulder . 
 ` leave the others , ' justus said . 
 ` there are n't enough of us to carry them . 
 we have to go ! ' 
 avila and gordian were left , unconscious , among the dead of outpost aurora . 
 anna could not find the energy to struggle or even to make a sound . 
 doomed , she permitted the men to pull her through the empty station , lined with the bodies of those men and women that had fought back ; and , along with gílana and ferranti , was hauled through into antal justus ' craft . 
 chapter forty-nine breathing deeply and clutching his mutinous heartbeat , lesper crept out of his escape tunnel and peered into the dark corridor , before entering the still passage and quickening his pace . 
 out of breath , the brandy 's restless effect still at hand , he reached the last access gate before the hangar , and exhaled with relief . 
 he 'd not let them out . 
 it had n't happened . 
 but it has . 
 because of you ! 
 every last person was going to die ... hundreds of them . 
 and yet all he could think about was reaching the nyx and getting as far away as he could . 
 he could hear screams , gunshots , and the booms of electric weapons . 
 the beasts must have attacked the barracks . 
 coilbolts would not be enough to stop them . 
 he had been foolish to think that a strike from the advanced coils would do anything at all . 
 they were already dead . 
 all of them . 
 none would survive . 
 reaching the hangar he twisted , fighting the rising lump in his throat . 
 he met a sharp corner as a soldier sprang from hiding . 
 ` private riess ! ' 
 lesper cried , forcing his words , half composed and far from calm . 
 ` everything okay down here ? ' 
 ` s ... seems so , sir , ' he said , raising his coil as a scream filled the corridor behind . 
 ` what the hell is g ... going on ? ' 
 ` do n't worry , private . 
 it 's coming from section four . 
 the acoustics in this place make it seem as though it 's in here , but it 's not . ' 
 ` what do you mean , it ? 
 what is it ? ' 
 riess asked . 
 ` it does n't matter . 
 how 's the nyx 's status ? ' 
 ` emergency protocol , sir . 
 ship 's powered up and set to go . ' 
 ` good . 
 in that case , come on . 
 we 're leaving . ' 
 ` what ?! 
 we ca n't l ... leave , sir . 
 the others , they need us ! 
 the nyx is the only ship here ! 
 we ca n't t ... t ... take it ! ' 
 riess moved past lesper , his attention on the advancing screams . 
 ` we have to help them . ' 
 ` we ca n't help them , private . ' 
 ` i 'm not leaving them ! 
 araman went into section two . 
 he 'll be back any moment . ' 
 ` i 'm not waiting ! ' 
 the beasts were coming . 
 they would come bursting through at any time . 
 if only kramer had made it out alive ... gunshots rattled closer . 
 ` last chance , private . ' 
 ` what in hell 's name is going on , commander ? ' 
 riess cried . 
 lesper spied the frightened soldier 's holstered blaster . 
 he grasped it and smashed riess over the back of the skull . 
 he fell to his knees , clutching his head . 
 ` stupid boy , ' he said , and he turned and staggered onto the nyx . 
 he slammed the palm of his hand onto the control . 
 the ramp closed behind . 
 the craft was powered up and standing by , ready to leave . 
 lesper fastened himself in and engaged the primary gates above , releasing the shuttle 's clamps and inhibitors . 
 he smiled as the ship 's clamps retracted from the bay and he lifted up and out through another level . 
 leaving erebus behind . 
 sitting back in the pilot 's seat he closed his eyes and sighed deeply . 
 he had made it . 
 a noise sounded behind him . 
 an awful smell knocked him sick . 
 he did n't look . 
 he could n't . 
 then he heard it . 
 a chilling rattle . 
 a shadow loomed . 
 and with it came a cold , gut-wrenching hiss . 
 * * * stopped dead in his tracks , araman alwar 's mouth dropped and he fell to his knees . 
 through the tall hangar casement he could see the dark body of the nyx drifting slowly away from the station . 
 the only way off his nightmare was going , disappearing right in front of him . 
 and there was nothing he could do to stop it . 
 in his reflection araman watched a tear run down the flushing contours of his face . 
 stunned and expressionless , he followed the ship as it raced away . 
 very quickly , however , the nyx began to move strangely , thrusters pouring from every point , tilting its face from one direction to another , until it began to descend . 
 the wrong way . 
 down towards the lightning planet below . 
 ` heaven help him , ' araman uttered , standing slowly . 
 ` sir ... sir ! ' 
 a voice from nearby tore him from his bewildered state . 
 private riess stumbled over , blood trickling down his temple . 
 ` carlos , ' he said , happy to see another person alive . 
 ` what happened to the ship ? ' 
 ` lesper was here . 
 knocked me out with my own w ... weapon . ' 
 the pain was visible across his face . 
 ` lesper took the ship ? ' 
 ` yes ... yes , sir . ' 
 araman looked back out at the distant craft . 
 he was numb , unable to think straight . 
 ` there 's a creature in here with us , carlos . 
 there 's something you need to know . ' 
 ` well , whatever it is , i 'm p ... pretty sure it got on the nyx with him . 
 and if so , he got what he deserved ! ' 
 the nyx was now so far away . 
 there was no doubt where lesper was going to finish up . 
 ` where 's everyone else ? ' 
 araman asked . 
 ` all i could hear were screams down that way , ' riess said , pointing to section four . 
 ` in that case there 's more than one , because one of them got pine and azal , and it almost had me . 
 we need to contact captain justus on the chaos . 
 it 's the only other ship able to help us now . ' 
 ` communications , then . ' 
 riess ignited his coil and moved away . 
 but araman stopped to take one last look back at the nyx as it disappeared into the violent haze of tempest-beta , a tiny dot in a milieu of miraculous spectacle . 
 * * * the battle of aurora was over . 
 antal justus gazed out of the anterior casement of the fated chaos ' bridge as one-hundred seemingly silent explosions tore outpost aurora , along with all of the connected vessels , into one-million pieces of slowly drifting metal . 
 the fire engulfed any trace of the incident and the attackers ' identities . 
 ` we 're free to make the leap , captain , ' his pilot informed him . 
 justus could n't reply . 
 he sighed and looked away . 
 ` do we go ? ' 
 ` captain ? ' 
 ` captain justus ? ' 
 ` no , ' justus said . 
 it had hit him from nowhere . 
 what have i done ? 
 ` are we not returning to erebus station ? ' 
 justus breathed in , then out , his heart thumping in his temples . 
 ` of course we are , ' he said . 
 but at once the lights went out . 
 panicked voices filled the bridge and the fated chaos ' emergency lighting , blood red , kicked in . 
 ` captain ! ' 
 the pilot cried . 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 ` we 've taken damage from the explosion . 
 it 's not good ! ' 
 ` captain , what do we do ? ' 
 but justus did not care . 
 an overwhelming part of him was horrified , irate at what he had just done . 
 perhaps being trapped at the edge of space was what he deserved . 
 perhaps he could put it right . 
 but as the alarm sounded , his men in panic , and his captives locked away onboard he realised it was far , far too late for remorse . 
 chapter fifty four days after the liberation of rotavar , the crew of the crimson flux had , unsurprisingly , already found itself in a similarly precarious position . 
 the martian colony upon mars , fourth world of the system sol , was known for its violence , gangs , and criminal lords . 
 the martian act of 4000 had removed alignment regulation of the red planet , meaning its reputation , which had n't been solid at the outset , had fast gone down from that point on . 
 in the region of tharsis , on the borders of the black markets of mars , stood a sturdy little inn . 
 upon a table inside that sturdy little inn , adra dimal snatched a sip of her brim-full flagon and looked intently upon her small crew . 
 the three before her each , in turn , stared back , attentive and tacit -- for the most part . 
 ` everyone have their weapons ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` check . ' 
 ` weapons , noah ? ' 
 ` yes , yes . 
 check . ' 
 ` comms ? ' 
 ` double check . ' 
 ` ahem ... comms ? ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` noah , you 're not even listening ! ' 
 ` i am too ! ' 
 dimal slammed her pint down on the table between them , causing froth to shoot up and scatter between the several surrounding tables . 
 ` no , you 're not . 
 you 're sat staring into your brew like a bleedin ' toddler ! ' 
 noah scoffed and went to say something , but took so long thinking of a retort that he gave up altogether , and returned to sulking in the corner of the four . 
 ` right , ' dimal said . 
 rolling her eyes at her childlike medic she stared across the small table at raj and shree . 
 the former leaned forward energetically while his larger sister bowed down so as to avoid burning the top of her purple-feathered hat on the light hanging above ; her legs were positioned uncomfortably close to her stomach and she looked genuinely unhappy . 
 ` remind us again , cap’n , ' raj said . 
 ` what did the message say ? ' 
 she cleared her throat and leaned in . 
 he was of course talking about the communication they 'd received on the journey from rotavar to earth . 
 after the rather uneventful retreat of all crilshan forces from the desert planet , the crew and their guest , aíron veryan , had set off without waiting , and headed for the safety of earth . 
 it was only as they had passed the asteroid belt between jupiter and mars that the communication came through . 
 ` in a word , it said the captain 's in danger . ' 
 ` justus ? ' 
 ` i guess so . ' 
 ` crikey ! 
 what else ? ' 
 ` it said we 're the only ones what can help , and if we want to see him again we 've to meet the messenger here on the martian colony . 
 it did n't say exactly where -- ' ` and did it occur to either of you three that it could just be another trap ? ' 
 noah said . 
 ` hell knows we 've fallen for enough of them ! ' 
 the three glared at him and he retreated back to his corner , mumbling to himself about how much he hated it there . 
 he took a huge mouthful of his own drink and spilled most of it down his shirt . 
 of course everybody now grouped around the table had considered the possibility that the message was a decoy aimed at leading the crew down there with intent to ambush them . 
 the flux had made plenty of enemies in its time , after all . 
 but each one , and even noah to the slightest extent , was willing to take that risk if it meant getting their captain back . 
 he was , and had always been , their leader and friend . 
 ` i 'm going to the puddle , ' noah said , standing , but raj set a strong hand on his shoulder and forced him back down . 
 ` what do you think you 're -- ' a loud and timely thud . 
 they all turned toward the open door of the hostelry . 
 noah swore under his breath and almost fell beneath the table . 
 shree , who had taken quite a shine to the balding medic , reached across and propped him up . 
 raj tilted closer to dimal and she watched his hand extend to his pistol ; she 'd already clutched hers . 
 the tavern 's dense door slammed closed behind three enormous crilshan soldiers , each with deadly blades in hand and grimaces to match . 
 their dark eyes were exposed and blood-stained garments , body-length , dragged along the floor . 
 obviously drunk , the foremost trudged up to the bar where several old and battered men sat , silent and petrified . 
 the crilshan picked up one of the men 's jugs and glugged the brew in one . 
 he then slammed the jug down and stared at the drink 's owner . 
 ` your flagon ? ' 
 the crilshan asked . 
 ` uh ... y ... yeah . ' 
 ` tut tut . 
 did n't feel like fighting me for it ? ' 
 ` n ... uh ... no . ' 
 ` well that wo n't do ! ' 
 the dark-eyed brute raised his blade and with immense might severed the old man 's arm . 
 he shrieked in agony as the thug twisted the knife-edge and in one motion took off his head . 
 it landed on the bar , before rolling off and across the floor towards the flux 's table . 
 screams filled the bar and dimal brought her shaking hand to her mouth . 
 the crilshan gazed at them all with a smile as his subordinates overturned nearby tables . 
 ` you 're knifed if you do , you 're knifed if you do n't ! ' 
 he cried . 
 dimal turned her head and locked eyes with raj . 
 ` do you have any of your grenades with you ? ' 
 she whispered . 
 raj breathed steady and nodded twice . 
 one of the crilshans slammed his fist into the face of a haggard-looking old woman . 
 shree made a brash clatter as she clutched noah close , and the crilshan 's head shot in their direction . 
 ` on my count , ' she mouthed , ` one ... two -- ' ` whoa ! 
 dimal , watch out ! ' 
 she ducked as the bright red light of a blaster rifle connected with the wall , inches above her head . 
 raj pulled out his pistol and aimed it at the creature responsible . 
 ` no ! ' 
 dimal shouted to the crilshans . 
 ` we do n't want trouble ! ' 
 another burst of red light missed shree by centimetres , smashing the light above her head and shattering glass over the four . 
 ` on second thoughts -- ' she pulled out her own blaster and shot the crilshan square in the chest . 
 one blue flash and he dropped to the ground , smoking . 
 raj timbur pulled a grenade from his belt . 
 ` over ` ere you gotch-gutted slime sack ! ' 
 and he threw it at the nearest crilshan , who replied by raising his blade and parrying the palm-sized fragment of metal . 
 it shattered in a cloud of nauseating gas . 
 * * * ` this place is rough ! ' 
 raj said as the four hurried from the back exit of the bar , coughing and laughing and moving quickly through bustling gangs of unusual people . 
 scuffles broke out all around them , but it appeared , from the reactions of everybody else , that it was n't uncommon . 
 ` shame , ' noah muttered from the middle of the group . 
 ` what are the chances of visiting the valles marineris while we 're here , adra ? ' 
 ` is it a bar ? ' 
 ` no , it 's -- ' ` then no . ' 
 ` fine , ' he said with a grunt . 
 ` i do n't see what 's wrong with a little culture , but fine ... fine ! ' 
 dimal ignored noah 's grumbling . 
 raj leaned over her shoulder with a smirk . 
 ` close escape there , ' he said . 
 ` i did n't know that lot ventured into this system . ' 
 ` they do n't , ' she said , keeping her head down and moving through a crowd of blaster-trading clergy-women . 
 ` or at least they have n't until now . 
 this is dangerous . 
 they should n't be here ... and neither should we . ' 
 the sooner they heard what the mysterious fellow had to say , the quicker they could get away and head to earth . 
 they 'd left aíron veryan inside the securely-bayed flux , and even though she trusted her , dimal nevertheless wished to return to the ship as soon as possible . 
 she looked up , glimpsing the motionless stars through the reinforced caging which at that very moment held air and warmth inside and kept cold and death out . 
 shaking her head dimal focused herself ; she knew she had to keep her wits about her , had to have a clear head . 
 it could just as easily be a trap as much as an urgent proposal . 
 mars ' largest volcano , olympus mons , was something of a tourist destination and so acted as a magnet to entrepreneurs and dirty dealers . 
 according to noah , who had n't shut up about it since the stranger 's message had arrived , olympus mons was surrounded by a region known as tharsis ; the locality was less cratered , but suffered from geological activity . 
 they had , therefore , not left the flux too far back . 
 noah did have his uses , even if they were pointless most of the time . 
 the crowded pathways they now passed through were made up of small , semicircular tunnels which fast became teeming with impatient bodies . 
 entering the next section of the base they found themselves surrounded by great tents and multicoloured stalls of men and women screaming at them wildly . 
 it would have been quite a shock for anyone that had n't encountered a black market before . 
 stomach-turning lights flashed and flickered in a dizzying dance of movement . 
 noah , tottering in the middle of the four , might have collapsed to the ground in a whimpering grand mal had his huge crewmate behind not seized him by the collar and , lifting him off his feet , carted him through the terrifying crowd of criminals and thieves . 
 the curious assembly of crooks wore dark robes and costumes , and displayed scowls and grimaces which would have frightened a child to death . 
 what kind of man would choose to meet in a place like this ? 
 someone like justus , she quickly reminded herself . 
 she smiled at the thought , recalling the man she longed to see again , and tripping over a small form trapped between her and the horde ahead . 
 she lifted the young , red-haired girl and realised who it was . 
 ` aíron ?! 
 i said to stay on the ship ! ' 
 ` i know , i know ! ' 
 aíron veryan cried back , staring at the many black booths surrounding them . 
 ` i just wanted to see ! ' 
 raj , noticing her too , took her arm and hid her behind dimal . 
 ` aíron ! ' 
 he said sternly . 
 ` akhhh i know , i know ! ' 
 she said again . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 noah called out , still hanging from shree 's meaty hands . 
 ` aíron ! ' 
 ` akhhh ! ' 
 she folded her arms . 
 ` i want to stay with you ! ' 
 dimal started moving again . 
 ` you ca n't , ' she said . 
 ` it 's too danger -- ' a small lapse of awareness was all it took to stride headlong into a large vessel-of-a-man , who immediately veered around and gazed down upon her . 
 and there was no mistaking those unnatural , eerie dark eyes . 
 red on black . 
 ` ex ... excuse me , ' she said , recognising the intoxicated crilshan from the bar and the danger they were all now in . 
 she smiled widely , revealing white teeth behind rose-red lipstick . 
 ` no , ' he said , his deep voice lost in the tumult of the room , ` i do n't think i will . ' 
 he gripped her neck , raising her off the ground . 
 ` oh , no ? ' 
 she choked , loosing from her belt an electric prod and ramming it into his exposed rib cage . 
 he did n't drop her , though he grimaced in pain and gripped her neck tighter . 
 behind her the others had realised what was happening . 
 raj pushed aíron behind him as he , noah , and shree took out their weapons , aiming them at the crilshan . 
 but the crew of the flux had learnt way back that the words easy and confrontation never went hand in hand when it came to them -- this occasion was no exception . 
 from behind the giant now holding their captain by the throat there emerged several more bladed crilshans , coil-tips gleaming in the fluorescent light . 
 dimal fought his throttlehold , her legs kicking wildly . 
 do something ! 
 do something quick ! 
 think ! 
 what would justus do ? 
 she gritted her teeth as his stranglehold became unbearable . 
 that 's it ! 
 she swung her leg out , knocking him between the legs . 
 he cringed . 
 she bit down , sinking her teeth into his arm as hard as she could ; she heard him cry out in pain , and felt herself launched far across the room . 
 down into darkness . 
 * * * dimal jerked herself awake and shot to her feet , no idea how long she 'd been out cold . 
 she could see the darkness above , filled with glowing lights . 
 as she came around she saw that she was stood in the middle of a small pavilion somewhere near the edge of the large market room -- judging from the height of the ceiling above through the hole in the canvas . 
 she shook her legs alive and pulled out her comm , attempting to call the others . 
 moments passed before raj 's panting voice answered . 
 -- dimal , you 're alive ! 
 where ... are you ? 
 ` in the middle of some grubby little tent , ' she said . 
 ` i 'm not hurt , strangely . ' 
 -- that 'll be the deficient gravity , noah added over the comm . 
 it 's only -- -- oh shurrup ! 
 raj said . 
 ` you lost our red-eyed friends ? ' 
 -- yup , we lost ` em ... i think . 
 ` everyone okay ? ' 
 -- yup ! 
 shree took out half of ` em on her own . 
 aíron 's got a fair fist on her ! 
 but the huge guy , he got away . 
 looking for us right now . 
 oh , and noah 's gone and got himself shot . 
 ` what ? ' 
 -- got shot ! 
 got shot ! 
 noah 's infuriated voice appeared on the other end again . 
 i did n't do this to myself for pity sake ! 
 ` you okay ? ' 
 she asked . 
 -- i 'll live . 
 i need to get back to the flux though . 
 right away . 
 ` of course . 
 where are you ? ' 
 -- in the middle of it all , raj answered . 
 near the almuit enclosure . 
 man those things look nasty ! 
 it 's a good job justus ai n't here with us -- he hates ` em . 
 ` stay where you are , ' she said . 
 ` i 'll make my way to you as soon as i find my bearings . ' 
 -- right you are , cap’n . 
 and he was gone . 
 the noise of the market was overwhelming , though a little calmer in the tent . 
 she waited and gathered her thoughts . 
 without justus she felt so alone . 
 he 'd taught her everything she knew , rescued her from a trivial life in which she was worth nothing . 
 ` and now you 're gone , ' she said . 
 ` but i 'd do anything to get you back . ' 
 ` would you really ? ' 
 she twisted round in the dark of the tent . 
 a figure stood in the shadows . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` i said would you really do anything to get him back ? ' 
 the voice spoke softly . 
 it was a man . 
 ` who 're you ? ' 
 a frail old figure dawdled forwards , clad in intricately woven garments of dark red , blue , and gold ; he did n't look dangerous , and yet dimal sensed he was capable of more than it would seem . 
 he was tall and bent over in the small marquee , a slight silver beard covering his thin neck . 
 the old man teetered closer . 
 he looked at her kindly and smiled , then said , ` i know you miss him , adra , but to get antal justus back it will take all of your strength , courage , and resolve . ' 
 ` how -- ' ` now stay calm . 
 take a seat , adra . ' 
 he offered her over to the small metal stool nearby . 
 she sat down warily and watched the old man move across the pavilion to light a small bright-beam . 
 as the tent filled in its glow , he dragged another stool over and perched himself upon it . 
 ` how do you know my name ? ' 
 she asked , examining his elderly features and diminishing silver hair . 
 ` who are you ? ' 
 ` right now it 's safer if i do n't tell you my name , ' he said . 
 ` know only that i wish to help . 
 many lives are at stake , not only your own or antal 's . ' 
 ` how do you know so much ? 
 you ca n't possibly be -- ' ` reading your mind ? 
 do n't be silly . ' 
 ` then how ? ' 
 he smiled . 
 ` you would n't believe me if i told you . ' 
 ` do n't joke ! ' 
 he raised his large eyebrows . 
 ` look , i called you here because we both know you want the man you love back . 
 and he wants to return to you , trust me he does . 
 but he 's about to face a greater danger than any of you could imagine . ' 
 ` it was you that called us here ? 
 how do you know all this ? ' 
 she asked , leaning towards the old man . 
 ` because , ' he said , ` all of this is bigger than you know . 
 there are many more players and the stakes are a lot higher than anybody realises , especially antal . 
 he 's in deep . ' 
 he paused , thoughtfully . 
 ` but i think that is where he is meant to be . 
 ` who are you ? ' 
 ` he ca n't do it alone . 
 he needs you , adra . 
 more than you or he could ever know . ' 
 ` who are you ? ' 
 she repeated . 
 ` why do you want to help us ? ' 
 he sighed , and said , ` war is coming , adra . 
 war which engulf all the systems , and all of humankind . 
 it is beginning right now , below crilshar . 
 and everything will soon fall apart . ' 
 ` how do you know ? ' 
 ` i need antal . 
 we all do . ' 
 ` for what ? ' 
 ` i 'm not sure . ' 
 ` well that 's really helpful ! ' 
 ` now listen , ' he said , reaching for her hand , ` we are very short on time , and antal is so very far away . 
 but there is a way you can help him . ' 
 chapter fifty-one ruben berenguer knew much of the galaxy . 
 he had studied at the greatest institute in the entire four systems and been tutored by the last known living iástron . 
 by anyone 's estimation , if there were a person well-resourced to deal with the threat facing humanity , it was he . 
 but , no . 
 there had always been somebody else ... ruben knew virtually nothing of the legendary master , peter marx , save what callista had told him -- and even that was little . 
 it had been some seven-hundred years since peter marx founded the iástron society . 
 seven-hundred years of relative stability in the emerging systemal alignment . 
 seven-hundred years of miracles and marvels . 
 but humanity 's greatest weakness had destroyed that too . 
 peter marx had a gift . 
 how and from where , callista said he would never reveal . 
 but he had chosen to share that gift ; an echoing miracle which had brought about a new age . 
 once more , humanity 's fear destroyed it . 
 men , women , and children on every world and moon treated the iástrons as second-class citizens , not even human ; they persecuted and hunted them . 
 it was for that reason that peter took his people and built for them a haven . 
 europa . 
 below the moon the iástrons lived , for two-hundred years -- safe , misunderstood , but still powerful . 
 very powerful . 
 so powerful they ripped themselves apart . 
 callista had survived . 
 and so had peter . 
 so where was he now ? 
 callista needed him . 
 they all did . 
 perhaps he had abandoned them , like he had abandoned callista all those years ago . 
 peter marx , the man who never aged and could not die ... ... where are you now ? 
 * * * ` how 's she doing ? ' 
 ` the same as yesterday , ' ruben 's physician told him as they walked along the pure white hospital corridor . 
 ` the same as the day before . 
 and the same as the one before that . 
 it 's like her body 's frozen . 
 i 've seen nothing like it in all my years . ' 
 the two passed through a guarded entrance to the ward , walked past rows of empty beds , and stopped . 
 ruben looked down at callista . 
 ` the chances of her waking ? ' 
 ` today , tomorrow , next week , or never . ' 
 he closed his eyes . 
 ` thank you . 
 i 'd like some time alone with her . ' 
 ` of course , general . ' 
 the physician left the two in silence . 
 for two weeks she had lay in her bed , sometimes silent and others calling out as though she were trapped in a desperate nightmare , unable to be woken by voice or by drug . 
 her nurses had been with her as long as they could spare , but it was ruben berenguer that had been at her bedside for what seemed like her whole stay , holding her hand and tripling the guard at her door . 
 his own encounter with death had not gone the way he 'd expected ; he had survived for a start . 
 all had been verging on the abyss when he found callista unconscious in her dorm following the iástron 's own brush with the dark reaper , but his helpless words had ignited a fire within her mind and she was able to stop the blast left behind for her . 
 and as for the targeted surrogate sun , no crilshan army or group of accomplished assassins had ever before been able to breach the security surrounding its defences . 
 it seemed much like a gift of fortune that their attack was nothing more than a distraction ; they had never intended to destroy the twelve cities . 
 but that is what perturbed ruben the most , for crilshar wished to destroy titan , and yet at their greatest chance turned it down . 
 why not simply plant a real bomb there and have done with it ? 
 though it had only been days since he had learned of his nieces ' safety onboard the stellarstream , and the woeful loss of jon del ' oueste , worse news was yet to come . 
 he had agreed to allow the resupplying of another titanese vessel by captain ferranti 's ship at the far outpost aurora because there was no choice . 
 not if he wanted to maintain the titanese presence in the farthest planetary systems . 
 but when word reached him of the attack and the subsequent loss of communication with both aurora and his two vessels , nothing could curb the anger or the sorrow which gripped him . 
 holding his head in one hand while the other clutched callista 's , he finally broke down . 
 ` i do n't know what to do , ' he said , leaning into his lap like it would contain his grief . 
 it did not . 
 ` i 've lost everybody . 
 if you all passed on and i could see your bodies before me , then that would be loss i could eventually recognise . 
 but ... but losing my little brother ... out there ... who knows what those monsters did to him ? 
 and you , you old crow ! 
 trust you to leave me on my own , while of all the things to do , you sleep ! ' 
 from his pocket he pulled the silver necklace he 'd left for anna , found on the table in his apartment , and he rubbed the dark stone at its head between his thumb and forefinger as though it would grant him magnificent strength or power over life and death . 
 again it did not . 
 ` but my girls , ' he said . 
 ` my gílana , my anna ... hell only knows where they are . 
 in my heart i know that crilshar is responsible . 
 and i know what i would have to do to get them back . 
 only , i 'm afraid this time i wo n't be able to do it . 
 under your guidance i 've done things i never thought possible . 
 but time and time again i 've lost and not been able to say goodbye . 
 i do n't want to let you go , callista ... i ca n't let you go ... i wo n't . ' 
 why the old iástron had n't died , nobody knew . 
 the same injection forced upon her had killed lady maxim pinzón . 
 the committed doctors and medical professionals put it down to her superior biology , as no other solid reason could be found . 
 so as maxim lay cold in her dark crypt , callista 's soul verged on the precipice of life itself . 
 ` i have to ask you something , ' he said , knowing what little chance there was that she could hear him . 
 slowly he unfolded and placed a sheet of singed paper onto the bed . 
 upon it was drawn the image of a black sphere , burning like evil fire . 
 what truly terrified him , however , was the addition of a young girl stood before the sphere , enveloped in white flame . 
 ` i found this in the corner of your dorm , ' he said . 
 ` did you dream this ? 
 you told me anna was in danger . 
 i did n't listen . 
 please ... answer me . 
 this is anna . 
 what does it mean ? ' 
 turning the paper over he looked upon the other side . 
 written , again and again , was a word he 'd heard before from his nieces : gilaxiad ... gilaxiad ... gilaxiad . 
 nevertheless , what truly horrified the general was the word gilaxiad surrounded . 
 written in the middle of the page , circled in black charcoal , was the word erebus . 
 ` what were you trying to tell me , callista ? ' 
 callista did n't reply . 
 she could n't . 
 he had to solve it alone . 
 ` general ? ' 
 he looked up . 
 ` general berenguer ? ' 
 footsteps sounded behind him . 
 he wiped his eyes on his sleeve , took the cursed paper from her bed , cleared his throat , and turned to stand . 
 he recognised the face of the intruder at once . 
 ` you ! ' 
 he cried . 
 ` yes , sir , ' replied the visitor , saluting . 
 ` we 've met . 
 my name is aleksey vasily . ' 
 chapter fifty-two not a word was spoken as the general and the chief made their way from the hospital , through the central city 's streets , and eventually to ruben 's home . 
 it was empty and quiet and cold . 
 ` in there ! 
 go ! ' 
 ruben hurried the young chief through . 
 he turned to a bookcase between the entrance corridor and the living space , and pushed it on its hinges until a small corridor , clean and intact , was revealed . 
 at the edge of the corridor lay a dead end . 
 ruben watched chief vasily , unable to recognise an ally or an enemy . 
 he led him down . 
 ` general ruben berenguer azar de la peña , ' the general spoke , and the metal wall moved inward . 
 they both entered in silence . 
 vasily stared in awe at the vault , while ruben walked to the other end of the room and spun . 
 ` what do you have to show me , chief ? ' 
 he asked , patience a luxury of the past . 
 vasily , slightly taken aback , reached into his emerald overcoat and pulled out an envelope . 
 he hesitated , looking down at it , before holding it out . 
 ruben took the envelope and read his own name on one side , the r-circled insignia of the prime ministerial office of rotavar sealing the opening on the other . 
 ` you have n't opened it ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` no , general . 
 to do so would violate the laws of my people and disrespect the memory of my lord . ' 
 ` so edgar is dead then ? ' 
 ` i 'm ... i 'm afraid so , s ... sir . ' 
 tears welled up in his eyes as he looked away . 
 the general sat down at the table , cracked the seal , and took out the letter inside . 
 vasily stood nearby , watching as ruben discovered the message , written in rovaña , left for him by his old friend : my good friend and most venerable ally , general ruben berenguer , if i told you i had been writing this letter for the past six days it would be yet another lie among thousands . 
 the truth is i have been writing this for many years . 
 and even now i can not for the life of me decide on words that are fitting for what i wish to say . 
 i complete this now , only because word has reached me of the crilshan fleet descending towards my home . 
 if you are reading this letter it will be within one of two contexts . 
 either it follows my sudden death or my unexpected absence from rotavar ; for those are the only two fates i may now endure . 
 once more i write this with much remorse and regret . 
 i have done both my world and yours a disservice and my only hope is that this letter arrives with you in time for something to be done . 
 i shall start from the beginning , but hope that the information i give you leaves you with a much fuller and more hopeful picture than i myself have been left with . 
 my heart tells me that i was never meant to be the thirty-fifth prime minister of rotavar , nor a man with any such power . 
 command is a curse i would gladly surrender , but there is one that will not let it be so . 
 my great master , the powerful córonat , returned to me some time ago after many years apart . 
 it is because of him that i am where i am . 
 though , my allegiance to him has withered , my friendship with titan become more than i hoped it would be . 
 i am afraid to say that i told my córonat of the baren igoth and he now plans not only on destroying the council and titan , but you yourself along with the entire systemal alignment . 
 my master calls himself the córonat only to hide his true identity . 
 córonat , in an old tongue long forgotten , means the self-crowned , for he believes himself to be appointed by something greater than us . 
 his true name is lord malizar . 
 ruben breathed in deep , releasing the lungful slowly . 
 so he 'd been correct about edgar mokrikov 's dealings . 
 he had never heard of the córonat , however , nor any man named malizar . 
 it sounded as though such a man was linked to crilshar . 
 but how did it fit ? 
 he continued reading ... i know there have been renewed rumours of the weapon to destroy worlds . 
 my investigations into this matter are extensive , and i have gathered a forceful case . 
 after much examination i myself suffer no doubt that the weapon exists , and i implore you to discover its whereabouts , before my córonat does so . 
 because if he already has then i pray you have the strength to stand firm in the face of the perpetual darkness that will inevitably follow . 
 in these dark times i am doubtful this letter will reach you safely , and therefore i am loath to reveal within it the greatest horrors of my life and the history i share with my córonat . 
 my journal , which i have kept with me all my life , will be delivered alongside this confession , and it shall divulge the truth : the greatest threat to face mankind in a thousand years . 
 alas , this must be our final goodbye . 
 my thoughts and hopes remain with you , in life and death . 
 your ever loyal friend , edgar p. mokrikov the general dropped the letter on the table . 
 he looked at the chief and said , ` where is it ? ' 
 ` where is what ? ' 
 ` edgar 's journal . 
 tell me you have it ! ' 
 he looked panicked . 
 ` i ... i -- ' ` you do n't ? ' 
 he shook his head . 
 ` then where is it ? ' 
 ` stolen , ' vasily said . 
 ` a criminal named antal justus took it from his office . 
 i think he was retrieving it for someone else . 
 from the way he spoke it seemed so . 
 he took only the journal . 
 i was unable to recover it or locate his whereabouts . ' 
 he gulped . 
 ` does the letter speak of it ? ' 
 ` it only mentions it , but reveals that everything he wishes to tell me is in there . 
 the letter itself divulges practically nothing . 
 does the name malizar mean anything to you ? ' 
 again vasily shook his head . 
 ` did mokrikov ever mention someone called the córonat ? ' 
 ` no , general . ' 
 ruben exhaled in irritation . 
 meanwhile vasily fell down into the seat opposite , wallowing in regret . 
 ` i have failed you , general . 
 and i have failed my lord . 
 what hope is there now ? 
 nothing stands in the way of the dishan . 
 we 'd be best to sit right here and wait for the crilshan armada to reach us . 
 no doubt it will , sooner rather than later . ' 
 ruben watched the young man as he let out a low whimper of anguish . 
 something about his grief then woke the general from his turmoil ; it was a reminder that he could not afford to despair . 
 gilaxiad and erebus -- whatever in the deepest bowels of hell they were -- were undoubtedly tied together . 
 callista had made the connection . 
 mokrikov had provided what he could . 
 he was the only one with the combined knowledge . 
 and he was needed . 
 his girls called for him , and he was going to get them back . 
 no matter what the cost ; no matter what needed to be done ; they were now all that mattered . 
 the chief looked up as ruben stood and said , ` there is hope , my friend . 
 there is something we can do . ' 
 ` what can we do ? 
 invade the hellhole crilshar itself ? ' 
 ` perhaps it will come to that , ' he said . 
 ` but first we will call the baren igoth . ' 
 ` the baren igoth ? 
 how ? ' 
 ` even as an old man i have my ways . ' 
 ` how far would you go , general ? 
 what would you do ? ' 
 ` whatever it takes , ' he said , with eyes closed and a trembling jaw . 
 chapter fifty-three ` this is a bad idea ! 
 we should n't have come here . 
 bad idea . 
 terrible idea ! ' 
 noah nuveen mumbled and groaned as he moved quickly through a long corridor -- pristine white and completely silent in the darkness of night . 
 he checked behind him , to both sides , and even above , more often than any normal person would . 
 the aging runaway reassured himself that it did n't make him , as raj timbur so often put it , a ` slug in a lab coat . ' 
 how he had allowed himself to be chosen for the principal role in such a perilous undertaking yet again he 'd never know . 
 he was a doctor , not some bone-headed galactic adventurer . 
 he 'd made his feelings very clear , and spent the majority of his time aboard the flux the past year moaning about his level of involvement in their crackpot schemes and rescues . 
 the last one had n't exactly gone to plan . 
 he 'd warned his captain not to stay on manera , and it had taken all of his strength not to say ` i told you so ' after the disastrous mission . 
 ` bad idea ... terrible idea . ' 
 -- will you be quiet ! 
 a female voice screeched through his ear-comm . 
 hold it in and be a man ! 
 noah swore under his breath and confirmed his wake was clear , before carefully turning a corner and glancing into the open doorway . 
 he pulled back immediately . 
 ` this is impossible ! ' 
 he whispered in a panic to his captain . 
 ` the room 's full of patients and there 're guards outside . 
 you 're sure she 's in this ward ? ' 
 -- this is a hospital , he heard back . 
 you 're a doctor , and yes i 'm sure ! 
 ` oh now i 'm chock-full of confidence . ' 
 -- listen , just fake it . 
 you know the plan . 
 ` yes i know it . 
 it 's making it work that 's the problem ! ' 
 -- well it 's the only one we 've got . 
 i know you can do it . 
 noah sighed . 
 he looked at his reflection in a long mirror mounted on the wall behind him . 
 he licked his hand and smoothed down a tiny tendril of tufting hair from the receding , dirty brown row . 
 baring perfectly straight teeth in a somewhat uncomfortable smile he adjusted his stolen name badge , puffed out his portly chest , and turned the corner . 
 donning a staid , humourless expression he nodded to the two guards standing at the room 's entrance , avoiding making eye contact , and shuffled past . 
 ` wait there , ' said one of the soldiers , however , a firm grip resting upon noah 's tense shoulder and dragging him backwards . 
 ` your pass ? 
 no one 's to enter without one . ' 
 noah froze on the spot . 
 ` my pass ? ' 
 ` your pass . 
 general 's orders . ' 
 ` of course . 
 i ... err oh , yes ... my pass ... it 's -- ' ` doctor ! ' 
 called a voice from down the corridor . 
 ` doctor , there you are ! ' 
 he turned , relieved and shocked , to see a familiar-looking woman quick march towards them . 
 he almost choked when adra dimal stopped , lowered her hood , and brought her hand to her breast in salute to the guards . 
 credulous to her deception they returned the greeting , removing their hands from their holstered weapons . 
 noah coughed several times before straightening his back and bracing himself . 
 ` apologies for the misunderstanding , ' dimal said , hiding behind a phony titanese accent , ` but i bring confirmation from the general 's office . 
 callista berenguer is to be moved tonight . 
 doctor gigia is here to oversee her relocation . ' 
 ` the general left the cities on board the quasar this afternoon , ' the closest soldier said . 
 ` yes ... well ... word has been received from his vessel . 
 the old woman is to be taken for further tests . ' 
 the two soldiers looked to each other . 
 ` right now ? ' 
 ` yes , right away ... sir . ' 
 the closest frowned and glared at noah , who nodded in concurrence . 
 ` what tests are those then , doctor ... gigia ? ' 
 now she 's done it , he thought , adjusting his stolen name badge . 
 what do i say ? 
 fortunately dimal concealed his hesitation for him . 
 ` more of the usual , ' she said , breaking the almost dangerous silence . 
 ` you know how it is with these old ... chicatas ! ' 
 she grimaced at her own tease . 
 the guards laughed . 
 dimal assumed an obviously-forced cackle . 
 she had quite clearly done this before . 
 noah attempted to laugh but found that , coupled with his almost noticeable quivering , all that came out was air . 
 dimal widened her eyes and nodded , and the duplicitous doctor gigia moved for the door . 
 ` he 'll be in and out as quick as antimatt , ' she said cheerily , taking a step herself . 
 noah knew something was wrong , however , when both guards placed their hands on the hilts of their electric weapons . 
 ` the only problem is , ' grunted one , ` the old woman was moved two hours ago . ' 
 ` oh , furka ! ' 
 the guards tried for their weapons , but adra dimal already had hers in her grip . 
 she snapped her arm up and , crashing the back of her blaster into the closest guard 's chin , sent a bolt of blue light at the armed hand of the other . 
 the limb was taken clean off . 
 noah yelped and stuck out his foot . 
 the first soldier backed over it and tumbled backward into the wall . 
 grinning proudly at the part he 'd played in the scuffle , he watched his captain take hold of the barely-conscious one-armed man and hold her weapon to his cranium . 
 ` you say she 's been moved ? ' 
 dimal shouted . 
 ` where to ? ' 
 he struggled , but she held firm -- fire in her eyes . 
 ` where to ?! ' 
 ` you wo n't do it ! ' 
 he cried . 
 ` trust me , ' noah warned him , ` she will . ' 
 ` where to ? ' 
 she prodded him with the blaster . 
 ` okay , okay ! ' 
 he said . 
 ` two floors up . 
 thirty-second floor . 
 but you wo n't get far -- they already know you 're here ! ' 
 she slammed the weapon into his skull and sent him out cold . 
 ` come on ! ' 
 she cried , and they took off running . 
 chapter fifty-four aleksey vasily waited for his signal . 
 the viewing station of the quasar emptied . 
 a mistake could not be afforded , he reminded himself ; the slightest error would make it all come crashing down . 
 the córonat 's orders were too important . 
 so many lives were at stake . 
 the last crewmember stepped out of the room , leaving captain mendoza , a solid , sturdy-looking woman , to dead-bolt the access gate . 
 she stepped into position beside vasily , out of sight , leaving only one stood at the main deck , alone and leaning with both hands on the engraved metal railing . 
 vasily took a deep breath , releasing it slowly . 
 general berenguer took his hands from the rail and placed them behind his back , closing his eyes as the lights dimmed . 
 in the place where space was visible in all its grace suddenly appeared several screens ; upon each was the image of a man or woman : representatives of the great worlds and leaders of the systemal alignment . 
 vasily had done his research ; he recognised each of their glowering scowls , all of which were aimed identically towards the general before them . 
 ruben went to open his mouth , but was cut off . 
 ` who do you think you are threatening , you fool ? ' 
 cried one man . 
 ` i agree ! ' 
 uttered a second , and then a third . 
 ` what gives you the right to coerce us into cooperation ? ' 
 ` with blackmail of all ploys ! ' 
 ` enough of your warmongering ! ' 
 ` hear hear ! ' 
 ` dog ! ' 
 the rabble took some minutes to die down . 
 it was only then that ruben spoke , calmly and decidedly unflustered . 
 ` i take it you each received your summons ? ' 
 ` if by summons you mean the message threatening to release confidential alignment documents , then yes , i did , ' answered a skinny , middle-aged man . 
 vasily recognised the beard-infested man as representative lord di-sak of bravoral -- capital world of the third system , accentauria . 
 ` i regret that it had to come to that , my lord , ' ruben said . 
 ` i 'll make sure you do regret it , ' di-sak grunted in return . 
 ` the high court beckons , general ! ' 
 ` i for one think it was despicably cunning , ' said another man , ` but nonetheless a genius , and without doubt necessary , move . ' 
 ` thank you , von viticus , ' the general said . 
 vasily surveyed the elderly gentleman , whose spectacles hung from the end of his generously-proportioned nose . 
 the von , leaders of the many provinces of earth , he recalled , had always been friendly to titan . 
 ` well you would think that , ' di-sak addressed von viticus . 
 ` you 're not in the alignment ! ' 
 ` true , true . 
 but the affiliation protects the interests of earth as much as bravoral or mar-andra . 
 why else , in your all-consuming wisdom , do you imagine i am here ? ' 
 lord di-sak grunted . 
 in all the meetings of the baren igoth -- of which there had been few -- not a single one had been gathered like theirs . 
 the meeting had traditionally been held upon a host world and all representatives would attend in person . 
 but now they were onboard the quasar , transmitting on vulnerable and easily-exposed wavelengths . 
 he recalled an old aphorism : all desperate times demand dangerous deeds . 
 the general began by introducing the members of the baren igoth to chief vasily , who stepped forward and spoke of his ordeal and struggle with the armies of the dishan upon rotavar . 
 he performed his part well enough ; they were impressed by his courage but it seemed they still wavered at the thought of uniting against crilshar . 
 lord di-sak continued to dispute any and all arguments ruben put forth . 
 ` the hopelessly out dated vision of a humanity united has long since passed , ' he told the other members , whilst keeping his eyes fixed on the general . 
 ` the human race has split through the core . 
 he who stretches out his arms , desperately grasping for the others , will find too late he has no arms left with which to break his own fall . ' 
 ruben sighed . 
 ` you believe we do not need each other ? ' 
 ` i did not say that . 
 you may require assistance , but the moons of bravoral are strong on their own . ' 
 ` as is the samosian queendom , ' said kind-lady musarat , representative of the queen of samos . 
 ` my mistake , ' ruben said . 
 ` i had n't realised the days when the strong helped the weak were over . 
 i was not aware i would be meeting with egocentric invertebrate . ' 
 another bout of jeers and catcalls broke out . 
 ` empires and superpowers emerge , shrivel , and supersede each other in the annals of history , ' di-sak said . 
 ` the systemal alignment is over . 
 crilshar is now no more a threat than any other world , including yours . 
 bravoral and its moons have remained untouched . 
 are you suggesting i make war on a world which has done nothing to injure mine ? ' 
 ` nothing yet , ' said vasily . 
 ` what was that ? ' 
 ` you heard the first time , my lord , ' ruben answered . 
 ` to make war on one of us it to make war on all . ' 
 ` i disagree , ' said musarat . 
 ` it would appear to me , ' di-sak said , ` strong as my discernment is , that your goals are driven by your need for revenge . ' 
 ` what are you saying ? ' 
 ` your family was present upon aurora , was it not ? ' 
 ` yes , but that -- ' ` then you admit yourself that you are tainted with hatred for crilshar at their loss ? 
 if indeed crilshar is responsible . ' 
 ` no , i -- ' ` who would not want retribution in your place ? ' 
 vasily watched ruben 's hand tighten into a fist behind his back . 
 ` are you even certain , ' asked kind-lady musarat , ` that the dishan are responsible for the attack on aurora ? ' 
 ` who else would attempt such a horror ? ' 
 ` exercise caution in your judgement , general , ' spoke von viticus . 
 ` yes , it is entirely likely the new dishan alliance is behind the attack , but what evidence do we have that this is true ? ' 
 ` none . ' 
 di-sak laughed . 
 ` absolutely none at all ! ' 
 ` that is not true , ' ruben said . 
 ` loss of communication with outpost aurora was noticed first by the moons of ammisaduqa , which sent a retrieval vessel , but found no survivors . 
 upon discovering portions of a fragmented titanese vessel they immediately sent me their reports . 
 in short , the recovery team from aurora found very few artefacts which can be used as evidence . 
 but they have confirmed that the explosives used to destroy the outpost were of those developed and used by a faction within the new dishan alliance . 
 pavar xd-10s to be exact . ' 
 vasily watched the general step down to the middle of the viewing centre and take a small disk from his pocket , placing it onto the control panel and projecting an account detailing the attack on aurora to each member of the baren igoth . 
 von viticus frowned and sat back into his chair . 
 ` interesting , ' he said . 
 ` but not condemning . ' 
 musarat agreed . 
 ` the pavars developed the technology , ' she accepted , ` and our intelligence would suggest many dealings with crilshar , but the explosives in question have been sold in black markets for some years , have they not ? ' 
 ` this is n't evidence , ' di-sak grunted . 
 ` you disappoint me , general . ' 
 vasily eyed di-sak warily . 
 the lord placed red-shaded glasses on his thin , pompous nose , before peering upon ruben with remarkable disdain . 
 the chief found something in his approach very familiar . 
 what it was , he could n't quite grasp . 
 ruben took a deep breath . 
 ` we are not dealing with a substandard collection of underworld criminals here . 
 this is the dishan alliance we 're talking about . 
 a shortfall of evidence is an obstacle we will have to overcome . 
 but to do that each and every one of us has to accept that crilshar is a threat , whose aim is total control of the alignment . ' 
 ` what must we assume ? ' 
 viticus asked . 
 ` that the dishan have a strategy , ' he said . 
 ` and that that strategy involves something we have all heard of . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 said di-sak . 
 ruben placed both hands onto the balustrade , and lifted his head so that all of the gathering could see his face . 
 ` erebus , ' he said . 
 ` the weapon to destroy worlds . ' 
 chapter fifty-five dimal 's uncontrollable blonde curls bounced and lashed at noah 's face as he raced behind her up the stairs to the thirty-second floor of the infirmary . 
 ` you 're sure this is what the crazy old man on mars told you to do ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` find an old woman , who , in all probability , will be just as crazy as him ?! ' 
 ` first off , the old man was n't crazy , ' she said , leaping three steps in one . 
 ` and what makes you think she 'll be ? ' 
 ` ahem , it 's us ! ' 
 ` he said she can help find justus . 
 if there 's even a chance that 's true , i 'm taking it ! ' 
 ` how can she help ? ' 
 ` that ... he did n't say . ' 
 ` this is a terrible idea , adra , and you know it is . ' 
 she reached for her comm and raised it to her jaw line . 
 ` raj , you there ? ' 
 seconds passed , then : -- yup , i 'm here , cap’n ! 
 ` please tell me aíron veryan 's safely in titanese custody . ' 
 -- that 's a yup , cap’n ! 
 ` for sure ? 
 we can leave knowing she 's safe ? ' 
 if it had n't been for aíron veryan the flux would n't have even made it within titan 's domes . 
 any official of the titanese guard , noah knew , would be disinclined to refuse asylum to royalty and their escort . 
 thank heavens for aíron veryan of manera . 
 -- without a doubt , raj replied . 
 she 's gone . 
 not our problem anymore . 
 ` good , ` cos we 're moving to plan b . 
 as in be ready ! ' 
 -- right-o . 
 good luck ! 
 she turned the link off and shot noah a look he knew all too well . 
 it was the same look justus gave when things were falling apart around them ; when he was inventing it all as he went along ; a look somewhere between anxiety and excitement ; a look he gave just before something bad happened . 
 ` here , ' dimal said , tossing him the electric weapon she 'd stolen from wherever she 'd managed to acquire her uniform . 
 ` what ? 
 i ... i do n't know how to use this ! ' 
 ` well now 's the time to learn ! ' 
 they reached the thirty-second floor , turned the corner , and , sure enough , found themselves faced with not two , but six coil-bearing guards . 
 ` a terrible idea ! ' 
 he shrieked . 
 ` shut up ! ' 
 she pulled him back round the corner . 
 ` hey , who 's there ? ' 
 they heard . 
 ` ready ? ' 
 she said . 
 ` no . ' 
 she bowed round and fired wildly . 
 the subsequent yelps told him that they now faced at least one guard less . 
 noah played with the coiled weapon 's controls as dimal sent blast after blast , the wall nearby burning black with persistent replies . 
 the deafening boom and crack of their weapons impaired his ability to hear dimal 's screeched orders . 
 ` well this is good , ' dimal said , dropping her weapon and breathing hair from in front of her face . 
 ` my blaster 's overheated . 
 this ca n't get any worse . ' 
 ` got it ! ' 
 noah said , pushing down the silver key of the coil -- a shooting pain surged the length of his arm . 
 he bit his tongue in shock , slamming his head against the wall . 
 ` noah ! ' 
 he shook his spinning head , knocked for six . 
 ` noah , you ass ! 
 you 've stunned yourself ! ' 
 ` i -- what ? ' 
 ` you 've shocked your own arm ! ' 
 ` i told you ! 
 terrible idea ! ' 
 dimal took the coil from him and leaned around the corner . 
 ` do n't come any closer ! ' 
 she told the guards . 
 ` i ca n't feel my arm , ' he said in a panic , attempting to move the ten-tonne limb and failing miserably . 
 ` no surprise , ' she said . 
 ` and now the coil wo n't work for me . 
 it 's assigned itself to your hand signature ! ' 
 ` well i ca n't work it ! ' 
 ` tough . 
 you 're gon na ' have to ! ' 
 she took hold of his one good arm , placed the coil into his palm . 
 the coil crackled into ignition and she pushed him around the corner . 
 ` shoot ! ' 
 he closed his eyes , and pressed the button . 
 baroom ! 
 dimal dragged him back as the corridor filled with smoke , joined by bits of rubble and the flailing arm of one of the guards . 
 ` oh , no , ' he said . 
 ` i did n't mean to kill anyone ! ' 
 ` i know you did n't , ' dimal said softly , snatching his face and kissing him on the forehead . 
 ` geroff ! ' 
 she grinned . 
 ` come on . ' 
 through the smoke and into the frenzied ward he found that his shot had missed the guards completely , instead striking the oxygen pipe leading into the ward and taking out the entire entrance to the unit , along with the rest of the soldiers . 
 more would no doubt be coming . 
 they rushed in and discovered the old woman lay unconscious in the middle of the row of beds . 
 his ears were ringing from the explosion , but noah could still make out the screaming from the other beds nearby . 
 one elderly woman jumped up , screamed ` intruder ! ' 
 and slapped him across the face . 
 ` ouch ! ' 
 he pulled the dividing screen across , muffling her squeals . 
 ` stop fooling about and come help me ! ' 
 dimal was trying to wake one of them . 
 noah fumbled about with the old woman 's chart , resting the board on the edge of the bed , and using his only working arm to examine it . 
 ` it says here that she woke up this evening for the first time in days , ' he said . 
 ` that 's when they moved her . ' 
 ` anything interesting in there ? ' 
 she asked , untying the monitoring machinery . 
 he flicked the page whilst checking his own arm , which still hung lifeless by his side . 
 ` it also says she 's allergic to ... err ... tómates . ' 
 ` what 're those ? ' 
 ` dunno . 
 tomatoes , i guess . ' 
 ` really ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 dimal seized a nearby lamp in frustration and launched it at him . 
 ` anything interesting and useful ? ' 
 ` ouch ! ' 
 noah massaged his shoulder ; the very same shoulder from which he 'd removed a bullet not two days ago . 
 he flicked the page again . 
 ` it says here she survived an injection of sizrthene . 
 wow , that 's fatal in the smallest measures . ' 
 ` maybe the old man was right , ' she said . 
 ` maybe she is a iástron . 
 quick , help me wake her . ' 
 ` she 's been sedated , ' he said . 
 ` so she ca n't walk ? ' 
 noah leant back with a hand on his hip . 
 ` not unless she sleepwalks ! ' 
 he looked about . 
 a number of the women had risen from their beds and disappeared out through the smoking hallway . 
 this was never part of the plan . 
 ` how do we get her out then ? ' 
 ` quick , grab that ! ' 
 she said , pointing to a wheelchair by the next bed . 
 ` we 'll wheel her out ! ' 
 ` this gets better and better ! ' 
 noah raced to the next bed , smiling awkwardly at the old woman who sat petrified beneath her sheets as he stole her chair . 
 they unclipped callista berenguer from the remaining monitors and lifted her into it , before rushing back out . 
 raj 's voice came through the loud-speaker of dimal 's comm as they ran : -- they 're all headed for you now . 
 there 's no way you 're getting outta ' that building , cap’n . 
 ` how else ? ' 
 noah cried . 
 -- head up to the roof ! 
 raj said . 
 there 's no other way out for you . 
 i 'll force my way through and get you myself . 
 ` no , do n't ! ' 
 -- oops , he said . 
 too late . 
 i 'm on my way . 
 they 're right behind ! 
 ` oh , great ! 
 you 'd better have a plan once you 're here then . 
 hurry ! ' 
 dimal took off toward the lifts ; there was no way they could get up the stairs wheeling the old woman . 
 noah ran behind pushing the chair with one hand , panting and calling for her to slow down . 
 they made it into the lifts and , expecting to find it full of enraged guards , were able to go straight up unhindered . 
 the abductors , however , were to suddenly find themselves faced with three problems simultaneously . 
 -- they 're storming the infirmary , guys , came raj 's voice through the link . 
 i 'm almost there ! 
 great , noah thought , hearing those words and at that very moment realising the haggard old dear in front of him was beginning to stir . 
 she raised her hand , clawing at his lab coat . 
 then dimal turned . 
 her face was white and her jaw slumped . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` there 's no accessible roof on this building , ' she said , pointing to the control panel , ` and the platform 's still damaged from the attack . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 she closed her eyes . 
 ` now we 're in trouble . ' 
 chapter fifty-six ernesta mendoza suffered every ounce of her general 's frustration . 
 she doubted there was anything he could say which would persuade the baren igoth of crilshar 's guilt . 
 they were too fearful of what they would have to do were the dark race 's guilt proven . 
 she surveyed the line of alignment representatives upon the great screen . 
 kind-lady musarat was more interested in her riches and high status than she was the wellbeing of the people of samos . 
 lord di-sak of mar-andra was a coward , a chauvinist xenophobe . 
 she 'd heard what he did to those who opposed him : pretty much the same as those who did n't . 
 von viticus was n't much better . 
 as delegate of the von of earth he was required to remain cordial at all times , not wishing to upset the existing state of affairs . 
 despite the fact that the von had always been supportive of titan and its aspirations , she doubted that was how viticus really felt . 
 if there was one among them that showed a glint of humanity , it was the imperial representative of enustine -- none other than the emperor himself . 
 he had simply watched , silent , until now . 
 but as the mind-boggling concept of the old rumour of erebus was brought up , enusti emperor abacco finally spoke . 
 ` you speak of an infiltrator , general . 
 a titanese mole within crilshar itself . 
 but you do not know who it is , nor whether they can be trusted . 
 this is what you are telling us ? ' 
 ` i know it sounds absurd -- ' ` oh , we passed absurd a long while back , ' di-sak grunted . 
 ` now you 're in the radius of a maniac . ' 
 ` belief or not , ' abacco said , ` show some respect , my lord . ' 
 di-sak grunted his response again . 
 ` even if we were able to prove crilshar 's guilt , what could we do to stop them ? ' 
 abacco asked . 
 ` their blockades are present in every system of man ! 
 the enusti armies are strong and plenty , but even now we struggle to repel passing encounters with innumerable barrages . 
 what would you consider the best course of action to take ? ' 
 ruben took a deep breath . 
 ` at this moment i would settle for nothing less than a single strike on crilshar itself . ' 
 mendoza felt herself filling with hope ; maybe the general could actually do it . 
 the several representatives before him , however , cried out in abhorrence . 
 ` never ! ' 
 ` not in a million decades ! ' 
 ` titan may no longer consider bravoral a friend ! ' 
 cried di-sak . 
 kind-lady musarat did not answer , and her image disappeared from the viewing screen . 
 others followed suit . 
 few remained . 
 ` lord di-sak , ' ruben said . 
 ` you have intelligence on the weapon erebus , have you not ? ' 
 ` not this idiocy again ! 
 erebus is a story . ' 
 ` erebus exists ! ' 
 he cried . 
 ` crilshar has found it , i assure you ! ' 
 di-sak slammed his fist into his monitor , cracking the glass in fury . 
 ` it does not exist ! 
 and the very fact you believe it does proves just how far gone you are , general ! ' 
 his image vanished from the screen . 
 ruben brought his hand to his mouth . 
 mendoza stepped down to his side . 
 the baren igoth was falling apart . 
 without proper support , crilshar would go on with titan powerless to counter-assault . 
 silent moments passed . 
 ` there may have been hope , ' said emperor abacco , ` were we having this meeting years ago . 
 back when the alignment was strong , back when the iástrons lived among us . 
 would that those days had stayed but a little longer . 
 they were brighter times , but they have fallen . 
 and so will these . ' 
 ruben sighed . 
 ` it does n't have to be that way . ' 
 ` i 'm afraid none of us have that choice , ' he replied . 
 ` my thoughts are with you . ' 
 and he was gone . 
 only one image remained before them . 
 only one would stand beside titan . 
 von viticus sighed deeply . 
 ` you are certain that crilshar is responsible for the attack at aurora , and has attained the weapon erebus ? ' 
 viticus asked calmly . 
 ` yes , ' ruben said . 
 ` then the von and earth will aid you , general . 
 we are the oldest of allies and i for one would rather assist you and fail than not act and still come to nothing . ' 
 ruben nodded weakly . 
 ` thank you . ' 
 ` be aware that to invade such a strong and well-defended world we must have more support than we do now , ' said the von . 
 ` yux dishan is merciless ; his sister avaj eloquent and powerful ; and they have wivartha dishan , one of the greatest tacticians to emerge in our time . 
 the three will no doubt have anticipated battle . 
 and titan , rotavar , and earth combined can not break through the many levels of crilshar . ' 
 the general nodded again . 
 ` i will do all that i can to rally more assistance . 
 we deploy in twenty-four hours . ' 
 ` then our hope goes with you . ' 
 the von removed his glasses and bowed . 
 ` hope will ever remain so long as there stands one good man among the dark . 
 ruben berenguer , you are that man . ' 
 chapter fifty-seven complete and utter horror flashed across noah 's face as he glared at dimal . 
 spasms prickled the length of his arm , its feeling returning -- the only positive in their current circumstance . 
 but that was about it . 
 ` what do we do ? ' 
 he said . 
 dimal gazed back , unable to gather a sentence . 
 ` i ... uh . ' 
 ` what ? 
 what do we do ? ' 
 ` we ... ' ` i wish justus was here . 
 he 'd have us out ! ' 
 the elevator shot towards the non-existent infirmary roof . 
 noah bit his fingernails and watched dimal , who suddenly noticed callista berenguer clawing weakly at his lab coat . 
 ` she 's awake ! ' 
 dimal cried . 
 ` you think ? ' 
 ` well , why did n't you say ? ' 
 ` oh , ' he said , frantically , ` i 'm sorry if i 've got a few things to think about right now ! ' 
 dimal ignored him and stooped down ; she put her hand on their abductee 's arm and the woman gazed at her , half conscious . 
 they stared for some moments , intensely searching . 
 then dimal leaned forward and whispered carefully into her ear , before standing back up , still holding her hand and her gaze . 
 ` head ... to ... platform ... anyway . ' 
 ` huh ? ' 
 they both looked to the dark-skinned woman in shock . 
 ` what ? ' 
 noah said . 
 ` did she just -- ' ` yes i did , you fool ! ' 
 said the old woman . 
 ` do as ... i say and head for the ... platform . ' 
 though hesitant , dimal did as she was told and pushed the button , sending them back down to the fifty-ninth floor . 
 noah gulped . 
 did the old woman realise she had just given them instructions which , if all went to plan , would result in her abduction ? 
 or was it a trap , luring them into the open and out onto a platform that no longer existed ? 
 he edged beside his captain . 
 ` is she really a iástron ? ' 
 ` that 's what the old man on mars said . ' 
 noah gulped again . 
 ` they 're ... heading up to ... the platform too , ' the old woman said , groggy but resilient . 
 dimal rested a hand on her shoulder . 
 ` what do we do when we get there ? ' 
 she took dimal 's hand and used her strength to help lift herself from the chair . 
 ` just ... wait . 
 i 've ... seen it . ' 
 noah squirmed . 
 ` seen it ? 
 seen what ? ' 
 the elevator door opened . 
 the three poured out and rushed along the corridor . 
 at the end of immaculate , shrubbery-laden arches lay the rubble of the open terrace . 
 the attack on titan had taken out buildings and landmarks , as well as the extended platform of the central infirmary . 
 it was a dead end . 
 the crimson flux had n't a chance in hell of landing . 
 just in time , from below their ship rose ; the only way out . 
 raj waved from the cockpit and cried through the comm : -- i ca n't land ! 
 shree , go for the winch ! 
 the rear port of the ship opened slowly and jayashri timbur looked down at them from its opening . 
 but the dreadful roar tearing through the air sent noah sick to his stomach . 
 in the distance he could make out several hovercraft thundering towards them . 
 the titanese guard were coming , and something told noah nuveen they would receive no clemency . 
 ` this is impossible ! ' 
 he yelled above the roar and the storm of the engine . 
 ` we do n't have time ! 
 there 's room for two on that hoist . 
 one of us will have to stay behind ! ' 
 ` you two go ! ' 
 dimal said . 
 ` it 's okay . ' 
 ` oh , do be quiet you fools ! ' 
 callista shrieked . 
 ` do as i say and wait ! 
 stop whimpering , noah . 
 and take out your blaster , adra . ' 
 the flux hovered close , its rear port facing the building head on with nothing less than a fatal plunge dividing . 
 the craft rose steadily higher , passing above them . 
 a cable and harness dropped down . 
 but not close enough . 
 noah leaned out , titan 's streets visible far below . 
 but he could not grasp the cable . 
 ` it 's no use ! ' 
 ` take my hand , ' the old woman told him , and she clutched noah 's arm in a talon-like grip . 
 and then , before he knew it , she had pushed him over the edge . 
 the shock of it almost killed him there and then , but in the sudden grip of fear he stretched out both arms and found the cable . 
 the stunned limb lost its grip , but the other found the harness and by god it was not about to let go . 
 shree hauled him up as quickly as she could , and once inside noah grasped her as tight as he could , having never been so happy to be on board the flux . 
 she grinned and picked him up . 
 massaging his hip and the wound in his shoulder , he stood and gasped as a missile penetrated the rear port . 
 wait , no . 
 not a missile . 
 noah and shree watched as dimal and callista , now airborne , soared through the dark space of night and landed on top of them in a groaning heap . 
 at once dimal was on her feet and , raising her blaster , retracted the cord back inside it . 
 ` forget justus , ' he said . 
 ` you 're brilliant ! ' 
 shree slammed the ramp closed and they all ran through the interior of the craft and into the cockpit , where raj twisted and turned the flux 's controls to avoid the titanese hovercraft , now right behind . 
 a salvo of bullets or shrapnel or whatever they used to bring down their enemies brushed past the craft and noah , shree , and callista took refuge in the corner . 
 ` move over ! ' 
 dimal shouted to raj and she forced him from the pilot 's seat . 
 she pushed them into a vertical drop , driving the flux down past the infirmary and through the narrow city streets . 
 the guard followed hesitantly , careful not to affect more damage to their home than had already been caused . 
 they left the streets , still ensnared in the central city like a great eagle in an aviary . 
 ` how do we get out ? ' 
 noah said , clutching the wall and wishing somebody would for once tell him the whole plan . 
 ` we ca n't go back the way we came , ' dimal said , avoiding a vicious assault and yelping as she chipped the top off another tall structure . 
 ` we 'll never get back to the dock ! ' 
 ` i have an idea , ' raj said . 
 ` well i suppose that 's reason to be hopeful ! ' 
 noah snivelled . 
 ` quiet , slug ! ' 
 letting go of the secondary controls raj turned to the screen beside him . 
 ` what 're those ? ' 
 dimal asked . 
 ` central city plans . ' 
 he looked to dimal . 
 ` head up . ' 
 she obeyed . 
 they fled higher and higher . 
 noah swallowed painfully , his sinuses straining with three deep pops . 
 ` this is reckless -- absurd ! ' 
 but dimal kept her cool , having left the enemy craft in her wake . 
 ` darling , ' she said through gritted teeth , ` where am i heading ? ' 
 ` wait for it , ' raj said . 
 ` waaait for it . ' 
 ` oh , come on ! ' 
 ` there ! ' 
 he said , pointing to the uppermost bend in the dome . 
 ` an auxiliary tunnel . 
 head for it ! ' 
 the flux shot upward , gaining speed , and as they reached the auxiliary escape tunnel raj accessed the gate through the flux 's cpu and the tunnel opened . 
 dimal forced the ship through . 
 another tunnel lay beyond , and eventually the last thing preventing their freedom . 
 ` this 'll be reinforced , ' raj said . 
 ` get firing then ! ' 
 the craft shook and vaulted through the breach . 
 noah collapsed to the ground as they pummelled through , unscathed , disappearing into the thick , red haze of titan 's atmosphere . 
 shree lifted him up and held him tight as dimal laughed and raj hooted at their impossible getaway . 
 noah found himself so relieved he actually joined in , jumped up and down , wolf-whistling and cheering . 
 it was only when he looked down and raj pointed to his crotch in a tactless fit of laughter he realised that , in all the excitement , he had in fact wet himself . 
 ` perfect . ' 
 once he had dried himself off and changed into a tight old pair of justus ' pants , he sauntered up to the cockpit , passing the iástron , raj , and shree as they sat apart , silent , and approached dimal , who navigated them through the complexities of the saturnian system . 
 the asteroid belt reached out beneath them : shards and chunks of ice and rock numbering billions . 
 ` we 'll be ready to make the leap shortly , ' she told him as he approached . 
 ` wonderful , ' he replied . 
 ` now tell me something . 
 we did as the old man told us . 
 now what ? ' 
 dimal flicked a number of switches and leaned back . 
 ` now we save justus . ' 
 ` and just how do we do that ? ' 
 he said , almost at breaking point . 
 ` i know , i know . 
 we follow the old man 's coordinates across the systems in this piece of junk , avoiding crilshan armadas and the innumerable amount of other vessels no doubt after us now , with the giant and brains and an old crackpot who just threw me from that tower 's fifty-ninth floor , all in the hope that we can trust some stranger only you have ever seen , who wo n't even tell us who he is ?! ' 
 dimal nodded without turning . 
 ` yes . ' 
 he breathed in deep . 
 ` okay then . ' 
 ` you done ? ' 
 ` pretty much . 
 i do have one more issue . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` we just abducted that old woman . ' 
 ` yeah ... and ? ' 
 ` well do n't you think it strange she just agreed to come along , and even helped us kidnap her ? ' 
 she turned and looked straight at him . 
 ` the old man on mars told me to tell callista something . 
 he told me she 'd help no matter what i asked . ' 
 ` the old man told you to tell her what ? ' 
 dimal leaned closer . 
 ` i 'm not sure what it means , but whatever it is , it worked . ' 
 ` what did you whisper to her in the elevator , adra ? ' 
 the weary woman 's eyes met with noah 's . 
 ` i told her that her master sends his call . ' 
 chapter fifty-eight springing awake , anna felt a hand touch hers . 
 it was cold . 
 a mask or heavy helmet was lifted from her face , forcing her eyelids to fasten shut as they collided with the light . 
 slowly opening them again she looked into the intense , piteous eyes of the man from her nightmares . 
 he looked back at her and removed the ear-caps . 
 ` here , ' he said , removing the wrap from over her mouth and holding out a small cup of water . 
 ` you must be thirsty . ' 
 he was right . 
 she was so thirsty she could hardly open her mouth , but she refused the water and whimpered , ` who ... who are you ? 
 where are we ? ' 
 he did not answer . 
 ` drink , ' he told her . 
 she refused again , too weak to move her head as she leaned back , just enough to discern her whereabouts : a long room , some sort of cargo bay or holding cell . 
 the distorted walls were lined with people just like her , sitting in rows , bound and masked in heavy metal . 
 none were moving or even making a sound ; blind , deaf , and mute . 
 ` drink , ' he said a third time , and again anna refused . 
 ` what 's your name ? ' 
 ` anna . ' 
 ` beautiful name , anna , ' he said with a slight , gentle smile , very different from the angry , violent man she had seen upon aurora . 
 ` i 'm antal . ' 
 ` my ... my sister , ' she said . 
 ` where is she ? 
 is ... is she all right ? ' 
 ` the young girl ? 
 blonde ? ' 
 anna nodded . 
 ` over there . 
 she 's okay . ' 
 and he put down the cup , raised the mask , and placed it back over anna 's sweating face . 
 a nauseating reek filled her lungs and at once her head spun ; she swooned and fell back into a forced sleep . 
 back in her nightmare , she was surrounded by darkness , the black , overwhelming orb , and the same man . 
 gilaxiad ! 
 she heard , deep and booming . 
 gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! 
 and before she knew it , she was awake once more . 
 all was dark . 
 a constant drone on all sides only encouraged the feeling of both hunger and nausea . 
 how long she had been out was impossible to tell ; she knew only that she was being taken somewhere . 
 could it be the dishan ? 
 was she on her way to crilshar that very moment ? 
 searching her mind she attempted to recall past events . 
 her brain felt like a brittle , dry sponge , memories seeping through , but she could remember the long journey from titan , the chaos on rotavar , the loss of jon . 
 how could she have forgotten him ? 
 she recalled the voyage onboard the stellarstream , her guilt for allowing gílana to join her , and the desperate longing to see uncle ruben once more . 
 then it all returned : the destruction on the old outpost ; the fire and the death and the man from her nightmares . 
 the pale man . 
 gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! 
 for the second time anna felt the cold touch of skin on her bound hands , and again her mask was removed . 
 ` hello , anna . ' 
 anna did not reply . 
 she did , however , accept the drink of water from antal that time . 
 looking down at her arm it appeared she was being fed something through a tube . 
 but she still felt weak , and did not speak to antal justus ; and for the second time he left her , placing the mask back on . 
 * * * antal justus crept into the eerily quiet cockpit of the fated chaos , the lighting low as two pilots basked in the pensive silence . 
 the steady hum of the ship 's ultimatt engine soothed him . 
 this is where he was meant to be : onboard a ship . 
 his ship . 
 how he missed the flux , his crew , the danger ; but most of all that sense of freedom he found whenever he lifted his beauty up and into the endless starry skies . 
 he 'd not stopped thinking of anna since they 'd set off . 
 there was something about her , something he could n't place a finger on . 
 breathing deeply , he lingered a short time , bringing a hand to his chin and stroking the small amount of dark stubble that had built up in the past two weeks . 
 the assignment lesper had given him had n't gone exactly to plan . 
 he had n't anticipated for a second that they would encounter as much resistance as they did . 
 the setback meant his craft had only just made it away from aurora , but not before receiving some damage of its own ; and so he had made the decision to head for enustine-controlled chiro , a small , unterraformed world . 
 they 'd kept their captives alive and hidden there for five days . 
 but five days at a complete standstill was five days too many . 
 so many thoughts and worries filled his sorely strung-out mind . 
 gravest of all , and constantly at the forefront of his cares , was the distressing message they 'd received whilst on chiro . 
 they 'd left as soon as the message had arrived , repairs unfinished . 
 the pilots realised that justus had been stood behind them and so jumped up , dragging their feet from the dash , and at once they began checking dials and various protocols , pressing buttons superfluously . 
 ` relax , fellas ' , ' justus said , and the two slowed with relief . 
 ` any more word from erebus station ? ' 
 ` no , captain . 
 nothing . ' 
 ` communication ? ' 
 ` none , sir . ' 
 justus sighed . 
 ` play the message again . ' 
 ` yes , sir . ' 
 most of the transmission was missing , which was to be expected given erebus ' proximity to the communication outposts , but the panicked voice of araman alwar broke through the incoming garble of hisses , clicks , and a whole load of static . 
 ` captain just -- ... disaster has ... they escaped ... -- our help ... -- ast as you -- ... pass ... we hope you -- ... it looks ... dead . ' 
 the unnerving tone of the signal made justus ' heartbeat accelerate ; as though an alarm were racing through his entire body and no one else could hear it . 
 two words stuck with him : ` they escaped . ' 
 a shiver flew down his spine . 
 none of those now with him knew what he knew about the creatures lesper and kramer had been experimenting with . 
 if one of those things had gotten loose then he did n't much fancy returning with a ship anything less than one-hundred percent . 
 without another option and despite his qualms , he maintained the chaos ' course for return to erebus and mentioned to no one what was , or may no longer be , contained in section six . 
 * * * anna looked deep into antal justus ' eyes . 
 ` your sister is doing well , ' he told her on his fourth visit since aurora . 
 ` her condition is steady . 
 she 's coping fine . ' 
 ` can i see her ? ' 
 she asked . 
 his eyebrows rose a little , his strong jaw slumped somewhat ; as though he understood , as though he wanted nothing more than to say yes . 
 ` i 'm afraid i ca n't allow it . ' 
 anna swallowed . 
 her eyes welled with tears . 
 the third time he had come to see the young girl , they spoke a little , though she noticed he was very good at avoiding parting with any real information . 
 justus was an unusual man . 
 how could somebody do what he had done so cruelly and yet appear to care for her ? 
 time passed and very soon she felt no fear of him at all . 
 after almost an hour in silence he said , unexpectedly , ` i feel as though i know you , anna . ' 
 ` wh ... what do you mean ? ' 
 he edged closer and breathed deeply . 
 ` do you believe in premonitions , anna ? ' 
 ` you mean like visions ? 
 dreams ? ' 
 ` yeah . ' 
 ` well , actually -- ' ` it 's a stupid question , ' he said . 
 ` forget it . ' 
 and he knelt nearby for some time with a sad , silent struggle in his eyes . 
 his teeth gritted ; his expression foreboding . 
 ` are we going to crilshar ? ' 
 anna dared to ask . 
 he looked up , concerned . 
 ` crilshar ? 
 why would you think that ? 
 do i look crilshan to you ? ' 
 ` no you do n't . 
 i just ... i -- ' ` what 's your full name ? 
 anna what ? ' 
 ` driad , ' she said , instinctively , remembering her uncle 's words : if ever they were captured or found themselves in danger , they were not to use their true names . 
 anna driad was her assumed title . 
 these people were not crilshan , and she had no idea who they could be . 
 ` driad , ' justus repeated . 
 ` from titan ? ' 
 ` no , ' she said , without thinking . 
 ` we stowed away ... me and my sister ... when the soldiers from titan landed on rotavar . 
 the crilshans attacked us . ' 
 ` i know . ' 
 justus stood , frowning . 
 ` i was there . ' 
 ` you said you 're not working for crilshar ! ' 
 ` i 'm not . 
 or , at least i do n't think i am . ' 
 that was it for their fourth encounter . 
 antal justus said nothing more ; and he simply placed the mask carefully back over her face , imposing upon her the world of nightmares once more . 
 the eternal dwelling of darkness , terror , and gilaxiad . 
 chapter fifty-nine general ruben berenguer looked out at the gusting image of space blazing around him . 
 here we are , he thought . 
 word had reached him . 
 they had arrived within proxima . 
 this is where it begins . 
 the scarlet sun of proxima loomed . 
 the closest planet to the system 's star was crilshar itself . 
 save for the capital world , very few bodies orbited proxima . 
 some were inhabited . 
 others were not . 
 one of those inhabited bodies was known as gobisla . 
 and gobisla is where the quasar now arrived . 
 the ultimatt engines had been cut two hours earlier , allowing time for the reverse engines to begin deceleration . 
 for all intents and purposes , ruben was steady , clear-headed , and retained his resilient authority . 
 but in actual fact he was dying . 
 every long , agonizing moment he spent leaping through space was a moment wasted . 
 anna and gílana were out there , and he would tear crilshar to ruins to find them . 
 ` general ? ' 
 a hand gripped his shoulder . 
 ` general ? ' 
 he snapped himself out of his contemplation . 
 chief aleksey vasily stood beside him , motioned to the image on the viewing centre screen : a foreign planetary system . 
 directly ahead rose gobisla . 
 ` i saw what you were reading in the analysis room , ' vasily said . 
 ` i know where you 're taking us . ' 
 ` you do ? ' 
 ` we 're going to see the retanis , are n't we ? ' 
 ruben blinked . 
 ` we are . ' 
 ` are you mad ? ' 
 ` evidently . ' 
 vasily frowned . 
 ` i do n't know much about the retanis , ' he said , ` and call me misinformed , but i was under the impression that relations between the retani dynasty and titan were less than cordial . ' 
 ` you are not misinformed , chief , ' he said , sighing and folding his arms . 
 ` contact between our worlds was cut before the last conflict with crilshar and the alignment , over fifty years past . 
 you may be aware the retani dynasty possesses a consortium of three moons in the centre of this system . ' 
 ` proxima . ' 
 ` yes , two of which are used solely as prison moons . ' 
 ` hellfire and tartarus ? ' 
 ruben bowed his head . 
 ` they 're powerful , very powerful . 
 but they keep to themselves when it comes to systemal politics . ' 
 ` i read that the crilshans leave them alone , which is why they are n't in the dishan alliance and why there was never a retani representative at the baren igoth . ' 
 ` again true . 
 the dishan have long tried to buy the support of the retanis . 
 but they 've kept themselves out of important matters . 
 for too long if you ask me . 
 if what we believe is true and this weapon the crilshans are cultivating can take titan out of the equation so easily , then i see no reason why they wo n't then turn it on every other power that can threaten them . 
 i think the time has come to reopen negotiations with gobisla . ' 
 vasily lingered at ruben 's side , staring at the large , barren planet ahead . 
 ` i did some reading of my own , ' he said . 
 ` they run their prison moons as a business , turning over more profit than any world out there . ' 
 ` the galaxy will never run out of criminals . 
 but we do have one slight issue . ' 
 ` that being ? ' 
 ` they will likely only help us if they believe it to be in their interest . ' 
 ` then how do we persuade them helping us is in their interest ? ' 
 ` simple , ' ruben said with a nervous grin . 
 ` we lie . ' 
 vasily could not contain his shock , and backed up , knocking into a passing guard and tumbling down the sliding ramp , taking down another on the next level . 
 the general would have offered a hand , but the viewing screen in front of them all flashed off . 
 everyone stopped what they were doing . 
 vasily remained sat on his backside at the bottom of the ramp . 
 in place of the image of gobisla there burst the large , scarlet face of an overweight man . 
 his strawberry-blond hair reached around his forehead tightly , stretching into a bow at the back . 
 ` g ... g ... g ... gweetings ! ' 
 the fat man called with a hysterical chortle , ` fwom the gweatest , most powerful , and supewiowsly affluent wetani system ! 
 home to the mighty wetani family . ' 
 he gazed down at the general , puzzled , but continued his obviously-rehearsed introduction regardless . 
 ` you now have two choices : continue onward and state your intended dealings here , or else turn and wun like snivelling little dogs ! 
 which is it to be ? ' 
 ruben unfolded his arms ; his legs shook beneath him . 
 ` i ask you give word to the mater retani gobisla and his mistresses -- ' ` what word ? ' 
 ` that general ruben berenguer of titan seeks his audience . ' 
 the portly chap almost fell from his chair . 
 ` genewal ! 
 genewal ! 
 titan ! 
 heavens ! 
 hum ! ' 
 he shouted to the little man cowering beside him . 
 ` hum ! 
 go wun an ewand you sluggish fool ! 
 tell my father -- ' and with that the image disappeared . 
 ruben turned to the men and women stood around him , and the approaching form of vasily with a weak , though slightly amused grin , and said , ` i gather that means yes . ' 
 * * * while the vast , metal body of the quasar remained in close orbit , the vessel 's shuttlecraft descended through the dense gas clouds of the foremost moons in the retani peninsula . 
 once the signal had been received from gobislan command and the general prepared his shuttle to embark for the given coordinates , chief vasily insisted on going with him , as did the general 's elite personal guard , which vowed not to leave his side . 
 and so together they descended . 
 vasily knew he had to remember his mission . 
 the córonat had made his charge quite clear . 
 and so far it was working . 
 he hung his head as he sat beside the general . 
 for him it was too late . 
 there was no stopping the coming events . 
 he had truly surrendered his soul ... ` the name of the largest and most central moon in the peninsula changes with each new family head , ' ruben explained to him as their shuttle weaved its way along the moon 's dark horizon . 
 ` for several years now it has been known as gobisla , after the master retani gobisla . ' 
 ` and the planet ? ' 
 vasily asked . 
 ` the planet has no name . 
 it is a ruined world -- deserted and forgotten . 
 the planet 's three moons make up the peninsula by themselves . 
 hellfire and tartarus are used only as terraformed penal moons . 
 gobisla is where we 'll find the master . ' 
 vasily gulped , doing his very best to contain his worry . 
 ` do you think it wise though , general , turning to these scoundrels for help ? 
 how do you know they will not kill you on sight ... or worse ? ' 
 ` i do n't , my friend , but ... ' he bowed his head again , taking a moment to overcome some inner malady , before shaking himself alert . 
 ` nothing was ever won without risk . ' 
 ` well we 're certainly not short of risk , are we ? ' 
 but it seemed ruben now paid little attention to his grumblings ; the chief followed his gaze , looking out of the window at the dark shell of a city below . 
 in some way it resembled the domes of titan , except there was something missing : an air of light or the warmth of civility . 
 it was a shell , but an empty shell . 
 diving closer and closer to the black city one could understand why many of those born into the system of proxima lived with so much hatred and shadow in their hearts ; all there was was darkness . 
 one of the strange domes opened partially as they approached and the general told the craft 's pilots to take them inside . 
 they obeyed without question . 
 they all knew the risk they were taking , but they had faith in their leader . 
 among them , only vasily knew the general 's true fate . 
 mere seconds after leaving the craft and entering a small , dark passageway , however , vasily regretted joining the titanese on their mission . 
 the twelve guard halted suddenly as the general , who stood at the front of the group , raised his hand to stop them . 
 he had noticed something in front ; a vast red shroud hung ahead , blocking their way , only visible in their torchlight . 
 they continued forward slowly , approaching the shroud which hung , inviting , hungry , and sinister . 
 ruben held out his hand to touch it , perhaps hoping to sweep the lace aside and continue through . 
 as his fingers stroked the refined cloth , however , the enormous red veil which should not have prevented their passing burst into a sudden , dazzling flame . 
 ` back ! ' 
 ruben yelled . 
 ` go back ! 
 get out ! ' 
 vasily swore . 
 he 'd been right . 
 their only chance was to get out . 
 it had been a mistake trusting the proximans . 
 but as they turned , the group found their path blocked by dark figures , numbers hardly discernible in the darkness . 
 the guard pulled out their coilbolts , ignited blue sparks , and aimed them at the forms . 
 the chief whipped out his blaster and ruben ignited his own weapon . 
 but what occurred next they were hardly prepared for . 
 a swift blast of air burst in from above , dark brown and overpowering . 
 vasily coughed and choked . 
 ` poison ! ' 
 he cried , and he watched as the general and the soldiers around him swooned ; in seconds they had all fallen to the ground . 
 * * * men 's voices and the sound of laughter pulled vasily from his blackout . 
 coming around , he realised that he was being heaved along , his hands bound and legs dragging in the dirt behind him . 
 the people around them , dressed in vivid colours and wearing strange and horrifying masks , sang and jeered , cheering a tumultuous chant of their captives : ikri ko ka ! 
 the general 's ours ! 
 he waltzed on in behind cold metal bars , they 're ours ! 
 he 's ours ! 
 and so are his men , at one time they marched , but they wo n't march again ! 
 ` cos titan has fallen and crilshar has more than they do ! 
 ikri ko ka ! 
 the general 's dead ! 
 if the master do n't kill him then we 'll take his head , we 'll cut and we 'll slice and we 'll make for a meal , his guard for the dogs but my ! 
 he will squeal ! 
 for though he has nil we will take from him still , his life and his eyes and his will ! 
 ikri ! 
 we will ! 
 ikri ko ka ! 
 the general 's weak ! 
 though once he was strong he is far past his peak , his people they wander , and dark saturn 's yonder , but who ? 
 ikri ko ka ! 
 we do ! 
 it continued for some time , as they were taken on and through tunnel after tunnel ; hidden chamber and dark vault after another . 
 vasily kept his body limp , and only opened his eyes a fraction of an amount , hoping to glimpse movement from the others or at least remember the way they had come . 
 but soon it became impossible . 
 the singing and laughing went uninterrupted until they reached another red curtain , similar to that which had trapped them before . 
 this went without flame , and he could make out the image of a tusked beast : a boar or pig . 
 then , the still-dazed chief heard the sound of a voice . 
 high-pitched and full of a cunning jollity it spoke in the tongue of crilshar , as all peoples in the system of proxima were required to . 
 ` ikri ko kakriaa ! ' 
 it screeched . 
 ` you have the general ! 
 ikri ko kakriaa berenguer ! ' 
 though not as observable as a crilshan , his accent displayed vocal tendencies comparable to that of the dark race . 
 he lifted his head and watched the veil rise as though pinched by a concealed cord ; and there stepped through a small , thin morsel of a man . 
 he lifted his own mask , which resembled a dragon breathing fire , and smiled through crooked teeth at his prize . 
 ` wanam ! ' 
 cried the general from beside him , and all of the men jumped back in surprise . 
 ` wanam ! ' 
 he said again . 
 ` you have us , my men and i ! 
 we are at your mercy , unarmed , and prepared to speak . 
 whatever will you do with us now , i wonder . ' 
 the small , thin man stepped forward . 
 ` oh , i imagine my master will find a use for the famous general of titan ! ' 
 he licked his lips and snapped his teeth in the dim light . 
 vasily 's heart raced . 
 the general had no idea what he was doing . 
 they could only hope these creatures did n't kill them before ruben made it before the master retani . 
 ` speaking of old gobisla , ' ruben began , ` i would much like -- ' smack ! 
 the back of the retani 's hand found the general 's face . 
 the men around them hooted with laughter . 
 ` you will not speak of my master , let alone in such disrespectful terms ! 
 i am hum haraa , and you will address me ! ' 
 ` very well , hum , ' ruben said , ` are we to be taken before your most beneficent and gracious master , or not ? ' 
 hum smiled eerily , pressing his face so close to the general 's that their noses touched . 
 ` hmmm ... not ! ' 
 vasily gasped . 
 ` what ? ' 
 smack ! 
 a blinding pain shot through his head and he fell again from consciousness . 
 chapter sixty a bitter chill struck ruben berenguer 's bones . 
 when he woke it was as though he had been in a long dream of centuries . 
 he could have sworn he had heard anna 's voice crying for him . 
 ` i 'm here , ' he told her . 
 ` i 'm here ... i 've come for you . 
 you 're safe now . ' 
 another icy stroke hit him . 
 he shivered . 
 ` general ... general , wake up ! ' 
 he raised his pounding head and turned to see his men chained to the stone wall beside him , displayed in a long row . 
 most were awake , and bearing fearful expressions they had been stripped of their weapons , armour , and all of their clothing . 
 he looked around the small cell and saw chief vasily , hanging in the centre of the room , also unclothed . 
 the dungeon door swung open and hum haraa entered , and he was joined by the tallest and most stalwart warrior the general had ever seen . 
 ` hum , ' he pleaded . 
 ` hum , listen to me ! 
 we came here to warn your master . 
 if you would only -- ' ` no , no , no ! ' 
 hum dismissed him . 
 ` quiet now ! ' 
 the door slammed shut and the large man strode over to ruben , swinging an enormous fist into his chest and sending him into a spasm of splutters , while hum tottered over to vasily . 
 with a bony finger he prodded the chief in the chest , causing him to stir and gaze around at the sight before him . 
 terrified , he began to struggle . 
 ` no , no , no , ' hum said again , and he danced around the broad tables nearby , lifting from them pieces of equipment and the clothes and armour of the guard . 
 he grasped one of the coilbolts and fired in the direction of the hanging prisoners . 
 a blaze of bright light . 
 ` no ! ' 
 ruben screamed as the booming bolt slammed into one of his guard , who collapsed unconscious , face burnt and smoking . 
 ` hum , please ! ' 
 the large man slammed a fist into his chest a second time . 
 ruben struggled to breathe , spluttering like he 'd been pierced with a crilshan blade . 
 hum haraa stopped dancing and laughing and placed his large dragon-mask back over his head . 
 ` if you 'll excuse me , ' he said , ` i have a feast to attend to ! 
 i shall leave you here with my , hum , formidable friend ! ' 
 and he danced off , singing , ` ikri ko ka ! 
 ikri ko ka ! 
 ikri ko kakriaa , ha , ha , ha ! ' 
 the large retani turned and smiled with an enormous jawbone , chock-full of black-headed incisors . 
 ruben stopped struggling and wheezed in sharp gasps . 
 he did n't know how to get them out of this . 
 he 'd fallen at the first hurdle . 
 his girls would not have their uncle to save them now . 
 he closed his eyes and listened to the sound of his men ; they were not whimpering , simply watching , silent , as the creature before them made his way through their belongings . 
 opening his eyes again ruben watched the man take out another coil and copy hum , striking the guard beside him with a deadly bolt . 
 still his men remained silent . 
 the retani then lifted out of the pile of possessions the general 's black and silver coilbolt . 
 he swung it back and forth but it did n't work . 
 it activated for him alone . 
 the retani hammered it several times on the table in frustration , but very soon it was not the coil which found his interest . 
 ruben cringed as the creature raised a silver , black-orbed necklace from the pile . 
 ` no , ' ruben said . 
 ` that 's ... no , that 's mine . ' 
 the retani grinned , drooling saliva down his front . 
 he placed the necklace down upon the table and lifted the coilbolt high above . 
 slamming the hilt of the coil down , the large man suddenly stopped . 
 his head bobbed askew , and he gazed down at the jewel longingly , as though in a trance . 
 slowly , he lifted it up and placed it around his neck . 
 ` no , ' he whimpered . 
 callista had given him the necklace when he was a boy . 
 he had worn it all his life . 
 it was meant to be anna 's . 
 as he bowed his head , a stifled howl came from the witless retani . 
 without warning the enormous man seized up , clutching at his throat , shaking and struggling and gasping for air . 
 he writhed and cried , though no sound surfaced . 
 he collapsed to his knees and reached at the table for a nearby dagger ; and he struck his own throat with the blade , fighting to free himself . 
 a cruel thought struck ruben as he watched , and he cried , ` free me ! 
 i 'll help you if you free me ! 
 hurry ! ' 
 the large man dropped the blade and stumbled over , his face aflame a sickening purple . 
 he slammed his hand onto the wall above , releasing the chain and freeing the general . 
 ruben leaned over instantly and attempted to wrestle the necklace free from his throat . 
 blood coursed down his neck as the silver metal cut through . 
 the retani gasped and panted , and finally tensed up , slamming into the ground , lifeless . 
 almost immediately , the necklace loosened itself and ruben took it from him , wiping the blood on the retani 's garments . 
 this necklace is special , callista had told him , long ago . 
 it protects the bearer in uncertain odds . 
 ` indeed it does , ' he said aloud to himself as he turned and released his men from their shackles . 
 ` get back to the shuttlecraft , ' he told them as they dressed and re-armed themselves . 
 ` do as i say now . 
 i must go on alone . ' 
 ` you ca n't be serious , ' vasily said . 
 ` too many have died already . ' 
 ` and where are you going ? ' 
 ruben placed a hand on the chief 's shoulder . 
 ` i 'm going to get what i came for . ' 
 the dead retani 's breastplate and helmet were too large for the general , but he managed to place the armour over his own ; then , after watching his men run back along the tunnel , he proceeded to stumble towards the place from which a great furore of noise and music echoed . 
 the bellowing rang louder as he moved slowly through , weighed down by layers of armour . 
 the shrill swishes and harmonies of stringed instruments , joined by the deafening dance of drums and percussion , sent a tremble down the tunnel , until eventually he emerged in a stone courtyard . 
 beyond a score of tables rose a great stage upon which scantily-clad women danced with multi-coloured streamers ; they moved around an extended table where a dozen enormous men and women sat feasting . 
 there was no doubt : it could only be the great retani family . 
 between ruben and the stage sat at least two-hundred less extravagant -- though just as large -- men and women , and they sat feasting , chanting , singing , and launching streamers and food into the air , as a man danced from table to table . 
 hum haraa , still sporting his daunting dragon-mask , was dressed in bright clothes of red , yellow , and purple ; he was no soldier , no captain ; he was nothing but a mere court jester . 
 ruben stumbled down the stone steps and circled the border of food-laden tables . 
 his stomach ached at the sight of it all . 
 in a matter of minutes the general reached the great stage and stood as though on guard nearby . 
 his heart beat wildly ; his legs shook from the extra weight . 
 he was so close . 
 he had only to climb the steps beside him and he would be able speak to retani gobisla . 
 he was considering doing just that when laughing and jeering exploded at the other edge of the courtyard . 
 the feasting mass shifted in their seats . 
 ruben gazed across and his legs almost gave way . 
 every last one of his men was pushed down the far flight of steps and through the room ; hum haraa ran over and danced at the fore as they were dragged past the general , up the steps , and onto the stage . 
 he swore under his breath and , as though instinct had kicked in , followed the prisoners onto the platform . 
 he forced his way through and took hold of the chief . 
 vasily pulled away but ruben held firm . 
 he knelt down , whispered , ` it 's me . 
 stay calm . 
 do n't move . ' 
 vasily stopped struggling and swallowed deep . 
 however , before the general could react , hum haraa had descended from nowhere , wrapping coloured cloth around the general and his legs , pulling him to the ground in agony as everyone around laughed and pointed . 
 hum removed his stolen helmet and kicked him in the chest several times ; he fell to the ground , directly before master retani gobisla . 
 ` imposter ! ' 
 squealed hum . 
 ` imposter , master ! 
 did i do good ? 
 shall i cut him ? 
 he 's an imposter , a dangerous thing ! ' 
 ruben ripped one of his arms free and gripped his knife . 
 he head butted hum and sent him shrieking across the stage . 
 everybody in the audience suddenly stood , raising handfuls of food which they began to toss at him and his guard . 
 but the general rose to his feet . 
 hum launched himself back across the stage , but ruben caught the jester and forced him onto his back ; he drew a knife to his throat , gripping his blaster with his other hand , pointing the tip at master gobisla . 
 men and women among the lower tables gasped . 
 the music stopped and guards surrounded him . 
 silence . 
 then , quite unexpectedly , master gobisla began to laugh . 
 a roaring chortle filled the stage and the rest of the family joined in , looking to each other with great unease . 
 ` ha ! ' 
 cried gobisla , his golden robes hugging his globular form harshly . 
 ` a most excellent birthday present , hum ! 
 i had n't thought of executing you before . ' 
 hum whimpered and the smirk disappeared from gobisla 's inflated face . 
 ruben stood as straight as he could , the blaster aimed towards the retani . 
 ` i will not shoot you if your men stand down , ' he said . 
 nobody budged . 
 ` you damn-well move ! ' 
 screamed gobisla to his men , who looked to each other and backed away . 
 ` fools ! ' 
 he looked at the display before him and smiled again . 
 ` what do you want , general ? ' 
 ` you know who i am ? ' 
 ` who does n't ? ' 
 he nodded , satisfied the retani understood his desperation . 
 ` i have to speak with you , alone , concerning a matter of dire importance . ' 
 ` oh , yes ? ' 
 ` you should have been told , father , ' spoke the strawberry-haired boy sat to his right . 
 ` i sent hum to wun and tell you the genewal was awiving . ' 
 gobisla 's lips pressed together . 
 he breathed in slowly and counted to ten , though becoming lost at eight he reverted to pursing his lilac lips once more . 
 ` of dire importance you say , general ? ' 
 ruben nodded once . 
 ` a threat , of which neither of us can escape , nor ignore without consequence . ' 
 the master gobisla moved his vastly-packed plate aside and his servants helped him from his seat . 
 he peered intensely at each of his family members , his blushing son in particular , breathing fast and heavy from flaring nostrils , before gazing only at ruben . 
 ` very well , ' he said . 
 ` we speak . ' 
 chapter sixty-one an ultimatter path stretched from one world to another , from one system to the next , and it shone through colour , any shade , any tone of light or dark ; but to the naked eye it shimmered with a spark of sapphire , rippling through the bare reaches of alignment space . 
 but this was not alignment space , and the path glowed weak , barely visible to any who observed . 
 the ultimatt path resonated silently , pulsing intensely as a craft travelled by . 
 it was the fated chaos , captained by one antal justus . 
 after a journey of four long days the chaos had tracked the veiled path of radiation and reached its end ; and the familiar globe flashing azure and amethyst welcomed it to the enormous rock in orbit above tempest-beta . 
 and once again justus made his descent into the great triangular structure formed over and within the deathly black moon . 
 however , this time there was no signal to greet and guide them down : the first warning sign for justus that something was very wrong . 
 the chaos opened the docking gate remotely and the young captain saw to it that his ship set down once more inside the erebus station hangar . 
 ` have your coils primed , ' he told his men as they stood in the cargo hold , ready to open the rear access ramp and discover the fate of the people of the station . 
 ` keep your weapons on maximum setting . ' 
 he was taking no risks , knowing what could be out there . 
 as he issued his instructions and the men organized themselves , he gazed back through the dark hold at the still , silent prisoners at the other end . 
 he looked at anna . 
 it was all wrong . 
 ` captain ? ' 
 asked his lieutenant . 
 justus pulled himself together . 
 ` all right , ' he said , ` let her drop . ' 
 the ramp lowered and they all stood in silence . 
 the hangar was bare . 
 not a ship or light or man or woman was there to see . 
 perhaps they had left , abandoned the station and escaped . 
 there was only one way to be sure . 
 justus was the first to disembark ; and he ordered half a dozen of his men down one end of the bay ; the rest he led down towards the other . 
 directing his torch and the red glow from his coil around , he spotted something on the deck . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 asked the burly lieutenant as they knelt down . 
 justus looked closely at the floor-grate and stroked his hand across it ; he lifted his blackened glove close and smelt the residue . 
 ` electrically-powered burns . 
 someone has fired a coil in here . ' 
 ` there 's more here , ' spoke another soldier . 
 ` they 're covering the walls too , ' muttered another . 
 ` blows were exchanged . 
 it looks like a fight broke out . ' 
 ` or an attack , ' justus murmured . 
 ` we 're not safe in here . 
 listen up ! 
 we 're going to do a swift and silent sweep and then get back to the ship . ' 
 he was becoming less and less comfortable with the whole erebus project , not to mention the kidnapping part of his duties . 
 he had n't left his old life and his crew for this . 
 even as he debated with himself what to do next , the slight tapping as of footsteps reverberated across the platform . 
 they drove along slow and steady , and then stopped . 
 justus ' men looked to him and raised coils and rifles towards the sound of the metallic echo . 
 justus moved , one deliberate boot step at a time , in the sound 's direction , raising his weapon and holding his breath . 
 he would n't hesitate to fire if need be . 
 ` i knew it would be you , ' declared a familiar voice , stiffly . 
 justus stopped and stood deadly still . 
 ` step out so we can see you . ' 
 the footsteps carried forward and from the cold darkness emerged a cloaked xerin kramer . 
 he stepped closer , holding a pistol at his side , alone and watchful . 
 ` you took your time though . ' 
 ` where is everyone ? ' 
 justus asked . 
 his men advanced , on their guard . 
 ` what happened here , professor ? ' 
 kramer stopped moving ; he continued to hold the pistol at his side . 
 justus inched closer . 
 ` a tragedy , ' he said . 
 ` an insane tragedy , captain . ' 
 ` is is what i think it is ? 
 was it them ? ' 
 he nodded once , his visible eye blood-shot , the blend of white and black hair on his head scruffy and foul . 
 ` how many have survived with you ? ' 
 his eye focused on the captain , shaking . 
 ` not many . ' 
 he eyed the armed guard , one-by-one . 
 ` kramer , look at me . 
 where are they ? ' 
 ` sir , ' said his lieutenant , addressing the professor . 
 kramer turned to him . 
 ` the mission ? ' 
 ` the mission was a success , sir . ' 
 ` forget the mission , ' justus said . 
 ` where are they ? 
 are we safe in here ? ' 
 ` nowhere is safe , captain . 
 we will have to leave . ' 
 ` the fated chaos needs only minor tweaks , ' said one of the soldiers . 
 ` if there are enough supplies it wo n't take too long to have her prepped for a destination of your choice , professor . ' 
 justus ignored him . 
 ` where 's ketrass ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` where 's araman , and lesper ? ' 
 ` dead , ' he said , the corner of his lip curling into a smirk . 
 that was it . 
 he lifted his coil and threw himself forward , striking the professor and forcing him up against the far wall . 
 ` this is n't funny ! ' 
 he cried . 
 ` who 's dead ? 
 do n't smile at me like that ! ' 
 kramer did n't react , but the lieutenant placed a hand on justus ' shoulder and pulled him backwards . 
 he turned to see several coilbolts re-ignite behind him . 
 ` do n't make us take you down , justus . ' 
 ` us ? ' 
 the armed soldiers remained where they were . 
 they were loyal to kramer , not to him . 
 justus turned and retreated back towards the chaos without looking back . 
 running up the ramp he took off his black overcoat and threw it to the floor , along with his pcd-comm . 
 it was all so wrong . 
 as he sat there he considered speaking with anna again . 
 there was something about her , something that intrigued him , absorbed all his thoughts like only a night of severe drinking could ever do . 
 after a few minutes the self-satisfied lieutenant strode up into the cargo hold alongside kramer . 
 several men stood at the bottom of the ramp . 
 ` captain , ' kramer said . 
 ` we 'll forget your little outburst . 
 i 'll put it down to lack of sleep . 
 have these prisoners woken up and brought through into section five . 
 make it quick . ' 
 prisoners ? 
 creatures ? 
 pieces of meat ? 
 he thought better than to lose control again , and so nodded and signalled for the men to prepare them to be taken through . 
 as instructed the masks were removed and the fifty-four men and women , drowsy and frightened , were bound and brought down into the dock . 
 he intentionally left anna , her sister , and the blond captain he 'd fought on aurora until the end , in the hope that they would be the last to suffer whatever grim fate kramer had planned . 
 removing the hooded mask and collective needles from anna himself , he led her down the gangway ; her teary eyes did n't once look away . 
 engineers were already checking out what the chaos needed to leave . 
 a few supplies and a bit of fine-tuning and she 'd be good to go . 
 how has it come to this ? 
 ` you do n't have to do this , ' anna said as they moved beneath the hangar 's tall entrance crown . 
 ` you 're a good person . 
 i know it , i 've seen it . ' 
 he said nothing , and continued walking . 
 anna stopped . 
 ` why did you come and see me ? 
 why did you offer me water ? 
 why did you try to comfort me ? ' 
 she did n't understand . 
 he had to do this ; kramer would have him killed if he thought him an enemy . 
 he looked at her one last time . 
 there was nothing he could do . 
 but , as though she knew it was her last chance , anna reached out and clutched his shirt , wrenching him back . 
 ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 she cried . 
 justus halted and spun ; he knew that his face , if it were possible , had turned paler than it had ever been . 
 ` what ... what did you say ? ' 
 ` you asked me if i believed in premonitions ... in dreams , ' she said . 
 ` well i do . 
 there 's one in particular . ' 
 ` the dark tunnel , ' he said . 
 anna 's mouth dropped . 
 ` the black orb ? ' 
 his whole body shook , mesmerized . 
 ` yes . ' 
 ` captain ! ' 
 kramer 's cruel timbre echoed across the dimly-lit bay . 
 ` what 's taking so long ? 
 you do n't have that many ! ' 
 anna knows about gilaxiad . 
 how can she know about gilaxiad ... about the dream ? 
 i spoke about it to no one . 
 unless ... can it be her ... the woman from my nightmares ? 
 ` captain ! ' 
 he stumbled , looking into anna 's tender expression . 
 ` i ... err -- ' ` come on ! ' 
 one of the soldiers shouted , marching over . 
 ` get them through there like the professor says . ' 
 justus paused a moment , still looking at anna , her sister stood terrified behind her . 
 then he ignited his coil and shouted , ` come on , move along ! 
 right through there ! ' 
 the blond captain moved behind anna and urged her along . 
 she took her little sister 's bound hand and allowed herself to be pushed through to the far end of the hangar , drenched in dark red light . 
 all the way she held his gaze . 
 what he now felt was a strange relief , as though everything was suddenly clear , as though an enormous weight had been lifted from his shoulders , as though the justus he once knew was staring back at him , grinning . 
 and one thing above all others was as plain as night was black : he could n't go along with this , not now . 
 he had to help her , had to help them all . 
 but he knew what the professor did to those that disagreed with him . 
 the soldiers were loyal to kramer , and there was no way he could take them all on . 
 we share the same nightmare . 
 we dreamt of gilaxiad . 
 how is that possible ? 
 through and into section five the fifty-four were led by a dozen black-clad soldiers . 
 justus strode behind , watching anna , her long brown hair hanging down over her shoulders . 
 he was sure : she was the girl from his nightmare . 
 he 'd seen those long brown locks so many times now , heard her voice in his head , haunting him . 
 they quickly reached the room previously used as the mess hall . 
 the room was still intact , except the chairs had all been heaped down one end and the tables lined up and stacked before the door , which had been welded firmly shut . 
 they had built a barricade . 
 on kramer 's orders the frightened group was forced together in three long rows . 
 justus purposely placed anna and her two companions down at the end farthest from the professor . 
 ` keep your head down , ' he whispered as he placed her at the end himself . 
 the blond captain stared at him and justus nodded , hoping through hope he would understand . 
 he stepped back and out of the way , looking around . 
 as everything went silent , avéne ketrass entered the room and stood at the professor 's side . 
 wearing his long , black lab coat , kramer stood still , arms behind his back . 
 he eyed them all , one by one . 
 it was as though he enjoyed seeing them frightened out of their wits ; helpless and at his mercy . 
 justus could n't leave anna alone with kramer . 
 he backed towards the far wall , but as he did , a hand stretched around his mouth and he was pulled from the room and out of sight . 
 chapter sixty-two a man stood still before the captives . 
 he was wrapped in a knee-length coat , dark-black and fine , and a metal face-covering concealed almost one half of his colourless features . 
 the one eye that was visible surveyed them all with untold menace . 
 he began to pace , hands behind his back , down the cowering row . 
 anna shivered and peered about . 
 justus had disappeared . 
 she could do nothing but hold her sister 's shaking hand as they waited to discover their end . 
 while the man continued to stride back and forth , looking more than pleased with himself , beside her gílana 's whole body began to shudder . 
 anna held her up upright , but she tipped off balance and vomited bitter fluid over the ground . 
 she whimpered and sobbed . 
 ` hush ! ' 
 anna said . 
 ` quiet ! 
 please , we have to be quiet ! ' 
 but the one-eyed man had seen them . 
 he stepped forward and looked down on gílana , lifting a small blade from his pocket and aiming it down at her . 
 she looked up and he placed the knife beneath her chin . 
 ` no ! ' 
 anna pushed the blade away and crawled in front of her sister . 
 ` please , please , do n't hurt her . ' 
 the man sniggered and placed the knife back into his pocket , then knelt down and stared anna in the eye . 
 he smelled as foul as he looked . 
 ` you look very familiar , ' he said . 
 ` my name is xerin kramer . 
 what 's yours ? ' 
 ` anna , ' she mumbled . 
 ` anna driad . ' 
 ` those overalls you 're wearing , ' he said . 
 ` i know them . 
 standard uniform of titanese crewmembers . 
 you see the eagle emblem on the arm gives it away . ' 
 he stood . 
 ` you do n't look like soldiers . 
 tell me , who are you ? ' 
 he spoke calmly , almost nicely . 
 he glanced at gílana in a strange way . 
 she was short and young and obviously no member of the titanese guard . 
 ` we 're refugees from rotavar , ' she said . 
 ` you 're lying . ' 
 ` i 'm not . ' 
 ` you are . ' 
 ` a combat unit saved us from the crilshan invaders . ' 
 ` only the two of you ? 
 what 's so special about you two ? ' 
 her thoughts swarmed . 
 she knew her story would not convince him , but she had to try . 
 ` we stowed away . ' 
 ` liar . ' 
 ` we were n't found until we reached the outpost . 
 we wanted to get to titan -- ' ` do n't lie to me , ' he said , and tapped his face-covering . 
 tap , tap , tap ... tap , tap , tap ... tap , tap , tap . 
 he watched her carefully , blood-shot eye staring deep into hers . 
 she focused hard and tried not to bat an eyelid . 
 she could not hold it . 
 she blinked . 
 kramer sneered . 
 ` whether that 's the truth or not does n't matter . 
 your fate will still be the same . ' 
 ` and what fate is that ? ' 
 ferranti asked . 
 kramer laughed . 
 ` the original plan was you 'd all die painful deaths in the name of great science . 
 but now i 'm afraid i 'm going to have to leave this station really rather quickly . 
 so you are all , sadly , to die painful deaths in the name of getting me out alive . ' 
 at once everybody began shouting . 
 some edged away from the group and one man jumped towards the guard nearest to him . 
 three more joined in , dragging him away . 
 there were too many armed men , and the sound of a rifle pulsed through the room . 
 one captive was thrown against the wall and then slumped to the floor , blood seeping down his face . 
 everyone remained still , quietly whimpering in dread . 
 ` i do n't like cowards , ' kramer said . 
 ` they are n't useful to me . ' 
 as he spoke , gílana lurched down on all-fours a second time . 
 more fluid poured onto the floor and she keeled over , retching . 
 anna turned to ferranti , whose mouth hung open , eyes darting between the professor and the coiled men around him . 
 kramer looked at gílana strangely and whispered something to the dark-haired woman nearby , who did not seem at all bothered by the scene before her . 
 as anna stroked her sister 's hair , the woman approached them and examined gílana closely , testing her pulse and mopping her brow . 
 she looked so poorly . 
 anna prayed nothing was wrong . 
 she recalled gílana had been ill on the journey from titan , and after leaving rotavar too . 
 she had complained of nausea , headaches , weariness . 
 what if something had happened to her while they had stowed away ? 
 what if all that time at zero gravity had affected her somehow ? 
 please be all right . 
 the dark-haired woman stood and walked back to kramer . 
 she whispered in his ear and he smiled . 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 ` yes , professor . ' 
 ` very good , ' he said . 
 ` now , if you will all stand , it is time . ' 
 ` time for what ? ' 
 ferranti asked , rising before the others . 
 ` we no longer need you for our experiment , ' kramer said . 
 ` but if we are to escape , we will need a distraction . 
 we will need bait . ' 
 chapter sixty-three ` ouch ! 
 geroff ! ' 
 ` hang on ! ' 
 ` let go ! ' 
 tussling with his mysterious assailant , justus found himself dragged down the corridor and out of both sight and ear-shot of those gathered in the nearby hall . 
 ` let go ! ' 
 he could n't leave anna in there . 
 not with kramer . 
 pulled into an empty corridor justus thrust his foot into their path and took the hand wrapped around his mouth . 
 ` okay , okay ! ' 
 the attacker raised his arms and the captain released him , relieved and maddened . 
 it was araman . 
 ` sorry , ' he said , blushing . 
 ` but kramer ca n't know we 've seen each other yet , never mind spoken . ' 
 ` you want to tell me what 's happened here ? ' 
 justus demanded . 
 ` where 's lesper ? ' 
 ` dead . ' 
 ` yeah , that 's what kramer said . 
 it was them , was n't it ? 
 it was those things . ' 
 araman nodded , fear flowing like blood behind his eyes . 
 ` i knew it . ' 
 ` did you get my message ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` some of it . 
 i came as fast as i could . ' 
 ` what were you doing all this time , antal ? ' 
 justus averted his gaze . 
 ` lesper told me he needed participants ... for section six ... test subjects ... easy strays ... said he knew the best place to retrieve them -- ' ` you mean snatch them ! ' 
 justus nodded , still avoiding eye contact . 
 ` i did n't ask what they were for , though i could guess . 
 i was a coward . 
 i was wrong . ' 
 he hung his head at the disgust upon his friend 's face . 
 ` but i 'm not going along with it anymore . 
 araman , we have to stop him . ' 
 ` i know , my friend . 
 we will . 
 but i 'm afraid there 's graver news . ' 
 he checked down the corridor for anyone or anything , and then spoke quietly . 
 ` after those things escaped and attacked us , ' he said , ` we sealed off certain portions of the base as best we could , mostly the lower areas on both sides , closest to section six and the two entrances to the black labyrinth . ' 
 ` did it work ? ' 
 ` i wish it had . 
 only the beasts , they did n't act as kramer said they would . 
 killed a great part of the base-crew to begin with , then disappeared into the black labyrinth . 
 the one place we ca n't follow them down . 
 ` at first we thought that was it . 
 but that night they came back . 
 and they kept coming back . 
 every night they 'd return , and every night they 'd take more of us . 
 and there was nothing we could do to stop them . 
 they terrify me , antal ... they scare me more than anything ever has . 
 they 're unnatural , filled with an evil . 
 we ... we lay still and prayed they would n't take us . 
 we did not put up a fight . 
 cold hissing and the stale stench of death , c ... clawing hands reaching for us ... in the dark . 
 eventually kramer decided that we 'd start choosing who the creatures could take . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` yes ... he said that the oldest would go first , the men and the workers of little value . 
 he would not allow any of the soldiers to be sacrificed . 
 said that they were needed in case the beasts ever came for all of us . ' 
 ` and i assume the brave professor never at one point put himself up for martyr ? ' 
 ` of course not . 
 but then , neither did i. ' the young man fought the tear in his eye , and sighed lengthily . 
 justus placed a hand on his shoulder . 
 ` you did well , araman . 
 if it was n't for your message we would n't have a ship to escape on at all . 
 everyone would be trapped here . ' 
 araman winced . 
 ` that 's the thing , antal . 
 kramer does n't plan on letting everyone go . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` avéne 's been working closely with him , helping him . 
 according to her he plans on using the people you brought back as one single mass sacrifice so that a `` selected few '' can leave on the chaos . ' 
 ` he ca n't do that ! ' 
 ` he can do whatever he wants . 
 everyone listens to him . 
 i told him what he was doing was absurd , and he 's not spoken to me since . 
 he 's been watching me . 
 does n't trust me . 
 that 's why i had to speak to you first , without him knowing . ' 
 justus peered around the nearest corner , though it did n't appear anyone else was there . 
 he moved close to araman . 
 ` the soldiers are loyal to kramer . 
 we ca n't take him on in front of them . 
 is ketrass trustworthy ? ' 
 ` i do n't know . 
 private riess is , i think . ' 
 ` well we need to do something quick . 
 any ideas ? ' 
 ` well , ' araman said , ` it 's risky , but -- ' slam ! 
 an open door struck the wall and voices echoed down the dark corridor . 
 another door veered open and along marched three armed soldiers ; behind them trudged the bound and exhausted prisoners . 
 kramer was with them , and ketrass beside . 
 justus watched anna as she walked near the front of the shaking group . 
 she looked to him , not with the fire and passion and strength , but with tears , terror , and despair . 
 the blond captain shuffled along behind . 
 but anna 's sister was n't with her . 
 the line of prisoners continued past but kramer stopped beside justus . 
 the captain turned to see that araman had slipped away ; the professor had n't seen him . 
 ` the captives are to be taken down the elevator in section two and then left at the bottom , ' kramer said as they followed the marching rows through the dock . 
 ` the elevator will then be destroyed and the shaft blocked indefinitely . 
 is that a problem , captain ? ' 
 ` professor , ' justus said , ` we seem to be missing one of the captives . 
 where 's the young blonde girl ? ' 
 ` how perceptive of you , captain . ' 
 kramer smirked . 
 ` got an eye for the younger ones , i see . ' 
 ` of course not ! ' 
 ` you need n't worry . 
 the young girl will be kept with us . ' 
 ` but sir , for what ? 
 is that -- ' ` enough , captain . 
 is it a problem or not ? ' 
 justus looked across the bay and spotted araman and ketrass standing nearby . 
 araman nodded once . 
 this was his chance . 
 cut kramer down and then talk your way out . 
 it normally works . 
 if not , free as many prisoners as you can . 
 nothing lost . 
 now was as good a time as any . 
 lowering his head and taking one long , deep breath , justus lifted from his belt his advanced coilbolt . 
 igniting it he swerved towards the professor -- -- but at once a burning pain shot through his arm . 
 the coil fell to the ground . 
 he looked at kramer , who continued to clutch the knife he 'd sunk through justus ' left arm . 
 struck by the sudden shock of it he cringed in blinding pain and fell to his knees . 
 kramer withdrew the blade in one burning slice and cracked justus over the head with the blunt tip . 
 a dull pain filled his head . 
 he could n't breathe , could n't process what had just happened . 
 ` there 's nothing i hate more than conspirators , ' kramer said . 
 the group had stopped moving , engineers listening nearby , the soldiers ' rifles primed , and araman and ketrass rushed over . 
 ` men who say one thing and do another . 
 i may be deemed unfair , but i rarely deceive . ' 
 ` no , ' justus replied through gritted teeth , gripping his leaking limb as a sudden numbness came over him . 
 ` you just prefer to deceive yourself ! ' 
 kramer leaned forward and gripped the captain 's hair to pull him close . 
 blood trickled from his arm and down his black uniform . 
 ` it 's over , iástron , ' he said . 
 ` i know who you are . ' 
 he breathed deeply , panting . 
 ` who am i ? ' 
 ` just as we thought , ' kramer whispered . 
 ` a child you once were , lonely and clouded , mistaken and ignored . 
 you do n't know yourself , do you ? 
 you poor creature . 
 you sicken me . ' 
 he raised the knife edge . 
 ` oh , peter marx , you should never have run away . ' 
 he made to plunge it down -- ` no ! ' 
 araman threw himself in the way . 
 ` you ca n't ! ' 
 ` and why 's that , alwar ? ' 
 kramer retorted , standing . 
 ` because ... well ... best not to spill his blood in here . 
 the beasts can sense it , can they not ? 
 it would n't do to bring them back now we 're ready to leave , surely . ' 
 kramer tapped his face covering twice . 
 ` that 's true . 
 and you suggest ? ' 
 ` s ... send him in with the others . 
 sacrifice him as well . ' 
 ketrass advanced to his side . 
 ` i agree , ' she said . 
 ` better than killing him here , in front of everyone . ' 
 she gestured to the chaos ' engineers , who had stopped to watch the commotion . 
 justus watched the two collaborators . 
 they 'd betrayed him . 
 ketrass looked away but araman stared him in the eye . 
 he shook his head ; they 'd betrayed him . 
 ` very good , ' kramer said . 
 ` lieutenant ! 
 take them all down now ; the captain as well . ' 
 the lieutenant and a group of soldiers sauntered over . 
 ` right away , professor . ' 
 justus did n't fight as three of his own soldiers dragged him through the dock and into section two . 
 the first elevator was right ahead . 
 the initial group of fifteen was quickly sent down , followed by a further two groups , while the rest waited above . 
 justus caught sight of anna watching him silently . 
 whoever she was no longer mattered . 
 it was over . 
 as the elevator returned with two soldiers stood inside , the rest of the captives -- which now included the man once captain of the station -- were pushed within . 
 the third and final tribute . 
 ` wait ! ' 
 called a voice down the tunnel . 
 justus twisted , hopeful of a last minute rescue , though what he saw was an out-of-breath araman charging towards them . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 said one of the soldiers . 
 ` i hope you 're here with good reason ! ' 
 ` the best , ' araman said . 
 ` professor kramer sends his regards to the former captain of erebus . ' 
 he held up justus ' black overcoat . 
 ` apparently it gets a little chilly down there . ' 
 he sniggered and the soldiers laughed and snorted . 
 the lieutenant turned to justus with a smirk . 
 ` i never liked you , justus . ' 
 and he threw a punch into his abdomen , knocking the wind out of him and pushing him back into the elevator . 
 araman hurled the folded up coat at justus and smiled oddly . 
 their eyes met . 
 he winked . 
 the elevator hatch slammed closed . 
 darkness fell . 
 chapter sixty-four the drums of war were beating . 
 at the heart of the dark kingdom of yux dishan lay his molten planet . 
 rivers of orange light flowed across the surface like blood pouring over a stone . 
 crilshar had marshalled all neighbouring proximan forces in preparation for battle . 
 yux dishan knew his enemy was coming for him . 
 everyone an all sides knew there was no turning back . 
 one-hundred-thousand men and women were ready for the assault upon crilshar . 
 vastly outnumbered , it would be down to skill and fastidious preparation to win victory , though despair swelled and hope grew less and less the closer their confrontation came . 
 captain ernesta mendoza swept down the quasar 's shady blue corridors , alone and making for the general 's private quarter . 
 three days had passed since their departure from the retani peninsula . 
 ruben had remained silent about his agreement with the master retani gobisla , but he did announce the new alliance , albeit gravely . 
 and so they had leapt toward the edge of dishan space , ready to rendezvous with the vons ' forces from earth . 
 the assault upon crilshar would be over swiftly , for good or evil . 
 she knocked on his door . 
 he allowed her in and she stood by his one-way window , overlooking the barracks below : a great deal of movement and preparation was taking place . 
 ` i expected you 'd send for me sooner , general . ' 
 ` ruben , please , ' he answered . 
 ` i did not call you for your captaincy . ' 
 ` then as what ? ' 
 ` as my friend . ' 
 ` is that all ? ' 
 his lip trembled . 
 ` the alignment has failed , ernesta . ' 
 ` i do n't believe that . ' 
 ` the worlds of the systems lie apart . 
 this alliance of four has gathered , but there are not enough to turn any tide . ' 
 ` we have the retanis now . 
 their forces -- ' ` not enough . 
 crilshar possesses erebus . ' 
 he looked her in the eye . 
 ` i will go down there and discover what erebus is , where it is , and then i will destroy it . 
 the crilshan database will know . 
 and with it i will find my girls . 
 it 's all linked , ernesta . ' 
 ` is this really about erebus ... about crilshar ? ' 
 he bowed his head . 
 ` i miss them . 
 i miss them all . ' 
 mendoza had not expected to see her general in a weakened state ; especially not now . 
 she reached for his hand and held it in hers , comforting in the only way she knew how . 
 ` anna and gílana are strong , ' she said . 
 ` stronger than even you or i. ' ` they have been through so much . ' 
 ` as have you , ruben . ' 
 ` my brother suffered the same . 
 i miss him too . ' 
 ` i know you do . ' 
 he shook his head . 
 ` how can i go on ? 
 how can i fight these monsters ? ' 
 ` the only way you know how . 
 by remembering what you 're fighting for . 
 and i will be with you all the way . ' 
 ` you have been by my side all this time . 
 callista was right . 
 i knew how fortunate i was . 
 but i never told you , or thanked you . ' 
 ` there will never be the need . ' 
 she leaned upward to kiss him , but he pulled away . 
 she felt the blood rush to her face as she turned her back on him , eyes closed . 
 ` do you trust me ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` ernesta , do you trust me ? ' 
 ` something tells me i could ask you the same , ' she said . 
 ` and you just may be right to do so . 
 i 'm taking us to war . 
 how many disagree with this course , and how many more will die for it ? ' 
 she turned and gazed at him carefully . 
 his eyes glazed over and his shoulders hung low . 
 in the palm of his hand he grasped a silver necklace . 
 ` ruben berenguer , you have not become the general you are by ignoring the very thing that makes you so powerful , ' she said . 
 ` your power is your decency . 
 your decency is your nature . 
 and your nature has never let you down once . 
 you are not going abandon it now . 
 i wo n't let you apologize for choosing to act when we both know it is necessary . ' 
 ` not necessary . 
 vital . ' 
 ` i was n't alive when we went to war with crilshar the last time , ' she said . 
 ruben looked up , and she saw in his eyes the distant memories of a tormented childhood . 
 she was n't there , but the captain knew all about the first titan-crilshan war . 
 yux dishan 's father , yu , and his elder uncle , sumat , had envisioned an alignment led by crilshar , which itself had grown to be fierce and prevailing . 
 at a time when the alignment was weak , lacking in leadership , and supporting a fourth phase of colonization , the high council on crilshar seized its moment well . 
 ` i was only a young boy at the time , ' ruben said . 
 ` before then my father would take me on his visits to the other worlds . 
 but the last one he took ... he left me behind . 
 i 'll never forget comforting my little brother , dathlan , when my father went away to fight the dishan regime , or that empty feeling holding my mother 's hand when we stood at his burial . ' 
 mendoza reached out and took his hand . 
 she held it up slowly and kissed it , before leaning forward and kissing him on the cheek . 
 ` do you trust me ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` am i doing the right thing ? ' 
 she knew exactly what he was asking . 
 ` i ca n't say how sorry i am about your family , ' she said . 
 ` you are in a terrible position . 
 yet , you are the only person i have ever known that i can say i believe in absolutely . ' 
 ` you 've always chosen your words carefully , ernesta , and for that i 'm grateful . 
 but i do not consider belief and trust to be the same thing . 
 you may believe in me , captain . 
 you may believe in my ability to burn crilshar to an endless pit . 
 but when it happens , would you trust me to pull you from the flames ? ' 
 ` these past weeks , ' she said , his hand held in hers , ` my belief has never wavered . 
 my trust in you as a man i have questioned . 
 but no man is perfect . 
 we all strive to be better , to be better than one another , to be more than it would seem we can be . 
 and no man i have ever known has come as close as you have . 
 yes , i trust you -- now more than i ever have , ruben . ' 
 he gripped her hand tenderly and nodded . 
 ` thank you . 
 i do trust you . 
 it 's what separates us from the dishan . 
 and now that 's clear , i will reveal to you the design for the invasion of crilshar . 
 not the one the others believe will happen , but my true intention -- the real design . ' 
 chapter sixty-five everybody screamed out . 
 grown men whimpered like children while women clung to each other in the agonising reality of insurmountable odds . 
 it was too dark to see much , and so anna stood , petrified , in the midst of the panic and confusion . 
 shapes pushed and shoved . 
 noise and heat . 
 the terrified bodies forced her back . 
 she reached the edge and gazed down the corridor : a long tunnel , drenched in a pale red and lingering light , reaching into darkness . 
 an unsettling draught sent cold shivers down her spine . 
 they were not safe . 
 she turned to the group , at least three dozen men and women ; old and young ; silent and hysterical . 
 she could not see ferranti , but at the other end of the commotion she noticed antal justus , and so pushed her way through . 
 as she moved she noticed the stellarstream 's old commander , naffan , among the crowd , but they were too tightly packed . 
 she pushed through and found justus leaning up against the hatch which had closed behind them , pressing his ear against the metal . 
 she did so too , and listened through the cold wall to the dull roar coming from within the elevator shaft . 
 ` they 're sealing the passage , ' justus said , his eyes wide . 
 ` they 've cut the cables . 
 the elevator wo n't work . ' 
 ` what does that mean ? ' 
 ` it means ... that there 's no way out now . ' 
 he dropped his coat and ripped the sleeve off his shirt . 
 his face twisted painfully as he tied a firm tether around his bloodied arm . 
 it was soaked . 
 ` they 've been sacrificing members of their group through the elevator passage in order to stay alive . 
 now they 'll try and leave with the chaos . 
 the ship only needs minor repairs . ' 
 putting on his long coat he turned to her . 
 ` i imagine they 'll be gone within an hour or two . 
 we 're only in here to distract -- ' ` what do you mean , sacrifice ? ' 
 anna cried . 
 ` distract what ? 
 they ... they kept my sister up there ! 
 what are they doing with her ? 
 tell me ! ' 
 he closed his eyes , threw his foot into the door , and swore with hopeless rage . 
 he looked at her again , went to open his mouth -- ` quiet ! ' 
 ferranti 's voice filled the tunnel . 
 all went silent . 
 anna and justus turned with the group to the captain , who stood facing them , hands in the air . 
 ` i know it seems hopeless , ' he said . 
 ` and i 'm just like you . 
 all i want to do is fall to the ground and not get back up . 
 but if we all do that then we 're dead for sure . ' 
 ` look at us ! ' 
 somebody shouted . 
 ` we 're all dead anyway ! ' 
 ` yeah ! ' 
 said a blubbing woman . 
 ` you heard what he said back there ! 
 they 're gon na ' leave us down here ! ' 
 a few women began crying again , holding one another upright . 
 ` i ` ave a little boy back ` ome ! ' 
 ` so do i ! 
 i have a family ! ' 
 ` i know ! ' 
 ferranti said . 
 ` i know it 's hard ! 
 but hold onto those thoughts of your loved ones . 
 think about getting back to them , and we will ! ' 
 but at once everyone shouted back , and then at each other . 
 many did not speak the common tongue , and so the confusion worsened . 
 ferranti turned on the spot , looking back and forth . 
 ` quiet now ! ' 
 he said . 
 ` quiet ! ' 
 ` they 're too loud , ' justus said . 
 ` we have to move . ' 
 anna looked from him to ferranti , who had managed to gain the calm of group at last . 
 ` are you there , anna ? ' 
 he called out . 
 ` i 'm here ! ' 
 she said . 
 ` i 'm all right . ' 
 ` good , ' he said , relieved . 
 ` now none of us know where we are . 
 some of us need rest , but i doubt we have time . 
 first of all , let 's move from here . 
 everyone stick together ! 
 this way ! ' 
 he gestured to his left which led off into the darkened tunnel . 
 ` i would n't advise it , ' justus said loudly beside her . 
 anna turned to him , as did everyone else . 
 silence again . 
 ferranti looked carefully , and upon seeing who had spoken it was as though lightning had struck between them . 
 the stellarstream 's captain lunged forward , his eyes wild with madness ; he took justus by the throat , throwing him into the wall . 
 ` it was you ! ' 
 he screamed . 
 ` you brought us here ! 
 it was you ! ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 anna cried , jumping between and gripping ferranti 's arm . 
 ` please no ! 
 he can help ! 
 he can -- ' she found herself wrenched back . 
 one of the group pulled her by the hair and threw her to the floor . 
 she brought up her hands to cover her head as the crowd surged forward , terrified and desperate and thirsting for the blood of antal justus . 
 ferranti cried her name as she fell beneath the group . 
 feet thumped her in the face , straining her neck , numbing and blinding her all at once . 
 opening her eyes she looked up to see an intense red-burning flash , a snap and boom and the cries of men , before amongst the frightened crowd silence fell . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 beneath the chaos a hand grasped hers and dragged her to her feet . 
 she thought at first it was ferranti . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 justus asked , pulling her close . 
 ` i 'm okay , ' she said , wiping blood from her lip and gazing at the people now surrounding them . 
 the bright red light of the flickering coilbolt flashed and hummed as justus held it out , waving it as though it was the only thing stopping them from surging forwards once more . 
 ` where did that come from ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` it was in my jacket , ' he said . 
 ` araman must have ... ' ` murderer ! ' 
 somebody cried . 
 ` kill him first ! ' 
 breathing deeply , blood trailed down the side of his face from a cut above his eye . 
 ` anna , i 'm not one of them . ' 
 ` of course you 're one of them ! ' 
 ferranti said . 
 ` you brought us here ! ' 
 ` he did , ' anna said . 
 ` but look where he is . 
 down here with us . ' 
 ` that does n't change what he did , anna . ' 
 ` i know , but if he 's been here before , maybe that helps us ... maybe he can help us get out , maybe ... we need him . ' 
 she shot him a glance , and his breathless expression was a combination of alarm and gratitude . 
 a moment of cautious silence followed , before ferranti sighed . 
 ` you 're right . 
 and that 's a lot of maybes , but okay ... how do we get out ? 
 what do you suggest we do ? ' 
 ` well , first of all , you do n't want to go down there , ' justus said , nodding down the tunnel to their left . 
 ` why , what 's down there ? ' 
 a long , heart-wrenching hiss filled the passage . 
 everyone stayed still and silent . 
 anna stared at justus , whose face had flushed a deathly white . 
 chapter sixty-six if the crowd had been panicked before , then the tense cold which fell was now nothing compared . 
 justus looked to anna , and then to the ground , his eyes darting in every direction . 
 thinking . 
 panicking . 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` what do we do ? ' 
 one of the women nearby collapsed under the anxiety . 
 nobody helped her . 
 the hiss which filled the corridor continued to echo among them when another severe sound called back as though in answer . 
 most stayed still , though some backed up to the elevator hatch . 
 pointless . 
 anna shivered beside him . 
 ` antal , what do we do ? ' 
 she took his hand . 
 the pale , red light above was n't enough to light the whole corridor , and so everybody stared , shaking , into the darkness ahead . 
 justus turned off his weapon , though he continued to grip it tightly . 
 as expected , when a third hiss rang along the corridor , the crowd of fifty-four exploded in panic and horror . 
 despite both captains ' cries not to run , many launched themselves in different directions . 
 from the corridor 's intersection some ran right and others darted left . 
 some even rushed directly ahead , unknowing of where the sound came from . 
 the blond captain backed up and took anna 's hand , and he pulled her down the corridor to the left . 
 ` no ! ' 
 justus cried ; but , still clutching anna 's hand , he too was pulled left . 
 the hissing rang out right behind . 
 the beast had found them . 
 ` ferranti ! ' 
 anna called . 
 ` wait ! 
 where are we going ? ' 
 the three piled down a corridor , steam pouring from the walls ; spray merging with the hisses of the beasts behind . 
 justus recognised the way ketrass had brought him on their way down here before . 
 as the light was left behind he ignited his coil , its faint glow providing a little light , and he pulled them the opposite way , down a ladder-well . 
 they hastened below , leaving the fleeing crowd up above . 
 all was silent at the bottom . 
 ` this way ! ' 
 justus said , praying nothing lay in wait . 
 they continued through a series of darkening rooms . 
 ` you 're sure ? ' 
 ferranti asked . 
 justus turned . 
 ` i -- ' a hiss pulsed through behind them . 
 ` we 've been followed ! ' 
 anna squealed and ferranti took her hand . 
 ` this way ! ' 
 he dragged them down another corridor . 
 it was like a maze in the dark . 
 and at once they found themselves nearing its end . 
 justus breathed heavily . 
 he felt sick , lightheaded ; the pain in his left arm blurred his thoughts , but the other two pulled him along . 
 at the end of a narrow walkway they turned a corner , a hiss called out behind , and they found before them a narrow hallway , filled with small doors . 
 ferranti pulled them down and pushed his way through into one : a boxed off storeroom . 
 ` stay there ! ' 
 justus said , opening another door beside it and pushing anna within . 
 the door slammed shut . 
 he disabled the coil . 
 everything went black . 
 the room he 'd chosen , also a small storeroom , was no deeper than a body . 
 the two leant up against either side of the door , the glass-pane which passed through a great portion of it running vertically between them . 
 anna 's breaths came in loud , lurching spasms and she pressed her hand over her mouth . 
 justus forced himself to breathe slowly , but he felt the blood sliding down his arm , along his hand , dropping from his fingers to the floor . 
 then he heard it . 
 loud , thudding footfalls sounded outside the door . 
 growling shapes moved along the corridor . 
 deep , heavy rattling . 
 he could n't breathe . 
 his eyes became accustomed to the dark , and he watched anna reach out to lock the door . 
 he seized her arm tightly . 
 she looked up at him and he tried to shake his head . 
 their only hope was that the beast out there did n't know where they were . 
 it must n't have known , he told himself , because if it did the demon would already have broken through . 
 he released her arm when something pushed up against the pane of glass . 
 anna shrieked and the door began to rattle . 
 justus held his breath . 
 he was n't ready . 
 he pushed all of his dark thoughts to the back of his mind . 
 he was back in the cockpit of the flux . 
 adra was by his side ; kaara on the other ; noah , raj , and shree stood behind him . 
 he should never have left them . 
 the door swung open and anna disappeared ... he would get back to his crew . 
 to his friends . 
 to his family . 
 he promised himself . 
 these beasts would not stop him . 
 igniting his red-flaring coil he aimed high and cried aloud , and jumped from his hiding place -- he stopped , heart beating faster than it ever had , as he looked into ferranti 's sweat-drenched face . 
 anna cowered beside him . 
 ` they 've gone , ' ferranti said in a whisper . 
 ` that was unbelievably close . 
 i do n't know where they went . ' 
 ` ferranti , ' anna sobbed , moving close to him . 
 he stretched his arms around her . 
 justus clutched his chest . 
 ` anna ... ferranti , you need to know what we 're facing . 
 this place ... it 's ... no . 
 first we need to move . 
 now . ' 
 ` where to ? ' 
 he held out his coil and they tread lightly down the passage . 
 if araman was right then the beasts would be taking the others into the black labyrinth that very moment . 
 they would n't be gone long . 
 he placed a hand into his pocket and happened upon cold metal . 
 ` araman , you genius , ' he said , and he pulled from within a concealed pcd-comm device . 
 ` i should n't have doubted you . ' 
 chapter sixty-seven dark and disconcerting , the docking platform of erebus station was a far cry from the place avéne ketrass had known all these years . 
 around her men hurried back and forth , preparing the fated chaos for departure . 
 she walked calmly along , recalling the very first time she descended through the dark crown . 
 it seemed like another life now . 
 her face as she walked was , as ever , clear , undaunted , and her true feelings far from obvious . 
 araman 's words of warning raced through her mind . 
 though justus remained unaware , araman had saved his life , and given him the tools to remain alive . 
 she 'd promised not to tell professor kramer . 
 she just wanted to get away , to be free . 
 no more death . 
 kramer was the real problem now . 
 he was the one controlling the scientists , the soldiers . 
 she knew he was different , so unlike everyone else . 
 he was brilliant , magnificent , but he had another side : a darkness , only visible in his single eye ; a glow of black that flared whenever he had a spark of genius , no matter how terrible . 
 she stopped and watched the crew inspect the inner workings of the fated chaos ; the outer plate near to the ultimatt engine had been removed and she could see for herself that there was certainly some damage to contend with . 
 but these engineers were the best . 
 it would n't be long now . 
 she twisted on the spot and moved off , heading for the room kramer had taken the young driad girl . 
 down the corridor , still glowing in a faint red light , lay the blockaded mess hall ; the place araman now sat , desperate and guilt-ridden . 
 she left him there and strode down another corridor of section five . 
 along the walkway she passed several rooms filled with what was left of the failed erebus project : terrified scientists and engineers and once-valued members of the station . 
 at the walkway 's end she raised her access fob and entered a solitary room . 
 inside she found four men in black lab coats gathered around a metal table . 
 between them lay the young girl , unconscious and sedated . 
 nobody else knew why kramer had n't sent the girl down with the rest of them . 
 avéne ketrass knew exactly why he 'd kept her , but for what exact purpose she did n't want to guess . 
 kramer sat nearby in a leather chair , looking at something on a large screen up against the wall . 
 upon seeing her enter he switched it off , before standing to greet her . 
 the others lingered behind him . 
 ` avéne , my dear , ' he said . 
 ` is there a problem ? ' 
 ` no ... well , yes , professor . 
 i need to speak to you . ' 
 she glanced sternly at the four science officers . 
 ` alone . ' 
 ` of course , ' he said , signalling for the others to go , and they each left the room , eyeing her distrustfully . 
 as the last man left she locked the door and turned to her mentor , having pulled out her own small pistol . 
 when he saw what she held in her hand he did not look shocked , however , or even the least bit angry . 
 he simply sat back down . 
 ` you 've come to kill me , dear ? ' 
 ` i 've come for answers , and no lies ! ' 
 she said , brandishing the weapon . 
 ` that 's what this is for . ' 
 ` i see . 
 better put that thing down then , before you do something disappointing . 
 if it 's answers you 've come for i 'll gladly oblige . 
 if you do n't believe me i 'll quite happily use that thing on myself . ' 
 his expression remained untroubled . 
 walking over to the young girl 's body , ketrass stood firm ; she kept hold of the weapon . 
 kramer frowned . 
 ` very well . 
 just do n't blame me if i get shot . ' 
 ` since the beasts escaped , you have been my source of strength , ' she said . 
 ` you kept everything under control . 
 but now you need to be honest with me . 
 i need to know what 's happening . 
 you ca n't keep me in the dark . ' 
 ` why did you save me ? ' 
 he asked . 
 she paused , and looked away . 
 ` why did you save me down in section six , the day the beasts broke out ? ' 
 again she said nothing , attempting to blank out the memory . 
 when the alarm had first gone off , she 'd made for the barracks along with everyone else . 
 but upon realising that neither lesper nor kramer was there , she charged down to section six . 
 there she found no guards , only blood . 
 kramer turned to the screen on the wall and switched it back on to reveal security footage of section six . 
 she watched him cowering against the wall , sparks flying , and one of them towering over him . 
 then she saw herself enter the room , pick up one of the fallen coils , and fire at the beast . 
 she merely stunned it , but it gave them enough time to get out . 
 ` i do n't know why i saved you , ' she said . 
 ` but i ca n't imagine we 'd have survived without you . 
 someone had to make the decisions you 've made . 
 you kept everything under control . 
 you kept us alive . ' 
 kramer stood and slowly walked to the window out of which the very edge of tempest-beta could be seen , before turning and looking her in the eye . 
 ` human beings grow up believing that the world around them is a product of themselves , when in actual fact it is the other way around . 
 they are slaves to the world around them . 
 no matter how much we learn or how far we progress , as long as man continues to believe he is the one in control then control is the one thing man will never have . ' 
 ` i 've always trusted you , ' she said . 
 ` when everyone else did n't , i saw you knew what you were doing . 
 but ... ' ` but you do n't believe in my decision to send the captain down with the bait ? ' 
 ` honestly , ' she said , ` no . ' 
 ` well , you were right , ' he said . 
 ` i did always know what i was doing . ' 
 and with that he moved quickly back across the room , sat back down , and fluently keyed something into the computer . 
 ` i sent those people down there , along with the captain , because there is no way we can take them all with us . 
 nor can i risk another attack from the beasts . 
 by sacrificing them , the demons will be kept below , deep among the catacombs . ' 
 ketrass moved to stand behind him . 
 ` but why ? ' 
 ` because , ' he said , not looking up , ` in times of crisis the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few . 
 thousands of years of history have taught us that . ' 
 ` what the hell do you mean , times of crisis ? 
 there is room on the chaos for everyone ! ' 
 ` yes , my dear , but you 're assuming i mean to escape and head for civilization . ' 
 ` where else would we go ? ' 
 ` what if i told you we could never return home ? ' 
 ` then you 'd have to give me a damn good reason why ! ' 
 kramer did n't respond and continued typing into the computer . 
 ` let me tell you a story , ' he said . 
 ` a story ? ' 
 ` watch the screen , avéne . ' 
 she looked up and yet more security footage materialised . 
 it showed a man , running through the station corridors , frantically looking behind and above him . 
 ` is that ... ' ` lesper , ' he said . 
 ` yes . 
 our brave commander , after releasing the beasts and leaving me down in section six , proceeded to the dock and stole the nyx . ' 
 ` yes , we know that . ' 
 ` well the story does n't end there . 
 keep watching . ' 
 another camera was accessed , and she gasped , shivers trickling down her spine , as something large and dark moved through the corridors in the same direction as lesper . 
 toward the dock . 
 ` one of them followed him ? ' 
 kramer did n't reply . 
 ` all right , ' she said . 
 ` let me get this straight . 
 you found these ... creatures , down in the labyrinth . 
 you brought , what , fifteen of them up ? ' 
 ` fifteen , yes . ' 
 ` then proceeded to study them . ' 
 ` indeed . ' 
 ` but the other ... subject sixteen ... you created it yourself . ' 
 ` yes , avéne . ' 
 ` using whom ? ' 
 ` our old captain . 
 captain berenguer . ' 
 ` what ?! ' 
 kramer twitched , but said nothing . 
 ` dathlan berenguer was a good man . 
 he did n't deserve -- ' ` no one deserved what happened to him . 
 but it was necessary . ' 
 ` you keep telling yourself that ! ' 
 the professor twisted back to his screen . 
 the footage went off . 
 another image sprang up . 
 a strange image . 
 ` is that -- ' ` a satellite projection ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` yes , it is . 
 a reading from our station scanner directed at the planet below . ' 
 ` and that 's a ... a personnel beacon ? ' 
 ` it is indeed . ' 
 there was no need to explain who this particular beacon belonged to . 
 ` it 's lesper , ' she said . 
 ` the nyx is down there , down on tempest-beta . ' 
 ` precisely . ' 
 ketrass took a deep breath . 
 ` subject sixteen followed him onto the nyx and he ended up down there . 
 but i do n't understand . 
 could lesper be alive ? ' 
 ` the reading confirms he is in fact dead , ' he said . 
 ` but the beacon 's continuing regardless . 
 something is charging it . 
 but that 's not the interesting part . 
 lesper once told me he feared the true keepers of this place had never left . ' 
 kramer rewound the recording of the beacon 's position so that it read some days ago . 
 ` i discovered the beacon two days after the attack , as i was widening the search to see if i could find a beacon within erebus , around the periphery of the labyrinth . 
 i found nothing there , but instead happened upon this . ' 
 the date on the screen read just after the attack , then advanced another day , and -- ` hell no ! ' 
 ketrass cried , staring at the screen , mesmerised . 
 ` you 're joking . 
 h ... how ? ' 
 ` who knows ? ' 
 kramer said with an excited though somewhat anxious grin . 
 ` but i have my theories . ' 
 he played the recording again . 
 ketrass could not understand it , but guessed what it meant . 
 she placed the pistol down onto the table and walked forward , watching the pulsating beacon inside the nyx , staring as it moved across the screen , hauled by something incredibly large and powerful across the stormy surface of tempest-beta , through and into a patch of unnerving darkness , where it disappeared . 
 ` something 's down there . ' 
 chapter sixty-eight the three sat panting in a closed-off room , the kindled coilbolt immersing their uneasy expressions in a red burning blaze under which ferranti hastily obstructed the windowed door , justus lay on a nearby table , and anna sat with her knees tucked into her chest in the darkest corner she could find . 
 justus held up the flickering coil and attempted to work the circular comm device he had found within his jacket . 
 anna watched him hold the comm up high and the palm-sized metal plate buzzed into life . 
 a connection was made as the sound of static filled the small space . 
 ` is it working ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` only one way to find out . ' 
 justus flicking the toggle , held the contraption high , and said , ` araman ... araman , it 's antal . 
 are you there ? ' 
 a moment of overwrought quiet followed , then : -- i 'm here . 
 justus breathed out heavily . 
 ` thank peace , ' he said . 
 ` araman , you have to help ... the beasts are down here with us ! 
 we do n't know where the others are -- ' -- i know , araman replied . 
 stay calm . 
 i will help you . 
 ` i knew you would n't betray me , ' he said . 
 -- do n't be silly ! 
 now listen : ketrass and i are going to deal with kramer . 
 but they 've completely destroyed the elevator shaft . 
 i did n't know he would do that . 
 ` so what do we do ? ' 
 -- it 's impossible to get back up that way unless you 're one of those creatures , and the very last thing you want is to get caught in between . 
 ` okay , ' justus said , attempting to remain calm and composed . 
 ` what other way back up is there ? ' 
 another moment of silence . 
 -- there is no accessible way up this side of the station . 
 anna slumped to the ground . 
 justus lowered the coil , dropped the comm onto the table , and put his head in his hand . 
 hopeless . 
 -- antal ... there are two ways down into erebus . 
 ` section six ! ' 
 justus cried . 
 ` quiet ! ' 
 said ferranti from beside the obstructed door . 
 ` no noise . ' 
 justus nodded and picked the comm back up . 
 ` section six . 
 is n't there another way ? ' 
 -- i 'm afraid not , araman said . 
 that 's your only chance . 
 ` that side has n't been blocked off ? ' 
 -- it has been blocked off , yes . 
 but from what i gather only the top-side barricade is still there . 
 i can try and destroy it , leaving only one obstacle in your path . 
 ` what obstacle ? ' 
 anna asked . 
 a lamenting sigh carried from the comm , filling the room . 
 ` we 'll have to go through the black labyrinth , ' justus said , trembling as he said it . 
 -- listen , said araman . 
 i have to go . 
 things are not good up here . 
 make your way through the labyrinth . 
 it 's your only chance . 
 ` okay . 
 good luck up there . ' 
 -- oh , antal ... ` yeah ? ' 
 -- take your coilbolt . 
 and he was gone . 
 justus glanced up at the other two ; he looked just as bewildered and frightened as anna felt . 
 ` what 's the black labyrinth ? ' 
 ferranti asked . 
 ` it 's ... it 's what they call the inside of this asteroid ... the maze of rock beneath us . 
 there 're two ways down there . 
 we 're above one . 
 the other is in section six , the other side of the station . 
 if we 're going to get out we have no choice but to go through it . 
 if their plans are right there 's a chance it 'll bring us up on the other side -- ' ` with those things out there looking for us ? ' 
 anna cried . 
 ` i do n't think so ! ' 
 ` you 'd prefer to stay here and wait for them to come back for us ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` which they will . ' 
 anna did not reply . 
 truth be told she did want to stay and let the creatures come back for her . 
 there was no way to get out ; and crawling down towards them in the dark sounded worse than her nightmares . 
 all she wanted was gílana back . 
 ` if that 's the only way , then that 's where we 'll go , ' ferranti said , and he reached for the cupboard to begin sliding it from in front of the door . 
 he was so tough , so strong ; she wished she could have that kind of strength . 
 ` there 's just one thing , ' justus said . 
 ` our power does n't work down there ... among the labyrinth . 
 electricity , battery ... none of it does for very long . 
 i do n't know how we 'll be able to see a thing , never mind figure out where we 're going . ' 
 ` what about this ? ' 
 anna asked , remembering the small swiss-knife ferranti had given her for her birthday ; she reached down into her boot and lifted it out , flicking on the tiny torch to light the room . 
 justus looked at it carefully . 
 ` some kind of battery power ? 
 old ? ' 
 ` yes , ' ferranti said . 
 ` i doubt it 'll work . 
 ketrass ... my friend told me batteries run out quick . 
 the one and only time i 've been down there my torch went off almost right away . ' 
 ` but if we take it , ' ferranti said , ` there 's always a chance , however small , right ? ' 
 ` i suppose ... ' ` then let 's get moving . 
 we do n't have much time . 
 you said they 'll leave soon . ' 
 ` within an hour or two . 
 hopefully araman will be able to hold them up . ' 
 ferranti nodded . 
 ` no time to waste then . ' 
 * * * the three started out , justus ' coil lighting the way as he led them lower and deeper . 
 anna treaded carefully , creeping in the middle of the two captains . 
 only their breath was audible in the silence , alongside their slow footsteps and the hum of the coil . 
 not long after moving off , they reached another elevator hatch . 
 ` this is n't going to be easy , ' justus said . 
 ` there 's another shaft here . 
 it 's the only way down . ' 
 anna sighed . 
 she could n't do it . 
 ` it 's longer than the other , and we 'll have to climb down . ' 
 ` climb ? ' 
 she said . 
 ` unless you can think of a way to operate the elevator , ' he said , ` we 'll have to use the ladders . 
 i 'm not saying it 'll be easy . 
 but it 's probably safer . 
 less noise , less chance of drawing attention . ' 
 ` i ca n't . ' 
 ` look , ' ferranti said , annoyance in his voice . 
 ` we do n't have a choice anymore . 
 you want to get back to your sister ? ' 
 ` of course i do ! ' 
 ` then we have to trust him . 
 come on , i wo n't let anything happen to you . ' 
 anna knew he was lying . 
 if those things , whatever they were , found them , then they were all as good as dead . 
 but , in his attempt to comfort her , he had reminded her of the only reason she might possibly be able to do it : gílana . 
 ` okay , ' she said . 
 justus forced the hatch open and then turned to her . 
 ` you have that torch ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 ` perhaps we should use that . ' 
 he switched off the coil . 
 ` this makes too much noise . 
 if they 're coming back up i 'd prefer to hear them before they hear us . ' 
 she took out her swiss-knife and handed it to him ; he lifted the base of the elevator and dropped down . 
 anna slowly moved through the gap , followed by ferranti . 
 her palms were so sweaty , she could hardly keep her grip on the thick iron bars sunk into the rocky wall . 
 her legs were weak , her hands unsteady . 
 she took long , deep breaths . 
 when she looked down , however , she realised she could only just make out justus ' form below her , never mind the bottom of the shaft . 
 the space was so wide she could not even make out the far wall . 
 ` you okay ? ' 
 asked ferranti from above . 
 anna breathed her reply , attempting to focus on maintaining her grip . 
 she thought of her uncle , and jon , and gílana , and callista for that matter . 
 the old iástron would have known what to do . 
 for several chilling minutes they descended the passage , ferranti continuing to encourage her and justus silently leading the way . 
 eventually his voice came from below . 
 ` we 've reached the bottom . 
 be quiet now . ' 
 anna found her feet , unsteady though they were , and once more justus led them through hissing tunnels , dark and deep and cold ; and they shivered in the wretched fear . 
 those foul creatures were sure to be around the next corner , or above them , or else waiting in the shadows . 
 they soon reached what seemed to be the end of the tunnel . 
 justus turned and gestured to the wall , upon which hung several yellow suits . 
 ` we 'll need those inside , ' he said , peering around . 
 ` put them on quickly . ' 
 anna reached up for one , but as she did ferranti grasped her arm and pulled her back , justus extended his weapon , and all three backed up in terror . 
 ` do n't fire ! 
 do n't fire ! 
 it 's me , only me ! ' 
 cried a shuddering old man , emerging from the dark corner behind the suits . 
 the captains relaxed , breathing heavily , though anna 's heart continued to thump in her throat . 
 she recognised the old man immediately . 
 ` commander naffan , ' she said . 
 ` what 're you ... ' ` the same as you , my ... my dear . ' 
 ` good to see you alive , commander , ' ferranti said . 
 ` are you alone ? 
 were you brought down here ? ' 
 ` yes and yes , ' he said , shaking blue and covered in the sweat of fear . 
 ` only me . 
 where is everyone ? ' 
 ` not with us , ' justus said . 
 ` th ... those things , ' he said , ` p ... pulled us down here . 
 when a second 's chance came i threw myself behind here and could n't force my body to move . ' 
 ` so they came through this way ? ' 
 ferranti asked . 
 ` yeah , ' justus said . 
 ` araman said that 's where they were taking them . ' 
 ` you never said we 'd be following them down , ' ferranti said . 
 ` going exactly where they 're going . ' 
 ` we take the risk or we stay and die for certain . ' 
 ferranti looked back to anna . 
 ` well i 'm coming with you , ' naffan said . 
 ` i 'm having out ! ' 
 sniffing and wiping his brow he clambered out , picked up a suit , and straightened his back . 
 ` we need these ? ' 
 ` if we 're going to get out , ' justus said , ` yes . 
 inside there 's some kind of atmosphere . 
 we just ca n't breathe it . ' 
 all four placed the yellow suits on top of their clothes . 
 anna managed to get into hers , fixing her heavy helmet over her head and securing the oxygen tank over her back , before helping the shorter naffan into his . 
 ` i do n't suppose there 's much hope of us getting away from here , ' he said to her . 
 ` wherever here is . 
 i thought after what happened on rotavar , the horrors we saw there , that we 'd return home and everything would be okay . ' 
 ` it will be . 
 we 'll get out , ' anna told him , and placed the helmet over his head . 
 ` you 'll see . ' 
 naffan smiled feebly . 
 ` i hope so . ' 
 behind them both captains , already in their suits , had begun to open the hatch . 
 they twisted the lever . 
 a hissing sounded . 
 they all backed away . 
 ` it 's okay , ' said justus , laughing , it seemed , out of relief . 
 ` it 's only air escaping . ' 
 ` lord help us ! ' 
 said naffan . 
 ` if you do that again i will lay a clout across your back ! ' 
 justus chuckled and returned to opening the hatch . 
 lucky for the four of them , they each had their suits and helmets firmly fixed in place , as the hatch opened and what air there was in the room was at once mixed with whatever atmosphere existed on the other side . 
 anna watched justus step through , and followed to witness a scene of utter chaos . 
 it seemed the beasts he spoke of had not used the other hatch , but instead broke through . 
 ` they destroyed that hatch , ' ferranti said ; the others listened through the comm devices built into the suits . 
 ` yeah , ' justus said . 
 ` they tore the hatch apart like paper . 
 but they must have opened this one . ' 
 he bent down for a closer look . 
 ` their claw marks are all over it . ' 
 ` what does that mean ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` i do n't know , ' he said . 
 ` maybe they figured out how to open them . ' 
 ` but not close them ? ' 
 ferranti examined the inner hatch , still intact . 
 ` no . 
 no , these hatches seal themselves , if left open too long . 
 but i agree with justus : from one hatch to another they realised how to open it . 
 and that 's not good . ' 
 ` it 's not ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 justus stepped through the rubble . 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` because ... before we were dealing with beasts . 
 now we 're dealing with intelligent beasts . ' 
 ` oh dear , ' said naffan . 
 ` never a good mix . 
 just look at crilshar . ' 
 ` we need to move , ' ferranti said . 
 ` now . ' 
 justus ignited his coil and they all moved through the ruined metal . 
 anna remained behind the three , gazing around at the black-rock walls . 
 it all seemed so alien , so unreal . 
 like a nightmare . 
 but , as though a cold wind had suddenly collided with her , she lurched over . 
 naffan did so too ; and then ferranti . 
 she felt sick to her stomach , and a tear rolled down her cheek as she thought about gílana . 
 she could n't go on . 
 it was over . 
 they were dead . 
 justus ' gloved hand took hers and pulled her up . 
 ` it 's okay , ' he said . 
 ` i 'm here . 
 ignore what you 're feeling . 
 i 'm here . ' 
 anna looked up at him ; and as the torchlight entered his visor for but a fraction of a second , she glimpsed the man from her nightmares . 
 he was pale and fearsome , and unlike anyone she had ever met . 
 ` you all right ? ' 
 he asked her . 
 she nodded . 
 ` good . 
 come on . ' 
 after only a minute they descended a short ladder , and entered into a larger tunnel . 
 justus stopped . 
 ` this is the boundary of the labyrinth . 
 it 's where my torch stopped working the last time i came here . ' 
 he held up his ignited coilbolt . 
 ` i doubt this will be much use in here either . ' 
 ` your friend told you to bring it , ' ferranti reminded him . 
 ` just try it . ' 
 justus walked forwards and the coil maintained its bright red glow . 
 ` that genius , ' he whispered . 
 ` a secret , i 'll bet ! 
 i do n't know how he did it , but he 's just given us a chance . ' 
 anna 's swiss-knife , however , did not work , so she put it back inside the front-pocket of the suit . 
 for twenty dark minutes they stumbled on , unable to see very much , but always wary of a darker being in the overwhelming shadows around . 
 anna could hear nothing but her own unsteady breath , and saw nothing but the gleam of the red coil and the haunting shadows it formed , bent and twisted . 
 the passage they had taken wound steadily uphill , and as far as they could tell they seemed to be going a constant left . 
 unable to fathom the courage to lead them down one of the many tunnels turning off from the main passage , justus continued through , perhaps hoping to recognise something akin to a way out -- something new ; something human . 
 but they were met with nothing . 
 small gaps in the black rock formed near impossible pathways . 
 justus took them through anyway ; although anna thought he really had no idea where they were heading . 
 ` can we ... please ... stop ? ' 
 said naffan after a while . 
 ` it 's so hot . ' 
 ` good idea , ' agreed ferranti . 
 ` let 's stop for a moment . ' 
 ` it really is hot , ' anna said . 
 ` is it just me or is it getting harder to breathe , even with the oxygen tanks ? ' 
 ` it 's not just you . ' 
 there was alarm in ferranti 's voice . 
 he took the coil from justus and proceeded to help naffan as he struggled to breathe in the corner in which he had almost collapsed . 
 anna shuffled towards justus and they sat at the edge of a large rock . 
 she had not found the chance to talk to him alone yet . 
 he had been in her dreams for so long ; she had so many questions . 
 for a minute or two they simply sat , before anna plucked up the courage to speak . 
 ` you had the dream , did n't you ? ' 
 he looked up . 
 ` yeah . ' 
 ` i dreamt of you , ' she said . 
 ` and i , you . ' 
 ` how ? ' 
 ` i do n't ... ' he sighed . 
 ` i ran away from home , ' she said . 
 ` i thought i was running from you , from my nightmares , from -- ' ` gilaxiad . ' 
 anna nodded . 
 ` it 's that word . 
 it brought us here , called to us . 
 we were n't running away . 
 we were running here , only we did n't know it . ' 
 justus said nothing . 
 ` what 's gilaxiad ? ' 
 she asked . 
 again he did not reply . 
 ` antal ? ' 
 he continued to stare ahead . 
 unable to see his face , she could hear his breathing quicken . 
 unnervingly , he whispered , ` do n't move , anna . ' 
 she froze . 
 ` what ? 
 why ? ' 
 ` just do n't move . ' 
 her body shook . 
 she stood and went to turn her head . 
 ` what can you see ? ' 
 ` anna , do n't move ! ' 
 said ferranti . 
 ` stay still , and do n't turn around . ' 
 chapter sixty-nine justus stared dead ahead . 
 they could n't breathe the air ; could n't move without feeling disheartened ; yet somehow they could still hear the sound of a distant call . 
 a slow , lingering hiss , deadly and ominous . 
 he knew what it was from , but no matter what he did he could n't bring himself to move . 
 he froze where he was . 
 directly behind where anna stood , balanced upon a jutting rock face , metres high , crept one of them . 
 ferranti and naffan stood , petrified . 
 they had to run . 
 the beast above stood still , and shifted its dark , horned head from side to side as though playing with them as a cruel and vicious predator toys with its prey . 
 surely it had seen them . 
 justus peered with bated breath as ferranti moved slowly towards anna , the coil humming in his hand . 
 anna knew something was behind her , but could n't turn . 
 ferranti reached with his hand to find hers and pulled her away , ever so slowly . 
 where was there to run ? 
 out of the corner of his eye justus spotted old naffan , who had backed up towards another tunnel . 
 but in his haste he reversed too quickly and fell sideways into a pile of black stone , which shifted . 
 they all heard it , and the beast 's attention stirred . 
 it seemed to perceive naffan , before climbing down slowly and almost mechanically to their level , standing upright and rising almost eight-feet in height . 
 skeletal and black , it moved between them . 
 justus gritted his teeth . 
 he could n't let it hurt anyone . 
 it was his fault they were here . 
 but he was unarmed . 
 the demon passed by anna and ferranti and moved slowly towards where naffan had fallen . 
 then without warning it bounded forwards , knocking justus over and landing on top of the screaming old man . 
 he shrieked and cried in terror , but the hiss of the creature blocked out his cries as it pulled him away . 
 into the dark . 
 ferranti seized the moment and wrenched anna down one of the smaller openings in the rock to their left . 
 justus hesitantly went to follow , praying that whatever the creature was doing to naffan he would have a quick death . 
 there was nothing he could do for him now . 
 the screams ended , the life-suit now out of range . 
 he turned and went to follow the others down the passage . 
 but something was in his way . 
 a vast shadow cut off his escape . 
 a towering , horned wraith . 
 it rose above him , still , silent , ravenous . 
 the red glow of the coil faded fast . 
 justus froze . 
 light disappeared down the tunnel . 
 he was alone . 
 a cruel and bellowing hiss filled justus ' ears and he was picked up and thrown into the air . 
 landing hard on jagged rock he felt beneath him and crawled for his life . 
 no ! 
 please no ! 
 he stretched out his arms , clinging to whatever he could , but hidden hands stole him from the ground , lifting him up and hurling him once more . 
 he landed upon a large rock , and crawled between that and the wall , winded . 
 he felt his way between them , crawling on his back with all the strength he could summon . 
 a vast shade towered above . 
 something collided with his chest . 
 breath was knocked from his body . 
 disorientation numbed his mind . 
 he backed up a little more , struggling to stay alive in the overwhelming darkness . 
 another screeching hiss filled his ears . 
 arms grabbed at him . 
 he pulled himself deeper within the rock . 
 rage-filled horns battered the black stone . 
 in the dark he could n't tell how close they missed him by -- if they 'd missed him at all . 
 in his life he 'd done things most men dreamed of . 
 his crew thought he was brave . 
 a hero . 
 but he knew he was merely stubborn . 
 and now stubborn is how he would die . 
 in seconds he found his chance . 
 the dark shadow of the horns passed by him , and justus took hold . 
 deep within his crevice , he did n't let go . 
 he would n't . 
 he could n't . 
 the beast pulled back and he wrenched the horns within the cavity towards him . 
 they became lodged within the gap . 
 hisses cried all around . 
 the creature twisted and turned . 
 justus held on , pulled left and right , back and forth -- snap ! 
 the hissing stopped . 
 a large form collapsed to the ground . 
 justus picked himself up and felt around . 
 was it dead ? 
 where were the others ? 
 what could he do now ? 
 all was dark . 
 all was silent , until -- ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 his stomach twisted , heart shattered . 
 ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 ` anna ! ' 
 he yelled , feeling his way along the jagged rock , then the tunnel , breaking out into a run , hurtling in the direction of the voice . 
 but it was n't anna 's voice . 
 it was something deeply horrifying . 
 ` gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! ' 
 he felt his way towards the sound , the way the others had run . 
 he moved down a long passage . 
 at once he could see a light at its end , dim and flickering . 
 he ran and ran , his heart beating faster and faster . 
 he came to the end of the tunnel . 
 and there he saw it . 
 * * * ferranti dragged anna down the jagged tunnel so hard she thought he would tear her arm from its socket . 
 she knew he was n't about to let her fall back , but through the heat of the life-suit and the weakness of her failing limbs , she knew she could n't go on ; they was so exhausted and the beasts were right behind . 
 ` antal ! ' 
 she said . 
 ` ferranti , wait ! 
 we 've left him ! ' 
 ` keep going ! ' 
 he said . 
 ` we can make it ! ' 
 ` but antal ! ' 
 ` come on ! ' 
 anna looked back , unable to see a single thing , and charged headlong into ferranti , who had stopped in front . 
 they both collapsed to the ground , breathless and burning . 
 anna looked up , and in those few seconds she thought she had stopped breathing , or perhaps fallen from consciousness . 
 everything that had occurred , for good or for evil , had brought her to this place ; and as anna berenguer stood in the black-rock chamber into which they had charged , the enormous and terrifying , black-fired and beautiful , sadly-stunning , evil , and utterly unspeakable orb hovered before her , beckoning her across the abyss of space like a clear siren caught in the wind . 
 she picked herself up and drifted forward , her heart pummelling her chest . 
 she knew this was why she had dreamt of the black sphere ; she knew it had existed , but how and for what reason she knew she was about to discover . 
 the chamber surrounding her curved about the orb , and it was larger than she had dreamt , reaching unknown heights and depths . 
 she came to the brink of the fissure which swelled out beneath , above , and all around the black fire . 
 it was calling to her , and she knew what it was . 
 ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 she heard and the words echoed around her in a voice , dark , deep , and terrible . 
 ` gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! ' 
 she stretched out her hand and bowed over the gap . 
 she had to touch it . 
 she was meant to touch it -- but a hand grasped her shoulder , pulling her backwards . 
 ` anna , no ! ' 
 antal justus cried and he hauled her back and into his arms . 
 ` anna , you must n't ! ' 
 ` it 's the orb ! ' 
 she said . 
 ` the orb from our dreams ! ' 
 ` i know . ' 
 ` it 's calling to us ! ' 
 as he pulled her back ferranti stumbled over and the two captains studied the chamber , searching in panic for another way out , pointing the coilbolt in many directions . 
 but shrieking hisses called out , getting closer . 
 ` over there ! ' 
 ferranti said . 
 ` no , ' justus replied . 
 ` that 's the way we just entered . 
 i ca n't see another way out ! ' 
 anna turned back to the orb . 
 it gave off a faint , deceiving light ; rolling limbs of shadow reaching out . 
 she looked down , and there she spotted something , half-buried in a small mound of stone . 
 soft , glistening metal . 
 a splintered jewel . 
 kneeling down she picked it up . 
 ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 she heard . 
 ` gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! ' 
 she twisted and turned in all directions . 
 ` ca n't you hear that ? ' 
 the captains did not reply . 
 they had n't heard it ... had n't felt it calling . 
 it came from the orb ... from the glistening bracelet she held in her palm -- the stunning circlet of silver she had stolen from the black-rock floor . 
 another hiss bellowed through the chamber . 
 the bracelet was calling to her . 
 she could feel it pulsating through her body , her mind , and her soul . 
 she placed it over her wrist , on top of the gloved life-suit . 
 and at once she knew her mistake . 
 the black flames leaping from the orb began to dance and flicker , jumping towards her faster and closer , licking the air around her . 
 a strange smoke rose from her wrist and she realised the bracelet had burned through the suit , now attached to her skin . 
 she could feel it burn . 
 it felt good . 
 she felt strong . 
 powerful . 
 unshakable . 
 then the dark flames of the orb altered , and they began to swell into a burst of bright white as though a mortal eclipse was ended ; they continued to attack the far walls of the chamber and stretch around anna like a weightless , draping blanket of light . 
 ` gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! ' 
 called the cavernous orb once more . 
 the dark bracelet urged her forward . 
 she leaned over the edge and touched the flaming sphere . 
 the chamber disappeared and anna looked down upon a green and blue planet ; behind it the sun faded and a silver moon circled perpetually . 
 the sun then set , leaving behind a darkened world , broken and dying in flame and death and despair ... ... the face of her uncle , worn and weary , looked down upon her and tears streamed down her face . 
 he lay lifeless , pale and cold ... his image faded and gílana looked up at her , smiling ; she held out in offering something small , clutched in her arms . 
 what it was she could not see ... at once callista materialised beside her , and reached out a hand to her , whispered , ` no . ' 
 anna stepped back . 
 the dying world was gone . 
 ` anna ! ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 ferranti and justus veered towards her but were thrown back and down to the ground . 
 anna shook wildly from what she had just witnessed , and found herself thrown forward too . 
 but like a thrashing wave in the ocean she was wrenched back . 
 ear-splitting drums rumbled through the chamber : the screams of hell and a million voices crying out in agony . 
 hisses and snarls rose up and around . 
 white flame surrounded her . 
 the captains held onto the jutting rock but anna was unable to maintain her grip . 
 the surge dragged her back , screaming and crying for help . 
 justus leapt forwards and took her hand as she fell over the edge of the fissure . 
 his grip did not hold and she plunged , slow and silent , down into the dark . 
 chapter seventy the drums that rolled and beat paired with the pounding in ruben berenguer 's chest as his heart danced in a symphony of sporadic pulses . 
 his soldiers marshalled before him , their coilbolts at their sides , each carrying a secure screened helmet . 
 all would die for him today ; each and every one would give their lives for the cause . 
 and in return their faithful , legendary general was going to betray them all . 
 the briefing had been going on for the best part of an hour . 
 crilshar was the most difficult planet in the entire four systems to assault . 
 the star at the centre of the second system bowed in comparison to the other three , especially in mass and power . 
 life existed on crilshar only because of the fact that it was all settled below it . 
 the many caverns , mined for centuries , offered protection from proxima 's lethal solar flares , deadly radiation , and immense heat . 
 the invasion of crilshar was sure to be the deciding battle , and no doubt the pivotal moment , of ruben 's life . 
 and now he was sure : he would give the lives of every last legion and risk whatever war would arise as a consequence , just to see his girls safe once more . 
 large machines of war consumed the backdrop and a careful humming drilled through the ground , walls , and ceiling . 
 as the drone slowed to barely a murmur everybody knew the leap had been completed . 
 they had arrived at crilshar . 
 ` steady yourselves ! ' 
 captain mendoza shouted . 
 ` all ready at the general 's word ! ' 
 ruben nodded to her , and then turned to the screen behind at the projection being transmitted from the viewing platform . 
 there , waiting for them , the molten planet crilshar loomed in the distance . 
 a moment later and another screen had taken its place . 
 the rotund , red face of retani iraan , the inept son of master gobisla , appeared ; it did not bare its usual joyous smirk , but a much graver and without doubt more fearful expression . 
 the fear , however , did not stop the corpulent man from tucking into a seven course selection of artery-clogging fodder . 
 alongside the image sprang another . 
 chief vasily stood , flanked by half a dozen rotavarian warriors . 
 he had agreed to remain with his vessel , the maelstrom , and aid in the orbital strike . 
 regarding the general with a sturdy nod he brought a fist to his breast in salute . 
 the general reciprocated ; vasily had been loyal ever since he 'd first met him on rotavar , and he could not have been more indebted . 
 a third picture then appeared above the other two and the thin figure of an elderly , bespectacled gentleman smiled weakly back . 
 ` von viticus , ' ruben said . 
 ` good to see you . ' 
 viticus raised his chin and his wrinkled features relaxed into a brave grin . 
 he moved his dry lips as though chewing and blinked many times as one with an ocular condition . 
 ` so , ' ruben said , ` this is it . 
 the four systems of humanity have chosen four allies to oppose the mightiest threat . 
 i know each and every one of you will have read , re-read , and thoroughly retained the preliminary outline of attack . 
 but of those for whom this design remains uncertain , i will say this : we attack , not to preserve crilshan , or indeed proximan , culture and society , but to remove the principles by which the dishan and their forces rule without sympathy , without clemency , and without humanity . 
 ` lives will be lost . 
 damage taken . 
 but within our shells of strength and metal we will descend through every last level of crilshar , until we control the world itself ! ' 
 every single soldier and every last captain , all ambassadors and politicians , leaders , and other worlders hung on to his words . 
 ` we confront a dark and powerful enemy . 
 but together victory is ours . 
 it was done fifty years ago . 
 it will be done today ! ' 
 von viticus spoke first . 
 ` earth is with you . ' 
 retani iraan put down his chicken leg . 
 ` the wetanis are by your side . ' 
 ` and rotavar is behind you all the way , ' said vasily . 
 ` this is where we decide what is truly important to us . 
 this is where we make our choice , where we take our stand , and initiate the fall of the dishan . 
 now ! ' 
 the screens remained linked , but the many guards hastened to their positions . 
 dozens of tube-shaped pods lined the bay , ready to be ejected into the atmosphere . 
 long , heavy , and streamline they were the perfect devices for a quick and effective planetary assault . 
 some contained two guards ; others held fifty and more . 
 ruben watched the pods begin to fill , before turning to mendoza . 
 ` when we get down there , ' he said , ` stick by me . 
 i 'll give the signal -- ' ` and then we begin , ' she said , and licked her lips . 
 her mouth moved as though there was something else she wished to say . 
 this could well be it for all of them , he knew . 
 mendoza knew it too . 
 she turned her back and marched to the pod . 
 the general placed his helmet over his head and climbed into the two-man pod with her . 
 the screen dropped into place above them . 
 ` i would normally say hold your stomach -- ' ` but we both know you 're not going to , ' she said . 
 the general considered a reply , and he knew he ought to tell her how he felt , but before he could vocalise anything an unsettling countdown began on the console before him . 
 thirty seconds lasted so much longer than thirty seconds should . 
 then it came . 
 3 ... he took a deep breath . 
 2 ... the pod began to shake . 
 1 ... ` here we go . ' 
 0 ... a shrill whooshing filled the small space as it strained under the rapid change in pressure . 
 lifting the shell 's visor ruben watched , eyes watering , as they left the quasar , surrounded by dozens of other glistening pods , and the black planet approached . 
 the descent to war began . 
 several grunts from behind meant he did n't need to worry about whether or not mendoza was still conscious . 
 the planet 's glowing molten surface , trapped in perpetual night , quickly came into view . 
 the world experienced tidal locking in relation to proxima , generating enormous amounts of friction and heat . 
 the only thing saving crilshar from the resulting torrid flares was its strong magnetic field . 
 ruben shook himself from a trance , brought on by the great strain . 
 from below something emerged . 
 a glint of metal struck the general 's eye . 
 ` what on titan ? ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 mendoza said . 
 ` what do you see ? ' 
 another flash appeared , followed by several more . 
 in the time it took for ruben to blink , hundreds of glistening objects were racing towards them . 
 and the answer was simple . 
 ` missiles ! ' 
 he said . 
 ` they 're ready for us ! ' 
 ` perfect , ' he heard from behind . 
 ` quasar , ' ruben said into his comm , ` this is general berenguer . 
 be advised , enemy projectiles are currently on course for dispatched attack force actha ! ' 
 -- we read you sir . 
 standby . 
 the growing missiles were approaching fast . 
 too fast . 
 hundreds of them . 
 the moment had come -- bright beams of light shot past the pod ; colossal waves of burning white clashed with the approaching projectiles and burned scores of them to dust . 
 some careened through , and several unprotected pods disappeared in the blink of an eye . 
 ` titan be with you , my brave guards ! ' 
 * * * by now the fighting swelled furiously across the skies of crilshar ; and the shudder of great debris shook the crafts of rotavar as they struggled alongside earth 's war vessels . 
 no longer at any safe distance , aleksey vasily looked out from the maelstrom at the battle unfolding before him . 
 through a porthole he watched several crilshan barrages appear from above , barbed and breathtaking , and they moved as though falling , collapsing , hurtling towards the allies . 
 a cheer rose up as three titanese carriers floated in formation , and they drove against the legions of crilshar . 
 many of each side , titanese and crilshan , drifted towards each other and all deployed their assaults . 
 brilliant bursts of pure white and all-consuming scarlet burned vasily 's retinas . 
 it was several minutes before his vision reappeared , and many more before it became clear which side had inflicted more damage . 
 cheering at last broke out as the first wave of crilshan barrages faltered . 
 ` we have a problem , chief ! ' 
 cried one of the errand-pilots as he came charging from the viewing centre . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 vasily asked . 
 the errand-pilot handed him a small-screen data message . 
 proximan reinforcements were approaching . 
 victory was uncertain . 
 he looked out the porthole . 
 far from the line of fire , retani iraan would not stray into the battle , nor would he commit his vessel to aid those now engaged . 
 vasily swore a dozen insults as he moved from window to window , gazing at the spiked barrages , helpless to aid the allies down below , and trapped onboard his own ship , incapable of doing sufficient enough damage to turn the battle . 
 he sighed in despair at his position and wished the choices he 'd made were very different from reality . 
 retani iraan had sent down his ground forces , but had yet to commit to the orbital assault . 
 the titanese went unaided , fighting back the proximan offensive ; the golden army had no chance against the combined strength of the entire dishan alliance . 
 not without the retanis . 
 ` why are n't you fighting ? ' 
 vasily attempted to reach the retani control ship via audio-comm link , but it was no use . 
 there was no reply . 
 outside , the battle expanded , and the maelstrom shook as it was pulled into the centre of a proximan raid . 
 ` have the captain informed he is in total command , ' vasily said to the errand-pilot . 
 he could n't go along with this . 
 he had to help general berenguer . 
 ` but chief , ' he replied . 
 ` where are you going , sir ? ' 
 vasily summoned all of his poise and breathed out . 
 ` to the retani control ship . ' 
 if they were not going to fight , he would , at the very least , discover why . 
 * * * rockets rose from below . 
 pods plummeted , manoeuvring around and directly through deadly fields of fire . 
 molten breaches in the planet surface ran miles deep , though the foray of pods kept close to the outer defences -- too deep and they would spread themselves overly thin . 
 as the enormous beams of burning light , generated by the orbiting battle cruisers , penetrated the surfacing shell of crilshar , the many hundreds of plunging pods broke through and hurtled within . 
 in an instant , dark soldiers surrounded the metal shuttles ; but intense bolts of blue light discharged in their direction . 
 thrown back , the crilshan sentries quickly became outnumbered by the titanese guard bounding from their transports . 
 but the dark-eyed beings were prepared , and in the darkness of the higher-most caverns an army of thousands had formed to meet them . 
 organised battalions marched to the fore , chanting and drumming and heaving mighty weapons of war . 
 fires , torches , and bright-beams were cast out by the allies , lighting the great level and the foes before them . 
 the brave guard held aloft the gold-crest flag bearing the majestic eagle of titan , and the men and women cheered in the darkness ; light and fervent hope emerged from their cheers . 
 and the dark race hesitated . 
 the titanese , rotavarians , retanis , and earthlings all moved steadily forward : a terrifying sight and roar . 
 among them ruben charged through , igniting his coil and knocking back several armed crilshans . 
 mendoza kept close by , firing also , and she followed him through the skirmish towards the towering wall of the cavern . 
 above , through the now mechanically-sealing holes in the covering , there burst through large carriers containing allied warriors , all sending up plumes of dirt and loam as they set down . 
 some soared ahead and rained light fire upon the enemy . 
 ruben grimaced as a cascade of magma , flowing dark amber down the far cavern wall , was launched up high by the crilshan watch and struck an earthling transport , bringing it down before it could reach the other bank . 
 captain mendoza appeared at his side , lifted her helmet 's dark visor , and cried , ` you do n't have much time ! ' 
 he lifted his own visor . 
 ` you know what you 're doing , ernesta ? ' 
 ` always , ' she said . 
 ` run now . 
 my thoughts go with you , my general ! ' 
 an ear-splitting clamour-wave went off nearby , taking his hearing with it . 
 he shook his heavy head , reminded himself why he was here : his girls were the only thing that mattered . 
 he placed his arm on mendoza 's shoulder and saluted his captain , before charging off and dashing into a tunnel leading down from the great level and away from the screams of battle . 
 four elite guard followed him , coils ignited . 
 as the tremors of combat pulsed around them the five men raced along darkened tunnels . 
 as they descended lower and lower , meeting very little resistance -- the available units now being sent above -- his men stopped abruptly outside a heavy metal gate . 
 ruben caught up moments later . 
 the men appeared to be thinking , the confusion evident on their faces . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 he asked , removing his helmet and struggling to catch his breath . 
 ` ca n't we get through ? ' 
 ` no , sir . 
 we can get through without a problem . ' 
 ` and that itself is the problem , ' ruben said . 
 ` you 're right . 
 this is all too easy . ' 
 though lacking vital oxygen , the general 's mind raced , knitting together all that he had learned , straining to figure out what was going on . 
 ` let me think about this , ' he said . 
 ` they were prepared for us coming . 
 proximan reinforcements had already been dispatched before we arrived . 
 they 've removed all the security from these areas . ' 
 he looked up . 
 ` sir , ' one spoke . 
 ` i think this may be a trap . ' 
 ` we ca n't turn back . 
 quickly , let 's get through this gate . ' 
 taking out a deep-code-programmer , one of his guard quickly began to gain access into the next room . 
 coilbolt in hand , crackling and spitting blue sparks , the other four stood warily on guard . 
 very soon the sound of many footsteps echoed along the passage , louder and closer . 
 ` quick as you can ! ' 
 he said . 
 ` almost there , general . ' 
 a bright red light struck the wall above them . 
 several more followed . 
 ` we 're in ! ' 
 coilbolts spat and discharged , roaring at the men now in pursuit . 
 they appeared around the corner , but ruben found himself forced into the next room . 
 his men turned and fired . 
 one was hit in the chest . 
 another fell against the wall . 
 a third young guard jumped through and closed the door as the final soldier collapsed to the ground . 
 a thud as the gate sealed . 
 ruben straightened , cautious and unnerved . 
 the room was dark , the glow from the two coils the only source of light . 
 all was silent but for the two men 's quick , heavy breaths . 
 the room seemed more like a cavern , filled with manuscripts and records dating back centuries . 
 corridors , of which there were many , were carved from the molten rock . 
 shouts and blaster fire could be heard on the other side . 
 ` how long until they get through ? ' 
 ` minutes , general . ' 
 ` right then . ' 
 bowing his back he continued along a narrow corridor , surrounded above and to the sides with dry , serrated rock . 
 the information he wanted was a lot more secure . 
 but where was it ? 
 holding the coil above his head , he turned a corner and continued down . 
 the soldier followed . 
 there was nothing here . 
 no access station for the planet 's records . 
 no e-data panel . 
 no crilshan guard . 
 a loud whine then came from the room 's entrance and a silhouette of light and shadow appeared at the corridor 's end . 
 outlines moved here and there , and the sound of many footsteps shuffled throughout the cavernous room . 
 they were trapped . 
 ruben threw himself to the end of the row , just in time to avoid a grouping of crilshans running past . 
 he switched his coil off , holstered it , and took out his blaster . 
 he looked about . 
 the soldier had disappeared . 
 ` spread out ! ' 
 he heard . 
 ` he 's in here and we have to find him ! ' 
 ruben breathed deeply ; his heart pummelled his tight chest . 
 he was so tired he could n't think straight . 
 but the sound of his hunters caused alarm bells to ring . 
 that was not the voice of a crilshan ! 
 it was fearful , and had neither the burr nor the darkness of the tongue of crilshar . 
 that accent ... ` we know you 're there , general ! ' 
 spoke the fearful voice again . 
 ` come out while you can ! ' 
 ` my lord , we 've got one ! ' 
 blaster fire . 
 the boom of a coil . 
 shuffles and scrapes in the dark . 
 the young titanese soldier cried out and a bolt of red flashed through the black cavity . 
 cruel laughter echoed around him . 
 he felt like slumping to the ground . 
 only one thought pushed him on : his girls were here , he knew it . 
 and he was going to find them . 
 he moved carefully down the next corridor , clutching his blaster firmly to his chest , which itself rose and fell rapidly in quickening succession . 
 there he spotted another door . 
 two footsteps . 
 quietly . 
 quietly . 
 then out of the dark a light shone in his face , bitter cold made contact with his left shoulder , and a white hot pain seared his flesh . 
 he fell onto his back . 
 ` i have him ! ' 
 his assailant cried . 
 ` i 've got the general . 
 i 've caught him ! ' 
 but this general was not done with yet . 
 he raised his blaster and a burning blue flash connected with the soldier 's right leg , knocking him to the ground as he squealed in pain . 
 seizing his torch from him , ruben attached it to his belt and threw his foot into the man 's face . 
 he then charged as fast as he could , moving for the door , wishing more than he 'd ever wished for anything that it was unlocked . 
 bullets and powerful blasts of light landed all around him . 
 ignoring them and the terrible pain in his shoulder he carried on . 
 he reached the door , and he fell through . 
 the blasts stopped . 
 he jumped back up , and in one last ditch attempt to lose the pursuers he took out his coilbolt , jamming it into the door 's control panel . 
 a secondary door slammed down . 
 voices cried out on the other side . 
 ` get through there ! ' 
 he heard . 
 ` we have to get through . 
 we have to get him ! ' 
 ` but the lock -- ' ` just get through ! ' 
 the voice rang out , afraid and almost recognisable . 
 ` but lord -- ' ` tear it down ! ' 
 booom ! 
 ruben rotated on the spot , expecting another barren tunnel , so it came as quite a shock to find what he 'd least expected : the crilshan access station for the planetary records sat before him , unguarded , and he wasted no time in hastening over . 
 he gazed up at the powerful super-computer , one of the most advanced in existence , reaching as high as the sixty-foot ceiling and bearing leavers , huge pipes , and complicated circuitry all over like hairs on a dog 's back . 
 he could n't quite understand how it had been so easy to log on and begin his search , but he no longer cared . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 a forceful pounding slammed against the room 's hatch . 
 time was short . 
 there was no other way out of here . 
 he pulled out his blaster and a well-aimed shot took out the interior control panel . 
 that might buy a couple of minutes . 
 he ignored the resultant hammering and stifled bellows , and made his way through the foreign files . 
 it was lucky for him that his crilshan was perfect . 
 he began to type : </cd> < database search : `` text '' -- > < -- mission histories/search / : station aurora > if crilshar was behind what happened to his nieces , it would say so here , even if it was a clandestine operation . 
 the reply flashed up : </cd> < database search result : -- > < -- no results > ` furka ! ' 
 he tried again : </cd> < database search : `` text '' -- > < -- mission histories/search/mission documents / : agent gordian > one moment , then : </cd> < database search result : -- > < -- reassigned to order a.m. > < / cd/error ! 
 classified > ` order a.m , ' he said to himself . 
 ` i 've never heard of it ! ' 
 the sound of voices and cries and booms outside grew louder . 
 any moment now they would be in here with him . 
 he searched again : </cd> < database search : `` text '' -- > < -- classified terminology / search / : what is order a.m. ? 
 > ` come on ! ' 
 he cried . 
 </cd> < database search result : -- > < -- no results > ` no ! ' 
 he sat back , tearing at his hair . 
 and then it hit him like a lightning bolt . 
 it was so obvious . 
 so damn obvious ! 
 he leaned back in , and in one last attempt to uncover the mystery that had plagued him all this time , he typed into the computer : < erebus > an explosion sounded outside the room and the hatch rattled on its hinges . 
 </cd> < database search result : -- > < -- erebus : directive of order a.m. > ` it exists ! ' 
 he cried . 
 another booom ! 
 his mind buzzed . 
 erebus existed . 
 and gordian was reassigned ; he was n't working for the dishan when he attacked titan . 
 but if not them , then whom ? 
 another rumble shook the room . 
 he looked around in panic . 
 nowhere to escape . 
 nowhere to hide . 
 the pounding continued , and then one final blow struck the door . 
 it fell into the room . 
 chapter seventy-one ruben berenguer held his breath . 
 silently he watched several figures enter the cavern , holding guns and bright-beams , and all were clad in dark , flowing robes with strange metal masks . 
 ` he 's not here , ' one said . 
 ` that 's not possible , ' replied another . 
 the anxiety in his voice once more seemed familiar to ruben . 
 ` he 's here , he 's got to be ! ' 
 the fearful figure moved around the room . 
 the general stuffed his fist into his mouth . 
 ` point your light over there . 
 there 's only one corner in here he could be hiding . ' 
 the humming machinery cast back the bright-beam as its light was thrown into the rocky corner , exposing an empty space . 
 ruben smirked . 
 from atop a ledge , thirty-foot up the computer console , he gazed down at the figures and the panicking man . 
 how he had managed to scale the precarious live wires and searing cylinders so hastily and yet not trip or fall he 'd never know . 
 the group separated and desperately began checking each shadowy crevice thoroughly . 
 it was clear to him that these men were not from crilshar . 
 the way they spoke and the fact they carried torches to see in the dark gave that away . 
 so just who were they , and what were they doing here ? 
 he clutched his shoulder , which had become worryingly numb , and looked up , sweating . 
 almost to the top . 
 swinging his leg around another wire cable he hauled himself up a little more . 
 ` i 'm telling you , he 's not here , ' he heard from below . 
 ` we were told to wait down here for the general , ' answered the leader . 
 ` our job was simple . 
 we ca n't go back to the córonat without him . 
 he 's on his way here personally ! ' 
 ` what ? 
 to crilshar ? 
 b ... but he 'll kill us where we stand if we fail him ! 
 the general 's not here ! 
 i promise you ! ' 
 that 's it , he thought ; leave , agree with him and go back . 
 but the nervous man did not . 
 instead he pulled out a pistol , held it up to the other 's head , and blasted through his face with a mighty crack . 
 a hush followed , and ruben held off inhaling for fear of being heard in the silence surrounding the gentle hum of the enormous processor . 
 but the stillness was broken as another man yelled , ` my lord , lord mokrikov , i 've found something ! ' 
 mokrikov ? 
 ruben froze where he was . 
 had he said mokrikov ? 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 he said as he strode over . 
 ` my lord mokrikov , he 's been here for sure . 
 mere minutes ago ! 
 he 's been searching the databases for mission histories . ' 
 ` and ? ' 
 ` and , wait , and agent profiles . ' 
 ` the next sentence out of your mouth had better be something useful ! ' 
 he knew he recognised the voice , the accent , the fear . 
 his old friend stood below , attempting to hunt him out . 
 but how and why ? 
 the masked man below gulped and continued typing . 
 ` yes ! ' 
 he cried . 
 ` berenguer 's last search brought up plans for this level 's aeration system ! ' 
 oh , no . 
 mokrikov and the masked men glared up and around , casting their bright-beams all over . 
 but ruben had already moved . 
 clambering through a metal hatch he dropped a grenade beneath him and disappeared through the vent . 
 * * * in all his time as a chief of the rotavarian defence force , aleksey vasily had never actually been into space . 
 not even into orbit around his own world . 
 as a child , like all others , he 'd dreamt of it . 
 but like all others , for him it was an impossible thought . 
 and now that he was here , at the centre of this silent , raging struggle , he realised that somebody should have warned him it was this ... horrifying . 
 peering out of the porthole , he watched the three rectangular-shaped crafts representing earth . 
 one remained at the forefront of the assault while the other two descended to crilshar . 
 for peace lovers they certainly knew how to wage war . 
 as the proximan reinforcements levelled themselves out to attack , the earth vessel bombarded the crilshan centre , joined by a salvo of titan 's razor-thread missiles . 
 the enemy barrages maintained a counter-storm and a single , enormous enemy vessel passed over the chief 's small craft as it drifted through . 
 he had never felt so insignificant . 
 he watched closely as a line of titanese carriers deployed another wave of pods ; small specks of light plunging through the atmosphere toward the molten-coloured caverns below . 
 in minutes his craft entered the dock of the retani control ship , the largest vessel in the fleet and , quite possibly , in orbit . 
 he had no idea what he was going to say to the retani , but he knew for certain that there was no way he could stay on board his own ship while the retanis broke their promise . 
 as he walked along the corridor with three of his own soldiers , a retani chieftain stopped them where they were . 
 ` you will turn around and go back to your transport , rotavarian . ' 
 ` the hell i will ! 
 i 'm going to see your master . ' 
 he went to walk past , but the retani pulled out a knife . 
 vasily reacted without thinking and knocked the blade from his hand , sending him back into the wall . 
 one of his soldiers stunned him and lowered the unconscious retani to the floor . 
 ` i do n't know why they do n't want us to see their master , ' he said to his soldiers , ` but to be safe , wait here . ' 
 ` but sir , ' said one . 
 ` do you know where you 're going ? ' 
 vasily smiled . 
 mere days spent with general berenguer had inspired the chief to step-up his game . 
 he had spent every waking second researching everything about their allies and enemies . 
 ` oh yes , ' he said . 
 ` i know exactly where i 'm going . ' 
 now that he 'd made his decision everything seemed so clear . 
 how could anyone not want to fight alongside titan ? 
 fear had stopped him before ; but now he was a chief again . 
 brave . 
 proud . 
 strong . 
 slipping through the silent corridors he followed loud , booming voices . 
 he recognised one from the retani peninsula . 
 taking out his titanese coilbolt , a gift from the general , he stunned a retani with his back to him and continued through . 
 it was n't long until he reached the viewing centre of the vessel , stealing footsteps until he could make out what retani iraan , the son of master gobisla , was saying . 
 iraan took a deep breath . 
 ` what do you want me to do ? ' 
 ` exactly as you are told . ' 
 the voice which replied sent ripples down vasily 's spine . 
 not him . 
 not now . 
 ` the retani fleet is at your command , my lord córonat . ' 
 ` very good . 
 now have your crew follow the instructions being sent to your display . ' 
 vasily leaned around the corner and caught a glimpse of the masked man he had spoken to via image-link upon rotavar . 
 the same masked man to whom he had swore to bring general berenguer to . 
 ` my father will not like this , ' iraan said . 
 ` your father considers you a strong man , ' the masked córonat replied . 
 ` the invasion fleet would not have been left in your hands had he thought otherwise . 
 you have chosen your allegiance well . 
 now show your father how strong you are . ' 
 vasily watched in horror as the crew of the control vessel repositioned the ship so that it faced the outer edge of the titanese fleet . 
 in the distance he recognised the quasar , suspended beside his own ship . 
 the córonat growled , ` do it ! ' 
 the viewing centre shook as enormous beams of white light were released from the vessel and all those in the vicinity . 
 ` no ! ' 
 vasily screamed . 
 retani iraan spun , and at once retani warriors were upon the young chief . 
 he fought back in vain . 
 the beams soared forwards . 
 vasily almost stopped breathing . 
 the first struck the quasar with catastrophic effect . 
 many other vessels were assaulted . 
 ` no , ' he cried . 
 ` no , no ! ' 
 the vessels ' central hulls were torn to shreds , masses of metal flying from each of them . 
 so much death . 
 so much hate . 
 laughter filled his ears as the room faded . 
 chapter seventy-two it felt as though he had been crawling for hours before ruben finally stopped to breathe . 
 despite the air blowing a cool breeze through the vent alongside him , every muscle , bone , and sinew ached and burned , and the growing feeling of disorientation ebbed away at his already-depleted sanity . 
 he was so sure he had read the plans correctly ; but then again he had had mere seconds with which to memorise his route . 
 the fingers in his left hand were prickling . 
 he yearned for it to be down to something other than his injured shoulder . 
 he could no longer feel it at all . 
 as despair took hold and the realisation that he 'd taken the wrong tunnel hit him , something caught his ear . 
 the sound of a voice calling out with a whimper travelled through the shaft like the clear ringing of a trumpet in the wind . 
 he crawled a little more . 
 ruben 's eyes had only faintly become accustomed to the dark , but he was certain a dim light shone ahead . 
 the renewed hope gave him the strength to scramble to the end of the metallic tunnel . 
 at its end was a surprisingly thin grate , which he pushed aside without difficulty . 
 once out he stood back and marvelled at the sight before him ; a sight he knew in many centuries very few had seen . 
 a great chamber with black ceilings reached out , lit dimly by at least one-hundred widely-spaced candles mounted on tall spires . 
 it was gloomy , even by crilshan standards . 
 the hall was rounded , made in mockery of titan 's great domes , and was split into two levels . 
 he now stood on the upper floor and looked over the balcony , to the place the moaning sound originated . 
 he strode slowly down the onyx steps and across the circular room . 
 as he approached the source of the moaning he stopped and held his breath , unable to fathom the great truth he had discovered . 
 before him , stood tall and perilous , were the three thrones of the dishan . 
 three tall , black chairs stood in line ; and they looked as though they were made from the bones of a legendary creature , enormous and unimaginable in might . 
 however , sat upon the middle of the three thrones , unable to move and swaying unkindly over the edge of the seat -- weighed down by skin , deformed , and pallid beyond comparison -- was the greatest of the three . 
 ` yux dishan , ' he whispered , horrified at the distorted man now whimpering like a child , unspeaking and scarcely able to move his large , protruding mouth . 
 the smell was sickening . 
 ` yux dishan . 
 how ... how can you be ... what kind of evil ? ' 
 sounds of slamming and the clamour of voices then came from down the corridor and ruben rushed back up the nearby steps and out of sight . 
 yux dishan stopped whimpering and stared at the group now entering the great chamber . 
 ` we did as was requested of us . ' 
 it was mokrikov . 
 he strode into the chamber , flanked by a man and a woman , who were shadowed by several masked and cloaked forms . 
 ` we waited where we were told , ' he said . 
 ` it is no fault of ours that you took the order for deficient security a little too seriously . ' 
 the only woman among them hurried forwards and rushed to the high lord lay upon his throne . 
 ` hush now , my love , ' said avaj dishan , stroking her brother 's dark , uneven hair and rocking his buckled form . 
 ` i 'm sorry i 've not been to see you today . 
 things are happening , just like i told you they would . ' 
 ` you did not do what was requested of you , ' countered the dark man stood at the centre of the room , ` or i would already have my prize . 
 and you will address me as high lord when in my chamber . 
 i am wivartha dishan and you will treat me with utmost respect ! ' 
 ruben watched mokrikov 's reply , which amounted to nothing more than a craven sneer as he knitted his dense , black brow . 
 yux whined again at the dark presence in the chamber . 
 the true high lord had succumbed to the genetic manipulation as many before him had done , ruben understood . 
 the pure gene had taken crilshar 's true leader , and yet , nobody was any the wiser . 
 poor thing . 
 used by his own uncle as a scapegoat for crimes he has obviously taken no part in . 
 ` well ? ' 
 said wivartha furiously . 
 ` i will hear it . 
 how do you address me ? ' 
 mokrikov 's head bowed timidly , his lip twitched . 
 ` we shall see when my master arrives . ' 
 ` oghub , oghub ! ' 
 laughed wivartha . 
 ` the córonat ! ' 
 his hand moved to the hilt of his long , belted blade . 
 ` lord malizar is as welcome here as the heinous army now above us ! 
 you were not invited down among our people . 
 remember that , creature . ' 
 but as his temper frayed , his threat was interrupted by a sharp , piercing laughter which sounded from the dark end of the chamber . 
 ruben peered across as the slender silhouette of avaj dishan wandered to the centre of the room to stand behind wivartha . 
 ` uncle , ' she said , ` do not allow yourself to become angered by this pitiable intruder . ' 
 her voice rang , delicate and forceful . 
 ` we allow them to remain with us for the honour of the great córonat , but not because we have to . ' 
 ` debatable , ' mokrikov mumbled . 
 ruben continued to watch intently as she circled the room 's centre , placing a hand upon her uncle 's shoulder , and moving close to whisper in his ear . 
 his hand , in turn , released the blade hilt . 
 ` the golden army has penetrated our higher levels , ' she said . 
 ` they have reached the seventh bombardal and the molten works ; their allies have taken the summit cavern and smashed the outer transmission-hub . 
 but the tide will , as ever , turn in our favour . 
 gentlemen , my dear yux has some news for us . ' 
 she flowed in between the company of cloaked men stood behind mokrikov , and smiled . 
 ` think not of our temporary company , but concentrate on the army which battles its way through our uppermost levels at this very moment ... ' ruben watched her eyes search his position ; his heart fluttered . 
 ` ... and think of the man which stands above , listening to all that we say ! ' 
 the entire room turned to the place upon which avaj 's eyes landed . 
 ruben panicked ; he stood and twisted to run . 
 but he realised too late that several silver-masked figures had been standing behind him . 
 they moved for him and he laid a well-aimed blow in the stomach of the nearest . 
 he ducked the return cuff but a striking pain shot through his body as a kick reached his chest and another found the back of his leg . 
 then , as though pulled by invisible chains , he was forced backwards through the stone barrier and down to the ground below with a thud ! 
 it took some moments for him to come around , and he expected to receive a beating or even a sudden execution . 
 but no one came near him . 
 rolling onto his front and resting on his elbows he looked up into the cold face of wivartha dishan . 
 he remained still ; every part of him cried out in agony . 
 a dull pain filled his head and he looked to the floor to see the drip-drop of warm blood trickle down from his brow . 
 then the torture intensified and he was lifted from the ground , held up by dark hands . 
 they turned him towards mokrikov , whose eyes pierced through him . 
 he wished to speak , but could n't summon the strength . 
 mokrikov 's lips moved . 
 ruben could hear nothing but a clear ringing and a distant cry calling his name . 
 he could distinguish two voices , and his heart yearned for their faces : his girls gazed back at him with familiar , soft eyes , smiling . 
 they needed him . 
 he could n't give up on them now . 
 he 'd been through too much . 
 slowly his awareness returned and somehow the strength in his body was renewed . 
 suddenly he was back in the chamber . 
 ` kill him now ! ' 
 wivartha cried . 
 ` not here , ' said avaj . 
 ` it must be done so that everyone may see ! ' 
 ` that is not your decision , ' mokrikov commanded . 
 ` we will await my master . ' 
 the high lord 's voice then filled with rage . 
 ` do not presume to tell me what i can and can not do with my own prisoner ! ' 
 mokrikov 's eyes glared . 
 ` the subjects of the córonat have no prisoners of their own ! ' 
 this was his chance . 
 it was now or never . 
 ` how dare you ?! ' 
 ruben fought the arms holding him and reached for mokrikov 's pistol . 
 swinging it high he slammed it into his old friend 's jaw . 
 he spun on the spot and fired madly at both mokrikov and the crowd of cloaked men , before turning to the high lord himself . 
 wivartha 's dark eyes met with his . 
 a bullet released from the chamber of his gun . 
 pierced through tender flesh . 
 wivartha 's eyes widened , and then fell from his enemy 's , down to his niece 's form , which , though small , had stepped between him and the bullet . 
 he caught her , fell with her . 
 she gazed up at him , and then her eyes closed . 
 wivartha laid her on the ground . 
 the cry of yux dishan echoed through the room . 
 mokrikov knelt on the ground , panting . 
 two of the masked men cried aloud from the black floor , bleeding profusely and begging for help . 
 all ignored them . 
 wivartha stood slowly ; a fire burned in his black and red eyes . 
 pulling out his blade he lifted it high in the air . 
 at the same time ruben raised the pistol for one final shot . 
 as wivartha lunged he pulled the trigger . 
 the bullet released . 
 but it did not reach its target . 
 both men stopped and watched as the bullet hung in mid air , suspended in time . 
 as though night had fallen , a chill covered the room and darkness plummeted . 
 a cold wind surrounded them , and the sound of a bell chiming echoed throughout the obscure cavity . 
 four times . 
 ruben breathed slowly . 
 he stood gazing at the bullet before him . 
 then the gun was wrenched from his hand and he twisted to see it fall to dust before a black form , hooded and cloaked in dark robes and masked in purest silver . 
 the being pointed to the suspended bullet and clenched his hand into a fist -- -- an implausibly shocking impact rattled through him . 
 ruben 's legs gave way and he fell forwards , hurled to the ground . 
 the sensation as one of unbearable tearing filled his very chest , followed by a disorientating numbness . 
 as bone and tissue were torn and shattered the room and everyone within it faded ... sounds were barely audible , but he could make them out as though he were in the next room . 
 figures moved around him , and a faint wailing called mutely . 
 all was faint , cold , and unclear . 
 indescribable shock then poured into his mind . 
 opening his eyes , he understood where he was . 
 nobody had touched him , but instead all were bowed down . 
 his breathing came in small gasps as he struggled to gulp the thin air around him , unable to move . 
 he was going to die . 
 and he could only think of two people . 
 the only two people . 
 the cloaked wraith moved nearby . 
 ruben watched him drift slowly about , surrounded by kneeling bodies . 
 ` bring them in , ' he ordered , cold , commanding , and cruel . 
 wivartha stayed low , as did the cloaked soldiers . 
 mokrikov knelt nearby , shaking . 
 they all watched two uncloaked forms escorted into the chamber . 
 ruben did his upmost to make them out , but , in his truly agonizing state , warm blood seeping from the bullet wound in his chest , he could make out only one . 
 ` impossible . ' 
 chapter seventy-three rotavar five weeks ago ` rotavar will be safe . ' 
 prime minister edgar mokrikov surveyed those wavering before him , stood within his grand office . 
 looking his chief , aleksey , in the eye , he reached into his pocket . 
 ` but as lord of this world i have failed . 
 i am of no further use . 
 to you , rotavar , or our sister colony . 
 i am so , so sorry . 
 of manera there is little hope . ' 
 and as silence fell on the room , darkness covering the horrified city outside , hope descended , and mokrikov pulled out of his pocket his silver gleaming pistol , forced it up underneath his chin , and pulled the trigger . 
 click ! 
 everyone took a step forward . 
 mokrikov 's heart raced to the speed of a beating drum . 
 the pistol had n't fired . 
 he pulled the trigger again . 
 click ! 
 gasps filled the room . 
 he fired again and again but still nothing happened . 
 chief vasily raced towards him , prized the gun from his shaking hand , and held him close as the prime minister fell forwards in shock . 
 he had been ready . 
 his life was at its end . 
 he had to finish it . 
 but it was too late . 
 screams filled the room . 
 the open door of the office found itself suddenly blocked by several figures clad in black robes and metal masks . 
 they released small barbs at the necks and faces of the delegation . 
 some of the soldiers reached for their weapons but moved too slow and so fell to the ground with the others . 
 ` they 've come for me ! ' 
 mokrikov cried , feebly clawing at vasily 's coat , pulling him closer . 
 ` my journal ! ' 
 he hissed . 
 ` they must n't get it ! 
 aleksey , my journal ! ' 
 mokrikov moved for the safe at the side of his desk , but his chief pulled him over the writing table and onto the ground behind it as a torrent of barbs missed them by the length of a hair . 
 ` no ! 
 my diary ! 
 the answers ! 
 my diary ! 
 my confession ! ' 
 he watched helplessly as vasily leaned over the desk and fired his own pistol , spilling the blood of the cloaked figure sent to retrieve them . 
 it was then that mokrikov viewed , to his complete and utter horror , the man whose presence he 'd been dreading now ascend the steps to the heavy metal desk at its pinnacle . 
 and the figure spoke the words he had known as a boy , the words they had learnt from he who now spoke them with an unrivalled malice : ` deep beneath the moon we lay ; cut off from life , so why not stay ? ' 
 ` no , ' he whimpered . 
 ` please ! ' 
 ` to struggle with the rest , you see ; to torture , kill , and crush the free ! ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 ` it is time , edgar , ' said the córonat . 
 ` you always knew this day was coming . 
 you were wrong to betray your master , but he will take you anyway . ' 
 ` please . ' 
 ` come now ! ' 
 ` not a chance ! ' 
 vasily yelled and he activated the terrace shutters from the switch in the desk drawer . 
 he took mokrikov 's arm , hauled him towards the opening balcony , and emptied what bullets he had left at the approaching man , who effortlessly threw them aside like leaves in the wind . 
 mokrikov slammed his fist into the shutter 's control panel set on the wall , quickly closing the solid partition behind them as they passed beneath . 
 only now there was nowhere to run . 
 ` you knew they were coming , ' vasily said as the old prime minister fought to catch his breath . 
 ` who are they ? ' 
 ` they 're ... my ... people , ' he said , realising there was no longer any point in denying the truth , let alone hiding it . 
 ` they 've been part of my life since i was a child -- ' thud ! 
 the metal panel began to give way as the wraiths on the other side threw all their weight into tearing it down . 
 ` why do they want you ? ' 
 vasily asked . 
 mokrikov took hold of his chief 's hand and lifted it between them . 
 he bore on his palm a deep gash and vasily winced as mokrikov touched a single finger to it . 
 as by magic , though mokrikov knew there was no such thing , the soft tissue in the middle of his bloody hand knitted back together . 
 the prime minister removed his finger and stepped back , watching the mesmerised man raise his hand to the shadowed sunlight in awe . 
 ` that is why they 've come for me , ' he said , paying no heed to the pounding on the panel behind them . 
 ` what are you ? ' 
 ` cursed , ' he said . 
 ` they will never leave me . 
 not while i am alive . ' 
 ` you 're a iástron . ' 
 mokrikov nodded . 
 neither of their attention could then be focused on anything else , as they gazed up to the sister-moon manera , scarcely visible in the barrage-filled sky , and watched all life on its beautiful green plains extinguished . 
 bright floods of white flame covered its surface , and mokrikov turned away , weeping . 
 he looked to aleksey , and , closing his eyes , pushed his chief over the edge of the balcony and onto the sloped roof far below . 
 for him there was some hope , but there was none for edgar mokrikov -- a child of europa . 
 he turned back , a tear rolled down his cheek , and he stared into the face of his córonat , the great lord malizar . 
 chapter seventy-four ` for years we were concealed beneath our haven . 
 our talents suppressed . 
 our voices strangled . 
 peter marx would allow none to leave , to be free , to choose . 
 until we decided , no more ! 
 until we chose to fight back , to leave our shelter and retake what always belonged to us . ' 
 ruben peered up from his fallen position and watched lord malizar move through the circle of kneeling bodies . 
 ` how loud are the booming cries of desperate men ? ' 
 he snarled . 
 ` which hand should be stayed , and which raised , indignant with rage ? 
 is it fair that those different are punished for the fears of the rest ? ' 
 ruben sputtered , ` you are iástrons . ' 
 ` we were iástrons . 
 now we are something else entirely . 
 punished and shunned we were . 
 now we have dominance . ' 
 as though emerging from his hateful trance , malizar spun to peer upon the general . 
 ` and so you see , aleksey vasily was never yours . 
 he was mine . 
 honourable though i am sure his intentions were , he betrayed you , ruben . 
 how do you feel about that ? ' 
 ` no , ' vasily sobbed , having been dragged in and cast upon the chamber floor , now knelt beside his prime minister , who in turn stared at the ground . 
 ` i did n't want , i -- ' ` you betrayed your general ! 
 you exchanged the freedom of your world for his deliverance . 
 and you delivered well . ' 
 at the córonat 's command one of the cloaked figures walked over to ruben 's immobile form and placed a hand onto his chest . 
 at once , though his lung continued to compress almost completely , his heartbeat , his mind , and his senses reached a fixed height . 
 ` adrenaline , ' said the córonat . 
 ` you must be awake to hear this . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 was the only word ruben could say to vasily . 
 ` why ? ' 
 vasily looked up . 
 ` they ... they offered my home freedom . ' 
 ` that is why crilshar ... abandoned rotavar ? ' 
 ` yes , ' he said . 
 ` after that i knew i 'd have to do as i promised . 
 i did as they asked and delivered the letter , urging you to invade . ' 
 ` but it appears it did not take much urging , ' said the silver-masked being . 
 ruben heard no more . 
 everything had gone silent again . 
 his heart followed his anaesthetized mind , as the second figure brought into the room was thrown forward . 
 it was a woman . 
 her hair hung down past her shoulders in a way he had never seen . 
 she was beautiful . 
 his gaze met with hers and stayed locked . 
 ` m ... maxim ? ' 
 maxim pinzón rushed towards him and held her warm hand to his freezing brow . 
 ` i 'm so sorry , ruben . ' 
 ` maxim ... ' his mind could n't take the thought . 
 ` you ... i saw your body ... in your office ... you ... you ... ' ` stay still , ' she said . 
 ` you 're going to be all right . 
 just breathe ... breathe for me . ' 
 there were three . 
 three betrayals to destroy ruben berenguer . 
 but the fourth was worse still . 
 he looked up at the masked figure which moved above him like a cloud in a restless wind . 
 ` you have been a problem in my path for too long now , ' the córonat said . 
 ` lord malizar , ' he said . 
 ` who ... who are you ? ' 
 he laughed to himself . 
 ` how could i expect you to know who we are ? ' 
 ` then reveal yourself to me . 
 i am no longer a threat . ' 
 ` no , ' he said , his deep voice a cruel rattle as he reached up to remove the silver disguise , ` you are not . ' 
 though numb , ruben 's whole body shook as the powerful , silver eyes of von viticus stared back at him . 
 he looked back to edgar , aleksey , and maxim as they knelt , watching . 
 how could they stand there , alive ? 
 how could they be part of this ? 
 only , that was not what truly stung him at the core ; the heart-rending reality was that he had betrayed everyone else . 
 and they had betrayed him . 
 he deserved it . 
 but anna and gílana and callista do not . 
 ` how ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` how -- ' ` did i achieve this ? ' 
 finished the córonat ... von viticus ... lord malizar . 
 ` a long time and a consummate amount of skill . 
 i doubt you are aware of what happened within the moon of europa fifty years ago . ' 
 ` a ruin , ' he said . 
 ` a loss that should never have happened . 
 you mean to say -- ' ` the iástron race did not fall , ' said malizar , almost concerned that he should know that fact . 
 ` it did not fall . 
 it merely transformed . 
 and we are what emerged . 
 i was born marrak malizar beneath the moon and taught by the great leader of the iástrons : the abomination who would not share his true gift . 
 we have spent our lives hunting him and his followers since the day europa fell . ' 
 ruben lifted his head painfully and stared at maxim in the dim light . 
 ` you died , ' he said . 
 ` i was there ... maxim , you were dead . ' 
 ` maxim pinzón is among the most gifted of the order , ' said malizar . 
 ` from the old master whose name we do not utter , she received the echo of immortality . 
 she would have only appeared dead to you . 
 she was once known as ximma uiban . 
 i saved her as europa fell , when the old master fled , leaving her to die . ' 
 ` but edgar , ' ruben pleaded . 
 ` you died too ! ' 
 ` and who told you that ? ' 
 malizar smirked and vasily shifted uncomfortably . 
 ` this is who you warned me of ? ' 
 he asked mokrikov . 
 ` in your letter ? 
 in your diary ? ' 
 mokrikov nodded , trembling . 
 ` edgar is not a strong man , ' said malizar . 
 ` his attempts at betrayal worked in my favour this time . 
 he brought you here , to me . 
 but there will not be a second time , will there ? ' 
 mokrikov whimpered . 
 ` will there ? ' 
 ` no , m ... my córonat . ' 
 ` i did my ... my best , ' maxim said to ruben , open and defiant . 
 ` i always knew that our real master wanted to keep me safe . 
 and poor old lucasta . 
 i do miss them . ' 
 ruben smiled feebly , and whispered , ` lucasta 's still alive . 
 she now calls herself callista . ' 
 maxim said nothing , and a single tear fell down her cheek . 
 ` i know , ' she whispered so that malizar could not hear . 
 ` i think i 've always known . 
 but when she revealed her power at our last council i knew it for certain . 
 and i knew with no doubt in my mind that my allegiance belonged to you . 
 i never wanted to be part of this . ' 
 ` you did not , ximma , ' said malizar ; and he lifted his cloak to reveal his left wrist , upon which was emblazoned the image of a full moon and triangle . 
 ` but you are . 
 you bear the mark of my order too . 
 do not forget it ! ' 
 ` order a.m. , ' ruben said . 
 ` yes . 
 the great order of the allied moon . 
 soon to be heirs of the von of earth . ' 
 ` no , i wo n't let you ! ' 
 maxim cried , pulling a pistol from her cloak and raising it . 
 malizar crushed it in her hand . 
 her lips locked together and her face burned blood-red . 
 he turned to ruben . 
 ` you see , general , ' he said , ` when i initiated the fall of europa all those years ago we put into effect my plan , and preserved the new generation of iástrons . 
 we took the children and raised them , those with echoes and those without , and then returned many to their alignment worlds of origin with the single task of reaching the greatest positions of authority possible . 
 iástron children at the heart of the alignment , ready to tear it down when the order came . 
 hence , we have here the prime minister of rotavar and the lady of the golden army of titan . 
 ` except not all reached such heights , and those that did decided they cared too much for `` their people . '' 
 hence we have here two traitors . 
 trusting them was my mistake . 
 not all have the conviction i myself gained by becoming a leading member of the von under the guise of the feeble old von viticus . ' 
 he laughed again , cold and cruel . 
 ` so you mean , ' ruben said , soft and slow , his heartbeat weakening once more , ` that bravoral ... ' malizar nodded . 
 ` lord di-sak of bravoral is indeed ours . ' 
 ` the planet samos ? ' 
 ` the kind-queen 's echoed powers of possession and influence leave little to be desired . ' 
 ` and the emperor of enustine ? ' 
 ` ah yes , ' he said . 
 ` emperor abacco . 
 unfortunately we were unable to raise our iástron to a level appropriate enough to usurp the emperor . 
 though the others have weakened their own space sufficiently . 
 we will deal with our enusti agent when we are ready . ' 
 ` what will happen to them all ? ' 
 maxim asked , once more on her knees . 
 ` regrettably , ' he said , and with a hint of pleasure , ` we no longer require their allegiance . 
 the dishan and the retani dynasty have provided armies aplenty . 
 and you have handed us victory on a plate , general . ' 
 ` what will happen to them ? ' 
 ` they will be executed . ' 
 ` there are still iástrons in the systems , ' ruben said . 
 ` they 're still out there , giving hope and guidance to many . ' 
 he clutched his chest as his body tensed with pain . 
 the room started to fade , little by little . 
 ` what was left of the iástrons died with europa , ' malizar said , dropping his bottom lip in a menacing sneer . 
 ` now all that is left is humanity ... and us . 
 and i most definitely do not plan on losing the war this time around . ' 
 chapter seventy-five thunder echoed through the caverns . 
 light and dark continued to clash as fire and smoke like death and foul flame rose up and around the higher cave walls . 
 powerful drums of war hammered and pound a drum-beat of ruin . 
 mendoza and her guard were many levels deep now . 
 they 'd arrived at the point they needed to reach . 
 she had hoped they could stay ahead of the clashing armies , but without a means to breach their secure and guarded levels , they 'd had no choice but to wait for reinforcements . 
 but here they were . 
 they 'd made it . 
 she 'd done what ruben had asked of her . 
 the containers were in place . 
 mendoza stood back and surveyed the battle scene before her . 
 there were no safe ridges upon this level ; it was one limitless plateau , where vast bodies of men and women now collided with incomprehensible chaos . 
 bloodied corpses fell to the ground or else shattered into dust and pieces . 
 the crilshans were stronger in body and skill than any army she had ever faced . 
 waves of retani , rotavarian , and titanese pelted the crilshan line , coilbolts and blasters firing in every direction . 
 the retani soldiers charged wildly to and fro , firing upon and hacking down any enemy they could find . 
 but still the crilshan line held , and the captain 's thoughts became tainted with despair . 
 on hostile land , beneath enemy soil they fought ; but they were lacking the heavy artillery needed to win . 
 mendoza sensed victory slipping from their grasp . 
 soon the crilshans attacked with a wave of their own , but their line broke before they reached the titanese guard , clad in their black and gold armour . 
 mendoza raised her own coil and accurately tore down several foes , waving her weapon in a frenzy of electric-blue fire , before moving back quickly to the speedily-assembled communication centre . 
 there her comm-leaders stood , giving and receiving orders via comms to the battlefield . 
 communication had been lost with the armada currently clashing above the planet , and they were on their own for the moment . 
 the retani chieftains were stationed nearby , also attempting to keep communication with the divided companies throughout the limitless caverns . 
 but something was wrong . 
 as she ran over , the retani leaders were suddenly stood , looking at each other ; whispering , with grave , intense faces . 
 she could n't tell over the roar of battle just what they were saying to each other . 
 but seconds later it was well and truly clear . 
 one of the chieftains looked over and his eye met with mendoza 's . 
 his eyes dimmed . 
 the retani raised his blaster and aimed it at the titanese comm-post . 
 but the titan-trained warrior was faster . 
 she lifted her right arm , coil primed , and flicked her upper limb forwards with all her strength . 
 the ensuing blast of energy took out several of the retanis and devastated the comm-link between them . 
 however , whatever order they had just received , it had already made it through . 
 mendoza turned in horror and watched as the chieftains yelled and cried fresh orders , and at once huge numbers of retani warriors spun and advanced on the titanese line . 
 surrounded by allies and enemies , hundreds of her guard were at once overwhelmed . 
 ` no ! ' 
 she cried , utterly helpless . 
 enemy soldiers began charging through the column , impaling men and women alike with their spears and extended blades . 
 no longer a battle , the chaos-of-a-rout quickly became a massacre . 
 and mendoza had only one thought : she had to warn ruben . 
 before she could move , a beam-mortar detonated just ahead ; the impact sent her flying into the damaged console to her rear . 
 her coil fell from her hand . 
 men were sent soaring , their echoing cries lost in the ensuing clamour of destruction and death . 
 she picked herself up and knelt , gasping for air , winded , before struggling to her feet , grasping her coil , and charging through the tumult . 
 she knocked down several joyous crilshans she found in her way as they chanted and laughed at the retreating army of gold . 
 directly ahead , one crilshan headed for her , and she took a deep breath , brought her coil up , and forced it through his helmet , shattering his visor and driving the shards into his face . 
 a blow was struck across her back and she staggered forwards , releasing a bolt at a passing warrior . 
 she took down two . 
 she focused her eyes and saw another temporary comm-station just ahead ; she had to inform ruben of the betrayal . 
 she had to warn him . 
 but before she could move , a hand seized her shoulder . 
 mendoza turned into the bloody face of the crilshan whose helmet she had broken . 
 his face twisted , blood-spattered and bulging , and he brought his head forward , knocked it into hers , sending her to the ground . 
 she twisted and crawled away , attempting to find her coil among the mass of bodies beneath . 
 blood oozed from her face . 
 a hand found her back and pulled her up . 
 it was him . 
 thud ! 
 his hand broke her jaw . 
 she landed on her stomach sobbing , and scrambled for her life . 
 everything and everyone around her moved without sound . 
 blasts and waves of fire filled her vision . 
 a sharp pain raged through the back of her head and her face plunged into the blood-red sludge . 
 something heavy forced her face down into the mud . 
 she could n't breathe . 
 at once she was pulled up and thrown onto her back . 
 the only thing she could see was the dark smile and black stare of the blood-covered crilshan as he threw his blade to the ground and clambered on top of her . 
 his hands wrapped around her throat . 
 she clawed at his face , gasping for breath . 
 he would n't let go . 
 no , she thought ; you will not take my life ! 
 his face spun , laughter rang in her ears . 
 her hand found her pocket , lifted the device from inside . 
 and she released the trigger , connected to the grenade in her hand , the smile on the crilshan 's face turned to terror , and everything blasted into blackness . 
 chapter seventy-six they had lost . 
 there was nothing more ruben could do . 
 his vision failed as he watched the image-link now projected onto the chamber wall . 
 his fleet above crilshar was decimated ; the golden army shattered ; a silent death in space for his brave soldiers . 
 the rout in the higher levels had turned into a hunt . 
 none could escape . 
 none would know what had transpired within the caverns tonight -- on this black night of battle and betrayal . 
 as the entire room watched the far wall , edgar mokrikov scurried towards his old friend . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ruben , ' he said . 
 ` i 'm so , so sorry . ' 
 ruben shook his head . 
 maxim held her hand over his chest , compressing the wound . 
 ` let me , ' mokrikov said . 
 ` allow me this . ' 
 and he went to place his hand over the wound . 
 ` i can help him . 
 i can make him well again . ' 
 but a pale hand took his wrist as he leaned in . 
 ` no , ' wivartha said , and he pulled mokrikov up , tossing him to the ground in the centre of the chamber . 
 ` you will not heal that disgrace ! 
 he deserves to die ! ' 
 then wivartha stopped where he stood , silent . 
 lord malizar moved towards the old dishan and whispered something into his ear . 
 the crilshan stepped back and kneeled again . 
 ` the fate of ruben berenguer is no longer important , ' malizar said , looking at mokrikov , who whimpered where he was . 
 ` you have no right to heal him , traitor . 
 i would snap your neck were your echo not so useful . ' 
 ` crilshar has won victory over titan , ' wivartha said to malizar . 
 ` we served you as best we could . ' 
 malizar watched wivartha squirm . 
 ` that is true . 
 but you have had your time , wivartha dishan . 
 you have ruled as high lord where you were neither deserving nor entitled . 
 you have served your córonat well . 
 but crilshar requires a new commander . 
 somebody young , strong , and able . 
 somebody untainted . 
 somebody who understands anger and revenge ... and hate . ' 
 he turned to yux dishan , sat on his throne , maimed , disfigured , and motionless , having watched events unfold . 
 ` somebody like him . ' 
 malizar looked to mokrikov and nodded . 
 the rotavarian bowed in cowardice and staggered over to the mutated high lord . 
 everybody stood transfixed and ruben pushed himself up against the debris-laden onyx steps . 
 maxim and aleksey looked up , still kneeling . 
 the old rotavarian shuffled up to the line of three thrones . 
 once there he pressed both hands over yux 's deformed face , closed his eyes , and pressed down . 
 yux began to tremble and convulse . 
 ` he 's choking him ! ' 
 wivartha said , he went to move forward . 
 malizar reached out a hand . 
 the dishan stood still . 
 at once , yux 's folds and masses of body , bone , and skin folded inward . 
 his high-pitched whimpering grew into a loud , deep cry of anguish . 
 uneven hair extended down past his shoulders and his outsized robes hung away as his brittle body snapped into previously unknown positions . 
 within seconds a man sat back in the place of the deformed creature , and slowly but surely there stepped forward -- wicked and powerful with the dark army at his command -- a high lord . 
 * * * under no circumstances , and certainly never before another , did a member of the dark race weep . 
 but this one did . 
 a dark tear fell down yux dishan 's cheek as he staggered over to his sister 's lifeless form , not caring for the blood in which he found himself immersed . 
 and yux rocked avaj 's body , stroking her long , fair hair as she had for him every day of his unbearable , wretched life . 
 ruben watched , mortified at the man knelt before him -- a death for which he was answerable . 
 ` one cruel aim deserves another , ' yux said with unbearable grief . 
 ` you took from me everything . 
 i promise you , all will be taken from you . ' 
 ` i have already lost everything ... i ever held dear , ' he said . 
 ` the assault on titan took somebody very close from me . 
 the attack at aurora took my nieces . 
 i know they are here , and i have brought down all the force i can marshal ... to take them back . ' 
 yux looked up to his uncle . 
 wivartha shook his head . 
 ` we are not responsible for the attack at the outpost you are referring to . ' 
 ` then who ? ' 
 ` i can answer that , ' said malizar , flowing between them like a dark cloud . 
 ` if you accept your place at my side , high lord , i will enlighten you all to the answers you so terribly want . ' 
 yux dishan did not answer ; he simply bowed his head in submission to the córonat -- the self-crowned man . 
 ` now , ' malizar commanded his cloaked guard , ` leave us . ' 
 once the dark soldiers had left the chamber the córonat surveyed the kneeling bodies . 
 the two dishan men knelt side-by-side . 
 on their knees , the two rotavarians did not raise a chin . 
 the two titanese , however , gazed up -- disgraced and at the mercy of an overwhelming darkness . 
 ` outpost aurora , ' malizar said , ` was attacked by my people , at my command . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` your family is dead . ' 
 ` no . ' 
 he would n't believe it . 
 he could n't . 
 ` for what ? ' 
 ` i doubt any of you have heard , not the rumour , but the tale ... of erebus . ' 
 ruben had not . 
 it seemed he was not the only one . 
 malizar motioned for silence . 
 ` old earth mythology tells the story of erebus . 
 son of chaos , husband of nyx , and the epitome of darkness and shadow . 
 now , listen carefully , because i will reveal this only once . 
 far past the borders of manned space there exists a planet , an uncharted world , known as tempest-beta . 
 it has thus far been the best kept secret within the entire history of the four systems . 
 the best kept secret bar one . 
 ` for orbiting the planet is an asteroid whose origin is not of this part of the galaxy . 
 a ship under the influence of a commander of my order discovered this place ten years ago , and i named it erebus . ' 
 ` so crilshar never had it ? ' 
 tears now stung ruben 's eyes . 
 ` no . 
 they did not even know about it . ' 
 ` my sister did , ' yux said . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` you all undervalued her astuteness , ' he said . 
 ` she spoke to me every day . 
 she told me everything . 
 she had heard the rumours , searched and probed for years , and finally learned the truth . 
 that 's when she contacted titan ... ' ` and told me of the crilshan weapon x , ' maxim said . 
 ` my unknown agent . 
 it was her . 
 i would never have imagined . ' 
 ` very clever , ' said malizar . 
 ` but now she is dead . 
 and before you speak anymore i shall tell you : erebus is not a weapon . 
 not in the sense we know . 
 for upon it we discovered life equivalent to that of ourselves . 
 and through it i now create my army . ' 
 ` army ? ' 
 maxim squirmed . 
 ` yes , ximma , army . 
 using the captives taken from aurora to create a dark , unconquerable legion , whose darkness will spread across the systems and eventually to earth . 
 all will obey my order . 
 all will submit to the córonat : the new leader of the iástrons . 
 they will fear us , as they should have , always . 
 humanity will bow to us , listen to us , and live as we tell them to live . ' 
 ruben looked to the ground . 
 he had heard those words before . 
 ` a darkness is approaching . 
 however , it is much more frightful than crilshar alone . 
 something else is coming , ruben , and titan 's end is near . ' 
 callista spoke the words , her prophecy . 
 she saw it ; but too late to act . 
 erebus was the darkness . 
 ` there must be a reason you would explain this , ' maxim said . 
 ` such information presented to your enemies so freely can not be without an end . ' 
 malizar looked at her . 
 ` i simply want you to understand just what power you 're dealing with , and what it means for us all . ' 
 ` we 're not alone in this galaxy , ' ruben muttered . 
 ` no ... we are not . ' 
 he rose up now , as though he was finished with all of them . 
 ` i also reveal to you my thoughts and desires because you will never again meet a soul worth informing . 
 i am sure my allies , the retani dynasty , will make room in hellfire for such deserving traitors . ' 
 frightened and cold , a tear fell down ruben 's cheek as he turned to look at the others in the chamber . 
 vasily 's fists pressed into the ground as he knelt nearby , his eyes fighting back tears . 
 he had only done what he thought was necessary to save his people . 
 the general bore no resentment . 
 edgar mokrikov knelt behind malizar , clutching his head in the palms of his hands as though attempting to come to terms with what the córonat had revealed , resigned to serve him forever . 
 ruben pitied him . 
 lady maxim pinzón , however , held her head high . 
 ` i am truly sorry , ' she said to him . 
 ` mauldeth and i tried to find the weapon . 
 our efforts were futile , which is why i turned to you . 
 i had to find it myself . 
 i could n't let him find it first . ' 
 malizar glared at her defiance . 
 ` so when you realised it was too late you thought you would go along with my plan and come to kill me yourself ? ' 
 maxim did not reply . 
 her faith had fallen . 
 hush filled the chamber . 
 ` and that is it ? ' 
 ruben said as he stared into the true face of darkness . 
 malizar gazed back , victorious , whispered , ` that is it . 
 now that your orbiting fleet is destroyed , your invading army crushed , i will leave you with the dishan . 
 enjoy your last moments . ' 
 ruben breathed out deeply . 
 ` it was always my intention : to surrender my life . ' 
 ` well now you have , ' malizar said , and turned . 
 ` only , i ca n't let you leave either ... ' the cloaked man stopped , spun back harshly . 
 ` and how do you plan to stop me ? ' 
 he shifted in agony . 
 ` i planned this long before today . 
 and now i know my family 's not down here , there is nothing that will stop me from destroying crilshar entirely . ' 
 malizar hesitated , be it slightly and only for an instant , but it was all that was needed for his alarm to lay itself bare for all to see . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` your overconfidence has made you underestimate everyone around you . 
 me included . ' 
 ` i see your desperation , general . ' 
 ` i lie here , powerless . 
 and yet , i 'm still more powerful than you . ' 
 malizar laughed ; a long , cold , intoxicating laugh . 
 ` i do n't believe you . ' 
 ` you do n't need to believe me . 
 just know that while we have been down here , while you 've been explaining all your cunning plans and proving just how powerful you are , my brave soldiers have been descending crilshar 's caverns -- one by one -- until they completed the task that was asked of them . 
 until they 'd prepared the explosives , ready for my command . ' 
 with that , both yux and wivartha dishan stepped forward , panic on their pale faces . 
 ` what have you done ? ' 
 said yux . 
 ` he has done nothing , ' malizar said . 
 ` and now he will die . 
 i can feel his pulse weaken . 
 minutes are all you have , general -- ' ` minutes are all i need . ' 
 ` what have you done ? ' 
 yux asked again . 
 ` this high chamber is far beneath the surface , yes ? ' 
 ` yes , ' wivartha said . 
 ` built upon the crilshan database ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 ` and directly below the hub of the crilshan surrogate sun . ' 
 the last words did not form a question . 
 everybody in the room gasped at once . 
 ` you have n't ! ' 
 yux cried . 
 ` it was a trap ? ' 
 ruben nodded . 
 ` your populace living above us -- above the hub -- will survive , my friend . 
 but we -- ' malizar 's hand wrapped fiercely around his throat , fear filling his twisted features . 
 ` how long ? ' 
 ` my dear córonat -- ' ` tell me how long ! ' 
 ruben leaned toward his beaten foe . 
 ` this is for my girls . ' 
 he raised both arms with one final labour of strength , pushed the switch on his wrist , activating the blast . 
 malizar twisted to run , but at once the walls and the ground and their very bodies shook as the many levels which made up the surrogate sun fell upon themselves , crashing towards them with an unimaginable furore . 
 a thunderous roar filled their ears , and ruben wept . 
 his last thoughts were with anna and gílana , and , as he slipped away , he prayed that there was someone -- anyone , anybody at all -- out there to watch over them ... chapter seventy-seven had it been fear which had carried antal justus to this dark moment , possible in millions and yet sadly inevitable , conceivable only in dreams and in nightmares , then he did not know it . 
 knelt upon the ground , the anger flooding through his veins fuelled a fury which caused him to cry aloud ; and he screamed in agony for the loss he had endured once more . 
 and the beasts surrounding him , which had never felt a resonance like the rage of a fearless man , for an instant backed away , into the shadows , not knowing who or what in erebus this mighty man was . 
 he 'd not been strong enough . 
 from the moment he 'd realised they had to come down here , he knew they would n't make it out alive . 
 but every ounce of his being wanted to see his friends again , to sit at the helm of the flux and feel the familiar surge of emotion and power fill his body . 
 glimpsing the glaring image of anna 's face disappear as she fell to her death , however , he realised he no longer wanted to leave . 
 he 'd held her terrified gaze as she slipped away into the pure white light and erebus ' unending darkness . 
 much like -- ` justus ! ' 
 ferranti yelled . 
 ` there 's nothing we can do now ! 
 they 're coming ! 
 come on ! ' 
 ferranti broke into a run towards one of the tunnels leading out of the central chamber , unaware that something lay in his path . 
 justus once again hesitated , and stood on the brink of the precipice , at the edge of everything . 
 there was no way anna could have survived the fall , but somehow he found a small glimmer of hope within that she was down there , helpless but alive . 
 the sphere of firelight in the heart of the chamber continued to burn and surge a malevolent white ; he could n't pull himself away from it . 
 then the hissing resonated throughout the chamber much louder than before , and something took hold of him from behind . 
 he twisted to see ferranti 's tearful face through his life-suit 's visor , burning brightly like the flames behind . 
 ` she might yet be alive , ' justus pleaded . 
 ` we ... we can still save her . ' 
 ` yes , we can , ' ferranti said . 
 ` but only if we get out of here now . ' 
 ` okay , but where ? ' 
 ferranti looked to the ground and , kneeling down , picked up anna 's swiss-knife . 
 and as the white flame licked the air around them , it struck the knife and the torch within it suddenly shone fiercer than any battery could allow ; it illuminated the far cave wall and a single tunnel leading out . 
 and so , with a lingering yet rekindled hope , they bolted into the unknown , a small torch and a single weapon between them , the triumphant bellows of the beasts tearing after . 
 * * * they scurried through impossible tunnels , helping each other over large jutting black rocks and inside small passageways requiring them to crawl tightly through . 
 clawing hands forever reached after them . 
 ` we have to go down , ' justus said , tearing ahead . 
 ` as far down as we can . 
 i 'm not leaving without her ! ' 
 ` nor am i , ' said ferranti as he rushed to keep up . 
 ` her uncle trusted me ; i gave him my word , and now i 've failed him . ' 
 ` it was i who brought you here , ' he said . 
 ` if you 're looking for someone to blame , lay it with me . ' 
 ` it sounds like you 've already done that . ' 
 ` it 's all been down to me . 
 i 've run constantly . 
 well i 'm not leaving anna down there ! ' 
 ` we wo n't . 
 this way ! ' 
 ferranti aimed the torchlight ahead . 
 they descended a steep bank , smooth at several points , which appeared as though they could have been carved from the otherwise sharp and terrible rock face . 
 upon realising that they had reached a winding crossroads , the two halted . 
 ferranti moved the torch right . 
 justus aimed his coil to the left . 
 both breathed deeply . 
 ` which way ? ' 
 ferranti asked . 
 ` what does it matter ? ' 
 ` we live or we die . ' 
 ` fair enough . 
 left . ' 
 ` the crimson path . 
 lead the way . ' 
 justus moved swiftly through , aware that one of those things could emerge around a corner at any moment . 
 ` how is it you even ended up here ? ' 
 ferranti asked after some minutes of non-stop sprinting . 
 ` let 's not talk , ' justus replied . 
 ` i heard what anna said to you up there , before the beast came . 
 you have n't met before , have you ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 ` but you dreamt of her ? ' 
 ` yes . ' 
 ` and she dreamt of you . ' 
 justus stopped . 
 ` so she says . ' 
 he turned to face him . 
 ` for the past year i 've dreamt of that orb , that fire , that black flame up there . 
 in some way i think it drove me to leave everything behind . 
 i made myself believe i was leaving for the good of my friends . 
 but i was running away ... running here . 
 just like when i left earth . ' 
 he held his breath , unable to believe he 'd actually said the words . 
 for a long time he 'd never mentioned his old home , and his sudden confession had taken him by surprise . 
 ferranti , however , said nothing of it and urged him forwards ; and they made a start once again . 
 ` you have a choice now , justus . ' 
 ` i abandoned my friends , ' he said . 
 ` i ca n't go back . 
 that 's why i 'm here . 
 that 's why i 've become what i have . ' 
 ` running away was n't the reason . 
 losing faith in yourself is what caused you to make the wrong choices . ' 
 justus kept moving . 
 he did not answer . 
 red and white light continued to guide them . 
 they helped each other over a range of ridges , large and overhanging ; and with each turn -- corner , climb , and crevice -- they stumbled lower . 
 eventually they emerged within another deep chamber . 
 despite the searing heat within the suits , shivers trickled down justus ' spine . 
 he gulped and raised his coil , illuminating the many bodies now lay twisted and discarded in their way . 
 twenty ... thirty ... forty bodies spread before them . 
 all were human , though most lacked any sort of space gear . 
 the two captains moved cautiously through . 
 ` is anna here ? 
 can you see her ? ' 
 ferranti asked . 
 ` no . ' 
 justus breathed deeply inside his scorching helmet . 
 ` she 's not here . 
 those that had them have all been stripped of their helmets . 
 everyone suffocated . 
 can you see her ? 
 ferranti ? ' 
 ferranti had stopped moving . 
 justus backed up towards him and looked to where the captain had aimed his torchlight . 
 justus swore . 
 ` my thoughts exactly , ' ferranti said . 
 ` are those what i think they are ? ' 
 ` yep . ' 
 he leaned in closer and reached out to touch the black cave wall . 
 etched into the rock , as large as a man , were gaunt shapes ... figures of beasts . 
 he trained the light of the coil up high and followed the progression of frightening outlines : depictions of the beasts of the labyrinth in biting horror among the darkness of the maze . 
 ` if only ketrass were here , ' he said . 
 ` cave drawings -- ha ! ' 
 ` just wait . 
 there 's more . ' 
 as the outlines moved along they quickly became grander , taller , and a great deal more alien . 
 dark beings , horned from head to toe , stood above the beasts , as though to command them , in bizarrely-rendered movements , cruel and otherworldly . 
 ` well ... that 's new . 
 those beasts came from these ... these taller beings . ' 
 ferranti took his arm tight . 
 ` we do n't have time to stop . ' 
 justus consented , and they moved on . 
 any fire they 'd held inside quickly waned and the reality of their situation set in . 
 how were they going to find anna amid a maze of black ? 
 would they be able to get back up if they were to find her ? 
 the crushing weight of the labyrinth , the icy sensation in his injured arm , and the burden of guilt ate away at what little strength he had left . 
 the two stumbled down another embankment , bordered by yet more carvings of beasts and masters , until only a barely-visible crest mired their way . 
 over the ethereal edge they gazed , and down into a field of black ; the red and white light shone down just enough for the two to make out what lay below . 
 justus almost dropped the coil and beside him ferranti threw his hands over his mouth in shock as they stared down upon a graveyard of black bone . 
 moving black bone . 
 stirring in the presence of a frailer and altogether more fearful species , the beings below gazed up at the two captains . 
 and then , the echo as of vast , countless serpents circled through the chamber ; the ground rose up and thousands upon thousands of horned beasts of bone scaled the black rock towards them . 
 without having to look to one another , they ran . 
 racing back the way they had wandered justus wildly fired the coil at the hissing beasts now tearing through the tunnel in pursuit . 
 two or three were knocked back , but the army they had awoken no bolt , blaster , or battalion could break . 
 ferranti shone the beam down another tunnel before taking justus by the scruff of the neck and dragging him down . 
 a beast surfaced before them , wedging itself into the gap . 
 justus fired and a burning bolt of blood hit it dead on . 
 they ran left , and down a steep verge . 
 another bounded in their way . 
 justus fired the coil and yanked his counterpart down another passage leading away . 
 a sheer drop followed , and at the bottom the two found their feet , fortunately unscathed , before sliding through a small gap , only just accessible through their leaner-than-most builds . 
 the life-suits remained intact . 
 the beasts behind hissed and shrieked , trapped on the other side , unable to fit through . 
 ferranti swore . 
 ` i need a drink ! ' 
 ` you and me both ! ' 
 ` when -- ' ` wait ! ' 
 he held his coil up . 
 ` you hear it ? ' 
 ` where are they ? ' 
 ` i do n't know ! ' 
 ` behind us . ' 
 another hissing broke out around them , and though they took off down another tunnel , they were once again pursued . 
 but this time there was no way out . 
 a deep fracture in the rock met them ; a cliff across which they had no hope of leaping . 
 behind them shapes advanced . 
 ` we ca n't jump across ! ' 
 ferranti said . 
 ` our only chance is to jump down . 
 but we 're dead either way ! ' 
 ` okay then , ' justus said . 
 ` we jump . ' 
 ` are you mad ?! ' 
 ` most definitely ! ' 
 ` we ca n't ! ' 
 something old but familiar bubbled up within justus at that moment ; and with a broad smile on his sweating face he looked at the captain beside him , and then to the mass of black behind . 
 he closed his eyes , took ferranti 's arm , and said , ` goodbye chaps ! ' 
 they jumped . 
 chapter seventy-eight araman alwar held his hands behind his back , fingers unfeeling , as he shivered in the cold expanse of the dock , gazing out of the hangar casement at tempest-beta below . 
 he had stood at this point and looked out at the glowing sphere many times during his stay . 
 even now it grasped his mind with a deadly , alluring beauty . 
 with the lights behind him dimming he was soon able to see waves of light appear in the upper atmosphere of the world as flashing forks streaked across the raging anvil and traces of charged particles rose up above the glowing cloud line . 
 the electrostatic energy emitted and gathered in the magnetosphere of the planet was in fact what powered erebus station . 
 the close , synchronous orbit of the asteroid allowed for energy to be harvested . 
 araman had been involved with improving the original model for this . 
 it was the very reason constantine lesper had invited him here in the first place . 
 upon arrival all that time ago -- that is to say ten years , two months , and thirteen days -- he had never imagined this would be his fate . 
 he had thought at first that his time here would go so fast , among all the strange and unimaginable things he would be seeing and doing ; but in reality every day had passed with the momentum of a decade . 
 it was as though he had been here forever . 
 lifting the hood of his jacket above his head he attempted to prevent the numbness now deadening his ears . 
 his mind had already dulled , his attention focused on one thing and one thing alone : helping antal justus from within the labyrinth . 
 as he stood gazing out , the sound of racing footsteps came charging behind him . 
 private riess appeared at the same window . 
 he had expected it to be ketrass , and wondered how things with her and kramer could have gone . 
 riess cleared his throat . 
 ` what have you found out ? ' 
 araman asked calmly . 
 ` everyone i 've s ... spoken to is loyal t ... t ... to kramer , ' riess stuttered . 
 ` he 's got them all eating out of his h ... hand . ' 
 ` they 're scared , ' he said , now shivering too . 
 ` kramer can offer them a way out . 
 they 'll do anything he wants to get away from here . 
 we ca n't fight that . ' 
 riess yawned . 
 his eyes were blood-shot , as exhausted as it was possible to be ; his breath drifted before him for several seconds . 
 ` they 're shutting everything down , ' araman said . 
 ` the temperature 's plummeted . 
 lights are just about gone . 
 gravity and oxygen ducts are all that 's left . ' 
 ` and what about those people , t ... trapped down there ? ' 
 the private asked . 
 ` i guess there 's no hope for them now . ' 
 araman turned his head . 
 ` do n't say that , riess . 
 there 's always a little hope , even if it only belongs to one of us . ' 
 ` well ... what do you think we should do ? ' 
 he moved closer and whispered , ` the barricade starting from the mess hall in section five runs right down into section six . 
 from what i 've heard , the fortified levels are staggered , meaning there is a chance , if you can get through the greatest concentration in the mess hall . 
 we have to find a way to tear it down , and quick . 
 if they make it , the captain and the others will try to come up that way . ' 
 ` i 'll try and do what i can . ' 
 ` do n't try , ' araman said . 
 ` we have to do it or they die . 
 and so do we . 
 go now . ' 
 riess nodded . 
 ` what are you going to do ? ' 
 ` we need all the soldiers up here so that you 're free to break through , ' he said . 
 ` i 'll ensure you have some time , and are n't interrupted . ' 
 ` yes , s ... sir . ' 
 the private marched away with no haste to spare . 
 araman turned to look back out at the storm-filled world . 
 what would become of them all by morning , he could not imagine . 
 within minutes , just as he had expected , though it had taken longer than he had hoped , avéne ketrass entered the hangar and marched right up to him . 
 he turned to her . 
 her eyes were red and she looked stern and unforgiving . 
 araman reached out a hand to her , but she pulled away . 
 ` you were going to just let me kill him ! ' 
 she snapped . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` you had no intention of doing it yourself ! ' 
 ` i would if i could , ' he retorted . 
 ` he surrounded himself with a personal guard . 
 you know you were the only one that could get close ! ' 
 ` oh , i got close , ' she said . 
 ` close enough to see that he 's right . ' 
 ` i do n't understand . ' 
 ` there 's something down there ... on the planet . 
 it got lesper , and kramer plans on going down to find it , just as soon as the craft 's ready . ' 
 she nodded over to the other end of the platform , where a dozen of kramer 's men were rushing into position around the craft , stopping anyone from boarding . 
 the exterior panels that had been removed were already being placed back on . 
 ` they 're ready , ' he said . 
 ` kramer 's preparing the girl at this moment . ' 
 she took his hand and whispered , ` araman , we have to work with him . ' 
 he shook his head . 
 ` it 's the only way . ' 
 ` you know i ca n't do that . ' 
 ` then you 've chosen the wrong side . ' 
 ` it is not i that has chosen , ' he said . 
 ` you turned your back on common sense and morality the moment you allied yourself with that madman . ' 
 he lowered his voice . 
 ` you 'll kill us all ! ' 
 her hand connected with his face ; in the cold it coursed through him like scalding water . 
 ` i am doing what is best for everyone ! ' 
 she cried . 
 ` the evil beneath us will spread and consume everything else unless we deal with it here and now ! 
 it 's too late to run away . ' 
 ` no , ' he said , grasping her hand . 
 ` it 's not too late . 
 there 's nothing you can do . 
 we have to run . ' 
 ` you spineless thing ! 
 how about thinking of someone else ? ' 
 ` that 's exactly what i am doing ! ' 
 ` you 're only thinking about yourself ! ' 
 ` that 's not true . 
 none of us ever wanted this . 
 and what xerin kramer is doing to that girl -- ' ` that girl is pregnant ! ' 
 she hissed . 
 silence lingered between them . 
 only the nearby clamour of heavy boots and clinking metal could be heard . 
 after a time ketrass sighed . 
 ` kramer has collated most of the data and research that has taken place here over the years . 
 he 's not giving up on it all so easily . 
 he is going to resume the testing he and lesper started , aided by my research of the rock and its properties , using the girl . ' 
 and the baby ? 
 araman closed his eyes and reached into his pocket . 
 ` i ca n't let that happen . ' 
 and before he realised what he was doing , he had taken her arm , twisted her round , and thrust the tip of the blaster into her back . 
 she stiffened up in shock and slowly he pushed past the workers , moving through towards section five . 
 she went to speak , but he cut her off . 
 ` one word about justus or the labyrinth and you 'll wish you did n't , ' he said . 
 ` you 've chosen what is important to you . 
 so have i. ' she said nothing . 
 kramer 's door opened swiftly and araman forced ketrass to enter first . 
 kramer , who had been sat alone at his desk , stood rapidly and as ketrass landed on her knees he aimed the blaster , took a shot at the professor , but missed his neck by inches . 
 the screen behind him shattered in a crackling flash . 
 ` araman , no ! ' 
 ketrass cried . 
 kramer raised a pistol of his own . 
 araman took another shot , missed , and kramer fell back , dropping the firearm . 
 he had to do this . 
 he had to delay them enough so that antal could get out . 
 he picked up kramer 's dropped pistol and spun , jamming the door behind him , before proceeding to move rapidly around the room , exploring the corners for hidden scientists or soldiers . 
 satisfied they were alone , he forced the two into the far corner and he sat down himself . 
 ketrass shivered but kramer merely breathed out , indifferent and cold . 
 ` avéne did n't kill me , and neither will you , boy . ' 
 ` be quiet , ' he told him , directing the blaster at the two whilst checking the driad girl 's vital signs . 
 from what he could tell she seemed all right ; she was breathing normally , at least , merely sedated for the time being . 
 ` what have you done to her ? ' 
 ` why , nothing . ' 
 kramer smirked . 
 ` and now i doubt we 'll get the chance . 
 well done , alwar . 
 you 're single-handedly ruining any prospect of understanding those creatures we 'd have had . ' 
 ` by injecting the unborn foetus of a teenage girl ? ' 
 araman cried . 
 ketrass gasped . 
 ` is that what you planned to do ? ' 
 ` nobody chooses the circumstances , ' kramer said . 
 ` yes , they do . 
 i do , ' he said . 
 ` i wo n't let you . ' 
 a loud thumping came from the other side of the door , coupled with the muffled-but-noticeably-tense cries of soldiers . 
 kramer took a comm device from his coat pocket and looked to araman . 
 ` may i ? ' 
 he asked . 
 araman nodded . 
 ` this is professor kramer , ' he declared . 
 ` there is a malfunction with the hatch , almost certainly due to the fluctuating power reserves . 
 nothing to worry about . 
 it 's being handled from inside here . ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 araman panicked . 
 the soldiers had to keep their attention up here . 
 riess could n't have anyone running round in the mess hall . 
 he strode across the room , snatched the comm from kramer , and shouted , ` stay away from the door ! 
 it 's set to explode , and i doubt you 'll need any more delays if you want to escape before the beasts come back ! ' 
 and with that he slammed the comm into the table , where it fractured into pieces . 
 kramer put his hands together and applauded . 
 ` i did n't know you had it in you , alwar , ' he said . 
 ` but i do have one question . ' 
 ` and that is ? ' 
 ` what now ? ' 
 chapter seventy-nine ` wake up , anna . 
 wake up , my baby . ' 
 anna rolled over and breathed out . 
 her head lolled back , though the muddle of numbness and agony threw her head spinning . 
 for a long time she lay still , curled up tightly . 
 when she listened , the slightest movement or whisper warning her eardrums like an intimate echo , there was no silence ; there was no deep dark or mysterious tremor beneath her feet . 
 she was alone , and no one was coming for her . 
 eventually she realised she had no choice but to move ; and so she opened her eyes , breathed in deeply , and looked up . 
 something gazed down at her . 
 it was faceless . 
 it watched . 
 it was dark , and yet it burned . 
 the dark grew into a brightness too intense . 
 her ears popped . 
 the white flame above grew until it scalded her mind . 
 it looked within her , and it knew her , and it stepped into her soul . 
 at once she felt strong and powerful and angry , no longer tainted by horror or despair . 
 but as she stood and looked up , a low roar and a howling wind encircled her . 
 the black ground below trembled , shadows reached up to grasp her ankles , and an echoing voice , dark and deep and horrifying , spoke : ` you wish for your sister , ' it said , and she fell to her knees as it echoed through her . 
 ` that she may be safe -- that he who took her to die ! ' 
 she did not reply , and the voice spoke again . 
 ` you know what he is doing to her up there . 
 you know he will hurt her . 
 you know here in your soul you will not see her again unless you destroy him ! ' 
 ` i ca n't ! ' 
 ` yes , you can ! 
 you want to take his heart in your hand , and squeeze the life from his body ! ' 
 yes , she thought . 
 that 's exactly what i want to do ! 
 ` you have that power . 
 do it . ' 
 take a life ? 
 ` it is easy ... you can do it , anna berenguer . 
 go . 
 now . ' 
 but then , from the corner of her mind , another voice spoke . 
 ` no , my baby . 
 stay where you are . 
 listen to me ... ' anna turned . 
 veiled in the white flame , still and calm , stood a woman ; she was blonde , beautiful , and fair . 
 ` mother ? ' 
 ` do not listen to her ! ' 
 the voice uttered , and the room shook . 
 ` you can not trust her . 
 she is only an impression in your mind . 
 a memory of what you were ... ' ` listen to me , anna , ' her mother said . 
 ` get out of here . 
 find your sister and get away ! ' 
 ` quiet , bitch ! 
 she knows her mind -- it is already made ! ' 
 anna reached out for her mother . 
 she had seen her in her dreams forever , it seemed ; now she had come back for her . 
 ` mum , i 'm here . 
 mum ! ' 
 but as soon as they touched , the white flame of the orb broke above , and the same horrific shrieks of anguish filled the space . 
 ` mother , no ! ' 
 ` you are alone , and you know what you have to do . ' 
 ` no ! 
 gílana ! ' 
 she cried , and the light retreated from inside her . 
 ` leave me ! ' 
 she screamed . 
 her mother disappeared and she fell to her knees . 
 as she did , the breaking orb up high blistered black once more . 
 anna fell to the ground . 
 whatever it was , she could not look at it again . 
 after several moments everything went dark , all but a delicate glow from the orb . 
 it looked just like it did in her dreams . 
 a stinging sensation shot through her hand . 
 she lifted it and saw blood seep through the glove from a deep cut in which was buried a shard of broken armour . 
 she pulled it out . 
 it was only then that she questioned where the sharp piece had come from . 
 the life-suit ! 
 anna clawed desperately at her visor , only to find that there was nothing between her and the seemingly alien air . 
 awestruck , she took the helmet slowly from her head , to find that she could breathe . 
 she looked around the chamber , situated below the ominous orb . 
 though the fire burned black above her once more , it was as though the white flame of the sphere had remained behind her eyes . 
 she gazed at the black rock and saw through it ; the black labyrinth was no longer a maze but a clear network of organised tunnels . 
 and the higher she looked , the more she realised that she would never find the others and get to her sister as well . 
 she stood . 
 ` how ? 
 how did i even survive the fall , never mind find myself able to see where i am ? ' 
 as though in answer to her question , which itself resonated throughout the underpinning chamber and the surrounding tunnels , she realised the answer . 
 the black bracelet she had found up above before her fall seemed almost burned into her arm . 
 it would not move . 
 it was fixed . 
 it did not hurt and she felt neither cold nor heat . 
 ` the bracelet , ' she said to herself . 
 ` i put it on and touched the orb . 
 and then it tried to pull me in . 
 failing that i fell down here . ' 
 she looked up . 
 ` you looked into me , did n't you ? 
 you saw the darkness and the light . 
 and i saw your evil . 
 i do n't want it ! ' 
 silence . 
 all she had ever wanted was to experience life outside of her home on titan . 
 it had seemed such a cage , but now all she wanted to do was be back there , to sit with her uncle and her sister . 
 she cried at the thought of gílana , alone and frightened , with that old man doing things she did not want to imagine . 
 ` i will get you back , sis . 
 i 'm coming for you . ' 
 she wiped away her tears and held herself firm ; she had to focus . 
 losing hope would not help to get her sister back . 
 it was best that she was angry and determined than afraid and distracted . 
 that 's what her uncle had taught her . 
 she knew what he would tell her to do right now were he here . 
 ferranti and justus were still out there . 
 she had to get to them . 
 gílana needed her . 
 without delay she removed the rest of the life-suit and stood back in her titanese overalls . 
 looking around and listening as hard as she could , she could make out voices and hisses calling out all around , some distant , others close , and so she moved off through the pitch-black tunnels . 
 she could see her way through the dark , but had no idea how . 
 after what felt like hours , having moved through a series of small tunnels leading steadily higher , she turned a corner and continued through into a larger chamber . 
 unable to make herself stop even for a second , she entered another . 
 eventually she looked out over a wide chasm , and a hand seized her ankle . 
 a figure looked up from the ground , gasping for breath , and clad in a yellow space suit . 
 ` naffan ! ' 
 she said . 
 ` commander naffan , you 're alive ! 
 can you move ? ' 
 ` no , ' he said , struggling to breathe . 
 ` please do n't leave me . ' 
 ` i wo n't . 
 i wo n't . ' 
 ` stay ... with me . ' 
 anna looked around . 
 shapes she had not noticed now moved everywhere . 
 ` naffan , i -- ' ` please . ' 
 through the helmet she could see his eyes begging . 
 she could n't leave him now , and so took his hand and knelt down . 
 ` i 'm sorry this has happened to us ... to you . 
 i told you we 'd be okay , but i was wrong . 
 i 'm ... i 'm sorry . ' 
 another sound nearby . 
 rocks shifted . 
 movement in the shadows . 
 ` something 's here . 
 we should move . 
 come on , naffan , i 'll help you up . ' 
 more shadows crawled across the room . 
 she turned back to the elderly man . 
 ` naffan ? 
 commander naffan ? ' 
 a tear rolled down her cheek . 
 he was already gone , his eyes closed , his old face pale yet peaceful . 
 anna stood gradually , wiping her eyes , and stopped . 
 even as she looked , an arm reached around the closest corner . 
 it was dark , long , and thin . 
 black-boned , the horned demon appeared in her path . 
 she did not attempt to run , but remained still , forcing herself to breathe in short gasps . 
 the beast moved forward on all fours , close to the ground . 
 razor-sharp teeth draped over the corners of its severe snout . 
 it crept closer , silently watching her through eyes concealed within folds of dark skin . 
 it reached her , and stood to full height , towering over her . 
 trembling , she closed her eyes . 
 chapter eighty the blonde girl stirred . 
 eyes moved beneath her eyelids . 
 she remained still , not yet conscious . 
 araman looked down at her . 
 i 'm going to save you . 
 i 'm going to save you all . 
 xerin kramer moved from where he sat upon the ground , and leaving ketrass on her knees found his feet . 
 ` stay there , ' araman said , stepping forward , angling the blaster . 
 ` how long are you planning on playing this game , boy ? ' 
 ` until i get what i want . ' 
 ` pray tell me . ' 
 he looked to avéne . 
 ` i know what it is you 're planning on doing . ' 
 ` i very much doubt that , alwar . ' 
 ` either everyone leaves or no one does . ' 
 ` okay . ' 
 kramer smiled . 
 ` no one does . ' 
 ketrass followed the professor and stood , a frown sweeping across her facial muscles . 
 ` i 've had enough of this , ' she said . 
 ` you want the soldiers up here , do n't you ? ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` you 're creating a distraction so you can get justus out of erebus . ' 
 kramer watched the daggers they aimed at each other , a look of delight on his face , and said , ` very clever , avéne . 
 pointless as it is to try . 
 how is he attempting to do it ? ' 
 ` they 're on their way through the black labyrinth at this very moment , ' she said . 
 ` avéne , no , ' araman said . 
 ` are you sure that 's the right thing to do ? ' 
 the professor asked . 
 ` it was the only way -- ' ` no , i mean are you sure saving the captain is the right thing to do ? ' 
 araman leaned forward . 
 ` what the hell are you talking about ? 
 of course it is , you callous man . ' 
 ` harsh words , ' kramer said . 
 ` then again , you do n't know what i know . ' 
 ` which is what ? ' 
 kramer stood slowly and walked to the window overlooking the planet below . 
 araman kept the blaster pointed at him . 
 ` there is a greater danger here that i did n't tell you before , that i have n't told anyone . 
 only lesper and i knew about the design , about the trap . ' 
 the two listened intently . 
 what was it he knew ? 
 ` there is a man out there not of our time , ' kramer said . 
 ` you have heard the old tales of the legendary iástron race ? ' 
 ` yes , ' araman said . 
 ` and have you heard the tales they tell of the iástrons ' powerful leader , peter marx ? ' 
 ketrass nodded . 
 ` most people have , even if they do n't know the name . ' 
 kramer smiled . 
 ` well , i have something to tell you both . 
 peter marx , it would seem , has been on this station with us for some time . ' 
 araman leaned forwards , lowering the blaster . 
 ` when the iástron society of the four systems failed -- a long time ago now -- peter marx , along with the majority of his people , disappeared . 
 very few have been seen since . 
 he who believes them to be truly gone is a fool . 
 one man has been hunting them : my córonat , our master , has spent his life in pursuit of peter marx . 
 a few short weeks ago , lesper found him . 
 ` he is not human and can not die like the rest of us . 
 he is dangerous and intends on destroying our entire operation . 
 so far he has succeeded in infecting lesper , releasing the imprisoned beasts , and setting them loose . 
 how and for what purpose i can only guess , but we have information on him dating back centuries . 
 he has followers on this station that are helping him , even now . ' 
 ketrass edged alongside him . 
 ` professor , what are you saying ? ' 
 ` i am saying , my dear , that our new captain , antal justus , can not die . 
 he can not be killed and will not succumb to old age . 
 his real name is peter marx , and lesper and i , on instruction from our master , lured him into coming here . 
 araman , our quiet little friend , has been fooled too . ' 
 ` no , ' he said . 
 ` what are you going to do ? ' 
 kramer looked ketrass dead in the eye . 
 ` peter has been under our scrutiny since he first arrived . 
 every middle-ranking soldier was briefed on him , observed and watched him . 
 we tested peter 's reliability by sending him under the watchful eyes of his soldiers to the outpost aurora , after which i sought evidence of his loyalty , ordering him to send the prisoners down into the station . 
 alas , he failed , and will now remain trapped , down among the catacombs , forever . ' 
 ` what about me ? ' 
 ` you will come with me , avéne . 
 you are quite safe . ' 
 ` and araman ? ' 
 ` araman alwar , ' he said , ` i am going to kill . ' 
 araman raised his head , looked at kramer , saw the pistol in his hand . 
 kramer pulled the trigger . 
 at once he felt the furious , knife-like blow tear through his shoulder . 
 his head spun . 
 multicoloured rays of light filled his vision . 
 a blinding heat flushed through his face as he fell from the chair and onto his back . 
 chapter eighty-one a deep roar sounded among the caverns . 
 justus opened his eyes and stared into a mass of black . 
 another roar was quickly answered by a spine-chilling hiss . 
 he reached out with both hands , grasping for something with which to pull himself up . 
 the deep thudding which at first he thought to be grating the inside of his head began to pulse through the ground beneath him . 
 realising he was spread out on his back , he forced himself to sit . 
 the still form of diego ferranti lounged nearby . 
 the torch lay discarded between them , its beam burning faintly at the far wall . 
 ` ferranti ? ' 
 no reply . 
 ` ferranti , can you hear me ? ' 
 a dull hum entered his helmet . 
 there was still a connection . 
 he leaned over and shoved him . 
 ` ferranti ! ' 
 ` uhh ... huh ? 
 what ? ' 
 ` you scared the hell out of me ! ' 
 he grunted . 
 ` whatever . 
 what -- ' a roar shook them where they sat . 
 ` what the hell was that ?! ' 
 a shiver flew down justus ' spine . 
 ` where 's it coming from ? ' 
 ferranti whispered . 
 ` i ... err ... i do n't know . ' 
 ferranti stood , picked up the torch . 
 ` let 's get the hell out of this tunnel . ' 
 they looked up and simultaneously grasped their miraculous stroke of luck , having tumbled down a steep hollow , suits somehow undamaged . 
 both stumbled along again , down through a narrow breach . 
 after the run-in with the beastly battalion , the two meandered slowly lower , and eventually found themselves lost . 
 both were close to giving up . 
 their life-suits were all set to concede defeat . 
 they had only just come to a halt , exhausted , when another cavernous snarl echoed towards them ; it was impossible to tell from which direction it had ricocheted . 
 but to both of them it was clear : whatever it was was certainly larger than a beast . 
 rushing on down a small channel they snaked around spiked barbs jutting out from the dense walls and doing their upmost to impale them , before emerging in another tunnel , almost as large as the central chamber in which they had lost anna . 
 justus stared straight ahead . 
 something moved in the distance . 
 the ground beneath them shook once more in rapid thumps . 
 the trembling grew greater , faster , and more powerful . 
 then they heard the roar once more : a sound which made the hissing of the beasts more akin to a serene melody . 
 the two men looked to each other in dread , and made ready to run ; but as they turned they found that they would have stood , were there any light , in the shadow of a creature unimaginable . 
 it gazed down at them with two burning eyes and seemed to sneer through jagged , unevenly-bladed teeth , set into a titanic jaw . 
 its saliva oozed , almost seeping upon them as it leaned forward on two powerful hind legs , its short , thin arms reaching no lower than its ribcage . 
 the rumbling at their feet grew greater as the creature behind seemed to gain speed . 
 the coilbolt in justus ' hand could n't possibly do the monster any harm . 
 ` on the count of three , ' he said , ` we go right . ' 
 ` uh-uh , ' came a whimper . 
 ` one ! ' 
 he waved the coil up high . 
 ` two ! ' 
 the colossal creature snapped its head towards the bright red light -- ` three ! ' 
 justus launched the coil far to his left while the two captains shot towards a narrow tunnel in the opposite direction . 
 but it seemed , though speed was on their side , luck , as it would have it , was not . 
 they charged into the dark tunnel leading from the chamber -- or at least what they thought was a tunnel . 
 reaching no more than a metre or two within , they gazed in horror at the dark dead end now facing them . 
 ferranti shone the light about uncontrollably , attempting to uncover a small crevice leading out . 
 but there was nothing , only thick , black stone trapping them in all directions but one . 
 as justus spun and ferranti shone the light back into the chamber leading out they both vaulted back . 
 a horrifying face moved within . 
 its huge , thick flexing tongue grabbed and searched ; the roaring echoing around them threatened to burst their ear-drums . 
 justus regretted throwing his weapon away and he prayed that , were anna alive , she had n't been found by one of these things . 
 ` what do we do ? ' 
 ferranti cried , fast losing control . 
 ` stay calm . 
 think ! ' 
 the monster 's jaws reached their limit , while its tongue stretched out , scalpel-like barbs extended from within , now mere inches from justus , who pushed himself up against the far wall . 
 closing his eyes he struggled to focus his breathing . 
 he pictured somewhere happy , somewhere , anywhere but this nightmare . 
 he sat at the helm of the flux , his hands about the controls . 
 dimal , noah , raj , and shree all smiling at his side -- ` justus ! ' 
 his eyes shot open as ferranti struck headlong into the creature 's jaws , assailing the black tongue with the swiss-knife , and a roar filled their ears . 
 the enormous head shot up , breaking the low roof of the cave and forcing down a mass of rock on top of them . 
 justus coiled himself into a ball and waited for the noise of collapsing rock and chilling roars to abate , before jumping up and searching desperately for ferranti amongst the rubble . 
 he sighed as he found the captain still alive . 
 he checked both suits for signs of damage , and his face burned when he found a tear in his own , around the right elbow . 
 he held his arm over the split and attempted to move , knee deep in slabs of black rock . 
 ` ferranti , you hear me ?! ' 
 ferranti , also knee deep , having been driven up into the wall , made no reply . 
 justus saw the swiss-knife-and-torch still in the other 's hand ; with his aching left arm covering his right elbow he reached across with his right arm and lifted the light from ferranti 's grasp to find it had extended into a somewhat sizeable blade . 
 hardly able to move , he pushed the dagger back in and aimed the light at the tunnel entrance . 
 the creature had disappeared . 
 instead , stood still in the opening of the tunnel , was -- ` anna ? ' 
 a figure moved forwards . 
 ` anna , is that you ? ' 
 whatever it was wore no life-suit . 
 ` antal ? ' 
 came the reply . 
 he almost burst into tears . 
 ` i 'm here ! 
 ferranti and i , we 're here ! ' 
 anna bounded forwards and began shifting the larger rocks to make a path in which they could move . 
 with her help , he and ferranti scrambled from inside the opening ; but upon leaving he fell to the ground as the sight before him almost stopped his heart there and then . 
 the two monstrous creatures stared down at him , their emaciated chests heaving under might , weight , and bone . 
 and all around , like stones surrounded by boulders on a mountainside , the beasts waited , eagerly . 
 their horns rocked from side to side , watching , waiting . 
 ` it 's okay , ' anna said , almost calmly . 
 her eyes were focused , stern . 
 ` they wo n't hurt you ... i think . ' 
 ` how do you know ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` how are you breathing ? 
 can we all -- ' anna shook her head and presented her arm , upon which seethed a band of black ; it glowed as though it had been dyed or burned into her skin . 
 ` something happened up there , when i put this on , ' she said . 
 ` you touched the orb , ' he said . 
 ` i heard that word . 
 gilaxiad . 
 what happened ? ' 
 she looked away down the tunnel , teeming with motionless , gazing beasts . 
 ` i 'm not sure . 
 but it 's all connected . 
 it has to be . 
 my presence is stopping these things for now , but i do n't know how long that 'll last . ' 
 she looked him in the eye , before holding out his advanced coil . 
 ` do n't lose this . 
 something tells me you 're going to need it . ' 
 she tapped ferranti 's helmet and he began to stir . 
 he gazed up at the beasts and the creatures close by . 
 anna held a finger to her lips and smiled . 
 she seemed different somehow , like she was n't scared . 
 how could she not be scared ? 
 ` we 're lost , ' ferranti whispered . 
 ` we have no idea where we are . ' 
 ` i do , ' she said . 
 ` you can follow me . ' 
 justus looked down to his torn suit and motioned for her to help him . 
 inside the pocket of each was a minor patch-up kit , enough to mend the split at least . 
 she took it out and began securing his suit , while ferranti remained rooted to the spot . 
 ` how did you survive ? ' 
 justus asked her . 
 ` you fell so far . ' 
 ` the bracelet , ' she said . 
 ` it did something , like it wanted me . 
 i ... ' she breathed in and out slowly , and shook her head as though remedying some internal thought . 
 ` i found commander naffan . 
 he 's gone . 
 but after that , one of them found me . ' 
 she affixed the second layer of adhesive substance to his arm and wrapped a tight binding around it . 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 ` it moved towards me , slowly , on all fours ... and then stood above me . 
 one of its fingers ... ' she shook her head again ` ... touched me and stroked my face . 
 i whimpered and whispered , `` please , stop it . '' 
 but it did n't . 
 `` please ... stop , '' i said . 
 and then it stopped , and backed away , and turned towards the wall . ' 
 ` it obeyed you ? ' 
 ` i told it to leave . 
 the thing seemed to bow , and then left me alone . ' 
 she went to continue , but seemed to think better of it . 
 there was something else , something she was holding back , but they needed to move , so he did n't push it . 
 she moved to help ferranti to his feet . 
 ` we go . 
 now . ' 
 and she started off , leading the way ; justus followed second , and ferranti hobbled after holding the swiss-torch . 
 they weaved their way through the beasts , trembling at the sight of the creatures , waiting for them to strike , to tear them limb from limb . 
 ` they 're watching us , ' justus said . 
 ` do n't stare back , ' she told them . 
 ` do they even have eyes ? ' 
 ` it does n't matter . 
 they can see us somehow . ' 
 ` how do you know this ? ' 
 ferranti asked . 
 ` shhh , ' she replied with an unsettling air of composure . 
 ` something here is very wrong , anna . ' 
 ` are n't you cold ? ' 
 justus whispered . 
 ` i do n't feel cold or warm , ' she said . 
 ` it 's the bracelet . 
 it 's done something to me ... like it 's keeping me alive . ' 
 when they reached the end of the hordes of beasts -- they must have passed thousands , he had no doubt -- the many creatures began to follow . 
 justus felt like they should be running , but anna would n't let them . 
 the demons followed slowly on all fours , crawling and watching , but never hissing . 
 after a while ferranti stepped ahead and took her arm . 
 ` anna , tell me what 's going on . 
 how do you know where you 're going ? 
 we could be going in circles -- ' ` we 're not . ' 
 ` how do you know ?! ' 
 ` ferranti , ' she said . 
 ` you told me that people say ultimatt power gives engines life . ' 
 ` yes , but that 's a theory among scores . 
 so what ? ' 
 ` well , that 's what it felt like in the chamber . 
 diego , that orb called to me . 
 when i put the bracelet on i felt connected to it , and touching the orb it ... it somehow felt -- ' ` alive ? ' 
 justus said . 
 ` alive . 
 yes , exactly . ' 
 ` you mean this place , ' he said , staring around , ` this place ... it 's ... living ? ' 
 ` no , ' anna said . 
 ` not the rock . 
 the power source at its centre . 
 just like on our vessels . 
 i think this whole place is a vessel ... a ship ... a -- ' ` interstellar spacecraft transport , ' ferranti finished . 
 anna smiled fearfully , nodded . 
 justus gulped . 
 ` a vessel you just fired up . ' 
 chapter eighty-two the three moved faster now , aware that time was short . 
 according to the life suits over ninety minutes had passed since they first put them on . 
 oxygen levels were low , their energy was dwindling , and the beasts continued to follow behind . 
 but anna knew where she was going . 
 she could see , hear , and feel all of erebus . 
 so many hidden paths and darkened tunnels she wished she could have seen . 
 after a short while , however , relief filled all of their beings as the first sign of humanity confirmed her ability ; and the same scene as that on the other side of the station lay before them : the ground was littered with torn metal . 
 sheets of reinforced steel were piled before them , and the three clambered through . 
 the last hatch was still open . 
 one of the beasts must have been through recently , before the timer had run out and sealed it shut . 
 ` i 'll go first , ' ferranti said , glancing behind ; the beasts crept slowly along . 
 anna followed second , and as she did justus hissed , ` anna , stop ! ' 
 they halted in the muted light of the room and anna turned . 
 the metal hatch leading from the black labyrinth stood open behind them , the beasts watching from the shadows . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 ` you 're ... you 're shivering . ' 
 anna raised her hand . 
 he was right . 
 she was trembling . 
 without warning her body went into spasm . 
 the severe cold grasped and her vision diminished . 
 ` the bracelet ! ' 
 she cried . 
 ` we 've left the labyrinth . 
 i ca n't -- ' she fell to her knees , gasped for breath . 
 the concealed creatures hissed threateningly . 
 ` help me ! ' 
 justus shouted to ferranti and together they slammed the huge door closed . 
 at once the demons on the other side pummelled the hatch , crying aloud and breaking in . 
 ferranti left anna lay on the ground and raced over among the control panels . 
 justus remained at her side . 
 ` hold on , anna . 
 try and breathe ! 
 ferranti , what are you doing ? ' 
 ferranti pressed and pulled a number of switches and levers , cursed loudly , and then moved to another panel . 
 ` help her ! ' 
 ` one problem at a time ! ' 
 he said , flicking a further series of switches , reading the information on the screen . 
 ` i recognise this system ! ' 
 ` come on ! ' 
 ` one moment ! ' 
 he jumped up and a great cloud of gas poured into the room from above . 
 ` backup oxygen , ' he said with a smile . 
 anna took enormous gasps of air , filling her lungs completely and leaning her head on justus ' strong shoulder ; his arm stretched around her . 
 the pounding on the hatch continued . 
 the two captains raced to remove their cumbersome life-suits . 
 but they turned and gasped as a loud hissing filled the room . 
 the rim of the hatch broke , disturbing the seal and what oxygen they had began to escape through the breach . 
 ` this way ! ' 
 cried an unfamiliar voice unexpectedly . 
 ` i said this way , d ... damn it ! ' 
 a man stood behind them , torch in hand . 
 ` riess ! ' 
 justus exclaimed . 
 ` ha ! 
 if there was one man i had n't expected ! ' 
 no time for introductions , ferranti again took anna 's hand and they all charged from section six as the hatch behind gave way . 
 justus and riess slammed the next hatch shut . 
 a pounding shook it on its hinges . 
 ` what is this ? 
 justus asked . 
 ` lesper 's escape tunnel . 
 kramer 's been looking for it . 
 i found it first . ' 
 riess led them quickly higher , up through the station . 
 the beasts would be following close behind . 
 ` hurry , ' he urged . 
 ` they 're ready to leave at any moment ! ' 
 ` where 's araman ? ' 
 ` they have him , captain . 
 he tried to hold them up , to give you time and rescue the pregnant girl . ' 
 ` pregnant ! ' 
 anna gasped . 
 riess looked to her . 
 ` yes , pregnant . 
 the doctors were s ... speaking of it . 
 i do n't think anybody knows . 
 she 's your sister ? ' 
 ` yes ! ' 
 ` did n't you know ? ' 
 in those few second everything at last made sense : her sickness , her sadness , and jon . 
 his last word was her name . 
 did he know ? 
 was he the father ? 
 ` no , ' she replied . 
 ` i did n't know . 
 i thought she was sick , after travelling on board the stellarstream for the first time and without medical attention . ' 
 ` you should have told me she was unwell , ' ferranti said . 
 ` stop ! ' 
 justus hissed as they reached the end of the narrow tunnel , turning at once to riess . 
 ` did you close this door behind you ? ' 
 ` ye ... yes , captain . ' 
 ` and did anybody know you were coming down here ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 ` did anybody see you come down here ? ' 
 ` n ... no . 
 why ? ' 
 justus took out his coil and pushed its jagged tip against the door , which creaked open noisily . 
 an empty corridor , steeped with a dim red light , peered through . 
 justus guided them out and along the passage , where they moved down in single file until they came upon a ladder-well . 
 justus clambered up first and then turned backed for anna . 
 as soon as she had clambered up , however , he ignited his coil and charged unswervingly down the corridor and into a nearby room . 
 she went to follow , but froze as a hiss rang out behind them . 
 too close . 
 ferranti and private riess scrambled up and slammed the top of the hatch closed . 
 ` it 'll only do to s ... slow them down . 
 they 'll catch up eventually . ' 
 ferranti picked up his firearm again . 
 ` where 's he gone , anna ? 
 justus ! ' 
 ` i 'm here ! ' 
 he called back , returning from the nearby room . 
 ` let 's hurry . ' 
 ` what was in that room ? ' 
 she asked him . 
 ` answers , ' was all he said . 
 it took only a minute to reach the foot of another ladder-well . 
 the four moved quietly , justus climbing first , moving slowly up the iron rails . 
 then he stopped . 
 blasters triggered . 
 justus raised his coil . 
 red light , screams , and a loud crack and booom filled the room above . 
 justus forced his way up and the others followed to find the three armed men that had been waiting for them lay upon the ground , smoke rising from their still forms . 
 again ferranti and riess closed the ladder hatch at its cap and followed anna and justus back through the mess hall into which the prisoners had been brought not two hours prior . 
 the last place anna had seen her sister . 
 ` they know , ' said riess , shivering in the bitter chill . 
 ` yeah , ' justus agreed . 
 ` they know . ' 
 ` whatever happens , ' ferranti whispered , taking anna 's arm , ` stay behind me . ' 
 nobody else confronted them on their way through to the dock . 
 anna prayed it was n't because they had already left without them . 
 shivers crept along her back . 
 she had not imagined what they would do if they made it from the labyrinth . 
 the four were alone , and she prayed gílana was safe . 
 as they entered the central platform , coil and guns primed , a line of armed men stood between them and the droning ship . 
 before the soldiers stood kramer , motionless and cold ; and on the ground before him knelt a young blond man . 
 it was araman . 
 the professor forced a pistol into his head . 
 a whimpering crowd was gathered to one side , most upon their knees , while some edged toward the ship as though they expected it to leave without them . 
 anna saw no sign of gílana . 
 justus held up his hand , stood at the front of the four , and stepped forward . 
 ` stay back , iástron ! ' 
 kramer cried . 
 justus edged forward again , the others following slowly . 
 ` i do n't know what you 're talking about ! ' 
 he said . 
 ` that does n't matter to me ! ' 
 anna frowned . 
 ` did he say iástron ? ' 
 riess moved alongside justus . 
 ` listen , sir -- ' ` traitor ! ' 
 cried the professor , and he raised his pistol , pointing it at riess . 
 the private fell to the floor , a bullet hole in his forehead . 
 several of the crowd screamed . 
 the soldiers nearby remained still . 
 justus pointed his flickering coil at kramer , but looked to the soldiers and the terrified crowd . 
 ` this is the man you 've decided to follow ? 
 a fool who would sooner kill everyone around him and stand there alone than give his life for anything or anyone that matters ?! ' 
 ` you do n't know what you 're talking about ! ' 
 cried a woman from atop the ship 's ramp . 
 ` you do n't know what we 're dealing with ! ' 
 ` avéne , ' he said , ` not you ... ' kramer smiled , raised the pistol once more . 
 anna shuddered . 
 ` antal ! ' 
 a bullet cut through the air and pierced justus in the heart . 
 he fell back , dropped the coil , the back of his head cracked upon the ground . 
 ` no ! ' 
 anna cried . 
 ` no , no , no ! ' 
 and she was not alone . 
 as the larger and bolder of the whimpering crowd now collided with the soldiers , some of the black-clad guards bounded in their direction . 
 they took hold of anna and ferranti , dragging them away . 
 but araman clambered to his feet , raced for justus , and pulled him up , gripping his body and holding up his head . 
 he raised his hand , blood filling his palm . 
 ` you fool ! ' 
 he screamed . 
 kramer stepped above them . 
 ` this thing is dangerous . 
 he is a iástron . ' 
 ` no , he is not ! ' 
 ` i explained this , boy . 
 he is peter marx ! ' 
 ` i am peter marx ! ' 
 araman cried , his voice splintering as he said it . 
 ` i am peter marx , you small-minded , cruel thing ! ' 
 he stood slowly , and though he was shorter than the professor , in that moment he appeared twice as tall and a thousand times as mighty . 
 silence filled the dock in the wake of his words , bar the steady whirr of the ship 's engine . 
 ` you lie ! ' 
 kramer cried . 
 ` a secret . 
 not a lie . ' 
 kramer 's eye dimmed and he stepped closer to araman , who did not flinch as the professor leaned in . 
 ` so many secrets , ' he said , reaching up and adjusting his face covering , removing the black metal layer to reveal a black eye . 
 or , rather , a black sclera surrounding a deep , red iris . 
 ` so many lies ! ' 
 ` you 're crilshan , ' anna said . 
 both eyes flickered irregularly towards her . 
 ` half crilshan . ' 
 ` half an abomination is still an abomination , ' ferranti grumbled . 
 kramer 's attention did not move from araman . 
 ` you have been upon this station almost as long as i have , alwar . 
 i am old , but not so dull-witted yet as to overlook such a deception . 
 you are lying . 
 you are not peter marx . ' 
 ` yes , i am , ' he said , all but relived . 
 ` i almost forgot it myself . 
 i very nearly wished to . 
 this place -- ' ` you 're lying ! 
 you 're trying to protect peter marx . ' 
 kramer pointed at justus ' body . 
 ` shoot the captain again ! ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 anna leapt before the soldiers , fighting to keep them away . 
 justus ' body was still . 
 ` it 's not antal , ' araman said . 
 ` i am peter marx . ' 
 he reached for the fallen coilbolt , but the soldier beside him clenched the back of his neck and forced him to the ground , slamming the bottom of his boot into his face . 
 thud ! 
 araman cried out in agony . 
 anna and ferranti , though weak and exhausted , attempted to fight their way through . 
 soldiers blocked their way . 
 ` if you want to come with us , ' kramer shouted to the group , ` you will prove your loyalty ! 
 make araman alwar talk ! ' 
 a few of the group rushed forward at once and joined the soldier , kicked araman in the stomach forcefully several times as he coughed and spluttered . 
 two more soldiers , hulking and black-armoured , moved forward , removing their gloves . 
 the men lifted the bloodied man from the ground while a third and fourth laid into him . 
 more of his screams filled the hangar . 
 those in the beaten crowd looked away . 
 women sobbed . 
 ` do what you have to do to get the truth from him , ' kramer said , fixing the metal plate back across face , covering the dark eye again . 
 ` if you ca n't , then punish him . ' 
 the beating continued . 
 anna watched desperately and shouted , ` stop ! 
 stop it ! ' 
 but everything moved slow and silent . 
 ferranti hit one of the guards and fought his way through , only to fall to the ground , stunned by the nearest coil . 
 ` stop ! ' 
 kramer smiled , eyes dimmed , at the suffering taking place in front of him . 
 araman had helped them through erebus . 
 he had done all he could to help her little sister . 
 anna could n't stand here and watch him beaten to death . 
 she struggled hard ; with dwindling energy she grappled with the men holding her . 
 the men stopped beating araman and stepped back , knuckles worn and bloodied . 
 their victim lay curled up on the ground . 
 everybody on all sides stood stunned . 
 ` i have a question , ' kramer said , kneeling down to the man . 
 ` why are you hurt ? 
 why are n't you healing ? ' 
 araman breathed deeply , and looked up . 
 ` the captain is dead . 
 he is not the iástron . 
 were you actually peter marx , you would be healing by now , would you not ? ' 
 one of araman 's eyes was swollen , his face was red with blood , and he clutched his shoulder tightly . 
 slowly , and with great distress , he stood . 
 ` i am ... peter marx . ' 
 ` then where is your power ?! ' 
 kramer motioned and the three men , instead of moving forwards to continue the thrashing , took out their coilbolts . 
 ` no ! ' 
 anna screamed . 
 ` quiet ! ' 
 kramer stared at her fiercely . 
 ` i ... am in control ! ' 
 he looked to his men . 
 ` do it . ' 
 a blast of red electricity surged from one of the weapons and struck araman in his right side . 
 anna stood watching , tears in her eyes , as he was knocked back , his burnt flesh visible through singed cloth . 
 but somehow he remained standing . 
 he took another burst of energy . 
 another followed . 
 and then a fourth . 
 people stood around cried , ` stop ! 
 that 's enough ! ' 
 even the line of soldiers looked to each other uncertainly . 
 the attacks halted . 
 the young man coughed , blood trickling down his jaw , and said , ` i am peter -- ' all three strikes of the coils collided , just missing him , and the resulting explosion caused an outbreak of flame and smoke . 
 as the dust cleared everyone took a slow step forward . 
 araman 's body lay sprawled upon the ground . 
 ferranti looked up from where he had been thrown . 
 anna clutched her head , pulling at her hair . 
 ` i regret it had to end this way , ' kramer said savagely , and he turned his back on the body . 
 ` wait ! ' 
 ketrass said , clutching the ship 's edge in her own fit of grief . 
 they turned to see araman slowly stand , half alive . 
 he looked across to anna and ferranti and the motionless body of antal justus , then nodded once , weakly . 
 ` had enough ? ' 
 kramer asked , confusion and anger evident in his voice . 
 ` tell me the truth , boy . 
 you 're not peter marx . 
 tell me , who is ? ' 
 the beaten and bloodied young man , whose clothes smoked and scorched from the numerous attacks , said nothing and swayed on the spot . 
 the three soldiers took hold of him , and kramer stepped slowly forward , drawing out a small , razor-sharp knife . 
 ` now we 'll see how immortal you are . ' 
 he moved up close , looked him in the eye , and smiled . 
 the knife was brought up to araman 's neck , touched his skin . 
 kramer sliced . 
 a trail of ruby red was left in the wake of cold steel . 
 his head dropped back , eyes gazing up through the ceiling , and the soldiers let go , backing away . 
 his body slumped to the floor . 
 anna 's heart fell into her stomach . 
 he was dead . 
 justus and araman . 
 both dead . 
 a distant hiss broke the silence , filling the hangar . 
 they all backed up in a panic . 
 kramer ran to the ship , now ready to depart . 
 several soldiers ran ahead onboard . 
 the face of avéne ketrass was just as shocked as everyone else 's , and she was pulled onto the ship , hesitating and uncertain . 
 the soldiers holding anna and ferranti let go and backed up towards the spacecraft , their weapons trained on them still . 
 ferranti edged closer , wary of the coils and rifles aimed at him . 
 do n't go . 
 you ca n't go . 
 anna looked at the lifeless bodies of araman and justus on the floor , and across at kramer , who wiped the blood from the knife onto his dark lab coat , which he then took off and flung to the ground . 
 another hiss rang through the dock . 
 the beasts were coming . 
 time was up . 
 ` where 's my sister ? ' 
 anna shouted at kramer . 
 ` your sister is safe . 
 she is coming with me . ' 
 ` you 're not taking her ! ' 
 kramer stopped , eyeing her wickedly . 
 ` oh , i think i am . ' 
 ` no , you 're not ! ' 
 ` do you think this is a story , little girl ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` where the heroine overcomes the nasty villain despite insuperable odds , all through her courage and determination ? 
 i admire your fight and your strength , and i do n't know how you survived the labyrinth , but i am not evil . 
 and you have no idea what is really happening here . ' 
 ` i know that you have my sister on that ship ... and i know that you 're going to give her back to me ! ' 
 kramer smirked , and glanced quickly at the corridor they had entered from . 
 ` i 'll tell you what , little girl . 
 because i 'm not completely inhumane , i 'll offer to you the choice : you may come with us now , come with us and be with your sister and live . 
 or stay here and die with the rest of them . ' 
 the survivors edged forwards , whimpering , wary of the approaching danger . 
 but the armed soldiers kept them back . 
 anna looked to ferranti . 
 in his dirty , sweating face she could see only desperation and fear . 
 but she knew what she had to do . 
 she had been through too much to be left on this hellish rock to die as her little sister was taken away forever . 
 ` go , ' ferranti said . 
 ` get out of here . 
 you have to . ' 
 he nodded . 
 ` go ! ' 
 anna gazed across at antal justus ' still body , and then to araman . 
 they had defended each other , given their lives for one another . 
 could anything kramer had said be true ? 
 the professor reached out and took her hand , and she stepped slowly forwards , moving up the ramp and into the craft . 
 kramer smiled as she boarded with him . 
 but as she entered , a sharp pain filled her neck and she fell forwards , leaving erebus and everyone she cared for behind . 
 chapter eighty-three the air howled and the ground roared like thunder beneath diego ferranti 's knees , as though everything beneath was falling away , while a booming call rose up above ; the wind blew down and around the survivors -- they who would survive no more . 
 the craft disappeared up through the triangular crown . 
 then rose the bedlam . 
 men and women charged around , turmoil filling their fearful cries . 
 they stormed their separate ways , but the elevator upon the far side was blocked , and from the other end now came the ominous wails of their demise . 
 ferranti turned and crawled towards justus ' still body , and there he sat still and watched . 
 justus gazed up at him with empty eyes ... wait ! 
 strong eyes . 
 glistening eyes . 
 ` antal ? ' 
 ` yeaaah ? ' 
 how ... ? 
 ` my head , ' justus moaned , sitting up and reaching behind . 
 the hissing nearby grew louder as the beasts approached , but justus looked about , laughing . 
 ferranti laughed with him ; and with tears falling down his face he swept his hair from in front of his eyes and sat beside him . 
 at the end . 
 ` kramer shot you , ' he said . 
 ` how did you ... ' justus poked and prodded his chest , bewildered , and then reached inside his jacket to reveal a silver-cased book . 
 a bullet blackened the front . 
 ` you lucky son-of-a-bitch ! 
 where did you get that ? ' 
 ` i took it from lesper 's office back there . ' 
 he looked at the people screaming , collapsing , attempting to get through any door they could . 
 all were locked . 
 ` we 're trapped , ' he said . 
 ` where are they all ? 
 where 's anna , and ... ' he looked across at the battered , bloodied body of araman , and his breathing quickened . 
 he held his head in his hands . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' ferranti said . 
 ` kramer cut his throat . 
 the boy said his name was peter marx . 
 i know that name . 
 the leader of the old iástrons . 
 but that 's impossible . ' 
 ferranti watched as justus looked to the triangular crown high above , took three deep breaths , and then gazed down at his left wrist . 
 ` i think i know the reason . 
 i ... i think it 's me . ' 
 ` you think what is you ? ' 
 justus turned to him -- hissing resonated along the hangar platform . 
 startling screams of terror from the horrified survivors . 
 the captains turned to each other . 
 justus reached for his fallen coil . 
 ferranti lifted riess ' rifle and turned to see a multitude of black creatures pour through behind them . 
 without thinking they both fired with all the focus and strength they could muster , slicing through the middle of the charge . 
 but it did n't work . 
 hope was spent . 
 ferranti backed up , focusing his fire on an approaching beast . 
 it fell to its knees , jaws snapping . 
 justus kicked it in the snout and pushed ferranti back . 
 another came forward . 
 he grasped araman 's body and pulled it with him . 
 the two reached a halt , their backs against the wall . 
 ` watch out ! ' 
 justus yelled as a mound of metal rained down from above . 
 the beast lunging for them was crushed by the falling debris . 
 justus fired a vein of light again and again at another which tore at them . 
 ferranti looked up , and his jaw dropped as he witnessed a familiar spacecraft hurtling , momentously unforeseen , through the crown of the station , descending recklessly fast and triggering a torrential stream of wrenching air which pulled them from their feet . 
 they both reached for the metal bars extending from the walls nearby ; justus grappled for araman 's arm and clung to it with all the force he could summon . 
 black beasts and unfortunate men and women were pulled up and out into the blank vacuity of space . 
 in seconds ferranti 's grip had loosened and he was on the verge of losing out to the void when the craft that had smashed into the dock punched through the hangar and crashed down nearby . 
 the craft 's side compartment opened and a welcome face greeted him . 
 ` take my arm ! ' 
 cried lieutenant mica avila above the hissing tumult . 
 ferranti did n't need telling twice . 
 reaching across he found avila 's hand and she pulled him into the stellarstream 's shuttle-carrier . 
 he picked himself up at once and cried to justus , ` throw him ! ' 
 araman 's limp , blood-spattered corpse made it into the craft , followed quickly by justus himself . 
 he kicked out at a creature bounding towards them . 
 it did not make it in . 
 ` up ! ' 
 avila cried and erebus ' dock disappeared as the pilot fired the engines , propelling them up and back out to space once more . 
 the two captains collapsed to the ground , clutching their chests . 
 ferranti had never imagined they 'd make it out , and only by the skin of their necks had they just done so . 
 ` you ... survived ... aurora ? ' 
 he said , gasping for air . 
 avila touched his head wound lightly with a towel and replied , ` scarcely . 
 if it was n't for him . ' 
 she motioned to the man sat in the co-pilot 's seat , now steering them directly away from erebus . 
 ferranti jolted to his feet . 
 ` you ! ' 
 gordian smiled back , his arm securely fastened to his seat . 
 ` you 're welcome , diego . ' 
 the blond captain remained standing , silent . 
 then his shoulders slumped . 
 ` in this dark hour , ' he said , ` i do n't think there are any surprises left that would terrify me . ' 
 ` just as well , ' said justus , ` because we 're not done yet ! ' 
 ` how did you survive aurora ? ' 
 he asked her . 
 ` because of gordian , ' she said . 
 ` if it was n't for him then we would n't have forced the stellarstream out of docking position in time . 
 nor would we have been able to follow your radiation trail out here . ' 
 ` is that what you did ? ' 
 justus asked . 
 ` you followed my trail ? ' 
 she nodded , disgust in her face at his presence . 
 ` we made it out of position and followed your ultimatt shadow to chiro , and when we were unable to find you , gordian suggested we monitor all outgoing vessels until we found the one you attacked with . 
 it 's somewhat similar to a titanese carrier , so i knew what i was looking for . ' 
 ` very smart , ' ferranti said . 
 gordian winked . 
 ` thank you , captain . ' 
 ` but why did n't you contact titan via chiro 's governor , or failing that chiro itself , for help ? ' 
 ` because chiro is no longer governed by the enusti governor , ' said gordian . 
 ` the crilshan blockade has assumed command of the planet . ' 
 ` you and your people , ' ferranti fumed . 
 ` we would n't be here if it was n't for him , ' avila said . 
 ` it was he who got us here , and it was he who removed the enemy ship which just rose from the triangular base . ' 
 at once both captains were on their feet . 
 ` what ?! ' 
 ` please , ' ferranti begged . 
 ` please do n't tell me you destroyed it , avila . ' 
 gordian , still attached his chair , cleared his throat . 
 ` the craft that emerged from the base upon that moon is the one we followed here . 
 so far as i was concerned it was an enemy craft . 
 plus , they fired upon us first . ' 
 he laughed . 
 ` it was headed away from us when we arrived , so we pursued . 
 when we did they launched projectiles , so i responded . ' 
 ferranti stammered . 
 ` you ... you destroyed it ? ' 
 justus ' mouth hung wide open . 
 ` not completely , ' gordian said . 
 ` but it was certainly damaged . 
 the craft was already headed towards the planet . 
 once we fired , the craft made for its original course and finished up down there . ' 
 he pointed to the planet before them . 
 * * * the shuttle soared . 
 its port-vessel waited in the distance for their return . 
 justus lunged at the young woman now steering them away and to safety . 
 ` no ! ' 
 he told her . 
 ` turn us around ! 
 we have to go back . 
 we have to go after the other craft ! 
 anna 's down there ! ' 
 ` you are joking ? ' 
 she said . 
 ` are you going to pilot this thing down there ? ' 
 ` if i have to . ' 
 ` and just exactly what kind of frenetic are you ? ' 
 the crilshan posed . 
 ` the very best kind . 
 the kind of frenetic that does what he knows is right . ' 
 he looked at ferranti . 
 ` even when he realises what that is too late . ' 
 ferranti and he stared at each other , and the blond captain nodded his agreement . 
 ` turn her around , lieutenant . 
 take us down . ' 
 ` but captain -- ' ` i 'd prefer not to have to pull rank , ' he said . 
 ` this is a military craft and i am still your captain . 
 either way we have a duty of care to those girls . 
 if not for the general , we 'll do it for them . ' 
 avila stared at him , and eventually nodded , turning back to the controls , and ferranti moved to sit down nearby , but not before patting justus on his back as he walked away . 
 justus smiled weakly and moved himself , lifting araman 's blood-covered body and placing it upon two connected seats in the centre of the craft . 
 he looked so peaceful and still . 
 justus grasped one of the nearby towels and mopped the blood from araman 's face , before taking off his own coat and placing it over the young man 's body . 
 he sighed . 
 down among the labyrinth the words of xerin kramer had been burrowing inside his mind , and it was only as he found the time to rest and breathe that what the professor had said began to make some sense . 
 he had always thought himself unusual . 
 it had been one of the reasons he 'd ran away from home all those years ago . 
 kramer had thought justus was the immortal leader of the iástrons . 
 he had shot him because he feared the very thought that he might be , and then turned on araman because of that very same fear . 
 but it could n't be true . 
 he was antal justus , not peter marx . 
 he had heard of the legendary leader of the iástrons : the most powerful of them all , immortal and mighty . 
 but araman was dead . 
 if he was the immortal peter marx , how could he lie here before him , so battered and bloodied and helpless ? 
 there was something he was missing . 
 knowing what he now knew he only wished he 'd paid more attention to what araman had said in their long discussions . 
 if it 's true , antal , if you are peter marx , you can deal with it later . 
 now is the time to make up for all you have done . 
 whether you survive or not . 
 the shuttlecraft moved towards the lightning planet now . 
 justus stood and walked over to the cockpit . 
 they were so close . 
 but as he stepped up towards the front of the craft he noticed the cuffed crilshan wrestle free of his restraints and reach for the lieutenant 's blaster . 
 but ferranti had seen it too . 
 the crilshan lifted avila 's blaster and pointed it at ferranti , who lifted his own and aimed it at the dark-eyed assassin . 
 ` gordian , ' he said . 
 ` do n't . ' 
 ` here we are at last ! ' 
 ` gordian , no ! ' 
 avila cried . 
 ` quiet , ' he said . 
 ` you 've been a good companion , lieutenant . ' 
 ` companion ? ' 
 ` you have proven that your race has some quality . 
 but this goes back further than you know . 
 you have no idea the history we share , the battles we 've fought , the scars we 've left on each others ' flesh . ' 
 and he turned to the titanese captain . 
 ` did i not say what would happen the next time we faced off ? 
 did i not tell you i would kill you once i wrapped my hands around this cold steel ? ' 
 ` now who 's the madman ? ' 
 ferranti retorted . 
 ` oh , you know it 's always been me . ' 
 ` i think that 's the first ounce of truth i 've ever heard come from your mouth . ' 
 ` ha ! ' 
 gordian laughed . 
 several rigid seconds passed by ; and then , quite surprisingly , the crilshan pointed the blaster up and raised his hands . 
 ferranti breathed out . 
 ` put it down . ' 
 gordian obeyed , dropping the weapon . 
 his eerie eyes scanned all three of them , one by one . 
 ` you need me , diego , ' he said . 
 ` but i will help you get anna back . ' 
 ferranti kept his blaster closely trained upon his face . 
 ` if you expect me to believe that -- ' ` captain , ' said avila , ` i think we should listen to him . ' 
 ` thank you , lieutenant . ' 
 ` quiet , gordian , ' ferranti snapped . 
 ` avila , do you think he will want nothing in return ? ' 
 ` why do n't you ask him ? ' 
 gordian said . 
 ` fine . 
 what do you want in return ? ' 
 ` oh , just to be kept out of those awful cuffs . ' 
 he smiled widely . 
 ` they hurt like hell . ' 
 ` that 's it ? ' 
 avila asked . 
 ` nothing more ? ' 
 gordian maintained his icy smirk . 
 ` i 'm an assassin , a crilshan agent . 
 i 'm quite used to doing the very thing i do n't want to do . 
 oh , and switching allegiances , i 'm good at that . ' 
 ` i 'll bet . ' 
 the assassin went to speak , but before he could breathe a word the entire cockpit and everyone within it began to tremble . 
 chapter eighty-four blinding flashes of burning light , striking through cruel and rapid-diving dowels , collided with the air about them ; and their paths were like hands wielding thunder strikes from the heavens . 
 all across the immeasurable horizon beacons and flares of lightning crashed into the otherwise sinister planet surface . 
 a tremor-filled roar welcomed the shuttlecraft to the lower atmosphere of tempest-beta as they descended through the final fragment of flickering purple cloud . 
 ` watch out ! ' 
 avila cried . 
 a forked column shot through the air beside them , almost blinding justus as he was forced to grapple with the cabin wall . 
 ` watch it ! 
 there 's another ! ' 
 ` where are you going ? ' 
 justus said . 
 ` no idea , ' the blond captain replied . 
 ` there , ' gordian said from his seat . 
 ` watch the horizon . ' 
 ` what am i looking for ? ' 
 the crilshan raised his hand and pointed to their left . 
 ` you see it ? ' 
 justus moved closer . 
 ` i see it . 
 he 's right , ferranti . 
 head towards it . ' 
 ferranti wrenched the x-shaped control and the craft weaved its way through the lightning storm , which , it seemed , had become even more intense . 
 in the distance , only visible through the furious light of the storm , there stood a mountain , great and dark and formidable . 
 ` if you damaged the chaos , ' justus said , ` and they came down here , they 'll have headed for something noticeable . 
 something like that . 
 they may be waiting . ' 
 ferranti pulled the control back and the craft shot downward . 
 ` that 's assuming they think anyone 's foolish enough to follow them down here . ' 
 ` knowing kramer he 'll be prepared either way . 
 so should we . ' 
 ` we have weapons , ' avila said . 
 ` enough for the four of us at least . ' 
 ` any food ? ' 
 ferranti asked . 
 ` i 'm ready to collapse here . ' 
 ` i 'll see what stores there are . ' 
 she moved to the back of the craft . 
 up ahead the mountain drew closer and the lightning around them struck greater and stronger and louder . 
 and then it stopped . 
 everything became still and silent ; they all held their breath and gazed out at rising and falling upland . 
 like the eye of a storm the region surrounding the approaching mountain was subdued and noiseless , dark and sinister . 
 they orbited the structure , creating a ring and searching for something , anything that would give them a clue as to the fate of the chaos . 
 ` there ! ' 
 justus said , noticing a path of smoke emerging from the northern side of the mount , buried among the shadowed foothills encircling the mountain . 
 ` go through there . ' 
 ferranti veered across the plain towards the opening , and justus sat back beside gordian . 
 in moments avila returned with three more coilbolts , four blasters , and suits of armour . 
 ` those do ? ' 
 she said . 
 ` just fine . ' 
 ` there 's something to eat here as well , ' she said , handing both him and ferranti a tube of the sweetest-smelling foodstuff it seemed he 'd ever eaten . 
 ` we have a little water too . 
 take what you need . ' 
 they did , though ferranti hardly had time to eat , hungry as he no doubt would have been , and simply focused on navigating them down and into the great structure leading into the black caverns of the mountain , surrounded but unaffected by the storm above . 
 the craft moved through a series of gaping caves , throwing its light into echoing corners and deep fissures stretching miles below the surface , untouched and forgotten . 
 it took only minutes to reach the end of the path of smoke , and ferranti planted them down beside the smoking shell of the fated chaos , set upon an enclosed cliff face : a narrow plain of rock towering above the black and forlorn system of caves . 
 there was no sign at all of the other survivors . 
 justus took another eager mouthful of freezing-cold sludge , emptying the tube , and then stood . 
 avila handed ferranti a weapon and suit of armour , before slowly and warily handing the same to gordian . 
 ` have you eaten anything ? ' 
 she asked her captain . 
 ` there is n't time now , ' he said . 
 gordian stood . 
 ` not meaning to interrupt this pretty little picnic , but you 're expecting us to go out there . 
 do we have enough breathing tanks ? 
 and have you done any atmospherics ? 
 i doubt you will want to step foot out there and find them all dead . ' 
 ` the craft 's built for two , ' avila said , bringing her hands to her mouth in sudden realisation . 
 ` there 'll only be two suits . ' 
 ` then ferranti and i go , ' justus said with a full mouth . 
 ` what are conditions like out there ? ' 
 ` give me a moment . 
 gravity 's acceptable . 
 temperature down among these caverns is cold , but we can survive it . ' 
 ferranti pressed several more commands and leaned back in the seat . 
 ` wait a minute . ' 
 ` what is it , captain ? ' 
 justus moved to ferranti 's side as the captain double-checked the results of the scan . 
 ` ferranti , what is it ? ' 
 ` impossible , ' he said . 
 ` that 's impossible ! ' 
 ` what 's out there ? ' 
 he turned to face them , and said , ` air . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` scans show accurate readings of nitrogen , argon , oxygen , carbon dioxide , all of it . 
 an almost ideal comparison to the terraformed worlds . ' 
 ` not possible , ' gordian said . 
 ` you 've done something wrong . ' 
 the captain reached for a lever and pulled it back . 
 the craft 's side compartment opened and a wave of cold air poured into the space . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 ferranti smiled . 
 ` i do n't get things wrong . ' 
 he breathed out , his breath forming frost . 
 ` we 're still alive , are n't we ? 
 look , if we 're going out there we have to go now . 
 if we wait around we may not get back out . ' 
 justus stood tall and firm and took a deep breath , his heart fixed upon his throat . 
 ` well then , come on . 
 into the dark . ' 
 * * * anna walked as though she were in a dream , unable to wake . 
 voices surrounded her ; movement and light of the armed guard . 
 she stumbled and was pushed on . 
 her sister hung in the arms of a heavyset soldier nearby . 
 along the bitter cold and empty passage they tread , slowly and cautiously ; and although it seemed the passage , like the dark of the black labyrinth , became harsher and narrower the farther they moved , it was clear that the space was opening up . 
 and every so often they would find themselves standing over a deep fissure leading to a black abyss . 
 a dozen soldiers surrounded her and gílana . 
 at the forefront walked kramer and ketrass . 
 though her legs ached anna walked a little faster , until she could make out what the two were saying . 
 kramer led the way . 
 ketrass kept close to him , whispering and looking all around . 
 they were talking about the obvious fact they could all breathe . 
 ` ... but we did tests , ' ketrass said . 
 ` i read about the atmospheric samples verified when the station was first established . ' 
 ` spot on , ' kramer replied . 
 ` they were nothing more than samples . 
 a small zone on a type-5 planet . 
 a decade ago . ' 
 ` something has obviously changed in the last ten years then , ' she said . 
 ` but what ? ' 
 ` is n't it obvious ? ' 
 ` i do n't know . ' 
 ` us . ' 
 kramer glanced down at ketrass . 
 ` erebus has been here for thousands of years , avéne . 
 in all that time i think it 's unlikely that anything other than our presence has occurred here . 
 and whatever 's down here knew we were up there . 
 i expect they 've been waiting for this . ' 
 ` then why are we just walking in , without so much as a knock-on-the-door ? 
 we 're not prepared for whatever 's down here . ' 
 kramer looked to her . 
 ` you may not be , avéne . 
 but i 've been waiting for this my whole life . 
 i am -- ' ` in control ? ' 
 kramer smiled . 
 ` always . ' 
 anna looked up and perceived that the tunnel itself was carved in a way similar to the passageways within erebus . 
 was whatever had been up there inside the asteroid now down here ? 
 was that why kramer brought them down ? 
 if the mass of beasts formed the army , then maybe their leaders were here . 
 maybe kramer was right . 
 and maybe whatever had cast itself down here was indeed waiting for them . 
 after only a minute or two they stopped moving . 
 ` go on , ' she heard kramer say . 
 ` go down . ' 
 she peered out from behind her guards ; they had reached a fresh cliff face . 
 there was not a drop , however , but a stairway , carved from the rock along the wall to her right . 
 the amazing part , however , was what lay before her : an enormous , circular chamber resembling the centre of erebus itself . 
 one by one they descended . 
 the soldiers lit several flares , exposing the entire cavity . 
 the rounded room , extremely wide and immeasurably high , stood around a great chasm at its centre , which resembled a maelstrom of carven rock . 
 and upon the far side rose an enormous black-stone structure ; pillars and images of beasts and creatures undreamed of were visible in the red-hued shadows . 
 the edifice stood higher than it was possible to see in the dark . 
 several of the soldiers spread out about the chamber , moving in a circle around the large fissure at its centre . 
 but a scream filled the chamber . 
 it was ketrass . 
 the sound echoed around them all as though she continued to scream , but in truth she had backed up and now held tightly onto the old professor . 
 the soldiers backed up immediately , but the flares they had lit upon the far side exposed the cause for panic . 
 anna bit her tongue , her eyes watering as she gazed upon the body of a man , hanging lifelessly , suspended above the far edifice . 
 his wire-like bonds wrapped around him and cut through his limbs , his chest , and his neck . 
 his arms and legs had been removed . 
 the soldiers raised their rifles and prepared to fire . 
 ketrass fell to her knees . 
 ` no , ' she whimpered . 
 ` that 's ... but that 's -- ' ` lesper , my dear , ' kramer said , wheezing . 
 ` so he did make it in here . ' 
 he closed his eyes . 
 ` but he did not survive long enough for us to find him . ' 
 ` that 's what you planned to do ? ' 
 ketrass asked . 
 ` in part , but it no longer matters . 
 the worst has been done . ' 
 ` you ... you know him ? ' 
 anna said , her arms around her sister , still only half conscious . 
 ` he warned me , ' kramer said . 
 ` he feared what would be down here . 
 well i have realised my fear , and it 's not what i pictured it would be . 
 it would seem he has suffered a death more terrible than i could have imagined . ' 
 as though in reply , throughout the chamber there rose a deep , echoing rattle , joined closely by a voice . 
 ` declare ! ' 
 it uttered , ` what is it that causes them to assume he is dead ?! ' 
 chapter eighty-five the impact was chilling . 
 anna screamed , holding tightly onto her sister , backing away from the terror-stricken group . 
 not because the hanging man high above the chamber had spoken . 
 not because of the words he had said . 
 not because she was hidden deep beneath a black alien mountain , alone and so far away from her home , but because the black band burned into her wrist had shuddered with the booming around them , and the alien voice rattling through her body had spoken to her alone . 
 before her the soldiers backed up ; they shouted and gathered back together . 
 ` stay where you are ! ' 
 kramer said , a quivering ketrass attached to his arm . 
 ` what was it ? ' 
 ketrass cried . 
 ` i do n't -- ' ` what the hell are you ?! ' 
 ` quiet , avéne ! ' 
 the professor said . 
 ` repeat yourself ! 
 say that again ! ' 
 and the echoing rattle repeated , ` what is it that causes them to assume he is dead ? ' 
 kramer took a deep breath . 
 ` who said that ? ' 
 ` him , ' anna shuddered , pointing to the man whose body continued to hang limply , while his mouth shifted as though words were forced from his lips . 
 then he laughed , loud and bellowing . 
 ` stop it ! ' 
 kramer shouted . 
 ` lesper ! ' 
 ` the womankind is powerless and the men but shadows ! ' 
 the limbless man laughed , the rattles coming from across the pit dark rasps of a foul breath . 
 ` reveal yourself ! ' 
 kramer 's voice trembled for the first time since anna had met him . 
 lesper laughed deeply again . 
 ` stop it ! 
 reveal yourself ! ' 
 anna 's heart thudded against her ribs ; her whole body trembled with an icy chill . 
 the bracelet around her wrist vibrated and pulsed as the dark words were spoken , and she kept hold of her sister , unable to let go . 
 once more lesper laughed a piercing laugh , and kramer turned to one of the armed men nearby . 
 ` shoot him , ' he said . 
 ` shoot him down right now ! ' 
 one soldier did so , striking one side of the limbless puppet . 
 but from the shadows stretched an answer and the startling rattle writhed into a howl of outrage . 
 from the darkness of the far-walled structure there emerged a chilling organism : tall , skeletal , and covered in long , black cloth it seemed to peel away from the moulded edifice as though its thin form had been there forever . 
 bit by bit it stretched itself out of its position and turned to them , revealing a beastly countenance , black-boned like the demons of the labyrinth ; except this bore not two , three , or even four , but countless horns extending from its skull , down its piercing chin , and along both outer sides of its body , down insect-like legs , and finally to its feet . 
 the creature howled and rattled . 
 lesper interpreted : ` they are zinn ! 
 bow ! ' 
 nobody moved . 
 nobody dared . 
 ` bow ! ' 
 kramer dropped to his knees . 
 ` zinn ? ' 
 anna descended slowly . 
 ` bow ! ' 
 ` nobody 's bowing to you ! ' 
 anna spun to see antal justus stroll across the chamber floor , a poised sneer etched into his jaw line . 
 kramer started , ` what 're you -- ' but justus passed by , nudging him in the ribs . 
 ` you 're the zinn ? ' 
 he said . 
 ` strange name . 
 but i have one question : do you know who we are ? ' 
 the zinn-creature stood tall on powerful struts , and replied with a painful rattle . 
 ` you are antal justus ! ' 
 lesper cried . 
 justus hesitated . 
 ` well , ' he said , shaken , ` i 've heard of human translators before , but that 's a little bit too far ! ' 
 ` bow ! ' 
 ` yeah , yeah ! ' 
 he said . 
 ` i got that bit . 
 and you 're right . 
 i am antal justus . 
 i 'm a good man , a brave man , captain of the crimson flux ! 
 i know what i am now , and what i 'm not ! ' 
 ` his words are merely the words of an infant , riddles of an ill-bred ! ' 
 cried lesper . 
 ` antal justus ! 
 weak and guilt-ridden , he flees from those who think they love him ! 
 captain , pha ! 
 his luck has now run dry ! ' 
 justus opened his mouth , but it was as though the words had been stolen from his very throat . 
 as he struggled , kramer rose from his knees . 
 ` do you know who i am ? ' 
 he said , his voice high-pitched but steady . 
 ` xerin kramer ! ' 
 lesper 's voice carried through the chamber . 
 ` the man who yearns for control , yet can not hope to command even himself ! ' 
 the professor wheezed , advanced a small step . 
 ` the ... the current system-date ? ' 
 the puppet laughed maliciously . 
 ` forty-two , sixty-two ! ' 
 ` your world of origin ? ' 
 a piercing cry came from across the cavern , and sickening blood bubbled up from lesper 's mouth , spraying out and into the black pit . 
 ` wh ... what was that ? ' 
 ketrass said . 
 all of a sudden , from the corner of her eye anna picked up on numerous dots of light appearing in the shadows . 
 pairs of eyes watched from the dark as the group at once found itself surrounded . 
 kramer attempted to question the zinn one last time : ` constantine lesper 's innermost fear ? ' 
 the demon 's rattle lowered . 
 ` to have no real home or family ... to live and die and be forgotten ... to achieve nothing and be with no one at the end ! ' 
 kramer fell back to the stone floor and said , ` they 've been inside lesper 's head . 
 the readings said he was still alive , but it was them , feeding on his thoughts , on his knowledge . 
 which means they now know all that he knew about erebus . ' 
 ` and humanity , ' justus said , teeth gritted . 
 anna continued to watch movement in the shadows , her hands around her sister 's cold body . 
 they had to leave before they became surrounded . 
 ` everyone remain calm , ' said kramer , fear pouring from his voice . 
 before he had finished , patient creatures having lingered long in the shadows appeared around them , striding slowly forwards , elongated arms hanging tight about lean torsos . 
 dozens of the zinn moved to surround the group , obstructing the stone steps and rattling deeply . 
 anna covered her ears , but it did not work . 
 ` i think they 're laughing , ' kramer yelled over the clamour . 
 justus dropped to his knees beside anna . 
 he looked her in the eye , smiled weakly . 
 ` i knew you 'd come for me , antal . ' 
 ` of course . ' 
 ` what do we do ? ' 
 ketrass shouted . 
 ` there is nothing we can do ! ' 
 kramer said . 
 all of a sudden the shrieking stopped . 
 it was then that anna tilted her head , able to see several more of the creatures leaning behind them , while many more crept from the shadows behind the far robed zinn . 
 they were draped in heavy-looking armour which shimmered silver-black , much like the bracelet now enveloping anna 's wrist with painful jolts . 
 had they not seen the creature adorned in dark cloth , it would have been nigh impossible to tell what the rest looked like . 
 justus moved closer to the girls ; one hand took anna 's and the other extended to the coil at his side . 
 anna 's peripherals picked up on several more creatures moving nearby , keeping back in the darkness , dagger-like teeth exposed . 
 perhaps they were afraid . 
 or simply waiting for orders . 
 she reached for gílana , still unconscious , and clutched her hand tightly . 
 ` what do we do ? ' 
 ketrass asked again . 
 ` what kind of weapons do you have ? ' 
 kramer asked justus . 
 ` coils , rifles , nothing special . ' 
 ` and a craft ? 
 ours was damaged beyond repair . ' 
 ` we have one , ' justus said . 
 ` we just need to get past them . ' 
 kramer nodded without taking his eyes from the surrounding zinn . 
 ` where is it ? ' 
 ` alongside yours . 
 up those steps . 
 minutes away . 
 we have to be fast . ' 
 ` then that 's what we 'll do . 
 and now that 's clear i can do what it was i came down here to do . ' 
 kramer revealed a hand-sized contraption . 
 with both thumbs he pressed the screen . 
 ` fifteen should be enough . ' 
 ` fifteen what ? ' 
 ` fifteen minutes , ' he said , rising from his knees . 
 ` minutes ? ' 
 justus shot to his feet . 
 ` it 's a bomb ?! ' 
 kramer smiled , activated the detonator , and hurled it across the chamber . 
 it rolled past the zinn , down , and into the innermost pit . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 ketrass cried . 
 ` taking back control ! ' 
 before any of them could utter a response , stone and dust began to fall from above and the ground shook . 
 the group moved close together . 
 lesper cried out again : ` they are here , masterium ! 
 come for them ! 
 masterium , they are here and they are ready to serve ! 
 come for them ! 
 come for them ! ' 
 a gargantuan column of black power like the energy within erebus ' central chamber surged from the heart of the stone edifice , disappearing through the caverns above . 
 anna 's bracelet pulsed fiercely . 
 she knew what it meant . 
 ` they 're making contact with erebus ! ' 
 she yelled . 
 ` stop it ! 
 we have to stop it ! ' 
 the zinn were doing something terrible . 
 she had activated the black-rock moon , and now they could use it . 
 long they had been trapped down here , but now they were free . 
 ` they 're taking erebus back ! ' 
 ` the masters ! ' 
 kramer yelled . 
 ` the masters never left ! ' 
 without warning anna felt cold claws reach around her arms and body , lifting her from the ground . 
 she could n't move . 
 frozen in fear . 
 legs hanging beneath her . 
 she cried out , but the clatter of rifles emptying their barrels sounded around her ; the movement coming from beside told her that gílana too had been seized . 
 justus ignited his crimson coil and moved towards them , but stopped , hesitated . 
 he looked to anna , held in the creature 's cold grasp . 
 she nodded once , slowly , and he understood . 
 ` now ! ' 
 he cried aloud and aiming at the ground beneath her he fired at the zinn 's feet . 
 a shocking rattle pounded her eardrums and she fell to the stone floor . 
 he fired again at the demon beside and gílana fell to the rock , the creatures that had held them now pelting for the nearest tunnel . 
 ` now ! ' 
 justus cried again . 
 ` now , damn it ! ' 
 the singing rattle of rifle-fire and rattling demons were at once merged with the startling bursts of bright-blue and violet light which now filled the chamber . 
 upon one side captain ferranti appeared from behind a ring of rock , coil and blaster sending the mass of black bone retreating . 
 while upon the other charged lieutenant avila and , anna did a double take -- ` gordian ! ' 
 gordian and avila sprang towards the group , blue coils firing between them , and tearing the air as they fired at the zinn-creatures behind . 
 the three met anna , gílana , and justus in the middle of the circle of panicked soldiers . 
 kramer and ketrass huddled close nearby . 
 but all around them the zinn were reforming , attacking in waves of armored might . 
 ` some signal ! ' 
 ferranti said to justus . 
 ` yeah , and you took your time answering ! ' 
 gordian jerked anna and avila out of the way of a zinn-creature hurtling through the group and as one they sent it spinning in the opposite direction . 
 ` well we 're here now , ' said the assassin . 
 ` i do n't suppose you have a plan ? ' 
 it seemed unlikely . 
 the circle had become too small ; the creatures too many . 
 running . 
 swerving . 
 slashing . 
 the group was beyond exhausted . 
 ferranti dropped his blaster and drew out another coil . 
 he moved to fire upon the rear edge of the attacking line of zinn , fiercely and precisely demonstrating his well-honed aim . 
 accuracy and determination , however , were no match for the sheer strength of their dark enemies ; and though both he and avila continued to send the violent line fleeing , the three zinn that came charging through the group sent them both soaring towards the abyss of the inner maelstrom . 
 as they slid down the precipitous plunge gordian threw himself after them . 
 he bolted for the pit and hurled himself to the ground ; reaching out he clutched tightly the only hand still clinging to the surface . 
 ` gordian ! ' 
 justus yelled . 
 anna held her sister 's hand tight . 
 it was impossible . 
 they could n't hold them off any longer . 
 the crilshan clutched ferranti and pulled him from the edge . 
 lieutenant mica avila had been thrown to her death . 
 though , as ferranti and gordian found their feet , breathless and panting , one of the attacking zinn clenched ferranti and leapt over gordian , who tried but failed to bring the creature down . 
 ` gordian ! ' 
 justus cried again as the surrounding creatures moved in for the kill . 
 anna watched , distraught , as the dark being scaled the nearby wall , heading for a crevice high above . 
 ferranti , no ! 
 anna relinquished the grip on her unconscious sister and reached for the blaster the titanese captain had abandoned . 
 and she fired several times , over and over , at first striking nothing but rock , but eventually hitting the fleeing creature and both ferranti and the zinn plummeted to the ground . 
 neither moved , and gordian , launching a fearless offensive , rushed to recover him . 
 then , as expected by all , the circle broke . 
 they were vastly outnumbered , and the cries and screams from nearby soldiers were replaced by threatening rattles of fury and bloodlust . 
 kramer and ketrass , who had until now been cowering beside her , backed up in terror . 
 coilbolt booms stopped . 
 justus grimaced and fell to his knees . 
 when it seemed that hope had left them ; when it appeared there was no way out at all ; when everybody 's energy was sapped and anna fought to breathe in the thin air , the zinn stopped advancing . 
 they stayed still and continued to emit their deep , rattling din . 
 all watched , silent and exhausted , as the primary organism marked with black cloth circled the large pit to approach them . 
 upon the far side the dark energy continued to flare , up through the ceiling to erebus itself . 
 anna turned to justus . 
 ` thank you . ' 
 ` i am truly sorry , anna . ' 
 before she had chance to reply a hand reached around her mouth and dragged her backwards . 
 justus cried out and grasped for her hand . 
 their fingers touched , but she was pulled back across the chamber stone and over dark boulders . 
 justus followed , but not fast enough . 
 they did not move high , but instead dropped below . 
 down through a gap in the jagged rock . 
 down into darkness . 
 and with one last attempt justus gripped her hand , the scathing rock beneath them tearing at his stomach . 
 he lost her grip . 
 their eyes met , and a roaring voice called out , ` stop ! ' 
 chapter eighty-six ` gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! ' 
 the dark organisms panicked , their unsettling rattles resonated around them as though there were ten times their number . 
 the zinn-creature clutching anna backed up and struck the cave wall furiously with its horned skull many times , before releasing her and disappearing into the dark . 
 justus found her hand , dragged her from the cleft . 
 upon the far side of the chamber the dark beings had gathered , and above them lesper was crying aloud one word , over and over : ` gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! ' 
 and at that moment , a light as bright as a thousand red dawns appeared behind them ; and they turned to the top of the stone steps to witness a dark shape situated upon the summit . 
 it was from this being that the light branched out , and as he watched the man stood high above , antal justus had no doubt in his mind just who it was . 
 above them peter marx closed his eyes , breathed in , and opened them again . 
 from far above the ground the man with the face and body of a helpless boy observed the frenzied scene below . 
 he watched the last of the soldiers disappear into the dark , pulled within by the withered demons , while the mutilated corpse of constantine lesper continued to call out , ` gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! ' 
 to the centre of the chamber crawled kramer and ketrass . 
 justus and anna dashed also to the midpoint , where they raised the young blonde girl to her feet . 
 nearby , the crilshan gordian threw diego ferranti over his shoulder and gathered among the rest . 
 the boy gazed down at the terror and wonder filling each of their faces . 
 he focused upon xerin kramer and listened to him whimper , ` peter , ' bent upon his hands and knees . 
 ` yes , ' the boy said . 
 ` i am peter marx . ' 
 he reached up and touched his hair , and looked down at his hands , soft palms he had not seen for ten years . 
 he had , at last , returned to his original form , and once again bore his night-black hair and impenetrable skin , brilliantly pale . 
 ` i am not araman alwar . 
 i never could be . 
 i never wanted to be . 
 i am peter marx . ' 
 ` gilaxiad ! ' 
 lesper cried . 
 ` gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! ' 
 but it was not he who called the word . 
 it was them . 
 peter raised his arms up high , bloody garments hanging loose about his slender form , and he called out , ` long have they waited ! ' 
 silence fell at once , and every last body stopped to listen . 
 ` long indeed have they concealed themselves below this mountain black . 
 longer than he could guess , did he think it possible ! ' 
 every last one of the swarthy organisms halted their crying . 
 their lean collars pointed up at him . 
 ` this one speaks with an aged tongue ! ' 
 called lesper . 
 ` aged or sharp ! 
 sharp or scornful ! 
 this one must come down ! ' 
 peter looked at the astonishment upon his friends ' faces ; and he laughed , powerful and booming it shook the chamber with a deafening report . 
 ` this one thinks they may have to wait a short while more ! ' 
 and with a lift of his arms the ground below with dust and rocks rose up , circling the rounded chamber . 
 he concentrated with all his might on the black-blazing stone structure upon the far wall , and he reached out his arms , and he tore it down . 
 the edifice warped and buckled , collapsing rock across the entire chamber . 
 but none touched his friends . 
 the black mass of energy at once ceased , filling the room with an eerie silence . 
 peter knew what he had to do ; there was no trace of uncertainty in his mind now as he peered over the edge and watched the survivors of erebus pick themselves up , preparing to run . 
 ketrass and kramer darted towards the stone steps and justus raised his coil , shielding the girls . 
 ` get your sister up , ' he said to anna . 
 ` get ready to run . 
 we make for the craft ! ' 
 he spun and fired his coil several times , covering anna and her sister as they hobbled forwards . 
 the crilshan with ferranti over his shoulder moved behind . 
 peter jumped the length of the stone steps , opening his palms and sending a cluster of creatures flying through the air , before landing at the bottom , fusing the air around him into a fierce assault , preventing the zinn from coming near . 
 ` go , go , go ! ' 
 justus shouted to anna and the others as they tore up the steps behind him , lugging their respective wounded . 
 kramer and ketrass had already made it to the top . 
 he then turned to peter in the heightening chaos and nodded . 
 ` you are peter marx . ' 
 ` yes , i am , ' he said . 
 ` and it has been a long time since anybody sought for me by that name . ' 
 peter reached out and the two clasped hands in amity . 
 words could not describe the warmth he felt seeing antal justus alive before him . 
 the rattling cries of the black creatures of zinn rose from the far fringe of the chamber . 
 many more had emerged from deep cracks and secret tunnels , enraged and ferocious , while the twisting torrent of wind continued to surge around the chamber , keeping them at bay . 
 peter 's eyes widened as he summoned his friend close . 
 ` listen to me carefully , antal . 
 there is so much more behind all of this than any of us realise . 
 it 's up to you now . 
 remember my words : the moon is our ally . 
 seek the answers on earth , antal . 
 if it comes to it , leave me behind , but get the others out . 
 promise me . ' 
 ` araman ... peter , i -- ' ` promise me ! ' 
 justus ' lip trembled ; he looked fixedly at peter and nodded . 
 ` i promise . ' 
 ` good , now go . 
 run ... run and do n't look back ! ' 
 ` what 're you -- ' ` run ! ' 
 antal justus holstered his coilbolt and charged for the bordering steps . 
 two of the dark creatures emerged at that point from a split at the bottom of the steps , and they darted after him . 
 but peter extended his reach as though his gift had never disappeared , and pulled the zinn back , hurling them far across the fissure at the chamber 's centre . 
 peter turned . 
 his power was back , his strength renewed . 
 all the time he had spent upon erebus -- ten long years as his gift was hindered by the dark energy , the evil power within -- had taught him nothing more than that his power was part of who he was . 
 and now he would use it to get the answers he had long searched for . 
 as the wind died down , the lofty beings leaned forwards on their barbed legs , ready to strike . 
 but strike they did not . 
 they perceived peter as though they knew him , knew what he was capable of , as though they had seen him before . 
 he eyed them carefully , walking slowly towards them in the silence , hoping their attention would remain on him long enough for the others to catch up with kramer and get out . 
 peter knew what he had to do . 
 as he approached them they moved aside , backing away from a powerful aura which he knowingly emanated as much as he could . 
 they parted together , allowing him through and in between them . 
 very soon he was surrounded , but he carried on forward until he reached the ringed chasm and surveyed the many mounds of stone stretched out around him . 
 above swayed lesper 's lifeless form . 
 peter peered over the edge . 
 a human eye could not have found the bottom , but he could see all the way . 
 it was wide and dark , but not limitless . 
 at the bottom lay a hillock of dark bone , the body of a young woman , and the device he was searching for . 
 the screen , still intact , read : 10 : 02 10 : 01 he breathed out . 
 ` no . ' 
 10 : 00 09 : 59 he turned back to the zinn . 
 with a voice -- strong , clear , and commanding -- he said , ` i know they are aware of the words he chooses , so now they are going to listen ! ' 
 the dark chamber , filled only with a hazy glow now raining down from the freshly-razed opening above , became utterly quiet . 
 they would not come near him , and instead displayed their height in threatening stances . 
 he remained encircled in the middle of the chamber beside the cold pit . 
 his heart racing , peter spoke again . 
 ` when i first entered here , when i revealed myself and spoke , you cried out . 
 you shouted ... gilaxiad . 
 what does it mean ? ' 
 no reply . 
 silence . 
 ` i 've heard that word before ! 
 tell me what it means ! ' 
 for so many years the dream of the orb and gilaxiad had been ingrained in peter marx 's mind , torturing him . 
 once the iástron haven below europa had fallen he spent months without sleep . 
 and when he eventually closed his eyes , when finally he dreamt again , gilaxiad was there , the black orb was there , anna and justus were there . 
 ` tell me ! ' 
 at once the clothed zinn before him spoke . 
 it sounded just like before : a deep and cavernous rattle . 
 and lesper 's sonorous voice spoke for it : ` the prophecy ... gilaxiad ... the masterium ... gilaxiad . 
 he will die ... gilaxiad ! 
 gilaxiad ! ' 
 then a single zinn moved . 
 it took three broad steps forward , rising up above him . 
 the dull rattles of the beings behind it continued ; the sound resonated around him like a chill wind . 
 and the cloaked zinn looked down . 
 long arms caressed his shoulders , and then his neck , and then it began to stroke his frozen face . 
 the horrifying skull of the zinn closed in , and it made another deep rattle . 
 it spoke to him , and from the edifice behind lesper exclaimed : gone are days of peace and hope ; in their place death and darkness rain ; lost are memories of power once owned ; and through the one -- lesper stopped suddenly . 
 the rattle of the zinn ceased . 
 a terrifying hush wrapped the hollow in its entirety . 
 the tall , lean being backed up . 
 ` and through ? ' 
 peter said . 
 ` through the one what ? 
 what comes next ? 
 gilaxiad is a prophecy . 
 is that what it is ? ' 
 he looked upon the faces of the zinn-creatures , and his heart almost stopped beating . 
 if ever he would have imagined the look of pure terror on their skeletal snouts , they would have looked like this . 
 in the hauntingly-dim glow , he watched their heads look past him , up and beyond where he stood . 
 he turned slowly , gazed up . 
 absolute dread surged through him . 
 ` no ... please , no . ' 
 the creatures behind him remained silent , save for the unsettling rattle of their bone-like limbs retreating once more . 
 but the excruciating stillness was interrupted by the deep , blood-curdling sound of a creature . 
 it was hissing . 
 chapter eighty-seven justus ran . 
 light shimmered before him . 
 darkness in his wake . 
 no peter . 
 up ahead gordian lugging a barely-conscious ferranti , and to justus ' utter relief anna raced ahead , dragging her sister with her . 
 an overwhelming part of him wanted to stop , to go back and help . 
 he could n't believe it : the leader of the iástrons was here ; his friend , araman alwar , had been peter marx all along . 
 almost faltering as he charged through the dark he quickly caught up with gordian and ferranti , and pushed ahead . 
 they were so close . 
 the stellarstream 's shuttle was just in front . 
 a loud and roaring drone carried through the tunnel and he reached the clearing , emerging at the same precipice upon which they had landed minutes before . 
 he could see kramer and ketrass at the craft 's side entrance , and anna carried her sister toward it . 
 ` come on ! ' 
 kramer said . 
 ` this way , anna ! ' 
 she raced forward . 
 ` anna , no ! ' 
 justus cried . 
 she continued on and reached the craft . 
 kramer took her hand and pulled her towards him , driving his elbow into her sister 's semi-conscious form and sending her to the ground . 
 he raised his knife and rolled her round to face the others , the knife-edge held up against her skin . 
 ` anna ! ' 
 ` stay back ! ' 
 kramer yelled . 
 gordian 's legs gave way as he reached the rock face and both he and ferranti collapsed to the ground . 
 justus carried forwards , coil in hand . 
 all his energy drained , he too wavered on the spot . 
 ` i swear , ' he said , ` you hurt her and i 'll -- ' a humming . 
 a drone . 
 something rang beneath the mountain , as though the caves themselves were chanting a magnificent hymn from hell itself . 
 and from the blackness of the colossal cavern came a twisting craft . 
 it was worn and dark red ; and the pilot inside set it down with extraordinary skill upon the cliff face . 
 and in seconds , as the rear gate was lowered , four familiar figures scurried down the access ramp , holding up blasters and dashing forward . 
 a blonde , curly-haired woman held her hand up , signalling for the others to stop . 
 the podgy man behind her mimicked the action , and the thin boy and giant girl behind him did so too . 
 ` that 's not possible ! ' 
 justus shivered . 
 ` adra ? ' 
 their eyes met . 
 adra dimal 's jaw trembled , a smile forming . 
 ` out of the way ! ' 
 came another voice , and from behind the four came charging a bent old woman , shoving the others aside as she made for the action . 
 she spotted anna , kramer , and ketrass at the craft 's opening and halted . 
 ` anna ? ' 
 ` callista ? ' 
 ` stay back , old woman , ' ketrass said , a flickering red coil at her side . 
 ` are you all right , anna ? ' 
 callista asked . 
 dimal moved to her side . 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 ` stay where you are ! ' 
 justus said , raising his coil towards kramer . 
 ` you hurt her , and -- ' ` and you 'll what ? ' 
 kramer said , inching backwards , his knife held firmly upon her . 
 ` and i 'll make sure you regret it . ' 
 ` where is he , captain ? ' 
 the professor asked . 
 ` right behind us . ' 
 ` i 'd better make this quick then . ' 
 ` whatever it is you want to do , ' said the dark-skinned old woman , ` you will stop it now . ' 
 kramer hesitated . 
 his grip appeared to loosen , but he did n't let go . 
 ` i am getting on this craft and not a single one of you is going to stop me . ' 
 dimal , noah , raj , and shree all triggered their weapons , but the old woman waved them down . 
 ` drop the weapons , ' he said , ` or i slit her throat . ' 
 he looked to justus . 
 ` and i very much doubt that this one will heal . ' 
 justus nodded to the group , and they all deactivated their weapons , dropping them to the ground . 
 kramer chuckled . 
 ` you had the chance . 
 you had the opportunity to do something that mattered . ' 
 ` i 'm doing something that matters . 
 i know why i came to erebus now . ' 
 he looked to avéne ketrass . 
 ` do you know why you did ? ' 
 ` you saw what 's right down there ! ' 
 she screamed . 
 ` somebody has to fight it ! 
 we 're not alone anymore . 
 the stories were true ! ' 
 ` we can fight it , ' he said . 
 ` but not like this . 
 no one else has to die . ' 
 ` ibrahatima katha , ' kramer said . 
 ` as they say on crilshar , `` let the darkness run through your veins like deep , untainted blood . '' ' 
 ` you 're mad ! ' 
 dimal cried . 
 ` the darkness inside erebus will not rise if we fight it , ' he said , stepping to the edge dragging anna with him . 
 ` and we will fight it . 
 there are more of those creatures out there , and we have to be ready -- ' ` we will be . ' 
 ` we have to show them that we are strong ! ' 
 ` and our strength is our humanity . 
 put the knife down ! ' 
 ` humanity is weak ! 
 humanity has never been weaker than it is today . 
 to say that it is a strength is a contradiction , nothing more . ' 
 ` kramer , put down the knife . ' 
 ` please , ' the old woman begged , swaying where she stood . 
 ` darkness alone can fight darkness ! ' 
 justus stepped forward . 
 ` i wo n't let you do this . ' 
 kramer took a deep breath . 
 ` then you leave me no choice . ' 
 the blade left anna 's neck as he raised it , making to plunge it into her -- ` nooo ! ' 
 a sudden beam of blue discharged as though from nowhere . 
 kramer 's hand burst into soaring fragments , spattering both anna and the ground with small pieces , and they were both hurled to the floor , where kramer shook and howled in a fit of excruciating cries . 
 justus charged forward as kramer reached out for the knife , scrambling for the blade amongst the slivers of his shattered hand . 
 he kicked out at anna , picked up the knife , and -- justus kicked kramer in the face , knocking him back . 
 he turned to see ketrass raise the crackling coil towards him . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' she said as adra dimal appeared behind her , her fist landing a blow across her face . 
 ketrass collapsed beside kramer , whimpering . 
 the old woman scurried across and anna jumped into her arms ; she pulled her to her feet , and everybody gazed across the cliff face . 
 at the bottom of the crimson flux 's ramp there stood a young girl , a smoking blaster in her hands . 
 her red hair was darker than a setting surrogate sun , and the crimson ship 's crew turned to her , stunned . 
 ` aíron veryan ! ' 
 justus cried , and he fell once more to his knees . 
 the young girl grinned nervously as the others rushed to her . 
 kramer stirred and cried aloud , almost in shock , ` my hand ! 
 my hand ! 
 you took my hand ! ' 
 justus picked up ketrass ' coilbolt and handed it to adra before picking up the shaking man . 
 ` you 're coming with us . 
 dimal , tie him up in the back . 
 her too , ' he said , motioning to ketrass . 
 ` me ? ' 
 she whimpered , shaking . 
 ` yes , you . 
 you chose him . 
 you chose wrong . 
 now live with it . ' 
 the crew of the flux hauled kramer and ketrass up and into the crimson beauty , while ferranti and gordian , though exhausted , found their feet and moved on board . 
 ferranti 's arm was broken . 
 justus rushed to help anna and her half-conscious sister up . 
 anna continued to weep in the arms of the old woman , who held her in a cradling embrace . 
 ` now now , ' she whispered tenderly , ` that 's certainly not the anna i know ! ' 
 justus took the woman 's arm . 
 ` how did you know we were down here ? ' 
 ` i followed a feeling , ' she said , throwing him off . 
 ` a feeling i have n't felt in fifty years , but one i have never forgotten . 
 a feeling which pulled me down here . ' 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 anna asked . 
 the old woman gazed at the nearby passage , and seized justus by the collar . 
 ` tell me now , ' she said , ` where is he ? ' 
 chapter eighty-eight peter marx looked up . 
 all his senses scanned the dark chamber and the tunnels beyond , past the army of the zinn as the horror of the beastly presence tore their cries asunder , and like a ferocious flash of lightning out on the planet surface , for one split-second he saw her . 
 she was there . 
 the last iástron had come . 
 the hissing rang out again . 
 peter turned to peer upon the hanging body of constantine lesper , upon which rose the hair-raising outline of the beast . 
 the same creature that had driven lesper mad and followed him into the shuttle , no doubt causing the ship to hurtle down here ; it had waited with the body , and now further prey had arrived . 
 subject sixteen . 
 with a roaring snarl it dropped from lesper 's body onto the chamber floor and rose up before charging headlong across the piles of stone at peter and the zinn . 
 peter searched his psyche and focused , and looked into the mind of the creature . 
 with a snap his neck cracked back , falling ... ... he collapsed onto his back . 
 a ringing pain shot through his head . 
 he opened his eyes and jumped to his feet . 
 a hand clutched his shoulder . 
 he spun . 
 professor xerin kramer stared back at him , clean cut and wearing his usual black coat and dark partial face-covering . 
 lesper 's voice called out in the background . 
 ` where am i ? 
 what 's happening ? ' 
 ` this way , captain , ' kramer said with his harsh , poised nuance . 
 peter followed ; only it was not his body . 
 the cave and the dark chamber suddenly disappeared . 
 he walked behind the professor through the black rock and into section six , not speaking a word ; and he halted before the same sixteen metal hatches he had been shown upon his own visit , under the guise of araman alwar . 
 what a perfect disguise it had been . 
 peter had known the true araman upon one of the moons of bravoral . 
 the boy had indeed been among the brightest minds he had ever met , but araman had been conquered by his own talent and ultimately taken his own life . 
 it was at that time that erebus had first been discovered . 
 peter had originally been upon bravoral in his investigation of the inexplicable disappearances of several eminent scientists from various fields including astrobiology and xenopetrology . 
 commander constantine lesper had arrived on the moon to visit araman after peter made sure his academic project became eminent enough to attract the attention of whoever was gathering the prominent scientists . 
 without the true araman to attend lesper 's invitation , peter had altered his appearance and taken on the boy 's identity ; and in that way found himself summoned to the top-secret station , erebus . 
 the metal hatch before him rose , revealing the darkness and the ominous creature within . 
 the ill-omened sensation of déjà vu flickered across his mind . 
 he looked to either side at the professor and the commander , both of whom were sporting avid smirks . 
 it had only been upon arrival at tempest-beta and the orbiting station that peter 's gift unexpectedly ceased . 
 at first it was unnoticeable ; but over time he began to age normally ; he started to feel things he had n't felt in so many years : vulnerable , fearful ... weak . 
 unable to leave , and without the power to force his way off the station , he was totally and utterly helpless . 
 though he knew something was interesting about the station , something within which had even stripped him of the power to heal , he could never have guessed the evil they had woken . 
 kramer 's hand rested on his stiff shoulder and the beast 's unmistakable hiss filled the black-walled room as the light flared on and off , forcing peter to step back . 
 ` captain berenguer , ' the professor said . 
 ` dathlan , are you all right ? ' 
 ` yes ... err ... yes , i am , ' peter replied tentatively . 
 but it was not him speaking . 
 somebody was using his voice . 
 dathlan berenguer : the previous captain of erebus station . 
 no ! 
 ` now you have seen for yourself a physical sample of the fifteen specimens , ' lesper said , ` we need your go ahead for the trial . ' 
 ` what trial ? ' 
 peter asked . 
 ` subject sixteen , ' kramer answered . 
 ` i was under the impression you 'd read the file we delivered you . ' 
 peter frowned . 
 ` i did . 
 but i assumed it was all hypothetical . 
 you ca n't really be ready to try that thing on humans ! ' 
 ` ready , equipped , and more than willing . ' 
 the professor paced around the table towards him , angling his head with arms folded . 
 peter , controlled by the body he currently occupied , took a deep breath . 
 ` no . ' 
 kramer unfolded his arms and began tapping his face-covering as though beating out the rapid rhythm in his chest . 
 ` we can not do this without your support , dathlan . ' 
 peter thought quickly . 
 he was not in control because this was n't really happening ; he was suffering a vision ; he was witnessing what was contained inside the beast 's mind ; the beast created on erebus . 
 but it was not a vision . 
 it was a memory . 
 he spun and moved for the exit , but kramer blocked his way . 
 ` get out of the way , xerin . ' 
 ` only when you start to see things from our point of view ! ' 
 suddenly filled with panic he opened the hatch , but kramer slammed it shut . 
 ` imagine what we could achieve ! ' 
 he said ; ` the progress we could make ! ' 
 dathlan berenguer stepped back . 
 ` but at what cost ? ' 
 lesper 's voice sounded from behind him . 
 ` we 're done persuading . 
 either he 's in or he 's out . ' 
 dathlan looked his commander in the eye . 
 ` i 'm out , ' he said . 
 ` and so are you . ' 
 slam ! 
 a fist made contact with his face , throwing him backwards . 
 as he twisted , face numb and vision dazed , he watched lesper pull a heavy metal bar from behind him . 
 he raised his hands in vain as lesper brought the bar down swiftly . 
 a dull pain preceded hell . 
 chapter eighty-nine peter opened his eyes . 
 he woke to the sound of dark , skeletal creatures , crying and calling and screaming and bounding wildly to and fro as the horned beast split in many directions at once , ripping and shredding and tearing to pieces whatever it could get its claws into . 
 blood and bone was everywhere . 
 he stood . 
 the beast spun and charged straight for him . 
 he held out his arms but nothing happened . 
 the creature continued forwards and peter threw himself to the ground ; the beast flew past him , scraping its claws across his face , and disappeared over the edge of the pit . 
 his gift had no effect . 
 but how ?! 
 peter touched the bloody wound above his eye . 
 it had n't healed ! 
 he picked himself up and charged past the remaining zinn , up the circling steps , and away from the hysterical chamber . 
 his old friend had come for him . 
 lucasta was waiting just beyond the tunnel . 
 he could still make it out alive ; but there was n't much time . 
 only minutes until the explosive detonated , burying everything beneath dense , dark , alien rock . 
 he tore through the tunnel , his returning enhanced vision lighting the way , making several metres with each leap , running faster than he had run in years . 
 in no more than a minute he arrived at the tunnel 's end . 
 and there he stopped , dazed and entranced , as the old , frail , but resilient form of lucasta stood before him . 
 she turned and stared back . 
 she no longer looked as he remembered , but the meeting of those two ancient souls was like the light cast as the sun 's rays strike the moon and splendid beauty is all that follows . 
 they rushed forwards and embraced . 
 after being apart for half a century , neither could believe it was the other stood before them . 
 he was her guide and her strength ; she was his love and protector . 
 peter could n't find the words to say , and simply held her tight , tears streaming down his flushing face . 
 she looked down at him , kissed him on the cheek , and held his face in shaking hands . 
 ` you look just like you did when we parted , peter . ' 
 ` and you lucasta ... you ... you look so ... ' ` old ? ' 
 he smiled . 
 ` lucasta , we need to leave . ' 
 ` not yet , peter . ' 
 ` we have no time -- ' ` no ! 
 i have waited long enough . 
 allow me this ! ' 
 she hugged him again . 
 her body felt frail to hold . 
 ahead , beside the collapsed craft and the titanese shuttle carrier , he saw a strange , dark-red ship , ultimatt engines loud and deep . 
 everybody but antal and anna were onboard . 
 they could finally leave . 
 lucasta leaned back and stroked his cheek , beaming broadly . 
 ` how did you know to come here ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` i received your call , at long last . 
 we were given your coordinates and i followed your life sign down here . ' 
 he could n't believe it . 
 ` lucasta , ' he said , a shudder sinking down his spine , ` i did n't send a call ... ' ` watch out ! ' 
 * * * this was it . 
 their final chance to leave . 
 but as anna felt justus ' hand push her out of the way as he cried aloud and jumped towards peter and callista , she looked up and recoiled at the sight he had already spotted . 
 a rumbling shook the ground , rattling broke upon her ears , and down the tunnel there charged countless howling forms . 
 the zinn were coming . 
 blood-thirsty and ferocious they stampeded through . 
 ` outta ' the way ! ' 
 declared a voice and from out of the crimson ship the blonde , curly-haired woman stuck her head . 
 smiling through rose-red lipstick she opened a crate within the craft and out poured a dozen barking beasts . 
 ` almuits ! ' 
 justus cried , backing away from the ramp and grasping anna rigidly . 
 the frenzied canines charged past peter and callista and tore down the tunnel at the advancing zinn , clashing in a rain of blood , fur , and bone . 
 growls and rattling howls echoed back , and the alien beings disappeared into the shadows . 
 justus laughed loudly with nerve-filled joy and anna made ready to move when she spotted something . 
 a shadow loomed . 
 her scream went silent . 
 the shadow hung over the two iástrons . 
 callista caught a glimpse and stepped back . 
 peter was thrown aside and into the cave wall . 
 ` callista ! ' 
 anna cried , reaching out , but justus held her back . 
 callista peered up at the powerful demon as it rose above her , horned head moving from side to side . 
 she did not run , but raised her arms to find nothing happened . 
 the beast knocked her back to the ground . 
 the creature , larger and greater than the beasts within erebus , advanced on the old woman . 
 it hissed piercingly and went to strike -- the ground collapsed beneath it . 
 peter marx stood tall behind the beast and stretched out both his arms , causing the ground to fall through . 
 another bellowing hiss . 
 peter clenched his fists and brought down the ceiling from above . 
 stone and debris rained down , halting the beast . 
 but it could not be stopped . 
 it rose up once more as though the rock around it was nothing but sand . 
 it moved again for callista . 
 a groaning rose above it and the smoking remains of the craft nearby soared through the air . 
 justus dove in between and pulled callista back . 
 from nearby the mountain of metal which made up the stellarstream 's shuttle also lifted ; and peter caused the two to collide , crushing the beast between them . 
 anna helped justus drag callista back towards the dark-red ship . 
 ` we have to go , ' he said . 
 ` kramer set a timer . 
 a minute or two and this whole place is gone ! ' 
 ` go ! ' 
 callista . 
 ` go inside ! ' 
 but it was not over . 
 anna watched helplessly as the dark life form tore the crafts apart like paper and emerged once more . 
 peter was stranded on the other side of the demon , which twisted and stared at him , winding its neck left to right , perverted horns casting a looming shadow across his bleeding face . 
 scarlet trickled down over his eyes ; there was nothing he could do . 
 as the beast stepped towards him peter cried , ` i know who you are ! 
 i 've seen it . 
 i know what they did to you , kramer and lesper . 
 you did n't deserve it ! ' 
 the beast stopped . 
 ` you are no demon ! ' 
 peter screamed . 
 ` you are the captain ! 
 you are dathlan berenguer . 
 you are my friend ! ' 
 anna froze . 
 ` what ? ' 
 justus looked to her . 
 ` what 's wrong ? ' 
 ` dathlan berenguer ... my ... that 's my -- ' ` no ! ' 
 cried callista , taking hold of anna and dragging her onboard the craft . 
 ` antal ! ' 
 peter called . 
 ` you have to go ! ' 
 ` not without -- ' ` there is n't time ! 
 keep your promise ! ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 anna screamed . 
 ` we ca n't leave ! 
 peter ! ' 
 the great beast turned and perceived her silently . 
 callista pulled her back and justus stepped between them . 
 but from behind it erupted a blinding burst of flame . 
 it gushed forth from peter , consuming the beast , which turned , unthinkably enraged , and threw itself at the great leader of the iástrons , who in turn launched himself forward ; and their clash rained rock and dust throughout the cave like a storm of meteors . 
 callista drew anna back and justus wrenched the hatch closed . 
 but through the clouded porthole anna watched peter 's indomitable expression as he tussled with the creature ... her father ... and finally threw himself forward , disappearing over the edge of the cave 's precipice , dragging with him the beast . 
 ` father ! ' 
 she attempted to cry out , but no sound surfaced . 
 struggling furiously against callista 's resilient grip she realised there was nothing she could do . 
 they were going to leave peter behind . 
 she charged up to the cockpit where justus and the blonde woman now sat . 
 she fell at his knees . 
 ` please , stop ! 
 we can save him . ' 
 she looked to the woman . 
 ` we ca n't just leave him ! ' 
 but justus said nothing . 
 paying no heed to her cries he lifted the ship and pushed them through the vast , winding caverns towards the purple flashes of light in the distance . 
 tears falling down her face she stood , holding her head in her hands , crying , ` he knew my father ! 
 we need him ! 
 callista needs him ! 
 we have to go back ! ' 
 swerving through the cave 's deadly interior justus said nothing , and held his head down , focused , though he wept silently . 
 and at once a blinding flash of light called out behind . 
 everything shook . 
 anna fell the wrong way and landed on her back . 
 ` hold on ! ' 
 justus shouted . 
 anna looked up . 
 the flashes of lightning ahead called them closer , the flames and heat behind the ship pulling alongside . 
 ` come on ! ' 
 justus screamed . 
 ` come on ! ' 
 anna rolled to the side . 
 there knelt callista , who pulled her up and held her close , rocking her from side to side as they were thrown about the ship . 
 ferranti lay with gílana nearby . 
 gordian knelt beside , his head bowed down . 
 a loud and formidable drone filled the ship and the bodies of everyone onboard . 
 from the cockpit up ahead came a blinding light , and anna , leaning into callista with her head buried deep , thought and felt no more . 
 chapter ninety silence . 
 calm . 
 scenes of light and peace passed through her ; pale mountain peaks ; the gentle singing of water on rock ; folding valleys beyond flowing red fog . 
 relief flushed through her body as anna breathed slowly and gazed up at a pure white ceiling . 
 she lay still for a long time , unable to recall the events which had led her to be lying there . 
 before long a cascade of memories stormed her mind , and the full realisation of the past few hours forced her to shut her eyes . 
 when she woke again the shock was less harsh than before , though the sorrow could not be matched . 
 she sat up , having been tucked warmly into a pale-sheeted bed ; and in the silence of the room , interrupted only by the light beeping of monitoring machinery , she gazed across at her sister , who lay also in a tranquil peace . 
 just like an angel , she thought . 
 she looked to her other side , where diego ferranti slept . 
 his face was pale and covered in scalding scratches of fresh scarlet , while his arm was strung up and pointing to the ceiling . 
 carefully moving from her bed , her leg throbbing twinges of tender agony and the fair hem of her white robe sweeping along the floor as she walked , her sister 's bed took the weight of her light form . 
 she brushed the blonde hair from the sleeping girl 's eyes . 
 oh , gílana , i 'm so sorry . 
 how did i get us into that ? 
 i promise you : i will do everything in my power to protect you and the baby . 
 as she sat watching her , gílana 's eyes opened , and for one long , blissful moment they merely stared at one another . 
 ` anna . ' 
 she smiled . 
 ` how do you feel ? ' 
 gílana glanced up groggily and nodded . 
 ` i 'm okay . ' 
 anna smiled . 
 ` good . ' 
 ` gílana has a clean bill of health , ' said a kindly-looking man , standing with his arms folded in the open doorway . 
 ` whatever happened to her back there has had no permanent impact on her or the baby , as far as we can tell . 
 i 'm noah , ' he said , moving towards them . 
 ` a friend of antal . ' 
 ` is he -- ' ` he 's just fine . 
 a little too fine if you ask me , but no one ever does , so ... ' he stopped and grinned . 
 ` how 's ferranti ? ' 
 ` your captain 's doing well . 
 he 's asleep , though it 's exhaustion for the most part keeping him down now . ' 
 ` and callista ? ' 
 ` better than ever , ' he said . 
 ` everyone is . ' 
 not everyone , she thought . 
 a quiet moment followed before gílana asked the question anna had been holding back . 
 ` do we know the baby 's sex ? ' 
 ` well , i do , ' noah teased . 
 the two sisters leaned forwards expectantly . 
 ` err , well , miss berenguer , you 're going to have a little boy . ' 
 anna squeezed her sister 's hand ; they both looked at each other and beamed . 
 ` anyhow , ' he said awkwardly , ` i 'll leave you two to it . ' 
 and he shuffled from the room , closing the door softly behind him . 
 without hesitation gílana threw herself forward , and anna embraced her firmly . 
 she held her for a few minutes in a calm and peaceful silence . 
 they were safe . 
 for the first time in so long she could relax knowing everything was going to be okay . 
 ` i 'm so sorry , ' her little sister wept . 
 ` jon and i -- ' ` so he is the father ? ' 
 gílana nodded , head down . 
 ` say nothing more of it , ' anna said . 
 ` you and the baby are out of harm 's way , and we 're going home . 
 that 's all that matters to me anymore . ' 
 ` yes , ' gílana said . 
 ` yes , you 're right . ' 
 * * * noah nuveen walked across the stellarstream 's open dock and made for the crimson ship . 
 sat upon the rear ramp was the craft 's crew ; and noah gave his captain a low nod . 
 justus smiled back . 
 anna and gílana were fine . 
 good , justus thought , before clearing his throat and gazing down at his friends . 
 ` ahem , everyone hear me ? 
 noah , you listening ? ' 
 ` always , ' noah answered , sitting down on a metal crate and grinning nervously as a towering shree stretched her arms around him and placed her purple , fluffy hat on his head . 
 ` good . ' 
 he looked at each member of the group before him . 
 beside noah and shree , dimal stood next to raj , who had been explaining the theory of space travel to an excited aíron veryan . 
 sat upon another loading crate , she laughed and shook her head constantly in disbelief . 
 ` before you start drinking , ' he said , ` where you 'll no doubt forget this conversation anyway , i just want to start by saying what a complete and utter buffoon i am . ' 
 no one answered , though dimal nodded tactlessly . 
 ` i should never have left you , ' he said . 
 ` and if it 's any kind of solace i 've been through hell these past weeks . 
 every moment of it i wanted to be back with you . 
 i pushed you away when all i wanted to do was pull you closer . ' 
 ` i get it , ' raj said . 
 ` me and shree forgive you . ' 
 ` it 's just that easy ? ' 
 dimal said , nudging noah out of the way and sitting upon the box instead . 
 ` nice suck-up routine . 
 practise it much ? ' 
 ` all night . ' 
 ` well i for one would be honoured to have you back , ' noah said , fighting off purple feathers . 
 ` in the last week alone i 've been shot , stunned , slapped , and thrown from a sixty-storey tower ! ' 
 ` you 'd make a good captain , ' dimal mumbled with a smirk , and the others laughed . 
 noah shrugged off the taunts . 
 ` aside from your new haircut , ' he said , ` which i think suits you more than the dirty old mop , while you were gone i was forced into more than my fair share of reckless exploits ! ' 
 ` you made a brilliant action hero ! ' 
 raj laughed . 
 ` that 's what scares me . ' 
 justus smiled , simply happy to be back where he was meant to be . 
 he looked to aíron veryan . 
 ` and you . ' 
 she blushed and gazed at her feet . 
 ` you saved our skin back there . 
 you 're definitely worth more than most . 
 as far as i 'm concerned , ' he said , looking to dimal , who nodded her agreement , ` you 've earned your place on the flux . ' 
 the red-haired girl beamed and clenched her fists in exhilaration . 
 ` just remember , aíron , that life here is n't all blaster-wielding bar brawls . 
 it 's hard , and -- ' he looked to dimal again , and then to his tattered boots ` -- you 're not here to replace kaara . 
 understand that . ' 
 ` i do , ' she squeaked . 
 ` and by the way , ' dimal said , focusing her attention on a grinning rajkumar , ` do n't lie to me again . 
 i know it was you who let aíron hide on board . 
 i think maybe it 's ration duty for you for the next month . ' 
 raj rolled his eyes and smirked at aíron , before clapping his hands together . 
 ` well , all 's well that ends well . 
 now can we drink ? ' 
 ` there 's just one more thing , ' justus said . 
 ` something important . ' 
 chapter ninety-one ` fear of loss . 
 fear of losing oneself . 
 fear of losing one 's dreams . 
 all can lead us to insane decisions and actions . ' 
 callista stared across the empty dining table at anna and justus early next morning . 
 ` but have no regrets . 
 things have a way of not turning out the way you expected . 
 the journey 's not yet over . ' 
 the two nodded and glanced to each other . 
 justus had just finished revealing to them the moon and triangle mark upon his left wrist , and had explained all he could of edgar mokrikov 's silver journal . 
 it was now safe within callista 's cloak , and she would have it translated from rovaña as soon as she was able . 
 ` so much confusion , ' the old woman said . 
 ` so much scheming and conspiring . 
 but now we must decide where our destinations lie . 
 you must both look forwards now , not back . ' 
 anna took a deep breath . 
 ` i 'm sorry for what i 've done . 
 i 'm sorry i brought gílana with me and caused so much evil . ' 
 ` whatever you have caused , child , not an ounce of it was of evil intent or doing . 
 but i must accept a great portion of the blame . 
 if i had given you more guidance , perhaps you would n't have felt so lost , and would never have considered leaving . 
 and for that i 'm sorry . ' 
 ` even still , ' she said . 
 ` i was foolish to think that running away from titan would solve my problems . 
 if my uncle says i 'm not ready to join the titanese guard then i 'm not ready . 
 i just have to wait until he decides i am . ' 
 the old iástron felt a great sense of pride swell within her at anna 's words , and she smiled kindly to let her know that . 
 she chose not to tell her the devastating news given to her from adra dimal that her uncle had taken titan to war in her absence . 
 not yet anyway . 
 she herself was unsure of whether ruben had scored successful backing to do so . 
 the systems were once again at war . 
 now along all paths the future was uncertain . 
 ` besides , ' anna said , ` we 'll soon have a new baby in the family . 
 gílana needs me now more than ever . ' 
 ` that she does , ' callista said , before turning to justus . 
 ` and what about you ? 
 will you return to titan with us ? 
 i 'm sure you 'd be very welcome , and much needed . 
 and i 've gotten to know your rabble-of-a-crew quite well . 
 they 're certainly an interesting lot ! ' 
 ` interesting is one word , ' he said . 
 ` i 've never felt closer to a group of people . 
 and being away from them these past weeks has made me realise it . 
 they 'd stand by me in anything . 
 i should never have left them . 
 ` but , ' he said , fixing his gaze on anna , ` it 's for that reason that i ca n't go to titan with you . 
 my crew has agreed to return to earth with me , so i 'm going back . ' 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 anna asked , the disappointment evident in both her voice and expression . 
 ` more than i 've been about anything , ' he said . 
 ` you 've stopped running . 
 i have to stop too . 
 plus ... ' he hesitated . 
 ` plus ? ' 
 callista prompted . 
 justus thought carefully . 
 ` plus ... peter said something to me back below tempest-beta . 
 the things happening on erebus did n't begin on that station . 
 those responsible are still out there , and if the beasts and the zinn are n't the only creatures out there then this is n't over . 
 peter said to me , `` the moon is our ally , antal . 
 seek the answers on earth . '' 
 i do n't know what he meant , but -- ' ` well if peter marx told you to go to earth , ' callista cut in , ` then there 's no doubt you must do so ! ' 
 he nodded . 
 ` i have to make sure that peter 's sacrifice was n't worthless . 
 that it was n't in vain . ' 
 the moon is our ally . 
 callista had no idea what it meant . 
 that disturbed her almost as much as her own journey . 
 the elderly man dimal had met on mars had sent the flux for her . 
 he 'd known of her presence on titan as well as where to send them for peter , anna , and justus . 
 so who sent the call when it had obviously not been her master ? 
 the old iástron , though troubled by this , had lived long enough to know that if something was meant to be known , she eventually would discover it . 
 patience is all it would take . 
 ` that , ' she said , shaking herself awake , ` is your own quest , antal ; a pursuit you must take on your own . 
 be careful . 
 you can trust no one . 
 but the pressing question we must now ask is what we are going to do about your echo . ' 
 justus frowned . 
 ` my what ? ' 
 ` your gift from peter . 
 i sense you 've received an echo of the master 's gift . 
 you touched him , did you not ? ' 
 ` as we parted , ' he said , nodding , ` we clasped hands . 
 i had n't even thought about it . ' 
 ` understandable , ' callista said , ` given the moment . ' 
 ` what will he do ? ' 
 anna asked . 
 ` he will go to earth . 
 he will do as peter said . 
 and if he is meant to , then he will use his power for whatever purpose he chooses . ' 
 ` is there any hope ? ' 
 anna asked . 
 ` for peter , i mean . 
 the stories said he could n't die , that he was immortal . ' 
 callista bowed her head . 
 ` if he survived the explosion , which at this moment is so unlikely , he would still be buried beneath tonnes and tonnes of rock , rubble , and dirt . 
 immortal he can still be ... ' she closed her eyes ` ... crushed , and ... and even then he 's on a hostile world in a system with little sunlight , millions of miles from human civilization . 
 i do not think there is much hope , but right now there is nothing we can do but leave . ' 
 ` it 's what he wanted us to do , ' justus said . 
 ` you 're right , antal . ' 
 anna opened her mouth , but quickly closed it and looked down . 
 ` what is it , child ? ' 
 ` it 's not important , ' she said . 
 ` not now . ' 
 ` if ever there was a time , it would be now . 
 speak . ' 
 anna sighed lengthily . 
 ` it was something ferranti said . 
 it 's been a thought that 's bothered me , especially since the orb from our dreams , inside erebus . ' 
 ` go ahead . ' 
 ` ultimatter , ' she said . 
 ` what of it ? ' 
 ` where does it come from ? ' 
 callista laughed . 
 ` i think you already know the answer to your question , anna . ' 
 ` where ? ' 
 said justus . 
 ` where does it come from ? ' 
 ` well , ' anna said . 
 ` i think she means peter . ' 
 ` peter ? 
 really ? ' 
 callista smiled , and looked down . 
 it was an astounding fact she 'd long forgotten . 
 ` petra marka , ' she said . 
 ` two-thousand years ago he was influential in the foundation of ultimatter technology . 
 an everlasting power source . 
 petra marka is of course peter marx . ' 
 justus lay back in his chair . 
 ` so his gift ... ' ` is how he did it , yes . 
 the same life force that ran through the veins of the iástron people , the very power that flows through me , and now you , antal , is that power . 
 the very same power that peter marx , so long ago , shared with all humankind . ' 
 chapter ninety-two a merry waltz rang through the halls of the stellarstream that night , the second night in a row , and it was joined by the sound of laughing , music , singing , and drinking . 
 the captain of the ship had woken from his unwitting sleep thirsting for a bottle or two of his favourite wine ; and though noah and callista had patched up his broken arm , ferranti nevertheless committed himself to making the most of consciousness before the return home . 
 it seemed the crew of the flux was more than willing to aid him in this endeavour , and after the previous weeks ' adventures , though they could hardly be logged as such , ferranti left the berenguer girls safely in the medical bay and joined the crew of the crimson flux in his quarters . 
 as the early hours set in , the stellarstream 's guests said a hiccup-filled goodnight and headed for their bunks , leaving ferranti sat in one corner , with a now silent gordian in the other . 
 amid the discomfited stillness , the latter stood and went to leave for his room . 
 ferranti stood also , and walking quickly blocked the open door . 
 silent and grim , gordian took hold of his unbroken arm . 
 the other , wrapped tightly in a sling , spiked into painful spasm . 
 ` gordian , ' he said , ` we need to talk . ' 
 ` yes , i think we do . ' 
 he released the captain 's arm . 
 ` come with me . ' 
 ferranti led him from his private quarters ; down deeper into the vessel , knowing perfectly that the crilshan knew where they were going . 
 after minutes of nothing but silence the two entered the holding area , and looked down at the clear , reinforced cube-caging , fully exposed on all sides . 
 within sat xerin kramer and avéne ketrass . 
 ferranti watched gordian 's eyes widen at the small cells . 
 he knew he could n't trust the assassin , regardless of whether he had saved his life down on the lightning planet or not . 
 but he also could n't deny that he needed his help if he was going to get the vessel back to titan . 
 alone he could n't do it , but together they would have a chance . 
 for several minutes they stood still , ill at ease . 
 then , out of the quiet , gordian attempted to speak , seeming to stumble with his words , searching for something to say . 
 eventually he murmured , ` i was seconded . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` my lords sent me away . 
 i was seconded to another order . 
 i was given a mission . 
 i do n't know who by . 
 i was told to stop titan sending aid to rotavar , and to remove berenguer 's family . ' 
 he looked up into ferranti 's eyes . 
 ` what do you want me to say , gordian ? 
 that all is forgiven ? 
 that the past is the past and the future unsoiled ? ' 
 ` no , ' he said . 
 ` i just ca n't be locked up again . 
 i can not . 
 all my life i 've been a slave to the system , to crilshar . 
 i 've done terrible things for that system . 
 but i 've never been part of it . 
 i fooled myself into thinking that it was what i wanted . ' 
 ` but it 's not ? ' 
 perhaps the crilshan had woken up . 
 seeing what they all saw down on that planet would be enough to change anyone 's view . 
 ` i want to trust you , ' ferranti said . 
 ` but that does n't mean i do . 
 we got the girls back though . 
 you kept your word , so i 'll keep mine . ' 
 ` what will become of them ? ' 
 he asked , nodding towards the clear cage . 
 ferranti shrugged . 
 ` time will tell . 
 when we return to titan i imagine they 'll be pressed for information on what was happening back there . 
 the alignment will be forced to act after we provide our evidence . ' 
 ` and what will become of us ? ' 
 ` you too may be called upon , gordian . 
 for the moment , however , the pact we made on the way down to tempest-beta is finished . ' 
 ` then i suggest we make a new one , captain . ' 
 ` go on . ' 
 ` together , we pilot the vessel back to titan . 
 the lieutenant and i did it , and with both our expertise it wo n't be easy , but it will be possible . 
 once we 're there , you set me free . ' 
 ` and where then will you go ? ' 
 ` far away , ' gordian said . 
 ` what we saw down there has given us all perspective . 
 i 've existed surrounded by nothing but war and chaos . 
 i do n't want it anymore . 
 when we get to titan , we go our separate ways . ' 
 ferranti nodded , eyes dimmed . 
 ` so be it . ' 
 * * * ketrass watched the crilshan gordian through the clear walls of the holding cell . 
 he and the blond captain had been talking for some minutes out there . 
 now and then the crilshan had glanced in her direction as though she could hear what they said . 
 she could n't . 
 when the exchange ended , the titanese captain turned and gordian went to follow , a sickly sneer sweeping across his pale features , his dark eyes , and his thick line-scar . 
 he winked at her and was gone . 
 ` avéne , ' kramer groaned from behind her . 
 ` avéne , please look at me . ' 
 he reached for her shoulder . 
 she shrugged him off and sighed . 
 ` just tell me that this was meant to happen , ' she said . 
 ` after all these years , tell me it was n't for nothing . ' 
 ` you always trusted me , ' he said . 
 ` when no one else did you saw that i knew what i was doing . ' 
 she turned to him and stared at his eye -- she had n't noticed it was green before -- the other masked once more by the dark metal covering ; and she glanced down at his dressed stub-of-a-hand . 
 ` you were right . ' 
 ` no , ' she said . 
 ` you were never in control . 
 stop deluding yourself , just once ! ' 
 he leaned in close and brought his lips to her ear . 
 ` we were never going to get away . 
 if we had run they would have found us eventually , with or without peter marx , whether we 'd fled to the far corners of the alignment or to titan itself . 
 but the research we did on erebus has to remain hidden . 
 that 's what matters now . 
 i understand that . 
 and so do you . ' 
 ` you have the research ? ' 
 he nodded . 
 ` where ? ' 
 kramer raised a single thin finger and brought it up to his dark metal face covering . 
 tap , tap , tap ... tap , tap , tap . 
 ketrass smiled . 
 ` it 's in there ? ' 
 ` yes , avéne . 
 we will fight the evil we uncovered . 
 and as long as the research remains hidden , as long as all that we discovered these past years is kept safe , unseen , and ready for us to use when the time comes , there is a chance . ' 
 avéne ketrass nodded . 
 ` then i 'm with you . ' 
 chapter ninety-three antal justus ' blue-eyed gaze met with anna 's . 
 his ship and crew stood waiting behind him , prepped , supplied , and all set to depart for earth . 
 ` i do n't know what to say , anna . ' 
 ` you do n't have to say anything . ' 
 ` but i ... i feel as though i should . 
 i know i should . ' 
 ` tell me what you feel . ' 
 ` i 'm glad i met you , anna . ' 
 ` and i 'm glad i met you . ' 
 ` i 'm truly sorry about your father . ' 
 she smiled weakly and looked away , forcing herself to forget the creature 's face . 
 she focused on the crew of the crimson flux on the other side of the stellarstream 's cargo hold , now saying goodbye to captain ferranti . 
 noah and the giant woman were climbing aboard , while the young man and red-headed girl smiled and laughed . 
 ` what did callista say ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` was it really your father down there ? ' 
 anna nodded weakly . 
 callista had spoken to xerin kramer , who had explained that her father , dathlan , had been part of the erebus project for the past ten years . 
 though who or what had stopped him from contacting his home and family in all that time remained a mystery . 
 ` like i say , i 'm sorry . ' 
 ` it 's all right . ' 
 he reached out and held her cheek . 
 ` at least i know the truth now . 
 at least i know you 're one of the legendary berenguers , and not a driad . ' 
 ` do n't i look like a driad ? ' 
 ` no , ' he said . 
 ` you look like a legendary berenguer . ' 
 ` i 'm not legendary , i 'm stupid . 
 i ran away from home . 
 i 'm a coward . ' 
 ` no . 
 you 're the bravest girl i 've ever met , ' he said with a gentle smile . 
 ` your uncle is proud to have a niece like you . 
 and i 'm certain your absence will have proven that to him . ' 
 anna looked deeper into his eyes , and resolved to attempt one final time . 
 ` you 're sure you wo n't come back with us ? ' 
 ` i ca n't , ' he said . 
 ` but maybe i 'll get to visit you once i 've confronted my own demons , and hopefully not those of the horned variety . ' 
 ` you 'd be welcome anytime , ' she said . 
 ` night or day . 
 it 's because of you that i 'm still here . ' 
 ` no , anna . 
 absolutely not ! 
 it was you that saved me . 
 i did something terrible . 
 and you saved me from myself , from the dark void i have within me , something no one else could have done . ' 
 anna smiled , and watched his lips . 
 ` erebus has ascended , ' he said quietly , reaching down and taking her hand to peer upon the black band still binding her wrist , ` but the mystery of the gilaxiad is something we have yet to solve . 
 i think we 're destined to meet again . ' 
 and with that he leaned forward and kissed her on her forehead . 
 she squeezed his shoulder and then punched him light-heartedly . 
 they laughed and for a moment she felt a little like her old self again ; though she knew it would be impossible to go back to the way things were . 
 too much had changed . 
 * * * as anna stood for what would perhaps be the last time at the viewing platform of the stellarstream , gazing out into the depths of deep space , the crimson flux drifted away from the interstellar vessel . 
 the lightning planet was now a small sphere of light in the deepening distance . 
 nobody was about ; all was quiet . 
 no serenity coaching . 
 no captain or callista , no gordian or gílana . 
 she watched the flux pass slowly by before it made the leap back toward civilization , disappearing into the dark ocean as the ship 's ultimatt engines were kicked into full capacity . 
 she looked down and flexed her hand , unable to feel anything past the wrist around which the black-burnished band wrapped in veined , almost alien-like strands . 
 justus was right . 
 they would meet again . 
 she knew they would . 
 he had saved her on erebus ; he had been with her as it had risen and fallen and done all that he could to see her to safety . 
 and so did peter . 
 now gazing at a sight more beautiful than even the domes of titan had appeared , anna experienced a moment of utter clarity ; as everything around her up until now had seemed absolutely hopeless , a pale , lingering light like that of the sun reaching her home now so far away , she closed her eyes , and for some strange reason , for which she could not fathom , she smiled . 
 as she wiped away a tear , a hand tenderly clutched her shoulder . 
 she turned to look at the grave face of callista . 
 ` come with me , ' she whispered , and led anna over to the small blue seat in the corner . 
 callista sat close and took her student 's hand . 
 ` i do n't know half of what you 've been through , ' she said . 
 ` we have much to speak about . 
 but that will all , for the moment , have to wait . 
 now i must at last tell you the truth , anna . ' 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 ` i finished translating the silver journal . ' 
 ` did you read it ? ' 
 ` yes , but do n't make me tell you what it said ... not yet . ' 
 ` all right , callista . ' 
 ` we 're going home , child . 
 but to what , i do not know . 
 something has happened . 
 i need my people more than ever . ' 
 anna grasped the old woman 's hand . 
 ` what it is ? ' 
 ` i do n't know for sure . 
 in our absence your uncle , it seems , has raced into what i believe to be a trap . ' 
 ` a trap ? 
 set by whom ? ' 
 ` somebody i believed to be dead . 
 a young boy , scared and angry , now an old man , bitter and powerful . 
 edgar mokrikov 's diary explains it all . 
 i thought i was the last one . ' 
 ` but you 're not ? ' 
 callista looked at her carefully . 
 ` no , anna . 
 not anymore . ' 
 ` callista , i -- ' ` our lives are littered with golden moments , ' she whispered , looking into anna 's eyes , her own filled with tears . 
 ` this will be one . 
 close your eyes . ' 
 she did so , breathing out slowly . 
 ` now imagine something for me , ' the old woman said . 
 ` do n't think too much . 
 do n't allow your mind to wander . 
 simply close your eyes . 
 now conjure the image of a corridor in your mind 's eye ... it is long , bare , straight , and narrow . 
 there 's only silence and the lights flicker , offering split seconds of alternating vision and dreaded darkness . 
 you see this image ? ' 
 she nodded . 
 ` good . 
 ahead you suddenly see something move . 
 it is a dark creature so utterly terrifying that your blood freezes and your ... your heart turns to stone . 
 it races towards you faster than you can run away , carrying a shrieking hiss which freezes you in your place . ' 
 anna shuddered at the thought , at the memory , but held her eyes closed , her mind focused . 
 ` you now have but three choices : to turn and run back down the passage you came from , or to take one of the unknown paths leading off to either side . 
 or else you can charge straight ahead at the creature , at the beast , and hope beyond all hope that it is that which flees first . 
 the choice , anna , is yours alone . ' 
 anna looked down at the ground , and the words she spoke next came to her from within ; and she found that she did not even have to think about the answer . 
 it was already there . 
 ` i run nowhere , ' she said . 
 ` i defeat that fear by standing firm , and realising that the beast in front of me ... is the one in my mind . 
 there was never any tunnel that could lead me to safety . ' 
 she opened her eyes and looked at callista , who also opened hers . 
 she smiled , tears running down the curves of her ancient face . 
 ` i ca n't run from my dreams . 
 i just need to listen to the guidance they give me . ' 
 and in the end anna saw the truth of it : she had been so afraid of being trapped on titan all her life that when she finally realised her true fear , to lose her little sister and never return home , her mistakes seemed so clear . 
 and because of that , though she knew not what was to come , her heart told her she could face it . 
 ` good , ' callista said , smiling . 
 ` now you 're ready . ' 
 anna gazed into the old woman 's glistening eyes . 
 ` ready for what ? ' 
 ` my child , ' she said , ` to become a iástron . ' 
 ` what ? 
 how ? ' 
 ` you too have an echo . ' 
 ` what ? 
 i ca n't . 
 i did n't touch peter . ' 
 ` no , ' she said , ` but he touched you . ' 
 ` i do n't understand . ' 
 ` you , along with everyone else , assume that to be touched by peter marx means only to connect physically . 
 but the truth is a secret of which very few are aware . 
 for that was how i received my echo from that wonderful man . ' 
 ` how ? ' 
 callista smiled with a warmth deeper than anything anna had ever seen in her . 
 ` you cried for peter , ' she said . 
 ` you shed genuine tears , not through guilt or regret , but love . 
 something more powerful than any gift you could ever receive . 
 and now , anna , after all that has befallen us , after all that you have seen and done , i sense his echo ... his gift ... his light ... in you . ' 
 about the author james dunn is a freelance writer and author of the gilaxiad series . 
 he lives in manchester , uk , where he spends a good deal of his time reading , writing , daydreaming , and describing himself in the third person . 
 inspired by writers such as conan doyle , tolkien , asimov , and crichton , he hopes to continue writing for as long as he can grasp a pen , and further still . 
 you can contact james at gilaxiad@gmail.com . 
 now available : the gilaxiad series iástron -lrb- volume i of the gilaxiad -rrb- vontaura -lrb- volume ii of the gilaxiad -rrb- coming 2014 : masterium -lrb- volume iii of the gilaxiad -rrb- 
