 journal entry : 01/22/2011 hello . 
 my name is james peter matthews . 
 as you might guess from my name , my parents are pretty religious . 
 trust me -- you do n't know the half of it . 
 my parents are proud members of the first baptist church of hillsboro -lrb- oh and for the record , there are no second or third baptist churches in hillsboro -rrb- . 
 mom and dad are rabid church goers . 
 they go every sunday -lrb- even when on vacation -rrb- , they go to bible study , they teach sunday school , volunteer at the soup kitchen , participate in prayer chains , and the whole bit . 
 my parents dragged me and my three brothers and two sisters to church every sunday for as long as i can remember . 
 i had the whole god nonsense drilled into me from the time i could talk . 
 oh do n't get me wrong , it was n't all bad . 
 the cookies and kool-aid that they served at bible school were actually pretty good . 
 and i also had fun creating some cool crafts out of kernels of corn , but beyond that , it all blew chunks . 
 when i finally went off to college , my beloved tech university , i said sayonara to all that god garbage . 
 i was finally free . 
 ok to be honest . 
 when i started college , i still had the god-wool pulled over my eyes . 
 it was my college roommate , stan , who showed me the light , so to speak . 
 stan was as rabid an atheist , as my parents were christian . 
 i started off defending everything i was taught in church . 
 like god made the world in seven days . 
 adam was made from clay and eve from adam 's rib , and etc. . 
 but stan just picked it apart , citing modern geological findings and evolutionary science . 
 well , as you can imagine , i did n't have a leg to stand on . 
 it was n't too long before i realized the truth . 
 i was fed a load of garbage from a bunch of simple minded people who could n't accept the fact that god 's a myth , and that we are all on our own . 
 of course , it was n't until my senior year of college that i finally confessed to my parents that i was an atheist . 
 my mom cried for a month , and my name was splattered all over the church prayer lists -- please pray for james peter matthews , who has been led astray at college . 
 even my siblings were on my case about it . 
 all in all , it really ticked me off , so i vowed that i would prove to my family that god was a myth . 
 how did i attempt to do this ? 
 through science of course ! 
 unfortunately , after a couple months of trying i was still at ground zero . 
 not that i did n't come up with some excellent evidence to prove that god was a myth , like carbon dating the age of the earth and etc. . 
 it 's just my family refused to accept the evidence . 
 they would say something like , how do we know that carbon dating is really accurate ? 
 or maybe dinosaurs and man really lived at the same time . 
 or maybe god planted evidence to make you think that the earth is a lot older than it really is , just to throw the non-faithful off . 
 i was about to give up and simply write off my family as hopeless when i had a stroke of genius -- time travel . 
 i was at my fraternity 's annual pre-spring break party -lrb- january , we actually have three pre-spring break parties -rrb- , and thus i was pretty drunk when the idea came to me . 
 modern science was quickly proving that the bible was a bunch of bull , but it would still probably be decades before the job was done . 
 i did n't want to wait that long . 
 so what could i do ? 
 the answer was simple . 
 travel forward in time and bring back the evidence . 
 of course , the problem with that is time travel has n't been invented yet . 
 in fact , you can make a strong case that time travel is n't even possible . 
 however my girlfriend , beth , gave me an idea -lrb- beth was also a little drunk -rrb- . 
 `` why do n't you just send your future self an email , '' she laughed , just before throwing up on my shoes and passing out . 
 ok , yes beth had just watched `` back the future 2 , '' you know doc brown sends marty a message via western union from 1885 to 1955 . 
 anyway , as i was cleaning up the mess the idea really sank in . 
 if time travel was really possible , then sometime in the next few hundred years someone is going to discover how to do it . 
 i just needed to figure out how to get a message to someone in the future with instructions to journey back in time with sufficient evidence to prove that god 's a myth . 
 in the end , the solution was amazingly simple , which is why most people do n't think of it . 
 the next day i began researching law firms to serve as my vehicle of communication to the future . 
 the firm had to be big enough that i could be reasonably sure that it would be around in 75 years -lrb- unlike my father 's attorney who was 55 , had no partners , and already had two heart attacks -rrb- . 
 in the end , i selected the law firm of lucas , orson and scott . 
 so for $ 300 -lrb- my poker winnings from the pre-spring break poker game -rrb- , an attorney drew-up this simple message that would be delivered to my heirs after my death : to my children and/or heirs : i , james peter matthews , hereby charge you with the following request . 
 while this request may sound odd to you , please do your best to fulfill it , for it is of the upmost importance to me . 
 and if the request is successful , then its outcome would have already affected my life and if you refuse , you could be jeopardizing your own existence . 
 at some point in the future , perhaps hundreds of years from the time i write this request , 01/27/2011 , time travel will be possible . 
 if at the time you read this letter , time travel is possible , then i charge you to travel back and meet with me on thursday , 02/10/2011 , at 1:00 p.m. est in front of the tech university library . 
 i will be wearing black sunglasses and my red cardinal 's baseball cap -- enclosed are the exact geographical coordinates . 
 now the purpose of this meeting is not for you to provide me with who won the super bowl for the next fifteen years or what stocks to invest in . 
 i simply want to discuss with you the existence of god , myth or real , based on the scientific knowledge of your day . 
 if time travel is not possible in your lifetime , then i charge you to pass along this message to your heirs . 
 eventually , time travel will be possible and my request will be fulfilled . 
 i know this request sounds odd , but if you have any love for me , then please do your best to carry it out . 
 thank you and love , james peter matthews and that was it . 
 i am sure the attorney who assisted me with the letter thought i was nuts . 
 but who cares , it was done . 
 now , i simply had to wait the two weeks to see if any of my descendants would honor my requests . 
 while waiting , i vowed to myself to be especially nice to my kids and grandkids , not to mention that i planned to have a lot of them . 
 all in all , i felt pretty good about my plan . 
 i figured the chances were pretty decent that at least a couple of my children would honor my request , and hopefully one of theirs would as well and etc. . 
 so as long as time travel was possible , and the earth did n't get destroyed first , someone with the means to honor my request would eventually receive my message . 
 the only question was -- would they care enough to come visit me ? 
 journal entry : 02/10/2011 i left my apartment at approximately 12:40 p.m. to head to the tech u. library , wearing my sunglasses and cardinal 's baseball cap . 
 i chose the cardinals because : a. i am diehard st. louis cardinal 's fan ; and b. tech u. was in boston , therefore i was probably the only cardinal fan on campus . 
 after all , i wanted to standout for any visitors from the future . 
 it was a brutally cold day , with a high temperature of only seven degrees , but i did n't mind that much . 
 after all , with it being so cold there would probably be no one standing in front of the library , which would make it easier for any future visitors to spot me . 
 so you can imagine that i was stunned when i arrived and found not one , but two young men standing in front of the library , both wearing sunglasses and cardinal baseball caps . 
 ok , i admit that in my shock at seeing not one , but two guys , wearing cardinal baseball caps , that i did n't put two and two together to get the obvious four . 
 instead i was like , what the hell ! 
 what are the chances that there would be freaking two other cardinal fans standing in front of the library ? 
 if my brain had been working right , i would have realized who they must be by their sunglasses and baseball caps alone . 
 but there were more subtle hints that i missed as well ; like even though it was only seven degrees outside , they were dressed in shorts and t-shirts . 
 sure at tech u. , a student standing outside in inappropriate attire was nothing new -- but these guys were n't shivering at all . 
 they were calmly standing there , looking around , like it was a balmy 80 degrees . 
 i was about halfway to them , when they noticed me and grinned . 
 it was at this point that my mind realized the obvious and i froze in mid-step . 
 you would have thought that i would have been a little more mentally prepared , but i was n't , i was stunned . 
 i could n't move . 
 i just stood there looking at them . 
 the guys were basketball player tall , with blond , almost crew cut length hair visible underneath their ball caps . 
 they both wore nearly identical st. louis cardinal t-shirts , the only difference is one shirt read galactic baseball series champions 4011 and the other read galactic baseball series champions 4012 . 
 `` james peter matthews ? '' 
 the shorter of the two asked , stepping up to me ; he was maybe a few years younger than me . 
 i nodded and he continued , extending his right hand which i tentatively shook . 
 `` my name is aaron conner matthews and this is my cousin , jacob douglas ash . 
 we got your message . '' 
 they were both grinning broadly now and jacob added , `` i take it you are a little stunned to meet us . '' 
 `` well , i guess ... i mean ... , '' i started to reply , when a third man who i did n't notice before stepped forward . 
 the third man was nearly as tall as the other two and was perhaps in his fifties ; and he was dressed like he was going to a wedding , with blue gray suit and matching bow tie . 
 `` momentary disconcertment at meeting your future multi-millennial descendants is perfectly normal , '' the third man said . 
 `` let me introduce myself , i am professor albert phineas iii . 
 i am with the galactic timeline integrity agency , gtia . 
 and i also teach middle earth history and religious studies at cambridge . 
 i am here today as the gtia 's representative to ensure that this visit does n't pollute the time stream . '' 
 pulling out what looked like an ipad from his jacket , he continued . 
 `` not very likely , granted , but you know , agency regulations . 
 it will just be a second . '' 
 he held up the device like a camera phone and there was a flash . 
 he looked down at the results and said , `` excellent . '' 
 he then handed the device to me , `` sign here please . '' 
 looking down at the ipad i read : mr. james peter matthews : the estimated impact of this visit on your projected future results is 0.0000000000012 % from the previously observed mean . 
 however this is only an estimate based on a standard tri-timeline scan . 
 while these estimates have proven to be 100 % reliable over the previous 125 years and 1,458,645,675 time trips , no estimate can be deemed to be 100 % reliable as long as the universal constants remain unknown . 
 signing below indicates that you understand that there is a risk , though extremely small , that this visit may alter your future , either positively or negatively , from the previously observed mean . 
 designated galactic time integrity agency -lrb- gtia -rrb- representative , professor albert phineas iii will oversee this time disturbance . 
 signee also acknowledges that no future historical facts from this date , 02/10/2011 -- 06/01/2375 will be disclosed . 
 sign here . 
 `` it is just a standard galactic release form , '' professor phineas said . 
 `` you can just use your finger to sign . '' 
 `` i need to sign a release form ? '' 
 `` yes , unfortunately we still have lawyers in the future , '' the professor replied with a laugh . 
 anytime we plan an interactive time disturbance , we scan the complete timeline prior to the trip to document every single event from that moment forward . 
 we then run in-sync model scans with all the variables , planned and random , to analyze the impact of the visit . 
 we then compare the results , anything less than .01 % means that there is no noticeable impact on the time stream , and anything less than .0000001 % means that there is no noticeable impact on the targeted individual or their descendants . 
 so as you see , this visit in no way impacts your future or the future of your descendants . '' 
 `` why is the cutoff 06/01/2375 ? '' 
 i could n't help , but ask . 
 `` that is the date that mankind switches from a currency to an actions based commerce society , '' the professor replied . 
 `` it is an extremely fascinating time in man 's history . '' 
 `` actions based commerce society ? '' 
 `` yes , '' the professor replied , going into full lecture mode . 
 `` you are living in what we in the future call the currency age . 
 you buy possessions , based on government established currency . 
 you can grow that currency by investing it , loaning it , gambling it , or even inheriting it -- a totally barbaric practice . 
 to think that you actually have thousands of people in your time living in luxury off the great deeds of their parents , grandparents and beyond -- ridiculous . 
 on 06/01/2375 , currency is abandoned and mankind moves to actions based commerce . 
 it was originally promoted as deeds to dollars . '' 
 `` deeds to dollars ? '' 
 `` yes , '' the professor happily continued . 
 `` at that point forward , currency is determined by an individual 's contributions to society and is not transferable to anyone . 
 so children of great parents , need to perform their own great deeds if they want to live in luxury . '' 
 `` uh-hum , professor , '' one of my two multi-millennial offspring -lrb- as the professor had called them -rrb- , aaron broke-in . 
 `` oh right , '' the professor replied , looking a little sheepish . 
 `` i get carried away sometimes . 
 it 's just such a fascinating subject ... anyway after 06/01/2375 , knowledge of future occurrences can no longer benefit your descendants financially . 
 any other questions ? '' 
 no , i was good . 
 so i signed . 
 `` ok then , '' the professor continued . 
 `` let us move this conversation to a more appropriate venue . '' 
 and with that he motioned for me to follow them into the library . 
 the professor and my two multi-millennial offspring , aaron and jacob , led me up to the fifth floor , the archives -lrb- which was almost always empty -rrb- and into a conference room . 
 closing the door the professor produced a cone shaped cylinder . 
 the professor pressed a button on the cylinder and a green light appeared on the top of the cone . 
 the professor motioned for me to sit in one of the chairs . 
 `` this is a time cylinder , '' the professor began . 
 `` it enables us to travel both backwards and forwards in time . '' 
 and with that he placed the device on my head -- more precisely it hovered about an inch above my head . 
 the professor then pushed a button on his ipad and there was a flash -- and i was now officially a time traveler . 
 journal entry : 06/03/4013 the library conference room had vanished , and i was now standing on the front porch of a house . 
 at least i thought it was a house . 
 there were subtle differences which took my mind a few minutes to process . 
 you know , it was kind of like when you walk into your room and there is something missing , like say your green day poster . 
 you know something is off , but it takes your mind a couple minutes to figure out what 's missing . 
 that 's just how this felt . 
 the house and porch looked normal enough , just like your typical colonial house , but as i looked around at the other houses , in what i had to assume was a neighborhood , i noticed what was missing . 
 no driveways , no roads , no garages . 
 there were sidewalks and what appeared to be bike paths , and i wondered if this was really some sort of compound ; or if the world really did run out of fossil fuels , so mankind was left riding their bikes everywhere . 
 the professor , aaron , and jacob were in the process of getting up from a bench on the porch , each of them removing a time cylinder from atop their heads . 
 when i glanced above my head , my time cylinder was no longer there . 
 `` welcome to springfield , missouri , 06/03/4013 , '' the professor said , and motioned to my missing time cylinder . 
 `` the time cylinders , '' the professor continued . 
 `` project an image of yourself , either forwards or backwards in time . 
 the physical and dimensional concepts involved are more than your 21st century brain , no offense intended , can really comprehend . 
 but in essence , your mind is here in the future , while your physical body is still back in the library conference room . 
 what appears to be your body is actually a physical energy construct , pec for short . 
 it allows you to physically interact with the environment here , just like we were able to physically interact with you back in your own time . '' 
 `` uh-hum , professor , '' aaron interjected again , giving the professor a slightly exasperated look . 
 `` oh sorry , '' the professor replied , looking abashed . 
 `` my excitement has carried me away again . '' 
 gesturing to a bench and a couple chairs on the porch , he said , `` let 's sit and aaron can begin . '' 
 `` ok , '' aaron said after we were seated , motioning to a plaque that was sitting on a whicker table . 
 as aaron motioned , the plaque gently rose off the table and floated over into his hands . 
 aaron then handed the plaque to me . 
 it was my letter , neatly framed on what appeared to be black velvet . 
 in my excitement at actually meeting people from the future , i had totally forgotten why i had requested the meeting in the first place . 
 and in all honesty , now that i was here in the future , i had a million other questions besides how can i prove that god 's a myth . 
 the first was how had aaron made the letter float across the room ? 
 so i asked , and for a few minutes they humored my curiosity -- their answers blew my mind . 
 for example , the reason why there were no roads is that traveling by car was now obsolete . 
 using technology similar to the time transporters , people could instantly transport from one location to another . 
 you could even transport between planets , at least within our own solar system . 
 oh yes , by the year 4013 , mankind had achieved inter-galactic travel , and had visited a little over a third of the milky way galaxy . 
 i was surprised to learn that we had n't actually met aliens yet -- at least not intelligent life . 
 apparently mankind had now colonized over three dozen class m worlds -lrb- planets , like earth , that can support life -rrb- ; and while they all had life , likes plants , animals , insects and etc. , none of it was intelligent . 
 the most mind blowing revelation of all was that mankind , in the 3120 's , had evolved to the point that people no longer had to consume food for energy . 
 that 's right , mankind was now solar powered , drawing energy directly from the sun and people could do this even when it was cloudy . 
 in addition , as aaron had demonstrated , powers like telekinesis and flying were now common place . 
 children were usually able to fly by age two . 
 jacob showed me a video that his dad took of him as a toddler , levitating for the first time . 
 it was surreal to watch the toddler wobbly floating into his mommy 's arms . 
 i could have stayed there all day asking questions , and i wanted to , but the professor informed us that i only had a little over 50 minutes to still be in the future . 
 so it was time to get to the reason i had asked them to visit me -- evidence from the future to prove god does n't exist . 
 `` for simplicity 's sake , '' aaron began . 
 `` do you mind if jacob and me just call you grandfather ? '' 
 `` grandfather ? '' 
 `` yes , you are my 70th grandfather on my dad 's side and you 're the 70th grandfather on jacob 's mom 's side . 
 it will take a lot of time to say great 70 times . '' 
 `` why do n't you just call me james , '' i said . 
 aaron and jacob glanced at each other then back at me . 
 `` we would prefer to call you grandfather . 
 i know it may sound a little dumbar , but we think it 's important to keep it squarely in our minds that you are our forefather . 
 we 're of your direct line , we are ... well , we 're family . '' 
 well , i was n't exactly sure what dumbar meant -lrb- though i was pretty sure it was future slang for stupid -rrb- , but i nodded my head that it was ok for them to call me grandfather . 
 it was weird to have two guys , that were only a few years younger than me calling me grandpa , but since it was technically true , what the heck . 
 `` so , grandfather , '' aaron continued . 
 `` you wrote this letter to your children and it has been passed down ever since . 
 it has become , as i 'm sure you intended , a family tradition . 
 there are now over 300 copies of this letter , but this one , is the original , preserved now for all generations to see . '' 
 wow , i thought . 
 what else is there to say ? 
 `` in this letter you asked us to provide you with evidence proving or disproving that god exists , '' aaron continued . 
 `` unfortunately , we can provide you with neither . 
 but i can tell you , that just like in your time the majority of the people living today believe that god exists , or at least some divine entity . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i exclaimed , perhaps a little louder than i would have liked -lrb- ok , it was quite a bit louder than i would have liked -rrb- . 
 aaron and jacob were taken back at my rather loud response , and looked at each other in confusion . 
 professor phineas iii however merely chuckled . 
 i felt pretty guilty about my exuberant response . 
 `` i am sorry , '' i said , trying to mollify my tone a little bit . 
 `` but how is it that science has not yet proven that god is a myth ? 
 i mean you guys can travel in time . 
 you can go back and prove that the world was n't created in seven days . '' 
 aaron and jacob looked even more confused now , and the professor chuckled a little louder . 
 `` or , '' i continued , trying to sound at least a little more objective . 
 `` you should have been able to prove that all that really happened , and thus god exists . '' 
 `` the world created in seven days ? '' 
 jacob asked . 
 `` you mean like in genesis ? '' 
 i nodded my head , and jacob shared a confused look with aaron before responding , `` but the creation story in genesis is allegory , it is not an actual factual account of creation . '' 
 `` clearly the two of you did n't read all the materials i sent over , '' the professor said to aaron and jacob . 
 `` james is from a period of human history that we call the theological dark ages . 
 the majority of people in this period , at least those familiar with christianity , islam and judaism , believe that the first books of the bible were meant to be interpreted literally . '' 
 `` theological dark ages ? '' 
 i replied , confused . 
 `` what do you mean dark ages ? '' 
 i was n't very happy with the professor referring to my time period as the dark anything . 
 `` the theological dark ages , '' the professor answered . 
 `` refers to a period in mankind 's history in which theological understanding takes a step back , so to speak . 
 it starts with the protestant reformation in 1517 , though it really escalates in the 19th century and is at its peak in the 20th century -- and continues through the great reunification of 2029 . '' 
 `` takes a step back ? '' 
 i asked , still confused on what the professor was talking about . 
 `` yes , your statement on the creation story is the most famous example , '' the professor replied . 
 `` prior to the start of the theological dark ages , it was commonly accepted by theologians that the creation story was allegory , a parable . 
 saint augustine of hippo , a fourth century catholic bishop , famously wrote about this after years of study . 
 per saint augustine , god did create the universe and man , but the description in genesis was not an actual account of how it was done , but merely meant to provide the hebrews with a conceptual foundation of god and the human condition . '' 
 `` wait a minute , '' i replied . 
 `` i went to church every sunday growing up , and i can tell you that everyone in my church believes genesis is supposed to be an actual step by step account . '' 
 `` well of course they do my boy , '' the professor laughed . 
 `` you are living in the theological dark ages . '' 
 seeing my confused and frustrated look , he continued . 
 `` james , surely you can see that it would have been impossible for god to explain to the ancient hebrews -- who not only thought the world was flat , but that the stars were just holes in a doom that covered the earth -- how he created the universe . 
 their understanding of science and physics was just too limited . 
 and knowing who created the world was the important thing , not the how . 
 does that make sense ? '' 
 well i guess , in a way , it did make sense , but i still was n't convinced . 
 `` james , have you ever studied the bible ? '' 
 the professor asked . 
 `` not just read it , but actually study it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i lied . 
 i had a bible that was given to me when i was 13 , but i had never actually read it . 
 of course , i did n't want to admit that to the professor and my multi-millennial off-spring -- especially not after all these cracks about the theological dark ages . 
 `` good , '' the professor replied . 
 `` then you know that interpreting the bible is difficult . 
 especially the torah , the first five books of the christian bible . 
 to truly understand the bible you need to understand the historical context ... the culture , customs and practices of the original audience . 
 for that is who that section of the bible is written for . 
 make sense ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i replied . 
 i never really thought about it like that before , but it did make sense . 
 `` good , well one of the foundational principles of the protestant reformation was that all truth comes from the bible . 
 so the protestant movement encouraged everyone to read and interpret the bible for themselves . 
 a byproduct of this was the literaturization of western europe -- for in order to be able to read the bible , you first need to be able to read -- which is a good thing . 
 however it also resulted in a theological decline , for while you had more people reading the bible , they were not adequately trained in the study of it . 
 in addition , you had a rapid expansion of the number of churches , and the clergy for those churches in many cases came from the congregation itself -- this was especially true in america . 
 so you had a combination of a decrease in educational standards of the clergy , and more people interpreting the bible for themselves , which naturally resulted in a lot of things being misinterpreted . 
 in addition , when you add the scientific revolution to the equation , you have a perceived conflict of ideas that force both sides to extremes . '' 
 `` i assume , when you say the scientific revolution , you are referring to how science has now disproved most of the bible ? 
 why do you think i sent the letter in the first place ? 
 i was hoping the job would be completely done by this time . '' 
 ok , i did n't mean to confess that . 
 when i wrote the letter , i deliberately wrote it so that it would sound like i had an open mind . 
 my future descendants , aaron and jacob were giving me completely baffled looks . 
 the professor on the other hand , merely nodded his head like i had just proved his point . 
 `` you , james , are the perfect example of one of the extremes i was referring to , '' the professor continued . 
 `` when you attended church , was the creation story discussed much . 
 or was it mostly the new testament ? '' 
 `` well , it was the new testament ? '' 
 i grudgingly agreed . 
 `` and how much of the new testament has been disproven by the science of the 21st century ? '' 
 `` some of it has , '' i replied . 
 `` really , which parts ? '' 
 the professor asked . 
 the professor had me there . 
 i really racked my brain , but while i did n't believe any of it really happened , science had n't really disproved it . 
 it just sounded too incredible to be true . 
 `` you see , '' the professor said triumphantly . 
 `` you have gone to the extreme of believing that everything in the bible is false , just because you were taught that the first few pages in the bible were literally true . 
 which , as it turns out , were never meant to be interpreted literally . 
 there are extremists on the other side as well , who cling even harder to the notion that the creation story is literally true , out of fear that if it is not , then the entire bible must be false . '' 
 ok , i must admit that did make sense , but i still could n't accept that the creation story had simply been misinterpreted as literally true . 
 i mean , i know there are a number of people out there with no real education , acting like they 're experts on the bible -- there were several in my church . 
 but what about the pope and the bishops of the really big churches , surely they went through a lot of theological training . 
 so everyone could n't be as ignorant as the professor thought . 
 however , when i said that to the professor he merely replied , `` they are not . 
 james , here is another good example . 
 you are familiar with the big bang theory ? '' 
 i nodded my head that i was . 
 `` well in 4013 , the big bang theory is still the most commonly accepted theory on how the universe was formed . 
 so let me ask you this question . 
 in your opinion , does the big bang theory disprove the creation story in genesis ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i replied confidently . 
 now i was getting my bachelor 's degree in computer engineering , so while physics was n't my area of expertise , i felt pretty safe that the professor could n't turn this one around on me . 
 `` ok , '' the professor replied . 
 `` so would it surprise you to learn that george lemaitre , the noble prize winning physicists that authored the big bang theory , was also a roman catholic priest ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i replied . 
 i had n't expected that one . 
 `` yes , he was a catholic priest and pope pius xii enthusiastically endorsed the theory . 
 ironically , it was the scientific community who were initially skeptical , because it sounded too much like the creation story . '' 
 `` how could a priest ... the pope ... that does n't make any sense . 
 i am definitely going to have to google this when i get back home . '' 
 but one of my descendants did me one better . 
 `` computer , '' aaron stated . 
 `` display biography , george lemaitre . '' 
 a 40 inch holographic window appeared in front us , displaying george lemaitre 's bio . '' 
 `` you see , '' the professor stated . 
 `` this is the theological ignorance i was referring to , which stems from the mistaken belief that the book of genesis was meant to be interpreted literally . 
 do you see my point , or should we bring up pope john paul 's 1996 endorsement of the theory of evolution ? '' 
 `` the pope endorsed the theory of evolution ? '' 
 i replied incredulously . 
 `` what year was that ? '' 
 `` 1996 -- pope john paul ii endorsed the theory in his address to pontifical academy of sciences . 
 though more accurately you can say that he just endorsed it as a plausible scientific explanation of the evolution of life , and restated that it in no way conflicted with the creation story , which was never supposed to be interpreted literally . '' 
 `` that ca n't be right ... '' i started to say , but then once again a 40 inch holographic window appeared in front of me with the headline -- pope endorses the theory of evolution . 
 `` how come i never heard about this ? '' 
 `` well , i am sure it made the news in your time , '' the professor replied . 
 `` but it probably was n't a lead item . 
 after all in the late 20th and early 21st centuries it seems like only sex scandals and celebrity gossip grab the headlines . 
 i devote an entire section of my middle earth history class to the study of america 's bizarre fascination with brad and jolie . '' 
 ok at this point i was mentally spent , and the professor 's words troubled me . 
 i admit that much of my skepticism of the bible originated from my belief that the book of genesis was supposed to be a factual , step by step account . 
 if it was only supposed to be allegory , then ... was everything else true ? 
 `` ok , '' i said . 
 `` i will concede , at least for now , that i have mistakenly believed that the creation story was supposed to be literally true . 
 however , just because it was allegorical does not mean that there is a god , and that this is not just all some of sort of cosmic accident . '' 
 `` agreed , '' the professor stated . 
 `` it does not . 
 as aaron told you . 
 today , the year 1413 , the god question still remains unanswered . '' 
 `` but how could that be ? '' 
 i asked , genuinely confused . 
 `` i mean you can time travel . 
 why has n't someone just gone back in time and verified that moses did n't part the red sea , or that jesus did n't rise from the grave ? '' 
 `` people have , '' aaron replied . 
 `` but the results have been inconclusive . '' 
 `` how can that be ? '' 
 `` well , '' aaron replied , excitingly sitting forward in his chair . 
 i could tell this was clearly where he expected the conversation to begin . 
 `` observing historical events can be tricky . 
 first , you have to actually make it to the right place and time . 
 your directions to us were pretty specific . 
 you told us when and where , and we have very good records of your time period . 
 however , you do n't really have any of that before the 18th century . 
 the first timeologists , albert dumbar , who traveled back to observe the life of jesus was off on his calculations by only a week . 
 but that was enough for him to miss everything . 
 he came back and famously reported that jesus never existed . '' 
 `` that was a big deal , '' professor phineas said , shaking his head . 
 `` it shook the galaxy for about six months , until a rival of professor dumbar 's , professor abigail grace , made her trip back in time , actually three trips . 
 professor grace brought back proof that jesus did exist , and that poor professor dumbar had literally been at the wrong place , at the wrong time . 
 it turns out that he had rushed to publish his findings out of fear that professor grace would get there first ... poor dumbar . '' 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` complete and total ridicule , '' jacob laughed . 
 `` he was fired , stripped of his degrees . 
 it got so bad that he had to go into hiding and change his name . 
 dumbar is now in the galactic dictionary for shoddy , imprecise observation . 
 computer . '' 
 a 40 inch holograph appeared in front of us with the caption , dumbar definition . 
 it read : dumbar : shoddy , imprecise observation . 
 associated with albert dumbar 's grossly incompetent findings on the historical jesus on 10/13/3933 . 
 `` i know that may sound extreme to you , '' professor phineas said . 
 `` and perhaps it was . 
 but you have to understand that our standards for the accurate reporting of information is much higher than in your time , where the news media sensationalizes a story for ratings , and where people are somewhat casual with the truth . 
 so when dumbar published his findings they were not greeted with the same level of skepticism as they would have been in your time , instead most everyone accepted it as fact . 
 and because such a large percentage of the human race classifies themselves as christian , it was a significant blow to the collective psyche of mankind . 
 then when people found out that dumbar had selfishly rushed to publish his findings because he was afraid of being scooped ... well , people were upset . 
 very , very upset . 
 there was actually some serious talk about whether or not professor dumbar should be criminally charged . 
 so all in all , you could argue that dumbar got off easy . '' 
 ok , people in the future sounded a little uptight , but of course i did n't say that . 
 instead i asked , `` if professor grace brought back proof that jesus actually existed , then why is there still a question on whether or not god exists ? '' 
 `` because proving that jesus existed is not the same thing as proving he is divine , '' the professor replied . 
 `` even in your time there was enough historical evidence to prove that jesus existed . 
 the real question is -- was he divine ? '' 
 `` but did n't professor grace bring back proof that jesus performed miracles ? '' 
 `` no , well at least not indisputable proof , '' the professor replied . 
 `` professor ! '' 
 aaron complained . 
 `` oh , sorry aaron , '' the professor apologized . 
 `` go ahead . 
 this is your re project . '' 
 glancing down at his ipad he said , `` oh , we only have forty minutes left . '' 
 `` so grandfather , as the professor stated , '' aaron began . 
 `` while professor grace brought back visual evidence , it is not indisputable . '' 
 `` but how can that be ? '' 
 i asked , and the professor started to answer before he caught himself and let aaron respond . 
 `` because while we have visual evidence that jesus was crucified , was placed in a tomb , and three days later was not there anymore . 
 we can only view the events , we ca n't interact with them . 
 for example , we know that jesus was n't on the cross long enough for a normal , healthy person to die , but scripture acknowledges this and says that jesus was granted an early death . 
 we ca n't very well go up and perform an autopsy on him . 
 and three days later , jesus ' tomb was empty . '' 
 `` did anyone see him sneak out ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` or see someone remove his body ? '' 
 `` no , but ... '' `` well that sounds pretty conclusive to me . '' 
 `` tell grandfather about time gaps , '' jacob interjected . 
 `` i was getting to that , '' aaron replied . 
 `` so grandfather , as we were explaining to you before , your mind is here in the future , but your actual body is back in 2011 . 
 so , you really have n't traveled to the future , so much as we have transmitted your thoughts into the future . 
 well the farther back you go , the more static , interference and just plain gaps there are . 
 when you go back just a few hundred years or less , then you can pretty much record the whole event . 
 in your case , 2,000 years in our past , we are normally only able to record events in 45-90 minute intervals , with approximately the same gaps in between . 
 when you go back to jesus ' time , 4,000 + years in the past , we can only record in approximately 15 minute intervals , with an hour gap in between . 
 so timeologists are only able to document about 20 % of a given event . 
 leaving 80 % of the event unrecorded , which is a pretty significant gap . '' 
 `` i am confused , how can there be in gaps in time ? '' 
 `` well , think of time as an echo , '' aaron replied . 
 `` the closer you are to the event itself , the clearer the echo is . 
 the farther away you get , the weaker it gets , till you ca n't hear it at all . 
 the actual physics of it would be impossible for us to explain to you , even if we had a year , but does this help ? '' 
 i nodded dubiously , my ego not liking the implication that my mind could n't comprehend the physics . 
 though in retrospect they were almost assuredly correct , after all there is a 2,000 year gap in my education . 
 `` ok , as we discussed , '' aaron continued . 
 `` time travel has n't really added anything to the debate on whether or not there is a god and/or if jesus is his son . '' 
 `` oh sure , '' jacob interjected . 
 `` time travel has validated some parts of the bible and refuted others . 
 for example , jesus was born on september 22 , 4 bce , not december 25 , 1 ce . 
 and eleven years prior to the census described in the gospel of luke . 
 but jesus was still born in bethlehem , in the home of joseph 's uncle . 
 whether mary was really a virgin or not , who can say . '' 
 `` wait a minute , '' i interjected . 
 `` i will concede that it would have been impossible to explain to the early hebrews how the earth and universe were really made . 
 but now you are talking about the new testament , the core of the christian faith . 
 that has to be 100 % true , or it 's all a big sham . 
 i mean if mary did n't ride in on a donkey , give birth in a stable , with angels singing , and etc. , then it 's all a bunch of bull , period ! '' 
 the professor started chuckling again and jacob said to aaron . 
 `` wow , grandfather really is from the dark ages . '' 
 at this point , i was seriously considering smacking one of my multi-millennial grandkids . 
 `` sorry grandfather , '' jacob quickly apologized , undoubtedly sensing my mood . 
 `` it is just that the bible does n't mention how mary got to bethlehem , or angels singing in the manger . 
 those are traditions that have developed over the ages as writers and poets each added their own creative flare to the story . '' 
 `` the gospel of luke , '' the professor added , `` as with each of the four gospels , is not a historical account of the life of jesus . 
 the word gospel , means the good news . 
 the gospels are simply the proclaiming of jesus ' ministry to a specific audience . 
 for example , the gospel of matthew was written for a jewish audience ; while mark , the oldest of the gospels , was written for the romans . 
 the gospels were based on oral traditions and a couple historical accounts , three actually , that did n't even survive the first century , and that have only recently been re-discovered using time travel . 
 anyway , the authors of the gospels would understandably change aspects of the story to better relate them to the experiences of the new audience . 
 that , combined with the fact that they sometimes use different sources , is why they sometimes contradict each other . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i replied , understandably confused . 
 while a bible scholar i am not , you ca n't be dragged to a baptist church by your parents for 18 + years without picking up something . 
 so i am pretty sure that i would have remembered any obvious contradictions . 
 `` well james , once again you grew up in the theological dark ages , '' the professor replied . 
 `` you grew up thinking of the bible as one complete book when in fact it is really 66 books , give or take a book or two depending on whose version of the bible you are talking about , written by over 40 different authors . 
 because you think of it as one book , some of the contradictions are difficult to pick up on because your brain naturally rationalizes the differences . 
 for example , the gospel of matthew , which as i said was written for a jewish audience , spends a lot of time talking about how important jewish law is ; where the apostle paul in his letters , which were actually written several decades before matthew , argued that christians should not follow the jewish law at all . 
 the most obvious contradiction is that in the gospel of john , jesus is resurrected on saturday , where in the other gospels it is on sunday . 
 the gospels also disagree on who was there first , and what happed immediately after jesus ' resurrection . '' 
 `` if the books of the bible do n't agree with one another , '' i replied exasperated . 
 `` then how can they possibly be written by god ! '' 
 i was getting a little frustrated at this point , and can you really blame me ? 
 `` well james , '' the professor replied . 
 `` even in your time , actually well before your time , the consensus amongst theologians is that the bible is divinely inspired , not dictated . 
 saint augustine wrote extensively on this . 
 when the new testament canon , the 27 books of the new testament , was eventually finalized the church leaders were quite aware of the discrepancies , and were not overly troubled by them . 
 you have to remember that the people of that time were not as concerned about having all the facts correct , like they are in your day . 
 and of course light years from our standards in the 41st century . 
 to them it was the meaning that was important . 
 they recognized these books as being legitimate sources on the teachings of jesus , and when you study them as a whole you get a better understanding of god . '' 
 `` so you see grandfather , '' aaron interjected . 
 `` even the new testament is n't a completely accurate account of jesus ' ministry . 
 of course you can say the same thing of other famous people of the time , like julius caesar . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i retorted . 
 `` but caesar was n't claiming to be a god . '' 
 the professor laughed and replied , `` but julius caesar did claim to be a god . 
 or at least to be a direct descendant of the gods , as did many of the roman emperors after him . 
 it just never really caught on , historically speaking that is . '' 
 my head was beginning to hurt at this point . 
 this traveling to the future , while amazingly cool , was not turning out quite as i expected . 
 `` we can spend weeks discussing the bible , years even , '' the professor stated . 
 `` but we have other things to discuss . 
 so let 's just leave it at this , the bible has no more or less factual discrepancies then other accounts of its time , and that such discrepancies , at least by themselves , do n't invalidate the respective text . 
 now , aaron , please continue . '' 
 `` so grandfather , '' aaron said . 
 `` as i was saying , even with time travel , well time transmitting , we can not adequately respond to your query . 
 however , in your request you did ask , sort of , to have a conversation with your future descendants about whether or not god exists , based on the scientific evidence of the day . 
 so if it is ok with you . 
 that is what we propose to do ... it 's kind of my re project . '' 
 `` re project ? '' 
 `` yeah re , religious education . 
 this is my senior re project at jpm academy . '' 
 `` your project is to talk with me about whether or not god exists ? '' 
 i asked incredulously . 
 `` well grandfather you are a special case , being the school 's ... '' `` aaron ! '' 
 the professor barked . 
 `` the parameters of this time disturbance ! '' 
 `` oh , sorry professor , '' aaron replied . 
 `` but it 's not like any of this is going to change the time stream . 
 i mean , either way grandfather is still going to become ... '' `` that is beside the point , '' the professor retorted . 
 `` now you only have thirty-five minutes left , so you better move things along . '' 
 `` ok professor . 
 so grandfather ... '' aaron began , but i cut him off . 
 `` wait a minute , what do i become ? '' 
 my mind was in a whirl . 
 did i become some famous scientist ? 
 did i perhaps invent a.i ? 
 i could n't help but wonder what it was that i would do . 
 `` what did you mean when you said , being the schools ... what ? '' 
 i pressed . 
 `` did i found the school or something ? 
 is it named after me ? '' 
 the professor shot aaron a reproachful look . 
 that was it , i thought . 
 jpm academy , james peter matthews academy -- their school was named after me . 
 wow , i thought . 
 i must do something pretty awesome to get a school named after me . 
 `` ok james , '' the professor stated in a firm voice . 
 `` we , for your own benefit , are not going to tell you anything about your future . '' 
 `` because if i know too much , i could disrupt the time stream ? '' 
 `` actually no , '' the professor surprisingly replied . 
 `` in the tri-timeline scans we account for that possibility , we could let you read your complete bio now , and it would n't significantly change your future . 
 no , we will not tell you anything about your future , because it would literally make your life less exciting , for you that is . 
 it is kind of like watching a baseball game in which you already know what the outcome will be . 
 it 's just not as much fun . 
 so aaron , please continue . 
 we have a little over thirty minutes left . '' 
 `` right . 
 so grandfather , are you ready to talk about the nature of god based on the scientific knowledge of our day ? '' 
 i nodded my head , and aaron then began talking more excitedly as the professor and jacob retrieved their time transmitters . 
 `` so grandfather , '' aaron began , `` as i was saying , when it comes to god and jesus time travel has n't really proved or disproved anything . 
 the most you can say is that we 've confirmed that jesus did exist and was a religious leader -- but in the 21st century you pretty much knew that as well . 
 so what is the 41st century view on god and jesus ? 
 well , first the basics . 
 the number of people that profess to believe in some sort of divine being is approximately 95 % , compared to approximately 90 % in your time . 
 which as far as we can tell , mankind 's belief in the divine has always hovered around 90 % . 
 the real change is that now 61 % of the human race classifies themselves as christian , almost twice as many as in your time -- 24 % are muslim , approximately the same as the 21st century . 
 and the remaining 10 % are comprised of jews , hindus , and some new religions , which of course you have never heard of , like the farlandtologists . '' 
 `` now , while these numbers are interesting . 
 they basically just tell the same story , that 90 % of the human race believes in some sort of divine being , which by all accounts , is roughly the same percentage throughout human history . '' 
 yeah , i thought to myself , 90 % are sheep and only 10 % use their brains . 
 `` now as i was saying , all this maybe interesting from an academic perspective , '' aaron continued , as the professor appeared to be punching in coordinates into his ipad , and the light on each of their time cylinders blinked on . 
 `` but it does n't really tell us anything about how the science of the 41st century has influenced our understanding of the divine . '' 
 aaron , jacob , and the professor now each placed their time cylinder over their heads . 
 `` and before we can even talk about how science has influenced our understanding of the divine , we first need to bring you up to date on some of the key scientific advances of the day . 
 and the best way to do that is to show you . 
 professor , if you please . '' 
 the professor nodded his head and pushed a button on his ipad . 
 there was another flash and suddenly we were in a different dimension . 
 journal entry : out of time the porch had vanished and we were now floating through space , with twinkling stars shining around us . 
 at least i thought they were stars , but as i studied them i realized they were not stars at all . 
 instead they were tiny balls of light that grew and shrunk in size to a rhythmic pattern that i could n't hear , but somehow could feel . 
 it was the most amazing thing i have ever seen . 
 trust me when i say my description is n't doing it justice . 
 perhaps if i was a poet i could describe it better . 
 but a poet , i am not . 
 the best i can come up with is that it was kind of like being at a bar , half tanked , dancing to your favorite song . 
 like i said -- i ` m no poet . 
 as i continued to study the lights , taking in their almost hypnotic rhythm , i began to get the impression of people and places coming from each of the lights . 
 as if they were in fact doorways to faraway places , and all i had to do was will myself towards one to go through . 
 i do n't know how long we floated there before i finally ask , `` what is this place ? '' 
 `` we are floating in the time stream , '' aaron replied . 
 `` we just projected out of our universe . '' 
 `` out of the universe ? '' 
 `` well , more the fringes out it , '' aaron amended , motioning to the balls of light all around us . 
 `` this is another one of those concepts that your 21st century mind ca n't fully comprehend , but in essence , we are floating in time . '' 
 `` wow , '' was all i could mumble , as my mind tried to soak it all in . 
 the professor chuckled at my response and said , `` ok aaron and jacob , i think you have adequately proved your point . 
 now let 's take james to the observation station , he should find the station to be a little less overwhelming . '' 
 `` right professor , '' aaron replied , and the professor pushed another button on his ipad device . 
 there was another flash , and suddenly we were standing on the observation deck of some sort of space station , looking out a huge panoramic window that had to be at least 60 feet high and twice as long . 
 staring out the window i could still see the rhythmic flashing lights of the time stream , but they were now transparent , like a thin veil that separated two distinct halves . 
 on one side of the station , i could see galaxies of stars . 
 literally galaxies -- i could see the milky way and andromeda galaxies , plus thousands more . 
 on the other side , there appeared to be waves of rolling energy . 
 it kind of reminded me of pictures i had seen of the aurora borealis . 
 `` welcome to the alpha & omega observatory , '' aaron stated , gesturing to the window . 
 `` this observatory , '' aaron continued . 
 `` is located in the time stream , which borders the two halves of the universe , but it was constructed slightly out of phase so that scientist can better study the time stream and it 's interaction with the universe . '' 
 `` because it is slightly out of phase , '' the professor stated , `` you will probably not find it as overwhelming . '' 
 well that was an understatement , i thought to myself . 
 compared to the overwhelming sensory stimulation of floating in the time stream , this felt dull by comparison . 
 the fact that there were tour groups walking around , or in some cases floating by , reinforced my pedestrian impression . 
 sure , in retrospect , this was easily the second most amazing thing i had ever seen in my life , but there was a big drop off between number one and two . 
 now of course the up side of this was that since my brain was no longer getting overloaded , my mind was able to kick back into gear . 
 `` what do you mean the two halves of the universe ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` are you referring to matter and anti-matter ? '' 
 `` no , '' it was jacob that responded . 
 `` matter and anti-matter are both components of the physical plane . 
 which in your time is what mankind thinks of as the entire universe , but shortly after the great reunification of 2029 , scientists began to seriously explore a meta-physical model of the universe . 
 it apparently had started back at the turn of the 21st century with string theory , but really exploded after the great reunification . 
 you see string theory , and other scientific theories , would mathematically breakdown at a certain point ; that is , unless you factored in another plane of existence . 
 some scientists also began to seriously explore how certain religious concepts , like the soul , might work . '' 
 `` please note , '' the professor interjected . 
 `` this was not the misguided attempts of the intelligent design movement that you might be familiar with , which was primarily just an attempt to get equal footing in schools . 
 what jacob is referring to was a sincere scientific approach of exploring the workings of the universe . 
 in this case , scientists started hypothesizing that if man really had a soul , then there would have to be some connection between a person 's physical body and their spiritual . 
 if there was no connection , then a person 's memories would be completely lost when they died . 
 so , if man does have a soul , then it has to be connected to its physical body in some way . 
 there was other phenomenon , like mob mentality , that suggested human beings could be influencing one another on a non-traditional physical level . 
 so , some scientists began to seriously explore how this might work . '' 
 `` right , '' jacob said , taking back over the dialogue . 
 `` in the year 2155 , professor madison jordan , published her ground breaking theory that she titled the harmonic actuality model , which was later nicknamed by a critic as the spirit plane theory . 
 in her theory , professor jordan detailed out a mathematical model of the universe which contained two overlapping , yet independent halves -- planes . 
 while her theory had its fair share of critics , it took off and ironically the name spirit plane stuck . 
 professor jordan 's theory was n't universally accepted until the year 2545 , when physicist eliza olivia , managed to detect and record the spirit plane echoes that professor jordan 's theory predicted . '' 
 `` when you say , spirit plane , do you mean she proved heaven exists ? '' 
 i asked , my mind was starting to go numb at the idea . 
 `` no , '' jacob replied . 
 `` but that is what many people initially speculated the spirit plane was . 
 however modern scientific theory has provided us with new insights into the spirit plane . 
 as we said before , your 21st century mind can not really grasp the physics of the spirit plane , but for simplicity sake let 's just say that our universe is actually comprised of two overlapping planes . 
 the physical plane , where your body , trees ... the moon and etc. reside , and then there is what you might think of as the metaphysical or spirit plane . 
 even in the 41st century our understanding of the spirit plane is limited , for while we can observe its behavior , we can not directly study it . 
 however we do know that we are connected to it . '' 
 `` connected to it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 honestly , i found the concept a little overwhelming , and quite frankly if i was n't standing there , looking out the window at the two distinct planes of existence , i would n't have believed it . 
 `` yes , '' jacob replied . 
 `` scientists have proven that we are connected to it , and in a way to each other . 
 our connection to it is one of the reasons that mankind can now fly , and absorb energy from the sun . 
 now this does n't mean that we have proven that we have a soul , just that our brains are connected to something in the spirit plane . 
 and that it appears that information flows from our brains into the spirit plane , and recently we have found evidence which indicates that information may indeed be flowing back into us . 
 now while this does not prove that we have a soul , it is consistent with modern theories on how a soul would interact with our physical selves . 
 but like i said , there are other explanations as well . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 i asked , sincerely curious . 
 `` well , '' jacob replied . 
 `` the hardcore agnostics would point out that this could just be the equivalent of a physical to spirit plane echo . 
 we , higher intelligent life forms , could simply be creating ripples in the spirit plane , and all that we are really observing is our mental energies reverberating back to us . 
 there are other explanations as well . 
 as we stated before , we still do not understand all the universal constants . 
 so it could turn out that none of these theories are correct , or even that they are all partially correct . '' 
 `` be that as it may , '' aaron broke in . 
 `` we did n't bring grandfather to the observation station to discuss 41st century physics , which quite frankly he wo n't be able to fully grasp . '' 
 `` instead , '' aaron continued gesturing again to the panoramic view of the two halves of the universe . 
 `` we brought you here to prove that -- here -- actually exists . 
 the universe is really comprised of two halves . '' 
 `` at least two halves , '' jacob muttered . 
 `` anyway , '' aaron continued , giving jacob a slightly exasperated look . 
 `` grandfather we thought this would be an ideal spot to discuss your questions . 
 the 41st century view of god . 
 i have already given you the general statistics on how many christians , muslims and etc. there are . 
 so you know that the majority of mankind still believes in some sort of divine being , or presence , in the universe . 
 and that science , just like in your day , has neither proven nor disproven the existence of a divine being . 
 in fact , the general consensus is that it would be impossible for science to do either ; because if god does exist , then he would exist outside our universe and therefore his presence would be undetectable . '' 
 `` so grandfather , where would you like to begin ? '' 
 aaron asked . 
 `` begin ? '' 
 `` yes , which topic would you like to discuss first ? 
 i mean about the existence of god . 
 the complexity theory , suffering ... ? '' 
 i think i muttered something like , i do n't know , which i admit was a rather lame response . 
 but , like i mentioned before , now that i was here in the future all my questions about god seemed rather mundane . 
 so , i would have been happy to spend my remaining time in the future just staring out the window at the two halves of the universe . 
 of course , my multi-millennial descendants would n't be put off . 
 `` why do n't we start with a couple of the basics , '' aaron stated . 
 `` the complexity argument and the size of the universe . '' 
 `` alright , '' jacob replied , pulling out his own ipad like device , apparently to read his notes . 
 `` the complexity argument is that the universe is just too complex for it to have occurred simply on its own . 
 in the 21st century , one of the strongest cases for the complexity argument was that if the rate of acceleration after the big bang was a fraction greater or smaller than it was , the right proportions of base elements would n't have been created to support the formation of matter . 
 in short , there would have just been a bang . 
 so the argument in your time was that the chances of the rate of acceleration occurring at exactly the right speed were so small , that it was statistically zero . 
 so therefore there had to be a creator involved . '' 
 i nodded my head , though i had n't really heard that argument before . 
 i must admit that i was so tied up in thinking that the creation story was supposed to be literally true , that the idea that the big bang could have been how god did it , never even occurred to me . 
 `` well about 500 years into your future , mankind discovers how to recreate the big bang , at what you think of as the sub-atomic level , '' jacob continued . 
 i was both amazed and at the same time i was n't . 
 after all , i knew scientists were already experimenting with particle accelerators in an attempt to recreate some of the conditions of the big bang . 
 `` wait a minute , '' i said . 
 `` are you saying that mankind is in the process of creating sub-atomic universes ? '' 
 `` no , '' jacob answered . 
 `` at least not yet , scientists have run over 4,300 big bang simulations over the last 1,500 years , and the outcome has always been the same . 
 all the right elements , but nothing takes shape . 
 but what we have discovered is that the rate of expansion is constant . 
 in short , once you actually have the bang , the rate of acceleration is always the same . 
 does that make sense ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i replied . 
 `` so in the 41st century you have proven the complexity argument to be false . '' 
 `` not exactly , '' jacob continued . 
 `` scientist can create sub-atomic big bangs , but we are the initiating force , the creator if you will . 
 at this point , we still do not understand how you could have a spontaneous bang , but we do know once a big bang starts the rate of expansion is exactly the same . 
 now let 's continue . 
 in the 21st century , one of the strongest cases against the complexity argument was that the earth was so remote in the universe , and that man was basically a microbe on it . 
 in short , if there was a creator , mankind clearly was not the object of his creation . 
 in the 41st century , this has now become the strongest points for the complexity argument . 
 as we told you earlier , mankind has now achieved inter-galactic space travel . 
 we have explored almost a third of our galaxy , but none of that would have been possible if all the prime elements needed for anti-fission propulsion could n't be found in our solar system . 
 in short , without iron from mercury , carbon from venus , vibranium from jupiter and a dozen other elements , anti-fission could n't be achieved and we would have been stuck , so to speak , in our own solar system . 
 so far , ours is the only solar system that we have found that contains all the necessary elements . 
 so today , many people argue that this is indeed proof that mankind 's origin on earth was not accidental . '' 
 `` scientists also predict that we will have the entire milky way galaxy mapped out in the next 100 years , '' jacob continued . 
 `` and today we are getting back data from trans-galactic probes that were launched fifty years ago . 
 in short , the universe does n't seem quite as big to us today , as it did in your time . '' 
 `` right , '' aaron agreed . 
 `` so by the 41st century the strongest case for the complexity argument in your day is now the weakest , and what was the weakest , is now the strongest . 
 who knows , in another 2,000 years the reverse could be true . '' 
 ok , i could see their point . 
 after all the size of the universe is a matter of perspective . 
 for example , if the first homo sapiens knew how big the earth really was , it would have seemed infinite to them , but it was starting to feel a little crowded to us in the 21st century . 
 but as interesting as these arguments may be -- and i admit they were interesting -- they still did n't sway my position in the slightest . 
 `` so what topic would you like to discuss next ? '' 
 jacob asked . 
 `` soul theory , the divine truth , moral law , suffering , inverse chaos theory ... '' `` suffering , '' i replied , grasping onto a topic that i at least recognized . 
 you know , as i recall my tip into the future i think aaron , jacob , and the professor must have thought i was a little on the slow side , but in my defense , i was being bombarded with so much information that my mind was literally being overloaded . 
 i mean case in point ; i went from boston to 2000 years into the future , then to a space station on the fringes of our universe -- that was literally outside of time . 
 i mean come on , that was all mega cool , but it was also mega overwhelming . 
 so in retrospect , i did n't really care to talk about whether human suffering disproved the existence of god or not , but it was a least a topic that i was familiar with . 
 `` ok , suffering is one of the leading con arguments in your era and ours , '' aaron began . 
 `` though it really is a poor argument against the divine . '' 
 `` what do you mean it 's a poor argument ? '' 
 it was jacob who responded , `` the suffering argument is really more of a debate on the nature of god , not whether or not he exists ; because there is no logical tie between suffering and the existence of the divine . '' 
 `` right , it really is just a question on whether or not god is all powerful , all knowing and all good , '' aaron agreed . 
 `` or to put it another way , is there any meaning to suffering ? '' 
 `` meaning to suffering ? '' 
 i asked , skeptically . 
 `` yes , everyone suffers and eventually dies . 
 some people may suffer more than others , but the end result is still the same . 
 we all die . 
 the con argument , against an all good , all powerful , and all knowing god , is that suffering is meaningless and disproportionate , i.e. some people suffer a lot more than others . 
 the common christian response to these arguments are that the bible clearly tells us that we will all face trials in our lives , and that jesus himself was betrayed by his friends , tortured , and unjustly executed . 
 and that these trials push us out of our comfort zone , help us to grow , and bring us closer to god . 
 and finally , that human life is finite , we will all die , but we will live forever in the next life . '' 
 `` as you see , '' the professor added . 
 `` this question really has n't changed since your time . 
 at its core , it is still just the basic question on whether or not life has meaning . '' 
 well that was interesting , but as i said , i did n't really care that much about the suffering topic , mainly because i could see their point . 
 after all , if god did exist and there was an afterlife , then any good person that suffered and died was n't really dead . 
 so in the grand scheme of things , what difference did it really make ? 
 i know some anti-christian blogs and authors try to make a big deal of it , but i always found their arguments to be shortsighted . 
 there are plenty reasons to not believe in god without trying to apply man 's finite view of life to an infinite existence . 
 heck for all we know , how much you suffered in this life could be something to brag about in the afterlife . 
 another argument that many atheists authors and anti-christian blogs would beat the drums on was all the violence , and wars , that occur in the name of religion . 
 this was another argument that never held much sway with me . 
 i had watched enough history channel specials to know that mankind does n't need religion to justify waging war on one another . 
 sure religion has been a convenient tool to help justify a war , but mankind has always been good at coming up with reasons on why it was ok to kill or oppress other groups . 
 so , at least in my opinion , it was grossly naïve to believe that violence and war would be even marginally less if religion did n't exists . 
 so with that said , what did i want to talk about ? 
 after all , this was a once in a lifetime opportunity . 
 as i tried to gather my thoughts i looked around the observation station , and i marveled at how awe-inspiring and yet ordinary the setting was . 
 sure i was on a space station on the fringes of time and space , and that of course was awesome . 
 but as i watched the tour groups walking or floating by , i could n't help but be reminded of all those field trips i took as a kid in school . 
 many of the teenagers were goofing off , or acting like this was the lamest place in the universe , while the younger kids ran about and pointed excitedly out the window . 
 they seemed so ordinary , that it was almost laughable . 
 as i studied them , an idea began to form in my mind . 
 the people in the future maybe literally light years ahead of us in the 21st century , but in some ways they were no different than us and maybe not as advanced in others . 
 perhaps mankind in the 41st century had simply been blinded by their many achievements , and needed a little dose of 21st century practicality . 
 maybe i could be the spark from the past that could ignite the fires of enlightenment , which would lead them to the obvious conclusion that god is a myth that man invented so that we could sleep better at night . 
 `` ok , '' i began . 
 `` you make some valid points about the size of the universe and suffering . 
 however those are all beside the point . 
 the real question is why do people in the 41st century still delude themselves into believing that god really exists ? 
 i mean come on , is n't it obvious that mankind , throughout our entire history , has been looking for someone to protect us from dangerous beasts , nature , disease and of course , from each other . 
 mankind invented the concept of god as a security blanket to allow us to think there was something in this universe that could protect us from the cold harsh world . 
 the belief in god is no better than a small child pulling his blankets over his head to protect himself from the monsters under the bed . '' 
 `` in the 41st century , '' aaron replied . 
 `` we commonly referred to this argument as the great delusion . 
 and not much has changed in the last 2,000 years . 
 as you stated , there is no definite proof in the existence of the divine . 
 so it is possible that when you die you are not reborn , there is no afterlife -- you cease to exist , period . '' 
 `` yes , '' i agreed and not wanting to lose momentum , for as i learned on the debate team the best way to win an argument is to attack , attack , attack , i added . 
 `` and no offense , what confuses me is , well ... i thought people would be a lot smarter in the future . 
 i mean , i know you can fly , move stuff around with your minds , and absorb energy from the sun , but ... '' `` why do so many people delude themselves into believing in god ? '' 
 aaron continued , with a grin . 
 `` well i completed my doctoral thesis on this exact subject . '' 
 `` doctoral thesis ? '' 
 `` the educational standards of the 41st century are a little more advanced than in your time , '' the professor replied . 
 `` in the 41st century , a young person achieves the equivalent of a phd when they graduate high school . '' 
 `` high school ? '' 
 i replied , incredulously . 
 `` oh yes , '' the professor continued . 
 `` of course since everyone gets one , we do n't go around calling people doctor , like in your day . 
 but the term doctoral thesis has carried through the centuries , and the course work is equivalent to your time , actually probably a little higher . 
 so aaron here , at age 18 , has a phd in psychology and jacob a phd in physics . 
 by the time they graduate from college , they will most likely have anywhere from 4 - 6 phd degrees . '' 
 well , in the grand scheme of everything else i learned about the future , everyone having multiple phd degrees was n't really that surprising -- especially compared to the ability to fly . 
 `` ok , so as i was saying , '' aaron continued . 
 `` i completed my doctoral thesis on whether or not the concept of god was created by man 's subconscious . 
 the most famous proponent of this theory is of course sigmund freud , who speculated that mankind 's belief in god was a delusion created by our subconscious need for a supreme father figure . '' 
 this of course , i knew . 
 freud 's views on religion were often quoted by some of the atheist blogs that i read . 
 not to mention my old college roommate , stan , loved to quote freud . 
 `` however the reason his theory is so famous is not due to its acceptance by psychologists , but because freud is arguably the most famous psychologists in the history of mankind . 
 ironically , freud 's theory is widely rejected as the reason mankind believes in god , but it is accepted as why many people are atheists . 
 and freud himself is sighted as the stereotypical example . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` well , '' aaron continued . 
 `` the notion that mankind created the concept of a divine being , or beings , to serve as a father figure , sounds good , but is not historically or scientifically supported . 
 not to say that man 's desire to have life mean something , and for life not to end at death , does n't reinforce a religious mindset -- it is just not the cause . 
 for example , in your time the majority of people are born into a religious belief system . 
 they do n't just make it up . 
 and the origins of mankind 's two largest religions , christianity and islam , are historically well documented -- and clearly not the result of a need to create a supreme father figure . 
 even when you look at the earliest religious practices , many did not center on a specific divine presence , but instead on a desired behavior . 
 in fact , you can argue that most religions share a common trait on how mankind should behave . 
 some theologians have argued that this is indeed proof of a divine calling . 
 as the famous author of your time c.s. lewis , wrote ... '' `` c.s. lewis was a little before james 's time , '' the professor interjected . 
 which was true , but i had seen a couple movies based on his books . 
 `` oh , sorry , '' aaron replied . 
 `` well anyway , c.s lewis argues in his book , mere christianity , that it is the divine calling that causes mankind to search for god and establishes the moral law that we all seem to inherently know . '' 
 `` moral law ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` this is the theory that everyone is born with the inherent knowledge of right and wrong , and that in many cases it is not what we would like to do , '' aaron replied . 
 `` c.s. lewis argues that a powerful person may desire to take his neighbor 's possessions , but inherently knows that this is wrong . 
 not to say that he still would n't do it , but if he does , he would make excuses on why he was justified to do it . 
 as c.s. lewis observes , when you study the different cultures through mankind 's history you find the same moral themes in their stories , art and religions . 
 like greed is bad , charity is good , and etc. . 
 c.s. lewis argues that this repeated moral theme , a theme that at times everyone finds inconvenient or impossible to follow , is indeed proof of a divine call . 
 many also argue that this divine calling is why nearly 90 % of the population believes in a divine presence . '' 
 i have to admit that was an interesting argument , and i had never really thought about it before . 
 the human notion of fair play and the golden rule were in fact counter evolutionary behavior , meaning that such actions did n't promote the propagation of the smartest and strongest of the species . 
 however i still did n't really get how freud 's theory applied to atheism , and i asked just that . 
 `` well , '' aaron replied . 
 `` in general , you can break atheists into four basic groups : the pure-atheists -- sometimes called the religious-neutral , the anti-religious , the religious-skeptics , and the ego-atheists . 
 the pure-atheists , or religious-neutral , are individuals who arrive at their beliefs through an un-bias observation of the facts . 
 in layman terms , this simply means they are not carrying around emotional baggage that is influencing their beliefs . 
 most atheists would classify themselves in this group , but many are not . 
 in fact , someone with this mindset is much more likely to be agnostic , than an atheist . '' 
 `` the anti-religious atheists , '' aaron continued . 
 `` are people who , for a variety of different reasons , view religion , or the notion of god , in a negative light . 
 freud , who was vehemently anti-religious , is the stereotypical example of this group . 
 as the famous 22nd century psychologists cora vivian wrote , the greater their vehemence against religion the more likely their belief is a sub-conscious response to a negative set of events in their lives . 
 in the case of freud , who wrote that he disliked his father , and was a jew watching the rise of anti-semitic behavior in germany , he would understandably have a subconscious predisposition against a supreme father figure . 
 clues to this type of atheists are in their writings and behavior ; if they make angry , derogatory comments about religion , then there atheism is most likely the product of conscious or subconscious bias . '' 
 `` the religious-skeptics are generally classified as people whose atheism is driven by a subconscious fear that a divine being may not exist . 
 so in short , they give up on god before god can give up on them . 
 this is a psychological disorder that most people suffer from , to varying degrees , and often has no impact on their theistic beliefs . 
 as dr. vivian wrote , sometimes we all find that it is easier to just give up on something , than to live in fear of it giving up on us . 
 dr. vivian also wrote that many people who are raised in a particular faith will go through a period of religious skepticism as they transition from adolescence into adulthood . 
 per dr. vivian , it is very common and normal for young adults to question , and even reject for a time , many of the values and beliefs that they were taught as a child . '' 
 `` now the last group , ego-atheists , '' aaron continued . 
 `` are individuals who have a form of low self-esteem that results in their ego not accepting that anything can be smarter or more important than themselves . 
 or , that can not accept the fact that there are things beyond their ability to understand and control . 
 therefore they construct a belief system that allows them to feel that they have greater control over their own lives . '' 
 `` well i have never heard of that argument before , '' i retorted . 
 `` atheists do n't suffer from low esteem issues . 
 they are simply people who have outgrown the need for god . '' 
 `` so grandfather with all due respect , '' aaron replied . 
 `` your response is the textbook example of what dr. vivian predicts an ego-atheist would give when they are challenged on their beliefs . 
 an ego-atheist might say that they do n't need god , but that is in itself an illogical statement . 
 without god , in theory , your existence ends at death . 
 so unless you sincerely want that , you need god or at least some divine entity . 
 now you could say ... '' `` that 's not want i meant , '' i interjected , i admit a little heatedly . 
 i swear talking with my multi-millennial grandsons was almost as frustrating as talking with my parents and siblings . 
 `` what i meant , is that they have outgrown the need to believe in something to just give them comfort in their lives . 
 they can look our eventual oblivion squarely in the face and not blink . '' 
 `` well as in everything , these are general classifications , '' aaron replied . 
 `` some people fit neatly into one of them and others do not . 
 the personality that you describe could be an ego-atheist , a religious-skeptic , or even a pure atheist . 
 it just depends on what the primary driver behind their belief is . 
 your choice of the word -- need -- is telling though . 
 when you use need in this context you are referring to what you perceive is a weakness . 
 for example , if you say i do n't need other people 's approval to feel good about myself . 
 you are implying that there are people who do , and that these people have a weakness that you do not . 
 it is not just a statement of fact . 
 a pure-atheist may say something like this , but most likely would n't , they tend to be less confrontational of opposing beliefs , because their belief is n't the result of conscious or sub-conscious bias . '' 
 `` grandfather what type of atheists would you classify yourself as ? '' 
 jacob asked , with a grin . 
 yes , jacob and aaron were just as annoying as my siblings and parents , i thought . 
 of course i did n't say that to them . 
 instead i went on the offensive , `` you may have clever names for atheists , but what about the religious ? 
 how about the gullible , naïve , uneducated , deluded , fanatical and just plain nuts ? '' 
 to my surprise , aaron calmly replied , `` we do . 
 there is the ego-religious personality which , similar to the ego-atheist , is a person with a form of low self-esteem that results in a close minded -- i have to be right attitude . 
 in other words , i am the supreme authority and anyone who disagrees with me is wrong -- end of story . 
 their ego simply can not accept that they might not be correct . 
 in fact , someone with this disorder may indeed argue with people who even agree with them , because in their mind -- they have to be the supreme authority . '' 
 `` there is also the holier-than-thou personality , '' aaron continued . 
 `` which is often driven by a need to cover up their own shortcomings . '' 
 `` shortcomings ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' aaron replied . 
 `` you know , if i point out everyone else 's faults loudly enough , then maybe nobody will notice my own . 
 there are also the agenda-pushers , people who warp their religious beliefs around the social or political agendas that they want to promote . 
 now while the ego-religious , holier-than-thou personalities and agenda-pushers are the most common negative religious personality types , they only represent a small , though often loud , minority of the religious population . 
 now for the rest , we can break them into the following three categories : the immature , maturing and mature . 
 the religious immature are people who just believe what they were taught as children and never explore their faith beyond that . 
 so in a sense , they are just children in their faith , they simply believe what they are taught , and never question or explore beyond that . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said . 
 `` that sums up my family . '' 
 `` the maturing , '' aaron continued . 
 `` are individuals who have begun questioning and exploring their faith . 
 and the mature , are those individuals who have reached their theistic views after a thorough exploration of their faith . '' 
 `` what do you mean , questioning their faith ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do you mean they quit being christian or muslim for awhile ? '' 
 `` no , '' aaron replied . 
 `` though in some cases that is true , but for most it is not . 
 it just means that they make an active effort to explore their faith , not just accept what they were taught by others . '' 
 ugh , i thought to myself , as my frustration mounted . 
 `` ok , it is great that people in the 41st century have a hundred different ways to classify someone 's religious beliefs , or lack thereof , but this is n't going anywhere . 
 and quite frankly , i am still at a loss as to why people in the future could still be gullible enough to believe in god . '' 
 `` i thought people in the future would be more logical , '' i continued . 
 `` i mean , regardless of any conscious or sub-conscious drivers , or whether or not there is any value to suffering , or anything else , it is still just tap dancing around the obvious question . '' 
 `` which is ? '' 
 the professor prompted . 
 `` ok , '' i replied , rising to the challenge with what i thought was my best argument . 
 `` why would god create the universe , and then leave us with no definite proof that he exists ? 
 that just does n't make any sense . 
 therefore , how can you not conclude that god is a myth ? 
 why delude yourself ? '' 
 `` well grandfather you raise a very good point , '' aaron replied . 
 `` it 's a point that everyone must concede is a real possibility , '' jacob agreed . 
 `` but it is a little dumbar as well , no offense . '' 
 `` what jacob means , '' aaron clarified . 
 `` is while you have to concede that it is possible that the universe , regardless of how complex , was created by accident ; you also have to concede that if a divine being did create the universe that being would be infinitely smarter and wiser than ourselves , and thus could have a multitude of reasons why he would deliberately make his existence ambiguous to his creation . '' 
 `` why would god want to make his existence ambiguous ? '' 
 i retorted . 
 `` free will and trust are the two most accepted reasons , '' aaron replied . 
 `` free will and trust ? '' 
 `` sure , those arguments have been around forever ... '' aaron started to say , then , looking at me , amended it . 
 `` well , maybe not forever . '' 
 `` the free will argument , '' jacob began . 
 `` pretty much states that everyone would behave differently if they knew with 100 % certainty that an all knowing , all powerful , all good god exists . 
 think about it . 
 how different would life be in your time if everyone knew that god was watching and judging their every move ? '' 
 i had to admit that this was an intriguing question . 
 life would be completely different . 
 you would n't have ceo 's thinking of their pocketbooks first and the environment second . 
 there would be no wars , no riots , no random acts of violence . 
 `` i concede that life would be completely different , it would be nearly perfect , '' i replied . 
 `` would it be ? '' 
 the professor asked . 
 `` what is the merit , the value in somebody doing the right thing , because they know they will be punished if they do n't ? 
 also , how many people would just wait around for the almighty god to solve their problems for them , as opposed to solving it themselves ? 
 that is the free will question . 
 assuming that god created us for a purpose , a purpose beyond simply existing , then there are a multitude of reasons why god would give us free will . '' 
 `` the trust argument , '' aaron interjected . 
 `` follows the same line of reasoning as the free will argument . 
 if god created mankind for a purpose , beyond simply to exist , then in this life he must be molding us , teaching us , shaping us for that purpose . 
 c.s. lewis referred to this as the long , painful process of making us perfect . 
 the trust argument basically states that god is testing us in this life to make sure that we will do the right things , with limited power and supervision , so that we can be trusted to do more with less supervision in the next . 
 it 's kind of like a parent giving their children a small amount of freedom and responsibility . 
 once they prove they can be trusted with that , the parent gives the child more and more . 
 so that hopefully someday , they will become a responsible , trustworthy adult . 
 does that make sense ? '' 
 `` yes , i guess it does , but i think it 's a major stretch . 
 look , maybe you are right and there are a multitude of reasons why god would have created the universe and yet decide to keep his presence ambiguous . 
 but come on , occam 's razor , the simplest explanation is most likely the correct one , and the simplest explanation is that we are only here through a cosmic accident , there is no god -- we are on our own . '' 
 `` actually grandfather , '' jacob replied . 
 `` occam 's razor states that if multiple theories are more or less equal , then the one with the least new assumptions is most likely correct . 
 if you sincerely apply occam 's razor , a creator of the universe theory actually has less new assumptions than the cosmic accident theory , at least from a human perspective . '' 
 `` i am not following you at all , '' i replied . 
 `` how can you say that the universe occurring on its own has more new assumptions than god creating it ? '' 
 `` ok , '' jacob replied . 
 `` let me put it another way . 
 regardless of whether or not there is a god , we , human beings , can not fully understand how the universe could have come into being on its own -- without at least some initiating force . 
 a creator would be that initiating force . 
 some scientists have speculated on a steady state universe . '' 
 `` steady state ? '' 
 `` meaning the universe always existed -- has no beginning or end . 
 albert einstein originally included a fudge factor in his theory of relativity , to reflect a steady state model . 
 he later retracted it , and confessed that he only included it because he did n't like the idea of their being a creator . 
 anyway , a steady state universe model has been a point of speculation for 2,000 + years , but nothing more than that . 
 as in your time , the big bang theory is still the leading scientific theory on how the universe came into being . 
 many argue that the steady state theory is just an attempt to avoid the nothing-from-something argument . '' 
 `` nothing-from-something ? '' 
 `` yes , in other words , from a human perspective everything in the universe has a beginning and is created from some base elements . 
 the one exception to this is the origin of the universe itself , which as far as we can tell was created from nothing . 
 which from a human logic perspective is not possible , thus supernatural ; or to put it a different way , is a miracle -- the first miracle . '' 
 `` a miracle ? '' 
 `` sure , by definition a miracle is a beneficial event that can not be explained through our scientific understanding of the universe . 
 now to be fair , the nothing-from-something argument still exists with a creator , for where did the creator come from ? 
 so many philosophers , and now even some scientists , speculate that at some level of existence there is a steady state plane which all other planes , universes , originate from . 
 in fact , i am going to be attending a lecture next month by renowned physicist melanie avery on this very topic . 
 it is fascinating stuff . 
 in fact , when you start looking at the universal constants from a meta - ... '' `` jacob , you are getting off topic , '' aaron interjected . 
 `` grandfather is n't going to be able to comprehend the physics involved ; in fact , i do n't even pretend to understand them . '' 
 `` wait minute , '' i replied . 
 `` do you mean meta-universe or multi-verse theory ? 
 the theory that there are an infinite number of universes . '' 
 i had read a couple articles on meta-universe theory , and was at least casually familiar with the principles involved . 
 `` no , '' jacob replied . 
 `` meta-plane is the theory that our universe originates from a completely different plane of existence , whose physics are completely different from our own . 
 meta-universe is a completely different concept , which quite frankly has never gained much scientific credibility . 
 in fact , meta-universe is often cited as an example of how scientists can fall into the trap of trying to use infinity to explain the mathematically improbable . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` oh just like it sounds , '' jacob replied . 
 `` it goes back to the old complexity of the universe argument . 
 if you only have one universe , then the chances that it would form on its own at exactly the right speed to support life is statistically zero . 
 but if you have an infinite number of universes , then it would be guaranteed . 
 however , there is no scientific data to support this theory . 
 it was just a misguided attempt by some scientists to apply infinity to the equation to get the answer they wanted . 
 anyway , as we have already discussed , there is no need to get exotic to explain the rate of expansion , once you have -- the bang -- the rate of the expansion is the same . '' 
 `` are you almost finished ? '' 
 aaron complained to jacob . 
 `` we only have ten minutes left . '' 
 `` oh sorry , '' jacob replied , sheepishly . 
 `` i guess the professor is n't the only one who gets carried away sometimes . 
 anyway back to occam 's razor . 
 since the creation of the universe , either a cosmic accident or created by a divine hand , defy our ability to explain through our knowledge of the universe -- they are both by definition supernatural explanations . 
 of which , a divinely created universe actually has less new assumptions , even when you factor in that god 's existence also defies human explanation . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` sorry , i am not explaining this very well , '' jacob replied . 
 `` let me put it another way . 
 if you prescribe to a steady state model for the origin of reality , which as i said some scientists in our time do , then you acknowledge that the nature of reality so far exceeds our ability to comprehend that anything could be possible . 
 so a divine origin of the universe and accidental creation are equally valid theories . 
 now if you believe that reality had a beginning , then you believe an event occurred which resulted in either the creation of god or resulted in the universe itself . 
 by definition an event which results in the creation of one thing , has less new assumptions that an event that results in the creation of many things . 
 does that make sense ? '' 
 no , it does n't , i thought to myself . 
 i mean it does if you accept the notion that the universe coming into existence on its own was supernatural , but there was no way i was conceding that . 
 at the same time , i could see that arguing about it was pointless , so i shifted to a new line of reasoning . 
 `` look , we could argue about this all day , but the burden of proof falls onto you to prove that a mythical god exists , not me . '' 
 `` ok , grandfather , '' aaron replied . 
 `` the best argument for the divine in the 41st century is probably the best argument in your time as well -- the divine truth . 
 in short , it just feels right . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i replied , totally taken back by aaron 's statement . 
 `` oh come on , are you really telling us that in your entire life you have never felt it -- the divine truth . 
 that in all the years you went to church , or simply living life , you never felt it ... that overwhelming sense that there is more to the world than what you can see , the feeling that there is something with you , guiding you ? '' 
 `` no , of course i have n't , '' i replied , though i admit that was not a completely honest response . 
 when i was much younger , and the god-wool was still pulled over my eyes , i would have answered yes , but that was back when i was an ignorant , trusting child . 
 `` really ? '' 
 aaron asked , genuinely confused . 
 `` no , at least not since i became a thinking adult , '' i conceded . 
 `` so you mean , not in the last three years or so ? '' 
 jacob asked . 
 `` since you became an atheist ? '' 
 now in retrospect , i do n't think jacob meant that as a smart-aleck comment ; i think it was really just more of an observation , but at the time , i once again was tempted to strike one of my multi-millennial descendants . 
 of course i did n't , instead i said . 
 `` look , if you are simply telling me that some people claim to have had a religious experience in church then you are wasting your breath . 
 oh sure , i do not doubt that some christians have had religious experiences at church or in a hospital , but i am also sure that is true for jews , muslims , hindu 's as well . 
 not to mention that people can have religious like experiences playing music , looking at art and etc. . 
 so , trying to claim that god exists because some christians claim to have had a religious experience is totally ridiculous ! '' 
 `` is it really ? '' 
 aaron calmly replied . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 `` well , like i said , '' i replied . 
 `` they are jews , muslims , and hindu 's that would also claim to have religious experiences . 
 you ca n't all be right ? '' 
 `` really , why not ? '' 
 aaron replied . 
 and i was taken back by his calm , i know something that you clearly do not , attitude . 
 `` god has a plan for everyone , '' aaron continued . 
 `` not just christians or muslims or jews , but everyone . 
 god is everywhere -- his subtle call goes out to everyone . 
 the divine truth is there for anyone who can calm their mind long enough to listen , and quite frankly , even those who ca n't . 
 so the person who has a religious like experience sitting in a concert hall listening to bach , may indeed be hearing the divine call of god -- the divine truth , even if they do n't consciously realize it . 
 this is the real reason why the majority of people believe in a divine presence , they experience it in their lives , even if it is only at a subconscious level . '' 
 i was initially taken back by the absurdity of the statement . 
 `` look , '' i began . 
 `` that 's a nice thing to say , but everyone in my church would tell you that if you do n't believe that jesus is the son of god , then you are going to hell . '' 
 `` well of course they do , '' the professor chimed in with a laugh . 
 and i knew exactly what he was going to say before he said it -- `` you are from the theological dark ages . '' 
 not that again , i silently groaned to myself . 
 `` do n't worry , '' the professor said , needlessly trying to console me . 
 `` mankind is on the verge of leaving the theological dark ages . 
 in fact , the process is well on its way in your time . 
 and we have now touched on the second , and the most important truth that will lead mankind out of the theological dark ages -- heaven is for everyone . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` heaven is for everyone , '' the professor calmly repeated . 
 `` or to put it a different way , god is the god of everyone , not just jews , christians and muslims . 
 as aaron was just saying , god , jesus , or whatever other name he may go by , has a plan for everyone . 
 this truth appears throughout the bible , both old and new testament , but has gotten lost over the ages . '' 
 seeing my confused look the professor continued , `` for example , john 6:47 -- he who believes in me will have ever lasting life -- is actually a mistranslation . 
 the correct translation is -- he who follows me will have ever lasting life . 
 someone who believes that jesus is the son of god , but ignores his teaching and does evil things , is obviously not a follower of jesus . 
 where someone who is charitable , compassionate , loving is performing the will of god , and thus is a follower of jesus , even if they do n't realize it or acknowledge it . 
 jesus explicitly points this out in his parable of the good samaritan , where a wounded traveler is ignored by a priest and a levite -- holy men of god -- and yet aided by a samaritan -- a second class citizen in the minds of most jews of the time -- who tended the man 's wounds and took him to an inn to be cared for . 
 as jesus said , which of these did god 's will ? 
 this is just one of the examples from scripture that illustrate how someone can be a servant of god even if they do n't consciously realize it , or even deny it . '' 
 `` what ? 
 are you saying that an atheists who is charitable and loving , is actually a servant of god ? '' 
 `` well , in short , yes , '' the professor replied . 
 `` but unfortunately we ca n't really go into too much more detail on it . '' 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well for two reasons , '' the professor stated . 
 `` the first is that this topic ties in too closely with some of those near future events that we are not allowed to discuss with you . '' 
 `` what do you mean ... '' i started to say , when suddenly everything flashed like static on television . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that is the second reason , '' the professor replied calmly . 
 `` we are out of time . '' 
 i was momentarily taken back at this ; i did n't want to leave yet . 
 i had so many more questions . 
 `` james , it 's been a pleasure meeting you . 
 hopefully you enjoyed your trip to the future . '' 
 the professor said , extending his hand . 
 `` can i come back ? '' 
 i asked quickly . 
 `` unfortunately no , '' the professor responded . 
 `` the agency has strict rules on repeat trips . 
 aaron , jacob and their parents had to cash in a lot of deeds just to get this trip authorized . '' 
 the world flashed again . 
 this time the flash lasted a couple seconds longer . 
 `` goodbye grandfather , '' aaron said . 
 `` it was really good to meet you . 
 sorry if we could n't give you the answers you were looking for , but the truth is the truth . '' 
 `` that 's ok ... '' i started to say , then there was another flash . 
 `` goodbye grandfather , '' jacob shouted , just before the final flash , and i was suddenly back in the library conference room . 
 my time traveling was over . 
 i sat there for a couple hours afterwards , making notes on huge sheets of white paper that were in the conference room . 
 a couple days later , i decided to write it all down in this journal , making sure that i not only capture the specifics of the trip , but my emotional state as well . 
 for you see , i had an epiphany of sorts . 
 my time traveling days may be over , but this journal could be another vehicle of communication to the future . 
 after all , my letter had survived to reach the year 4013 , why could n't this journal ? 
 and who knows , maybe i will even add to this journal as the years go by . 
 journal entry : 02/10/2012 today is the one year anniversary of my trip to the future , and i 'm now in grad school at tlt institute of technology . 
 if you are wondering if my trip to the future has changed my perspective on god , let me assure you that it has n't . 
 i am still an atheist , though hopefully a smarter one . 
 since last year , i have read c.s. lewis 's `` mere christianity , '' and while parts of it are interesting , c.s. lewis arguments are not strong enough to sway me . 
 one of my bible thumping fraternity brothers , rich , loaned me a book by geneticists francis collins , `` language of god , a scientist presents evidence for belief . '' 
 that book was also interesting , though once again , it did n't sway my position . 
 however one of dr. collins 's points did resonate with me and that is -- science and religion are not opposing viewpoints . 
 they are actually completely independent of one another . 
 if you really know your theology , then you know -lrb- as i do now -rrb- that the bible does not in any way conflict with the scientific findings of today . 
 if there is a god , then he would be outside of his creation . 
 so , unless god wanted to , his presence , his actions , would be undetectable . 
 for example the big bang theory , the physics behind the big bang are the same regardless of whether or not god initiated it or it happened spontaneously on its own . 
 the problems between religion and science have occurred when people have fallen back on trying to explain the unknown by simply saying that god does it , the old god of the gaps explanations . 
 the problem with that , as dr. collins points out , is what is scientifically unexplainable today will most likely be explainable sometime in the near future . 
 those bible thumpers trying to prove god exists through intelligent design are heading down a dangerous , and all too familiar path , by needlessly trying to prove that god exists through science , they are only creating points of potential conflict and misunderstanding . 
 in short , if god exists then he exists . 
 science ca n't prove or disprove that . 
 it can only improve our understanding of ourselves , our world and our universe . 
 so , if you want to study science just to learn how the universe works , that 's awesome . 
 if you want to study science so that you can learn how god created everything , that 's cool too . 
 anyway , as i said i am still an atheist , and i am sure i will be one for the rest of my life . 
 after all , i have the professor 's assurance that my visit to the future would not change my destiny . 
 so , have i convinced my family that god is a myth ? 
 no , not even close . 
 though i have convinced a couple of my siblings that genesis is allegory -lrb- small victories -rrb- . 
 as i think back on my trip , i realize that i did n't really want evidence from the future to persuade my family -- it was to assure myself that i had made the right choice . 
 unfortunately , the future ca n't help me with that either . 
 i have to find those answers myself . 
 on a different note , grad school has been good , but a little boring . 
 tlt is not nearly as much fun as tech u. i am going out on another date with jessica tonight -lrb- beth and i broke up over the summer -rrb- . 
 this will be our third date . 
 jessica 's kind of cute , but i do n't see this relationship going anywhere , but it 's something to do . 
 journal entry : 02/12/2014 well i could n't have been more wrong about jessica -- i asked her to marry me last saturday night and she said yes !!! 
 i ca n't believe that i ever described jessica as being kind of cute . 
 she is the most beautiful , wonderful woman in the world . 
 i showed jessica my journal today . 
 i am not sure if she really believes that i have traveled in time , but she loves me enough to at least fake that she does . 
 did i mention how wonderful jessica is ? 
 if you are wondering if love has changed my perspective on god , let me assure you that it has not . 
 i am still an atheist , and i am sure that i will be one for the rest of my life . 
 jessica , who is lutheran , does n't like me saying that , but we have agreed to disagree on this one . 
 on an ironic note stan , my old college roommate -- the same one who opened my eyes on religion -- posted last week on his facebook page that he has now joined the united church of christ . 
 i thought he was joking , but he 's serious . 
 stan told me that he found god when his dad got really sick last year -lrb- apparently stan and his entire family found god -rrb- . 
 by the way , stan is a little touchy on this subject . 
 i would n't recommend telling him that he is just deluding himself -lrb- he un-friended me on facebook last week -rrb- . 
 journal entry : 03/22/2077 ok , there has been quite a gap since my last journal entry . 
 time has kind of gotten away from me -- life has a way of doing that . 
 my 97th birthday is a couple weeks away , and i intend this to be my final journal entry . 
 so , are you wondering if i am still an atheist ? 
 well , i can happily write that i am not , i 'm lutheran . 
 to be more specific , i 'm a deacon at the first lutheran church of bloomington -lrb- and no , there are no second or third lutheran churches in bloomington . -rrb- 
 so , was it my trip to the future that started me down this road ? 
 the answer is no . 
 oh , it got me to think about it . 
 but i can admit now that i was too stubborn and proud to be swayed by a 60 minute conversation , even if it was with my multi-millennial descendants . 
 no it was jessica , my wife and the mother of my eight children , who started me down the road . 
 after jessica and i got engaged , i started going to church with her . 
 i went just to spend time with her , and to make her happy . 
 i was n't converted right away , but about five years after we were married , jessica convinced me to go on a couples ' spiritual retreat . 
 i do n't know what it was about the retreat , but for the first time since i was like twelve , i felt the divine call . 
 i felt it -- as my multi-millennial grandsons would say . 
 and that was the beginning . 
 when we got back from the retreat i started off on a familiar quest to discover the truth about god , myth or real . 
 this time , unlike my trip to the future , i went in with an open mind . 
 i re-read c.s lewis and francis collins 's books , plus a dozen others -- some in favor of the divine and some not . 
 anyway , i eventually came to the conclusion that there must be a god . 
 my quest then switched to determining which religion was correct , or at least the most correct . 
 in the end , i chose christianity . 
 i officially joined my wife 's church , and twenty years later i became a deacon , yes me , a deacon . 
 and i have even published a few religious books . 
 the most popular of those was `` betting on god , '' which i will get to in a minute . 
 now you may think that my path to god was unique , but besides my trip into the future , it 's not . 
 saint augustine , bishop of hippo , left the christian church in his teens because he deemed it filled with incredulous stories , only to return to the church and become arguably one of its most important theologians . 
 c.s lewis and francis collins were both atheists before their own quests led them to christianity . 
 there are countless other examples . 
 as i said mine , minus the time travel , is not unique . 
 anyway , even with the medical advances of the past decades , i feel the years weighing heavily on me . 
 so , while my wits are still good , i wanted to record one more journal entry for my future descendants . 
 with there being such a gap between my last journal entry , i feel the need to provide a high level recap of what has been going on with christianity over the last 70 years . 
 and let me just say , it has been a remarkable time to be alive and to be part of it . 
 as phyllis tickle wrote in her book , `` the great emergence , how christianity is changing and why ? '' 
 christianity goes through a major evolution/revolution every 500 years or so . 
 the end of the 20th century and the beginning of the 21st century was one of those periods . 
 so , how has christianity changed ? 
 well , in short , we left the theological dark ages behind and entered into a new age of theological enlightenment . 
 thanks to books by francis collins and several others , a dialogue emerged , and a literal interpretation of genesis was eventually abandon by the majority of christians , leading to a renewed emphasis on understanding god 's universe through science . 
 but that was only the tip of the iceberg . 
 probably the most significant change has been a renewed emphasis on jesus ' last commandment to his disciples : `` and now i give you a new commandment : love another . 
 as i have loved you , so you must love one another . 
 if you have love for one another , then everyone will know that you are my disciples . '' 
 john -lrb- 13:34 -35 -rrb- love , not judge , condemn , scold , shun , isolate , ex-communicate or avoid . 
 just love one another -- it is such a simple , yet profound commandment . 
 christians are called to be beacons of christ 's light , his love , to the rest of the world , but that purpose had gotten lost over the ages . 
 at the dawn of the 21st century , christianity had become known more for what it was supposedly against -lrb- anti-science , anti-gay and etc. -rrb- , than what it was for . 
 thankfully that has changed . 
 the movement that would ultimately change this perception was small at first , but gradually grew and grew . 
 in fact , it really started as two separate movements that would eventually become one . 
 the movements were commonly referred to as `` show them '' and `` shine for them . '' 
 the `` show them '' movement , was basically just leading by example . 
 by the end of the 20th century , society had grown cynical over the hypocrisy practiced by many of its political , social and religious leaders . 
 mankind was looking for people who led by example . 
 for christian 's that meant not just going to church every week , or just believing that jesus was the son of god . 
 it meant being compassionate , charitable , forgiving , understanding and of course loving . 
 or to put it a different way , being christ 's light in the world . 
 so a movement started which challenged all christians to ask themselves this question -- were you a beacon of christ 's light today ? 
 now this did n't mean standing on a street corner with a megaphone reciting verses from the bible . 
 it meant treating the people who you met in your everyday life , from strangers to your family and friends , with love , understanding and compassion . 
 it is amazing how a simple question like that can have a tremendous impact on a person 's outlook , and how they treat others . 
 it eventually became a common chant for almost every denomination , from catholicism to baptist , from mormons to methodists . 
 were you a beacon of god 's love today ? 
 the other movement , `` shine for them , '' began in some of the non-denominational christian churches , and eventually spread to the mainstream ones as well . 
 the movement was a shift in tactics from spreading the good news to individuals , and getting them `` saved '' , to focusing on how to `` save '' one 's communities . 
 sure , reaching one person at a time had been the standard approach for spreading christ 's message of love and hope since the beginning of christianity , and that was still very important . 
 however , at the beginning of the 21st century , christianity has been the world 's largest religion for over 1,000 years . 
 its message , especially in the industrial nations , had become so well known that it was starting to lose its ability to attract people to it . 
 and the churches many contributions to society were often overlooked . 
 for example , churches in america were doing more to house and feed the homeless than the federal , state and local governments combined . 
 and that was , and is an important ministry , but unless you were homeless or went to a pads participating church , you probably were n't even aware of it . 
 so this new movement , `` shine for them , '' focused on new ministries that were aimed at improving and enriching the community . 
 these ministries ranged from civic improvement projects , to sponsoring city festivals . 
 regardless of the activity , whether it was a food drive or a concert in the park , the program was aimed outside the four walls of the church , and all were invited , all were welcome . 
 in most cases , several churches in a community would work together with the local governments and schools . 
 the goal of these programs was simple , improve/enrich the community , and be a shining example of god 's love . 
 it was a no-strings-attached approach , with the simple hope that if you get people to show up , then some of them may feel the call , the it , and want more . 
 and if not , worse case , you are still making your community a better place to live . 
 the impact of these programs was amazing . 
 churches were re-energized , attendance went through the roof , but more importantly communities were made better -- cleaner , safer , more open , and more loving . 
 like i said , it was amazing . 
 at the same time it really was n't surprising . 
 making the world a better place , or as some call it -- making heaven on earth , is really what we are called to do . 
 god gave us all the tools to do it , we just need to act . 
 i am happy to say that i , and my whole family , were active participants in these programs , and as much as we gave , we have received tenfold in return . 
 however , what i am semi-famous for is my book , `` betting on god . '' 
 now when the professor told me they could n't go into a lot of details about the whole `` heaven and hell '' question , i would have never guessed that was because i was destined to write a book on the subject . 
 me , not only a deacon , but a christian author . 
 anyway , i was inspired to write this book after i read rob bell 's book , `` love wins : a book about heaven , hell , and the fate of every person who ever lived . '' 
 which is a really thought provoking book , that i highly recommend reading . 
 now , when i say i was inspired to write my book after reading rob bell 's book , that is n't really accurate . 
 i should say that i was inspired to write my book after i read a number of christian groups criticizing rob 's book , which were pretty much accusing him of heresy . 
 now do i agree with everything that rob wrote in his book ? 
 no , but i do agree with him that god is everywhere , he has a plan for everyone , and that god wants to save everyone . 
 and i mean everyone , christians , muslims , jews , hindus , agnostics , atheists , cub fans -- everyone . 
 now some would say that god just ca n't save us , we have to want to be saved -- god has given everyone that right , that choice . 
 and to that i say yes , you are undoubtedly correct . 
 but god is not a finite being like we are . 
 he is infinite , with unlimited time and ways to achieve his goals . 
 he is everywhere and his silent call is going out to everyone . 
 so for those people out there who believe that the nice jewish , muslim , hindu , agnostic or atheist family in their neighborhood , who are outgoing , loving and doing everything that jesus wants them to do , are n't going to heaven because they have n't formally recognized christ as their savior . 
 well , you could be right , i do n't know -- no one does . 
 but me personally , i think they will , because just like in the parable of the good samaritan , those loving , caring , forgiving , charitable non-christians in the world are doing god 's will . 
 they are listening to christ 's silent call to make the world a better place . 
 or to put it a different way , even though they do n't know it , they have christ in their hearts . 
 and just like the priest and levite in the parable , there are many people who call themselves christians who do not . 
 so , who do you think god will welcome into his kingdom ? 
 the people who profess to believe , but do n't do his will , or the people who profess to believe something else , but do ? 
 for me , i believe with every fiber of my being that it is not what you say , but what you do that 's important . 
 and i believe that god wants everyone to be with him , has a plan for everyone to be saved , and will not give up on anyone easily . 
 and will he really do it ? 
 will god save everyone ? 
 i do n't know . 
 people still have free will , so maybe some will choose not to receive god 's grace . 
 but if i had to wager on it , well -- i 'm betting on god ! 
 and that is a quick synopsis of my book , and quick recap of what i , and christianity , have been up to over the last seventy years . 
 like i said , it has been an amazing time to be alive . 
 so , as i stated earlier , i intend this to be my final journal entry . 
 i have made the necessary arrangements to have this journal included with my will/request to my descendants . 
 however , i have addressed it specifically to professor albert phineas iii and my 70th grandsons aaron and jacob . 
 gentlemen , i never got the chance to thank you for granting my request . 
 i consider myself very fortunate to have gotten to meet you . 
 may your lives be filled with wonder and joy , as mine has been . 
 and thank you again , for my wonderful trip in time . 
 the end a note from the author hello , i hoped you have enjoyed reading my trip in time . 
 there are a few people who i would like to thank , but before i do that , i wanted to provide some additional commentary on this story . 
 first , let me say that i am not a religious historian , theologian , priest or minister . 
 i am an author , or better yet , a storyteller . 
 i set out to tell an interesting story , and mix in some theological topics that i have struggled/wrestled with over the years . 
 while i am not a religious historian , theologian , priest or minister ; i did perform extensive research on the theological and historical topics that are covered in this story . 
 so i am confident that you will find that the historical topics covered in this book are accurate , and while some of the theological ideas discussed in this story are not universally agreed upon , they are definitely not new . 
 second , i did not write this story to try to persuade atheists or agnostics to become christian -lrb- if that happens , that 's wonderful , but that was not why i wrote this story -rrb- . 
 instead i wrote this story for all those people out there who , like me , grew up believing that genesis was supposed to be a literal account of creation , and that scientific theories , like the big bang and evolution , were anti-creation , anti-god . 
 as you have read in this story , they are not . 
 if you are interested in performing your own research on this topic , the following are some of the books that i read/listen to as a part of my research : from jesus to constantine , great lecture series , by professor bart d. ehrman science and religion , great lecture series , by professor lawrence m. principe the quest : the historians ' search for jesus and muhammad by professor f.e. peters the language of god : a scientist presents evidence for belief by francis s. collins love wins , a book about heaven , hell and the fate of every person who ever lived by rob bell mere christianity by c. s. lewis the great emergence : how christianity is changing and why by phyllis tickle the case for god by karen armstrong rediscovering catholicism by matthew kelly and finally , i would like to thank the following people : my wife and kids , for all your love and support guy , janice and troy , for reading drafts of this story and giving me some valuable feedback for all my nieces -lrb- plus my kids -rrb- for supplying the names of many of the characters in this book and finally my parents , for all the love and support you have given me over the years if you would like to get updates on my next projects , you can visit me on facebook or check out my blog : http://tgaler.blogspot.com . 
 thank you , t. galer p.s. speaking of my next projects ... the first two books on my redemption saga are available on amazon . 
 the redemption saga is a modern day fantasy series and the following is its back cover teaser for book 1 , the calling : kimberly jenkins , a twenty something marketing analysts with the pinnacle financial group , has no aspirations for a life of adventure . 
 all she wants to do is climb the corporate ladder , and maybe get married someday and start a family . 
 all seems to be going well for her modest dreams until three consultants , who no one besides herself can seem to remember , start sitting in her row at work , and always seem to be around wherever she goes . 
 who are these strange consultants ? 
 and why does she have this feeling that something awful is about to happen ? 
 come and follow kimberly 's journey from the normal world that most people believe exists , to the real world that contains monsters , demons , and a group of people whose job it is to protect mankind from such horrors . 
 show more show less redemption part 1 -- the calling : http://www.amazon.com/redemption-part-calling-chronicles-ebook/dp/b00agabu1c/ref=sr_sp-atf_title_1_1?ie=utf8&qid=1366169984&sr=8-1&keywords=t+galer redemption part 2 -- the lost : http://www.amazon.com/redemption-order-light-chronicles-ebook/dp/b00arx1etq/ref=sr_sp-atf_title_1_2?ie=utf8&qid=1366169984&sr=8-2&keywords=t+galer my trip in time first edition -lrb- 1.0.0 -rrb- a tlt book copyright © 2011 by todd galer all rights reserved . 
 ******* all scripture quotations in this publication are from the good news translation in today 's english version - second edition copyright © 1992 by american bible society . 
 used by permission . 
