 kinemortophobia -lrb- the fear of the undead -rrb- by jeremy bene smashwords edition * * * * * published by : jeremy bene on smashwords kinemortophobia -lrb- the fear of the undead -rrb- copyright © 2013 jeremy bene thank you for downloading this free ebook . 
 although this is a free book , it remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced , scanned , or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author . 
 quotes used in reviews are the exception . 
 no alteration of content is allowed . 
 if you enjoyed this book , then encourage your friends to download their own free copy . 
 your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated . 
 any similarities with names in this book are strictly coincidental . 
 the names in this book do not reflect the true personalities of any person -lrb- s -rrb- with the same name as a character in the book . 
 chapter 1 - jeremy it 's been three months since the outbreak . 
 we 've all adapted by now , because if we had n't we 'd be dead . 
 there 's no avoiding it , we 're all going to turn , but we stay alive in hopes of finding a cure , a glimmer of hope in devotion to the human race and restoring it to what it once was . 
 i always thought i would welcome the downfall of humanity , for it had turned into mindless politics and arguing . 
 people did n't have that ` natural ' sense of kindness ; they were greedy , self-centered , and power-hungry . 
 the key word in that sentence is were . 
 three months ago , there was a lab combustion in montpelier , vermont , where top league scientists were working on a serum to try to kill all malicious cells in the body , thus ridding the world of disease . 
 ironically , they accomplished the complete opposite . 
 apparently , one of the scientists used too much of one chemical and the solution destabilized . 
 the resulting lab explosion set loose an airborne virus , a virus of what the remnants of humanity have appropriately dubbed the `` zombie virus '' . 
 this virus takes effect once a person has died ; it re-animates the brain and makes the former person into a carnivore hungry for anything it can get its hands on . 
 the ` person ' is no longer the person it once was , but now relies on instincts alone to get to its food sources . 
 it will happen to everyone , we will all turn into a zombie , unless of course we find a cure to the virus . 
 for the past three months , my crew and i have driven all across america with an rv in hopes of finding scientists who at least have a lead on a cure . 
 my name is jeremy bene ; i am the leader of our little group of survivors . 
 everyone looks up to me for everything , i guess in a way i am their saving grace . 
 even when i make my fair share of screw-ups , they still commend me . 
 i 've got dirty blonde hair which strands down to my shoulders and a quarter of the way down my back . 
 for about a year everyone has been telling me to cut it , but i have n't listened . 
 i 'm 18 years old and am well-built , and also i have a lot of muscle on me , so basically i 'm built as a lineman in football would be . 
 i could n't ask for a better crew . 
 i try to make my decisions as well thought out and un-biased as possible , but obviously , sometimes they do n't work out in my favor . 
 all in all , i would consider myself a fairly good leader , and my group seems to agree . 
 next in command is haley taylor , 18 . 
 she 's not biologically related to me , but i 've always considered her my little sister . 
 she 's a lot taller than me though , which makes it hard to believe she 's my little sister . 
 she 's got long blonde hair and she 's very skinny . 
 she 's the closest thing to family i have right now , even before the outbreak we were really close . 
 she 's also very skilled in leadership ; however , she is more quick and agile than i am . 
 she 's good for making food runs into abandoned gas stations or supermarkets . 
 then we have her husband , ryan taylor , 20 . 
 ex-military , ryan went rogue when the navy sent out several black ops missions that ryan was a part of . 
 ryan did n't approve of the black ops missions and went awol ; however , he seems to still have access to the naval databases . 
 he 's a very experienced gunman and tactician who very rarely goes out into the field . 
 we usually use him as a backup fielder , due to the width and depth of his arms ; he 's the buffest guy in the group . 
 he 's taller than haley , about six foot-eight and is pretty muscular . 
 however , he usually stays in the rv with me and another guy to improve our tactics and keep radio with the fielders . 
 that other guy is andrew weir ,16 , probably the smartest guy left in humanity . 
 a little shorter than me , the kid has short brown hair and thick , steampunk-like glasses . 
 his stature is a little heftier than me as well , and he is ridiculously intelligent . 
 both a tactician , and a combat plan developer , he 's one of the most valuable assets we have ; without his intelligence i daresay we would n't have lasted half as long as what we have . 
 we have another andrew in the group , andrew wilson , 17 . 
 he 's from england , but he was on a vacation to visit me and weir when the outbreak broke out . 
 he 's a bit taller than me , and a bit heftier than haley , but not by much . 
 the three of us met through the internet and have been best buds ever since . 
 andrew specializes in gun handling and melee weaponry . 
 he can fix almost any melee weapon with the slightest of ease . 
 he is also a sure shot when it comes to pistols , sub-machine guns , and assault rifles . 
 another person i met through the internet is caitlin barber , 15 , who lived in canada before the outbreak . 
 she 's got short blonde hair and is the shortest one of all of us . 
 we set up a meet with her , i , and the andrews , and about 2 days after we picked her up the outbreak blew out . 
 she is one of the best scavengers i 've ever seen . 
 she 's helped us salvage many things that have kept us alive over the course of our survival run . 
 finally , there 's zach current ,18 , my oldest friend . 
 we 've known each other literally since birth , we grew up together , and half the time we shared the same playpen and crib . 
 as young kids , we were inseparable , until he moved to ohio from missouri about three years back . 
 when the outbreak happened , the group and i drove up to ohio to get zach ; luckily he was still at his place . 
 he was built almost exactly like me , but a bit more aggressive . 
 his hair was longer than mine , but straighter as well . 
 he was a great fielder , he killed zombies like there was no tomorrow , as well as being able to carry a huge load in the backpack he took from his home . 
 between us , we were a great group . 
 we had each other 's backs no matter what , and we have depended on each other for survival . 
 as we sped down the highway , i noticed a road sign . 
 ` now entering iowa ' is what it read . 
 my initial thought was that it did n't feel like it had taken that long to get here from our last destination . 
 i looked at the calendar and i realized about a week had passed since we were in west virginia ; i then realized that i had been behind in days . 
 i went and checked on the inventory and saw that we were running low . 
 `` hey zach ! '' 
 i yelled to the cockpit . 
 we all took shifts driving the rv , and it was zach 's shift right now . 
 `` how are we doing on fuel ? '' 
 i continued . 
 `` we got about an eighth of a tank , we 'll need to find a station soon ! '' 
 he replied . 
 usually i do n't miss inventory days , but i 've been preoccupied with other things lately . 
 i 've been thinking about my family a lot , how they died in the first few days of the outbreak and my skills kept me alive . 
 how i watched my father get overrun by zombies as i sped away in my beat-up sedan , how i let my little nephew get ripped out of my arms by those creatures . 
 how i let my entire family fade away , and yet i did n't blame myself . 
 no one could 've prepared for this , for it 's basically the end of the world . 
 i could n't stop thinking about them ; i guess that 's normal though . 
 losing your family is a truly horrific experience that no one should have to go through ; unfortunately , it is now the norm in this post-apocalyptic world . 
 chapter 2 -- jeremy we were speeding down the highway at about 88 miles an hour . 
 there were oddly no cars on the highway ; usually , the highways are riddled with abandoned cars left from when the outbreak first started . 
 we 've already seen some half-vacant highways , but nothing like this ; it may have been odd , or it may have been me just being paranoid . 
 `` hey jeremy , there 's a station up there , you want me to pull up ? '' 
 zach asked me from the cockpit . 
 i told him to pull into the station and i would assign positions . 
 `` haley , you and caitlin go into the station to try to find some food and water ; wilson , you and zach pump the gas and i 'll keep watch . '' 
 everyone agreed to the plan and executed it . 
 i climbed to the top of the rv with my sniper rifle and stood watch . 
 the road split both ways , plus there was a huge field on the opposite side of the road . 
 this was good , because i could see any zombie coming from any direction within 3 miles . 
 i sat there and watched the road and field as the boys pumped gas . 
 a few seconds later , i saw a figure emerge from behind a warehouse about half a mile down the road from where we came . 
 i pulled the scope up to my face and zoomed in on the zombie . 
 something felt familiar about the figure ; i could n't put my finger on it , though . 
 i pulled the trigger and put a bullet straight in between the zombie 's eyes . 
 as soon as the zombie went down , i felt a pain in my gut ; but why was this happening ? 
 `` alright jeremy , we 're good to go ! '' 
 zach called from the ground . 
 `` no we 're not . '' 
 i replied . 
 i climbed down from the rv and walked over to the zombie . 
 i had a gut feeling that i just killed someone i knew before the outbreak . 
 i started searching the zombie , looking for some form of identification or at least social security number . 
 i looked on the zombie 's wrist and saw a harley-davidson watch . 
 the watch looked very familiar , but i did n't want to be sure until i had proper identification . 
 i searched through the zombie and found his wallet . 
 i contemplated opening it , figuring out if i really wanted to know the identity of the person i just killed . 
 but then i remembered these are n't people anymore ; they are things that will stop at nothing to feast on the living . 
 i opened the wallet , and immediately regretted it . 
 i dropped the wallet and its contents on the ground , not sure what to make of everything . 
 my heart sank in my chest , my mind in a whirl , and my body completely numb . 
 i could n't believe what i had just done . 
 i had just shot my father , ron bene ; i had killed him for the second time . 
 nothing made sense anymore , i could n't move , i could n't breathe , i could n't do anything . 
 i kept trying to remember that this was n't my father , that it was a flesh-devouring demon being that 's sole purpose was to kill my new family ; whose sole purpose was to kill all things in sight . 
 it did n't work , i just kept thinking about my dad and how he raised me . 
 how he taught me all the qualities that i know and value . 
 how he shaped and molded me into the person i am today ; and i just shot him in the face with a sniper rifle . 
 i bowed my head and prayed for my father to now rest in peace , for him to finally be able to leave his body behind and for his soul to be at peace . 
 i stood and returned to the rv , and at this point everyone was standing outside waiting for me . 
 they all knew me so well ; they could tell that something was wrong just from the expression on my face . 
 `` what 's wrong jeremy ? '' 
 haley asked . 
 i did n't say a word ; all i did was shuffled through the rv , grabbed the shovel , and returned to the zombie . 
 i dug a hole next to him and dumped the body into the hole , covered the hole , and made a makeshift tombstone . 
 ` here lies ronald dale bene , an honorable man , a great role model , and a hell of a dad -lrb- inscribed by his son jeremy ronald bene -rrb- ' . 
 this was the most honorable thing i could think of doing for the man . 
 i stepped away from the grave and returned to the rv to put back the shovel . 
 as i stepped back out , i noticed everyone was crowded around the grave , undoubtedly reading the tombstone and realizing that i had just shot my father . 
 almost at once , the entire group turned back to me . 
 i 've always tried to stay strong , especially in front of the group , but i know better than anyone that no man can hold everything in . 
 no man can bare the everlasting pain of losing one of the closest people in your life . 
 the group started to run to me , but before they got to me i fell to my knees . 
 i felt as if my heart was ripped out of my chest . 
 i knew my father was gone , but this was different ; i had just shot him in the head to ensure his final death . 
 however , i had to look on the bright side ; i put my father at peace . 
 i enabled him to reach his final resting place , because his body was n't being used for anything else . 
 who knows , we do n't know if the person 's conscience stays in the body or not . 
 maybe they just lose control of themselves and the virus takes over , maybe my father could see everything i was doing to him . 
 i hoped that if he did , he would see that i was doing it out of love . 
 before i knew it i was in the arms of my people , the comfort of all those arms wrapped around me was unparalleled . 
 at that moment i knew that i should n't dwell on what i left behind in the world that does n't exist , i must focus on this new world , and my new family . 
 we all eventually piled back into the rv and trudged onward on our journey for survival . 
 it was my turn to drive , but weir volunteered to take my shift if i took his shift in 2 days . 
 i agreed and he started to drive . 
 i sat down near the window in our booth set up for our meals and i stared at the scenery that we were passing by . 
 it was autumn , the trees were filled with brilliant colors , mixed with the motion blur from traveling inside the rv the whole scenery looked brilliant . 
 this is probably one of the only beautiful sights left in this world , and i wo n't soon forget it . 
 `` hey '' i heard a voice next to me . 
 it was caitlin . 
 i was so busy watching the beautiful scenery i had not even noticed she had slid into the booth . 
 `` i 'm sorry about your dad , jeremy . 
 we all knew he was gone but we did n't know ... ... '' `` it 's fine '' i cut her off because i did n't want her to mention his zombification . 
 `` i did what he would 've wanted to do . '' 
 she nodded her head like she understood , but i knew she did n't really fully understand . 
 nobody did . 
 but i know they are trying their best to understand , and for that i give my eternal thanks . 
 before i could say anything else caitlin wrapped me in a hug . 
 it caught me off guard , but i embraced her back . 
 we pulled away and stared into each other 's eyes . 
 i 've always believe that you could see someone 's emotions just from the look in someone 's eyes , and it appeared that caitlin was both sympathetic and paranoid . 
 i was n't sure where the paranoia was coming from , but i could swear i saw it in her eyes . 
 before i could address it , haley and ryan slid into the booth on the opposite side of the table . 
 `` how 're you doin bro ? '' 
 asked ryan . 
 he sounded more sympathetic than i 've ever heard him , even more so than when he found out his mother died . 
 `` i 'm fine ... ... just coping '' i responded . 
 `` if there 's anything i can do ... . . '' 
 `` thanks for the offer man , but this is just one of those things you just have to shrug off '' i cut him off . 
 he nodded and was silent . 
 haley had n't spoken the entire time since the burial . 
 not only to me , but to everyone ; she just refused to talk . 
 she had a deep look of concern on her face , like she had just seen a ghost . 
 she was staring down at the table when i caught her off her guard . 
 `` haley , can i talk to you for a second ? '' 
 her head jerked up in shock . 
 she gave a concerned look at me , and then looked over to ryan . 
 he nodded his head as if giving her his approval . 
 caitlin and ryan slid out of the booth , letting me and haley out . 
 i put my arm around hers and walked her into the master bedroom . 
 `` haley , what 's going on ? 
 you have n't talked since the incident . 
 if it 's because of me i 'm fine ... . . 
 really . 
 i just need a minute to cope , to fully understand the situation you know ? '' 
 she nodded , but still remained silent . 
 `` what 's going on sis ? '' 
 she finally raised her head and opened her mouth . 
 `` you buried your dad even though he was a zombie ... ... . 
 when my dad died i laughed . 
 i could n't help myself . 
 after all the crap he 's put me through in my life ... ... i could n't help but laugh at the fact that he could n't do it to me anymore . '' 
 she put her head back down and started to cry . 
 i crouched and put my arm around her shoulder . 
 `` haley , sometimes your emotions take control of who you are . 
 it 's normal not to feel the typical emotion when something happens . 
 like crying when you see roses , it may remind you of a lost love . 
 i know where you 're coming from . 
 sometimes i feel guilty about what i did to some people too , but i never regret it . 
 because in my eyes , it 's payback for what they have done to me . 
 do n't ever second guess yourself haley , that 's always been your problem . 
 you 're a born leader , that 's your one flaw , every leader has one flaw . '' 
 haley looked up at me again with tears in her eyes . 
 `` what 's yours ? '' 
 the question caught me by surprise , but in retrospect i really should 've expected it . 
 `` overconfidence . 
 i think i 'm invincible and sometimes that can get me into trouble . '' 
 she stared at me as if trying to comprehend that i actually had a flaw . 
 `` you do get a bit cocky ... . . '' 
 she mumbled in between her tears . 
 `` thanks jeremy . '' 
 `` anytime haley , you know i 'm always here for you , anytime you need me . '' 
 she smiled and hugged me . 
 we pulled away and she went back into the living quarters , i however stayed in the master bedroom for a bit . 
 i sat down on the bed and stared at the wall . 
 i thought about my mom and how i had brought her up to haley . 
 people may think that what i did to her was unorthodox , but if those people only knew what she had done to me . 
 my entire childhood was hell due to the fact that she was messed up on some kind of drug for 99 % of it . 
 she had threatened to kill me on many occasions and had me scared for most of my childhood . 
 eventually a grew a pair and made her sure i was n't scared of her anymore . 
 she shunned me from the family from that day on , and on the day she died i consider it my vengeance day . 
 i also thought about that fatal flaw that i addressed to haley . 
 overconfidence . 
 it was true , it was indeed my fatal flaw , and fatal flaws always get people killed . 
 i have been lucky up until now , it was good that haley made me think on it and address it . 
 i had to start being more careful , because if i got too overconfident , it could cost me my life . 
 i had so many thoughts bubbling in my mind ; what to do about the outbreak , how much longer we could hold out together , how we would overcome these tremendous odds . 
 i then realized that i could n't think on this , i had to focus on the present . 
 i walked into the living quarters and saw haley curled into a ball in ryan 's lap . 
 i glanced over and saw wilson and zach playing chess at the table . 
 caitlin was watching , and by her reactions i figured she was favoring wilson . 
 i glanced out the window and saw open fields start to turn into urban suburbs . 
 the streets were slowly getting smaller , and the mass of broken down cars and road hazards increased along the way . 
 we eventually came to a point where we had to stop . 
 i walked up to the cockpit and saw the obstacles in our way . 
 a few sedans were piled up on top of each other in the middle of the road , and along the sides of them were pickup trucks toppled over on their sides . 
 `` what do you think we should do jeremy ? '' 
 weir asked me . 
 i thought that i would have the same answer as he did ; plowing through the sedans in the middle was the obvious choice . 
 sedans were no match for the rv that we had reinforced ; however , some of the sedans were toppled in such a way that their gas tanks and hardware were flipped toward the rv . 
 if we hit the sedans too hard , the entire mass could explode and send the rv straight to hell . 
 we would need a big impact in and of itself to get through that mass , so in retrospect that did n't really seem like a good idea . 
 then i thought of the pickups , could the rv plow through one of those without being run off the road and marooned ? 
 `` back up '' i told weir . 
 he looked rather confused , as if he were thinking we were retreating . 
 he started to back up and it looked like he was going to turn around when i told him to stop . 
 i grabbed my sniper and climbed to the top of the rv . 
 i laid down to get a more stable shot , but i decided to look around a bit before i shot . 
 this urban suburb would eventually lead into a small city , from our position it looked a lot like the entrance to denver . 
 more than likely , there would be supplies there . 
 i then refocused my scope on the mass of sedans and put my crosshairs directly on the gas tank . 
 i shot and a split second later , the tank exploded sending sedans flying off the road . 
 the resulting explosion left a huge hole in the road where the mass of sedans once stood as an obstacle to our journey , now defeated . 
 as if he were reading my mind , weir changed the rv 's gears and i slid back in . 
 `` nice job , i probably never would have thought of that . '' 
 weir told me as he started to drive again . 
 `` you 're a smart guy andrew , you would 've thought of it eventually . '' 
 i replied . 
 usually these guys compliment me when i have an idea , but in reality any of these guys would have probably gotten the same ideas in the next minute after i originally have them . 
 i 'm really not that brilliant , but i guess it was the desperate need for a leader that led the group to look to me . 
 before the outbreak , i would always try to help with other people 's problems , and apparently it took an effect . 
 i did n't know what was so special about me in their eyes ; i seemed like a miracle worker to them , when in reality i 'm far from it . 
 i make mistakes just like everyone else ; i just hope one day that mistake wo n't cost me everything . 
 we kept rolling onward toward denver , and with none of us being familiar with that area , we did n't know what to expect . 
 as we sped down the narrow strip of road , we caught eye of something in the distance , it was a burning building . 
 if the building were burning , that means there were people around , my first thought was that it could be something to distract the zombies in order for a getaway plan . 
 but the fire was too large , it could n't have been done on short notice ; my next thought was maybe the burning was planned , as if it were a warning or a call for help . 
 weir took the rv closer in for a better look . 
 other than the occasional zombie caught in the flames , there was no form of human life anywhere , and then i saw it . 
 `` watch it ! '' 
 i yelled and jerked the wheel to the right . 
 the rv careened off the road and into a ditch . 
 we kept sliding sideways so long and so fast i could swear we were going to topple over . 
 finally , we came to a stop and everyone sighed a breath of relief . 
 `` everyone ok ? '' 
 i called . 
 everyone responded that they were ok , just occasional cuts and bruises here and there . 
 `` what the hell was that for jeremy ? '' 
 weir asked almost angrily , but i could tell he was expecting a logical answer . 
 i turned and stepped out of the rv and looked back to where we started to skid . 
 the small cylindrical object that i had spotted in the middle of the road was still there . 
 i half-hoped i recognized it correctly , because if i had n't and it was n't harmful to us , i would 've just wrecked the rv for nothing . 
 i picked up a rock and threw it at the object . 
 just as the rock made contact , the object exploded into a million pieces ; just as i expected , a land mine . 
 i turned to the others who were now outside the rv ; everyone was wide eyed and their jaws were down to their feet . 
 `` so we 've got land mines out here too ? '' 
 asked wilson in disbelief . 
 i nodded my head , and dreaded this new danger . 
 apparently the natives of denver had access to advanced technology , which could mean a lot of trouble if we did n't play our cards right . 
 `` well , the rv 's shot for now , if i can get the right parts i could probably fix it '' . 
 ryan called from under the hood of the rv ; i had n't even noticed he was over there . 
 `` what 's the damage ? '' 
 zach asked , making his way over to the hood . 
 as zach and ryan conversed about the condition on the rv , i looked back over at the burning building . 
 the fire was enlarging , but why was it there in the first place ? 
 i had a feeling we would probably find out who before we left denver , colorado . 
 chapter 3 -- jeremy zach and ryan informed me that the rv could n't drive in its condition , and we would need a new axle , a new frame , and a new fuel tank in order for the rv to get back up and running properly . 
 to me , this was some good news , because i wanted to investigate what was going on in this town , like who ignited the fire , why they did it and where they are . 
 i decided to investigate the flaming building first . 
 i grabbed a pistol and a police baton and headed out . 
 i decided to take haley , wilson and caitlin with me to leave weir , zach , and ryan to attempt to fix up the rv . 
 haley carried a long butcher knife and a revolver , wilson carried a long shank and a baseball bat , and caitlin carried a saw and a hammer . 
 we circled around the burning building the long way , taking an adjacent street into the alley behind it . 
 as we approached the back of the building , we heard voices talking to one another . 
 none of us could make out what they were saying , so we forged onward more sneakily . 
 backs against the wall and crouched , we inched further towards the voices . 
 i looked around the wall into the intersection where the backs of 4 buildings , including the one we were crouching behind and the burning building , connected and made a small area in between the buildings . 
 in this small area was where the voices were coming from . 
 i could see one man was short , gruff , and plump . 
 the other was considerably taller with a much cleaner look to him . 
 i decided to get a better look , so i told my three companions to wait as i inched forward and behind a dumpster . 
 behind the dumpster , i could make out the voices more clearly . 
 `` they did n't trigger the mine , but their transportation has been disabled '' the cleaner one of the two stated , obviously referring to my group and the rv . 
 `` how long until we can grab ` em and go ? '' 
 asked the gruffer one . 
 `` all in due time sir , we must focus on making them wait it out and weaken , we can not let them find the parts to their recreational vehicle . '' 
 it was obvious these men had set the trap , and it also looked like i had found the reason . 
 to strand innocent survivors and take them prisoner . 
 but one thing is still unclear ; why do they want to hold survivors prisoner ? 
 it 's not adding up yet , but i was sure it would , in the meantime , i had to stop these guys from harming my friends . 
 `` freeze ! '' 
 i yelled as i revealed myself from behind the dumpster . 
 both men looked at me not in fright , but in delight , as if they had been expecting me . 
 haley then came out with her revolver drawn , but i saw neither caitlin nor wilson . 
 `` you fool , do you really think that you have the upper hand in our territory ? '' 
 the gruffer one asked as he pulled out a semi-automatic rifle . 
 at the same time , the cleaner one pulled out what looked to be an army grade m4 automatic rifle . 
 what were these men doing with such powerful and expensive weaponry ? 
 there was no time to question that , i had to act fast . 
 it was then that i noticed that the small area we were standing in had a downward slope , i had the height advantage . 
 i needed a way to act on my advantage , and then i thought of the dumpster . 
 i jumped back behind the dumpster and yelled for haley to do the same . 
 she did as she was told , as bullets whizzed past the sides of the dumpster . 
 i told her to kick the dumpster on the count of three , and she understood why . 
 it looks like she was observant as i was , if not more so . 
 the three-count came and with all of our mights combined we kicked the dumpster toward the saboteurs . 
 if the dumpster did anything , it would faze them , which is all the opening i needed . 
 haley and i rushed to the dumpster where fortunately , the saboteurs were lying flat on their backs . 
 we had no choice but to shoot them , they were an obvious threat , but something in my gut told me not to . 
 haley was taking aim at the head of the cleaner one , but i put my hand on the gun and made her lower it . 
 she gave me a confused look , as if i had done something that no one ever expected from me . 
 i then kicked the gruff one in the face with all of my might . 
 haley did the same for the clean one . 
 we kept this up for about 5 minutes before we finally put their unconscious bodies in the dumpster , rolled it on its side , and pinned it shut onto one of the walls of the buildings . 
 this could n't have been a 2-man operation ; there have to be more than these guys here in denver . 
 it had just occurred to me that wilson and caitlin still had n't reappeared . 
 `` they were supposed to circle around to get them surrounded ; i do n't know what happened to them . '' 
 haley said as if reading my mind . 
 next to us , the burning building was starting to crumble , if we did n't get out of this alleyway soon , we would be either crushed or burned to death . 
 i grabbed haley by the arm and ran back the way we came . 
 just as we got out of the alley and into open air , smoke billowed out of the alley and filled the air . 
 i looked up over the building we were in front of ; the burning building was n't there anymore . 
 it had fallen , and i was hoping wilson and caitlin had n't been caught up in that . 
 haley and i figured wilson and caitlin would return to the rv once they saw the building down , so we returned to find that weir , zach , and ryan were having no success . 
 `` we ca n't get started working on anything until we have the thing we need to get this thing running again . '' 
 complained ryan , frustrated that he could n't do anything to help . 
 fortunately , a few minutes after haley and i arrived , so did caitlin and wilson . 
 `` we heard yelling and saw the building starting to fall , we could n't risk it . 
 i 'm sorry jeremy . '' 
 caitlin explained . 
 if anyone else was put in the situation caitlin was put in , they would 've come into the alley anyway . 
 this is n't the first greedy move caitlin has done either . 
 she 's snuck food out of the weekly rations , and stolen ammo without it being issued . 
 i was about a fingertip away from telling her to screw off and fend for herself , when she said that she and wilson found an apartment complex down the road . 
 `` it could be another trap . '' 
 haley interrupted , `` plus , an apartment complex is super close corners , i do n't like it . '' 
 haley was right to be cautious , after that nasty surprise on the road and the two guys in the alley ; i do n't trust this city already . 
 however , we were starting to run low on supplies , and that apartment complex was starting to look like our only hope . 
 i was going to give caitlin one last chance , if this apartment raid goes wrong , she is going to be to blame because she did n't check it out herself and make sure it was ok . 
 i was set to take haley , ryan , and zach ; haley with her revolver and butcher knife , ryan with his desert eagle and automatic silenced pistol , and zach with his wrench and baseball bat with nails in it that he calls ` the equalizer ' . 
 we were about to leave , when wilson asked me for a word . 
 i agreed and we went into the rv to talk privately . 
 `` listen dude , i wanted to run into that alleyway and get you and haley out , but caitlin would n't let me . 
 she said if i stepped one foot in that alley that she would bash my head in with that hammer of hers . 
 i do n't know what her deal is . '' 
 he explained . 
 `` it 's ok bud , i know it 's not your fault , i know you 'll always have my back . 
 as for caitlin i think she needs to go , she is definitely causing more harm than good . 
 `` i replied , and it looked like wilson agreed . 
 `` if anything goes wrong on this heist , i 'm leaving her when we get the rv running . '' 
 i told him . 
 he nodded once more in agreement and held out his hand . 
 i grabbed it with mine and chest-bumped him , our little silent way of saying ` i love you man ' . 
 i stepped out of the rv and continued to the apartment complex with my three companions . 
 as we progressed toward the complex , the scenery became more eerie . 
 the trees we passed started turning a sickly brownish-green color , their leaves were all dead , if they had any , and theirbranches were so weak , they would break at the slightest breeze . 
 i felt as if i were in a horror movie , or approaching a haunted house on halloween night . 
 it all felt so surreal , i could n't believe any of this was real life anymore . 
 i had been living in a zombie outbreak for 3 months now , and this was the only time in which i have felt this way . 
 we stepped on the steps of the complex and eyed it up and down . 
 the cement blocks that held the structure together were all full of mold and blood . 
 i guessed they would break away any minute . 
 almost all of the windows were still boarded up , which could be a good or bad sign . 
 finally , i decided to enter and my colleagues followed closely behind . 
 the lobby was torn to hell . 
 papers were strewn every which way , dried drink spills and rotten food filled the floor , while cobwebs filled the ceiling , even though the fan in the center of the room was still spinning . 
 `` pan out and search for valuables . 
 zach and ryan stay down here in the lobby , and haley , you and i will search one level up . '' 
 everyone agreed to this plan , and so ryan and zach got started rummaging through the drawers of the former manager and the various footlockers . 
 haley and i proceeded up the stairs to the first floor and saw 4 rooms . 
 we decided that i would search the two on the left and she would search the two on the right . 
 i watched haley enter the room , and only after i was sure there was no danger in her room was when i entered mine . 
 as i opened the door , the stench of animal waste and body decay filled the air . 
 i scanned the room to try to find the source ; it was n't long until i found it . 
 the remains of a german shepard were strewn along the floor of the kitchen . 
 it looked like it was trying to get into the fridge or the cupboard , but due to its lack of opposable thumbs , it was impossible . 
 it was a disgusting and unsanitary task , but i stepped through the dog remains to get to the fridge . 
 i opened the door and found nothing ; the fridge must have been looted long ago . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i then saw a bookshelf in the living room . 
 i walked over to it and searched it for books . 
 i picked a few off the shelves and set them aside on the coffee table . 
 i walked across the living room and into the kitchen to search the cupboard , but heard a deep scream filled with an echo . 
 i knew it was n't haley , due to the tone of the voice ; it was much deeper than haley 's . 
 it seemed to come from a hatch that was right under the air-conditioning vent . 
 i walked over to it and examined it ; it looked a little bit like the air conditioner itself , but was much smaller and did n't seem to transport air . 
 i opened the hatch , and all of a sudden , my feet were swept from underneath me and i was now tumbling into an abyss . 
 i knew i was falling , i could feel it ; so i tried to torque my body to where my back would hit the ground first . 
 the only problem was , i had no idea which way was up and which way was down . 
 i braced myself for impact everywhere in my body , because i had no idea how i was going to land . 
 i then felt a sharp pain in my right side and felt my head smack against something hard , i then felt myself flying once again and then landed on my left side . 
 i rolled on my back and laid there . 
 the only source of light in this room was from the hatch that i opened in the apartment . 
 it looked like it was 25 feet up , considering the length of my drop . 
 i tried to yell for haley , but had neither the energy nor the will . 
 i then started crawling , hoping to hit a wall . 
 to my luck , i did , and propped myself up to where i was sitting up with my back against it . 
 i then remembered i had a flashlight in my jacket pocket . 
 i reached into my jacket pocket and pulled it out , which made my arm burn with pain . 
 i felt myself beginning to black out , so i flipped the switch and dropped it . 
 there is now a source of light that overpowers the only other source of light , which should make my position obvious if my friends can find me . 
 fortunately , haley knew which room i was in ; hopefully they would find the hatch . 
 i then let myself fade away into sleep , in hopes that my friends would find me . 
 chapter 4 -- haley as second in command , i had to take charge . 
 i regrouped with the group in the rv and we layed out a plan . 
 zach and ryan would search the alleyways around the complex , while wilson , weir and i would take the inside of the complex . 
 we would search until we found a body , that was the plan . 
 zach and i had walkie-talkies to keep contact in case we found something . 
 wilson , weir and i then took to the complex . 
 my brain kept telling me that we had to find him , we had to find jeremy safe and sound , but something in my gut told me we would n't . 
 it told me that we were either going to find a lifeless corpse , or nothing at all . 
 i did n't like that at all . 
 `` we 'll find him haley , do n't worry . '' 
 andrew tried to reassure me , but it was n't much help . 
 `` he 's jeremy , he 's alive . '' 
 weir added . 
 `` he may be jeremy guys , but he 's only one man . 
 he can only fight for so long and take so much before his body destroys itself . 
 there 's no denying he 's going to die eventually , i just hope today is not that day . '' 
 i responded . 
 no one was immortal , not even jeremy as much as i hated to admit it . 
 we approached a room on the first floor , the room jeremy was supposed to be in when he vanished . 
 we opened the door and entered the room . 
 books were scattered around the floor , but some were in a neat stack on the coffee table . 
 the one on top read ` sure-shot , the legendary assassin ' . 
 that was something i knew jeremy would like , so i knew he 'd been here . 
 i looked at the bookshelf and only one book remained on the shelf . 
 i looked over to what appeared to be an air conditioning vent , but below it , there was an open hatch that appeared to stretch only into darkness . 
 i gazed into the abyss and figured that this was the only lead we had . 
 i radioed zach and told him we had a lead and to go back to the rv to get some rope . 
 he obeyed and told us he would be here as soon as he could . 
 but the clock was ticking , and i had to do something fast . 
 without a second thought , i jumped down into the abyss . 
 i felt myself plummeting to the ground , and braced myself for harsh impact . 
 i hit the ground with a loud thud , and steadied myself . 
 the fall hurt my legs a bit , as to be expected , but at least the injuries were n't unbearable . 
 i looked up to assess the room . 
 it was so dark i could barely see . 
 the only light i could make out was a faint glow from the other side of the room . 
 i made my way over and saw something shimmering in the light . 
 i quickened my pace and got to the far end of the room . 
 a big puddle of seat and blood greeted me . 
 in the middle of this sickly pile was a battered body . 
 the blood appeared to be coming from it 's mouth , the sweat came from all over . 
 it was n't long before i realized the body laying beneath my feet were what used to be my friend , jeremy . 
 i quickly checked him for vital signs , and found them weak but present . 
 i talked to zach with my walkie-talkie and scolded `` i need that rope right now zach ! 
 jeremy 's passed out and bleeding badly ! 
 he 's probably got some internal injuries as well as the injuries i can see . '' 
 i tried not to sound too hopeless , but it was hard considering i saw my brother beneath me dripping blood from the mouth and passed out down here for god knows how long . 
 `` we 're almost to the room haley , just hang on '' . 
 he replied with panic present in his voice . 
 i knelt down to jeremy to try to wake him up , but to no avail . 
 he was dangerously close to stopping his breathing , i needed zach to get here right now . 
 jeremy needed desperate medical attention and in a zombie apocalypse , that is very hard to come by . 
 finally , after about a minute that felt as if it were an eternity , i heard a small thud on the ground behind me , followed by zach calling `` there 's the rope haley , get out of there ! '' 
 i then lugged jeremy over my shoulder to the rope . 
 i then tied the rope around his waist and tugged to signal zach to pull him up . 
 the guys pulled him up and lowered the rope again . 
 i then went up and returned to the surface . 
 when i climbed out of the hatch , i saw zach and ryan taking jeremy out of the room , wilson and weir were planning out supplies to get for jeremy 's recovery , but i did n't see caitlin anywhere . 
 one thing is certain , due to jeremy 's incapacitation ; i was the group 's new leader , even if temporary . 
 i went over the list of supplies to get for jeremy with weir and wilson , and i assigned them roles of what to get . 
 weir would get bandages and anti-bacterial wraps if there were any left , and wilson would get cotton swabs , painkillers , plastic bags , plastic tubes , and water . 
 i would get rags and fresh clothes and report back to the rv to prepare jeremy . 
 i scoured the rest of the apartment complex for some kind of medical equipment , but only found few , none of which were what i was looking for . 
 i then found the manager 's office , which looked pretty much ransacked from what i could see from the outside . 
 i slammed my entire body into the wooden door blocking me from the inside , and left a huge crack down the middle . 
 i few more hits from my body going full force and it was down . 
 unfortunately , the impact of the blow left me sprawled across the floor with an injured left shoulder , and i heard a zombie-like hiss from somewhere in the room . 
 i glanced up to find the source , but could n't make out where it had come from . 
 i did , however , see a first aid kit on the other side of the room . 
 i half-crawled , half-limped to the kit and opened it . 
 bandages , rags , a blood bag , anti-bacterial stuff , and other miscellaneous items were in there , which was the first convenient thing that has happened in a while . 
 i closed the kit and tucked it under my right arm snugly . 
 i turned around and was slammed into the wall by the zombie that made the noise earlier . 
 i kicked it 's legs , luckily , one broke away and the zombie went down . 
 i curb-stomped his head like a 3-month old halloween pumpkin , and i no longer had a threat . 
 i checked myself for bites , but luckily , had none . 
 i started to take off , but something told me to check the closet . 
 i opened the closet door in the back of the room and found casual clothes , a plain white-t , blue jeans , red sneakers , and black socks . 
 the manager for this building must have been a ` casual joe ' to have kept these in the manager 's closet . 
 i also found a colt .45 on the floor next to the sneakers . 
 i picked it up and examined it , it appeared to be brand new , but only had one bullet inside . 
 i instantly knew what these items were for , these must 've been the manager 's favorite clothes and these were here in case he wanted to commit suicide . 
 however , the zombies must have got him before he got the chance . 
 i took the clothes , the gun , and the first aid kit and walked out and headed toward the rv . 
 when i got there , i had discovered weir had gathered his supplies , increasing our medical supply count greatly , and wilson was still in the building trying to find more supplies . 
 i checked on jeremy , who was in the master bedroom of the rv , still passed out . 
 ryan had doctored him up pretty good , that 's why i loved him . 
 he was part doctor , part teddy bear , and part badass . 
 he told me that jeremy 's pulse had increased and , given he got the medical supplies he needed , he would make it through this ordeal . 
 this was the best news i had received in a long time . 
 jeremy was n't only my friend , he was n't only my leader , he was my big bubby , and i loved him . 
 chapter 5 -- jeremy everything was a haze . 
 i could n't comprehend anything that was going on around me . 
 i was moving , but i was still at the same time . 
 two figures were on either side of me , dragging me into what seemed like oblivion . 
 my vision flared in and out of light and darkness , as all the while everything was a blur and always moving and turning . 
 finally , after what seemed like a lifetime , i seemed to be gently layed down on a platform . 
 the two figures now stood above me staring . 
 then , i blacked out . 
 i woke up to sunlight filling my eyes as my vision returned . 
 my hand-eye coordination was off , so i could n't move much , but at least i could now comprehend my surroundings . 
 i figured out i was in the rv in the master bedroom . 
 i looked to my left and saw a blood pouch attached to me . 
 i saw that i also had vital sign plugs into me and i was stripped down to my underwear . 
 just then , i heard static over a radio . 
 `` zach what 's your status ? '' 
 asked a voice over the radio . 
 `` almost done with the rv , just give me a few more minutes . '' 
 zach returned . 
 i had no idea where they were , but i assumed zach was by the rv , so he was within yelling distance . 
 i tried to yell for him , but neither my voice nor my mouth would let me . 
 nothing would respond to my thoughts except my neck . 
 `` ryan what 's your status ? '' 
 haley rang through the radio again . 
 `` almost done fixing the power tools , should only be a few more minutes . '' 
 ryan replied . 
 the radio that the voices were coming through was on the bedside table next to me , within arms ' reach . 
 if i could only move ... ... . . '' 
 wilson what 's your status ? '' 
 haley called again . 
 `` got all the gas i could carry , returning to the rv now . '' 
 he responded . 
 i fought with my own muscles to reach the radio . 
 `` weir what 's your status ? '' 
 haley asked once more `` finished all the rv armor upgrades '' . 
 he replied back . 
 my had was halfway to the radio at this point `` caitlin what 's your status ? '' 
 `` zombies still not here , returning to the rv '' she replied . 
 for a split second i thought about what i had said before the mission ensued . 
 that if anything went wrong that caitlin would be booted , why had n't wilson brought this up with haley ? 
 outside of my head , my hands were so close to the radio it was unreal . 
 `` let 's try this again ... ... ... ... . 
 jeremy ... ... ... ... what 's your status ? '' 
 she said with hopelessness in her voice . 
 at that , i smacked the ` call ' button on the walkie-talkie and it sent out a ringtone to all the others connected to the network . 
 the channel then flooded with people yelling ` oh my god he 's awake ' and ` get to the rv ' . 
 in a few short moments , everyone in my group was now crouched in the small bedroom as if expecting some big hero speech . 
 right now i could n't even talk , much less give an uplifting speech . 
 after about 5 minutes of silence , zach was the first to speak `` i guess i 'll go start up the rv and we can get away from this place . 
 we have all the supplies we need from here . '' 
 at that he turned and started walking down the hallway to the cockpit . 
 on the contrary , i did n't want to leave just yet . 
 i wanted to investigate that prison-like structure further . 
 my hand was still clamped on the walkie-talkie , so with all of my strength i threw it across the room and hit the wall directly to the left of zach . 
 zach turned around and our eyes met . 
 i slowly shook my head , and he understood what i meant . 
 zach and i have been friends for so long , that he can almost read my thoughts without me giving a very obvious signal . 
 `` ok , i guess jeremy wants us to stay a bit longer guys . '' 
 he finally answered everyone 's continuous stares at us . 
 everyone was confused , nobody understood what i had wanted to do . 
 `` when you have the strength to talk jeremy , will you tell us what you 're thinking ? '' 
 haley asked . 
 i nodded at her and at that she dismissed everyone to bed . 
 one by one everyone filed out , but she could be classified as a hypocrite by not following her own orders . 
 `` jeremy , i thought i lost you , everyone did . '' 
 she said in such a sad voice that it did n't sound like the haley i knew . 
 she sat down on the bed next to me and almost started to cry . 
 with every bit of my strength i lifted my hand and put in on the back of hers . 
 i looked into her eyes and with all my might i muttered `` you 'll never lose me sis , you know that . '' 
 she smiled and wrapped me in a hug . 
 this was the warmest brother-sister moment we had ever had . 
 i wished it would last forever , there is nothing i love more than spending time with my sissy , and making her happy at that . 
 after we broke away , haley started telling me about how she had taken over as temporary leader due to my incapacitation . 
 i congratulated her for keeping the group in order during my absence . 
 `` it takes a true leader to step up in the face of certain doom ; it also takes a true leader to do all of what you have done . '' 
 i told her regaining my strength bit by bit . 
 she smiled and we kept talking , not only of just leading the group or my near death experience , but of the way things used to be . 
 the time we made a mini-movie together , how we had gone from hating each other to brother and sister , how we could count on each other for anything and everything . 
 before we knew it , we were both asleep , and all i could remember was having a heart to heart with my sissy . 
 it was a good night . 
 chapter 6 -- haley i woke up that morning very optimistic , more so than usual . 
 i was n't sure why jeremy had n't wanted to leave , but he was awake and alert , that 's what was important . 
 i remembered that i needed to talk to caitlin about our combat tactics , as well as inform her that she was on very thin ice due to the fact that our leader was now incapacitated because of her . 
 i looked for her near her bunk , but she was nowhere to be found in the rv . 
 i stepped outside and i found her sitting on a stump , staring into the sunrise . 
 i approached her , not really knowing what to say . 
 `` hey '' was all i could mutter . 
 she did n't respond . 
 i wanted to tell her she had to straighten up her act , i wanted to tell her off and tell her that our leader was incapacitated because of her , and because of her my brother was nearly killed . 
 what if there was a zombie in that dungeon he was trapped in ? 
 he would have been lunch for an undead , at her hand . 
 i wanted to tell her off so badly , but i could n't bring myself to do so . 
 she seemed so angry and sad at herself already , i wanted to know what she was thinking . 
 i sat down beside the stump , and tried to inquire , but she beat me to the punch . 
 `` i know it 's my fault haley , there 's no need to rub it in . '' 
 i was sort of stunned when i heard her say this ; i suddenly wanted to hear what she had to say . 
 `` i never wanted to hurt anybody haley , you have to believe me . 
 i only wanted what was best . '' 
 she spoke vaguely , as if trying to conceal something . 
 `` i wanted all of us to be safe ; i wanted the best for us . 
 and he was n't what was best . '' 
 she continued . 
 i interrupted her when she started to bash jeremy . 
 `` where do you get off criticizing jeremy for his leading ? 
 last time i checked you were a smuggler and a coward . 
 when the last time you truly took charge like jeremy was does on a daily basis ? 
 i 'd like to see you go through what he has and is going through and see if you can last a day . 
 being a leader is n't all lollipops and gumdrops caitlin , he 's doing a damn fine job and you have to accept ------- `` . 
 she turned and decked me in the face . 
 she then stood and returned to the rv but before she managed to get back inside i got up and slammed her into the side . 
 she tried to struggle free , but i managed to grab the door and slam her against it . 
 i kept my hand on the door and kept smashing it against her face , i had so much pent up aggression that i had n't realized . 
 the girl i saw sulking on the tree stump was gone , it had turned out to be a mask to lure someone in ; that someone had been me , unlucky for caitlin . 
 i kept slamming until i felt hands pulling against me and caitlin , and even then i tried to pull away and keep slamming . 
 finally ; weir , wilson , and ryan all managed to get me off of her . 
 after i let caitlin go she fell to the ground , nearly unconscious , bleeding from the nose and mouth . 
 i thought she deserved that much , but my colleagues seemed to disagree with me . 
 they thought she deserved a lot worse . 
 wilson picked her up like a baby and started walking across the road ; i wondered where he was going until i saw the lake across the field on the other side of the road . 
 wilson was going to dump caitlin into the lake . 
 i think everyone felt she deserved to die , for what she has done to this group . 
 ryan got about halfway across the field , when i saw a few zombies closing in on him . 
 they were what we called runners , they were faster than the average zombie and could jump a few more feet than them as well . 
 i grabbed the walkie-talkie from my waist and talked to him . 
 `` wilson you better get out of there , there 's about 5 runners converging on you and i can now see about 3 regs -lrb- regular zombies -rrb- behind them . '' 
 i saw him look around to identify the zombies . 
 he then set caitlin down and ran back . 
 as if he had planned it , the zombies went after caitlin and not him , thank god . 
 he managed to get back in one piece and thanked me for the heads up . 
 we all proceeded back into the rv , where we were met with jeremy leaning up against a wall near the back . 
 `` so what are we doing today oh gracious leader ? '' 
 he said in a playful tone . 
 everyone stopped in place and looked straight at jeremy . 
 i was stunned as well ; i thought for sure he was here to request his position back from me . 
 `` i 'm still a little bit too weak to lead this group haley ; can you do it for me a bit longer ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i could n't believe my ears . 
 being the leader meant everything to jeremy ; he always said it gave him a certain sense of importance . 
 this was one of the qualities that made jeremy such an amazing leader to begin with , he put the feelings of other people before those of himself . 
 `` sure jeremy , just concentrate on getting your strength back '' i told him . 
 `` will do boss . '' 
 he replied with a huge smile on his face , but i saw the smile fade when he said he had unfinished business to attend to . 
 we all knew what he meant by that , he wanted to go back into that dungeon . 
 `` i want to see what 's up with that place , what it 's made for , that 's why i did n't want to leave yesterday . '' 
 there 's no denying that there has been both a sense of curiosity and awe concerning the dungeon amongst the group ever since we left , but i really did n't want to go back . 
 i watched my brother almost die because of that place , that dungeon was the last place i wanted to revisit . 
 but , leader or not , jeremy is often too stubborn to argue with , especially when it comes to settling a score . 
 we agreed that we would have 3 more people enter the dungeon , and 3 holding the rope and standing guard . 
 i , jeremy , and ryan would go in , while wilson and zach would hold the rope with weir taking guard . 
 i could n't believe we were actually going to go back into that hell-hole . 
 honestly , it scared me quite a bit , but if there was one thing i picked up from jeremy 's leadership , it was to cover your fear with determination , courage , and concentration to your goal . 
 i led the group out of the rv and entered the apartment complex with our signature weapons . 
 we went straight to our destination , the room with the secret hatch . 
 as planned , jeremy , ryan , and i all went down into the dungeon . 
 the light from the open hatch helped a lot with the absence of the flashlight down below , the light must have gone out because i do n't remember picking it up . 
 after all three of us were down , we all started searching the place . 
 after a few moments of searching , i stumbled upon jeremy 's old blood puddle . 
 this was the reason i had n't wanted to come back here , too many bad memories for me . 
 i had seen my brother who was my main protector , on the verge of death at this very spot at my feet . 
 other than that blood puddle , the room seemed completely empty . 
 the walls , roof , and floor were all made of stone , and the only things other than the stone in the room were a small window masked with a net and jeremy 's blood puddle . 
 until , ryan stepped on a peculiar stone . 
 `` hey guys , i think i found something ! '' 
 he called . 
 jeremy and i ran over him as he was taking his foot off the stone and the all in front of him opened . 
 the door led to a small wooden ` panic ' room . 
 two walkers inhabited the room , but were quickly dealt with by ryan . 
 we searched the room thoroughly and found 25 bucks , some twinkees and a poster that read ` if you have made it to this room , you have dabbled in the field of evolution ' . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 jeremy asked . 
 `` remember when you fell down here and nearly died jeremy ? '' 
 i asked `` no haley , i do n't remember this place at all . 
 considering i fell almost to my death here and i was bleeding out and this is the only place i 've seen of it 's kind . '' 
 he said sarcastically . 
 `` well smart-ass , look at us now , exploring this place with ease after your little near death mishap . 
 we learned how to handle this environment and master it . 
 we 've evolved a tiny bit , which is a key to survival . '' 
 i explained . 
 `` nicely done haley . '' 
 he responded , as if what he said were some sort of test toward me . 
 it is highly likely that he would test me that way , given his intelligence in that sort of philosophical and vague riddle fields , but why test me ? 
 is there something that he knows that i do n't ? 
 other than quantum physics , advanced molecular theory , binary code , computer viral structure , and all other things science and technology ? 
 i was wondering what he was thinking . 
 `` come on , let 's get back to the rv '' ryan suggested . 
 i thought he was right , but the expression on jeremy 's face contradicted us . 
 i knew what he was thinking about the subject . 
 `` jeremy just leave it be . '' 
 i scolded him , but he wanted to tear this place down in order to prevent anyone from getting hurt or captured by this eerie place ever again . 
 jeremy had that malice look in his eyes that i knew all too well , but almost miraculously , it vanished . 
 something in his eyes changed , and ive never seen that before in him . 
 he then followed my orders and left it be . 
 this left me in surprise , ive never seen jeremy act this way before . 
 to actually listen to reason , to actually swallow his pride and follow an order . 
 what has happened to him ? 
 whatever it was , it had to stop . 
 this is not jeremy , not the way i knew him . 
 we started to climb up the rope toward the hatch , when he heard weir scream . 
 jeremy , farther up the rope than me or ryan , started climbing faster and with more aggression . 
 i swear i have never seen jeremy 's arms move so fast in my life . 
 when we got to the top , wilson and zach were slashing through zombies with knives , and weir was gone . 
 jeremy jumped on one of the zombies and sliced him with his knife . 
 i have never seen jeremy in such a frenzy before . 
 it 's almost as if the pride to deny my order turned into pure rage inside him . 
 by the time the battle was over , jeremy had wiped out the entire attacking force in half the time it took for wilson and zach to back them off . 
 however , weir was still missing . 
 jeremy quickly examined the room and went over to the window on the other side of the room and jumped out . 
 what was he thinking ! 
 that was at least a 25 foot drop to the ground ! 
 we all ran toward the window , but before we got there , we saw a hand plant itself on the windowsill . 
 then came jeremy and weir pulling each other up from the broken fire escape . 
 when they both were safely inside the complex , weir finally said `` they had me cornered in here , i had to jump , i killed two down there and the ones from the kitchen followed . 
 the weight of them all collapsed the fire escape , but i grabbed a part of the bar . 
 it held me until jeremy came . '' 
 the important thing was that we all were safe , and i was thankful . 
 that ambush could 've ended up very badly , and hopefully jeremy was counting his blessings as i was . 
 chapter 7 -- jeremy well , here we were again , my fatal flaw coming into play and nearly killing us all . 
 my overconfidence and pride almost cost us more than one member . 
 if i was n't so concerned about conquering the dungeon , we would n't have been in any danger ; in fact we would be at least a whole state away from this place by now . 
 maybe it was for the best that haley took over as leader , it would give me time to work on my fatal flaw . 
 we took off headed toward the rv , and i could sense that the mood was different . 
 i guess it was tenser , because they were all probably mad at me . 
 i could n't really blame them ; they needed someone to blame for us nearly being killed , and to be fair it was my fault . 
 we got back to the rv , at which point ryan decided to tell us that the rv was almost finished and that it should only take him a couple more hours to fix . 
 i went into the rv and headed back to the master bedroom . 
 i sat on the bed and looked in the mirror , and i was trying to decide who i was . 
 it seemed as if i was drifting away from myself . 
 i thought back to when i heard weir scream when i was climbing out of the dungeon . 
 i had n't felt such fury and power coarse through my body since ... ... ... ... . 
 i dismissed the thought and laid back onto the bed . 
 it felt like i had shut my eyes for only a few seconds when i heard the engine of the rv rev. i woke up and sat upright , facing the mirror once more . 
 only this time , i saw another figure in the mirror . 
 haley was sitting right behind me . 
 `` good morning '' she said to me , in a slightly more serious tone than she usually speaks in . 
 i turned to her and we stared at each other for what seemed like an eternity . 
 `` haley , what 's going on with everyone ? 
 are you mad at me ? 
 because if you are i completely understand , just say so . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` we 're not mad jeremy , it was n't your fault , what we 're upset about is the fact that your changing so much . '' 
 i instantly knew what she meant . 
 lately , i have been more secluded , more rage has filled me , and i just have n't been myself lately . 
 `` haley , i know i have n't been myself lately , but you guys just have to trust me on this . 
 give me time , i just need time to cope with the situation . 
 i guess the fact that i 'm not the person everyone looks up to anymore does n't help , that kind of gave me some self-confidence , something to help me hold in all of these emotions . 
 a bucket so to speak i guess , but now i 'm trying to hold everything on my own . 
 my father , caitlin , the incident , i feel like i 'm falling apart . '' 
 i hung my head , feeling so weak and so worthless . 
 here i was expressing i was feeling to my little sister , who thought the world of me . 
 i was expecting her to get up and walk away , but instead she wrapped me in a hug and told me `` you never have to do anything alone , you should know that by now . 
 what did we do when you were trapped in that dungeon , we got you out . 
 your never alone jeremy , as long as you have all of us . '' 
 i thought on these words for a little bit , and knew they were true . 
 i always thought i had to do everything on my own , when in reality i did n't have to . 
 i had my group for a reason , and my pride was telling me to be a lone wolf . 
 `` now where 's the badass big brother that kills zombies for a living and is a hell of a second in command ? '' 
 she asked me . 
 we pulled away and pointed at myself . 
 it was kind of a juvenile thing to do , but i felt it was time to be a little silly . 
 we got up and walked back into the living quarters , the rv was already on the move . 
 wilson , who was on driving duty , told me we were about 2 miles away from the complex . 
 `` what about the land mines we found when we drove into town ? '' 
 i asked him `` we took care of those when you were out cold after the incident . '' 
 he responded . 
 i nodded and walked back into the living quarters . 
 `` so guys , how do you think haley 's doing as my replacement ? '' 
 i asked them all . 
 they were all taken by surprise at the question , but they all stated that she was doing a good job , and that if anything happened to me that they knew who to turn to . 
 `` that wo n't be necessary '' i continued `` because she 's holding the position for a while , if she would n't mind . '' 
 she looked at me as if i were crazy . 
 that discussion i had just had with her must have made her think that i was going to request my position back , but i knew it meant as much to her as it did to me . 
 `` you deserve this haley , your leadership can only be paralleled by me , and you 've only been in the position for a few days . 
 i have a feeling you will do better than i ever did . '' 
 i told her . 
 the shock on her face started to dissipate and she finally choked out `` i 'll be happy to take over for a while jeremy , but you got ta promise you 'll come back into the role someday . '' 
 she told me . 
 i nodded and told her i would , but not for a while . 
 everyone was excited for haley that she was being given this chance to prove herself , and from what i could tell , no one was going to doubt her abilities . 
 about a half-hour later , we stopped at a convenience store where me and wilson switched driving shifts . 
 he immediately crashed on the closest couch and took a nap . 
 a well-deserved nap as well , he has been under so much stress lately . 
 as i was backing out of the parking lot of the store , i noticed something peculiar . 
 there was a red line darting around the rv , kind of like a laser-pointer . 
 it took me a few moments to realize what was going on , but eventually i realized it was a sniper . 
 not a moment after my mind comprehended the thought , i gunned the reverse . 
 the rv flew backwards as the first shot fired . 
 the bullet missed the rv , but it appeared that the rv was n't the assailant 's intentional target . 
 there were propane tanks next to the rv that were shot instead . 
 the resulting explosion caused the rv to tip back onto the two back wheels , still flying backward . 
 i then felt a huge slam as the rv crashed into the building across the street from the store with the roof colliding straight into the front wall . 
 the recoil put the rv back upright , but it would n't start . 
 in the back i could hear haley yelling for everyone to get down to the ground . 
 it seems she had noticed the sniper as well . 
 i kept trying to turn the rv back on , but each turn of the key proved futile . 
 more red sniper beams emerged by the second , and i knew we were running out of time . 
 with each turn of the key , i got more and more anxious . 
 after a few more turns , i heard haley yell for me to get down . 
 in order to honor the new leader , i obeyed and went back into the living quarters . 
 i then developed a plan in my head , but it was easier thought of than done . 
 i kicked the door of the rv down and ran outside . 
 as i did so , i could hear everyone yelling my name , but i never looked back . 
 i took cover behind a building beside the rv . 
 i saw red beams bouncing around from the store . 
 i then sprinted out of my cover and back to the rv with my hands in the air , palms open and upward . 
 this was now known to be the universal sign of peace and no harm is meant . 
 a few seconds after i reached the rv , i heard a faint voice yell `` hold your fire ! '' . 
 i was thinking that my plan had worked , but i could n't be fully sure just yet . 
 then came a louder voice magnified by a megaphone `` we request a meeting , send one of yours into the store , and we will send ours . '' 
 the voice was n't quite gruff , but was n't welcoming either . 
 kind of like a father having a serious talk with their kid . 
 haley and i looked at each other , and she told everyone to stay put , but with guns ready . 
 `` jeremy , come with me '' she told me . 
 i obeyed and followed her to the convenience store entrance , both doing the universal sign of peace . 
 we opened the front doors and found 2 people among the empty rows of shelves . 
 one looked like an elderly man , early 50 's , out of shape with pitch black hair and glasses . 
 beside him was a teenager dressed in camo , probably 15 or 16 , with long blonde hair with black highlights , very much in shape . 
 `` are you bandits ? '' 
 the elder one asked . 
 `` no '' haley responded back `` we just stopped here to change our drivers . '' 
 she explained . 
 i found that the girl had her eyes locked on me , not in an intimidating way , more like an attractive way . 
 `` i apologize on behalf of our scout , he sounded the bandit alarm , and we have had a few bandit mishaps already , we did n't want to take any chances . '' 
 the elder explained . 
 `` my name is harold lunsford , and this is my daughter , ashley . '' 
 he said , introducing the girl . 
 she took a polite curtsey , but kept her eyes locked on me . 
 haley introduced her and me . 
 `` would you and your group like to join us for dinner ? 
 we have plenty of food . '' 
 haley contemplated on this for a moment , and then accepted the gesture . 
 mr. lunsford told us to be back at the store at 6:00 pm for dinner . 
 we then returned to the rv to fill the group in . 
 it was 4:30 ; dinner would start in an hour and a half . 
 `` we need to be prepared if worse comes to worse . '' 
 haley told us . 
 `` we need to conceal as many weapons as possible , just in case this is a trap . '' 
 she then handed each of us a handgun fully loaded with an additional clip to put in our pocket , and a retractable dagger . 
 we also put in our small ear pieces so we can contact each other if need be . 
 by the time 5:45 rolled around , we were ready for anything that could possibly happen at this dinner . 
 we went to the store doors and were let in by what appeared to be mr. lunsford 's son . 
 he was short and stout , much like mr. lunsford , but much younger . 
 he led us into an office room that probably served as the main office of the store in the days before the outbreak . 
 there was a whole buffet on the table . 
 turkey , ham , and cheese sandwiches , mashed potatoes , corn , broccoli , assorted cheeses , and assorted drinks were all on the table . 
 mr. lunsford sat at the far end of the table with ashley right next to him . 
 his son took the empty seat on the other side of him , while other members of their group started to file in . 
 everyone took their seats , and we followed their example . 
 mr. lunsford started introducing his group to us . 
 his son was named justin ; they had a tech expert , noah barkely ; an engineer , gabe skiles ; a storekeeper , robert maxwell ; and a gun expert , lee chung . 
 haley then introduced our group to them , and also informed them that we lost one person . 
 personally , i thought this was a bit too much information to be released on the first meeting , but it 's haley 's call . 
 after the introductions , we started eating . 
 the food tasted odd , i could n't put my finger on what it was , but nothing tasted as it should have . 
 i thought it may have been a matter of not having these foods in so long , until weir collapsed . 
 then went wilson and ryan . 
 haley and i shot each other a quick look before we collapsed as well . 
 i could n't put my finger on how much time had passed , but i awoke in a cold , windowless , white room in a haze . 
 `` ah mr. bene is awake '' a voice coming from the speakers on the ceiling announced . 
 `` good morning sir , i trust you had a nice nap . '' 
 i stood up in confusion , i had no idea where i was , where anyone else was , or how to get out of this place . 
 `` i hope you liked the dinner we spiked especially for you . '' 
 it was now obvious that mr. lunsford was the voice that was coming from the speakers . 
 i did n't know anything that was going on . 
 `` the hell is goin ' on ? '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` what we fed you was the last of our food '' lunsford responded `` what you have in your group can last us for 6 months at least . '' 
 `` why the hell did you feed my group the last of your food ? '' 
 i asked `` it was a simple trade really '' lunsford shot back `` that food would 've only lasted us for about 3 more weeks , we now have a food supply that will last us 6 months . 
 get it ? '' 
 i was stunned . 
 these men were cannibals ; these men were out of their minds . 
 were they even human ? 
 how could one man eat another under any circumstance ? 
 where were my friends ? 
 chapter 8 -- haley everything was fuzzy and swirling . 
 nothing seemed familiar or real . 
 the only thing i could think about was where i was . 
 `` oh , so they are all awake now '' a voice boomed over the intercom that was in the top corner of the room . 
 `` good morning mrs. taylor , how are you faring from your nap ? '' 
 the voice continued . 
 the voice sounded familiar , thought i could n't put my finger on it . 
 the only thing i could think about was where i could be and how to get out . 
 i looked around , but the only things to be found were 4 white walls , a white floor & ceiling , fluorescent lights above , and the intercom in the corner . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 i managed to croak out . 
 `` what 's happening is your little group has provided us with food for months , we would be fools to pass it up . '' 
 i then realized the voice talking to me over the intercom was the voice of harold lunsford . 
 i should 've known better , every group that is overly genuine are either stupid , or bandits . 
 one thing was for sure now , i had to get out of here and help my friends ... ... assuming they were still alive . 
 i used what jeremy had taught me about seemingly closed rooms ; there is always a door . 
 i put my hands to the wall and held my face about 2 millimeters from it . 
 i started to slide along the smooth , cold wall trying to find anything resembling a door . 
 i noticed a very thin line that looked out of place , if it were n't for me being so close i would n't have caught it . 
 it was so thin that i could n't even feel it . 
 i checked my pockets to see if anything was left . 
 sure enough , the only thing they did n't take was the one thing i needed . 
 an eraser cap that was actually a camouflaged grenade . 
 ryan was in the military during the outbreak and used his status to get us some fancy toys to defend ourselves . 
 this thing would explode 5 seconds after a pencil is put into it with the force of an actual military grade grenade . 
 i stuck my pinkie finger in and heard a microscopic `` click '' . 
 hurriedly , i stuck it into the thin crevice and dove to the back of the room . 
 a huge boom shook the room as the door was blown off the wall and into the next room . 
 i brushed off the dust and plaster on me and rushed out the door . 
 before i even got 2 feet into the next room i was met with a fist . 
 i fell backward and landed on the half-destroyed door . 
 mr. lunsford was now standing above me . 
 `` oh it 's going to be delightful eating the meat from you , haley '' he taunted `` so much fire , spice , adrenaline ; just how i ... ... ... . '' 
 he was interrupted by his daughter walking in . 
 `` that 's what we 're doing to these people ? '' 
 she screamed `` eating them ? 
 you told me we were examining them for diseases , and i thought holding them like this was wrong then ! '' 
 she had so much fire in her eyes , so much passion to do what was right . 
 she reminded me of jeremy in a way . 
 `` dear daughter '' lunsford chimed `` we need food to survive , what happens when the food we have runs out ? '' 
 `` then we find more , we do n't act as if we are one of the infected ! '' 
 she yelled back . 
 `` naïve child , not everything in this world is picture perfect as you would want it to be , things change and we must adapt . 
 we must fend for ourselves and not live in some juvenile fantasy ! '' 
 lunsford was starting to raise his voice . 
 `` but father , this is not right ! '' 
 she screamed , clutching her father 's arm . 
 he then shoved her aside and she fell to the ground . 
 he did n't hesitate that he just knocked his daughter to the ground ; he immediately turned back to me . 
 i hopped back up to my feet and stood in a combat stance . 
 he tried to rush me , but i rolled out of the way , sending him sprawling into the prison chamber . 
 i looked over at the control console for the room and saw a button labeled `` emergency lockdown '' . 
 i did n't know what it would do , but i hoped it was useful . 
 i pressed it and watched solid iron bars drop down from the top of the room 's doorway . 
 lunsford lunged to beat the bars before they reached the ground , but just as he reached the doorway he was kicked in the face and forced back into the room . 
 he sprawled backwards and landed on his back just as the bars reached the floor . 
 i was stunned to see ashley standing next to the bars , my only explanation was that she was probably finished with taking her father 's punishment . 
 `` i 'm sorry he did this to you and your friends '' she muttered as she walked closer to me . 
 `` here , this will help you rescue your friends , just insert it into the card slot of every cell and they will open . '' 
 she told me , handing me her security keycard . 
 we turned toward the prison cell and shook her head . 
 when she turned to walk away i blurted `` come with me . '' 
 she turned back to me in shock as if i had just yelled at her . 
 `` you want me to come with you ? '' 
 she asked , obviously confused . 
 `` it 's the least i can do for what you have done for my group , and i promise we eat real food , not people . '' 
 she smiled and gave me a hug . 
 `` thank you '' she whispered `` i would like a real family . '' 
 it had only just occurred to me that maybe the violence from her father happened more frequently than was let on . 
 i felt bad for her , and so i felt no regret inviting her into the group . 
 we then turned and walked down the corridor to find my friends . 
 she knew this place inside and out . 
 the place was huge , but she never got lost . 
 we went to each cell and got each of my friends out . 
 they were all obviously shocked to see me , but they were even more shocked to see ashley helping us . 
 part of the group was a little against the new addition , however , one of the strongest supporters of ashley 's addition was jeremy . 
 `` she was obviously brainwashed by her father , she really means well . '' 
 he argued . 
 `` how do you know she 's not just staging it jeremy ? '' 
 weir argued back . 
 `` because i know her type , i used to be just like her . '' 
 jeremy responded . 
 everyone looked puzzled . 
 as ashley led us out of the facility , jeremy explained his ordeal that was similar to hers . 
 `` when i was a kid , i got involved in a really bad crowd , like a gang crowd . 
 basically the only reason i did so was because my mom was on drugs and basically was an utter bitch that wanted me dead and made my life hell . 
 i had a longing for an actual family , much like ashley . 
 trust me guys , i can see it in her eyes . 
 all she wants is a family . '' 
 jeremy 's speech touched everyone ; they all ended up dropping their resentments and apologized . 
 ashley forgave them , and thanked jeremy for defending her . 
 `` i 've never had anyone stand up for me like that before , thank you . '' 
 she sounded so sincere , as if she 's never had anyone talk even remotely nice to her in her life . 
 we certainly had a lot to learn about his girl . 
 ashley led us out of the underground fortress and back into the gas station . 
 i almost forgot that there were more goons than just ashley 's father . 
 her brother and 3 other guys still remained browsing the gas station . 
 `` i wonder when harold 's going to call us down for dinner , i 'm starved . '' 
 one of them complained . 
 `` just shut up and stock idiot '' , replied another . 
 they were stocking the shelves with goods they got from the rv . 
 ashley walked out from behind the counter we were hiding behind . 
 `` hey guys , my dad said dinner 's ready ! 
 ribs , steak and roast ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 all of the goons dropped what they were doing and rushed to the door to the underground fortress . 
 the entire group worked together to push the band of goons down the stairs as they rushed passed us . 
 ashley ran up and locked the door from the outside . 
 `` they wo n't be bothering us anymore . '' 
 she bragged , clapping the dust off her hands . 
 the group then started gathering the goods from the gas station and returned them to the rv . 
 we all piled into the rv , jeremy taking the wheel once again , and drove away vowing never to return to this godforsaken place again . 
 chapter 9 -- jeremy i could n't have asked for a better leader of the group . 
 haley was doing a magnificent job . 
 how she handled the gas station incident was probably better than what i could have done . 
 she was now cuddling with ryan in their usual spot , weir was now in the cockpit after his switch with me , zach was on the couch napping , wilson was checking our weapons , and me and ashley were sitting with our backs to the wall opposite wilson . 
 `` so i 'm confused . '' 
 she told me `` does this group have any kind of leader ? '' 
 `` in this group , there really is no definite leader in regards to giving commands , our leader is determined by determination , heart , and courage . 
 i used to be the leader , but i got ... ... ... incapacitated , so haley took over . 
 i have n't asked for my status back yet . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` she 's proven herself time and time again , so i decided to let her keep the rank , at least for a while . '' 
 ashley stared at me almost wide-eyed , and i smiled timidly back at her . 
 `` so everyone listened to you and respected you , followed your orders . 
 and you gave it all up to make someone else feel happy and important ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded , and her expression deepened . 
 it seemed as though she was stunned by the fact that i would give away my leadership to my best friend . 
 `` honestly , i 've never met someone who was n't power hungry . 
 my father , my brother , my cousins ; the other guys you saw in the store , and to find out that i know someone who is the complete opposite ... ... . . '' 
 she explained , seeming shocked . 
 i did n't question the shock , it was understandable . 
 i grasped her arm , looked into her eyes and told her `` there is n't one quality in common with all people . 
 greed and envy is popular in your family , but on the contrary , in mine there is selflessness , courage , and dignity . '' 
 she looked back at me with gleaming eyes . 
 `` i know that now '' she told me as she embraced me in a hug . 
 `` thank you for getting me out of that terrible place . '' 
 `` no problem '' i replied softly `` i 'm glad me and haley did , you did n't deserve any of what you got there . '' 
 she started crying in my arms at that point . 
 `` you really think so ? '' 
 she asked between sobs . 
 `` no ... ... . 
 i know so . 
 you 're a sweet girl ash , full of kindness , compassion and love . 
 you did n't belong there . 
 you belong here , with friends . '' 
 i reassured her . 
 she looked up at me with her glimmering bright blue eyes and tears streaming down her rosy red cheeks . 
 i wiped them away and grabbed a paper towel from under the cupboard next to us for her to blow her nose . 
 `` not friends , family '' she said after she had calmed herself . 
 i did n't know what she meant at first , but then i remembered what i had told her . 
 i smiled and she laughed . 
 i guess i was blushing , because my face felt like an iron had just been placed on it . 
 she then nestled her head in my chest and fell asleep . 
 staring down at the girl , i felt as if she needed a shield . 
 sure , she had such a tough exterior and could handle herself quite well , but her inside emotions were probably so torn and damaged that she could n't take much more punishment . 
 i know what it feels like to be on the breaking point first hand . 
 i felt it was my responsibility to protect this girl , no matter what happens . 
 i was probably this girl 's new safe haven at this point , considering where she was and how she was behaving . 
 this girl was special , she needed someone to protect her , and regardless of how good haley was at being a leader , i felt i could protect ashley more than anyone else . 
 i kept my eyes on ash , sleeping peacefully on my chest . 
 i decided to put my head on hers , drifting off to sleep . 
 the last thing i thought about that night was my final decision to protect ashley at all costs . 
 i woke up at the crack of dawn with ashley on top of me . 
 i was flat on my back , while she was lying on my body , with her head on my collarbone and neck . 
 i tried to roll her off , but woke her up in the process . 
 `` what 's going ------ oh my gosh jeremy i 'm sorry ! '' 
 she said scrambling to the floor . 
 we just sat there and stared at each other for the longest time . 
 i felt myself blush , while at the same time she was blushing as well . 
 i then got up and helped her up . . 
 `` it 's ok ash , nothin ' to worry about . '' 
 her upset frown turned into a timid smile as a `` thanks '' escaped her lips . 
 `` hey haley , jeremy ! '' 
 ryan cried from the cockpit `` you guys might want to see this ! '' 
 we both rushed to the cockpit to see a manmade roadblock sitting in front of the rv . 
 we did n't see anyone around , so we got out of the rv . 
 zach went up and looked at the giant cinderblocks going across the road . 
 ryan walked around looking for anyone around . 
 i found a twinkee wrapper at my feet , the icing was still fresh , it was n't molded or crusted , it was actually still in it 's icing structure form . 
 someone had help up here not too long ago , but who ? 
 and where did they go ? 
 i heard a scream and immediately turned around . 
 a man in what looked like tattered blue camo had a hold of haley with his huge forearm wrapped around her neck . 
 i pulled my pistol from my back pocket and took aim at the captor . 
 `` not so fast youngin '' ' a voice from behind me boomed . 
 i turned back around and found another military man dressed in regular camo holding ashley and weir by the back of their shirts . 
 `` what 're y ' all doin ' in these parts youngin ' ? '' 
 asked the main in the regular camo . 
 behind him , i could see ryan looking over a cinderblock with his gun drawn . 
 it did n't look like the men in camo had noticed him yet , and where were wilson and zach ? 
 nevertheless , i could probably use ryan 's stealth to my advantage . 
 `` listen , we can talk about this '' i told the men trying to calm them down . 
 `` just put my friends down , and we 'll leave you be . '' 
 i already knew these guys were n't going to let us go easy , they 're not that type . 
 i was trying to stall for time to pick my target and to allow ryan to pick his . 
 `` sorry youngin ' , we ca n't allow y ' all to leave here , or we run the risk of more people showin ' up here , more mouths to feed y ' know ? '' 
 the man in the blue camo raised his gun , and as he did so i quickly brought up mine . 
 `` ryan ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 i fell to the ground and shot the blue camo man 's kneecap out . 
 i heard another shot , and i hoped it was ryan . 
 as the blue camo man fell , haley rolled out of his grasp and stabbed him in the head with her knife . 
 i turned to see the man in the regular camo falling with ashley and weir rolling out of his path downward . 
 both of their radios buzzed , `` repeated gunshots , seemed to come from c quadrant . 
 all units converge . '' 
 i thought we were completely screwed , until another voice buzzed over the radio . 
 `` targets neutralized , bodies being disposed of as we speak . 
 converging is no longer necessary . '' 
 the voice sounded familiar , but i could n't pinpoint it 's familiarity . 
 `` passcode , c quadrant . '' 
 the original voice spoke . 
 `` carpediem '' responded the second . 
 `` roger '' buzzed the original voice `` return to your posts men . '' 
 i checked to see if weir , haley , and ashley were ok . 
 ashley was hunched over on the ground . 
 as i helped her up , she wrapped her arms around me and started to cry . 
 i took her head in my arms and let her cry . 
 a few moments later ; ryan , wilson , and zach hopped over one of the cinderblocks . 
 `` where were you guys ? '' 
 i asked zach and weir . 
 `` when you guys got trapped by those army guys we tried to flank them , but got caught ourselves by another guy . 
 former navy by the look of him . 
 we knocked him out and took his radio . 
 when we heard the alert we used the radio . 
 the passcode was on the back of the radio , apparently the soldier was very forgetful . '' 
 somehow it had all worked out , without even talking we all executed a flawless take-down plan . 
 this proved how much we knew each other and how well we worked together . 
 this group was going to survive this damned plague . 
 chapter 10 -- haley it was nice to have a little girl time . 
 ashley decided to bunk with me tonight and we could n't have had more fun . 
 basically we had the normal girl 's slumber party in the master bedroom ; pillow fights , makeovers , girl talk , our strategies on surviving the apocalypse , etcetera . 
 i felt bad for the girl ; she 's had such a rough childhood , even before the outbreak . 
 i can relate to her , my life was n't exactly glamorous either . 
 divorced parents , hatred towards my father and brother , kind of what ashley went through . 
 `` haley '' she asked me `` what does love feel like ? '' 
 she must have seen myself and ryan around and pieced together that we were together . 
 it had n't occurred to me that she had never felt love before . 
 she did n't know how to love a man , because of what her family did to her . 
 `` well , ashley '' i started to respond , `` you just feel it . 
 trust me , you 'll know when it happens . '' 
 a smile appeared on ashley 's face . 
 i assumed she knew something that i did n't know , but i decided not to press the matter . 
 a knock then came at the door . 
 zach walked in , `` hey girls , can you give me a hand ? 
 everyone else is asleep . '' 
 he asked . 
 we nodded and followed him out of the room . 
 out of the rv windows we could see storage units , we were probably at a storage facility center . 
 `` if we can get into one of these units , we could probably find something useful '' zach explained . 
 we walked out of the rv and strolled down the rows of storage units . 
 we finally found one that 's door was cracked down the middle . 
 probably form someone who had wanted to get their things out after the outbreak . 
 or maybe it was just from someone who had wanted to escape the herd . 
 `` i 'll grab the shovel from the rv . '' 
 zach said . 
 `` you girls just keep watch ok ? '' 
 ashley and i nodded as zach returned to the rv . 
 i stepped up to the door of the storage unit and tried to look into the crack . 
 it was n't that big , so i did n't really expect to see much . 
 all i saw was darkness and slight shimmers of glowing concrete and various materials in the glow of the light seeping into the crack . 
 i could 've swore i saw something move , but it was too dark to really see much and i had gotten more paranoid since jeremy 's incident . 
 zach promptly returned with a shovel , and tried to pry open the crack further . 
 i heard the sound of metal creaking , but i could hear something else as well . 
 `` stop '' i hissed at zach , who was slowly but surely getting the door open . 
 the crack was about double its size now , to which i could probably peep inside . 
 i walked up and looked inside again . 
 it seemed as if something were waiting for me , because as soon as my right eye touched the door , something came up and hit it . 
 i recoiled back and started to fall , but ashley caught me . 
 at this point , i could n't see out of my right eye , but my left caught the site of zach smashing the object that blinded me with the shovel . 
 as zach smashed , more blood spewed from the thing and it eventually retreated back into the unit . 
 the object that attacked me did n't exactly look like a zombie hand , it looked more like a tentacle more than anything else . 
 `` what the hell was that thing ? '' 
 ashley yelled . 
 `` i have no idea , should we check it out haley ? '' 
 zach asked . 
 i had n't realized i was still in ashley 's arms , so i regained my composure and thought about it . 
 we had no idea what we were up against , and my sight was still pretty bad . 
 we had no idea of ashley 's combat skills , come to think of it we had n't really actually found a place for her yet . 
 we had no idea what her expertise was , i was n't even sure she knew . 
 i made the decision that we would pry open the door some more and see if that was the only creature lurking inside the unit . 
 zach then stepped up to the door and started to pry some more . 
 the crack was now as wide as zach 's spade was long , whatever was in there could now easily jump out and take us by surprise . 
 i held the gun in one hand and the flashlight in the other as i stepped closer to the hole in the door . 
 i got about a foot away from the door when the tentacle jumped . 
 i sidestepped it just in time and it barely grazed my hair . 
 out of instinct , zach slashed it with the shovel and i fired a shot . 
 it looked like a clean shot and slash , there was a giant hole in the middle of the tentacle and a little bit was chopped off from the shovel . 
 as quick as it happened , it started to unhappen . 
 as soon as the little piece of tentacle that was chopped off hit the ground , the rest of it disappeared back into the unit . 
 i shone the flashlight into the unit and immediately wished i had n't , what was inside was both terrifying and disgusting . 
 it looked as if 10-15 zombies and husks had conjoined somehow and started to sprout tentacles . 
 not only that , but they had 16 eyes so far out of their heads that they were almost falling out , their noses were only half of what they should have been , their ears were missing , their mouths had only one lip and their teeth were super-sized , all the while it looked as if there were spiders crawling underneath the skin . 
 it was so disgusting , i nearly vomited . 
 it looked as if zach and ashley were going to as well . 
 `` it 's a sprouter . '' 
 zach said , dubbing the zombie abomination with a clever name . 
 at this , i wondered whether there were more of them , or if this was just a one-time freak of nature . 
 either way , it had to die . 
 ashley and i raised our guns toward the monster and started to shoot . 
 as each shot hit , the monster let out a bloodcurdling scream , each one louder and more terrifying than the last . 
 after about half a clip each from me and ashley , the ` sprouter ' as zach had called it , finally went down . 
 `` we had to pick the one unit out of like 150 that had a mutated freak of nature inside . 
 we must be pretty damn unlucky . '' 
 said zach . 
 ashley and i stepped closer to the door and shone our flashlights inside . 
 there did n't appear to be anything else inside , so i signaled for zach to come over and help me check it out while ashley stood watch . 
 zach and i entered the unit and searched around , trying as much as possible to avoid the dead sprouter in the middle of the unit and trying to overcome the ungodly stench . 
 at first the unit seemed useless , nothing but a bunch of beakers , glassware , and science books , as well as just a waste of ammo , however , as soon as the thought entered my mind , i heard zach gasp . 
 i turned around and saw him hunched over an open drawer . 
 `` find something ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not just anything , this is probably the reason someone was trying to break into this place . '' 
 he replied . 
 i walked over to him , curious at what this item could possibly be . 
 as i got behind him , he turned to show me . 
 i shone my flashlight on the item in his hands , or in this case , items . 
 there were tiny gems in his hands , unlike anything i 've ever seen . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my mom used to be a jeweler . 
 she taught me what certain jewels looked like . 
 these specific gems look as if they are each a mix of oxblood coral , citrine , hessanite garnet , and crysoberyl . '' 
 he responded in amazement . 
 `` what 's so special about these gems zach ? 
 why would someone store them here ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 `` separate , these gems have no real use other than decoration . 
 but with all of their chemical properties mixed ... ... ... it may be a long shot but i think we have found an antidote ! '' 
 zach said with glee . 
 an antidote ? 
 this easily ? 
 it seemed a little far-fetched to me , but it was at least worth a look considering it was the only lead we had . 
 `` look around for any sort of identification on who this unit belonged to , maybe we can see if this is credible . '' 
 i told zach . 
 zach nodded and started searching around . 
 i feared we would have to search that disgusting sprouter , if so , it would definitely be a last resort . 
 i searched every shelf , drawer , and cubby in the unit , but no names , information or anything relating to the unit 's previous owner , which seemed a little odd to me . 
 the only thing i found that remotely gave us any clue were beakers and science-related things . 
 after about 15 minutes of searching , we decided that we had to search the sprouter . 
 we approached it and saw that it 's skin was still crawling with whatever it had under its skin . 
 i swear this thing looked like a sweaty fat guy painted dark blue with huge beetles crawling under his skin . 
 i stuck my hand into its left pocket , and zach stuck his hand into the right . 
 the pocket felt as hot as an oven and as squishy and lumpy as tapioca pudding . 
 as i fished around in the pocket , it felt as if the pocket were eating my hand and lower arm . 
 i finally got a grip on something , so i tried to pull out , but my arm would n't budge . 
 the suction from the tapioca-like body substance seemed to keep me in . 
 `` zach i need help ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 he came over to me and saw my hand stuck in the sprouter . 
 he wrapped his arms around my waist , as i tried to keep my grip on the object in its pocket . 
 `` on three '' zach told me `` one ... ... ... . . 
 two ... ... ... ... three ! '' 
 at that , zach started to pull and i did my best to pull my entire body weight backwards . 
 i felt my arm starting to slip away . 
 it felt disgusting , it smelled disgusting , and now it sounded disgusting . 
 the sound of it was somewhere of a mix between a whoopee cushion , silly putty , flarp , and water sloshing in a boot . 
 zach and i kept bulling until my arm was completely free . 
 we fell backwards and zach nearly hit his head on the door . 
 i looked at the object in my hand that i had managed to retrieve from the dead sprouter , and it looked like a wallet . 
 the wallet looked torn and ragged , almost worn out . 
 as i opened it , i could swear i saw some webs in the seams . 
 i looked at the driver 's license and it read ` richard morgan ' . 
 it also read that he lived in colorado springs , which was not too far from here . 
 with his address , we could track this guy down , provided he was n't involved in the sprouter . 
 i compared the id picture to the many faces on the sprouter , none of which looked like the richard morgan in the picture , but then again , none of the faces in the sprouter really looked human . 
 zach and i stepped out of the unit to find jeremy and ashley talking ; both of them were smiling and giggling . 
 `` hey haley '' he said to me `` i heard shots ; just making sure everyone was alright . '' 
 jeremy was always the protective one , especially when it came to me . 
 `` we 're fine jeremy , but i think there is something you 'd find interesting in this storage unit . '' 
 i responded . 
 jeremy looked puzzled , and so i grabbed his hand and pulled him over to the storage unit . 
 i pulled him within eyesight of the abomination and jeremy 's face immediately turned green . 
 `` zach calls it a sprouter . '' 
 i said happily and with a sarcastic smile . 
 `` can we keep him please jeremy ? '' 
 he stared at me almost wide-eyed . 
 `` you must be out of your frikkin ' mind . '' 
 he told me . 
 i smiled , becoming amused by jeremy 's shock . 
 `` oh yeah , and zach found something that might be able to help us . '' 
 i continued . 
 `` what is it zach ? '' 
 jeremy asked . 
 zach then held out his hands and showed jeremy the gems that he and i had found in the unit . 
 jeremy stared at the gems intently `` they 're a brilliant shade of orange , but other than that , what am i looking at ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i should 've known he was going to make a remark about the color , orange was his favorite color and his guilty obsession . 
 `` this gem is a mix of 4 different gems that , if put together , are chemically unstable and unpredictable , however , most likely not dangerous . 
 the way the gem behaves is similar to the behavior of penicillin was described of having back in the day . 
 it 's a long shot , but there is a chance that this gem may contribute to finding a cure . 
 what 's more is we found this in a scientist 's storage unit . 
 there 's enough evidence to support it . '' 
 zach explained . 
 jeremy had a mixed expression , it was an expression i have never seen on him before . 
 it seemed to be a mix of hope , skepticism , intrigue , and confusion . 
 `` how do you know this zach ? '' 
 he finally asked . 
 `` my mom told me about 3 gem combinations that have never been done before due to their unpredictability when she was teaching me about the chemical properties of gems . 
 this one is oxblood coral , citrine , hessonite garnet , and chrysoberyl . 
 the other two combinations are onyx , amethyst , spinel , and snowflake obsidian , as well as the mix of tourmaline , aquamarine , goshenite , and adulara . '' 
 zach explained . 
 `` this scientist must 've known what he was doing in order to create such a specific gem combination . '' 
 jeremy stared at the gems again , almost unsure of what to think . 
 `` what do you think haley ? '' 
 he asked as he turned to me . 
 `` i think it 's the closest shot we have to finding a cure , i say we should go for it . '' 
 i responded . 
 what i said was true , but i feared it would be a giant waste of time , effort , and resources . 
 `` then well done zach , never thought you 're skills as a jeweler would come in handy someday . '' 
 jeremy said winking at zach . 
 zach proceeded to punch jeremy in the arm , and put the gems in his pocket . 
 we decided to go back to the rv and try to get some sleep ; it had been a long night . 
 zach and i walked next to each other behind jeremy and ashley . 
 we walked far enough behind them that we were out of earshot . 
 `` i think jeremy has a little crush . '' 
 zach remarked . 
 i smiled , not being able to get the thought out of my head . 
 i had never considered it , but jeremy seems to act a little bit differently around ashley . 
 `` now that you mention it zach , i think you 're right . '' 
 i remembered how much love i was in with ryan the first day we spent together , i wondered if jeremy and ashley were having that same feeling for one another . 
 that was when i really started to think about it . 
 was jeremy the one she was referencing when she asked me about love ? 
 it was too random to just be a curious question . 
 we finally got back to the rv , and zach immediately crashed on the couch . 
 jeremy told ashley and i goodnight and crashed in the passenger seat of the cockpit . 
 ashley and i returned to the master bedroom and started talking . 
 `` hey ashley , can i ask you something ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` sure '' `` do you like jeremy ? '' 
 as soon as the words escaped my mouth , ashley started to blush . 
 `` is it that obvious ? ' 
 she asked . 
 `` to the outside , yes , but do n't worry , jeremy can be pretty dumb and oblivious sometimes . '' 
 i told her as i smiled . 
 this could be good for jeremy , ashley is a nice girl . 
 jeremy 's had some pretty crappy girlfriends in the past , the worst of which cheated on him twice and left him multiple times , but he was still hypnotized by her and thought she was the one . 
 however , with my help he was slapped out of her trance and left her , for good . 
 `` i hope that if we do get together , we are as happy as you and ryan are . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i know you will be , you two seem great for each other . '' 
 i replied in excitement . 
 at that i saw her let out a huge yawn . 
 `` why do n't we get to be ? 
 it 's been a long night and we 're both exhausted . '' 
 i suggested . 
 ashley nodded her head and laid her head on the pillow on the right side of the bed . 
 `` goodnight haley . '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` goodnight ash . '' 
 i replied . 
 chapter 11 -- jeremy i woke up that morning feeling something i have n't felt in a long time ... ... . . 
 hope . 
 all this time we have been surviving we have had courage , resiliency , and determination ... ... . 
 but it only felt as if we were delaying the inevitable . 
 now we actually had a reason to keep fighting , to keep trudging on . 
 we may very well have the saving grace of the human race in our possession . 
 we ca n't get our hopes too high , however . 
 this combination of gems has the same likelihood to release huge amounts of carbon monoxide and kill us in our sleep . 
 however , it is the biggest shot we 've got , so we basically have no choice . 
 i looked to my left to see wilson still passed out , when he woke up it would be his turn to drive . 
 i stood up and went back into the living quarters . 
 zach was still passed out on the couch and weir was in the booth reading a book . 
 i walked over to the booth and sat down opposite him . 
 `` what 's up man ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he promptly put down the book . 
 `` hey jeremy , wassup ? '' 
 he responded . 
 `` kinda crazy is n't it ? 
 going from friends over the internet to each other 's life preservers . 
 i want to thank you andy for being here , helping us . '' 
 i told him . 
 weir and i really have n't sat down to talk man-to-man since the outbreak started , it 's kinda nice to have this time with him . 
 `` it 's no problem dude , you guys are my friends , i 'll have your backs no matter what and i know you guys have mine . 
 hell , you 've already saved my ass a million times . '' 
 he reminded me . 
 weir and i always had something similar about one another , but we could never figure out what . 
 now i 'm starting to realize that it is more so our selflessness , courage , and determination . 
 `` you 've saved my ass quite a few times too bud , remember texas ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` of course i remember texas ! 
 the only time i got to shoot a horde with a minigun . '' 
 he said , chuckling . 
 back in the first weeks of the outbreak , we were driving through texas to try to find weir 's stash of weapons that he hid in case of emergency . 
 the trip ended up with me in the middle of a horde about to be killed , when weir shot the horde with a minigun we found at a broken down army base . 
 on the other hand , there was the apartment complex where i saved weir from falling to his death or serious injury . 
 `` hey jeremy '' i had forgotten weir was sitting in front of me , i was so immersed in the flashbacks i was having . 
 `` i want you to have this . '' 
 he slid a pocket knife across the table . 
 engraved in the handle were the letters ` aw ' , weir 's initials . 
 as well , on the blade there was a blood stain , weir told me that he marked his favorite knife with a stain of his blood to prove his connection to the blade . 
 `` you want me to have atom splitter ? '' 
 atom splitter was what he named the knife , weir was very fond of science before the outbreak . 
 `` yeah man , you 're one of my closest friends . '' 
 he responded . 
 we shook each other 's hands and clasped our other hands over the connected hands , a mutual sign of respect . 
 `` awww , weir and jeremy are holding hands . '' 
 came a voice from the other side of the room . 
 zach was still laying on the couch , but his eyes were open . 
 `` shut up zach '' weir and i both said in unison . 
 almost immediately , the three of us started laughing . 
 at that , ashley walked in from the master bedroom and looked confused . 
 then , me and weir held each others hand and announced `` ooops ! 
 we 're holding hands again zach ! '' 
 in a playful tone . 
 the three of us laughed even harder at our little inside joke , while ashley looked all the more confused . 
 it was good that we were unwinding , for the past 3 months everything had been serious and all tense . 
 now , we were getting a chance to be ourselves . 
 after a little bit , i noticed the confused look on ashley 's face turned into a smile . 
 for some reason , seeing ashley smile was unlike anything i 've ever seen before . 
 it was one of the most beautiful things i have ever seen . 
 she stepped over between weir and i & zach and cupped her hand over mine and weir 's connected hands . 
 she then pulled weir 's away , but kept mine in hers . 
 she slowly sat down next to me , and we stared into each other 's eyes . 
 everything in my sight went dark , except for her glowing face . 
 the only thing i wanted to think about was her . 
 the only thing i wanted to see was her . 
 suddenly , i saw her face getting closer and closer to me . 
 my brain had so many thoughts processing at the same time , that i had no idea how to react . 
 i just sat there like an idiot and closed my eyes . 
 i felt her lips press against mine and her arms wrap around me as she embraced me in her warmth . 
 i wrapped my arms around her and pressed my lips on hers . 
 we pulled away and i opened my eyes . 
 just as i opened mine , she opened hers . 
 we stared into each other 's eyes and blushed . 
 i looked around and saw zach and weir were both staring at us . 
 i looked back at ashley and she was smiling . 
 i took her hand in mine and kept it there . 
 i turned to weir and asked `` so , how 's the junk collection coming ? '' 
 i was referring to weir 's collection of items that he claims would be useful in building a secret weapon . 
 `` going good '' he responded hesitantly `` i got about half of the stuff i need . '' 
 `` cool , can you still not tell me what it is ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no can do bud , you know it 's nothing personal , i just do n't want us to rely too heavily on it . '' 
 he continued . 
 i looked over to zach and found that he was still staring at me and ashley . 
 `` look zach , i know i 'm pretty sexy , but you 're gon na have to quit staring . 
 plus , i 'm taken now . '' 
 i said , smugly . 
 ashley had the biggest smile on her face that i have ever seen . 
 zach chuckled and smiled as well . 
 at that , wilson came in from the cockpit and looked at us . 
 `` so , where are we headed now ? '' 
 he asked `` well , that doctor lives in colorado springs , so i guess we should head there and see if those gems zach found are credible , then i guess we can wing it from there . '' 
 i responded . 
 `` i agree '' came a voice from the back of the rv . 
 it was haley , who had just woken up and come into the living quarters . 
 `` we need to find this richard morgan if we can and question him about these gems . '' 
 we all nodded in agreement , and wilson went back into the cockpit . 
 the rv started up and we pulled out of the storage unit area 's lot . 
 haley sat down beside weir and opposite ashley , while zach pulled up a folding chair and stuck it on the side of the table no one was at , opposite the window . 
 i looked out the window and saw the colorado mountainside in the distance . 
 it 's funny , but ever since this living hell began , i found myself finding more and more beautiful . 
 it might be that i 've found to appreciate the smaller things in life , or it may be because these things represent the world before the outbreak , and the memories of what once was . 
 i looked back at the group and they were all looking out the window as well . 
 i cant speak for them , but they may have been thinking the exact same thing as i was . 
 i realized ryan had joined us as well . 
 he had pulled up a chair next to zach and was watching the passing mountainside too . 
 for the first time since the outbreak , everything was looking up . 
 a few hours passed , and suddenly me and ashley were the only ones left in the booth . 
 i felt as if i could stay this way forever , looking out into the beautiful colorado mountainside with ashley 's head on my shoulder . 
 `` hey haley . '' 
 ryan called from the back . 
 `` how much longer ` till we get to colorado springs ? '' 
 it was haley 's turn to drive , so naturally she was in the cockpit driving . 
 `` a -- bout another half ho ----- ur babe '' she called back . 
 there were sudden pauses in her speech that were n't there before that you would n't notice if you were n't listening very closely . 
 something seemed sort of different with haley lately , but i was n't sure what it was . 
 ever since the storage unit incident , she 's seemed just ... ... . 
 off . 
 i decided to ignore it for now in order to focus my attention on the more important matter at hand , finding morgan . 
 i shuffled through our stockpile of city maps , but did n't find a colorado springs map . 
 the best thing we had towards info on colorado springs was a colorado state map . 
 we had no idea what we were doing , we were going in basically blind . 
 we had to be prepared for anything and everything . 
 i went to the armory and organized the weapons i thought would best suit the occasion . 
 i gathered up mid to long range weapons with some detonation charges and smoke grenades . 
 this is when i realized our ammo and equipment were running low . 
 each of our guns only had about a clip and a half left , we had 3 smoke grenades , 4 frags , and only 2 detonation charges left . 
 this was bad . 
 i grabbed the guns and handed one to each person except myself . 
 `` alright everyone , this is a balls to the wall situation . 
 this is all the ammo we have . 
 if we can find a gun shop in this city , then great . 
 they probably wo n't have ammo for the ak 's , so when you run out of ammo if you have an ak , use it as a melee weapon . 
 for those of you with mp5 's , you do n't have a lot of ammo , but if we can find a gun shop they will definitely have ammo for you . 
 those of you with frags and smokes , use them wisely . 
 those of you with c4 , use them even wiser . 
 ashley , how are you at shooting ? '' 
 i spoke . 
 she shrugged her shoulders and told me she had never fired a gun before . 
 this could be a problem , considering colorado springs was a relatively big city . 
 `` ash you can do it , just look at this thing on the top and shoot using it . '' 
 i explained . 
 she nodded as if she understood , but i knew she did n't . 
 things were looking bleak for us , we had entered colorado springs and realized that there were more zombies than we had anticipated . 
 `` stop the rv haley , there are too many . '' 
 i said to her as i walked into the cockpit . 
 the horde ahead of us was so thick that if we tried to plow through them with the rv , it would probably break down . 
 the 3 months of brutal wear and tear of the rv due to the zombies , hits , and explosions it had taken , i was n't sure it could take much more . 
 haley still had n't stopped , we were speeding toward the thick horde of at least a thousand . 
 `` haley , stop the rv ! '' 
 she did n't budge . 
 i grabbed her and she looked at me with a blank expression . 
 her pupils were pure white and her face was chalky . 
 she was n't turning into one of them was she ? 
 i grabbed her by the leg and the arm and tried to pull her out of the driver 's seat , but she decked me in the face . 
 i went sprawling back into the passenger seat . 
 i looked up over the dash and saw the horde coming ever closer by the second . 
 whatever was happening to haley , it was something bad and something none of us had ever seen before . 
 i got on all fours and crawled over to the pedals . 
 i slammed the brake down with my hand and hit haley 's foot off the gas . 
 i could feel the rv slamming to a halt , while haley was fighting with me . 
 between her kicks , i managed to get out from under her and stand up . 
 i grabbed her again and lifted her out of the seat . 
 i heard her mumbling some random gibberish , which made me even more concerned . 
 `` ryan ! 
 i need you to search haley for any bites , i have no idea what is going on with her ! '' 
 i called ryan for help . 
 i gave haley to ryan and let him take her into the master bedroom . 
 i looked back out of the windshield . 
 the huge horde of a thousand must 've heard the breaks slam . 
 they were heading straight toward us . 
 chapter 12 -- haley -- do not let them get here haley , do not let them come . 
 do not let them get here haley do not let them come . 
 -- `` haley can you hear me ? '' 
 -- do not let them come here haley , do not let them come . 
 do not let them come here haley , do not let them come . 
 do not let themc ome here haley , do not let them come . 
 ------ `` haley , come back to me now baby . '' 
 ----- kill them all haley , protect me ! 
 -- `` baby it 's ryan , come back to me baby please ! '' 
 ----- kill them all haley protect m ! 
 -- `` haley please come back to me ! '' 
 chapter 13 -- ryan i did n't know what was going on . 
 everything was a blur . 
 jeremy was freaking out in the cockpit , everyone was running back and forth through the rv , and my girl was laying down on this bed in front of me , eyes blank , skin pale , foam from the mouth , and shaking violently . 
 out of all the chaos , it seemed that time now seemed to stand still . 
 i suddenly felt as if all hope was lost , as if all the hope in my body had been sucked out of me . 
 everything seemed so hopeless to me now . 
 the love of my life seemed as if she were dying , my group was in total panic and turmoil , and as i looked out the cockpit window that i could see from the back , i saw all the zombies that were about to envelope the rv . 
 i decided to do exactly what jeremy told us to do . 
 go all out balls to the wall . 
 i kissed haley on her forehead and yelled for weir . 
 `` what do you need ryan ? '' 
 he asked , his voice in panic . 
 `` i need you to do all you can for haley . 
 keep her away from danger and keeper her stable . '' 
 i responded . 
 he told me he would do his best , and that would have to be enough . 
 i looked under the bed and grabbed the mini-gun i had kept hidden from the group since about 2 weeks after the outbreak . 
 for 3 months i have rounded up ammo for this puppy , and now i ca n't think of a better time to use it . 
 i hauled the 150 pound killing machine out of the master bedroom and into the living quarters . 
 everyone started staring at me , but not speaking any words . 
 i did n't stop for a second . 
 i kicked the door open to get outside . 
 the sky had turned from crystal blue to a darker , death grey . 
 i hauled the gun outside as i went around to the front of the rv . 
 i revved up the gun and pointed it at the sea of the undead in front of me . 
 i looked around , taking in the city . 
 it was a much bleaker scene than that of the beautiful mountainside that i had taken in with my comrades not 3 hours ago . 
 the buildings were rugged and torn , the streets were broken , and the clouds were black , all under that deathly grey sky . 
 i could feel the cold mist blow against my face as the wind started to pick up . 
 i looked back forward and saw the zombies were now about 25 feet away . 
 i braced myself and started to fire my death machine . 
 the sound of bullets leaving their chambers from within the tumbler filled the air . 
 the only things i could see in front of me were flashes of light with red liquid raining down everywhere . 
 chunks of lifeless meat accompanied the blood in flight . 
 it was the most terrifying time in my life . 
 it felt as if it were an eternity before my ammo ran out , and the tumbler was just spinning . 
 i revved down the tumbler and lowered the gun . 
 so much blood ... ... ... so much raw meat that looked like hamburger before it 's cooked ... ... ... . 
 so much mayhem . 
 i had successfully saved the group from death , there were no more zombies in the street in front of me . 
 i probably should n't even call it a street , it was so filled with blood , meat , and lead you could n't even see the street . 
 i took a long sigh as the rain started to come down . 
 i looked up and let it wash over me . 
 the way the water ran down my body was so soothing , i felt as if it were healing me both physically and emotionally . 
 despite how much i had wanted to stay in this position , i knew i had an obligation to my friends . 
 i dropped the gun and went back into the rv . 
 everyone except for weir and haley , who were still in the back , were in the cockpit , looking out the front window . 
 everyone turned back to me , stunned . 
 as if they had n't ever expected that from me . 
 i turned around and made my way to the back , where i saw haley face-down on the bed and weir looking as if he were going to perform surgery with a knife and tweezers . 
 `` what the hell are you doing !? '' 
 i yelled . 
 i ran toward weir looking to tackle him and get him away from haley . 
 right before i made contact with weir , jeremy grabbed me and held me back . 
 `` ryan calm down ! '' 
 he shouted as i struggled against him . 
 `` he 's going to save her ! '' 
 the very idea of saving haley from whatever was happening to her was enough to get me to calm down a little bit . 
 i stopped struggling against jeremy , but quickly and sternly asked `` what are you going to do to her ? '' 
 weir walked over to haley and pointed the tweezers at her neck . 
 i had n't noticed it before now , but there was a dark green sphere that had burrowed deep into the back of haley 's neck . 
 around the sphere , there was a thick ring of black that looked as if it were crawling . 
 `` it looks like the way the sprouter 's skin crawled in the storage unit . '' 
 zach explained . 
 `` we think it may have infected her somehow , and if that 's true , me and ashley are also at risk . '' 
 i looked at haley , her body still twitching a little , and then to weir . 
 i nodded to weir and allowed him to perform the surgery . 
 weir nodded back to me and clasped his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` i 'll treat her with the utmost care ryan , i 'll do my best . '' 
 he told me . 
 i knew he would , he was arguably the smartest and most knowledgeable of all of us . 
 if anyone could fix haley , it would be weir . 
 weir told everyone they had to leave the room except for me . 
 i sat down next to haley and clasped her hand as weir went to work on her neck . 
 chapter 14 -- jeremy what ryan just did was incredible . 
 i 've never seen someone take out that many zombies before . 
 however , there were still stragglers out there , and we had to get moving . 
 i told zach and wilson to place their bodies out the windows with some guns , so they could take out any potential threats . 
 the way the rv was sounding , it was on it 's last legs . 
 i got in the driver 's seat and started to drive . 
 after a few miles , the rv started to shake violently , and remembering that weir was performing surgery , i stopped . 
 `` zach , wilson , any threats ? '' 
 i called to my comrades . 
 they responded with a `` no '' in unison . 
 i started to get out of the driver 's seat , when i heard `` haley noooooo ! '' 
 it was ryan who had screamed . 
 i sprinted back through the living quarters and into the master bedroom . 
 weir was backed against a wall with haley pushing against him . 
 ryan was keeping her from biting or scratching weir , as she was trying to do . 
 it was n't until i saw her face that i had realized that she had turned . 
 so many emotions started racing through me all at the same time . 
 then , all of a sudden , haley lunged at me . 
 because of his misposition , ryan lost his grip on her and she flew toward me . 
 however , her body went limp when it collided into me . 
 for a second i was afraid , band it was n't until haley started snoring in my arms that i calmed down . 
 i looked up and saw the sphere inside the tweezers that weir was holding , along with the black gunk that now seemed to retreat inside the sphere . 
 the sphere now seemed to have sprouted legs and arms , and it flailed them wildly . 
 as weir applied more pressure to the tweezers with his fingers , i saw fountains of blue and black liquid . 
 begin to spew out of the orb . 
 it may have just been my imagination , but i could swear i heard a microscopic scream as well . 
 finally , weir squished it , and it was out of our hair , hopefully for good . 
 i then realized that haley was still in my arms , knocked out . 
 i looked around her head to the back of her neck and saw that there was a huge hole where the sphere used to be and it was bleeding heavily . 
 there was already blood starting to cover the back of her shirt . 
 `` i need paper towels or toilet paper , or tissues ! 
 anything but quick ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 everyone rushed off in different directions to find the materials i asked for . 
 i clamped my hand over the bleeding hole , in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding . 
 in no time at all , the blood started oozing through my fingers . 
 by the time one of the others got back with paper towels , i was worried it was already too late . 
 in a few moment 's time i had at least seven layers of paper towels , six layers of toilet paper , and eight layers of tissues on the back of haley 's neck . 
 i hoped and prayed that the bleeding would stop , i wished with all of my being that it would stop . 
 i could n't lose haley , and i knew ryan could n't either . 
 i could see haley 's face turn pale , but then i remembered something . 
 ryan and haley knew everything about each other , every single detail . 
 there was a chance that ryan knew haley 's blood type . 
 `` ryan ! '' 
 i yelled , not meaning to . 
 `` do you know what haley 's blood type is ? '' 
 he pondered for a second , and then responded , `` yeah , she donated blood a few years ago , it 's ab negative . '' 
 ab negative was the rarest blood type in the world , only 0.7 % of people in the world had it , and that was before the outbreak . 
 i asked everybody in the room if they had it , hoping they would . 
 no one did . 
 there was one more option , however . 
 i yelled for wilson to grab my wallet out of my pocket , and he did so . 
 i remembered that i gave blood a few years back as well and they gave me a little card with my blood type , i never memorized it though . 
 i asked wilson to tell me my blood type , and sure enough it was ab negative . 
 `` weir , get me the syringe out of your medical bag . '' 
 i called . 
 he obeyed and returned just as the blood coming out of haley 's neck reached the last layer of tissue . 
 i then promptly stuck the needle in my vein and begun the transfer . 
 there was already a tube in haley 's wrist from weir 's attempted makeshift surgery , so i put the tube in there . 
 after about 15 minutes , the blood stopped flowing from her neck , but i knew i had a lot of ground to make up . 
 i kept transferring my blood to her for the next half-hour . 
 at that point , i could barely see anything . 
 everything was a blur and i could n't see colors . 
 `` ryaaaaan '' i began to slur `` isss huurrrrleyyy shhhtiiiilllll paaayyyyllle ? '' 
 i could barely make out his words , but i could understand that she was n't and she was regaining color , as he did so i could also make out that he was pulling the needle out of both of our arms . 
 he then bandaged me up and laid me down on the bed . 
 i began to fade , i did n't know if i was dying , or simply going to sleep at that point . 
 as my eyes closed , i envisioned a bright and colorful field . 
 i could now feel myself standing on the grass . 
 the sky was a brilliant blue and the grass was as green as i 've ever seen . 
 the trees that were atop the horizon were magnificent against the backdrop of the blue sky . 
 i began to walk forward , the crisp , cool blades of grass rubbing against my feet . 
 the air felt so full , as if there was n't anything in it but oxygen , and the temperature was perfect . 
 i looked into the sky , and thought i saw a few glares , as if it were made of glass . 
 i proceeded forward through the trees on the horizon . 
 i kept walking and eventually found the end of the forest . 
 as i emerged from the trees , i saw a huge city . 
 it looked bigger than new york city , and more breathtaking than the northern lights . 
 it looked as if it were made of neon and diamonds . 
 i walked toward the city and ran into some cute , friendly woodland creatures . 
 this felt so different than the life i had been living for the past 3 1/2 months . 
 i squatted down and patted the little creatures on the head . 
 the bunnies , the squirrels , the chipmunks , all of them just sat there , smiling and chirping all the while . 
 i stood back up and continued onward toward the city . 
 it looked so beautiful and vibrant , more so than any city i have ever seen . 
 i continued onward into the city , and the streets seemed as if they were something from a video game . 
 the cars zoomed by on what looked like zip lines . 
 there were not stop lights , stop signs , medians , or any street sign whatsoever , but the cars still seemed to flow flawlessly . 
 it seemed as if they were being controlled by a pre-programmed ai . 
 i continued walking next to the road on the sidewalk until i got to city hall . 
 i entered into the beautiful lobby , it was unlike any room i had ever seen before . 
 the lobby was made out of what seemed like pure gold , and the windows were a magnificent tint of blue . 
 i walked through the museum sized room and spoke to the information woman at the front desk . 
 `` excuse me , what exactly is this place ? '' 
 i asked . 
 her face appeared to shine even brighter than ever as she began to speak . 
 `` this place is named civitatem magnificentia . 
 the city of magnificence ! '' 
 as she said it , the walls seemed to emit a sound of glass being shattered , but into a billion tiny pieces so it sounds magnificent , along with the sound of wind chimes being blown in a gentle wind . 
 this place truly was a city of magnificence , it was so full of beauty and wonder that i wanted to learn more , but where were my friends ? 
 i had to find them ; i had to show them this magnificent place . 
 `` you are not going to find your friends jeremy . 
 they are gone , far away from here . 
 you do n't need them , and they do n't need you . '' 
 the woman at the desk spoke ominously , as if reading my very thoughts . 
 `` i want to find my friends , where are they ? '' 
 i asked , demandingly . 
 she took a deep sigh and waved her hand in the air . 
 a small portal opened in her palm . 
 `` in order to stop you from returning to your friends , i must show you what will happen , if you make that decision . '' 
 she retorted . 
 she threw the portal from her palm onto my chest . 
 at that very moment , everything started to flash . 
 i could feel all of my insides being turned inside out , not in a painful way , but in a freaky way . 
 i could feel my flesh , bone , and muscle bend to the mercy of the portal . 
 a few moments later , as my entire being fell into the portal , i felt as if i were flying without wings . 
 i felt as if my mind were allowing me to soar through the air and let the wind blow all through my body . 
 i felt transparent , as well as solid . 
 i saw that i was in some sort of tunnel , but the walls of the tunnel were flying past me , and they were all colored in a way that seemed sort of like something you would see in a collidascope . 
 i felt as if i were on some sort of bad acid trip , until i saw a huge , blinding light . 
 within seconds , it had swallowed me . 
 a few seconds passed before the light started to dim . 
 as the light dimmed , i could make out a black and red sky , dead plants and animals , and grey grass . 
 the light had completely dimmed as i was making out the scene , it was as if i had entered hell . 
 it looked like the entire world had been killed , as if there were no hope for humanity . 
 i looked to my right onto a deserted road , where i saw a few zombies roaming . 
 that was the cause , zombies had ruled the world . 
 i could n't believe my eyes , i was stunned , i did n't want to believe it . 
 i started to walk around , hearing the crunch of dead grass beneath my feet . 
 i walked over to the zombies , but they did n't pay any mind to me . 
 i reached out to touch one of them , but just before my hand made contact , the zombie turned toward me . 
 the shock and fear that i had felt just a few moments before had magnified at least 5 times when the saw the face of the zombie . 
 the zombie was the face of my sister , haley taylor . 
 behind her , were three more zombies that were starting to turn . 
 i saw the faces of weir , zach , and ashley . 
 i was frozen in fear and shock , sadness and sorrow . 
 i could not believe what i was seeing , would this really happen if i returned to my friends ? 
 would the very world as we know it cease to exist ? 
 would i make some terrible mistake that would destroy everything ? 
 in the middle of my thinking , i started falling backward , it felt as if i were stumbling , but i was completely still . 
 before i knew it , i was in another portal , my body being flung around like a rag doll , yet i felt no pain . 
 the portal spit me out with a thud on my back . 
 i watched the portal disappear , and a beautiful blue sky replace it . 
 i stood up , and i saw that i was standing on cool , moist , green grass . 
 i looked around and saw a small town in the distance . 
 i started walking toward it , and as i did so i felt a cool breeze flow through my hair . 
 i felt as if the woman at the desk were playing with me , putting me inside of a hell-hole , and now she put me in this peaceful paradise . 
 i made my way toward the small town and noticed a sign that read ` house springs : population 500 ' . 
 i could n't believe it , house springs was my hometown , but it looked nothing like the town that i used to know . 
 i walked around and saw the house i lived in as a kid and entered using the hidden key that only i knew about . 
 i stepped in , and i recognized the inside , but only just . 
 the walls were painted orange instead of grey , the floor was wood instead of carpet , and there were electronic gizmos all over the place . 
 `` hello sir , i am going to have to ask , how in the blazes did you get into my home ? '' 
 a man to my right said in a very polite tone . 
 i turned and saw a man who looked almost identical to me . 
 `` i used the key . '' 
 he looked rather amused . 
 `` impossible ! 
 only i know where the key is hidden . '' 
 he said , mixing amusement with politeness in his voice . 
 `` look , my name is jeremy bene , and this is ... ... ... . '' 
 the man interrupted me and said `` what ? 
 but i 'm jeremy bene ! 
 how can this be ? '' 
 i was completely confused , this man looked a lot older than i was , probably about 25 years older , but he still had a lot of facial features that i had . 
 if this guy was truly jeremy bene ... ... . 
 then that meant ... ... ... `` what year is this ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` well silly , it is the year 2037 of course ! '' 
 2037 ? 
 but the outbreak happened in 2013 , how did this happen ? 
 `` do you remember anything about a zombie outbreak ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 his face turned into a sly smile . 
 `` yes of course ! 
 january 2013 if memory serves , that was the home to the greatest achievement in my life . 
 come , sit , i 'll make us some tea . '' 
 he swiftly went into the kitchen and started the tea . 
 i sat down on the couch , from the feel of it ; it was leather , but the most comfy leather sofa i have ever sat on . 
 i pondered on what jeremy had said ` it was the home to the greatest achievement of my life . ' 
 what did he mean ? 
 as he was making the tea , he started singing , which was really odd , because i do n't sing . 
 soon enough , he returned with the tea and we started drinking . 
 `` after morgan ran off , the world seemed to end because of what he did . 
 everything was falling apart . 
 but the crystals held magical abilities . 
 abilities that were transferred to me . 
 i used the earth technique to level the quaking ground , the water technique to extinguish the fires , the air technique to stabilize the unstable waters , and the fire technique to heat the cooling air . 
 i was the master of all four of the elements . 
 the crystals gave me unspeakable power . 
 as i held the four elements stable , the crystals gave me a new ability . 
 the soul technique . 
 i unleashed my new ability upon the world , and at that point everything seemed right . '' 
 he spoke . 
 i had absolutely no idea what in the bloody blue hell he was talking about . 
 `` oh wait ; you are from a different time are n't you ? 
 is that how everything is working here ? 
 if you are truly jeremy bene , then you must be here from another time , from a different world . 
 here in this time period , we have mastered the theory of the 5d universe . 
 for every dimension , there is another dimension existing , but in the same timeline and in a different point in time . 
 of course ! 
 why did n't i think of this before ? 
 you must be dreaming you are here ! 
 we have discovered that dreams cross the boundaries of the 5d universe ; they cross into the fifth dimension and stray through time . 
 in turn , your dreams are actually reality in another dimension . 
 i am actually you from the year 2037 , jeremy . '' 
 i was stunned . 
 was this really how dreams worked ? 
 the only thing i could say was `` so i 'm gon na live through the outbreak ? 
 i 'm gon na rebuild the world ? '' 
 the other jeremy shook his head . 
 `` it 's not that simple . 
 it 's a possibility , yes . 
 however , just because i exist in this timeline , does n't mean you are going to exist at this point in yours . 
 this is the same timeline , the world will change at the same rate , and the life on earth will grow at the same rate . 
 however , the people 's choices are their own . 
 every time someone makes a decision , another dimension is created to branch off from where that other dimension left off , but it would stray down the path of the other decision . 
 for example , if i were to decide whether to keep sitting here on this couch or stand up , there would be two dimensions created . 
 since i have n't stood up yet , there has been a dimension created that has me standing , but giving you this same speech in the same situation . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 i nodded , i knew about the multi-universe theory , which had similar aspects to what he ... . . 
 i mean i ... . . 
 was saying . 
 `` i have told you too much , you must return to your own time before you do some serious damage . '' 
 he scolded me . 
 `` i would love to , but i ca n't . 
 there was some weird lady in my dream ; she was a secretary or something . 
 she blasted me with some sort of portal and took me to two different dimensions i guess , one where the zombies one and here . '' 
 i responded . 
 jeremy thought about this for a second . 
 `` this might hurt for a second , but it will wake you up . '' 
 he warned . 
 i had no idea what he had in mind , but all that mattered was that i could get back to my own time . 
 before i could react , he decked me in the face , and everything went white . 
 my body felt weightless , i felt as if nothing were interacting with me at all . 
 my body started to turn as if i were laying down , and eventually i could feel something solid holding me up . 
 i opened my eyes and saw the roof of the rv . 
 i appeared to be laying in the master bed . 
 i still felt like crap , but at least now i was awake and aware . 
 i started to sit up , but i then noticed two bodies on either side of me . 
 to my left there was haley , apparently sleeping . 
 i held my breath for a second and turned her onto her side . 
 the hole was bandaged up and there was no blood on the bandage . 
 as well , i could hear her snoring . 
 she was alive ! 
 the happiness i felt at that moment was unparalleled by any other moment in my life . 
 i slowly exhaled into a sigh of relief and turned to my other side . 
 it was ashley , who was laying there sleeping . 
 for a second , i thought she was victimized as haley was , but at that moment , she stirred awake . 
 her beautiful blue eyes looked up at me in disbelief . 
 after she got over the initial shock of seeing me , she shot up with a squeal and wrapped her arms around my neck . 
 `` oh my god jeremy your awake ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 she pulled away so that she could see my face again , but her arms were still wrapped around my neck tightly . 
 she then gave me the biggest , most passionate kiss i had ever gotten , and that i probably will ever get . 
 it felt as if an eternity had passed before it was over , and i was completely fine with that . 
 she finally pulled away and i saw that she was crying . 
 i wiped away her tears and put my hand on her cheek . 
 i could n't stop smiling and neither could she . 
 i then realized that we were not alone . 
 weir , wilson , zach , and ryan were standing in the doorway . 
 `` hey guys , what 'd i miss ? '' 
 i asked . 
 they were all smiling at me . 
 `` how 's haley ? '' 
 i then asked . 
 ryan 's smile then faded . 
 `` it was one hell of a close call bud , but thanks to you , she made it . 
 weir did some calculations and if you had waited just a little while longer to transfer your blood , she would 've lost too much and we would 've lost her . '' 
 ryan explained . 
 ryan then walked over to me and wrapped me in a hug . 
 `` thanks for saving her jeremy , you have no idea what that means to me . '' 
 he whispered in my ear . 
 `` you guys would do the same for me , do n't worry about it . '' 
 i whispered back . 
 `` weir deserves some credit too ryan . '' 
 i continued . 
 `` oh yeah bro , i did n't forget about him , i told him i owed him about a million favors already while you were out ! '' 
 he responded . 
 we all chuckled a bit , and it was well deserved . 
 we were all under a lot of stress as of late , so it was kind of a weight-lifter to laugh a bit . 
 `` so how long was i out ? 
 my body feels stiff as a board . '' 
 i moaned , trying to stretch out my limbs . 
 there was a long silence after my question , and i knew i would n't like the answer . 
 `` jeremy ... ... ... . . 
 bro you 've been out for about a week . '' 
 wilson finally spoke up . 
 a week ? 
 it could n't have been that long . 
 i sprang out of the bed , but when i did so my legs gave out . 
 as i fell to the ground , i could hear almost every bone in my body crack . 
 it felt good , to let all of that tension out of my body , but it also felt excruciating . 
 wilson and ryan helped me back up to my feet and told me to take it easy . 
 `` how the hell was i out for a whole week ? '' 
 i finally asked in disbelief . 
 `` i did the math when you passed out , you were supposed to wake up 2 days ago , but i guess you had lost more blood than i had guessed . 
 at any rate , you had us going for a second , we checked on you like every hour or so to make sure you were still alive . 
 you and haley lost so much blood , a lot of us thought neither of you were going to make it , as much as i hate to say it . '' 
 weir further explained . 
 in all honesty , when i was transferring the blood , i did n't care what happened to myself . 
 i only wanted to save my sister . 
 `` i also analyzed the dead flesh of that sphere . '' 
 weir continued . 
 `` it 's obviously a parasite , but i could n't relate it to any other known parasite on the planet , not even in the slightest . 
 my best guess is that it is a type of mind-control device . 
 that would explain haley 's peculiar behavior in the city . '' 
 i contemplated this for a few moments . 
 it seemed highly probably , but how was it made ? 
 was it like the sprouter , where it had gotten mutated by the virus ? 
 then , i dawned on something . 
 the parasite presumably came from the sprouter , which was indirectly linked to richard morgan . 
 `` weir , have you checked if the parasite had any man-made genetics ? '' 
 i asked . 
 weir thought on this for a second and then shook his head . 
 `` then check it , i have an idea . '' 
 i responded . 
 weir promptly darted out of the room with wilson and zach following closely behind . 
 `` so jeremy '' ryan started `` what 's it like being unconscious for a week ? '' 
 it was an interesting question that i really had n't thought about myself . 
 `` it felt as if everything were surreal . 
 my mind could play tricks on itself without even realizing it . 
 anything could happen , and i had total control , but no control at the same time . 
 i had 3 ` dreams ' if you would call them , but they felt as if they were real . '' 
 i responded . 
 i started to think about the ` dreams ' i had while i was out , while i was in civitatem magnificentia . 
 the utopia , the future , the death . 
 they were three different realities that humanity could find in our timeline . 
 if we were n't careful , the future could very well depend on us . 
 just as that thought exited my mind , i thought i heard a small groan . 
 i looked over toward the bed and saw haley stirring . 
 after a few moments , her eyes opened , and she had her pupils again . 
 `` uhhhh ... ... . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` haley ! '' 
 ryan cried . 
 he ran over to her and wrapped his arms around her chest . 
 `` baby i thought i lost you ! 
 i 'm so glad your back ! '' 
 he cried . 
 haley looked at me , looking confused . 
 i gestured to just hug him back , so she did . 
 after they pulled away , the confused looked returned to haley 's face . 
 `` so what is the last thing you remember haley ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she thought about it for a few moments , then she answered . 
 `` the last thing i remember is sitting down in the driver 's seat and turning the key to start the rv . '' 
 honestly , it was n't as bad as i thought it would be . 
 i was scared that she may have had amnesia or lost her memory beyond the outbreak . 
 `` there was a strange voice in my dream though , he kept saying , ` do not let them come here haley , do not let them come ' over and over again . '' 
 she continued . 
 `` i felt like i was in a nightmare , it was so scary . '' 
 ryan wrapped her in a hug . 
 `` the important thing is your ok now baby , that 's all that matters . '' 
 ryan said . 
 i started walking , trying to once again get my legs used to the weight of my body . 
 with every step i took i heard a series of cracks in my knees and thighs . 
 within a few minutes , my legs started regaining strength , and i could walk more easily . 
 i staggered my way over to the door and looked back to the bed . 
 ryan and haley were already immersed in a conversation , and ashley was already walking toward me . 
 she walked with me out of the bedroom and into the living quarters . 
 `` so what 's all happened since we 've been out ? '' 
 i asked . 
 her face grew a little bit darker as she started to explain the situation . 
 `` we had to reinforce the rv and hold up here . 
 ryan and weir determined that the rv would n't be able to run anymore , it 's been beatun up way too much . 
 it 's been like a makeshift fort the past couple days . '' 
 she explained . 
 it kind of pained me to see the rv dead , after all we had been through . 
 i staggered my way over to the booth and ashely and i sat down . 
 i looked out the window and saw a much more different scene than when i last saw colorado . 
 the last time i saw it , it was dark , bleak , and rainy . 
 now it was quite the contrary , bright and shiny . 
 `` have there been any more incidents ? '' 
 i asked . 
 ashley shook her head and said everything had been fine . 
 their main concerns right now were the basic essentials ; food , warmth , water , etc. . 
 we needed to develop a plan to get those essentials , becasue i think i could speak for haley as well when i said i was starving . 
 after a little while , wilson and zach came over to the booth . 
 `` jeremy you 're not gon na believe this ! '' 
 zach exclaimed . 
 `` weir not only found man-made genetics , he found a tracking device in that bug . 
 he said he might be able to tap into it 's reception frequency . '' 
 this was great news . 
 if that bug was developed by richard morgan , we may have a big lead on him . 
 `` that 's great guys , but right now we need to focus our attention on more pressing matters . 
 ashley tells me we need food , so we need to get it . 
 there 's got to be some kind of shop here soemwhere . '' 
 i responded . 
 wilson infromed me that he saw a mall formt he top of the rv yesterday , and we ended up setting that as our destination . 
 we would need everyone at one hundred percent for this job , that means me and haley had some physical therapy to do . 
 chapter 15 - haley a few days had passed since jeremy and i woke up . 
 we spent our days working out and trying to get our bodies back in working condition most of the time , while the others developed a foolproof plan for heisting the mall . 
 you really do n't realize how many muscles you use just by walking , because of the underuse , they were all hurting . 
 jeremy weighed more than me and was stronger than i was , which made his recovery time become considerably shorter than my own . 
 due to this , he was almost at one hundred percent , whereas i still had a lot of work to do . 
 i was taking my 5 minutes break outside when zach came outside . 
 him and ryan were like my rehabilitation coaches , considering i 've never had to be in a physical therapy session , did n't know how to properly rehabilitate myself . 
 `` how ya feelin ' ? '' 
 he asked `` pretty sore , but i guess that 's the process of getting better huh ? '' 
 i responded . 
 he nodded his head and smiled . 
 `` can i talk to you for a sec ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded , curious as to what he wanted to talk about . 
 `` i talked with the others , when you and jeremy were out , and i asked them about your leadership skills compared to his . '' 
 i was shocked . 
 i knew what he was going to say , he was going to tell me they wanted jeremy back , he was going to tell me i did n't live up to expectations . 
 `` we all agree that ... ... '' before he finished , i interrupted . 
 `` look , i know i have n't lived up to expectations , but you have to understand that being leader is very hard an stressful . 
 to know that you are in charge of you 're whole group 's survival , it 's unreal ! '' 
 it turned from a statement to a yell very quickly . 
 `` whoa , whoa , whoa ! '' 
 zach exclaimed in reply . 
 `` haley calm down , let me finish . 
 we determined that you were the better leader . 
 you handled the gas station and storage unit situations better than jeremy ever could . 
 we want you to stay as leader , for good . '' 
 i was stunned . 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 `` uh ... . 
 are you sure ? '' 
 i asked in astonishment . 
 i had always looked up to jeremy for his leadership skills , and to know that i had done a better job than he did ... ... . 
 it made me feel great . 
 `` yeah , i 'm sure of it . 
 we all are . 
 just , please do n't tell jeremy , i 've known the guy my whole life , im sure it would break his heart . '' 
 i was n't sure if zach was right about my leadership skills , but i knew he was right about jeremy . 
 he had always taken such pride in being a good leader , it was one of the only things he thought he was good at . 
 `` i 'll keep it to myself , thanks zach . '' 
 i replied . 
 he clapped me on the back and returned to the rv . 
 i continued my physical therapy , thinking about what was better about my leadership skills than jeremy 's . 
 i was less headstrong than him , but most times that was a good thing . 
 i was also a bit more conservative and i do n't really get caught in rage as much as he does . 
 if the group thought it was best , i figured i would do as they saw fit . 
 ryan and zach had told me that tomorrow would probably be my last day of rehabilitation . 
 our raid of the mall was scheduled for the day after tomorrow , and i would be the one to lead the raid , but i had no idea what the others were planning . 
 after another hour of physical therapy , i went back into the rv , exhausted . 
 i collapsed onto the couch , ready to just relax . 
 jeremy , weir , ashley , and wilson were all in the booth opposite me having an in-depth conversation , and zach and ryan were in the cockpit planning my final physical therapy session . 
 i stared at the ceiling for the longest time , taking it all in . 
 we were a few days away from invading a mall which contains an unknown number of undead and ` surprises ' with only 7 people . 
 i hope the group put together a damn good plan because that seems like somewhat of an impossible feat . 
 that is one quality jeremy ad in his leadership that i did n't , self-confidence . 
 jeremy firmly believed that there was nothing that we could n't do , whereas i look at things to a more realistic level . 
 i closed my eyes , and when i opened them , ryan was above me stroking my hair . 
 when he saw my eyes open , he lowered his head and kissed me gently . 
 he was so handsome and warm . 
 so kind and compassionate . 
 he was the perfect man , and he was mine . 
 i wanted the kiss to last forever , but sadly we had to pull away . 
 it was now dark outside , and it appeared the only ones awake now were myself , ryan , weir , and ashley . 
 ashley and weir were playing cards in the booth , while ryan was still above me . 
 i sat up , and ryan sat next to me . 
 `` so weir , what 's the plan that you guys have been developing ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 weir put down his cards and reached into his pocket . 
 he then pulled out a layout of the building from what we had seen of it . 
 he started explaining what we were to do ; what we were to do if something failed , backup plans , and emergency plans . 
 it seemed like a good plan overall , but it was missing something . 
 `` did you take into account our lack of ammo ? '' 
 i asked . 
 weir 's eyes lit up . 
 `` oh ! 
 we forgot to tell you guys ? 
 when you and jeremy were out we found a gun store down the block and robbed it . 
 we even found stuff for the ak 's and the minigun . '' 
 he replied . 
 i was ecstatic . 
 we were more prepared than i had originally anticipated . 
 still , i could n't help but feel a sinking feeling in my chest , as if something were going to go horribly wrong on this heist . 
 however , i did n't express this with the group ; i did n't want them to worry . 
 `` i think we all should get to bed . '' 
 ashley expressed with a yawn as weir finished explaining the plan to me . 
 `` it 's kinda getting late . '' 
 i had n't realized how late it was , considering the nap i had just had . 
 it was 2 in the morning and everyone was tired . 
 including myself , physical therapy was definitely taking its toll on my body . 
 i laid back down on the couch with ryan right next to me . 
 zach crashed in the booth and ashley went in the bedroom , where jeremy was sleeping . 
 i then closed my eyes and went back to sleep . 
 considering the amount of sleep i got yesterday , i expected to be the first one awake , but that was n't the case . 
 i woke up and started walking around the rv , when i noticed there was something on the roof . 
 i saw the back of i through the sunroof and questioned what it could be . 
 i got out of the rv and climbed the back ladder to the top . 
 it was jeremy . 
 he was staring into the beautiful sunrise , knowing him he was probably thinking about something . 
 `` hey , good morning '' i chimed . 
 he did n't respond , he did n't even look at me or acknowledge my existence . 
 after a few moments of silence , he finally responded with a dull `` hey '' . 
 i walked over to him and sat down next to him . 
 the sunrise was beautiful , but i was starting to wonder if things like this were a bad omen . 
 the last time i had seen something as magnificent as this was the drive to colorado springs , which had led to my week-long incapacitation and near-death experience . 
 `` i heard you and zach talking yesterday . '' 
 he broke the silence . 
 at first , i did n't know what he was talking about , but a few moments later i caught on . 
 `` i 'm proud of you haley , do n't get me wrong . 
 it 's just that i feel like a failure . 
 i feel like i was putting the group in danger for not providing them with the best leadership possible . '' 
 zach was right , jeremy was hurting badly . 
 `` it 's not your fault jeremy , if anything you taught me how to become a good leader , i just put my own touch to things . '' 
 i tried to comfort him , but it did n't seem to work . 
 after a while , i stood up and returned down the ladder . 
 as i entered the rv , i saw zach emerge from the booth and told me what he and ryan had planned for my final physical therapy session . 
 about an hour la zach had awoke fully ; we began the session without ryan . 
 i started with push-ups for about 15 minutes , then sit-ups for half an hour . 
 finally , ryan woke up and congratulated me on my progress . 
 i kept up the therapy , and by 3 i was finished . 
 ryan and zach had told me to take it easy the rest of the day and tomorrow i should be good to go . 
 i looked around and saw fields and lakes as far s the eye could see , except behind us , which was the city of colorado springs . 
 the others must 've drove out of the city while jeremy and i were out . 
 jeremy ... ... ... . 
 i felt so bad for the guy . 
 however , he should 've seen it coming . 
 it was only a matter of time before reality set in . 
 before the outbreak , no one thought very highly of him , but when he stepped up to try to save us all , it gave us the impression that he was superhuman , when in reality he was just ballsy . 
 the group still needed someone who is a good thinker , a good planner , and apparently it was me . 
 i looked at the city , the mall in particular . 
 it seemed to shimmer in the sunlight , as was the lake a half mile away from me . 
 this was undoubtedly the calm before the storm , as we were going to take on the biggest challenge of our lives tomorrow . 
 i looked back up at the roof of the rv , and jeremy was still there , in the same position . 
 i wanted to go comfort him , but i knew he wanted to be alone . 
 i returned to the rv to find weir putting the final touches on the ` master plan ' . 
 `` hey haley '' zach called `` do you know what 's up with jeremy ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i told him jeremy had overhead us talking and immediately zach was kicking himself . 
 `` i 'll go talk to him '' he said and left the rv . 
 i walked over to ryan , who was helping weir finalize the plan . 
 i wrapped my arms around his waist and pulled him closer to me . 
 `` i have n't said this to you in a while , but i love you ryan . '' 
 he looked back at me with a huge smile on his face and replied `` i love you too babe . '' 
 he put his hands on mine and went back to helping weir . 
 `` it does n't matter ok ! 
 you do n't have to lie to me anymore . 
 i 'm fine ! '' 
 someone was yelling from the top of the rv . 
 it was jeremy yelling at zach . 
 `` jeremy , we did n't want to hurt you , thats why i told haley to keep it quiet . '' 
 zach responded . 
 `` that 's not the point ! 
 the point is you guys did n't tell me straight off that i was a bad leader ! '' 
 `` you 're not a bad leader ! '' 
 they kept bickering back and forth for about half an hour before they made up , as per usual with those two . 
 it was a good thing too , because if this heist were to go smoothly , we would all have to be unified . 
 chapter 16 - ryan haley and i were the first ones up that morning . 
 we had climbed up to the top of the rv , holding each other as the sun rose . 
 `` ryan '' she said `` if anything happens , i want you to know that i love you more than anything in the world . '' 
 `` do n't think like that sweetheart '' i responded `` everything is going to be alright . '' 
 her face and body sunk as the words escaped my mouth . 
 `` i 've got kind of a sinking feeling babe , like something bad is going to happen . '' 
 she said in a rather depressed tone . 
 i put two fingers under her chin and lifted her face to where our eyes met . 
 `` i am not going to let anything happen to anyone ok ? '' 
 i told her softly . 
 i leaned in and kissed her . 
 as we pulled away , the frown turned into a smile on her face . 
 everyone was up before 8 , and we had gotten packed for the heist the night before . 
 it was in question whether jeremy and haley were in the right physical and emotional states , but we could n't procrastinate any longer , we needed food , and we needed it now . 
 `` alright guys , you all now the plan . 
 we go in , gap two shopping carts each , and grab necessities . 
 if we run into the undead , take them out as quietly as possible . 
 if anyone hears a shot , find the nearest exit . 
 cool ? '' 
 haley spoke . 
 everyone nodded their heads in agreement . 
 at that , we all took our weapons and headed out . 
 it was a good ways to the mall , probably a few miles , so it was going to be quite a walk . 
 i began to feel a bit bad about jeremy , my vote was the reason the group decided to have haley on as permanent leader . 
 i began to reminisce on the first day with both of them gone . 
 when haley had been saved by jeremy , jeremy went comatose . 
 everyone was in a panic . 
 with the two figureheads incapacitated , we needed to unify . 
 ashley and i had rallied everyone and calmed them down . 
 weir assured us that haley and jeremy had pulses periodically , but for the time being someone needed to take charge . 
 ashley and i ended up being the ones to stand up , but it was hard . 
 both of us were torn apart . 
 our loved ones were out cold , with no signs of coming to anytime soon . 
 the pain i felt in that week was worse than any pain i had ever felt in my entire life , and i think i could say the same for ash . 
 my thoughts stayed centered on the events that happened days ago , while my body continued toward the mall . 
 the time in which jeremy and haley were comatose were undoubtedly the darkest time for the group . 
 no one knew what to do , no one had any idea what we were going to do . 
 to ashley , watching jeremy wake up must have been the greatest feeling in the world . 
 i felt it when i held haley in my arms as she awoke . 
 people needed small miracles like that to keep going , to keep hope in their hearts . 
 as i came back to reality , i noticed we were considerably closer to the mall , only about half an hour now until the heist began . 
 honestly , i was n't sure if the group was ready . 
 not only were haley and jeremy not at 100 % emotionally at this point . 
 however , we would have to make do , there was n't any more time we could spare . 
 at this point i was still worried about jeremy , how he was taking the honesty from us . 
 being the one to lead us filled him with such pride , and then come to find out that he really is n't as good of a leader as he thought he was , , that probably hurt his pride a good bit . 
 the guy was a big ego-tistic , he was actually the one who coined the term ` leader ' in the group . 
 originally , it was supposed to be a dominant democracy , some of the group still believes it is . 
 however , in a dominant democracy , there is no set ` leader ' ; it is controlled solely by the people . 
 i will admit , having one set leader has gotten us out of some bad situations , but i believe it has done more harm than good to us . 
 the reason most of us like haley better as ` leader ' was actually because she did n't see it as a leading role . 
 she saw it as a spokesperson , or figurehead role ; someone to represent the group , and i 'm not sure that 's how jeremy saw it . 
 jeremy was indeed a good leader , he was great at giving speeches and pep talks , a great figurehead , and he 's a great guy in general ; but his style of leadership is not what this group needs . 
 he needs to get it through his thick , stubborn skull that he is not a bad leader , just not the style we need . 
 through all of my thoughts i had n't realized that we were much closer to the mall now . 
 the heist was about to begin . 
 as we approached the front entrance , everyone started loading up their guns . 
 wilson and zach took position by the doors as jeremy and weir set up in front of the doors . 
 wilson and zach busted down the doors and stepped away , and jeremy & weir were ready to fire inside . 
 luckily , jeremy and weir did n't have to fire a shot , which gave us a better chance because we had n't alerted anything yet . 
 everyone began to file in , zach and wilson taking the lead with me and jeremy at the rear . 
 we started to notice that most of the walls of the inside were cracked and molded , which scared me a bit . 
 we kept walking , and the room began to expand into a giant room with about 80 shops in it . 
 this mall had to be at least 3 storied , so that 's a total of 240 shops approximately that we could raid . 
 each level except for the bottom level had a floor that circled around into itself with a chunk missing in the middle , so the people on the upper floors could look down at the bottom . 
 we decided that jeremy and weir should go up to the top floor , zach and i would take the 2nd floor , and ashley , haley , and wilson would take the ground floor . 
 when we found the stairwell , we split up . 
 it was hard for me to part with haley , but i knew in my heart she would be fine . 
 as zach and i trudged up the nearly demolished staircase , i reflected upon what haley had said earlier . 
 the bad feeling she had about this heist . 
 it seemed too real to me , as if i had shared the feeling . 
 i shook the thought out of my mind as zach and i got to the door to the 2nd floor . 
 he opened the door to the room full of deserted shops , cracked walls and floors , and the smell of the undead . 
 zach and i continued onto the floor and tried to sot shops to raid . 
 `` look over there ryan . '' 
 he said `` candy shop . '' 
 i could n't believe it . 
 i had n't had candy in about a year , and i was seriously craving some sugar . 
 zach and i began to sprint to the shop , but about halfway to the shop , we felt an abrupt shake and an ear-piercing rumbling sound , along with the scraping of metal . 
 i happened to look down and saw that there was a giant crack starting to make it 's way across the floor a few yards in front of us . 
 i looked behind us and saw another crack , the floor was breaking . 
 `` keep running ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 zach had started to slow down , but when he realized what was happening he bolted . 
 we were almost to the crack in front of us , when the floor started to drop . 
 zach and i jumped right as the floor chunk detached from the rest of the level . 
 i made it back onto the level and slid forward , but zach did n't make it . 
 he was hanging onto the rest of the level , as his feet dangled in the air below . 
 i crawled over and grabbed his hand . 
 desperately , i tried to pull him up . 
 luckily , i was strong enough to lift him up and over and back onto the level . 
 we both collapsed onto the floor after my successful rescue , breathing heavily . 
 `` thanks man , i owe you one '' he managed to say `` you owe me two . 
 come on , let 's get some candy . '' 
 i responded . 
 as we started to get up , we both looked at the gaping hole in the ground . 
 this place was seriously unstable , so we needed to get in and out quickly . 
 `` everyone ok ? '' 
 my walkie-talkie spoke in haley 's voice . 
 i picked it up from my belt and gave a confirmation that zach and i were ok , followed by jeremy 's confirmation . 
 now that a piece of our floor was missing , we would have to circle around to the other side of the mall to exit . 
 what was worse , it looked as if the chunk of the floor falling alerted almost all the zombies in the mall with it 's noise . 
 we would have to double-time it out of here . 
 zach and i agreed to go to the candy shop , being sure to walk this time . 
 we got to the shop , and saw a few shelves empty , but there was still a lot of candy here . 
 i grabbed a bag from behind the counter and started stuffing the candy that was still good into it . 
 by the time we were done loading the bag , it was about five pounds . 
 we decided to leave the shop and try to make it to the exit , but just as we exited to the shop , we heard the sound of a floor dropping again . 
 however , this time it was not our floor that was dropping , it was the floor above us . 
 the floor that held jeremy and weir . 
 zach and i looked up , watching for which section of floor was going to come off . 
 after a few moments , we realized that it was n't only a piece that was coming down , it was the whole level . 
 the end of the floor that was n't attached to the wall began to bend down into the center of the bottom floor . 
 suddenly , the middle section of the third level snapped and the end connected to the wall slammed into the wall . 
 that end of the floor went vertical , and everything from shoes to video games to shards of glass rained down on us . 
 it seemed that the shops collapsed into themselves when the floor began to crumble . 
 suddenly , through the dust and rubble , weir fell from the third floor . 
 luckily , he appeared to be on the side that went vertical into the wall , so i could catch him . 
 i held my arms out to try to catch him , and sure enough he fell into my arms , and then thanked me for the save . 
 `` quick ! 
 watch for jeremy ! 
 he was on the other side of the floor ! '' 
 he yelled , panicking . 
 zach , weir and i all looked over at the side of the floor collapsing into the middle of the bottom level . 
 sure enough , we spotted jeremy . 
 however , he was in a free fall . 
 his limbs were flailing as rubble and chunks of floor flew down with him . 
 i ran over to the edge of our level in an attempt to watch jeremy . 
 i saw him hit the floor on the bottom level , back first . 
 i had a little hope , until a huge chunk of the ceiling started to fall , right were jeremy was laying . 
 `` jeremy ! 
 get out of there ! 
 move ! '' 
 i yelled , but to no avail . 
 in a few moments , the ceiling piece hit the floor , crushing jeremy beneath it . 
 `` noooo ! '' 
 i heard a faint cry . 
 it was haley . 
 she started running toward the fallen piece of ceiling , but before she could get too far out of range , wilson grabbed her and held her back . 
 he was probably telling her we had to go , and he was right . 
 `` zach , weir , let 's get the hell out of here ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 they did n't object . 
 we started sprinting across the floor and looking to cross over to the other side . 
 as we began to run , we could feel the level begin to shudder and sway . 
 we were running at full speed and had almost reached the exit . 
 there was a small amount of time where the only thing that was running through my mind was ` we 're not going to make it , the whole building is going to collapse on top of us ' . 
 however , i knew i could n't afford to think like that . 
 we let out a final burst of speed and pushed the exit door open . 
 we jumped over the balcony that was looming over the entrance to the bottom floor and fell onto the awning . 
 we slid off of the awning and fell to the ground , where we met up with wilson , haley , and ashley . 
 haley and ashley were huddled on the ground crying , while wilson was just staring at the crumbling building . 
 `` we have to go ! '' 
 i yelled as i grabbed haley 's hand . 
 haley got up , despite being in tears and ran with me . 
 the thunderous sound of the whole building coming down deafened me , and it felt like a giant earthquake . 
 we ran all the way until we reached the city limits . 
 `` what the hell happened weir ? '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` there were at least 500 of them ! '' 
 weir responded . 
 `` there was one survivor , but he was covered in blood . 
 somehow , the zombies were n't attacking him . 
 when he saw us , he started shooting one of the support beams on the 2nd floor . 
 that 's why our floor began to crumble . 
 jeremy saw how it was bending and shoved me into the wall . 
 he saved me . '' 
 he continued . 
 the only thing i could think of was the possible reasoning that someone would do something like that . 
 why would someone give their own life to take ours ? 
 haley and ashley were still on the ground sobbing , and with good reason . 
 jeremy , our friend , was gone . 
 chapter 17 -- zach my best friend ... ... . 
 jeremy was my best friend . 
 we 've known each other since we were babies , when we were kids we were inseparable , most of the time we shared the same crib for god 's sake . 
 i could n't believe that he was really gone . 
 i bent down and held ashley as she cried her eyes out . 
 she had finally found someone to love , someone that would n't treat her like garbage , someone who would finally treat her with respect , and in an instant he was taken away from her . 
 i knew how she felt , before jeremy had come along and grabbed me to come on the road with him , i had a girlfriend myself . 
 her and i were the definition of love , but when the outbreak began , she was taken . 
 we were running down a street , she tripped and she yelled for me to go on without her . 
 i had to fight against every fiber of my being not to help her , but i knew she would not want me to go as well . 
 before i turned my back for the final time , i blew her a kiss , and she blew one right back . 
 i ran as i heard her bloodcurdling screams and the bites and the tears . 
 i knew exactly what ashley was feeling , so i knew how to comfort her . 
 `` ash , it 's not your fault . 
 it was fate , jeremy 's time came , we ca n't change that . 
 but what we can do is remember him . 
 we can remember jeremy for who he was , and what he did for us . 
 you need to remember , ash , that he loved you very much . 
 he would want you to move on and be happy . 
 he would want all of us to move on , but still remember him . '' 
 i said , through the cracks in my voice . 
 ashley looked up at me , and through the tears in her eyes , she smiled . 
 `` thanks zach , your right . '' 
 she said `` what we need to do , in honor of jeremy , is find morgan and get the information we need . '' 
 everyone agreed to this , and at that we all began to return to the rv . 
 as we began to walk back , i remembered me and jeremy as kids , playing video games , tag , basketball , four wheeling , bicycling , and trampolining . 
 we were the best of friends , and it 's always been that way . 
 he went out like a hero , as i expected . 
 giving his life to save weir 's was probably the most courageous thing jeremy has ever done . 
 after about 45 minutes passed , we had made it to the rv . 
 `` pack your things everyone , we 're leaving . 
 haley claimed . 
 i figured that would probably be the best course of action , because the rv was pretty beaten and battered . 
 it was n't a very good shelter , as well as the fact that it did n't run anymore . 
 everyone else must have felt the same , because everyone began to gather their things . 
 i had no idea where we were going to go , considering the rv was out only shelter for 3 months . 
 the feeling inside the rv was tense ; for many of us , jeremy was our best friend , for the others , jeremy was a good friend who was always there when we needed him . 
 for the entirety of our packing , no one said a word . 
 we spent about an hour and a half packing everything , and we decided to go pay our friend dr. richard morgan a visit . 
 we bid the rv farewell and began our voyage for 7926 sunset falls , colorado springs . 
 as we walked , we found ourselves reminiscing on the good times that we shared with jeremy . 
 my childhood with him , weir and wilson 's gaming binges , haley 's hanging out . 
 we started laughing at the funny things he would say and do . 
 for the last part of his life he even wore bright orange shoes , because orange was his favorite color . 
 `` so what are we going to do once we find morgan ? '' 
 wilson asked `` we ask him what he 's up to with these gems and see what they are for . 
 at this point , he is our best shot at finding out what these gems are capable of . '' 
 ryan answered . 
 `` we find out everything he knows so we know what kind of power we are dealing with . 
 i do n't know about you guys , but i 've been feeling something strange when i 'm by the gems . 
 it 's as if they 're trying to talk to us , and it seems like they 're getting stronger the closer we get to morgan . '' 
 now that he mentioned it , i felt the same way . 
 there was definitely something weird about these gems , something that my mother , the expert jeweler that she was , probably could n't even imagine . 
 whenever i would get close to these gems , i feel like there is some sort of ... ... ... . 
 magic to them . 
 whatever morgan did to them , he definitely made them special . 
 as our trek continued , i kept thinking about what seemed like a lost cause . 
 jeremy and i had such a bond between us that we could almost tell when the other was in danger . 
 if jeremy had died , i would have felt it . 
 because of this , i found myself hanging on to the seemingly hopeless thought that jeremy may still be alive . 
 however , i watched a huge chunk of concrete that must have weighed at least a ton fall 3 stories down directly onto jeremy . 
 there was no way anyone could survive that ... ... ... . 
 could there ? 
 `` according to the address , morgan 's house should only be about a block away . '' 
 weir told us , breaking me from my thoughts . 
 i started paying more attention to reality , and i noticed an orange glow coming from ryan 's pocket that had been getting stronger as we got closer to morgan 's . 
 `` ryan , what 's that glowing in your pocket ? '' 
 i asked . 
 everyone stopped , and ryan looked down at his pocket . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 he muttered to himself . 
 he put his hand in his pocket and pulled out the gems . 
 he opened his palm and watched them as they glowed . 
 a few moments passed and then , suddenly , the gems began to float from ryan 's hand and began to slowly spin . 
 their brightness increased and they shone almost as bright as the sun . 
 they then began to float away from us , down the road . 
 they appeared to be floating closer to morgan 's place , so could that be the cause of the gem 's mysterious behavior ? 
 i guess the only solution would be o follow them . 
 we did so as they spun a bit faster and glowed a bit brighter until they ran straight into the front door of a house . 
 `` this is the place , 7926 sunset falls . '' 
 weir announced . 
 ryan put out his hand to grab the gems , but as he did so , the gems seemed to disintegrate into the front door . 
 ryan froze in shock . 
 i looked over into the window and saw the dark walls begin to glow a bright orange . 
 `` they went straight through the door ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 at that , ashley stepped up and kicked the door down . 
 i did n't know what was more shocking , the gems that had just passed through a solid front door , or the fact that ashley had just kicked that same door off of it 's hinges . 
 we followed the gems through the living room and kitchen . 
 `` aaaaahhh ... ... ... there you are my pretties ! 
 come to daddy ... ... ... you truly are my most beautiful pieces ! '' 
 a demented , psychotic voice echoed from the bottom of the stairs . 
 ryan held out his arms against the walls and signaled for us to stop . 
 the gems continued down the stairs and enveloped us in the shadows . 
 before long , we were unseeable , and had the element of surprise . 
 `` yesssssss …….com e to papa my pretties ! '' 
 the strange man held out his hands openly , and sure enough , the gems went right into his hands . 
 the glow from the gems began to dim , and before long , the room went back to darkness . 
 the man began to walk away , his footsteps fading into the dark rom . 
 after we were sure he was gone , ryan brought out his flashlight . 
 he silently began to walk down the stairs , motioning us to follow . 
 we proceeded into the darkness and noticed some weird surroundings . 
 around us , i noticed some outlines of statues of greek gods , as well as stone tablets . 
 we advanced into the mysterious room , and heard strange chanting . 
 the psycho was chanting some sort of worship to the gems . 
 we spotted a door that had blue , green , white , and orange lights seeping through it 's cracks , and decided to head towards it . 
 as we proceeded , the chanting became more understandable . 
 `` by the elements of the world ! 
 by the mystical power of the mayans ! 
 allow these stones to absorb thine power ! '' 
 he chanted . 
 i kept wondering what the hell he was talking about . 
 as we got closer to the door , the temperature rose . 
 it seemed as if all the energy in the state was being directed into this one place . 
 we were all now pressed against the door , listening intently to his chants . 
 `` the ancient rings shall call their masters , thus saving the world for sure disaster . 
 fire , water , earth , air ; their combined powers none shall compare . 
 ancient powers rise by my hand , and restore order to this wasteland . 
 from the power of magic and the power of science , please restore the power giants ! '' 
 it was clear that ryan had heard enough of his nonsense . 
 he proceeded to kick the door down , but when he did , we all saw something we never expected . 
 chapter 18 - ryan as soon as i kicked the door down , i noticed something was completely wrong . 
 i looked up from the flattened door and i saw the most bizarre thing i had ever seen . 
 it was a giant altar with a blinding white light shooting out of the top . 
 surrounding the light there were four clumps of gems , one of which were ours . 
 the gems were all orbiting symmetrically around the light , each gem reflecting itself off of the light , creating a multi-color effect . 
 beside the huge altar , was the psychotic voice we kept hearing ' the man we had been hunting , richard morgan . 
 `` you fools ! 
 you have interrupted the ceremony ! 
 the power of the elements will be most displeased ! 
 do you have any idea what you have done ? '' 
 the guy was a nut-job . 
 the apocalypse mast have driven him crazy , because this guy really did n't seem like a doctor to me . 
 `` what do you know about the gems morgan ? 
 what can they do ? '' 
 haley asked with extreme anger in her voice . 
 `` i shall show you my young mind slave ! '' 
 morgan exclaimed . 
 `` mind slave ? 
 you son of a bitch ! 
 you were that voice in my head ? '' 
 haley shouted in rage . 
 `` hahahaha ! '' 
 morgan laughed maniacally . 
 `` do not let them come here haley ! 
 do not let them come ! 
 oh wait , they are already here . 
 you are n't a very good mind slave are you dear ? 
 perhaps i should have taken control of a more worthy soul . 
 maybe jeremy ? 
 oh i 'm sorry , he 's dead ! '' 
 haley snapped when morgan mentioned jeremy . 
 she ran toward him , when suddenly , she was lifted off the ground . 
 `` hahahah ! 
 there is no way you can survive the beam ! '' 
 cackled morgan . 
 haley then began to float towards the huge beam of light that was shooting out of the top of the altar . 
 `` ryan , cup your hands ! '' 
 wilson yelled . 
 i immediately knew what he had in mind . 
 i cupped my hands and allowed wilson to jump off and into the gravity of the beam . 
 because of wilson 's light weight , he could float faster toward haley to get her out . 
 sure enough , wilson was speeding toward haley in mid-air . 
 a few moments passed before wilson reached haley , at which point they were dangerously close to the beam . 
 wilson pushed haley as hard as he could to get her out of the beam , unfortunately , it was n't enough . 
 due to the intense gravity , wilson and haley were both sent hurdling into the beam of light . 
 `` hahaha ! 
 there go two more members of your little group ! 
 you children failed to survive the apocalypse , not that you ever had a chance ! '' 
 he cackled . 
 as he did so , the room started to shake violently . 
 everyone was shaken off of their feet , including morgan . 
 `` what is happening ? '' 
 morgan yelled in disbelief . 
 i looked back at the beam and the gems to see the gems start to orbit closer to the beam `` no ! 
 they are not ready ! '' 
 morgan screamed . 
 morgan tried to get up , but failed . 
 the gems sank ever closer to the beam until they sunk inside . 
 `` no ! 
 we 're all doomed ! '' 
 morgan yelled . 
 a few moments after , there was a deafening shatter . 
 the beam had exploded right in front of our eyes . 
 i could only watch for a few seconds before i blacked out . 
 when i awoke , the building was rubble . 
 there was n't any structure of the building that was intact , other than a strange floating circle of rings about 30 feet away . 
 i approached them , walking among the rubble . 
 when i got there , everyone else had suddenly appeared , except for haley and wilson . 
 i hoped they were ok , and i wanted to look for them , but something was tying me to these floating circling rings . 
 these rings were circling the piece of rock like the gems were circling the altar before the explosion . 
 it seemed as if the gems had turned into these rings , but how ? 
 and why ? 
 i began to look around , looking for haley and wilson , when suddenly , two of the six rings that were circling the stone broke free of their orbit , but kept floating . 
 they then began to slowly sink the the ground , and when they hit the ground , they began to transform . 
 the rings turned completely white and sparkly , as if made of fairy dust . 
 they then began to shape-shift , as if trying to find a new form . 
 eventually , the rings shifted into human-like forms , still sparkling . 
 sure enough , when the sparkling subsided , it was haley and wilson 's bodies that they shifted into . 
 the only modifications to their bodies was that they had the very rings that transformed into them on the right ring fingers . 
 wilson 's was black with a symbol on the top that looked like a black heart , but the middle was white and the edges were rugged . 
 haley 's was white and had a not he top that looked like an upside-down ` t ' with dashes extending diagonally inward from the corner where the two lines meet . 
 kind of like a ` t ' with war-paint . 
 we all looked back up to the remaining rings in the orbit of the rock , and once again , a ring broke off . 
 only this time , it launched itself away from the rock and kept going . 
 we could n't see it anymore , and we had no idea what was going on . 
 i walked over to haley and crouched down next to her . 
 i stroked my hand through her hair and stared at her beautiful face . 
 she opened her eyes and looked at me . 
 she sat up and held her head , and wilson stood up . 
 `` what happened to you two ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that beam held the answer to all of our questions . '' 
 haley answered . 
 `` it told us what the gems were , what they were used for , and what they could do to people . '' 
 she continued . 
 haley and wilson began to tell us all about the gems and their purpose . 
 `` morgan was a scientist who studies the chemical reactions of stones against one another . 
 he found the four chemical reactions that had never been tried before due to their unpredictability , and decided to try them to see what they would do . 
 he was in the same building as the zombie virus was when it was first developed , but got away . 
 he did n't complete the test on the gems , due to the infection , and was n't able to fuse the green gems . 
 he searched the country trying to find an appropriate lab , but for a long time did n't avail . 
 he then remembered that he lived near an advanced science lab in colorado springs a few years back . 
 he came back here and stored the gems in a storage unit while he fused the green gems , because he had no idea what the four would do if they were together and fused . 
 at this point , he knew something was strange about them and did n't want to take the chance of them becoming too unstable . 
 when he fused the green gems , he came back and collected the other gems . 
 he then planted a ` controller ' of sorts in the sprouter that was in the storage unit . 
 turns out that the sprouter was just a few zombies that were trapped in the same unit and got hungry . 
 they bit each other so hard that they started to fuse with one another , and with the chemical energies of the gems , their chemical properties began to fuse as well . 
 after he planted the controller in the sprouter , he left . 
 he began studying mayan mythology , and found out that the gem combinations , had indeed been done before , in mayan times . 
 these gem combinations were used in an ancient ritual , in order to crown masters of a certain element . 
 he scouted the area in a search for an appropriate house for a ceremony , and found it . 
 however , he noticed that he forgot the orange gems in the storage unit . 
 he tapped into the sprouter and discovered that it was dead , and he also saw that we were taking the gems . 
 at that point , he transferred the controller to a bug on the floor , which crawled up the back of haley 's neck and attached itself . 
 that is how morgan ended up having mind control over haley . 
 he then proceeded to try to kill us in order to regain his gems . 
 as we got closer to morgan , the gems sensed their creator and wanted to go to him , because they were destined to . 
 inside the gems hold the power of the four elements ; fire , water , earth , and air . 
 once they were all brought summoned together , and once morgan performed the sacred chants of the mayan elders , the energies in the gems would re-focus . 
 they then transformed into rings , rings that give the wearer the power of the element that the certain gem represents . 
 the ring must choose it 's master . 
 however , if someone proves themselves worthier enough , they can steal a ring . 
 if someone holds all the rings at once , they are known as the elementum magister , the element master . 
 he would have power over all four elements . '' 
 haley 's speech seem to run forever . 
 `` so if the rings represent the four elements , why are there six of them ? '' 
 i asked `` because '' wilson chimed in `` when haley and i were sucked into the beam , we were going to die . 
 however , the elements in our hearts had never been seen by the beam before . 
 there is always darkness in my heart , so the beam manipulated into a ring . 
 i now control the element of darkness . 
 the same goes for haley , she controls light . '' 
 this all sounds so ludicrous , but then again , a year ago a zombie apocalypse sounded ludicrous . 
 we all looked back up at the remaining rings . 
 there were three left circling around the stone ' the air , earth , and water rings . 
 `` they 're analyzing the world for a worthier master . '' 
 haley spoke . 
 just then , they froze . 
 two of them launched away from the stone , leaving streaks of light behind them . 
 the third stayed there , hovering in the air , unaffected by the laws of gravity or physics . 
 eventually , the ring joined it 's brethren in takeoff , however , it did n't launch itself away from the stone , rather , toward me . 
 it hit my ring finger with the force of a big rig , the force of the hit sent my body spiraling the in the air . 
 after a few seconds airborne , i hit the ground , back first . 
 strangely enough , none of this had hurt me . 
 in fact , all i felt was raw energy flowing through me . 
 i looked at my hand and saw the ring shone as it 's brethren did with wilson and haley . 
 i felt myself becoming one with my element , i could feel my energy becoming bridged . 
 the ring 's shine faded until it looked like a regular ring , but i knew better than to think of it as anything but extraordinary . 
 on the top of the ring was a symbol , it resembled an english ` h ' , but there were diagonal slashes int he spaces of the two parallel lines . 
 the ring was blue , thus signifying that this ring controlled the element of water . 
 i stood up and stared at the ring . 
 it had chosen me as it 's master . 
 out of all the remaining people in the world , i was worthy . 
 chapter 19 - weir this was all so bizarre . 
 magic rings that would let the wearer control the elements ? 
 highly unlikely . 
 and if that were the case , why couldnt i wield one ? 
 why had n't a ring chosen me as it 's master ? 
 i clearly have a more vast intellect than anyone in the group , so i think i deserve one . 
 it must have all been a trick , an illusion of some kind . 
 however , it was beyond me how morgan could make a whole building turn to rubble in mere seconds . 
 i stared at ryan as he stared at the ring . 
 i wasnt going to believe it was ` magical ' until i saw what it could do . 
 finally , ryan looked up at me . 
 `` skeptical ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i had forgotten that we all knew each other so well , spending so much time together made the group learn about one another . 
 i nodded at ryan 's question . 
 `` yeah , me too , i 'm not sure if any of this is real to be honest . '' 
 he continued . 
 `` there 's only one way to find out . '' 
 i said . 
 he replied with a nod , then turned around . 
 he looked out at the rocky mountains and saw all the snow on them . 
 i figured he was thinking exactly what i was . 
 snow was frozen water essentially , so his ring should work on it . 
 `` what do i do to make it work ? '' 
 he asked haley . 
 `` from what i understand , you ca n't ` make ' it work . 
 it has to come naturally to you . 
 it has to agree with you , so to speak . '' 
 she responded . 
 great , more mysterious mumbo-jumbo . 
 `` wait a minute guys , where 's morgan ? '' 
 wilson asked . 
 `` last i saw him , he was trying to hold his own against the blast . '' 
 ryan responded . 
 we started to look for him , and eventually found him . 
 he was in the driver 's seat of a car that whizzed by us . 
 it appeared that out beef with morgan was not yet over . 
 we decided that the best course of action was to try to figure out where morgan was headed and follow him . 
 as we treaded away from the destroyed building , many of us began to express our sorrows . 
 everything that was going on had just hit us like a ton of bricks . 
 jeremy 's death , the deaths of our families , what the world had come to in just 3 months , how much longer we would have to endure this hell , how our hopes were relying on these rings that may or may not have ` magical ' powers . 
 the ones that were n't hit very hard tried to comfort the ones that were hit the hardest . 
 wilson and myself tried to comfort zach and ashley , while ryan worked to comfort haley . 
 none of us knew exactly how to help each other , even though we had spent the past 3 months getting to know each other . 
 nothing like this had ever happened in history , and no human being was meant to endure this much emotional and physical pain . 
 we had no cure , and nowhere we could think of to go . 
 morgan was the only person that we could think of that may have the slightest idea of how to stop this plague , but we had no idea where he was headed . 
 most of us agreed to adapt back to our old ways , pure survival . 
 wilson and zach disagreed . 
 `` we need to find morgan and get more information out of him , see if he knows if any of the scientists in vermont had an antidote to this thing as a precaution . '' 
 wilson suggested . 
 this fueled us back to the idea of trying to find morgan , who we had already lost track of . 
 we made our way down to the highway , walking away from colorado springs forever . 
 we walked for at least an hour before we got to a rest stop . 
 the rest stop was completely raided , but we thought the soda machines might still have had some soda in them . 
 as well , we needed to search the car wash for cars , because walking definitely was n't cutting it . 
 zach and wilson went inside to check the soda machines , while haley , ryan , ashley , and i went into the car washes . 
 if there was a car here , it was definitely invisible , because i was n't seeing one . 
 i could , however , see about a million gasoline containers . 
 suddenly , an idea struck in my head . 
 i sprinted out of the car wash and into the rest stop . 
 i made my way behind the counter and found a bunch of tools . 
 among them , i found a few sturdy ropes and some heavy looking metal slabs . 
 all i needed to know was which of these tools could break a pipe . 
 and , even if i found something hard enough , i would need to raise it up 20 feet to the top pipe to break it . 
 as i was contemplating , i heard two different pitched ` honks ' outside . 
 i looked up at the rest stop 's security camera feeds and saw two cars that ashley and ryan found . 
 one was beat up , almost beyond repair , and the other was almost new-looking . 
 i knew from the get-go which car we were going to take , but maybe we could make use of the other one as well . 
 now we would need 2 ropes and 2 anvils , or at least something very heavy . 
 i saw zach and wilson walk by with 5 milk gallons full of soda , when i caught their attention . 
 `` abloogywoogywoo ! '' 
 i yelled from behind the counter . 
 they jumped so much they fell and 2 of their gallons exploded onto the ground . 
 it reminded me of the ` gallon smashing ' youtube videos that went viral just before the outbreak . 
 that was the most fun i have had since the outbreak began . 
 they shot dirty looks at me and told me that i had just wasted 2 gallons of soda . 
 `` i have a plan that can get us about 15 gallons of water . '' 
 i responded . 
 i explained my plan to them and told them the only flaw in the plan was getting up to the top pipe of the car wash . 
 at that , wilson had an idea that would test the truth of the rings as well . 
 my plan was that we tie something heavy to a sturdy rope , hang it from the top pipe , hit the object hanging from the pipe with the beat-up car whilst driving , and the force should either knock the heavy object in the air , and the force of it 's pull as it comes back down would pull the pipe off , or the car will ` grab ' the object in the grill and the pull between the car and the rope would pull the pipe off . 
 wilson said that he could use his ring of darkness to blend into the shadows of the car wash and climb up to the pipe . 
 and that he did . 
 to my surprise , when wilson stepped next to the shadows on the inside car wash wall , his ring began to glow . 
 wilson began to merge with the shadows . 
 his whole body turned black as the shadow , and it looked as if he had become attached to the wall . 
 wilson then began to crawl up the wall and onto the ceiling , rope in hand . 
 as he tied the rope to the pipe , it looked as if he was standing upside-down on the ceiling . 
 after tying the ripe , he climbed back down , detached from the wall , and transformed back into the normal wilson . 
 i guess seeing truly is believing , because he surely made a believer out of me . 
 what i had just witnessed was nothing short of miraculous . 
 i was so much in awe that i had almost forgotten the next phase of the plan . 
 the others and i had developed a pulley system in the car . 
 one of the heavy metal slabs i found in the rest stop was placed in the beat-up car , suspended a few inches from the gas pedal by another rope . 
 this rope led through the door and in our hands . 
 the door was acting as our axle . 
 we let go of the rope and the heavy metal fell directly on the gas pedal . 
 the crummy car sped off toward the car wash . 
 the car hit at least forty miles per hour before the impact into another metal slab that we had tied to the dangling rope . 
 as i expected , the metal slab latched onto the car 's grill and the rope holding it to the pipe tightened sharply . 
 suddenly , the pipe snapped and water started to fly and spew everywhere . 
 as it did , the car kept going until it crashed and exploded into the wall and the other side of the car wash . 
 i happened to look over at ryan and saw his ring start to glow . 
 he suddenly raised his hand , and when he did , all the water that was just flung into the air by the impact froze in mid-air . 
 none of it flowed , none of it dropped , none of it froze over into ice , it just hovered where it was . 
 ryan 's ring was supposedly the ring of the water , and that is why . 
 ryan must have the ability to control the water . 
 `` weir , go set those gas containers up , i 'll direct the water into them . '' 
 he told me . 
 i did as he told , not questioning the power of the rings anymore . 
 as i set up each gas container , some of the water above me drained out of the mainstream of hovering , frozen water and flowed into the individual gas containers . 
 i honestly could n't believe my eyes , these rings truly possessed magical powers . 
 as ryan poured the water into the gas canisters , i noticed that quite a few zombies were coming from down the road . 
 with all the stuff concerning the rings , we had all nearly forgotten that we were in the middle of a zombie apocalypse . 
 `` hey ryan , you might want to hurry that up , we 've got company . '' 
 i warned . 
 `` i 'm going as fast as i can . '' 
 ryan hissed back . 
 `` just stall them until i get this done . '' 
 zach , ashley , and i sprinted across the parking lot , looking for an idea . 
 there were at least twelve dozen of them , there was no way we could fight them all . 
 the lot was nearly empty , so there was nothing we could do to distract them or use against them . 
 it almost looked as if it were the end of the line . 
 we were surrounded , there was nothing we could do . 
 `` hit the deck guys ! '' 
 yelled a familiar voice . 
 as we were instructed , ashley , zach , and i dropped to the ground . 
 as we did so , a huge wall of wind hit the zombies head-on , lifting them into the air . 
 i watched on as all the zombies rose off of the ground and start to swirl around , as if they were in a tornado . 
 the wind around us was almost too much to handle , we were about to lift off the ground ourselves , when , just in the nick of time , the tornado of zombies was launched sky high and into the distance . 
 i heard a huge slosh in the distance , probably the remainder of the water ryan was handling hitting the ground . 
 i looked up and saw a girl floating on a cloud about 15 feet from the ground . 
 the back of her head looked quite familiar , though i could n't put my finger on where from . 
 as her cloud descended to the ground , i found myself finding her even more familiar . 
 she stepped off the could and onto the ground , then turned towards us . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 it should n't have been possible , but there she was , standing before us . 
 it was caitlin who had saved us all . 
 chapter 20 - haley how had caitlin survived ? 
 we had watched her get eaten alive by zombies back in iowa . 
 `` i know you guys must have a lot of questions . '' 
 she started . 
 `` and i 'll start by saying that the person who was in your group , the person who used to sneak your supplies and snatch your food , the person you successfully killed , that was n't me . 
 she was a look-alike , sent by the elemental legion to try to slow you guys down . '' 
 i know that element controlling rings were weird ... ... but this ? 
 one thing was for sure , our lives had just gotten a lot more complicated than it already was . 
 `` the elemental legion ? '' 
 inquisited weir fascinatingly . 
 `` yeah , they are a secret order that spied on a man named richard morgan and his science team . 
 the legion was obsessed with finding a way to control the elements , and morgan and his team were researching the subject . 
 the legion had already mastered two elements from years upon years of training ; time and electricity . 
 they used their mastery of time to see the future and travel through holes in time . 
 apparently , you guys are in possession of tings that control the elements . 
 they knew this a few months ago , they knew you would be masters of the rings . 
 that 's why they kidnapped me and replaced me with a look-alike , to try to disintegrate your group before you got to the rings . '' 
 she responded . 
 this changed everything , this meant that caitlin was on our side after all . 
 `` so when did they nab you ? '' 
 wilson asked . 
 `` before you guys picked me up in canada for the road trip , they predicted the whole zombie apocalypse and knew it was going to come during our vacation . 
 so they grabbed me at the most convenient opportunity . 
 you guys have been with the fake me the entire time . 
 before i escaped , i learned of your location , then destroyed all the intel they ha don you guys . 
 from what i can tell , they have no idea where you guys are now . '' 
 she responded . 
 `` well if you do n't really know us , i guess we need to introduce ourselves . '' 
 ryan suggested . 
 `` not necessary . '' 
 responded caitlin . 
 `` they tracked you guys for so long that i know almost everything about you guys . 
 and unfortunately , that means the elemental legion knows even more . '' 
 if all of this were true , we were in some serious danger . 
 not only was someone spying on us , but they know our greatest weaknesses as well . 
 `` how have they been doing this ? '' 
 asked wilson . 
 `` they can control the zombies somehow . 
 you guys remember colorado springs ? 
 when haley was first knocked out ? 
 that huge zombie horde that ryan took out ? 
 that whole horde was controlled by the elemental legion to try to kill you . 
 all of the bad things that have happened to you guys aside from the sprouter were caused by the elemental legion . 
 the land mines by the apartment complex , the burning building , those men behind the burning building , the actual complex , jeremy shooting his dad , the huge horde , the gas station , the mall 's collapse , everything . 
 the men behind the burning building were actually members of the elemental legion . '' 
 caitlin responded . 
 her voice changed pitch when she mentioned the mall 's collapse . 
 if she knew about that , she must have known about jeremy . 
 `` it wo n't be long until they re-establish their spies and interfere again . '' 
 she continued . 
 `` we have to stop them . '' 
 if we took control of their technology , we could control the zombies . 
 we would be able to cleanse the world . 
 we had to do it , not only for ourselves , but for mankind . 
 i explained my theory to the group and they all shared the same idea . 
 `` caitlin , do you remember where they kept you captive ? '' 
 i asked . 
 caitlin nodded and told us we were in for a long trip . 
 it was a good thing we had a lot of water with us . 
 we gathered the water jugs and trudged toward the elemental legion hq . 
 we went to take the new-looking car , but we discovered that it didnt have a motor in it , only a battery . 
 one thing was for sure , we needed another method of transportation . 
 according to the directions caitlin had given us , it was a long way away , and we needed to get there asap . 
 we walked for about half an hour before we crossed to the interstate , where there were scattered cars everywhere . 
 the only issue was getting one that still worked . 
 we looked in at least 50 cars before i heard the sound of a motor running . 
 i went over to investigate , and sure enough it was a running ford f-150 with nobody in it . 
 the fuel tank was only at 1/2 , so it couldnt 've been abandoned too long ago . 
 i looked down into the middle of the seat and saw miscellaneous papers scattered around . 
 i also noticed a torn watch laying there . 
 i picked up the watch and examined it . 
 it looked almost identical to the watch jeremy always wore . 
 could this mean ... ... `` haley ! '' 
 i heard ryan call . 
 i stepped out of the truck and into plain view so he could see me . 
 `` i found a truck ! '' 
 i called in return . 
 everyone walked over to me and examined the truck . 
 `` this was jeremy 's . '' 
 weir informed us . 
 `` i recognize it from when i went down to his house for spring break 2 years ago . 
 there 's a crack in the same spot on the windshield and the same dent in the bumper . 
 and look , it 's even got the same ketchup stains in the back seat as the one he had . '' 
 how had jeremy 's truck gotten all the way out here from missouri ? 
 and how did it have only a half tank of gas ? 
 `` well , we better get going . '' 
 ryan suggested , and we all agreed . 
 ryan climbed in the driver 's seat , i climbed in the passenger seat , and zach , ashley , weir , wilson , and caitlin all climbed in the bed of the truck . 
 ryan started the weave in between the spew of cars on the highway . 
 `` hey ! 
 that 's my truck ! '' 
 someone yelled from behind us . 
 it could n't be ... . . 
 could it ? 
 `` ryan stop the truck ! '' 
 weir yelled . 
 as instructed , ryan slammed on the brakes . 
 `` holy crap ! 
 zach ! 
 andrew ! '' 
 the person behind us yelled , still trying to catch us . 
 it looked like a kid , probably 10 or 11 years old . 
 `` jj ! '' 
 weir yelled as he hopped out of the bed . 
 weir and the kid wrapped in a hug as i stepped out of the truck . 
 `` you 're jeremy 's nephew right ? 
 i remember you from his 15th birthday party . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` sure am , my uncle taught me everything he knew about zombies ! 
 too bad i could n't save my parents though ... . . 
 and i have no idea where my sister and little brother are ... . . '' 
 he trailed off . 
 it was obvious this kid was saddened by the loss of his family . 
 `` you can just hang with us jj , don ' worry . '' 
 weir said consoling jj . 
 at that , the frown that was on jj 's face turned into a little bit more of a smile . 
 jj climbed into the back seat and we kept driving . 
 `` so jj , you drove here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , not all the way , my dad drove us from missouri to the western end of kansas , but then we got attacked and i could n't save them . 
 my sister and little brother got lost , and i drove for about 40 miles , then this guy in black showed up on the road and offered to drive me a little ways . 
 i told him i needed to pee , and when i came back to the truck , you guys were driving . '' 
 jj responded . 
 `` i wonder what happened to the guy in black , he dropped this . '' 
 jj said as he held up the watch . 
 i swear , that watch looked identical to the one jeremy always wore , but then again , they used to make millions of those same exact watches . 
 i then dropped my suspicions of the watch for the moment . 
 as ryan drove down the highway , jj and i exchanged questions and stories . 
 i asked him about the man in black , he asked me about jeremy . 
 i shared my survival story with him and he shared his . 
 all the while , caitlin was directing ryan to the elemental legion hq . 
 `` hey ryan , stop for a second . '' 
 called caitlin from the back . 
 ryan obeyed and caitlin hopped out of the bed . 
 she walked over to a walker that was straggling the outside of the road . 
 she cut his head off with her knife and examined the back of his neck . 
 `` hell . '' 
 she said in the distance . 
 she came back to the truck and announced that the elemental legion had their spies already regrouped and working . 
 `` we 'll have to be extra cautious now , they 'll do anything to keep us away from them . '' 
 she continued . 
 knowing that someone knew every move i made was kind of intimidating , but the reason for this mission was to eliminate them , so i half-expected to be heavily monitored . 
 i looked at my ring and pondered it 's ability . 
 could i do what wilson did and merge with light ? 
 could i re-direct lgiht to become a distraction ? 
 could i heat something using the light ? 
 i was n't sure , but i was intent on finding out . 
 we started driving again , and i stared at the window . 
 the sun was beginning to set , and we would need to crash soon . 
 a few hours passed and night had fallen . 
 it was starting to become that time of year when the nights would start to drop in temperature . 
 all of us could n't sleep in the truck , so we decided to make a fire to keep all of us warm . 
 ryan and zach went out to look for firewood . 
 i stepped out of the truck and into the grassy area next to the road with ashley . 
 jj , caitlin , weir , and wilson stayed in the bed and talked . 
 `` whoah haley , you 're glowing ! '' 
 ashley gasped . 
 i was too immersed in thought to realize what was going on . 
 i looked at my hands and my body , and amidst the darkness , i was indeed glowing . 
 i looked at my ring and it appeared to be glowing as brighter than i was . 
 `` this is awesome ! '' 
 i gasped . 
 i thought about something , and decided to try it . 
 i stepped forward and threw my hands out to my sides . 
 i then swept my hands through the air in front of me . 
 sure enough , everything began to illuminate . 
 the trees , grass , road , even people . 
 it looked as if it were now daytime , but with a nighttime sky . 
 `` what are you doing ! '' 
 yelled caitlin . 
 she jumped from the bed and ran toward me . 
 `` haley , turn everything back ! 
 quick ! '' 
 she said hurriedly . 
 i swept my hands over everything again and the darkness of the night returned . 
 `` it 's my fault , i did n't tell you ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` what 's wrong caitlin ? '' 
 i asked hurriedly . 
 `` whenever you use the ring 's power , it angers the elemental legion , they 're more likely to attack ! '' 
 she explained . 
 `` what will they attack with ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it could be anything out here . '' 
 she replied . 
 i thought about what they could use against us . 
 there were no walkers nearby , no electrical currents . 
 then it hit me . 
 `` we have to find zach and ryan ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 just then , we heard two screams come from the forest . 
 weir , jj , and wilson all hopped out of the bed and ran toward us . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 i yelled as i ran toward the woods in an attempt to find my colleagues . 
 `` ryan ! 
 zach ! 
 where are you !? '' 
 i yelled the loudest i could as i continued to trudge through the trees and brush . 
 i looked into the night sky as i ran . 
 the beautiful stars , the magnificent shade of blue . 
 it was so peaceful in my time of panic . 
 something in my gut was starting to tell me to watch the sky for some kind of sign . 
 i was n't sure what it was , but i listened to it . 
 i ran into tree after tree , but i kept my eyes on the sky . 
 finally , just as i was going to look back to my front , a huge fountain of fire sprung from the treetops . 
 that 's where ryan and zach are my gut kept telling me , go there ! 
 my gut was right about the sign , but was it right about following it ? 
 i decided to find out the hard way . 
 i began to run toward the huge fountain of flames . 
 as i got closer , i heard maniacal laughter , and a familiar voice . 
 i could swear that voice belonged to jeremy . 
 i pushed through the final trees before the fountain and found myself in a small field . 
 this field was about the circumference of a sumo-wrestling ring with trees encircling it . 
 i stuck to the treeline , and before me i saw zach and ryan in the middle of the field tied to a wooden pole , unconscious . 
 behind them , i saw a silhouette of a man holding his hand in the air and emitting the fountain of flame . 
 next to him , i saw an elderly man , he must have been at least 100 years old at least , directing and encouraging the silhouette . 
 `` yes , yes that 's it ! 
 you will master the ring in no time ! '' 
 the elderly man shouted . 
 that silhouette must have the ring of flame ! 
 `` hold hit ! '' 
 i yelled without thinking . 
 at the sound of my voice , the elderly man looked away from the silhouette and made eye contact with me . 
 the silhouette continued whatever he was trying to do . 
 `` aaaah haley , just the woman we 've been expecting ! '' 
 the elderly man shouted in a twisted , maniacal voice . 
 `` how do you know my name ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 `` oh my dear . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` caitlin told you about the elemental legion yes ? 
 you should know that we know everything ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 the elemental legion ? 
 they could get here this fast ? 
 this was unbelievable ! 
 `` let my friends go old man ! '' 
 i tried to be as menacing as i could , but i do n't think it intimidated them much . 
 the silhouette 's head now seemed to be pointing in my direction . 
 while still continuing his fountain of flames , he leaned over and said something to the old man . 
 `` yes , she may seem familiar to you because she was once your ally before your accident . 
 but remember my apprentice , your former ` allies ' planned your accident to get rid of you ! '' 
 he responded . 
 i had no idea what he was talking about . 
 `` they betrayed you , but the elemental legion is too smart to double-cross a tremendous asset such as yourself ! '' 
 he continued . 
 the silhouette once again leaned over to the old man , but this time his face entered into the light . 
 i was stunned . 
 i knew the silhouette , he should be dead . 
 `` yes , that would probably be for the best '' the old man responded . 
 but it could n't be , he could n't have survived through his ordeal . 
 i was lost in thought , but the one smidgen of reality i saw was a fireball coming from the silhouette and hitting a branch of one of the trees i was in front of . 
 this branch was right above me , and it quickly detached from the tree . 
 it fell and hit me in the head , then trapping my body under it . 
 all i could see were fire and trees , and before i lost consciousness , the image of jeremy 's face coming into the light from the darkness of the silhouette ran through my mind . 
 to be continued thank you so much for taking the time to read my book . 
 if you liked it , please recommend it to your friends and watch out for the second installment in jeremy bene 's ` the fear of ' trilogy . 
