 lifesphere inc acquisition talitha kalago copyright 2013 smashwords edition dedicated to my mother . 
 you 're amazing . 
 in memory of my cousin , llync , and her children , jocelyn and garry , who died in the brisbane floods , 2011 . 
 and also for zachary , who did n't . 
 chapters 01 . 
 breaking news 02 . 
 squall 's warning 03 . 
 the deal 04 . 
 fight ! 
 05 . 
 giles saves the day 06 . 
 desperation 07 . 
 tag team style 08 . 
 more than just a fight 09 . 
 need for speed 10 . 
 the win 11 . 
 revenge is a dish best served cold 12 . 
 home sweet home 13 . 
 aquillis the heartthrob 14 . 
 the challenge 15 . 
 crackers 16 . 
 my wall , my posterboy 17 . 
 blood red , blood blue 18 . 
 missing persons 19 . 
 wheelchair accessible 20 . 
 there will be blood do you want more ? 
 acknowledgements about the author copyright chapter one breaking news `` eli ! 
 did you hear - '' everything apple said was drowned out by the engines of an airship as it dropped low overhead . 
 its undercarriage flared open , emptying hundreds of tons of rubbish onto the twenty mile wide ring of trash between city walls and the desert . 
 apple 's lips kept moving , but his wild gestures were n't making any sense . 
 eli waited until the belly of the ship was empty and its engines roared , lifting it back up into the smoggy sky . 
 `` what ? '' 
 eli slid down the mound of refuse he had been digging through . 
 `` it 's all over the news vids , '' apple said , exasperated . 
 `` i have n't been watching the news vids . 
 i 've been out here . '' 
 `` a thug from the rift just robbed a bank with a meka . 
 lotsa people were killed . 
 they say they 're making a law so only people with citizenship can get meka . '' 
 eli 's gut clenched , as if something slimy was twisting up inside him . 
 `` who says ? '' 
 apple pointed back toward the vast wall of the looming city . 
 `` the news vids ! '' 
 eli hoisted his bag of scavenged trinkets higher up on his shoulder . 
 `` that ca n't be true . 
 it 's got to be some kind of mistake . '' 
 apple nodded earnestly , though his eyebrows were quirked with worry . 
 together they clambered nimbly over the scree , wary of the bellies of the ships as they meandered overhead like growling whales . 
 being crushed by garbage was a common way to die on the rim . 
 the edge of the shanty town was a wall of uneven , angular shapes like broken teeth , all pressed together and a uniform shade of filthy . 
 walls were made from signs and bits of furniture tied together with pieces of rope . 
 roofs were tarps or doors and all the floors were dirt . 
 millions of people lived on the rim , outside the city in their trash-and-dirt hovels . 
 the sound of them , all crammed together in makeshift shelters was louder even than the engines of the garbage ships . 
 looming above everything , the city dominated the western skyline . 
 the wall of concresteel rose up hundreds of feet into the air , curving away to the south and north . 
 from the ground it looked like the city wall went on forever . 
 the topside was barely visible , perched on top of the wall . 
 a glorious city of spires and lights : the home of the affluent , the birthplace of the elite . 
 the rim , with its shanties and people and desperation , ringed the city in all directions ; a shambled overflowing of poverty that existed without proper power , water , sanitation or citizenship . 
 a few people waved as eli and apple reached the edge of the ramshackle buildings . 
 everyone here was dirty , wearing mismatched , scavenged clothes and most were very young , or very old . 
 the able-bodied could usually find work in the city -- factory or sanitation work , jobs that sapped strength and willpower and paid barely enough to make it worthwhile . 
 but sometimes a factory job was enough to get you citizenship and then you could sleep in the city , underground , but safely enclosed in the wall . 
 in two years , when he turned fifteen , eli would have no choice but to do the same . 
 right now he was too young and it was scavenge or starve . 
 eli and apple wove their way down the narrow , dirt paths , past squalling infants and boggy puddles that stunk of rotted food and piss . 
 dunx was the only person in this part of the rim with a working vid screen . 
 he was waiting for them with a big grin on his face as eli pushed back the tarp into the muddy shelter . 
 his hair was white and thin , growing in scraggly patches on one side of his head from chemical burns in his youth . 
 his teeth were a nauseating shade of brown . 
 `` come ta see , have you eli ? '' 
 the old man leered . 
 `` thought you might . 
 thought news about the meka might lure you in . 
 looks like you 're stuck , boy . 
 stuck here and going to die here like the rest of us . '' 
 he cackled hard at that , but eli ignored him , crouching down in front of the semitransparent image , waiting for the news items to cycle back to the meka story . 
 all dunx had was an old box-hover screen . 
 a lump of molded plastic that projected a hologram into the air , with cracked buttons and no remote control . 
 half the time the image was too transparent to see , but the sound was pretty good . 
 through the haze and crackle of the screen , the pretty blonde news reporter , tally tamon , was all smiles , makeup and designer summer dresses . 
 `` and in other news , officials are moving to pass new laws prohibiting anyone not holding an orange citizenship or higher from owning meka ; after nine people , including two young children , were killed in a bank robbery earlier today . 
 the meka 's handler , believed to have lived in the rift , held no citizenship card and used his meka to bash through security check points and throw the militia hovers that barricaded his path . 
 the footage we are about to show you may be unsuitable for young viewers . '' 
 the image cut to a shaky handheld video feed of a typical topside street with the skypath running overhead , the carriages nothing but a silver blur as they whipped past . 
 the street was clean , with plastic trees that sprouted from neat holes in the sidewalk , concealing tiny speakers that trilled out fake birdsong and classical music . 
 a militia hover spun across the scene , thrown through the air with immense force . 
 it smashed into a shop front , cracking the perspex windows and crumpling like foil , spitting flames . 
 topside citizens came into view , running and screaming , trying to hide in shop doorways or behind fake trees . 
 lumbering behind them was an immense meka , knuckles dragging as it walked . 
 it 's thick , shaggy fur had picked up litter and filth in the rift , so it looked like a walking mound of trash . 
 tusks as long as eli 's hand jutted from its lower jaw , and when it roared , he could see a mess of jagged teeth . 
 stalking along behind it was a man dressed in an overcoat , face dark with stubble . 
 he was cheering as the meka hoisted a woman into the air , dangling her over its mouth before -- -- the image cut back to tally tamon , still smiling . 
 `` a spokesperson from lifesphere incorporated joins us live from the zenith biosphere . '' 
 the image on screen divided into two , the right half displaying a man in a fancy suit with a flip of green hair over one eye . 
 `` hello , ms tally . '' 
 `` hello , drant ellis , '' tally countered . 
 `` today lifesphere incorporated is facing a lot of criticism , as experts claim the meka are unsafe and ownership should be illegal for those without an orange citizenship or higher . 
 how does lifesphere incorporated respond to this ? '' 
 `` the meka , '' drant said , `` can not be held responsible for this . 
 they are bio-organic constructs designed to obey the will of their handler . 
 their personalities , behavior ; even shape , size and appearance are all determined by the dna of the human they are bonded to . 
 yes , some people are going to have more dangerous meka than others . 
 it 's not , however , affected by income or location , but variances in their handler 's genetic structure . 
 incidents like this one are rare and meka are a multibillion dollar industry . 
 this very vid station televises meka fights in taramon arena , and many of the city 's most famous handlers originated from the blueline or the rift . '' 
 `` could that be because people from the lower castes are more inclined to violence , and thus creating meka capable of greater destructive power ? '' 
 tally asked . 
 the image became too static to see and dunx began pounding on the side of the vid screen , swearing and jabbing at it with a screwdriver . 
 eli stood silent , trying to hide the tremble of disappointment in his lip . 
 he bit his cheek until he tasted blood , but he could still feel his eyes stinging , trying to betray him . 
 dunx glanced at him . 
 `` are yeh gon na cry , boy ? '' 
 he gritted his teeth , stalking out from under the tarp and back through the maze of humpies to the rising mounds of rubbish . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 apple ran after him . 
 `` eli ? '' 
 `` leave me alone ! '' 
 he snarled and apple fell back . 
 for as long as he could remember , the meka had been his only way out . 
 his big dream . 
 someone like him could buy a meka egg and if they had the talent and the drive , they could become famous . 
 rich . 
 they could leave the rim forever , live in a house and eat whenever they liked . 
 all his life eli had been saving , going hungry , stealing , begging for scraps -- so that when he was just a little older , when he had just a little more cash , he would be able to buy a meka of his own . 
 if this new law passed , he would be stuck on the rim forever , always with one eye on the sky so he did n't end up crushed by rich people 's garbage . 
 it was n't fair . 
 it was dark by the time eli made his way back through the towering piles of refuse to the shanty . 
 there was no electricity in the rim , but the looming mass of the city towering overhead illuminated the world , the glow of its lights reaching into the sky for hundreds of miles . 
 it bathed the rim in blue , pulsing waves and cast shadows deep into the wild reaches of the desert . 
 here and there , among the shacks , small campfires burned , manned by those who actually had food to cook , rather than noodles in automatically heating cups . 
 despite leaving to sulk , eli was returning with a bag of scavenged odds and ends : clothes , broken jabbers , some sofa cushions with coffee spilt on them and a box of plastic jewelry . 
 these were for the troupe to sell , but everything eli owned had once been trash . 
 his clothes were an absurd mishmash of rejected topside styles : a faux-leather jacket that would have cost more new than the troupe earned in a whole year ; big thick black boots , militia issue , but with chemical burns on the soles ; pants that seemed to be made completely of pockets and a mesh and cord shirt that was ` in ' with the teenagers in celestial plaza who liked to look tough . 
 he made his way through the maze of narrow paths to the circular rat 's nest of shacks he called home . 
 his troupe called themselves the red hollows and they had a core membership of eight . 
 eli and apple were the oldest of the scavengers . 
 pink was a violent twenty-something who manned the troupe 's stall in the blueline , selling the salvage . 
 people bought from her because she was pretty , but the troupe liked her because she could run down shoplifters and beat them bloody . 
 fraggle worked the stall too , guarding it when pink was ` bringing down the hurt ' on someone . 
 yate , dina and pickle worked as laborers in a textile factory , the troupe 's only steady income . 
 old nicholas stayed in the rim ; sorting their salvage , defending their campsite from the other troupes and keeping an eye on the other scavengers : a fluctuating array of orphan children who came and went , depending on the food supply . 
 eli dumped his bag on nicholas ' lap ignoring his murmured greeting . 
 pink and fraggle were nowhere to be seen , but yate and pickle were huddled under blankets , sullenly eating from steaming cups . 
 they had flaky calluses on their hands . 
 when they 'd first started working at the factory they 'd come home with bloody fingers for weeks . 
 it made eli sick to think he would turn out like that , always exhausted , pale , with sunken eyes and no more dreams . 
 dina looked up from where she was counting the day 's take . 
 `` where you been ? '' 
 she slammed the tin 's lid closed . 
 `` runnin ' off all afternoon . 
 we wo n't come looking for you if you get buried . '' 
 eli glared , digging a cup of noodles out of a box and pulling the tab to heat it , before peeling back the lid . 
 inside was a steaming , colorless mess of noodles , now almost too hot to touch . 
 `` there was a news story about meka today , did n't you hear ? '' 
 apple asked . 
 `` i heard , '' dina said with a sneer . 
 `` do n't make no difference . 
 eli was n't going to get a meka anyhow . '' 
 she turned to eli , `` you hear that ? 
 you is stuck here like the rest of us . '' 
 `` shut it ! '' 
 eli snapped back . 
 `` i am going to get a meka . '' 
 she scoffed . 
 `` maybe if someone throws out their citizenship card . '' 
 `` you do n't know anything , '' he muttered . 
 he ate his noodles in silence . 
 they always tasted terrible , not much more than salty water , but tonight they tasted like ash . 
 `` you should take this stuff to pink and fraggle right now , '' nicholas held up the bag of salvage . 
 `` we had a bad day . 
 the price of noodle cups has gone up fifty cents each . 
 we need to make another ten dollars a day , just to keep up with food and water costs . '' 
 eli sighed and put his empty cup of noodles aside . 
 it was a long walk into the city to the blueline markets , but it was better than sitting around here , wallowing in his own misery . 
 he slung the bag over his shoulder . 
 this was his life . 
 might as well get used to it . 
 chapter two squall 's warning eli wound his way up through the rim toward the city . 
 around him , the shanties slowly gave way to broken walls and moldering buildings . 
 abandoned by the city , but not the people . 
 most were without roofs and gaps in walls had been stuffed with refuse , but their solid foundations made them more desirable and there was often violence here as troupes fought over location . 
 the buildings were ancient , erected long before the wall went up . 
 it used to be , if you dug around under the floors you could find old world stuff . 
 but it was all gone now . 
 dug up and sold . 
 eli thought the buildings were pretty ugly anyway . 
 some were made of old world concrete that crumbled , and bits of things that should have been recycled a long time ago . 
 the old , shattered husks gave way abruptly to the vast rise of modern concresteel , as if the wall had just plopped down from space , crushing the city that had been there before . 
 the militia that patrolled the top on hover bikes were just specks , almost invisible from the ground . 
 anyone who even considered climbing the sheer , grey surface would be shot down . 
 sometimes , perhaps for fun , the militia took pot shots into the shanties , so eli hurried up the narrow causeways , not wanting to be caught by a stray bullet if someone got trigger happy . 
 eli was n't going up to the topside , of course , way up on top of the wall . 
 he 'd been once or twice , but the risk of being caught was high and it was rarely worth the effort . 
 the topside was for the rich and elite . 
 only a tiny fraction of the population lived up there , in the sun . 
 everyone else was in the blueline : the layers under the topside , enclosed in the wall , with ceiling and walls on every side . 
 blueliners lived a subterranean life of neon lights , cramped spaces and endless , pulsing noise . 
 to get into the blueline , eli had to climb up the winding tangle of paths through the shanties to the wall itself . 
 the gates into the blueline were spaced around the wall at regular , fifty mile intervals , though not all of them were accessible . 
 so even though they were huge , large enough to fly a hover through , eli still had to squeeze his way through the crush of people to get in . 
 old check points , abandoned now and turned into market stalls , guarded the gate like sentries . 
 there was no militia here to impede the flow of the crowd . 
 no one demanded to see proof of citizenship . 
 which was good , because no one from the rim had a citizenship card . 
 if they did , they 'd find somewhere better to live . 
 worming his way through the press of people , bag clutched to his chest to keep it safe from pickpockets , eli passed the threshold from rim to blueline . 
 stepping into the city was like the sudden coming of night . 
 the low ceiling closed in over eli and even the blasts of cold , filtered air roaring through the air vents could n't disguise the smell and heat of so many people . 
 the light from the rim faded , then vanished completely as eli pushed on further through the crowded streets . 
 he had to swallow down a moment of claustrophobia . 
 not just because of the low ceiling and thousands of people all around him , but because he was painfully aware that right above him was another city street just the same as this one . 
 and another above that . 
 and another . 
 layers on layers of people and buildings , all stacked on top of each other like pancakes . 
 not to mention , the sounds and lights were a constant yammering , flashing , headache-inducing nightmare . 
 everything was neon . 
 everyone was loud . 
 in the markets , the stalls were crowded so close together there was scarcely room to pass between them and the flow of people was slow and stiflingly hot . 
 of the twenty million people living in the blueline , most would only see sunlight a few times a year . 
 most had no need to leave the subterranean network of streets , houses and shops . 
 `` hey , eli , '' pink said , picking under her fluorescent green nails with a knife as eli approached the stall . 
 there was nothing about pink that was actually ` pink ' . 
 her nails , lips and hair were blue or green , as were her clothes ; but here she was just another neon feature in the blueline wildlife . 
 eli dumped the bag on the table . 
 the market around them bustled with industry . 
 stalls were erected anywhere they would fit and their proximity slowed the foot traffic to a crawl . 
 location was everything and any unmanned stall would be claimed within a matter of seconds . 
 the red hollows had fought hard for their place here and they never left it unattended . 
 even if no one was buying . 
 `` nicholas said i should bring these things up . 
 said you had a bad day . '' 
 `` yeah , bad day , '' pink agreed , pulling open the bag and sorting through the contents . 
 `` these 'll sell , '' pink held up a handful of the plastic jewelry . 
 eli nodded , but his attention was on one of the many fifteen foot long hover screens hanging from the ceiling . 
 it was showing the news story again ; the footage of the rampaging meka filling the screen , this time in blurry life sized horror . 
 `` sorry , eli . '' 
 fraggle gave him a pitying look . 
 `` probably for the best , yeah ? '' 
 he scowled . 
 `` it 's not for the best . 
 it 's a bunch of useless - '' pink cut him off . 
 `` you know , if you want a meka so bad , i heard a guy down the skypath is sellin ' em . '' 
 people told pink things . 
 sometimes because they were afraid of her , sometimes to stop her from punching their teeth out . 
 no one gave pink bad info unless they wanted to be in a whole world of pain , so most of the time , her tip-offs were gold . 
 `` i do n't have enough money , '' eli said , scuffing his boots on the filthy floor . 
 `` maybe you do , maybe you do n't . 
 i hear he has some kind of deal going . '' 
 eli 's heart somersaulted in his throat and he tried to swallow it back down . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 `` sure , i 'm sure . '' 
 `` sure ? '' 
 eli pressed . 
 she balled her fists . 
 `` you calling me a liar , eli ? 
 cause i can come over this table and make you rethink that . '' 
 he held up his hands in surrender . 
 `` okay , i believe you . 
 i 'm going to check it out . '' 
 `` do n't go , eli , '' fraggle warned . 
 `` anything that sounds too good to be true , is . '' 
 `` i can take care of myself , '' eli said with a dismissive wave of his hand . 
 `` if anything looks fishy i 'll bail . '' 
 `` eli 's not a coward , '' pink said with a fierce grin . 
 fraggle frowned , looking like he wanted to say more , but he did n't . 
 the closest skypath station was only a few blocks away . 
 they were everywhere in the city , though the topside ones were gated . 
 with no room for personalized transport in the blueline , everyone used the skypath . 
 in places like the celestial plaza , the super rich had their own hovers . 
 eli saw them on the commercial vids ; colorful and sleek , nothing like the wasp-like hovers the militia used . 
 it was hard to imagine that kind of wealth , but the top tier of meka handlers made that much money easily . 
 they could have brought a personalized hover with the winnings from any big televised battle . 
 as eli arrived at the skypath , the carriages were leaving the station in a silver blur and the departing passengers were streaming out between the gates . 
 he saw the meka right away . 
 it looked like a huge , black and white tiger , but with six legs and two perpendicular rows of spikes sprouting over its eyes , between its ears and part way down the back of its head . 
 every black stripe was rimmed with iridescent color that shifted , pulsed and changed in a shimmering rainbow , stark against the monochrome . 
 eli had n't been close to many meka , and never one with such huge teeth and claws . 
 he was sure it belonged to the meka dealer . 
 who else would be standing around on the skypath platform with a fighting meka ? 
 he edged closer , trying to see its handler . 
 the platform emptied and it seemed there was no one there , just the meka waiting alone . 
 then eli heard the squeak of rubber . 
 frowning , he crouched down and saw wheels and sneakers between the meka 's legs . 
 cautiously , he walked around the meka , which gazed at him with sparkling golden eyes . 
 beside it , was a girl about his age . 
 she had one gloved hand on the meka 's side and was digging through a backpack with the other . 
 `` uh , '' eli looked from her to the meka . 
 she glanced up and flashed him a grin . 
 mischievous green eyes matched her smile , with masses of brown hair tied back in a haphazard bun . 
 she was extremely short , but only because she was sitting in a red-framed wheelchair . 
 `` were you looking at my meka ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , '' eli confessed . 
 `` lots of people do . 
 his name is dirge . '' 
 `` he 's impressive . 
 but , actually , '' eli hesitated , `` i was looking for someone . 
 someone who is dealing meka ? 
 i do n't think it 's you . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` nope . 
 you should be careful though . 
 backstreet meka dealers are only after one thing . '' 
 curious , eli edged closer . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` they find someone green , someone who does n't know anything about meka , and agree to give them one , sometimes for free . 
 the catch is the meka has to fight in an illegal arena . 
 usually the meka dies . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 eli asked , `` ca n't the handler just get a new one ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` people can only bond with one meka , ever . 
 even if your first meka dies , any others you try and bond with will go feral . 
 a feral meka is very dangerous . 
 besides , the bond between meka and handler goes both ways . 
 you hang around the wrong places , you 'll see what happens to handlers whose meka died . 
 it 's like they die too , but they 're still breathing and walking . 
 they stop looking after themselves . 
 the lucky ones end up in hospitals , i guess , but the others ... they just wander around until they starve . '' 
 eli licked his lips and swallowed . 
 `` i did n't know that . '' 
 the girl shrugged . 
 `` i 'm squall , by the way . '' 
 `` eli . 
 you do n't really seem like the type to have a meka . '' 
 squall laughed . 
 `` cause i 'm in a wheelchair ? '' 
 eli flushed . 
 `` no , i just meant ... '' `` it 's okay . 
 people get meka for lots of reasons . 
 i 'm from the blueline and after i had my accident , well , my parents just could n't afford the surgery i needed . 
 not like the people on the topside , right ? 
 it was hundreds of thousands of dollars to grow me a new spine . 
 so they thought if i got a meka , it could help me . 
 but i got dirge instead , '' she laughed . 
 `` my parents did n't want me taking him to arenas for the longest time , but he 's made for fighting . 
 we do pretty well . '' 
 `` you fight in the arenas ? '' 
 eli asked , impressed . 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's great fun . 
 it 's hard , but meka do n't get seriously hurt in licensed arenas . '' 
 `` are n't meka expensive to keep ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` they eat anything . 
 plus there is lots of ways a meka can pay for itself . 
 you just have to know how to make the best use of it . 
 since we started fighting , dirge earns more than he costs . '' 
 `` i 've always wanted a meka , '' eli confessed . 
 `` well , be careful what you sacrifice to get it , '' squall warned . 
 `` you do n't want to end up like those bug-brains , dying in the corners . 
 i have to get home . 
 my parents will be worried . '' 
 he waved good bye as squall and dirge headed out of the station . 
 once he was alone , he sighed , pondering her advice . 
 maybe he did n't know as much about the meka as he should , but where was a kid from the rim going to learn that stuff ? 
 you needed a citizenship card to get into the library bars and eli could n't even read . 
 he was about to head back to the troupe 's stall when there was movement in a dark corner of the platform . 
 a raspy voice hissed : `` hey kid , i heard you say you want a meka ? '' 
 eli squinted , trying to see the man in the shadows a little clearer , but he only got the impression of unshaven jowls and the musty odor of cheap wine and tobacco smoke . 
 `` maybe , '' eli said warily . 
 `` what if i do ? '' 
 `` i can help you . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i have all you need . 
 i do n't want much in return . 
 just a little favor . '' 
 `` a fight , right ? '' 
 eli challenged . 
 `` one fight , '' the man agreed . 
 `` one fight and the meka is yours free of charge . 
 in fact , if you win the fight , i 'll give you half the prize money . 
 five hundred dollars . 
 it 's win win , is n't it ? 
 you do n't have anything to lose . '' 
 five hundred dollars . 
 that was more than eli had managed to save in his whole life . 
 he wanted to be more cautious , but if he agreed , he could have his own meka and five hundred dollars . 
 maybe it was a long shot , but if he lost , well , he 'd just be right back where he started . 
 he licked his lips , which had suddenly gone dry , and pushed squall 's words out of his mind . 
 there was nothing to lose . 
 nothing at all . 
 `` okay , you got a deal . '' 
 they waited on the platform and caught the next carriage deeper into the blueline , a long way from the rim . 
 eli was n't even certain he 'd be able to find his way home . 
 the station regions and numbers flashed past so fast , eli did n't have time to memorize them . 
 they rode mostly in silence , though the man did tell eli his name was kalex and that eli was the third kid he 'd taken to get a meka today . 
 `` there 'll be a lot more , '' kalex said . 
 `` with this stupid law . 
 i bet you 'll see a lot of young meka in the rim in the next few weeks . '' 
 and that was the most either of them said . 
 finally kalex directed eli off the skypath at some far distant station . 
 there was a gate to the topside here , busy with a flustered line of people . 
 the checkpoints looked like jail cells , with rows of thick black bars and militia officers in their hard grey uniforms and smooth , black , featureless masks . 
 citizenship cards were checked , and people were filed through a bioscan , one at a time . 
 anyone deemed a health risk would be turned away , but eli could n't even remember the last time he had a cold . 
 with all the filth and crowding in the rim , you did n't last long with a weak immune system . 
 it was the citizenship cards that were important . 
 the technology was strictly controlled . 
 eli had never heard of anyone successfully forging one , but he had heard of people being sentenced to life in prison when they tried . 
 there were gaps in the barriers . 
 places you could sneak by check points with only a slap on the wrist , but forging a card was suicide . 
 `` we do n't need to go through there , do we ? '' 
 eli asked , catching sight of the black and grey militia uniforms through the crowd . 
 kalex glanced at the gates and his nose crinkled in distaste . 
 `` nah . 
 nothing to do with those fascists . 
 do n't stare , they 'll think we 're up to something . '' 
 `` are n't we ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 that 's why i do n't want them ` investigating ' . 
 last thing you ever want is for one of them to get a good look at you and remember you . 
 they 'll hound you forever . '' 
 eli was all too familiar with the militia and how they worked . 
 they usually did n't pay much attention to kids from the rim though , unless they were trying to go topside . 
 staying out of their way was n't too hard for someone like eli . 
 he guessed kalex , who probably had a citizenship card and thus a personnel file in the network , had much more to lose . 
 kalex steered them away , down a dark alleyway that was little more than a crack between two shops . 
 they had to duck under the service pipes and came out onto a busy suburban street , but they did n't stay for long . 
 after only a few blocks , kalex turned down a staircase , then another , past suburb after suburb , taking them further and further from the safety of the topside . 
 two levels down , three , then four : that was where the power stopped . 
 the city did n't fund any services below the forth level of the blueline . 
 there was no water , no power and more importantly , no air filtration . 
 a pocket of bad air could kill before you realized you were dying . 
 gases leaked from odd places down there . 
 chemical runoff , sewerage , forgotten gas lines ; they all created toxic bubbles . 
 add to that the stories of psychopaths , rogue meka and mutant rats , and no one in their right mind left the safety -lrb- or oxygen -rrb- of the blueline . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 eli protested , stopping at the top of another flight of stairs , this one leading down into complete darkness . 
 `` that 's the undercity . '' 
 kalex smirked up at him . 
 `` ' fraid , are ya ? '' 
 `` i 'm not afraid . 
 there 's just nothing in the undercity . '' 
 `` i say there is . '' 
 `` you 're mad . '' 
 `` stop stallin ' . '' 
 eli hesitated , looking around for militia or anyone else who might try and stop them . 
 there were a few people around , but none of them were taking any interest in eli . 
 when kalex continued down , vanishing in the darkness , eli hurried after him . 
 on the next landing , he could see light through a doorway . 
 a dim , distant light , from somewhere on the undercity street that barely filtered into the ruined staircase . 
 eli guessed there was power down here after all . 
 stolen from above , perhaps , or powered by some means he could not yet identify . 
 he was glad to step onto the street and away from the stairwell and its spiraling darkness . 
 how deep did those stairs lead ? 
 twenty levels ? 
 thirty ? 
 thinking about it gave him the shivers . 
 in the undercity , the light was poor , coming from bare bulbs bolted to walls connected by winding loops of power cord . 
 most of the bulbs were broken or blown and there were patches of darkness that ate at the street and left eli blind until he reached the next glowing bulb . 
 the air was sour and the walls dripped with refuse from the city above . 
 a cracked sewerage pipe had created a creek of brown sludgy water that burbled across the road , vanishing into a crack in the pavement . 
 he wondered if the smell was toxic or just plain bad . 
 for eli , used to the brutal chaos of the rim and the crushing crowd of the blueline , it was much too still . 
 the only movement came from the flicker of lights or the bold patrols of rats that scampered about as if the two humans were n't there at all . 
 eli thought he saw a woman disappearing into the dark recesses of a doorway , but in the dim light he supposed an army could be hiding down here and he would never know . 
 they turned a corner and ahead , eli could see a doorway that spilled cold , white light onto the cracked asphalt . 
 kalex led the way inside , but on the threshold eli was overcome with the smell of bleach . 
 it looked like a clinic waiting room , with sterile white walls and cracked plastic chairs in an array of offensive colors . 
 where there should have been a nurse , there was only an empty , sagging desk . 
 `` wait ... '' eli hesitated in the doorway . 
 ignoring him , kalex continued down a corridor , past a number of closed doors . 
 eli could n't help glancing back over his shoulder toward the open doorway , suppressing a shudder . 
 he was starting to wish he 'd listened to squall . 
 everyone had heard horror stories of mad scientists who lured people into the undercity to steal their organs or torture them in hideous experiments . 
 once in a while , there were vid stories about mutilated corpses recovered right on the edge of the undercity . 
 eli had never really believed them ... until now . 
 chapter three the deal `` doctor ? '' 
 kalex called as they approached the last door . 
 a man peered out at them , his eyes magnified tenfold by the glasses perched on his crooked nose . 
 one hand closed around the doorframe like a claw , manicured nails faintly visible through the latex gloves he wore . 
 as neat as the nails were , and despite the gloves , eli thought he saw something dried and brown under the doctor 's fingernails . 
 he was wearing an apron , like a butcher . 
 it was brilliantly white , but for a murky green streak down his front in the shape of a child 's hand . 
 `` come on , '' he said impatiently , like he had been waiting for them . 
 eli followed kalex through the door , throat tight . 
 it looked like the building really had been a hospital once . 
 the room was set up as a laboratory with huge , deep sinks , numerous old refrigerators and stainless steel countertops . 
 lined up against the wall , there were three fluid-filled tanks , brimming with multicolored spheres . 
 the spheres had pulsating , root-like growths that fanned in the liquid like sea anemones . 
 meka eggs ! 
 eli had seen them before on the vids . 
 inside was a seed of life , still missing the crucial element it needed to grow . 
 it would stay dormant until it was bonded with a handler . 
 using a net , the doctor fished out one of the eggs and plopped it in a kidney shaped bowl . 
 the little roots hung limp out of the fluid , but the colors still swirled across the surface like the rainbow on a soap bubble . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 eli asked the doctor , watching the man warily . 
 `` i draw a tiny drop of blood from your finger , '' the doctor said , his dry voice making eli 's spine crawl . 
 `` with this . '' 
 the doctor slipped a small device from his pocket that eli had mistaken for a pen . 
 he hesitated a long moment before holding out his hand . 
 the doctor pressed the tip of the ` pen ' against his fingertip . 
 there was a sharp click and a prick and a drop of blood beaded on eli 's skin . 
 `` now touch the egg , '' the doctor instructed . 
 `` mark it with your dna . '' 
 eli licked his lips , and then tentatively touched the pulsing sphere . 
 it was slimy and his blood absorbed into its surface like water into a dry sponge . 
 nothing happened . 
 eli looked up at the doctor accusingly , but the man had turned away , washing the pen in pink disinfectant . 
 `` get it , '' kalex said , suddenly restless , shifting his weight from one foot to another . 
 `` the egg ? '' 
 eli asked . 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 put it in your pocket or something . '' 
 gingerly , eli scooped the slimy thing up and tucked it into one of the many pockets in his pants . 
 `` do n't go sittin ' on it , '' kalex warned , then motioned for eli to follow him out . 
 he seemed almost as wary of the doctor as eli , and hurried back down the corridor as quickly as he could without actually breaking into a run . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 eli asked him as they stepped back out onto the dark , stinking street . 
 `` egg 'll grow a bit , then hatch . 
 when it hatches , you come and meet me at the skypath station again . 
 i 'll expect you by tomorrow night , ya hear ? 
 if ya are n't there , then i 'll send people looking for ya , and ya do n't want that . '' 
 eli nodded . 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 kalex led eli back up through the undercity to the skypath station and put him in the right carriage home . 
 eli spent the whole journey with his hand over the egg , feeling the pulse of life as it began to expand , twitching from within . 
 it felt hot against his skin now , and it was getting hotter , almost burning his leg through the material . 
 when he reached the markets , he hurried past the red hollow stall , ignoring pink 's call to stop . 
 he did n't want to show them , not yet . 
 not until the meka had hatched . 
 it was almost dawn when eli finished the long trek back to the rim , and by the time he arrived at the red hollow lean-tos , it was getting light . 
 all around him people were waking up ; the children heading out to scavenge , the adults hiking in to the city to work the sweatshops . 
 eli avoided the shack with nicholas still inside , slipping into the empty one he shared with apple . 
 he was tired , exhausted even . 
 he 'd been awake all night , but it was worth it . 
 reverently , he took the egg from his pocket and placed it on the blanket , stretching out beside it . 
 it wobbled , expanding another few centimeters , and eli thought he saw the dark flicker of movement inside . 
 it was alive . 
 a meka . 
 his meka . 
 he cupped his hand against it to stop it rolling away . 
 smiling , he closed his eyes . 
 `` just for a moment , '' he murmured . 
 then he was asleep . 
 eli woke to a sharp pain . 
 `` yaow ! '' 
 he sat up , clutching his hand to his chest . 
 razor sharp teeth had left a semi-circle of tiny needle-like punctures on his thumb . 
 the pain was fleeting , quickly forgotten as a bud of alien consciousness bloomed into eli 's mind , foreign to his own , opening inside of him , warm and confused , but curious . 
 alive . 
 it had no sense of identity , but it reach into eli and moored itself there -- a seed wedged in the cracks of his thoughts , already growing and expanding , struggling to make sense of its own existence . 
 eli gaped , not afraid , but stupidly uncomprehending . 
 he rubbed his hands on his face , as if he could wipe the otherness away . 
 on the blanket beside eli were the soggy remains of the egg , now brown and melting . 
 sitting beside them was a tiny meka , no bigger than a cat . 
 it had wings , thick and leathery , that were tangled about it like a cape . 
 huge blue eyes looked up at eli balefully , as if this were somehow his fault . 
 its skin was soft and damp , but vaguely reptilian and a vibrant reddish-orange ; brightening almost to gold along its spine with a rich crimson underbelly . 
 awed , eli reached out to carefully peel back the wings , revealing a stout little body , four legs ending in stubby toes with thick , black claws and a long spiked tail . 
 `` a dragon , '' eli breathed . 
 `` you look like a dragon . '' 
 the meka chirruped , trying to flap its wings and failing most dismally . 
 disgruntled , it lumbered across the floor , dragging its wings like dead-weight in the dirt . 
 he had a meka of his own . 
 a real , live one . 
 and it was escaping . 
 eli crawled after it , scooping it up and putting it on the blanket again . 
 it was n't going to get very far like that , dragging itself along like it was crippled . 
 `` stay , '' he told it before rolling to his feet and padding out of the shack . 
 after a few minutes of hunting , he found a length of nylon stocking and a knife . 
 returning to the meka , he cut a tube out of the stocking . 
 carefully , he folded the meka 's wings onto its back and held them in place with one hand while he pulled the stocking over its head and forelegs , securing its wings in place . 
 it looked ridiculous , but the meka seemed pleased . 
 it chirruped again , and waddled toward the door to explore . 
 eli could feel its pleasure . 
 her pleasure . 
 her emotions flowed into his mind like smoke . 
 for a moment , all he could do was sit and blink and let her thoughts wash over him . 
 her sense of smell and sight was better than his , but her hearing a little dull . 
 she had virtually no sense of temperature at all , but he was aware of the gritty texture of the floor under her feet and the soft rub of the stocking against her skin . 
 and he was aware of himself , through her senses . 
 he was huge in her eyes ; a towering monster who stunk of dust and sweat and the lingering odors of the blueline , rim and undercity . 
 he could see the grains of sand clinging to his rusty-blonde hair . 
 he could see his own grey-blue eyes looking back into hers . 
 it was disorientating , but it was beautiful , euphoric even . 
 the meka tossed her head , waddling out into the common area . 
 he trailed after her on his hands and knees . 
 she inspected the remains of the cooking fire , nosing under stones and sneezing as she inhaled soot . 
 he grinned . 
 `` wow ! '' 
 apple appeared between the shacks . 
 `` is that what i think it is ? '' 
 `` a meka , '' eli said proudly . 
 `` i told you i 'd get one . '' 
 `` what 's his name ? '' 
 `` it 's a girl . 
 i have n't named her yet . '' 
 `` cor-blimey , '' apple crouched beside eli to watch her . 
 `` that 's really something . 
 think i could get one ? '' 
 `` probably . '' 
 eli glanced at the city and was surprised to see the sun already sinking behind the topside spires . 
 he had slept most of the day . 
 `` damn , i have to go , '' he said . 
 `` i have to take her into the blueline . 
 the deal was she has to fight tonight , but if she wins , i get five hundred dollars . '' 
 apple 's mouth fell open . 
 `` that 's more than we make in a month , eli ! 
 what are you going to do with it all ? '' 
 `` dunno . '' 
 he rose to his feet and hoisted the meka up onto his shoulder . 
 `` see you when i see you , okay ? 
 i do n't think i should keep this kalex guy waiting . '' 
 `` yeah , hey , ask him if i can have a meka too , okay ? '' 
 eli grinned . 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 it 's a done deal . '' 
 chapter four fight ! 
 kalex was waiting for eli at the skypath station , still unshaven and unclean , his shaggy brown hair greasy in the light . 
 he was talking to two teenagers and eli overheard them making plans to meet there later on , so they could get meka too . 
 kalex waved them away as eli approached . 
 `` le 's see , '' he said to eli . 
 eli pulled open his backpack to reveal the meka , still wearing the stocking and sound asleep , curled into a tight orange ball at the bottom of the bag . 
 kalex was silent for a moment , then nodded . 
 `` potential . 
 plenty’a potential . 
 those claws ? 
 if it grows , it 'll be a fighter . '' 
 he gave an awkward grin . 
 `` when , i mean when . '' 
 eli pulled the bag closed again , holding it close . 
 `` you named it ? '' 
 kalex asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` we 'll need a name for the fight tonight . 
 think of one while we 're on the skypath . '' 
 eli nodded , following kalex into the carriage . 
 despite the hour , the carriage was n't too crowded to find seats , and eli sat across from kalex , cradling the bag on his lap . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` place is called phunket 's arena , '' kalex said . 
 `` you heard of it ? '' 
 eli shook his head . 
 `` well , it ai n't classy . 
 but the punters are drunk off their rocks , so you do n't need to put on much of a show to please ` em . 
 o’course , they do private functions too . 
 but you were n't expecting nightshop . '' 
 `` what 's nightshop ? '' 
 `` what 's nightshop ! '' 
 kalex looked incredulous . 
 `` ai n't you know nothing ? 
 nightshop is the arena . 
 capital ` t ' ` h ' and ` e ' . 
 the biggest fights in the city , the biggest fights in history happen at nightshop . 
 the meka who fight there are legendary . '' 
 `` i 've never seen anything about it on the news vids . '' 
 `` course not . 
 nightshop is n't legal , is it ? 
 secrecy is their key . 
 nightshop moves around the undercity , never in the same place twice . '' 
 `` have you seen it ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 no . 
 maybe one day . '' 
 they rode in silence after that . 
 eli imagined his meka , fully grown and fighting epic battles in the nightshop arena . 
 it all felt so close , so real . 
 he just had to make it through this fight and they would be on their way . 
 they got off in a dismal part of the blueline where even the neon lights felt drab and the shadows pressed in too close . 
 eli could see people huddled in corners . 
 like refuse swept off the footpath , they gathered anywhere they were n't in the way . 
 eli could see these were n't just the abused cast-offs of drugs or alcohol , they were empty vessels . 
 some cried softly , some stared into space , some picked at scabs on their arms or faces , drawing dirty smears of blood . 
 the hairs on eli 's arms prickled . 
 were these the meka-less handlers squall had told him about ? 
 many of them were young , like him . 
 had they once been dreaming of glory , walking along this street with their meka on their back too ? 
 squall had to be wrong . 
 she did n't know what it was really like . 
 her meka was sleek and well fed . 
 even though she was in a wheelchair , she was rosy-cheeked and happy . 
 she 'd never scavenged through rubbish to survive . 
 it had been easy for her to tell him to stay away from kalex and his deal . 
 but if she was in his position , she 'd do the same thing . 
 he clenched his teeth and soldiered on in kalex 's wake , determined to see this through . 
 his meka would win . 
 then he 'd find squall and tell her she was wrong . 
 he almost tripped over a girl -- not much older than he was , but bone thin and with huge red rings around her eyes , puffy , like bruises . 
 `` d-d-d-d-don ' t g-g-go , '' she implored him . 
 she grabbed at his boots , but her eyes were unfocused , staring off between his knees at nothing . 
 `` they 'll take h-h-h-him aw-w-way from you . '' 
 `` get outta here ! '' 
 kalex snarled . 
 he kicked her in the thigh and she curled into a ball , shuddering like a strung-out addict . 
 `` do n't hit her ! '' 
 eli protested . 
 `` junkies , '' kalex spat . 
 `` parasites , is what they are . '' 
 the girl lashed out , grabbing kalex 's leg through a hole in his jeans . 
 she scratched him like a cat and her fingers came away with clots of skin and blood under the nails . 
 kalex howled and lunged at her , fist raised , but she scrambled away on her hands and knees , wriggling into a dark , slime encrusted drainpipe and vanishing from sight . 
 kalex grabbed eli 's upper arm , dragging him along with a grimly furious expression and a slight limp . 
 a few minutes later they came to an inconspicuous doorway , almost invisible under the graffiti and grime . 
 kalex pushed it open to reveal a dark stairway leading upward . 
 the passage was almost entirely blocked by a heavily tattooed man , easily as wide as the door and a few inches taller . 
 `` kalex , '' the bouncer said with clear contempt . 
 kalex flashed him a weasely smirk . 
 `` you 're in my way , giles . '' 
 giles stepped aside to allow kalex and eli to pass , but said : `` one day you 're going to be in mine , little man , and then i 'll wipe that smirk off your face permanently . '' 
 kalex ignored him , motioning for eli to hurry . 
 the stairs were so dark and cramped ; eli was disorientated when they stepped out into vastness and light . 
 the arena was like a huge bowl , with tiers of benches overlooking a pit lined with sand . 
 eli could see large hatches to let the meka into the arena and a balcony , part way down the pit wall , divided into two sections . 
 that was where the handlers would stand , directing their meka from above . 
 usually they 'd be yelling over the top of one another , difficult for the audience to understand , but the meka only listened to their own handler . 
 there were also viewing boxes with mirrored glass above the benches . 
 those would be for the special clients , people who wanted to pay a little more to stay away from the riff-raff . 
 probably people from the topside , slumming it . 
 there was already an audience in the bleachers , mostly men with shabby clothes and desperate , unkempt looks . 
 they clustered around bookies , placing their bets and calling orders or insults to the scabby , busty serving girls . 
 eli could smell urine and cigarettes , spilt drinks and spoilt food , but under that there was another , foreign smell he could n't quite place . 
 it was just a little like blood . 
 `` this way , '' kalex said , leading eli past the crowd to another staircase , this one leading down to the arena . 
 `` ya named it yet ? '' 
 `` phyre , '' eli said . 
 `` i 'll call her phyre . '' 
 `` phyre , okay . '' 
 kalex opened a metal door revealing a cage under the handler 's balcony . 
 `` put her in there and we 'll get started . '' 
 eli hesitated , it was all happening faster than he expected . 
 carefully he slipped phyre out of the backpack and placed her on the sand , adjusting the stocking so her wings would n't get in her way . 
 she gave a huge yawn , revealing white-bud teeth , not even emerged from the gum yet . 
 eli 's gut twisted with nausea , but phyre was unafraid . 
 shaking off the last vestiges of sleep , she began to explore the new space with interest , pinging him her perspective of the sand , the smells and the sounds of the arena . 
 kalex pulled eli out and closed the door , but eli could still feel phyre 's mind . 
 she could smell much more than he could , and he could feel her nudging her way through his memories , giving names to scents she could n't hope to understand yet . 
 having a closed door between them did nothing to weaken their connection . 
 kalex tugged eli back up the stairs and gave him a little shove onto the handler 's balcony . 
 eli tripped against the railing , then gripped it , white knuckled , and looked down at the circle of sand below . 
 from here , he could see the arena was stained with blue splashes . 
 the speakers crackled and kalex 's bored voice announced : `` phyre versus gremlin , phyre versus gremlin . 
 beginning in three , two ... '' the cage gates opened and phyre pinged her curiosity about this new space . 
 she liked exploring . 
 she liked new things . 
 she knew he was overhead , watching out for her . 
 through her eyes , and his own , he saw her waddle out onto the sand . 
 the mutters from the crowd swelled in anticipation . 
 it did n't bother phyre , but eli could taste bile . 
 he swallowed . 
 then swallowed again . 
 gremlin scuttled into view . 
 he came lurching out of the far gate on eight spindly legs , taller than eli , and startlingly fast . 
 the arachnid-like meka was brown and hairy , with fangs , teeth , spikes and claws jutting from its face in a visage of illogical horror . 
 phyre appraised the unfamiliar meka with interest , but eli felt his heart sink . 
 phyre was going to lose . 
 she was just the right size to go down gremlin 's bristling maw in one swallow . 
 the only way she could defeat him was if he choked on her . 
 wet globs of green drool were dribbling from gremlin 's spiny mouth as he stalked closer , the scent sharply acidic to phyre 's senses . 
 before eli could even cry out , the spider-meka lunged , racing forward and barreling over phyre . 
 razor fangs sliced through her hide and the remains of the stocking fell away . 
 she tumbled , tangled in her wings and bleated in pain . 
 pain eli could feel , inside him , like the buffeting was happening to his own body . 
 he gave a startled cry , shock drawing the breath out of him . 
 far worse than the physical pain was phyre 's confusion . 
 she turned blue eyes up to eli , questioning . 
 she did n't have a voice , but he could hear her thoughts all the same . 
 why was she hurting ? 
 why was n't he here to lift her up and make it stop ? 
 she did n't understand -- she had no concept of malice . 
 she trusted him to protect her . 
 his heart lurched against his ribs . 
 he understood squall now . 
 he understood why those people in the streets faded away and let themselves die . 
 phyre was in his heart , in his mind , in his soul . 
 from this moment on , for every single moment of his life , he would be forced to live with the knowledge he had brought her here . 
 that he had let her die , confused and in pain , waiting for him to take her somewhere safe and warm . 
 he was about to lose the only perfect , pure thing he 'd ever known . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he yelled , `` kalex ! 
 call it off ! '' 
 gremlin made another lunge and phyre squealed , thrashing weakly on her side now , drenched in her own blue blood . 
 doubled over , winded by the pain , eli searched the stadium frantically for kalex , and with dawning horror he realized the eyes of the crowd were on him . 
 they were hungry and laughing , jeering at him as tears streaked his cheeks and phyre died in the sand below . 
 he was the sport . 
 they were here to watch him . 
 pain and horror melted into fury and with a snarl of rage ; eli hoisted himself over the rail , dropping the ten feet to the arena floor . 
 he hit hard , rolled and scrambled to his feet . 
 the spectators were going wild . 
 he could hear them calling out odds : betting on his chances against a trained fighting meka . 
 gremlin was charging again . 
 the gleam in his eyes was wild , this time he was going for the killing blow . 
 eli lunged , throwing his weight across gremlin 's back with all the ferocity he could muster . 
 there was a snapping , popping , squelching sound and eli hit sand again . 
 he rolled in time to see gremlin staggering , half his spindly legs snapped , blue blood spurting from his cracked carapace . 
 the odd odor eli had noticed when he had first walked in was overwhelming now : it was meka blood . 
 the whole arena was stained with meka blood . 
 gremlin screamed , a high , whining sound , like a tea kettle . 
 eli caught a glimpse of gremlin 's handler , a tall man in a battered trench coat , face twisted in a snarl of rage . 
 he made a sharp motion and gremlin pulled himself upright . 
 eli hoisted himself to his feet too , scrambling over the blood soaked sand to phyre . 
 she was weak , he could feel her mind slipping away . 
 `` i 'm here , '' he said , gathering her in his arms . 
 `` we 're going . '' 
 something blocked out the light . 
 he looked up into a ring of jagged teeth . 
 eli twisted , desperately lunging to escape . 
 pain lanced through his back as gremlin bit down , hundreds of teeth tearing and grinding , ripping into flesh and laying him open . 
 the smell of his own blood flooded his mouth and nose . 
 the shock of the pain drove the breath from him and when he tried to scream all that came out was a stunned ` huh ' . 
 he pitched forward , catching his weight with one hand , phyre clutched to his chest with the other . 
 something hard and hairy was under his palm : one of gremlin 's shattered legs . 
 the hard carapace was as solid as wood . 
 eli lowered phyre to the sand , then twisted , spearing the leg into gremlin 's mouth , just as he launched himself at eli again . 
 squealing , gremlin reeled back , spraying blood in a blue arc across the arena . 
 he thrashed back and forth , skittering against the wall in a helter skelter dance of hysteria . 
 then , with a great shudder , he collapsed on the sand . 
 eli scooped up phyre once more . 
 he ignored the yells of the crowd ; their fury over lost money , or their joy at their gains . 
 eli 's back throbbed with a blinding white pain and he could feel the heat of his own blood soaking his clothes , and running down his thighs . 
 he made his way out through the cage , pushing open the door and feeling his way up the stairs . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 kalex was blocking the exit . 
 `` get out of my way , '' eli said . 
 `` the fight is over , i won . '' 
 `` you did n't win nothin ' , freak ! '' 
 kalex yelled . 
 `` do you know how much money you cost me ? 
 that meka is mine . 
 it 's going back in that arena and dying like it 's supposed to ! '' 
 kalex lunged at eli , but before eli could even raise his arm to defend himself , kalex was yanked backwards and thrown through the air ... chapter five giles saves the day `` come on , kid , '' giles said , looming over eli all tattoos and muscles . 
 eli bared his teeth in indecision , unsure if he was about to leap out of the frying pan into the fire . 
 `` it 's okay , '' giles said . 
 `` i ai n't in the business of killing people . '' 
 he lumbered toward the exit and eli limped after him , pain slowing him to a pitiful jog . 
 he followed giles down the stairs and out onto the street , away from the chaos of the punter crowd , who were cheering , yelling and throwing empty bottles in their wake as they fled . 
 the larger man was surprisingly quick , and led the way through turning , twisting streets and down inconspicuous alleys , almost too fast for eli to keep up . 
 in eli 's arms , phyre was limp . 
 `` my meka , '' eli called to giles . 
 `` please , i think we have to stop . '' 
 giles just moved faster , motioning for eli to hurry . 
 it was n't easy . 
 eli was getting light-headed and every tiny movement sent pain lancing in every direction . 
 suddenly , giles turned into a doorway , pulling it open and letting eli through , then closing it only after he was sure they were n't being followed . 
 eli found himself in a typical blueline house : two stories , with a low ceiling and thin rooms that were little more than corridors with furniture . 
 eli had only been in a proper house once or twice before . 
 to him this was the height of luxury -- being indoors , having plumbing , electricity and clean furniture . 
 they were things he could only imagine growing up on the rim . 
 on the other hand , he was used to having the endless wall on one side and the endless sky on the other , so he could n't help feeling a little claustrophobic . 
 there was an old woman sitting in a threadbare green chair , her eyes white with cataracts . 
 beside her was a meka with a feline head and monkey-like body , with four arms and two squat legs . 
 both the old woman and the meka were knitting . 
 the old woman did n't look up , but the meka studied eli with wide , interested eyes . 
 `` hello there , boy , '' the woman said . 
 `` that your meka is it ? 
 she 's in a bad way . 
 best bring her over here . 
 put the kettle on , giles . '' 
 it took eli a moment to realize the meka was acting as the old woman 's eyes . 
 he stumbled over and knelt on the floor before her . 
 she put her knitting aside and held out her hands . 
 eli tentatively placed phyre in her arms . 
 she ran her fingertips lightly over phyre 's wounds . 
 the meka whimpered and shifted , feeling pain even in unconsciousness . 
 sick with guilt , eli let the tears began to run down his cheeks once more . 
 `` there , there , '' the old woman said . 
 `` meka are made of stronger stuff than you or i . 
 they 're not quite flesh and blood . 
 the same rules do n't apply to them . '' 
 giles brought over a shallow bowl of steaming water and a clay jar . 
 with phyre on her lap , the old woman poured a sand-like substance from the jar to the bowl . 
 it dissolved quickly , forming a jelly . 
 `` put that on her wounds , '' the old woman said . 
 eli hesitantly stuck his fingers into the paste . 
 it was still hot , but not so hot it scalded him . 
 he scooped out a blob , smearing a thick layer over phyre 's injuries . 
 she was so small and the abrasions were so long , her whole body was a mess of jelly by the time he finished . 
 `` put her in that basket by the heater , '' the old woman said . 
 `` she 'll recover now . 
 i ca n't promise the same for you . '' 
 eli scooped phyre up and laid her carefully in the basket . 
 his last thought was to wonder how people could be so callous when you were bleeding to death in their living room . 
 then the floor was rising up to meet him . 
 eli was vaguely aware of the passing of time in the same way he was vaguely aware of phyre 's mind connected with his own . 
 snapshots of consciousness came to him in his waking moments , but the old woman -- aunt cleo , she insisted he call her -- fed him a tea that stole his memory and eased him back into sleep . 
 he was also aware that his wounds had been stitched with a needle and catgut , and he 'd been moved onto a pallet on the floor , beside the fireplace . 
 he thought , absently , this was the nicest bed he 'd ever slept in : in a real house , by a real gas fireplace where it was warm and there were only the muted sounds of blueline traffic from outside to disturb him . 
 so alien to the filth and chaos of the rim . 
 aunt cleo and moppet , her meka , still sat and knitted , the clacking of their needles a constant , droning reminder he was n't alone . 
 when he finally woke , he was aware of three things : it was his third day in giles ' home , he was desperately hungry and he urgently needed to use the bathroom . 
 he sat , rubbing his hand through his hair and finding it crusted with dry blood . 
 moppet studied him . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 the old woman asked . 
 `` sore . 
 umm , where is the ... ? '' 
 `` just down that hall . 
 you might want to have a shower while you 're in there . 
 i 'll fix you something to eat . '' 
 he nodded , pulling himself painfully to his feet . 
 in her basket by the fire , phyre woke and scrambled after him as he made his way down the cramped hallway , hand on the wall to steady himself . 
 phyre , he noticed , was almost completely healed . 
 the gel he had smeared on her wounds had hardened to a shell , and now it was beginning to crumble away , revealing tender , fresh tissue beneath . 
 he scooped her up as he walked , then placed her in the sink , out of the way . 
 the bathroom was barely large enough for eli to move around in . 
 it must have been near impossible for giles to wash in such a small space . 
 on the rim , people hardly ever bathed ; and when they did it was in a bucket of soapy water with a sponge . 
 a few times eli had used the public showers in the blueline , but it was virtually impossible to go there without having your clothes stolen . 
 after using the toilet , he stripped down , twisting about to see the wound on his back in the mirror . 
 it was like an uneven seven pointed star , all crooked and laced with black stitching . 
 it looked horrible , but there did n't seem to be any infection . 
 he supposed he was lucky to be alive . 
 he turned on the shower and slipped in , luxuriating in the feel of hot water on his filthy skin , even as it burned the tender places on his back . 
 he had to scrub hard to remove the dried blood and great globs of shampoo were required to get it out of his hair . 
 phyre , delighted by the bubbles , scrambled out of the sink and plopped down onto the floor before scampering under the shower curtain to play around eli 's feet . 
 the water softened the gel-shell and she scratched the last of it away with her blunt little claws . 
 `` i do n't think you should be doing that , '' he chided softly . 
 : : itchy . 
 : : the word formed in his mind , with the echoes of the sensation itself . 
 eli started so badly he almost slipped over . 
 `` wha ... ? '' 
 `` eli , '' aunt cleo called from behind the closed door . 
 `` do n't put those filthy clothes back on . 
 i 'm leaving some of giles ' so you 'll have a chance to wash yours . '' 
 `` t-thank you , '' he called . 
 he heard the old woman shuffle away , but his attention was still on phyre . 
 `` did you just talk ? '' 
 she blinked up at him lazily , then projected a sense of her own amusement that there were so many bubbles . 
 this time there were no words , only feelings and images . 
 eli sighed , had he imagined it ? 
 he got out of the shower and dried himself , leaving phyre to play in the puddles while he opened the door a crack and snatched up the clean clothes . 
 they were far too big , of course , but they would do for a few hours . 
 he dried phyre with his towel and carried her back out into the living room . 
 `` aunt cleo ? '' 
 she placed a plate of sandwiches on the table and he sat down before them . 
 `` yes , eli ? '' 
 `` can meka talk ? '' 
 `` yes , eli . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i mean , i never ... i did n't know that . 
 but in the bathroom she ... '' the old woman sat across from him and moppet jumped up onto the table to watch him . 
 `` phyre is just a baby . 
 i doubt you were born with the ability to speak either , '' aunt cleo said . 
 `` no , i mean , i guess not . '' 
 `` no one will ever hear your meka but you , eli . 
 in a few years , when you 're a bit more experienced , you 'll be able to communicate back with ideas and images , even words , if you are very skilled . 
 not all handlers master it . 
 most rely on their meka sensing their thoughts . '' 
 the door opened and giles slipped into the apartment . 
 he looked tired and frustrated , but forced a smile when he saw eli was awake . 
 `` so you did pull through , '' he said . 
 he took one of eli 's sandwiches and went into the kitchen to boil the jug . 
 `` i want to thank you both for helping me , '' eli said . 
 `` you saved mine and phyre 's life , i 'm sure of it . '' 
 `` i am too , '' giles said darkly . 
 `` and that 's why i got you out of that damn arena . 
 i knew i 'd be the one they 'd want disposing of the body . 
 i 've seen a lot of crimes committed at that place , and i 've done a lot of things i 'm not proud of , but i 'm not going to be an accessory to murder . 
 who would look after aunt cleo if i was in jail , huh ? 
 it was time to quit anyway . 
 i 'll find better work . '' 
 `` if there is any way i can help ... '' eli said . 
 giles sighed . 
 `` you 're on your feet , so once you 've eaten and you 've got your clothes clean , you can go . '' 
 eli nodded . 
 he suspected with giles out of work , they could n't really afford to keep him as long as they had . 
 he already owed them a lot . 
 `` that gel you put on phyre 's wounds , '' eli said to aunt cleo , `` will i be able to buy that somewhere ? 
 i may need it again . '' 
 `` you can buy it at meka accessory stores . 
 but they 're mostly in the topside . 
 it 's worth going up there to get it , rather than buying from dealers down here . 
 they 'll put jelly crystals in it to bulk it and it wo n't work very well . 
 but then if a boy like you was going to make sensible decisions he would n't have ended up here in the first place , '' she said . 
 eli bit back a retort . 
 the scolding bridled his pride , but it would be ungrateful to say anything . 
 it was different , he thought , for these people in their apartments with their families . 
 eli had no parents ; he 'd looked after himself all his life . 
 no one had any right to scold him or tell him what to do . 
 `` kalex said something about nightshop , '' eli said . 
 `` have you ever heard of it ? '' 
 giles grunted . 
 `` well it is n't a myth and it is n't any connection to that place i dragged you out from . '' 
 `` well , what is it then ? '' 
 eli pressed . 
 `` nightshop is n't one thing , '' aunt cleo said . 
 `` it 's a collective of things . 
 the only thing anyone can agree on is that the meka and handlers who fight in it are elite . 
 as for the rest , well , some people will tell you they are heroes and some people will tell you they are killers . 
 maybe some are one , and the rest are the other . 
 the most important thing for you to know is it is not something you want to be involved in . 
 if you catch wind of nightshop , you run . '' 
 `` so you do n't think they might be heroes , '' eli said skeptically . 
 `` you think they are killers ? '' 
 `` if something is big enough and powerful enough , it is dangerous . 
 even if it means well . 
 nightshop is not something to be curious about . '' 
 eli nodded , doing his best to look like he agreed and was taking her advice seriously , but he knew if he ever had the chance , he would do everything he could to learn more . 
 he did his best to repay his debt by doing housework until his clothes were clean and dry . 
 the effort had left him hurting and tired , but he scooped phyre up on to his shoulder and said his goodbyes anyway . 
 it was time to leave . 
 with his back aching , it was n't long before eli felt dizzy and nauseous , but he pressed on . 
 he was such a long way from the blueline neighborhoods he was familiar with , it took him almost two hours to find the skypath station , and he had to ask directions from several people before he could find his way back to familiar turf . 
 it took him all day , but finally he found himself back in the market where the red hollows had their stall . 
 he bypassed it completely , continuing out of the city and down into the shanties . 
 all he wanted was his own pallet in the shed he shared with apple . 
 he 'd been gone for nearly a week now . 
 he did n't think he 'd ever feel sentiment for somewhere like the rim , but right now he hoped he never had to leave it again . 
 it was late when he arrived at the red hollow shanties , and most of the troupe was there . 
 pink and pickle were sorting through salvage while yate helped old nicholas find cups of noodles buried in their piles of supplies and dina and apple were playing knuckles . 
 fraggle must have been watching the stall . 
 apple jumped up when he saw eli . 
 `` you 're back ! 
 we thought you were dead somewhere ! '' 
 `` i almost was , '' eli admitted wryly . 
 `` where 's your meka ? '' 
 pink asked . 
 eli tipped her out of the backpack onto the dirt . 
 she landed in a tangle of legs and tail and it took her a few moments to right herself . 
 she gave eli a sour look , but he was too tired to care . 
 `` it ai n't real big , '' dina said skeptically . 
 `` she 'll grow , '' eli said . 
 `` i think it 's awesome ! '' 
 apple said . 
 `` it won , huh ? 
 you won all the prize money , right ? '' 
 eli sighed and closed his eyes . 
 `` it did n't quite go down like that . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 pickle asked . 
 `` the other meka was really big . 
 taller than me . 
 phyre was n't going to win . 
 i jumped into the arena to grab her and the big meka bit me . '' 
 he pulled up the back of his shirt to show them the crooked black stitching . 
 the group became deathly quiet . 
 `` those look bad , eli , '' dina said . 
 `` yeah , '' pink eyed him . 
 `` can you scavenge like that ? '' 
 eli felt a rising unease . 
 `` in a few days , yeah . '' 
 `` we do n't have any money , eli , '' dina said . 
 `` we ca n't afford to keep you and a meka if you 're laid up . '' 
 `` it 's only for a few days . 
 i 'll make it up , i swear , '' eli said defensively . 
 `` besides , i have money saved . 
 i can pay my way . '' 
 apple looked away . 
 `` we took it already . 
 there was an accident at the stall , we did n't have anything else . '' 
 eli bared his teeth in frustration . 
 `` you took my money !? 
 you owe me then . 
 you owe me a lot ! '' 
 pink stood . 
 `` sorry eli . '' 
 she did n't sound sorry . 
 she sounded like she was about to beat him bloody with a stick . 
 `` i grew up here ! '' 
 eli protested , but the excuse was feeble and as he looked between them , he saw no compassion . 
 they were hungry and tired , none of them were willing to get hungrier for him . 
 not even apple . 
 they were n't going to give him a choice . 
 he was n't welcome anymore . 
 he gathered phyre back into the bag and walked out of the red hollows ' camp . 
 he knew it was the last time . 
 chapter six desperation eli had always known how the troupes operated on the rim . 
 still , he was numb . 
 for as long as he could remember the red hollows had relied on each other . 
 was it really possible they could know him so long and still care so little about him ? 
 they were the only family he 'd ever had . 
 but that was what people were like on the rim . 
 they let their friends die , so they could go on living . 
 he wondered how many boys like him were buried out past the humpies , now just bones covered in trash ; abandoned and forgotten when they broke a wrist or leg or even just caught a bad flu . 
 he hiked through the rubbish mounds , phyre on his back . 
 his wound was burning with the effort and he was bone-tired all over . 
 he 'd kept his stitches clean at aunt cleo 's , but how was he going to do that out here ? 
 the wound would get infected in a few days . 
 he 'd die . 
 he could have brought antibiotics if the red hollows had n't taken his money . 
 he 'd hidden it so well . 
 apple must have seen him burying it late at night , when eli thought he was asleep . 
 if he ever saw apple again he was gon na - `` eli , wait ! '' 
 apple was bounding after him , scrambling over broken furniture and refuse . 
 eli ignored him and kept marching away , but apple caught up easily . 
 `` wait , hey , i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 eli rounded on him . 
 `` you take my stuff and it does n't matter . 
 is that it ? 
 you do n't even care where i go . '' 
 he looked wounded . 
 `` no , hey , it 's not like that . 
 i did n't want to tell them . 
 pink thumped me up pretty good . 
 i got it for her , but i did n't give her all of it . 
 look . '' 
 he held out a handful of crumpled bills . 
 eli snatched them off him and counted . 
 enough to go to the doctor once . 
 maybe . 
 not enough for food . 
 particularly when he had to feed phyre too . 
 `` i 'm sorry , eli . 
 i really did n't want to . 
 you 're like my brother ; we 've always been like brothers . '' 
 eli sighed and sank down on the rusty remains of a militia hover . 
 `` how did things get so bad in a week ? '' 
 `` you know we were running low on money . 
 the kids all scarpered . 
 i was the only scavenger , '' he paused . 
 `` then there was a riot in the market and the stall was trashed . 
 we lost everything . '' 
 `` but dina , yate and pickle are still working at the textile factory , are n't they ? '' 
 `` pink got sent to the lock up for getting into a fight with a militia officer during the riot . 
 we had to bail her out . 
 there was no money left and i was n't finding enough salvage to keep us afloat . 
 we needed you . 
 i thought you were dead , eli , i was real sad . '' 
 his lip was trembling . 
 eli sighed . 
 `` i nearly was . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` i guess i 'll hide somewhere out there , '' he made a vague gesture toward the edge of the rim . 
 `` i have to be somewhere people ca n't take phyre . 
 she 's all i have left . '' 
 `` i wan na help ya . 
 there is n't anything i can do , '' apple looked at the ground , pushing a can with the toe of his boot . 
 eli 's fingers clenched around the money in his hand . 
 `` you did help . '' 
 he glanced up . 
 `` we good then ? '' 
 `` we 're good . '' 
 apple nodded and turned to head back toward the humpies . 
 `` take care , eli . '' 
 `` you too , apple . '' 
 no place was safe on the rim . 
 living in the shanties , with a troupe , was better than being alone . 
 the troupes helped each other , but that did n't mean there were n't bad people around . 
 people who had found their way to the rim because there was an endless supply of abandoned children to prey on . 
 eli did n't know how many serial murderers were living on the rim , but he did know thousands of people went missing every year . 
 sometimes they showed up months later and sometimes ... they did n't . 
 there were also rats , snakes and spiders on the rim , living in the trash . 
 eli was good at avoiding them . 
 at least the spiders and snakes did n't come after people , but the rats could be vicious . 
 there were tales of babies being eaten in their cribs , and kids who were attacked and killed while scavenging . 
 eli had always thought those stories were just bluster . 
 if they were n't , however , the scent of his wounds would probably draw them in . 
 of course , once you left the humpies , the real danger was falling garbage . 
 eli remembered seeing the shattered remains of an old water tank a few months ago . 
 it was made of prefab-concrete and partially buried in trash on the desert edge of the rim . 
 it looked sturdy enough to withstand a heavy shower of garbage from above . 
 if he could find it , it might just stop him from being crushed . 
 that did n't mean he would n't be buried alive inside it , but the pilots of the drop ships did n't like flying too far out . 
 the closer they dropped to the city , the less time it took them to do their runs for the day . 
 it took eli longer than he thought to find the old tank . 
 the sun had already begun to set when he left the shanties and he was forced to walk the last few hours in darkness . 
 with the sky clear of drop ships , it was too still and silent , so much so he could hear the rats and snakes moving out of his path as he walked . 
 the light from the city did little more than cast huge shadows this far out , but finally he found the tank , illuminated bluish in the glow . 
 eli scavenged for a few minutes , finding a length of pipe and some old rags to wrap around the end . 
 placing phyre on the roof of the tank , he lit the makeshift torch with a lighter . 
 there was only one small fissure in the concresteel where the tank had split , but it was large enough for him to squeeze through . 
 he shoved the torch in first and scanned the inside for rats and snakes . 
 seeing none , he wriggled in . 
 he used the torch to burn out the cobwebs and set alight the few spiders lurking in the corners . 
 `` phyre , come , '' he called . 
 he heard the dry slither of her nails on the hard surface as she slid down the sloping side of the tank and waddled in to join him . 
 : : hungry , : : she protested . 
 `` you 're always hungry . '' 
 he lay down , wincing in pain . 
 he could have scavenged himself an old mattress easily , but he was too tired to drag it through the tiny gap . 
 there were stars dancing in his vision and he felt downright nauseous . 
 phyre waddled over , pressing her side to his chest and he draped one arm across her back , the other tucked under his head . 
 `` stay here , okay ? '' 
 he warned . 
 `` it 's not safe out there . '' 
 she yawned , sending him sullen impressions of her empty belly , but settling down to sleep anyway . 
 he studied the golden crest of her head in the dim light and smiled . 
 somehow she was worth all of this , he was sure of it . 
 when eli woke , phyre was gone . 
 midday sun was shining through the crack in the tank and a new cluster of spiders had taken up residence on the ceiling , hiding from the daylight . 
 ignoring them , eli scrambled across the floor and squeezed out the gap . 
 in the distance , he could hear the roar of the drop ships . 
 `` phyre ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` phyre ! ' 
 he felt a nudge on his mind : a cheery excitement that he was awake at last . 
 however he could n't tell what direction it had come from , and he scrambled onto the top of the tank to look for her . 
 at first , he could just see trash , the city wall dominating one horizon , the empty red of the desert stretching endlessly in the other . 
 then phyre was bounding over piles of rubbish , her stubby claws finding easy purchase on the uneven ground . 
 her face was smeared red with blood and her claws were brown where the wetness had picked up dirt and filth . 
 eli dropped down and ran to scoop her up , queasy with horror . 
 it took him a moment to remember meka blood was blue . 
 `` where were you ? 
 you scared me ! '' 
 he chided , heart still pounding . 
 she sent a rush of quick images , sounds and smells that passed through eli 's thoughts too quickly for him to make sense of them . 
 he was left with one overlying impression : hot furry bodies and a sense of achievement . 
 she 'd been hunting , and eating , rats . 
 `` that 's disgusting . 
 really . 
 at least you 're not hungry now . '' 
 he sat , letting her slide back to the ground . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'm going to eat , but if you 're happy with rats , you 're set for life . '' 
 phyre napped in the sun , digesting her meal , while eli sat beside her , chin on his palms . 
 the money he had was n't going to last long . 
 he needed to go to a doctor and he needed food , though he did n't think he would manage both . 
 he had to choose between keeping himself fed for a few weeks , or a clinic visit that would cost him all he had . 
 there was no right choice . 
 he needed food and medical care . 
 either way , it was going to be a long few days . 
 eli kept expecting a fever to set in , but it never did . 
 he slept a lot and phyre hunted ; eating rats , spiders , snakes and garbage . 
 meka were omnivorous and eli quickly realized that when squall had told him they would eat anything , she had not been exaggerating . 
 all that food was having an alarming effect on phyre . 
 she was growing ; and quickly . 
 when she hatched she 'd been no larger than a cat , now ten days later , she was twice that size . 
 she was becoming more agile too , and when eli took off her stocking to free her wings , they did n't drag on the ground anymore . 
 she could even flap them . 
 when he could scavenge , she followed him , jumping on and off trash piles , flushing out prey and racing after it . 
 he was lucky , on his first day of salvaging and found a bag of clothes . 
 they were old and musty , but one of the troupes would wash and sell them . 
 he headed back across the rim to the shanties and traded the clothes for eight packets of dry noodles . 
 then he put phyre in the backpack for safety , and headed into the city again . 
 the cheapest doctors in the blueline were always busy . 
 when he found a clinic he could afford , the waiting room was packed with people . 
 many of them were sitting on the floor or out on the street , because there were not enough chairs . 
 eli sat with his back to the wall for hours in the heat , listening to people coughing and babies crying , with phyre shifting restlessly in his arms . 
 the nurses did n't even ask to see his citizenship card , not in a place like this . 
 licensed doctors were n't supposed to treat people who did n't have citizenship , but in a small showing of mercy , the militia turned a blind eye . 
 however with so many patients , and with so few of them able to pay , the facilities were rudimentary at best . 
 real medicine cost real money . 
 finally , the doctor called his name and eli slipped into her office . 
 `` what 's wrong with you today ? '' 
 she asked , clearly in a hurry to get him in and out . 
 she looked tired and there was already a stack of coffee cups on the desk , reeking of the cold , stale dregs . 
 putting phyre aside , eli pulled up his shirt to reveal the wound on his back . 
 the doctor gave a sharp intake of breath . 
 `` how 'd you get that , then ? '' 
 `` a meka did it . 
 in the phunket arena , '' eli confessed , pulling down his shirt again . 
 `` meka can have very dirty mouths , '' she said , concerned . 
 `` i think the wound was cleaned out with disinfectant . '' 
 `` it does n't look infected , but if you 're living on the rim , and i assume you are , then you 're going to be exposed to a lot of germs . 
 now , the stitching is a bit of a mess , but i 'm going to leave it as it is , rather than opening it up again . 
 the best i can do for you is to clean it off and spray plastic skin over it to keep it clean . 
 then i can give you an antibiotic injection . 
 you 're going to have to come back every week until the stitches come out . '' 
 `` i ca n't afford it , '' eli confessed . 
 `` well , for your sake , i hope you come into some money , '' the doctor said . 
 `` that 's a serious wound , boy . 
 if it 's not cared for properly , you 're going to end up very sick . '' 
 eli nodded and sat in silence as she dabbed foul smelling bleach over his back , then sprayed on the plastic skin . 
 it was n't thick -- little more than a fine mist -- but when he reached back it felt like his skin was tightly wrapped in plastic . 
 `` do n't pick at it , '' the doctor warned . 
 `` do you want this shot in your arm or buttocks ? '' 
 `` arm . '' 
 `` just as well if you 're walking everywhere . 
 it 's going to be sore for a few days . '' 
 there was the sharp smell of the alcohol wipe , a jab , and that was it . 
 eli was thrust back into the waiting room and the next patient was called . 
 he paid at reception . 
 as he passed over the last of his money , he sighed . 
 the eight packets of noodles in his pockets were only going to last as many days and he would need more money to come back like the doctor wanted . 
 there was no other option . 
 he was going to have to take phyre back to a fighting arena . 
 chapter seven tag team style eli felt sick with fear just asking about a reputable arena . 
 he approached people who had meka , but surprisingly few knew of any . 
 it was the punters who were able to give him directions . 
 `` alias arena is just two skypath stations that way , '' one man said , making wild hand gestures that almost knocked a woman 's hat off . 
 `` it 's small . 
 i hear the pay is n't anything to write home about , but there are a lot of kiddies there , you know ? 
 kiddies , like you . '' 
 `` i 'm not a kid . 
 i 'm thirteen , '' eli said through gritted teeth . 
 `` yeah , ` xactly . 
 hey , your meka 's a bit small , innit ? '' 
 `` she 's growing , '' eli turned on his heel and headed for the skypath station . 
 it was n't the first recommendation for alias arena he 'd heard today . 
 the other punters said alias arena did n't charge the fighters , but paid the winner . 
 a rare opportunity eli could n't afford to pass up , even if the dividends were n't great . 
 sitting in the skypath carriage , his stomach was tight with fear . 
 phyre had grown . 
 she was more agile now and she 'd learnt to use her claws and teeth hunting rats , but she was still a baby . 
 she could n't win a fight against a full-grown meka . 
 she was going to get hurt again , and eli did n't have any of the healing gel aunt cleo had shown him . 
 this was a bad , horrible , terrible , deeply flawed idea . 
 he knew he should go back to the tip and scavenge instead . 
 maybe he 'd get lucky . 
 maybe he 'd find something valuable . 
 or maybe he would n't . 
 maybe he 'd just starve to death out there . 
 `` are you afraid ? '' 
 he whispered to phyre . 
 she gave a sleepy trill and burrowed deeper into the backpack . 
 her mind touched his . 
 she felt safe , as long as he was there . 
 he had rescued her before , and she believed he always would . 
 in her mind he was a towering presence , omnipotent and powerful . 
 eli did n't know how to tell her he was sore , tired and scared . 
 alias arena was easy to find . 
 the façade had a painting of two meka fighting on it , and beside the door a cluster of teenagers were hanging out , smoking and bragging , most with meka at their sides . 
 `` where do i sign up to fight ? '' 
 eli asked as he got close . 
 one of them jerked her thumb at the door . 
 eli nodded absently and slipped in past them . 
 he felt phyre 's unease . 
 the scent of so many other meka was unsettling . 
 it reminded her of gremlin . 
 inside , the building was long and the ceiling hung low . 
 the arena was n't sunken like it had been at phunket arena . 
 it just had a short barrier to stop the mixture of sand and sawdust from spreading on the floor . 
 the chairs were plastic and scattered around the room , very few of them occupied . 
 there was a woman at the desk against the far wall . 
 eli made his way toward her , weaving between punters and free ranging meka who were hunting under the chairs for abandoned hot-dogs . 
 fighting arenas , eli was starting to realize , did n't smell particularly good . 
 `` signing up ? 
 here you go , '' the woman at the desk handed eli a clipboard with a form on it . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 eli looked at it in quiet horror . 
 he could n't read . 
 there had never been anyone to teach him . 
 `` i ca n't read this . '' 
 `` oh , '' the woman gave him a patronizing look that grated his nerves . 
 `` one of those , huh ? 
 okay , what 's your name ? '' 
 `` eli . '' 
 `` eli what , honey ? '' 
 `` just eli . '' 
 she wrote something down . 
 `` date of birth ? '' 
 `` i 'm thirteen . '' 
 `` that only gives me a year , honey . '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` we 'll say january first then , shall we ? '' 
 he nodded and she looked exasperated . 
 `` i suppose there is n't any point asking for an address . 
 what 's your meka called ? '' 
 `` phyre . '' 
 `` citizenship card ? 
 no ? 
 you 're not making this easy , honey . 
 just take a seat and listen for your name over the p.a. '' gritting his teeth , eli found a chair well back from the crowd , where he could watch . 
 phyre popped her head out of the backpack to watch too , looking around with vague apprehension . 
 there were so many meka here : one that looked like a blue dog with dozens of tails , a huge white fluffy creature with a squashed face and horns , a long bright-purple reptile who whipped around at an alarming speed , a two-headed rat-like meka and a knotted serpent who spat goo at a man when he stepped on its tail . 
 eli did n't like phyre 's chances against any of them . 
 the only one close to her size was the two-headed rat , and it looked vicious . 
 `` alistar groaning handling sweep and tully sean handling gizmo , '' a nasally voice announced over the p.a. sweep turned out to be the two-headed rat-like meka and eli suspected his handler alistar had come down from the topside . 
 he was one of the oldest boys there , and his clothes were too expensive for the blueline . 
 tully was a girl , a few years younger than eli , and gizmo was the huge furry meka , who shambling forward like a walking rug , beady black eyes barely visible under the shaggy mop of her bangs . 
 eli did n't even know meka had a gender until phyre had been born . 
 they could n't reproduce , after all . 
 in truth , their gender was more like a state of mind , but one phyre was rather adamant about . 
 it was her perception of the meka that told him they were male or female . 
 phyre could clearly sense things about the other meka he could not . 
 alistair and tully took their places on opposing sides of the ring . 
 as hard as it was to imagine , they both looked happy to be there . 
 tully did n't seem at all concerned , even though alistair was at least five years older than her . 
 eli 's gut was already twisting into knots and phyre was n't even involved . 
 the meka took their positions , sweep leaping over the low barrier like an olympian and gizmo shuffling over , one huge beefy leg at a time . 
 `` and fight ! '' 
 the p.a announced and there was a tinny ` bong ' over the speakers . 
 phyre shifted restlessly , slithering onto eli 's shoulder , intent on the battle . 
 gizmo shuffled forward ; slow , but with no gap in her defenses eli could see . 
 sweep did not pause , racing across the arena , kicking up sawdust like he had been shot from a cannon . 
 gizmo swung her meaty fist as sweep passed , but the smaller meka dodged the attack with nimble grace . 
 he wheeled around and scrambled onto her back , using clumps of fur to clamber onto her head . 
 gizmo bellowed in surprise , flailing her hands , but he was too quick , skittering back and forth to avoid her slow grasping fingers . 
 when her arms dropped , he lunged at her eyes , his two sets of rat-like teeth sinking into the thick fur of her eyebrows . 
 panicking , gizmo tossed her head and there was an eruption of sand and dust . 
 tully cried : `` mercy ! '' 
 instantly , the smaller meka dropped to the ground , appearing out of the chaos and scurrying to alistair . 
 the assembled crowd began to cheer . 
 eli had n't realized he was on the edge of his seat until now . 
 his breath was caught in his throat , his hands white-knuckled as he gripped the plastic of a chair in front of him . 
 neither of the meka were hurt , but what if they had been ? 
 what if gizmo had crushed sweep , or sweep had blinded gizmo permanently ? 
 eli was starting to feel like the only one who recognized the horrible danger these meka were in . 
 `` eli handling phyre and chase hunter handling blink . '' 
 eli 's heart thumped against his ribs and he scanned the room . 
 a brightly dressed blueliner was moving to take his position , the electric purple lizard-like meka slithering along at his side . 
 slowly eli rose to his feet , carrying phyre down to the arena floor . 
 he could feel her apprehension in his mind . 
 she was afraid too . 
 `` we have to do this , '' he whispered . 
 `` otherwise i 'll starve or i 'll get sick . 
 we need the money . 
 just do your best , okay ? '' 
 he placed her on the sandy floor and eyed their competition . 
 blink was twitchy , looking eager to begin , but chase was so sickeningly relaxed that eli just wanted to storm over and punch him in the face . 
 phyre shifted her weight on the sand and sawdust , feeling it under her claws . 
 a flurry of images danced into eli 's thoughts . 
 memories of phyre stalking rats in the dump . 
 she was more experienced now than when she faced gremlin . 
 she was still apprehensive , but at least this time she had some idea what to do . 
 the p.a system crackled . 
 `` and fight ! '' 
 the voice announced again , followed by the same metallic ` bong ' as before . 
 phyre lurched forward , prepared to meet blink head on . 
 she flared her wings revealing the vivid red underside , making herself look bigger and fiercer . 
 blink hesitated , then launched himself toward her with lightning speed . 
 right before they connected however , blink veered sharply to the left . 
 phyre was already in mid lunge and found only empty space . 
 she stumbled , trying to catch her balance and find him again . 
 blink struck her in the face with a whip-crack of its tail . 
 the sound snapped and echoed off the arena walls , making eli flinch . 
 he took a step forward into the arena , ready to step in , but phyre was already spinning around with a cat-like snarl of anger . 
 she was n't hurt , eli realized . 
 he could feel the sting of blink 's slap through their mental connection , but there was no blue blood on the arena floor . 
 phyre lunged again , this time landing on blink 's tail . 
 her claws scrabbled over slick scales , but he whipped his tail away from her before she could get any purchase . 
 she stood her ground as he sprinted around the arena . 
 it did n't take long for him to come at her again . 
 for a moment , eli could see him through phyre 's eyes , so much larger from her perspective . 
 this time when he dodged around her , she was ready and she slammed her weight against him , sending him spinning in the sawdust . 
 before he could recover , she pounced , her weight pressing down on his shoulders and back . 
 she reared back her head to bite , and eli 's breath caught in his throat . 
 with a sharp snap , blink 's tail caught her across the eyes . 
 she reeled back , blinded , and blink twisted under her , razor teeth snapping at her exposed jugular . 
 `` no ! '' 
 eli lunged forward , scooping phyre up and looming over the purple meka . 
 blink stared up at eli wide eyed . 
 he was n't the only one . 
 all around the arena people were looking at him like he was crazy . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 chase called . 
 `` you ca n't do that ! '' 
 a voice on the p.a crackled to life : `` can eli please step out of the arena - '' eli did n't hear the rest of the announcement . 
 his heart was so beating hard it hurt . 
 they were going to take phyre away from him . 
 he clutched her to his chest , scanning the crowd for an opening , then he ran . 
 eli flew out onto the street , sneakers hitting the pavement hard with every stride , phyre tucked possessively in his arms . 
 `` hey ! 
 eli ! '' 
 the voice was familiar . 
 he slowed , pivoting to scan the crowded street , chest heaving . 
 it was her meka he spotted first . 
 the huge white and black creature was making his way through the foot-traffic , clearing a path for the wheelchair . 
 the colored edge around dirge 's black stripes was an electric blue today , but as eli watched a ripple passed down his body , changing it to sunny yellow . 
 `` what ' ya runnin ' from ? '' 
 squall called . 
 eli scowled . 
 what type of person yelled stuff like that in the street ? 
 he waited for her to catch up , ready to bolt again if he saw any signs of pursuit . 
 `` i was n't running from anything , '' he lied , trying not to pant . 
 `` you were , i saw you . 
 hey ! '' 
 her eyes lit up , `` you have your meka . 
 can i see her ? '' 
 eli hesitated , then seeing as there was still no one following him , he plopped phyre unceremoniously on squall 's lap . 
 she grinned , stroking phyre 's spine and gently lifting her wings . 
 phyre blinked up at her , then gave a little trill . 
 `` she 's so cute ! '' 
 `` her name is phyre . '' 
 squall met his gaze . 
 `` so i guess it was you i heard about . 
 the guy who fought the meka in phunket arena ? 
 you had that look about you when we met , like maybe you 'd do something dangerous . '' 
 eli 's eyebrow twitched . 
 `` is that supposed to be a compliment ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 it was pretty stupid though . 
 the people who run those places are n't very forgiving . 
 so why were you running out of alias arena ? '' 
 eli looked away . 
 `` i 'm afraid to let phyre fight again . 
 i do n't want anyone to take her away from me . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she studied him . 
 `` you can end a fight any time in a reputable arena . 
 you just call ` mercy ' . 
 there is n't any reason for the meka to get hurt . '' 
 `` yeah , but what if she does ? 
 by accident ? '' 
 `` i thought you wanted a fighting meka ? '' 
 annoyed , eli scooped phyre up again and started walking toward the skypath station . 
 squall rolled along beside him . 
 `` let 's pair up and fight tag-team style , '' she said suddenly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` we could start a team . '' 
 `` you need four handlers to make a meka team , '' eli said . 
 `` it 's teams of four , or solo matches . '' 
 `` on the professional circuit , '' squall said . 
 `` but in the amateur leagues there are lots of double 's team events . 
 if you want to get serious we can look for some other handlers and just compete in the double 's events until we have a full team . '' 
 `` why would you ask me that ? 
 you hardly know me . '' 
 `` because i like you . 
 because your meka is going to grow up to be a great fighter and i want to get in early . 
 because you need someone to help you , or you 're just going to make a mess of things . '' 
 `` i do n't need your help . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` you would focus on that part . 
 eli , you jumped into an arena with a fighting meka and defended phyre . 
 that 's the kind of handler i want on my side . '' 
 he stopped walking and looked down at her , uncertain . 
 he was still afraid to let phyre fight , but squall was right , if he was ever going to do this , he did need help . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` good . 
 meet me tomorrow morning at the aleratorium . '' 
 `` the aleratorium ? 
 but , they broadcast the fights there on the vids . '' 
 `` yeah , sometimes . 
 tomorrow they 're holding amateur competitions and no one wants to film that except enthusiastic parents . 
 it starts early , so try and be there at dawn . '' 
 `` umm , squall ? 
 the aleratorium is on the topside . 
 i do n't have a citizenship card . '' 
 she winked . 
 `` i know you 'll find a way . 
 see you there ! '' 
 she and dirge headed back the way they had come , leaving eli standing in the middle of the street with a grin slowly curling up his lips . 
 he was starting to suspect that squall was just a tad insane . 
 chapter eight more than just a fight eli had thought squall was exaggerating when she told him to arrive at dawn . 
 he set out from the rim before first light , but by the time he arrived at the aleratorium it had been daylight for an hour and the streets were packed with people . 
 sneaking from the blueline to the topside was n't easy . 
 particularly with a growing meka in tow . 
 phyre was starting to get heavy and he was still carrying her everywhere , despite his unhealed injuries . 
 without a citizenship card , the easiest way to get from the blueline to the topside was through cracks in the city foundations or abandoned pipes . 
 the building commission and the militia worked to patch these up as they were found , but eli knew who to ask and someone could always point him toward a new route . 
 getting caught on the topside without a citizenship card could land you in all kinds of trouble . 
 at the very least you 'd spend a night locked up while they ran all kinds of tests to check you had n't brought up some rare disease from the rim or undercity . 
 then they 'd throw you back through the nearest check point with some broken bones as a warning not to do it again . 
 if you got caught committing some other crime , like stealing or accessing network points , it was likely no one would ever hear from you again . 
 the militia could make people vanish . 
 no one asked questions when that happened , asking questions was another good way to vanish . 
 however , eli had no intention of doing anything but showing up and finding squall . 
 which had sounded straightforward until he arrived and saw the mass of people blocking the street . 
 he knew the aleratorium events were popular , and people came from all over the topside and blueline to compete , but he had n't realized there were going to be so many meka . 
 meka were n't common , but he supposed ` rare ' in a city of twenty million people was still a lot . 
 there were only a few hundred here , but to eli it looked like a flood : in every size , shape and color eli could imagine -- and a few he never would have imagined in a thousand years . 
 without layers of other buildings pressing down on top of it , the aleratorium was free to rise up into the sky , jostling for space with the skyscrapers around it . 
 eli had seen it on the vids , of course , but it was something else to be standing right in front of it . 
 it was like a huge sculpture , an eight story tall grey square with a huge , blue , shimmering sphere rising out of it . 
 inside he knew there was a museum and three main arenas , along with a series of smaller ones , but even the smallest one looked big on the vids . 
 the scale of it up close was monumental ; just looking at it gave eli vertigo . 
 `` how are we going to find them in this ? '' 
 he asked phyre . 
 he made his way down the sidewalk and into the crush . 
 phyre pulled herself part way out of the backpack to drape her claws across his shoulders , looking at the other meka with interest . 
 she bombarded him with mental images of sight and smell , too excited to contain herself . 
 `` stop it . 
 i ca n't think when you 're doing that . '' 
 weaving through the crowd , he made his way toward the open doors of the aleratorium and into a huge foyer . 
 fiberglass models of famous meka hung from the vaulted ceilings . 
 at ground level there were even more models on raised platforms , with plaques listing their accomplishments . 
 the walls were festooned with screens displaying commercials for the event and epic moments in meka fighting history . 
 speakers blared a steady stream of advertisements , upbeat jingles with short catch phrases for brands and products : `` d-caps : vitamin d for those who flow in the glow . '' 
 `` pastry pete 's premium pies . 
 now with added vitamin d and three percent real beef , guaranteed ! '' 
 `` soya-ice , made with real soya products . 
 so creamy and sweet , just like real dairy ! '' 
 `` live in the moment . 
 see the world through real yifi . '' 
 and , everywhere , people . 
 the other handlers came from all walks of life . 
 some were children and others were in their fifties , striding around with venerable-looking meka at their sides . 
 it was easy to tell the blueliners from the topsiders . 
 the topside teenagers were decked out with the latest fashion and accessories : musi-pods , screensheets , gaus , hand held jabbers , even the latest in body modifications . 
 anyone with enough money could change their skin tone , or get wyld implants . 
 the topsiders sported cat ears , fox tails , green skin and even sparkling pink skin with blue tiger stripes . 
 sometimes it was hard to tell which was the handler and which was the meka . 
 `` eli ! '' 
 somehow squall 's voice rose over the burbling roar of the crowd and eli turned to find her making her way toward him . 
 it was an arduous task in her chair , though growing up in the blueline seemed to have made her quite apt at maneuvering crowded places . 
 `` hey , '' he said surprised . 
 `` how did you find me ? '' 
 `` dirge sniffed you out . '' 
 `` he can smell that well ? '' 
 `` phyre probably can too . 
 here - '' she held up an arena pass on a string . 
 `` thanks . 
 how did you sign me up without a citizenship card ? '' 
 he placed it around his neck , where phyre toyed with it . 
 `` easy , i acted flustered and pretended i was going to cry . '' 
 `` that works ? '' 
 `` it does when you 're a cripple . '' 
 `` er , you said it , not me . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` come on , let 's go find somewhere wheelchair friendly to watch the competitions . '' 
 ` wheelchair friendly ' turned out to be a platform right alongside the front row . 
 there were n't any chairs , and eli leaned his forearms on the railing to look out over the arena . 
 it did n't look like any fighting arena eli had seen . 
 in fact , there did n't seem to be any fighting going on at all . 
 `` this is n't what i was expecting , '' he told squall . 
 `` what is all this ? '' 
 markers along the wall indicated the oval field was one hundred and twenty meters long and he guessed it was half as wide as that . 
 the space had been sectioned into four smaller arenas . 
 one was divided into tracks for racing , another had an elaborate maze of opaque plastic walls . 
 another race track had hurdles and tunnels for the meka to navigate and the fourth was an even more complex obstacle system . 
 `` you did n't think it was all about fighting did you ? '' 
 squall asked , amused . 
 `` i guess i did . '' 
 `` not all meka are built for fighting . 
 the races can make a handler just as much prize money as the fights . 
 people arrange other events too . 
 some are just for fun : egg and spoon races , stuff like that . '' 
 `` so the races ... i guess they 're safe ? 
 the meka ca n't get hurt , right ? '' 
 she tilted her head and sighed . 
 `` eli ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i told you not to get a meka from a black market dealer , did n't i ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and you did . 
 and something really bad happened to you . '' 
 he shifted uncomfortably , feeling the pull of the stitches on his back . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i know it must have been horrible , but that 's not what meka fighting is about . 
 sometimes meka do get hurt , but they do n't get killed . 
 dirge likes to fight , and maybe when phyre 's had some good experiences , she will too . 
 when i met you , you were so passionate about fighting . 
 now you 're just afraid . '' 
 he scowled and looked away from her over the arena . 
 `` you 're wrong . 
 you do n't know what it was like . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll admit i have no idea . 
 but i do know what meka fighting is like when it 's done right . 
 it 's a rush . 
 it 's fun . 
 you should n't be afraid to be here . 
 you should be excited . '' 
 he rounded on her . 
 `` i 'm not excited , i 'm just desperate ! 
 my troupe kicked me out . 
 the doctor says ... she says ... '' he hissed , angry at himself for raising his voice at her . 
 he looked out over the arena again . 
 `` i do n't want anything bad to happen to phyre ever again . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` just give this a chance , okay ? 
 i 'm going to sign us up for a doubles ' fight today . 
 just one . 
 and if we win , you can have all the prize money . 
 does that sound like good incentive ? '' 
 `` you do n't have to do that . '' 
 `` i 'm here to play for fun . 
 i can afford to lose . 
 the winnings are n't make or break for me . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'm sorry i. . . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she flashed him a grin and he felt the corner of his mouth twitch in return . 
 `` i think i 'm lucky we met at the skypath station that day , '' he said . 
 `` yeah , you really are . '' 
 eli laughed and squall pointed down into the arena . 
 `` look , this is the first heat for the hurdles . '' 
 eli watched the meka assemble , lulled by the ebb and shift of the settling crowd behind them . 
 the meka jumping the hurdles were all sleek and long-legged ; clearly not made for fighting . 
 maybe this was where phyre belonged . 
 not jumping hurdles , obviously -- her belly practically dragged on the ground -- but maybe there was some kind of non-contact competition she would be good at . 
 she slithered out of his arms and leapt lightly onto dirge 's back . 
 concerned , eli reached over to snatch her back before the larger meka could snap , but dirge did n't seem to mind . 
 he peered over his shoulder at her and she waddled up his spine to sit on his shoulders making little grunting noises . 
 dirge gave a long kind of growl and squall patted him absently . 
 `` it 's almost like they 're talking , '' eli said to squall . 
 `` well of course they are . '' 
 `` i did n't know the meka could talk to each other , '' eli said surprised . 
 `` i thought , well ... '' squall laughed . 
 `` that she could only talk to you ? '' 
 he nodded sheepishly . 
 `` the meka can communicate with each other , but she 'll always have a greater range with you than other meka . 
 i can be miles away from dirge and still contact him , but the meka wo n't be able to talk to each other unless they 're on the same street . '' 
 `` well , '' eli mused . 
 `` that will make finding each other at events like this easier . '' 
 `` it 's hard for them to focus on each other when there are so many other meka around , but now they know each other a little better it should be easier . '' 
 dirge flopped down on his belly and phyre slid down his shoulder to curl up between his forepaws , pawing at his chin playfully . 
 eli smiled to himself . 
 it was cute to see her with another meka and he was glad she was n't scared of her own kind , even after all they 'd been through . 
 phyre fell asleep but eli and squall watched the competitions for over an hour . 
 it was odd , he thought , this companionable silence . 
 sometimes squall would point things out or make generalized exclamations when the races got exciting , often joining the roar of the crowd behind them , but it was the companionship that was so strange . 
 it was alien to the life eli had known on the rim ; where everyone wanted and demanded and no one was friends with anyone unless they stood to gain something . 
 `` do you know anything about nightshop ? '' 
 eli asked squall in a lull . 
 `` depends , '' she said . 
 `` some people will tell you it 's the pinnacle of meka fighting . 
 they 'll say that all the true battles happen there , and that the handlers are elite gladiators . 
 other people say they 're a bunch of murdering criminals . '' 
 `` what do you believe ? '' 
 eli pressed . 
 squall laughed . 
 `` i do n't . 
 it 's not real , you know . '' 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 `` pretty sure , yeah . 
 it 's just a story . 
 like monster rats and science labs in the undercity . '' 
 she shook her head , amused . 
 `` i better go sign us up . '' 
 eli nodded . 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 i think , '' he hesitated . 
 `` i think i 'm going to sign phyre up for one of the races too . 
 just to see how she goes . '' 
 squall grinned . 
 `` sure . 
 i 'll meet you back here in a bit , okay ? '' 
 eli scooped up the sleeping phyre . 
 `` squall ... '' `` yeah ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` you were going to say i was wonderful , were n't you ? '' 
 `` something like that . '' 
 she shook her head , amused , and rolled away toward the elevators , dirge at her side . 
 chapter nine need for speed eli asked directions as he went , finding his way through the maze of packed corridors to the sign-up booths . 
 there were a lot of other handlers milling around , and eli had to wait half an hour before he could get to the counter . 
 he held up his pass , phyre peering curiously over his shoulder . 
 `` i 'd like to enter , umm ... '' the lists of races were scrolling past on rotation behind the desk . 
 eli could n't read them and he hesitated , trying to pick a likely one at random . 
 the woman behind the counter seemed to take pity on his confusion . 
 `` has your meka run any races before ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i think you 're after the 1749 a. all the meka in that one are first time racers and there are n't any obstacles . '' 
 eli nodded . 
 `` yeah , thanks . '' 
 `` no problem , sweetie . 
 here you go , '' she handed him a stylized plastic coin . 
 `` that 'll get you into the open zone . '' 
 eli was n't completely sure what the open zone was , but looking around he could see a lot of other handlers with coins . 
 he followed a small group of them down a set of stairs to an automated gate . 
 the coins let them pass through and eli followed , slipping the coin in the slot . 
 he was down on the arena floor . 
 it was n't so crowded here and he could see colored ropes and banners with the abbreviations of the races directing the handlers to the start of their course . 
 `` when is the 1749 a ? '' 
 eli asked one of the supervisors . 
 `` the 1749 a , 1749 b and 1864 a are rotating on the fifth track . 
 if you follow that red rope over there , it 'll get you there . 
 you might have to wait a little while . '' 
 `` thank you , '' eli said . 
 a huddle of other handlers and meka were waiting by the edge of the track , watching the current race . 
 `` race ? '' 
 asked a harried , young female coordinator as eli approached . 
 `` 1749 a , '' he said . 
 `` okay , that 's next . 
 but the 1864 a is running now and it 's an endurance race . 
 it can take a while . '' 
 eli nodded and mingled with the other handlers , peering at their meka . 
 he remembered what the woman at the desk had said : that all the meka in this race were racing for the first time . 
 thankfully , none of them looked particularly fast and like phyre , many of them looked like they were still growing . 
 then eli noticed something that gave him reason to pause . 
 a meka -- a familiar meka . 
 it was an electric purple all over , but now that eli was closer he could see blue flecks on its scaly hide . 
 it was blink , the lizard-meka phyre had fought in alias arena . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 blink 's handler , chase , spotted eli and scowled . 
 he was still wearing the same neon colored clothes as before , so he was hard to miss . 
 `` i know you . 
 you 're the jerk who ran out of our fight yesterday . '' 
 `` so what about it ? '' 
 eli challenged . 
 `` you gon na run out today , huh ? 
 no one wants people like you around , ruining the competitions by forfeiting . 
 why do n't you just go back to the rim where you belong ? 
 you can take your undersized meka with you . '' 
 eli balled his fists . 
 on the rim an argument like this would be settled with a swift punch to the throat . 
 he could n't punch anyone here though . 
 not even someone like chase hunter . 
 he 'd get thrown out and squall would be furious . 
 `` i say i belong right here , '' eli said coldly , jiggling the access pass hanging around his neck . 
 `` accepting the prize money for this race while you have a cry . '' 
 chase laughed . 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 what color is the sky in this little fantasy world of yours ? 
 look , you better keep your meka out of blink 's way , or she might choke on his dust . '' 
 swallowing his pride , eli stalked away to the other side of the group to put the crowd between himself and chase . 
 any more of that and he really was going to lose his temper . 
 inside he was still fuming . 
 he remembered how fast blink had been in the arena and he did n't think phyre could match it . 
 that did n't stop him from wanting to win . 
 phyre chirped , unsettled by his tension . 
 he pulled her off his shoulder to look into her eyes . 
 she gazed back solemnly . 
 he could feel her thoughts , a constant undercurrent in the back of his mind . 
 clearing his own mind , he opened himself up to her . 
 `` i want us to win , '' he told her softly . 
 `` i want us to make that idiot chase look like a fool . 
 think you can do that ? '' 
 she sent back a jumble of emotions and he felt her desire to please him , and a strong undercurrent of , what ? 
 a desire of her own . 
 a drive to win and be better . 
 to be faster and stronger and smarter . 
 it was alien coming from her , but at the same time , was n't it what eli had been striving for his whole life ? 
 could those feelings be passed to meka in dna ? 
 he let her scramble back up onto his shoulder . 
 she was going to be too big for that soon . 
 she was almost too big now , with his back aching the way it was , but he liked her close . 
 the endurance race went on and on . 
 eli was surprised how far the meka could run . 
 some of them seemed tireless , as if they could still be running like that tomorrow . 
 useful , he thought , if you ever needed to hike out into the desert . 
 `` race 1749 a , '' the coordinator called , hustling the competitors into place as the endurance race ended and a judge began to hand out prizes . 
 eli could see winning tokens exchanging hands . 
 the meka arranged themselves on the starting line and eli placed phyre beside the others . 
 blink was further down the line , twitching like he 'd had too much caffeine . 
 eli stroked phyre 's nose , then stepped back to join the other handlers . 
 chase was smirking , but eli forced himself to ignore him . 
 the race was two laps of the arena . 
 that was n't a short distance either . 
 did phyre have the endurance to run that far , faster than blink ? 
 sure , she ran around all day chasing rats , but it was n't the same , was it ? 
 the starter gun startled eli so badly he almost launched himself onto the track , but phyre was ready and took off at a gallop with the other meka . 
 blink shot ahead of the pack with ease , his short lizard legs just a blur of purple , his tail whipping up sand and sawdust . 
 `` go ! 
 go ! '' 
 eli screamed , but he was n't the only one . 
 over the roar of the crowd the other handlers were yelling too . 
 phyre 's mind crackled into eli 's and suddenly he could feel the sand between her claws with each pounding step . 
 he could hear the thud of the other meka alongside her , smell them , taste dust , feel the pounding of her hearts . 
 she was fiercely determined . 
 she could see the shrinking purple shape ahead of her and she wanted to win . 
 through his own eyes , eli could see her pulling ahead . 
 her wings were outstretched , her little orange legs peddling , tail swinging back and forth like a rudder to keep her balanced as she locked her sights on blink . 
 they reached the quarter-way mark . 
 there were three other meka keeping pace with phyre , but the rest were falling behind . 
 only blink had a clear lead , but eli wondered how long he could sustain that pace . 
 he was so twitchy , but he probably was n't built for long distances . 
 phyre was n't getting tired , but she just could n't go any faster . 
 her short legs were n't long or strong enough . 
 eli bit his lip . 
 if blink did n't slow , phyre could n't win . 
 not without magically growing another two feet mid race . 
 they passed the half way mark , roaring past the handlers and kicking up dust . 
 for a moment , eli could only see through phyre 's eyes : blink 's lashing tail right in front of her nose . 
 he was still yelling , fists pumping in the air . 
 he thought the roar of the crowd was getting louder too . 
 were people watching the race ? 
 were they focused on blink and phyre like eli was ? 
 the sudden realization that so many eyes might be on them intimidated him . 
 the meka rounded the far curve of the track and suddenly they were on the home stretch . 
 blink was still in the lead . 
 he was too fast , too close to the finish line . 
 phyre was n't going to catch him . 
 eli 's heart was in his mouth and he could feel phyre 's mind pounding into his , her determination , her need to win . 
 her wings flailed and eli gave a cry as she began to fall . 
 she gave a hop , a skip , a flap and - eli drew a sharp breath , and it was echoed by the whole audience , two thousand people all gasping at once . 
 phyre was airborne . 
 her toes dragged across the sand , then with another flap she rose above it . 
 her determination lashed eli in waves , he was drowning in it . 
 flap . 
 flap . 
 flap . 
 from a total height of three feet she leveled with blink , then she tucked her wings and dove for the finish line ; crashing in a tangle of limbs and membrane . 
 but she was first . 
 she had won . 
 eli whooped , deaf to the cheering audience , and ran to phyre , picking her up and straightening her out . 
 she was a little dusty , but unharmed , and looked up at him with a cheer in her eyes that was her way of smiling . 
 `` way to go , man . '' 
 eli looked up to find chase standing over them . 
 he offered his hand and eli accepted it , surprised . 
 `` uh , thanks . '' 
 `` i really thought i had that one in the bag , '' chase said . 
 eli grinned . 
 `` yeah , i thought you did too . '' 
 `` maybe next time we 're in an arena you 'll actually let your meka fight . '' 
 `` i think you can bet on that . '' 
 chase waved good bye and eli quickly lost sight of him as the coordinator came over to congratulate him and give him a winner 's token . 
 he scooped up phyre and followed the red cord to the stairs and out of the arena . 
 he wanted to find squall and tell her what happened . 
 there was no need to look for her , however , the moment he reached the top of the stairs he heard her voice : `` eli ! '' 
 he peered into the crowd , spotting dirge first and trotted over to meet them . 
 `` i saw your race , '' she beamed . 
 `` congratulations . '' 
 `` thanks , i did n't even know phyre could fly . '' 
 squall laughed . 
 `` i do n't think phyre did either . 
 you 're both hopeless . 
 what did you think her wings were for ? '' 
 he grinned and held up the token . 
 `` i should go cash this in . '' 
 `` hold on to it for now . 
 you might get others . 
 better to cash them all in at the end of the day . 
 it 's a long line to get to the counter . 
 besides , we have somewhere to be . '' 
 `` we do ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 our first tag team battle is about to start . '' 
 chapter ten the win the tag team arena reminded eli too much of phunket arena and the wounds on his back which were aching even now . 
 it had the same high sides and sand and sawdust lining . 
 this time there were no blue blood stains , but his sense of unease still lingered . 
 he grudgingly left phyre with dirge in the holding cage and helped squall navigate to the handlers platform . 
 `` will you relax ? '' 
 squall chided , grinning up at him . 
 `` you 're so uptight your feet are n't touching the floor . '' 
 eli rolled his eyes . 
 `` the last time you did this a meka did n't try and rip you in half . '' 
 squall ignored him . 
 `` phyre can go first . 
 you might not get a chance to fight otherwise and it 'll make it harder for you to wuss out . '' 
 he arched an eyebrow . 
 `` who you calling a wuss ? '' 
 the announcer rattled off eli and squall 's names , along with their meka , then introduced their competition . 
 `` zeke and asia , '' squall grinned . 
 `` i know them . 
 this should be fun . '' 
 `` fun , '' eli echoed dubiously , but squall was too busy waving to the handlers on the neighboring platform to notice . 
 they looked like brother and sister , eli thought , and friendly , like squall . 
 definitely blueliners , judging by their clothes . 
 it was still difficult for eli to accept everyone else was here to enjoy themselves . 
 `` zeke 's meka is spike , '' squall said . 
 `` they 'll probably send him out first , because he 's smaller than asia 's poe . 
 poe is a real tank . 
 you wait until you see her . 
 they make a good double 's team . 
 you ready ? '' 
 before eli could answer , there was a ` gong ' and the gates to the holding pen opened . 
 no , eli thought , i 'm not ready . 
 but spike was already stepping out into the light . 
 a glossy green biped , covered in sharp quills and equipped with a long , whip-like tail . 
 perhaps it was dirge that directed phyre , because before eli could summon her , she ambled out into the arena to face her opponent . 
 he was bigger than her , in both weight and height , and more experienced . 
 apprehension passed between eli and phyre , their emotions mingling and intensifying . 
 `` this is supposed to be fun , eli , '' squall reminded him . 
 `` you look like you 're being punished . '' 
 before eli could reply , the second gong sounded and spike charged , scaled feet kicking up puffs of dust . 
 he moved like a much lighter meka , with his long tail whipping to and fro in his wake . 
 a sort of predatory calm filled phyre , her fear dissipating in a detached intensity . 
 she crouched , intent on her opponent , then the moment before he struck she bounced sideways . 
 with a hop , skip and a jump she was in the air . 
 she swooped up in an easy spiral , forcing spike to twist around to keep track of her . 
 she was more agile in the air than eli expected . 
 he could feel the shift of her muscles and the instinctive understanding of flight -- a kind of genetic memory , something she had been born with . 
 where did those come from in a meka ? 
 him ? 
 or some part of the science eli did n't understand ? 
 `` what do i do ? '' 
 eli asked , glancing at squall . 
 she smiled . 
 `` just let her be . 
 she does n't need you to think for her . '' 
 eli bit his lip , turning his focus back to the fight . 
 phyre was spiraling around spike , up and down like a carousel animal , and he was getting dizzy watching her . 
 eli heard zeke call out a command , but before he could complete it , phyre struck . 
 with a sharp aerial twist she rammed the green meka 's thigh where there were no spines . 
 spike tumbled onto his side , kicking up sheets of sand as he tried to roll back to his feet . 
 executing a tight roll , phyre swept in again , alighting on his thrashing hip and snapping at his face before taking to air as he whipped his tail around . 
 `` she 's good ! '' 
 squall exclaimed , banging her hands on the railing as the crowd cheered . 
 spike scrambled to his feet , crouching low and hissing his displeasure . 
 eli could feel phyre 's bemusement and her growing confidence . 
 she swirled around her opponent again , faster than the first time , preparing to make the strike again . 
 too late eli saw spike 's tail whipping around . 
 he tried to yell a warning , but in the blink of an eye the meka had struck and phyre went spinning , crashing into the arena floor and sending up a cloud of dust . 
 eli had one hand on the rail , ready to drop down to her , when squall caught his wrist . 
 `` eli ! 
 you ca n't leave the platform . '' 
 `` she 's hurt ! '' 
 `` she 's fine . 
 wait a moment , will you ? '' 
 he licked his lips and met squall 's gaze . 
 it was hard to trust her , but she arched an eyebrow and he felt himself relax , just a little . 
 `` okay , okay . '' 
 in the arena phyre was scrambling to her feet , but the green meka was already charging . 
 it was all she could do to leap out of his path . 
 she took to the air with much less grace and swooped right under spike 's legs . 
 he almost tripped , but as she spiraled out of his reach , his tail struck her across the left wing . 
 she tumbled , not into the soft sand of the arena floor , but into the unyielding concresteel wall . 
 eli gave a cry of horror and squall called : `` switch ! '' 
 spike froze at a command from zeke , then started to groom as he waited . 
 phyre clambered slowly , painfully , to her feet and began to limp across the sand , changing her mind at the last minute and swooping up to the platform , rather than slinking into the holding pen . 
 when she was secure in eli 's arms , dirge stepped out onto the sand . 
 he looked amazing under the arena lights . 
 he looked like he was designed to be there . 
 the colors lining his stripes flickered in their shifting rainbow and the white of his fur seemed to glow . 
 his six paws left dinner plate-sized tracks in his wake and for a moment he just stood blinking , letting the audience take him in . 
 then he tossed his head , ruffled his fur and let out a roar that vibrated the platform under eli 's feet and drowned out the sounds of the crowd . 
 zeke yelled something -- eli could only see his lips moving -- but spike spun in place , whip-like tail lashing dirge 's face . 
 it struck his nose , drawing a thin blue line of blood . 
 with a snarl dirge charged , barreling across the arena floor like a skypath carriage , an immense bullet of speed and power . 
 the smaller meka bolted , trying to avoid dirge 's claws with squeals of alarm . 
 dirge cuffed his legs out from under him and he rolled , a tangle of green limbs and spines . 
 before he could rise dirge was on top of him , pinning him down , teeth bared . 
 eli realized dirge could kill spike . 
 one snap and it would all be over . 
 the thought chilled him , but squall was laughing . 
 `` better call it , zeke ! '' 
 she teased , yelling across to the other platform . 
 zeke made a rude gesture , but he seemed amused as he conferred with his sister . 
 they reached an agreement and zeke yelled : `` switch . '' 
 eli gave a little cheer as dirge let spike up and he limped back into the holding pen . 
 asia 's meka , poe , trundled out to take his place . 
 she was large , thickly armored and eli could only imagine how heavy . 
 her blunt head had a long , curved horn that jutted up from her nose and her legs were well protected under the dome of a hard , grey shell . 
 dirge eyed her warily , standing his ground . 
 with a grunt , poe began to charge . 
 she started slow , but built in momentum with surprising speed . 
 dirge leapt sideways with catlike grace , but did n't figure on poe tossing her head . 
 the long , brutal horn on her nose caught dirge on the inside of his hind knee , tearing the flesh and unbalancing him so he landed heavily on his side . 
 there was a gasp from the crowd -- horror at the sight of so much blood -- and many rose to their feet . 
 eli glanced at squall and saw her mouth drawn to a thin line , her eyes focused on poe with unflinching intensity . 
 in the arena , dirge rolled to his feet . 
 his leg was bleeding , but not enough to slow him down . 
 he was big , after all , and had five more legs to steady himself . 
 poe was slow to turn and dirge was too close for another charge , so she began waddling forward , tossing her head . 
 that deadly horn slicing the air closer and closer to dirge 's flank . 
 dirge hesitated , then leapt . 
 all six of his feet connected with the wall and for an instant he was suspended on the vertical , then he pushed off , limbs outstretched as he landed on poe 's domed back . 
 she let out of a squeal of frustration , tossing her head trying to strike dirge again , but he was out of reach . 
 then she began to spin . 
 dirge was braced on her back , in no real danger of falling until ... eli could see him getting dizzy . 
 his catlike eyes flickered as the crowd spun past again and again . 
 he was starting to wobble . 
 squall gasped . 
 then , quite suddenly , poe collapsed panting . 
 `` victory goes to squall and eli ! '' 
 the announcer roared . 
 the crowd erupted into cheers and eli hugged squall , squishing phyre between them . 
 this was what he thought winning would feel like , back when he daydreamed away his life in the junkyard . 
 his head was buzzing , his heart was pounding , his grin so wide his mouth hurt . 
 `` we won ! '' 
 squall laughed . 
 `` i knew we would . 
 come on . '' 
 they left their platform to greet zeke and asia , who congratulated them for a good game , laughing over dirge 's victory . 
 then they collected their winning tokens off the judge . 
 eli only had a vague idea how much his was worth , but he guessed it would feed and house him for a month . 
 they waited for dirge , who now had a fresh bandage on his leg , and headed back toward the crowd . 
 a man and a woman were waiting for them there , and despite never seeing them before , eli instantly recognized them as squall 's parents . 
 her mother , despite grey temples , had squall 's rich brown luster and untidy curls and her father , while bald , had the same green eyes . 
 they both looked kind , almost quaint and came forward to congratulate their daughter with enthusiasm . 
 `` and this must be eli , '' squall 's mother said , giving him a rosy-cheeked smile . 
 `` you did very well out there ; i 'm impressed such a young meka handled herself so well . '' 
 squalled rolled her eyes , but she was grinning . 
 `` eli this is my mother janet owens and my father radcliff owens . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , mrs owens , mr owens , '' eli said , tentatively offering squall 's father his hand to shake . 
 `` oh call us janet and radcliff , '' janet said . 
 `` you do n't want to make me feel old . '' 
 `` no , '' eli said with a slight smile . 
 `` see ? 
 come on , you kids must be hungry . 
 we 'll get sandwiches , '' janet said , hustling the whole group through the crowd . 
 `` i do n't have any money with me , '' eli muttered to squall . 
 he felt a little awkward around her parents . 
 not only had he never had parents of his own , but no one in the red hollows had parents either . 
 it was weird to think what it must be like to have two adults who loved you and watched out for you . 
 `` our shout , '' she promised . 
 `` do n't mind mum , she loves feeding people . 
 if she had her way , none of us would fit through doors . '' 
 once they were all seated around a table in the food court -- dirge behind squall , lovingly grooming the back of her head with his tongue -- janet turned her attention back to eli . 
 `` where are you staying , dear ? '' 
 he noticed her hands fluttered as she talked , as if she wanted to straighten his clothes or comb his hair . 
 squall 's father , on the other hand , was still and placid . 
 he had n't said anything yet beyond a muttered hello . 
 eli hesitated , trying to think of an elegant term for a water tank . 
 `` o-out of the city . '' 
 janet looked concerned . 
 `` is it safe for you there ? 
 are you staying with family ? '' 
 `` no family , but i grew up there , '' eli said . 
 he felt a twist of something almost like resentment . 
 why did people presume to concern themselves with his well-being ? 
 he 'd survived just fine on his own all this time . 
 having parents must be weird , but weird did not always mean good . 
 he did n't want their pity . 
 `` but , '' janet said sagely , `` you were n't caring for a growing meka then . 
 dirge was such a handful at that age . 
 and he ate like there was no bottom to him ! '' 
 `` phyre eats rats , '' eli confessed . 
 squall laughed . 
 `` well she wo n't go hungry in this city ! '' 
 `` let the boy eat , janet , '' radcliff said quietly . 
 `` he 'll do just fine . 
 you ca n't mother the whole world . '' 
 eli decided he liked radcliff , quiet as he was . 
 `` here , '' squall offered eli their winning chip . 
 `` you keep it . '' 
 `` it 's half yours . 
 or , more . 
 dirge won the fight . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` you need an apartment and things . 
 we 'll get more next time . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't , squall , i 'd feel - '' she cut him off . 
 `` you can pay me back in a few months if you feel so strongly about it . 
 but you need it now and i do n't . '' 
 he accepted , but could n't think of any way to say thank you , so he just sat staring at it in silence . 
 chapter eleven revenge is a dish best served cold several hours later , eli was alone in the blueline with phyre . 
 he 'd said goodbye to squall , and her parents , and promised to contact her from a public terminal when he found somewhere to stay . 
 he 'd cashed in the winning chips at the aleratorium too , and now he had more money in his back pocket than he 'd saved in his entire life living on the rim . 
 just those two competition events had earned him enough for rent and food in the blueline , at least for a few weeks . 
 these were unthinkable riches for eli . 
 squall 's generosity awed him . 
 he made his way through the streets , one hand resting casually on his pocket . 
 it had been a long time since a pickpocket had scored anything off him , but he was paranoid today , with so much to lose . 
 inexplicably , the hairs on the back of his neck bristled , and he felt a ripple of tension crawl up his spine . 
 he paused in the middle of the bustling blueline street and turned , scanning the shadows . 
 it was always hot in the blueline with so many people and such poor ventilation , but eli felt a sudden chill . 
 growing up on the rim had honed his survival instincts . 
 people killed each other out there : for food , for money and for other , less defined motives . 
 as a child , eli had been hyper aware of who was following him , who was watching him and who was out of place . 
 he knew someone was watching him now . 
 someone who should n't be there . 
 whoever it was , they were n't in the alleyways or the darkened doorways , instead eli felt his eyes drawn to the crowded window of a shop selling glow-stiks , headpods and other bright trinkets . 
 he could n't see anything behind the display of flashing lights , but he was certain someone was in there , looking out at him . 
 he chewed the corner of his lip thoughtfully , then bent down and scooped phyre up into his arms . 
 so much for the shopping he had planned . 
 he started walking again ; not looking back , but feeling back . 
 waiting for that prickle of sensation that would warn him he was being followed . 
 he was struck with a sudden inspiration . 
 `` look over my shoulder , '' he whispered to phyre . 
 `` let me see what you see . '' 
 obediently , phyre looked back , her blue eyes picking out movement far better than eli 's . 
 colors were fuzzy though , and stationary things held no interest for her . 
 the moment before they turned the corner , someone stepped out from the store front . 
 a dirty , greasy-looking figure with dark hair . 
 : : nasty man , : : phyre thought with surprising vehemence . 
 `` kalex , '' eli muttered . 
 with a burst of clarity , phyre showed eli an image of her dive-bombing kalex 's head and clawing at his face . 
 `` no , you ca n't . 
 they destroy meka who attack people . 
 you have to leave this to me . '' 
 phyre accepted this grudgingly and eli started to walk a little faster . 
 the next time eli turned a corner , he caught a glimpse of kalex talking on a jabber . 
 this , he thought , was going to get messy . 
 seeing a sagging doorway , eli slipped in . 
 in the dim light he could make out a landing and crumbling stairs leading downward . 
 someone had been sleeping in here , or maybe using it as a bathroom , judging by the smell . 
 there were still two levels of blueline before the undercity , but under the scent of urine , vomit and stale human flesh , there was the distinct odor of damp , dark , forgotten places . 
 through phyre 's senses , there was much more complexity to the smell than eli 's limited human olfactory could detect . 
 the range of scents she could single out , but not yet identify , was alarming . 
 eli did n't want to go down too far , but it was so dark here the ruin of the crumbling stairs would be a great place for him to stage an ambush . 
 he picked his way carefully down the cracked concresteel stairs , fingertips brushing the uneven , pitted wall . 
 damage like this was common if there was construction nearby , sometimes it happened in earthquakes or water damage , but these cracks looked settled and old , so he hoped it would be stable enough to hold his weight . 
 phyre , curious about the new smells and bored with eli 's caution , spread her wings and dropped from his arms over the railing , spiraling down into the darkness . 
 `` do n't run off , '' he cautioned , following her down . 
 on the next landing , there was a perfect pocket of darkness under the stairs . 
 as his footprints were showing up clearly in the dust , eli went part way down to the next level , then backtracked , stepping carefully his own boot marks . 
 he was barely in place when he heard the scuff of hurried boots on the stairs above him . 
 he froze , exhaling slowly . 
 around him the stirred dust particles swirled in his breath . 
 sound seemed amplified in the stairwell , the hubbub of the streets above was muffled by the walls . 
 he heard kalex shift , hesitating , then from far below there was a clatter . 
 phyre , eli guessed , making a graceless landing . 
 it was all kalex needed to spur him into motion . 
 he started down the stairs , boots kicking free loose chunks of concresteel that bounced down to the landing ahead of him . 
 he stepped into view , just as greasy and unclean as ever , and hurried right past eli 's hiding place without a second glance . 
 the sight of him up close filled eli with a cold rage . 
 this was the man who had lured him to an arena to watch phyre die , knowing fully what the cost would be . 
 this was the man who had ruined the lives of countless kids like eli , twisting their minds with grief until they did n't sleep , wash or feed themselves . 
 how many meka had kalex sent to their slaughter ? 
 how many human deaths was he responsible for because of that ? 
 eli rose silently from the shadow , lips curled into a silent snarl . 
 `` hey , '' he said . 
 `` looking for me ? '' 
 when kalex turned , eli punched him . 
 the connection sent a lance of pain up eli 's arm , but as he felt kalex 's nose grind under his knuckles , he suspected the older man was feeling much , much worse . 
 kalex stumbled back against the wall , raising a choking cloud of dust . 
 he clutched at his nose , hands coming away red as gouts of blood smeared across his lips , his chin then down his neck to fan out across his shirt . 
 he gave a snarl and lunged . 
 eli met him half way with a sharp upward kick and then flew into the fray with vicious abandon . 
 the dust came up in waves , sticking to blood and stinging their eyes . 
 eli dropped to a crouch to avoid a clumsy punch from kalex , and fumbled across the floor , hand closing over a large chunk of concresteel . 
 he slammed it into kalex 's jaw with enough force to send him reeling back toward the void . 
 just in time , he caught himself on the creaking , crumbling railing . 
 `` you little rat , '' kalex snarled , spitting blood and possibly teeth . 
 `` i lost my job because of you . 
 i got people after me because of you ! '' 
 `` you deserve it , '' eli said , ready to advance again . 
 `` i 'm gon na make sure you get what you deserve , '' kalex said . 
 `` and then some . '' 
 the air was rent with a deafening roar and concresteel rained down on them , forcing eli to throw his hands over his head . 
 something huge was barreling down the stairwell . 
 something black and hairy with glowing eyes and ten inch long red claws that flashed in and out of view as its paws pummeled the stairs . 
 `` go , titan ! '' 
 eli heard someone -- a stranger -- yell . 
 when kalex had been on the jabber earlier he had been calling a handler to help him ! 
 shooting kalex a hate filled look through the dust , eli pelted down the stairs after phyre . 
 the meka -- the monster -- barreling after him was so large the staircase was crumbling , the remaining , sagging stairs shaking so badly eli had to keep one shoulder against the wall as he stumbled downward . 
 he fell the last few steps onto the third landing , slamming against the wall . 
 he dared to look back and saw a long , tapered muzzle , white canid teeth and spittle streaking silky black fur . 
 suddenly eli realized phyre was n't there . 
 she had flown deeper into the abyss between the stairs , somewhere out of sight . 
 down this far the dark was so impenetrable it was hard to tell meka from shadow . 
 eli could n't see the stairs anymore and he was certain he would fall . 
 then phyre 's mind pushed against his . 
 in his panic , he shoved her thoughts away , but she was insistent . 
 her vision in the low light was good and from down below she could see him in muted grey and white . 
 through her eyes he could see himself -- or , at least , his hip and shoulder -- and the underside of the stairs . 
 there were huge gaps in the staircase . 
 places where the concresteel had fallen away completely . 
 without phyre 's eyes , he would have fallen . 
 there was no time for caution . 
 titan was gaining on him . 
 eli stumbled forward , feeling blindly with his hands and using phyre 's vision to place his feet . 
 it was closer to tumbling than running , but somehow he found the next landing . 
 it was too dark to see with his own eyes , but phyre was nearby . 
 he fumbled blindly toward her . 
 overhead there was a groaning scream as the concresteel gave way under the black meka 's weight . 
 chunks thundered down around eli , some as large as coffins , shattering on the landing and smashing into the abyss , causing the landing to tilt precariously . 
 titan was ripping the whole staircase down and who knew how deep the shaft ran ? 
 it might be a fall of twenty stories , thirty , a hundred ... eli could see the beast more clearly through phyre 's senses . 
 he must have weighed a ton ; a ton of pure muscle and fur with long pointed ears and plenty of teeth . 
 he roared and phyre could see three snake-like tongues whipping around in his mouth . 
 : : here . 
 : : phyre scrambled backward through a fissure in the wall and eli groped blindly after her . 
 he squeezed through on his hands and knees , then suddenly he was in a cool , dark place ; hands and knees in a shallow puddle . 
 the undercity . 
 eli was in the undercity . 
 not only that , but he was in an area with no power , with no way to see what was right in front of him . 
 or right behind him . 
 `` phyre , '' he whispered , throat burning with dust and fear . 
 the fissure behind him shattered open , spraying him with concresteel and a claw-tipped arm as long as he tall was groped through the gap , scouring the ground beside him . 
 eli launched forward , scrambling into the raw darkness as titan ripped his way into the undercity . 
 `` no , no , no . '' 
 eli moaned . 
 he could n't see anything . 
 he could only hear titan getting closer , the drip , drip , drip of water and the total silence beyond that was most terrifying of all . 
 : : here , this way . 
 : : phyre insisted , brushing up against eli in the darkness . 
 he was so scared he did n't want to move . 
 he just wanted to lie there and hope titan would n't find him , but he forced himself to grope along phyre 's spine and catch a hold of her tail , scrambling along in her wake on his hands and knees . 
 he could hear titan sniffing , searching , only a meter or two behind them . 
 eli was whimpering , voice catching in his throat . 
 then his forehead bumped against the rim of a pipe . 
 phyre was wriggling up the inside and there was a steady stream of water gushing out the mouth . 
 eli was certain he could hear the echoey sounds of rats . 
 `` phyre , no , '' he whimpered . 
 titan 's paw slammed down on his back , pinning him to the soaking ground . 
 eli 's stitches popped , and the pain from the re-opened wounds on his back engulfed him like flames . 
 he screamed . 
 titan 's teeth snapped closed and eli felt them impale in the rubber of his boots , but they did n't pierce through to his feet . 
 eli kicked out , and then , somehow , got free , shooting up the tunnel after phyre like a cork out of a champagne bottle . 
 titan roared , his claws rattling in the tunnel mouth , but the pipe was too sturdy for him to follow . 
 far above , past phyre 's bulk , eli could see light . 
 the glowy , rainbow light of the blueline . 
 he and phyre squeezed out the end , pushing aside a grate that allowed the grey water to run out of a laundromat . 
 they huddled in a side street ; wet , cold and eli bleeding from his hands , knees and back . 
 wincing , he climbed slowly to his feet to limp to the nearest clinic . 
 chapter twelve home sweet home `` what were you doing when you ripped your stitches ? '' 
 the doctor asked . 
 she was an old , serious looking woman who was remarkably unhurried , given the crowd in her waiting room . 
 eli had been sitting for two hours before she 'd called him in . 
 the receptionist had given him paper towels to soak up the blood . 
 now the doctor was cleaning the wounds with a sharply cold , pink disinfectant . 
 `` uh , i slipped , '' eli lied . 
 with his shirt pulled up over his head he could n't see much but phyre 's hinds as she dug around under the doctor 's desk . 
 `` get outta that ! '' 
 the doctor growled , shifting phyre with the toe of her boot . 
 `` they go after the dirty bandages . 
 there is n't much meka wo n't eat . '' 
 eli grimaced and motioned phyre into the corner , queasy with disgust . 
 `` well , '' the doctor continued , `` i can clean this and stitch you up , then it will be up to you to look after it . 
 there is n't any infection yet . 
 i bet you 're from the rim , eh ? 
 never met a kid from the rim who did n't have an immune system stronger than a steel wall . 
 we 're out of painkillers tonight ; do you want something to bite down on ? '' 
 eli felt his stomach sink and looked around the office , then decided nothing looked clean enough to put in his mouth . 
 `` no thank you , '' he said . 
 she vanished behind him with a suture kit and he felt the snip and tug as she began to cut through the remaining stitches . 
 the dragging sensation as she pulled them loose was uncomfortable , but he only winced a few times , particularly when she dabbed at the raw flesh with alcohol soaked swabs . 
 he thought he was prepared for the first prick of the needle , but he was n't . 
 it bit into his skin , piercing right through his flesh and the dragging of the catgut as she made the first stitch just extended the pain . 
 tears rolled down his cheeks steadily and he tried to swallow the lump in his throat that was turning into a sob . 
 the stitching took a long time . 
 when the doctor reached the freshly torn wound , eli thought he 'd pass out . 
 the pain made everything seem too bright and the world tilted and danced . 
 it took all his willpower to stay on the table . 
 he could sense phyre fretting in the back of his mind , wanting to help , but he motioned for her to stay where she was . 
 `` you 're done , '' the doctor said finally . 
 eli 's head was spinning , but he nodded and pulled his shirt back into place , rising unsteadily to his feet . 
 phyre followed him out to the reception where put his money on the counter . 
 some part of him resented paying for this torture , but then he was stumbling out onto the street and bracing himself on the wall while he vomited , over and over , until his gut was empty and his back felt as if it were blistering . 
 he paused again to rinse his mouth at a tap , then staggered on down the street . 
 before kalex had come after him , before he 'd been attacked by yet another mad , human-killing meka , eli had been looking for an apartment . 
 now he needed one even more than before , but thankfully , he still had just enough money to cover a few weeks rent and some groceries . 
 he needed to lie down , and soon , so he soldiered on . 
 there was no point going to a real-estate agent , they would n't have anything he could afford . 
 however he asked around in laundromats and grocery stores and finally someone pointed him toward a lady 's clothing store . 
 the owner -- a large woman with masses of black hair like a big , thick rug -- looked him up and down . 
 `` yes , i have an apartment for lease . 
 it 's behind the store . 
 one room , one bathroom . 
 it has running water . '' 
 `` hot water ? '' 
 she scowled . 
 `` just water . 
 and power . '' 
 she did n't offer to show it to him and he did n't ask , instead they haggled over the price and eli got her down to twenty five dollars a week . 
 she grumbled , saying she could get that per night from a call girl , but eli guessed she did n't want drunken men coming and going behind her shop all night . 
 she handed him the key and he handed her enough money to cover the next three weeks . 
 `` there 's an old mattress in there , '' she said , counting the bills . 
 `` i was going to throw it out , but you look like you might be able to use it . '' 
 eli nodded in thanks ventured tentatively into the narrow alleyway . 
 there a vent half hidden behind a scattering of soggy trash and a leak in the ceiling , beyond that was a little green door with peeling paint and the word ` wazgras ' etched into it with a knife . 
 he turned the lock , nudging the door open and peering inside . 
 it was actually a little nicer than he was expecting . 
 the floor was bare concrete and the walls were a dull cream color , but it was n't damp or moldy or even too dusty . 
 it was only two by three meters , but it was secure . 
 the ` bathroom ' turned out to be a shower fixture on the wall above a drain and an old , sullen looking toilet , however they both worked . 
 he had to sit sideways to fit on the latter . 
 he sat on the mattress , which was brown with stains and rather lumpy . 
 he smiled . 
 he had a home . 
 somewhere that was n't a water tank in a rubbish tip . 
 getting in and out of the city would n't be a two hour hike anymore , and he could sleep without worrying about spiders , rats or snakes crawling on him in his sleep . 
 for the first time in his life there was even a lock on the door . 
 not that eli would have anything worth stealing any time soon . 
 he was used to carrying his valuables with him . 
 eli had never lived indoors before . 
 he 'd never had plumbing and running water . 
 despite everything , despite the pain and fear and uncertainty of it all , things were definitely looking up . 
 what would apple , pink and the others think if they could see him now ? 
 he bet they 'd regret abandoning him . 
 if they 'd stood by him , they 'd have been sharing in his good fortune . 
 but even if they 'd begged him to come back to the red hollows , it would n't change the fact they had n't cared enough to let him stick around when he needed them . 
 they 'd only want him back for his money . 
 they probably did n't miss him at all . 
 his shoulders sagged and he wiped his cheeks with the back of his hand . 
 they were still crusted with his earlier tears . 
 he lay back and phyre crawled onto the mattress alongside him , cuddling up against his belly , her head on his chest . 
 now something was bothering him . 
 a realization much worse than the memory of the red hollow 's abandonment . 
 on the stairs , right before the black meka had attacked , eli had been ready to push kalex . 
 he had been willing to kill him . 
 `` i would n't really do that , '' eli said quietly , stroking her glossy scales . 
 `` i would n't really kill someone . 
 and if i did , kalex would have deserved it . '' 
 the thought still troubled him . 
 deeply . 
 `` eli ! '' 
 eli rolled over , rubbing his eyes . 
 sprawled on the mattress beside him , phyre stretched and flexed her claws . 
 it had been a week since they had moved in , and she was still growing . 
 today the tip of her tail was touching his toes and her head was almost level with his . 
 rats were n't going to sustain her much longer . 
 they were going to need a regular source of income . 
 `` eli ! '' 
 this time the exasperated voice was accompanied by a banging on his door . 
 he sighed and rolled to his feet . 
 it sounded like squall , but then the only other person who knew where he lived was the woman he rented the room from . 
 `` i 'm coming , '' he muttered . 
 he opened the door and found himself face to face with dirge . 
 he startled , and then grudgingly pulled the door wider to allow the bulky meka , and squall 's wheelchair , inside . 
 there was barely enough room for her to squeeze down the alleyway at all . 
 `` you know , '' he said . 
 `` between the two of you , you 're not really suitable for small spaces . '' 
 `` i guess i 'll have to move to the topside then , '' she said with a grin . 
 `` sheesh , eli . 
 do n't you have any other clothes ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 she looked bright-eyed , grinning a little too wide . 
 eli was n't sure exactly what time it was , only that it was too early for her to be so enthusiastic about ... anything . 
 `` guess what ? '' 
 she said , almost bouncing out of her chair with excitement . 
 eli flopped back onto the edge of the mattress . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i have tickets to the match at taramon arena today . 
 i was going with my cousin , but she 's got food poisoning and my brother is on the other side of the city working . 
 so i thought , ` hey , why not take eli ? '' ' 
 eli 's interest perked . 
 `` since when do you have a brother ? 
 wait , taramon ? 
 they show the matches there on the vids . 
 it 's for the top quality fighters , right ? 
 those handlers are superstars . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' squall said , proffering the tickets with a grin . 
 `` i knew you 'd want to come . '' 
 `` yeah , this is awesome ! '' 
 phyre hauled herself to her feet and crawled onto dirge 's back to chew on his ears . 
 eli bit his lip . 
 `` but , uh , what will i do with phyre ? 
 i 'm guessing meka are n't covered in the ticket price . '' 
 `` just leave her at my place . 
 my parents watch dirge all the time . 
 i 'm sure they 'll be able to handle phyre . '' 
 eli looked doubtful . 
 `` you sure ? 
 she 's a bit of a handful . '' 
 `` they wo n't mind . '' 
 `` well , let 's go then . '' 
 squall pulled a face , looking eli up and down , then around the apartment . 
 `` do n't you want to , maybe , have a shower first ? '' 
 `` is that necessary ? '' 
 `` i 'd prefer it , yeah . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll catch up to you . '' 
 `` do n't be long , okay ? 
 i kinda have to be there early so they can get me to my seat . '' 
 eli resisted the urge to tell her to make up her mind already . 
 he helped her back out the door , then when he 'd watched her get to the end of the street without being run over by a handcart , he went back inside to make good on his promise to shower . 
 though he really thought she was a little obsessive about the whole thing . 
 who showered every single day ? 
 his skin was starting to dry out and itch . 
 clean and dressed in exactly the same clothes as before , he headed out , being sure to lock the door behind him . 
 not that he thought anyone was going to want to steal his mattress , but he did n't want to come home and find someone hiding in his bathroom either . 
 phyre was too big for him to carry now . 
 if she tried to sit on his shoulders her tail got in his way and she bumped her head on door frames . 
 she was nimble though and no one had stepped on her yet , so eli had started letting her make her own way . 
 he could n't help looking over his shoulder as he walked . 
 looking for ... what ? 
 kalex probably , peering from dark alley , gun cocked . 
 eli tried to tell himself he was being foolish , but he did n't feel foolish . 
 he felt like he was taking sensible precautions . 
 squall 's door was open when he arrived , so he knocked on the frame before stepping inside . 
 it was a narrow façade , but inside the walls were sea-shell pink and the smell of baking dough was wafting out onto the street . 
 `` is that you , eli love ? '' 
 janet called , stepping out into the hallway from the kitchen with flour on her clothes and dough stuck to her fingers . 
 `` come in , dear . 
 i 'm making scones . 
 i 've packed a lunch for the two of you , '' she motioned for eli to follow her into the kitchen . 
 it was tidy and very yellow with cheery images scrolling by in their frames on the walls and several brightly colored tea-towels on a rack . 
 he could see scones baking through the oven door and even more on the counter that she was in the middle of kneading . 
 there was also a plate of sandwiches on the table . 
 it was a small kitchen , like everything in the blueline , but it was warm , bright , full of good smells and had a hominess that caused eli a pang of jealousy . 
 `` those are for you , '' janet said , gesturing to the sandwiches . 
 `` i bet you have n't eaten breakfast . 
 you 're so thin it 's a wonder you do n't blow away in a strong breeze ! '' 
 `` thank you , '' eli sat down . 
 she was right , he had n't eaten . 
 what had it been like to grow up in a house like this ? 
 with an endless supply of food and love . 
 no wonder squall was so happy all the time . 
 phyre scrambled up on the chair beside him and he obligingly fed her every second bite of his sandwiches . 
 `` she 's getting big , '' janet said . 
 `` she 'll be as big as dirge soon . 
 then you 'll have real trouble on your hands . '' 
 `` not if it makes her better in the arena , '' eli said . 
 `` hey , i 'm ready , '' squall said , appearing in the doorway . 
 she almost seemed to bend the laws of physics , maneuvering her chair around in such cramped quarters . 
 eli waved a little , shoving one remaining sandwich in his mouth and giving the other to phyre . 
 `` oh , that 's charming , eli , '' squall teased . 
 he thought she might have done something with her hair and she had a necklace on . 
 eli dismissed it as ` something girls did ' . 
 he choked down the sandwich and accepted the knapsack janet handed him with scones , more sandwiches and drinks . 
 `` thank you , '' he muttered again . 
 `` stay , phyre . '' 
 `` be careful , you two ! '' 
 janet called as they headed out . 
 she sounded worried , but squall rolled her eyes . 
 `` she thinks i 'll be kidnapped or mugged without dirge to protect me . '' 
 `` maybe you would , '' eli mused . 
 `` but not while i 'm here . '' 
 she stuck out her tongue at him . 
 they caught the skypath most of the way , their tickets gaining them access through the topside gates in lieu of citizenship cards . 
 as they got closer to taramon arena , eli realized his throat was getting tight . 
 him , at a taramon arena fight . 
 he could scarcely believe it was real . 
 `` hey , '' he said to squall , `` who 's fighting today anyway ? '' 
 `` it 's , umm , lucania and aquillis pike . '' 
 eli blinked . 
 was it his imagination or had squall just blushed ? 
 `` lucania i know of . 
 he 's a champ . 
 who 's the other guy ? '' 
 the tips of squall 's ears were definitely turning pink . 
 `` he 's a rising star . 
 he 'll blow your mind , i promise . 
 he has n't lost a single fight since he hit the professional circuit . 
 i heard he signed up with fiz-a-pop for an advertising deal and everything . 
 soon his face will be all over the city . '' 
 `` squall ? 
 you 're babbling . '' 
 she flushed . 
 `` shut up , i am not ! '' 
 eli rolled his eyes . 
 there were already lots of people around , but squall 's loud proclamations : ` girl in a wheelchair , coming through ! ' 
 were surprisingly effective at getting them seated . 
 eli was n't sure if this was because of the chair or because the ushers just did n't want a crazy person yelling in the foyer . 
 their seats were n't exactly what eli would call front row , in fact the stage was a far distant pool of light , but they were on the first row of a balcony that looked out over the ninety thousand seats that ringed the stage below them . 
 `` this place is huge , '' eli said , helping squall out of her wheelchair , then folding it and leaving it resting against the railing . 
 `` i know , is n't it awesome ? '' 
 she said , eyes shining . 
 below , they could see people streaming in . 
 the seats around them began to fill . 
 there must have been three thousand people on the balcony alone . 
 it took quite a while for the stadium to fill , but eli and squall chatted about their favorite handlers and past fights they 'd seen on the vids , speculating on the outcome of this one while they waited . 
 squall was convinced that aquillis pike would be taking the title . 
 eli looked around and realized the audience was disproportionately female , and like squall , they all looked like they 'd put effort into their appearance . 
 far too many of them were giggling and sporting signs with love hearts . 
 before eli could comment , the lights dimmed . 
 `` and now . '' 
 it was fish green , a notoriously famous announcer from the vids , his trademark accent booming over the speakers . 
 `` it is my honor to present , aquillis pike ! '' 
 chapter thirteen aquillis the heartthrob `` that 's fish green ! '' 
 eli whispered to squall , flushed with excitement . 
 he could n't believe he was really here in taramon arena , listening to the fish green . 
 `` shh , of course it is ! '' 
 squall hissed back . 
 `` here he is , the one you ladies have come to see . 
 fourteen years of age and fifteen victories , '' fish hollered over the speakers , his voice rising and falling like a grifter at a carnival . 
 `` without any losses , aquillis is n't just the under sixteen 's champion , but the undefeated champion in the professional league . 
 rich and single , girls . 
 if you love him , let me hear you scream ! '' 
 eli arched an eyebrow . 
 a professional meka handler , just a year older than he and squall , it was more than a little impressive . 
 as the spotlight lit up the arena , the crowd went wild . 
 eli squinted against the sudden brightness , trying to make out the highlighted figure , but he was too far away . 
 `` i ca n't see him , '' eli protested , having to yell over the roar of the crowd . 
 squall pointed to the screens near the ceiling . 
 it took eli a moment to realize the person on the screen and the person on the stage were the same . 
 his hair was blonde , almost white and his eyes were a vibrant blue , movie star eyes . 
 he was n't smiling though ; instead he looked at the crowd with a sneer that bordered on contempt . 
 everything about him screamed topsider . 
 the clothes he was wearing must have cost more than everything eli had owned in his entire life . 
 eli felt an instant and growing dislike . 
 `` is n't he amazing ? '' 
 squall cooed , eyes on the screen with an expression of open adoration . 
 eli scowled . 
 `` no . 
 i think he looks like a real jerk . '' 
 squall whacked him in the ribs with her elbow . 
 `` he does not ! 
 he 's a brilliant tactician . 
 he 's practically unbeatable . '' 
 `` uh huh . 
 that 's why we 're here . 
 not because he 's a pinup-boy with big blue eyes and perfect teeth . 
 well , i assume he has perfect teeth . 
 has the guy ever smiled ? '' 
 she flushed . 
 `` he smiles . 
 and it 's got nothing to do with how he looks ! 
 i care how he fights . '' 
 `` squall , i 'm the only guy in the crowd for another five rows . '' 
 `` i do n't care about everyone else . 
 my intentions are pure . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` purely romantic . '' 
 she whacked him again , much harder this time and he winced . 
 `` ouch ! 
 sheesh , okay . 
 i get the point . 
 by the force of your elbow , your intentions are pure . '' 
 `` shush , look , here comes his meka . '' 
 eli turned back to the screens as a shadowy form ascended into the arena . 
 it stepped onto the stage , shimmering like diamonds ; a haze of sparkling light . 
 just for a moment , she took eli 's breath away . 
 she looked like a horse with cloven hooves and curved bullhorns , shimmering white , but with a mane and tail that split the light like a prism . 
 `` she 's amazing , '' he muttered . 
 `` he calls her sin . '' 
 sin 's mane and tail were rippling unnaturally slowly , like they were in a high wind , but being filmed in slow motion . 
 `` her mane and tail are ... '' `` fully dexterous , '' squall confirmed . 
 `` she 's fast and those horns are powerful . 
 once she grabs something in that tangle it 's near impossible to escape . '' 
 `` that 's impressive , '' eli said , almost grudgingly . 
 impressive meka aside , he still did n't like this aquillis pike . 
 he was too showy , too pretty , too arrogant . 
 eli was already hoping he would lose . 
 `` and now , '' fish green said , `` the one , the only , lucania ! '' 
 there was a burst of fireworks and a long hiss as a smoke machine filled the stage with a thick haze . 
 after a moment of thick tension , lucania appeared up through the floor , clad in a thick red and purple overcoat . 
 he had the air of a magician or street performer , almost cheesy , but eli had always loved his performances . 
 here was someone eli could cheer for . 
 lucania bowed and flourished and the crowded roared , eli with them , whooping and pumping his fist in the air . 
 stepping off with long sweeping strides , lucania circled the stage , leaning across the barriers to greet his fans and presenting those closest with free tickets and chocolate bars . 
 across the stage , aquillis watched him with poorly concealed distaste . 
 at the cresting peak of the applause , lucania 's meka bounded from the shadowy recesses at the stage gate : a huge canid called thunderpop . 
 he was familiar to eli , who had seen many of lucania 's fights on the news vids . 
 both of his heads snarled , the black jags through his crimson fur standing out starkly in the stage lights . 
 on the high res screens , eli could even see the spittle flying from his long , ivory teeth . 
 a chill ran up eli 's spine . 
 those teeth reminded him of the black meka titan , pursuing him into the darkness of the undercity . 
 he pushed the thought away . 
 this was a good day , he did n't want memories like that ruining it . 
 with a deafening ` gong ' the fight was on and the handlers backed onto their platforms , rising up above the fight with their meka circling below . 
 eli licked his lips . 
 he could smell the ozone from the fireworks , feel the shifting of the audience and the vibration of the speakers through his seat . 
 being here was nothing like watching on the vids . 
 he could even taste his own adrenaline , his eyes locked on the two meka as they sized each other up . 
 sin was a beautiful thing . 
 she was almost more art than meka , so infinitely graceful and pure . 
 even with her warrish bullhorns it was hard for eli to imagine her as a weapon . 
 thunderpop , on the other hand , looked dangerous with his slathering jaws and extreme , red and black fur . 
 not to mention , thunderpop had at least ten years experience on sin . 
 aquillis had n't lost a fight before , but surely this was going to be his downfall . 
 `` i 'm putting my money on lucania , '' eli told squall . 
 `` do you have any money ? '' 
 `` not with me . 
 but if i did , i would . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` aquillis will win . '' 
 `` you 're psychic now ? '' 
 `` it 's simple math . 
 law of averages and all that . '' 
 `` i 'm not quite sure math works like that ... '' the tension in the crowd was building as they waited for someone to make the first move . 
 over the speakers , music with a heavy bass was pumping , the throbbing beat like an excited heartbeat . 
 with a sudden snap , thunderpop broke and lunged , pounding across the arena floor at the shimmering white meka . 
 the loose , flowing tendrils of sin 's mane lanced out , suddenly alive . 
 thunderpop pivoted , and sin found only air as the canid ducked past her hinds , coming up on her far side , both heads snapping . 
 the crowd went wild , everyone was on their feet and yelling . 
 signs rattled dangerously close to eli 's head , but he did n't care , his voice joining the chorus . 
 sin reared back , her mane and tail catching the light in a blinding prism of rainbows . 
 she struck at thunderpop with her cloven hooves , only to be met with rows of ivory teeth and flying drool . 
 her mane and tail whirled toward the canid meka , but he spun out of reach again . 
 breaking her pose , sin galloped after him . 
 they were like dancers , their power and speed so controlled it became ethereal . 
 eli tried to imagine phyre moving like this and could n't . 
 he 'd seen the fights hundreds of times on the vids , but breathing the same air as the combatants , feeling the roar of the crowd vibrating in his chest , there was no comparison . 
 he 'd never wanted anything as much as he wanted this . 
 he 'd never been so awed . 
 already his throat was raw from screaming . 
 thunderpop turned savage , lunging with claws and teeth . 
 his ferocity pushed sin back , her head low , swinging her bull horns to and fro , her mane and tail bristling with serpentine life . 
 eli glanced at lucania . 
 his body was rigid , eyes dancing with tension , hands flicking like he was a magician doing tricks . 
 in comparison , aquillis was still and cold , almost disinterested in the fight . 
 eli even saw him scan the crowd . 
 with no lights on the seats , the audience must have looked like masses of shadows , only the banners standing out from the darkness . 
 eli 's attention snapped back to the meka . 
 thunderpop was avoiding sin 's mane and tail over and over , pushing the white meka back against the edge of the painted ring . 
 without walls , the ring marked the boundary of the arena floor . 
 if either of the meka crossed it , they would be disqualified . 
 sin danced in place , agitated as she found nowhere to go . 
 the crowd was roaring , fish was screaming out his commentary , of which eli only registered snippets . 
 the fight was about to come to a close . 
 eli knew it . 
 he 'd been right . 
 sin was going to lose . 
 thunderpop lunged for a final feint . 
 in a writhing nest of serpentine hair , sin 's mane whipped around to defend her flank and thunderpop dodged easily behind her . 
 her tail lashed to one side and with infinite , controlled grace her delicate hooves struck . 
 there was a crack and sin settled , standing serenely as if she had not moved at all . 
 thunderpop , thrown from the arena by the force of the blow , was crumpled and unmoving . 
 blue blood formed a pool around his heads . 
 then eli was on his feet again , roaring , as the bellow of the crowd swelled impossibly loud . 
 mekamedics were going to thunderpop 's aid and sin and aquillis were moving to the center of the arena , champions again . 
 squall tugged on eli 's arm and he thought she mouthed ` i told you so ' but he could n't hear her . 
 in truth , the victory sickened eli a little . 
 the way thunderpop had fallen so suddenly , so unexpectedly , caused his gut to twist in a way good old-fashioned human blood could not . 
 but thunderpop was getting to his feet again , still capable of walking and eli knew he would be okay . 
 `` what a fight , people , what a fight ! '' 
 fish exclaimed . 
 `` two of our heavyweight champions have clashed and once again aquillis pike sweeps the stage clear of all competition . 
 he 's still single , ladies , and what a looker ! '' 
 eli rolled his eyes . 
 `` can we go ? '' 
 he asked squall . 
 around them the rest of the crowd were starting to rise and mill around . 
 `` come on , '' squall said with a chuckle . 
 eli moved her wheelchair closer and she hoisted herself into the seat , leading the way , not with the flow of the exiting crowd , but down a darkened corridor . 
 `` squall , where are you going ? 
 this is the wrong way . '' 
 `` well , '' she flashed him a toothy grin . 
 `` that very much depends where you think i 'm trying to go . '' 
 `` out ? '' 
 he suggested . 
 the corridor ended in a locked door and he sighed . 
 `` well , that was fun . '' 
 `` oh shush , '' squall chided , slipping a hack-key from under the seat of her chair . 
 eli 's eyes widened . 
 `` where did you get that ? '' 
 `` secret . '' 
 she slid it into the lock , waiting while the tiny screen flickered , battling the virus in the card . 
 squall frowned . 
 the keys only worked once , and if they did n't take right away they were ruined . 
 the cards contained a flash virus that should have disabled the locking mechanism , just for a second , before erasing themselves to save the virus being captured and rendered null by the security company . 
 `` i think it failed , '' eli said , but then there was a click and the screen flashed green . 
 squall grinned , pushing the door open before the security system had time to reassert . 
 `` we 're going to get caught , '' eli warned , following her through . 
 the door clicked closed behind them . 
 `` you can say we 're lost and i 'll cry . '' 
 `` you think crying will get you out of everything . '' 
 `` it 's very effective . '' 
 eli grinned despite himself . 
 backstage was a maze of twisting dark corridors . 
 it was so dark that sometimes eli had to put his hand on the wall and walk toward distant points of light . 
 he bumped into squall 's wheelchair more than once . 
 she , however , moved forward with surprising confidence , eagerness driving out any sense of caution . 
 after ten minutes of what felt like aimless wandering , squall pulled up short . 
 `` there , '' she whispered . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 `` no - '' she cut him off with a wave of her hand , heading for a door that was slightly ajar and spilling pink light out into the corridor . 
 as they got closer , eli could hear voices . 
 some older men , fish green and a musical , airy tone that could only be aquillis pike . 
 chapter fourteen the challenge aquillis was being congratulated on his win by a small group , who were all being filmed by a man from the channel three news vid . 
 eli recognized two of the judges -- a man and a woman -- by their official name tags and fish green by his lurid , almost blinding , outfit . 
 the others , eli assumed , were aquillis ' manager and perhaps the owner of taramon arena . 
 aquillis was laughing good-naturedly about something fish said . 
 in the patchy backstage light , he looked even more devilishly attractive than he had on stage . 
 eli was just glad squall was sitting , so he was n't obliged to catch her if she started to swoon . 
 `` there , '' eli muttered , peering around the door . 
 `` we 've seen him . 
 now can we go before we get arrested ? '' 
 squall grinned up at him . 
 `` do n't be silly . 
 you do n't think i came all this way not to talk to him , do you ? '' 
 `` well , yes . 
 squall ! '' 
 but it was too late ; she 'd already rolled herself out into the open , catching the attention of aquillis and his little group of admirers . 
 eli swallowed , considered just abandoning her there , then gritted his teeth and trailed after her , trying to blend in with the wall . 
 `` hi , '' she said brightly . 
 `` we 're lost . '' 
 eli felt a momentary despair at squall 's notion she could just ` cute ' her way out of anything . 
 fish blinked . 
 `` really lost . '' 
 `` yeah , no kidding , '' aquillis muttered , not in the least bit fooled . 
 `` hey , '' squall said . 
 `` you 're aquillis pike , are n't you ? 
 i 'm a huge fan . 
 i almost thought lucania had you today . '' 
 aquillis sneered . 
 `` if you thought i was going to lose , then you are n't much of a fan , are you ? '' 
 squall blinked . 
 `` but , i - '' `` maybe , '' aquillis continued , `` you should run along and get ` unlost ' . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 eli stepped forward , putting his hands on the back of squall 's wheelchair . 
 he was dimly aware the man with the camera was zooming in on him . 
 `` what is this ? 
 big-stupid-jerks-r-us ? 
 is this how you talk to all your fans ? '' 
 `` look , kid , i 'm in this for the fighting and the meka . 
 all these fan-girls with their signs , lip gloss and stars in their eyes are , '' his eyes flickered down to squall , `` annoying . '' 
 eli lunged forward , but squall grabbed his wrist and left him bristling at the end of her tether , fists balled . 
 `` you 're a coward , '' eli snarled , `` squall 's twice the handler you are . 
 you and your best friend could n't take squall and i in the arena ! 
 or do n't topsiders have friends ? '' 
 aquillis looked amused , eyes scrolling eli up and down . 
 `` you two have a team ? 
 tell me , how does a kid from the rim get the money to raise a meka these days ? '' 
 `` cleaning the cobwebs out of your mother 's - ! '' 
 squall jerked him back . 
 `` eli ! '' 
 `` i 'll tell you what , '' aquillis said . 
 `` before you two fell in here and interrupted me , i was going to make an announcement . 
 pike enterprises is running a competition for charity and the winner gets to fight sin and i in a televised event . 
 teams are welcome . 
 i 'm not afraid of a little challenge . 
 and , in your case , it 'll be a very ` little challenge ' . 
 why do n't you keep an eye out for the competition entry forms ? 
 you can enter as many times as you like , the entry forms are in boxes of pike 's salty snacks . 
 but you can only enter if you have a citizenship card . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` that 's not going to be a problem is it ? '' 
 eli narrowed his eyes . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 `` good , well , i hope i see you there . '' 
 eli grabbed the back of squall 's chair , turning her and wheeling her out , ignoring her furious protests . 
 if he 'd stayed another second he was going to wipe that arrogant smirk off aquillis ' face with his fist . 
 `` that guy was a huge jerk ! '' 
 eli exclaimed when they were far enough away not to be heard . 
 squall had fallen silent and only now did he realize she was almost in tears . 
 he stopped and crouched down beside her . 
 `` hey . 
 do n't be sad . 
 it 's not worth being miserable over a guy like that . 
 sheesh . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' she said and tried to smile . 
 it was a dismal attempt . 
 he sighed . 
 `` we 're going to win that competition and fight that mongrel and show him how much of a loser he is , okay ? '' 
 `` eli , we do n't have the money to buy endless boxes of pike 's salty snacks . '' 
 `` what are pike 's salty snacks ? '' 
 `` noodles , chips ; there 's a whole range . 
 his father owns the company . '' 
 he looked into her sad eyes and felt another wave of anger toward aquillis . 
 `` hey , '' he said , `` i 'll find a way . 
 you just wait . '' 
 `` you 'll need a backer . '' 
 `` a backer ? '' 
 `` someone with a blue level citizenship card who can sponsor you . 
 you 'll get a card of your own and be able to compete legally . '' 
 `` yeah , i guess i 'll get one of those then . 
 a backer . '' 
 squall 's expression broke into a watery grin . 
 `` i think i know just who we should ask . '' 
 squall gave eli directions to a topside address , and the next day he found himself hiking through the topside streets , dodging militia patrols and dangerously close to getting lost . 
 it had been particularly difficult to get here , given the high levels of security in the area . 
 eli had n't ever ventured into parts of the topside like this before and it made him nervous . 
 the address he was looking for was a huge , towering apartment block with blue frosted glass that made it look like a spear of ice , hundreds of stories tall . 
 and still it dwarfed in comparison to the nearby zenith biosphere . 
 walking through the foyer , eli had never felt so out of place in his life . 
 the paintings , the fixtures , the exotic pot plants . 
 all of them were worth more than eli cared to imagine . 
 he was almost afraid to walk across the floor ; lest he scuff it and someone demand he pay to have it replaced . 
 certain the woman at reception was going to throw him out , he stepped up to the counter . 
 `` i 'm here to see viscountess aeryn vayne the eighth , '' he said quietly . 
 the receptionist eyed him . 
 `` is she expecting you ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm ... eli . '' 
 the receptionist paused , giving him a fisheye-stare , then she pressed a button on the com . 
 `` viscountess aeryn ? 
 a young man here for you . 
 he says his name is eli . '' 
 for one painfully long moment , there was silence , then a husky female voice responded . 
 `` send him up please , macelle . '' 
 the receptionist gestured to the elevator . 
 `` one hundred and ninety fifth floor . '' 
 `` t-thank you , '' eli said hurriedly , finding his way into the elevator and quickly punching in the floor number . 
 the ride was almost instantaneous and the doors opened into an orange blossom-scented living room . 
 eli swallowed , glancing around the garish topside decor . 
 so many colors , all in a riot of pattern , like a paint store threw up . 
 then , in the middle of it all , the viscountess herself . 
 squall had n't told him much . 
 only that viscountess aeryn vayne the eighth was a backer and a meka handler agent , seeking out talented beginners and arranging fights for them , while claiming a portion of their winnings in payment . 
 despite his minimal expectations , viscountess aeryn vayne the eighth was not even remotely like what eli had imagined . 
 squall had told him the use of the title ` viscountess ' was some pretentious reference to a bygone era , but eli had been under the impression that viscountess aeryn would be old , as squall had said she was retired and backing was just a hobby of hers . 
 however face to face with her , eli found it near impossible to imagine she 'd worked a single day in her life . 
 `` please sit , '' she purred , motioning to a chair across from where she was reclined , propped up by innumerable , tiny cushions . 
 she had masses of long , straight black hair , pouty , crimson lips and vibrant purple eyes , ringed with alarmingly long eyelashes . 
 she was thin and beautiful and probably somewhere in her late twenties , though judging her true age was near impossible . 
 her meka was stretched across the back of the love seat . 
 she was white and pink with luscious , soft-looking fur , four little legs , huge green eyes and an excessively long tail , which was draped across viscountess aeryn 's shoulders like a fur wrap . 
 the meka blinked owlishly at him , then flicked out a luminescent purple tongue , forked like a snake 's . 
 `` thank you for seeing me , '' eli said , nearly awed into incoherence . 
 `` the pleasure is all mine , '' viscountess aeryn said . 
 she indicated the creature at her shoulder . 
 `` and sugarball 's . '' 
 eli waited for her to say more , feeling awkward , but she just continued to study him . 
 `` i think i , '' he hesitated . 
 `` i 'm looking for a sponsor . '' 
 `` yes i know , '' she cooed . 
 `` i saw you on the news vid with aquillis pike . '' 
 he waited again , then gave an exasperated sigh . 
 `` i think i may be in the wrong place . 
 i think , '' he fixed her with a steady look , `` you 're wasting my time . '' 
 she smiled and rose gracefully to her feet . 
 `` would you really just walk out ? '' 
 she asked , crossing to the window -- sugarball 's tail stayed on her shoulder , stretching to thirteen feet long now . 
 `` i. . . 
 your meka ... uh , yes . 
 i would walk out . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'm not interested in handlers who do n't stand up for themselves , '' she turned to meet his gaze again . 
 `` i do n't like being tested , '' he said irritated . 
 `` you 're asking me to spend money on your behalf and vouch for you . 
 you must have expected some kind of test . '' 
 eli chewed his lip , pride warring with need . 
 finally he stood up and ventured a little closer . 
 the view from the window was stunning viscountess aeryn 's window looked right out over the rift and beyond to the rim , then the desert which arced away endlessly until it gave way to empty sky . 
 the rift was a gaping , blighted fracture in the golden crust of the topside . 
 a decade ago a huge earthquake had killed millions as a huge wedge of the city collapsed on itself . 
 a huge , lumpy makeshift wall had been constructed after the quake and it still stood , an awkward but still effective barrier between the rift and the topside proper . 
 these days the rift was a different kind of shanty town with rope bridges criss-crossing across the void , linking makeshift streets and homes clinging to the sheer walls of rubble . 
 `` wow , '' he muttered , momentarily forgetting where he was . 
 `` do you want this , eli ? '' 
 `` this ? '' 
 `` a view , a nice house . 
 to live on the topside like a star ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you know why i offer to back people like you , eli ? 
 people who come from nowhere ? 
 people who are unimportant ? '' 
 he bristled , biting back a sharp comeback and replied through gritted teeth . 
 `` no , i really do n't . '' 
 `` because you want it . 
 you want it more than anyone who was born here could ever want it . 
 i think you might even kill for it . '' 
 she turned to face him . 
 `` it 's not enough to want fame and fortune . 
 it 's the need to escape that gives handlers the edge in the arena . 
 or anywhere else . 
 not everyone from the rim has it , but i think you might . '' 
 `` you think i 'm so ashamed of who i am , i 'll win fights for you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 eli hesitated a long moment , remembering the smug look on aquillis ' face , and the sad one on squall 's . 
 then he met viscountess aeryn 's gaze . 
 `` i guess we 're in business then . 
 you 'll get me a citizenship card ? '' 
 she nodded and offered him her hand . 
 he shook it . 
 `` you said you saw the news vid , '' eli said . 
 the idea that most of the city had seen the altercation twisted his gut . 
 `` i do n't suppose you know how squall and i could win the competition ? '' 
 she smiled , an expression that made eli distinctly uncomfortable . 
 `` i will take care of it . 
 after your fifteen seconds of fame , it would be a shame if you did n't get another fifteen seconds in the arena . 
 besides , people do love the underdog . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` you may go , eli . 
 i will have the paperwork sent to you . 
 along with some other things . '' 
 `` you , uh , do n't know my address . '' 
 `` of course i do , '' she glanced at him , then back at the view . 
 `` you really must learn to have a little faith , eli . '' 
 he blinked , then nodded , backing out toward the elevator , all the while feeling like he was escaping the den of some mythical monster . 
 chapter fifteen crackers eli 's single room was so full of boxes of pike 's salty snacks there was no longer any space for him and phyre inside at all . 
 they were even stacked all the way to the ceiling in the bathroom . 
 so , he was sitting on the step at the front door , squall , dirge and phyre all squeezed into the narrow alleyway with him . 
 `` where did you hear of viscountess aeryn vayne the eighth anyway ? '' 
 he asked squall , opening a packet , pouring the crackers into phyre 's mouth and placing the empty wrapper in a box . 
 `` lots of people know about her . 
 she 's famous for taking chances on long shots , '' squall said , doing exactly the same with dirge . 
 both meka were crunching happily , drool and flecks of cracker on their chins . 
 `` i think she might be just about as crazy as you , '' eli said . 
 squall grinned . 
 `` well , you are a long shot . 
 maybe she and i are just good at spotting potential . '' 
 eli rolled his eyes , then glanced at phyre . 
 `` are you sure this is good for them ? '' 
 `` meka have fast metabolisms . 
 they 'll store the energy or grow . 
 they can eat an awful lot before they get sick . '' 
 `` good . 
 we have an awful lot of crackers to get through . '' 
 `` look on the bright side . 
 when we enter all these barcodes we have to win . '' 
 `` i think that 's viscountess aeryn 's plan . '' 
 `` i approve . 
 besides , now you do n't have to worry about going hungry . '' 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 i 'm sick of these things already . '' 
 squall laughed . 
 `` let me see your citizenship card . '' 
 eli offered it to her . 
 it had arrived with the crackers . 
 much of the information on it was fabricated . 
 viscountess aeryn had given him a fake birthday and last name , but in retrospect eli wished he 'd given his own specifications for what those should be . 
 it was weird , having someone else choose your birthday and identity . 
 not that eli could have given any more accurate details , but he 'd always thought things like that were unimportant . 
 where had he come from ? 
 who were his parents ? 
 how old was he , really ? 
 there were lots of people on the rim with no idea , but now he lived in the blueline , he was the odd one out . 
 he supposed , whatever had happened , he had n't been wanted , so there was no point digging into the reasons why . 
 but , sometimes , deep down , he wished he knew the truth . 
 `` eli storm ? '' 
 squall giggled . 
 eli snatched back the card . 
 `` quit it . 
 it 's just what she put on the card . 
 it does n't mean anything . 
 it 's not my name . '' 
 `` she listed january the first as your birthday , i see . '' 
 `` it 'll do , '' eli said grudgingly . 
 `` makes me thirteen , that 's about right . '' 
 `` eli storm , '' squall said again , then buried her face in her hands to laugh some more . 
 eli walloped her with an unopened bag of salty snacks . 
 `` are you going to get over that any time soon ? '' 
 `` not likely . '' 
 `` explain the citizenship ranks again ? '' 
 eli said , eyeing his card and the orange bar down the side . 
 `` you have orange level citizenship , like me , '' squall said . 
 `` the lowest is yellow and anyone with yellow level citizenship ca n't get access to the topside at all , so that 's no use to us . 
 orange will get you temporary access to the topside . 
 it 's like a day pass . 
 some areas of the topside might be restricted to us . 
 i do n't think they 'd just let us walk into the zenith biosphere with this . 
 the next level is red -- that means you live on the blueline , but maybe you work somewhere on the topside or have clearance to go into the areas orange level cardholders ca n't get . 
 blue level citizenship -- which is what viscountess aeryn has , means you can live on the topside . 
 purple means you live somewhere like the zenith biosphere and silver is the highest . 
 that 's for , well , you know . 
 whoever runs the city . 
 really , really , really important people . '' 
 she made a vague gesture that indicated the upper level citizenship . 
 apparently the city 's governing powers were somewhat of a mystery to her too . 
 `` and then there 's black , '' eli said , a little darkly . 
 squall looked uneasy . 
 `` yeah , well , obviously . 
 all the militia has black level citizenship , but that does n't mean anything to us . '' 
 she changed the subject quickly : `` okay , so the competition is drawn in seven days . 
 that means we have to get through all these crackers and find time to train . 
 then we 'll have another three days before the actual match , which is going to be televised live on three channels . 
 so , pretty much everyone in the city is going to see it . 
 do you think we 're ready for this ? '' 
 eli looked at phyre , mouth open for another packet . 
 she was getting big , but she still was n't any match for sin . 
 the white meka was too quick , too experienced . 
 eli licked his lips . 
 `` oh , yeah , totally ready . '' 
 `` was that sarcasm ? 
 you 're not helping , you know , '' she said flatly . 
 eli sighed . 
 `` the guy is a huge jerk . 
 i just want ... i want to see the stupid look on his face when we kick his tail from here to the outer rim . '' 
 squall gave him a bemused look . 
 `` it 's pretty unlikely he 's going to gain a whole new respect for us and decide he wants to be friends , is n't it ? '' 
 `` squall , '' eli said exasperated . 
 `` at least tell me you took down his posters off your - '' a shadow passed over the entrance to the alleyway and phyre looked up , sniffing the air intently . 
 eli could feel her tension shudder through his mind , kicking his own adrenal glands into overdrive . 
 : : nasty man . 
 : : `` eli , what is it ? '' 
 squall asked , concerned . 
 `` shhh , '' he held up a hand for her to be silent and rose to his feet to peer down the alleyway . 
 there was no one . 
 just the concresteel framing the street , busy with passers-by and the neon lights of the blueline . 
 he sat again . 
 phyre was still alert , but she could n't sense kalex anymore . 
 `` it was ... '' eli trailed off and shook himself . 
 `` nothing . 
 some guy who 's been giving me trouble . '' 
 `` what kind of trouble ? '' 
 `` minor trouble , '' he said , giving her a look that indicated her queries were unwelcome . 
 squall gave him a hard look , but then shrugged and changed the subject to training methods . 
 eli joined the discussion half-heartedly . 
 his thoughts were still on the shadow . 
 had it really been kalex ? 
 had he managed to track them here ? 
 and if he had , what would he do next ? 
 eli thought he could look after himself , but what if kalex went after squall when she was on her way home ? 
 she had dirge with her and unlike eli , she always stayed on the main roads . 
 empty staircases were n't really an option for her . 
 however the black meka kalex had set on eli had been bigger than dirge . 
 would kalex dare attack out in the open , where everyone could see ? 
 who knew what kalex was capable of . 
 or what he would do next . 
 one hundred and eighty-five bulk boxes of pike 's salty snacks and seven days later , eli and squall were in the topside , phyre and dirge ambling along in their wake . 
 `` it 's so pretty up here , '' squall said . 
 eli looked around at the wide , clean , empty streets and felt unsettled . 
 `` if you say so . 
 where are all the people ? 
 that 's what i want to know . '' 
 `` there 's people right there ! '' 
 squall pointed out a couple coming out of a fashion boutique . 
 `` just because they are n't walking so close we can smell their breath . '' 
 `` there 's so many people in the blueline and so few up here , '' eli grumbled . 
 `` you think they could , you know ... '' `` distribute them more evenly ? '' 
 squall queried with a laugh . 
 `` yes . 
 exactly . '' 
 a pair of militia hovers glided into view . 
 the officer 's dark visors made them ageless and genderless . 
 with their thick boots and slick grey vests , they looked like faceless robots . 
 one of them tilted their head as they passed , the slick , blank mask focusing on eli and squall . 
 eli 's heart pounded in his chest , but the hover bikes did n't slow , they just ghosted along the street until they were out of sight . 
 eli clutched his new citizenship card in his pocket anyway . 
 he had a right to be here now . 
 it did n't matter if they militia stopped them , because he had citizenship . 
 of course , he did n't think it mattered who you were , or what color the band was on your citizenship card . 
 unless it was black , there was always a chance you might just vanish when the militia was involved . 
 the militia were n't the only curious ones though . 
 regular people stared at eli and squall as they passed ; however eli was n't sure if they were staring at their clothes or the meka wandering along behind them . 
 seven days and near endless food had doubled phyre 's size again . 
 she was almost as big as dirge now , though not nearly as heavy . 
 for the past week , eli and squall had been pitting them against one another in mock battles and phyre had shown increasing prowess with her flying . 
 eli thought soon she would be able to carry around weights , but not quite yet . 
 `` it 's that one , is n't it ? '' 
 squall asked , pointing out the huge iceberg-like entrance to viscountess aeryn 's building . 
 `` that 's the one , '' eli agreed . 
 they stepped in , and once again eli felt as if the opulence was pressing in on him . 
 squall , on the other hand , seemed pleasantly awed . 
 the lady at the reception -- had her name been macelle ? 
 -- waved them toward the elevator . 
 eli had expected some resistance to the presence of such large meka , but perhaps viscountess aeryn often had her prodigies bringing exotic wildlife through . 
 it took some shoving and arranging to fit the four of them into one elevator , but they managed eventually . 
 eli punched in the floor number and then they were whizzing upward . 
 when the door opened , eli stumbled forward and tripped , landing on his knees , courtesy of phyre 's tail in his back . 
 viscountess aeryn 's living room was as eli had left it . 
 too colorful , uncomfortably luxuriant and with a spectacular view of the city , the rift , and far beyond the red and blue expanse of the desert and sky . 
 the viscountess herself was once again reclining , though she rose gracefully to greet them as the elevator doors opened . 
 her meka 's tail was looped around her waist today , and eli goggled as it extended again ; over twenty feet this time . 
 `` hello eli , '' she said , offering him her hand to pull him up . 
 then she turned her attention to squall . 
 `` and this must be squall , dirge and phyre . 
 you may call me aeryn and this is sugarball . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , '' squall said cheerily , shaking the older woman 's hand . 
 `` wow , that 's some view ! '' 
 `` is n't it ? '' 
 viscountess aeryn mused . 
 `` i was fortunate to get a room facing the rift . 
 if i had n't that glorious horizon would be blocked by buildings . '' 
 eli looked down across the ruined wedge of city and felt distinctly uncomfortable that someone should benefit from a ` good view ' when all those people had suffered and died . 
 the earthquake that had created it had been a long time ago now -- ten years perhaps -- eli had been too young to remember it explicitly , but the city had held onto the sorrow of that loss . 
 the hundreds of thousands that had been buried in the rubble . 
 most of the bodies were never recovered and they said you only had to dig a few feet in any direction in the heart of the rift to bring up human remains . 
 it was a massive shanty town now , but it was also a mass grave . 
 `` so , '' viscountess aeryn asked , stroking phyre under her jaw . 
 `` did you manage to send in all the barcodes ? '' 
 eli pulled a face . 
 `` i hope i never see another pike 's salty snack in my life ! 
 but yes , they all went in . '' 
 `` well then , you 'll have a hard time not winning , wo n't you ? '' 
 she purred . 
 `` and all those crackers let phyre do a lot of growing , '' squall pointed out . 
 `` she 'd have to be at least as big as a skypath carriage to be any good against sin , '' eli said . 
 squall poked him . 
 `` stop being gloomy . '' 
 viscountess aeryn fished for a remote , seating herself on her love seat again and motioning eli and squall to make themselves comfortable . 
 across the room , a large framed picture shimmered and became a vid screen showing tally tamon in a lilac-and-cream colored dress . 
 `` - today , and we have aquillis pike and a pike 's salty snacks representative here in the studio with us to draw the winning entry . 
 the prize -- for those of you who do n't know already -- is a chance to battle aquillis pike and his meka sin in taramon arena , with all proceeds from the event going to charity . '' 
 the camera panned to aquillis and the pike 's salty snacks representative . 
 she was so heavily modded she looked more like a mascot in a costume than a real person . 
 her skin was purple and she had feline ear implants , a long bushy implant tail and neon pink hair . 
 her outfit comprised largely of buckles and straps , though eli thought it was conservative compared to some of the clothes he 'd seen in the topside boutiques on their way in that morning . 
 -lrb- `` bubbles are not fashion , '' squall had said , disgusted . 
 `` they 're just what 's left in the sink when the dishes are done . '' -rrb- 
 `` hello , ya 'll ! '' 
 the mascot burbled , bouncing around in a manner that was indicative of an imminent costume failure . 
 aquillis waved at the camera , once again looking bored , his ultra blue eyes catching in the studio lights and flashing like sapphires . 
 `` i bet they 're implants , '' eli muttered . 
 both women glanced at him . 
 `` beg pardon ? '' 
 viscountess aeryn asked . 
 `` his eyes , '' eli clarified . 
 `` i bet they 're implants . '' 
 squall scoffed . 
 `` are not . '' 
 on screen , tally tamon addressed aquillis . 
 `` last week , after your victory against lucania , you and a fan had a little altercation . 
 we have footage from that right here . 
 mind if we show it again ? '' 
 aquillis shrugged . 
 `` if you want . '' 
 eli cringed as the image changed , and he could see himself and squall , facing off with aquillis . 
 aquillis looked so poised and vicious and eli just looked like a kid from the rim . 
 `` you 're nothing but a coward . 
 squall 's twice the handler you are . 
 you and your best friend could n't take squall and i in the arena ! 
 but i suppose it 's easy to act like you 're top dog when you only fight people you know you can beat . '' 
 `` before you two fell in here and interrupted me , i was about to make an announcement . 
 pike enterprises is running a competition for charity . 
 a competition that gives amateur meka handlers a chance to fight sin and i in a televised event . 
 `` you can enter as many times as you like , the entry forms are in boxes of pike 's salty snacks , but you can only enter if you have a citizenship card . 
 that 's not going to be a problem is it ? '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 `` good , well , i hope i see you there . '' 
 squall scoffed . 
 `` they edited out , like , half of that ! 
 that 's not what was said at all . '' 
 `` you ca n't expect the truth on the news vids , '' viscountess aeryn said , amused . 
 `` then what are they good for ? '' 
 eli muttered . 
 `` well , '' squall said darkly . 
 `` they did a pretty good job of making us look bad . '' 
 the image on screen returned to aquillis and the mascot . 
 he looked slightly annoyed now , despite the fact the edited footage made him look like the good guy . 
 `` angry words were said , '' tally tamon said . 
 `` are you still hoping to face off with those fans next week ? '' 
 `` it does n't matter who wins the competition , '' aquillis said . 
 `` i 'll beat them in the arena . 
 it 's all going to be much the same to me . '' 
 eli balled his fists . 
 `` oh we better win . 
 and never mind the meka , i want to smack this guy in the mouth with my own fist . '' 
 squall rolled her eyes . 
 `` oh , that 'd look even better on the news . 
 can we not do that ? '' 
 `` all right , aquillis , '' tally tamon said . 
 `` well i think it 's time for you to open the envelope and tell us who has won the big prize . 
 will it be the angry fan ? '' 
 aquillis held up the envelope , then offered it to the mascot . 
 `` here . 
 you can do it , '' he said , as if it was just too boring for him to be bothered . 
 she squealed with excitement , bouncing up and down with alarming enthusiasm . 
 `` really , me ? '' 
 `` yeah , go right ahead , '' aquillis said . 
 `` wow ! 
 this is so exciting ! '' 
 she snatched the envelope and ripped it open . 
 `` and the winner is eli storm and spaul owens . '' 
 aquillis leaned over to read it with a frown . 
 `` that 's a q , sweetheart . 
 eli storm and squall owens . '' 
 `` whooo ! '' 
 squall hollered , waving her arms back and forth and startling phyre , who promptly knocked over a small table . 
 `` we won ! 
 we won ! '' 
 eli grinned . 
 `` well , we pretty much had to with all those entries we sent in . '' 
 `` whoo ! 
 we 're going to kick his butt on live tv ! '' 
 squall exclaimed . 
 on screen , aquillis looked straight into the camera lens . 
 `` i guess i will be seeing you both after all , '' he said darkly . 
 chapter sixteen my wall , my posterboy the news crew arrived before they could pour celebratory drinks . 
 before responding to macelle and giving the go ahead for the crew to come upstairs , viscountess aeryn organized the room , seating eli on the end of the couch beside squall . 
 eli did n't see the point in all this , but she insisted it was necessary ` framing ' for when they were on screen . 
 her meka settled on the back of the couch , watching eli with its huge eyes . 
 it made him distinctly uncomfortable . 
 `` welcome , '' viscountess aeryn said as the elevator doors opened , ushering the crew in as if she had invited them . 
 `` we were just in the middle of celebrating . '' 
 the crew consisted of a blonde woman who was clearly the reporter , though not nearly as pretty as tally tamon , a female gaffer with yifi glasses and a camera man with lurid blue hair . 
 viscountess aeryn sat beside eli on the couch in a very precise languid sprawl . 
 eli was impressed by how elegant she looked -- or , how much more elegant she looked -- as if it were a skill she could turn up and down like the volume on a vid screen . 
 `` i 'm alice mizzen . 
 and we 'd love to do an interview , if that 's okay , '' the blonde woman said , motioning for the other two to set up . 
 `` of course , '' viscountess aeryn said . 
 `` anything for channel eight . '' 
 `` three . '' 
 `` three , '' she recovered smoothly . 
 alice rolled her eyes , then held up her hand and counted down with her fingers . 
 three , two , one . 
 `` and we 're here with the winners of the pike 's salty snacks competition , squall owens and eli storm . 
 how does it feel to win , guys ? '' 
 `` well , '' viscountess aeryn said , before eli or squall could reply . 
 `` of course we 're terribly excited . 
 the team has been training hard for an opportunity like this . '' 
 `` and what do you think your chances of winning are ? '' 
 alice asked , eyes on eli and squall . 
 viscountess aeryn cut them off again . 
 `` anything can happen . 
 we 're thinking positive and even if we do n't win , it will be an incredible experience . '' 
 eli gave squall a look , arching an eyebrow , and she smirked in response . 
 `` so , kids , '' alice said . 
 `` anything you 'd like to say to aquillis pike before the competition . '' 
 eli waited a moment , expecting viscountess aeryn to interrupt again , but she was silent and squall poked him . 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` bring it . '' 
 `` that 's great , '' alice said . 
 `` can we get some shots of the meka ? '' 
 eli summoned phyre from behind the couch , murmuring for her to stretch her wings and tail . 
 squall gave dirge his instructions telepathically and eli felt a flush of jealously at the tightness of their bond . 
 side by side , the meka were an imposing pair . 
 and beautiful , dirge with the shifting rainbow along the edge of his stripes and phyre with her gleaming gold and crimson scales , as soft as snakeskin . 
 they were both large enough to be considered serious contenders in the professional arenas now . 
 the camera crew got a range of shots : their teeth , their eyes , their heavy claws and close ups of the patterns on their fur or scales . 
 then , much sooner than eli had anticipated , the crew said their goodbyes . 
 when the elevator doors were closed , and they were alone again , eli turned to viscountess aeryn . 
 `` you know , i think they wanted us to answer those questions . '' 
 she laughed ; a tinkling , trilling sound . 
 `` probably , yes . 
 but we could n't risk you giving the wrong answers . '' 
 `` there are wrong answers ? '' 
 squall asked . 
 `` naturally . 
 this is going to be on the news . 
 millions of people are going to see you and your meka . 
 and some of those millions of people will be fight organizers and arena managers . 
 you ca n't buy this kind of publicity ; why do you think i brought you all those boxes of salty snacks ? 
 this could be the boost your careers need . '' 
 squall laughed . 
 `` we were n't even thinking of it like that . '' 
 eli shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 we just wanted to get back at that creep aquillis . '' 
 `` lucky you have me then , '' viscountess aeryn mused . 
 `` it 's tomorrow , '' eli moaned . 
 he was sitting at the table in squall 's kitchen , and the scent of baking bread was filling the house . 
 he and squall had been training nonstop and eli was tired and sore . 
 they only had one night and half a day to rest before the fight , but eli was certain they had n't done enough . 
 `` we 're going to look like idiots in front of millions of people . '' 
 squall slid a plate of sandwiches closer to him . 
 `` eat . 
 and no we 're not . 
 people lose to aquillis all the time and they do n't look like idiots . 
 you do n't think lucania is an idiot do you ? '' 
 `` okay , no . 
 but i do n't want to lose . '' 
 `` we 've done everything we can . 
 phyre 's huge compared to a week ago and she and dirge are working well together . 
 you need to go home , shower , sleep and rest until the fight . 
 is viscountess aeryn coming ? '' 
 `` she 's meeting us at the taramon arena , '' eli said . 
 `` i think she was right . 
 i think we are lucky to have her . '' 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 i need all the crazy women around i can get . '' 
 squall grinned . 
 `` go home . 
 take those sandwiches . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 eli did not sleep well . 
 he tossed and turned all night , always coming up against phyre 's solid bulk beside him . 
 by morning he felt less rested than when he 'd gone to bed . 
 he had breakfast with phyre , petted her , massaged the places that were still sore from their training , then finally fell asleep curled against her chest and belly , only to be woken up by squall after lunch . 
 `` i bet you have n't eaten , '' she said as he opened the door , handing him a packed lunch . 
 `` my mother says it 's a wonder you do n't starve to death . '' 
 `` it 's a wonder you fit through doors . 
 you must have a metabolism like a meka , '' he teased back . 
 `` have you been taking your d-caps ? '' 
 squall asked . 
 `` d-caps are a waste of money , '' eli muttered . 
 `` you live in the blueline now , '' she scolded . 
 `` it 's not like on the rim where you 're in the sun all the time . 
 you 're going to get fatigued without it . '' 
 eli frowned . 
 `` do the meka need vitamin d ? '' 
 `` no . 
 meka can manufacture most vitamins on their own . 
 just like our bodies can make protein and stuff . '' 
 `` phyre likes to go out to the rim and fly anyway . 
 i think i 'll get my vitamin d the old fashioned way . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` eat your sandwich . '' 
 eli ate on the skypath , almost sick with excitement . 
 both of the meka were restless too , which did not make for pleasant exchanges with the other passengers in the carriage . 
 finally they reached the station closest to the taramon arena and stepped off , showing their citizenship cards and heading toward the stadium . 
 `` are your parents going to be here ? '' 
 eli asked . 
 `` of course . 
 viscountess aeryn sent us free tickets . '' 
 squall paused a moment , then tentatively asked . 
 `` is there someone you wanted to come and see you fight ? '' 
 eli thought of apple , but shook his head . 
 `` only you . '' 
 he wondered briefly if apple would be watching , back in the rim , under the tarp in dunx 's humpy . 
 would the rest of the red hollows be there ? 
 they must have seen the footage of the prize draw and the interview he 'd done with channel three . 
 would they be cheering for him ? 
 or would they not even care ? 
 part of him wanted to be there , rubbing their faces in it . 
 part of him just desperately hoped they did care enough to watch . 
 he 'd never know though , either way . 
 there were already people gathering on the street waiting to get in . 
 eli remembered how long it had taken for the audience to be settled last time he was here . 
 he wondered how long he and squall would be trapped in the crowd , waiting to say they 'd arrived . 
 thankfully , with their meka tagging along , security quickly recognized them and took them through a side door to the green room . 
 a woman with black hair and pale purple skin was waiting for them and eli wondered if he was ever going to get used to the topside modifications . 
 `` hi , you must be squall and eli . 
 i 'm ami , the backstage coordinator . 
 i 'll be directing you through the fight , making sure you 're ready and always in the right place , okay ? '' 
 she asked cheerily . 
 `` sure , '' squall said , looking around , more interested in the decor . 
 there were puffy green couches , food , drinks and a big screen on the wall that showed a live feed of the stadium . 
 they could see the empty stage and beyond that , the first trickle of audience members taking their seats . 
 `` make yourselves comfortable , '' ami said . 
 `` i 'll come and get you when we 're ready . '' 
 `` wow , '' squall said when they were alone . 
 `` this is awesome is n't it ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 eli noticed phyre was heading right for the food . 
 `` do n't gorge yourself , you glutton . '' 
 : : i 'm growing , : : she protested . 
 `` you 're a pig , that 's what you are . '' 
 he sighed and turned his attention back to squall . 
 `` i just want to wipe that smug look off aquillis ' face . '' 
 `` in front of thousands of people , '' squall said , amused . 
 `` exactly . 
 everyone should know what a royal pain in the butt he is . 
 then they can tear down their posters and put up pictures of real meka heroes . 
 like lucania . '' 
 squall giggled . 
 `` eli , there 's a reason girls do n't want pictures of lucania on their walls , he 's old . '' 
 `` i bet he does n't make fun of his fans . '' 
 they waited nearly an hour . 
 eli helped squall groom dirge and they buffed phyre over with soft cloths until she gleamed , anything to distract himself from the churning in his gut . 
 finally , ami came back to lead them to their places . 
 `` where 's , umm , aquillis ? '' 
 squall asked . 
 eli heard the hopeful tone in her voice and gave her a scathing look . 
 `` we keep the contestants apart before a show , '' ami said . 
 `` he 's already putting his meka in the stall . '' 
 they stepped out onto the handler platform , ami vanishing back down the corridor , and eli was overwhelmed by the heat of the lights and the sound of the restless crowd . 
 aquillis was on his platform , on the far side of the arena . 
 eli could see his hair shining , but even from the handler 's platform , it was too far to see him clearly . 
 eli could n't see the high screens that ringed them overhead either . 
 he tried not to let his stomach twist too much when it occurred to him they were probably showing close ups of him and squall . 
 a light lit up on the control panel before them and ami smiled up at them from the screen . 
 `` that 's the pen opening below you now . 
 eli , make sure phyre stays put , and we 'll close the gate again once dirge is through , '' ami said . 
 dirge stepped out into the arena , colors blazing . 
 eli was a little in awe of how different he looked here . 
 he looked like he belonged , like a professional fighting meka . 
 it all felt so real up here in the control box , only meters from where the battle would be . 
 the screaming crowd was distant ; a solid moving mass beyond the circle of lights . 
 more intense than that was his awareness of phyre , waiting in the cage below . 
 he could see the arena through her eyes , level with dirge . 
 she could smell the crowd and heat and even other meka . 
 sin , phyre could smell sin . 
 dirge prowled up and down the edge of the arena , snarling at the crowd and making them cheer louder and louder . 
 he tossed his head and swiped his claws in the air , just as showy as any of the professional fighters . 
 phyre was aware of sin moving , and so eli was n't surprised when there was a spray of flaming fireworks and sin galloped through them into the lights . 
 she still looked beautiful , terrifying ; blessed with alien grace and unnatural perfection . 
 the massive meka circled one another , sin stepping high , prancing as if she were as light as air , dirge with his ears pinned back , saber teeth bared . 
 eli could feel phyre 's excitement . 
 she was bouncing to and fro beneath them , calling out and eager for her turn to fight . 
 he was surprised to realize she felt none of his hostility . 
 she cared nothing for his dispute with aquillis and felt no ill-will toward the equine meka at all . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked squall , realizing she was a little pale . 
 she nodded grimly . 
 `` so this is what being a professional fighter feels like , huh ? '' 
 `` i guess . 
 how 's dirge ? '' 
 `` wary . 
 he knows what i know about sin . 
 he knows she 's a capable fighter . '' 
 `` does he know her handler is an a-class jerk ? '' 
 `` count down to fight , '' the ami said . 
 `` five , four , three , two ... '' there was another explosion of fireworks and dirge bounded forward with a snarl . 
 sin leapt aside with a whinny of surprise , kicking up her heels and bounding across the floor like a deer . 
 however dirge could not be goaded into chasing her . 
 after all , there was nowhere for her to run . 
 sin seemed oddly flighty , prancing around , tossing her head . 
 she even balked , looking less like a meka and more like a real , frightened horse . 
 dirge was stalking closer , belly low , stripes rippling in a myriad of colors , faster and faster as his excitement grew . 
 he was eager , like a predator chasing prey . 
 instinct made him careless . 
 sin turned to the offensive with sudden and savage brutality . 
 she screamed like a demon and then she was on top of him . 
 her mane and tail flailed like a living nest of wires , entangling him before he could bound away . 
 beside eli , squall began to shudder violently as dirge started to suffocate . 
 `` squall , '' eli murmured tightly . 
 `` say mercy . '' 
 her lips were pulled back in a snarl , her expression mimicking dirge 's . 
 they were both so stubborn , eli was afraid they would not give in until dirge was badly injured . 
 could squall be hurt too ? 
 was aquillis hurting squall physically now ? 
 eli swallowed his urge to jump the railing and go after aquillis with his bare hands . 
 in the arena , dirge went limp and squall gave a wretched gasp . 
 `` squall ! '' 
 `` mercy . '' 
 there was a bell , signaling aquillis ' victory . 
 in the arena , dirge did not move . 
 chapter seventeen blood red , blood blue on the communications screen , the image changed . 
 `` i hope you plan on lasting a little longer than your girlfriend , eli , '' aquillis said , studying his nails . 
 `` the audience paid money to see a fight . 
 i 'd hate to refund it . 
 those poor charities would miss out . '' 
 eli snarled . 
 the whole stadium was holding its breath , waiting for dirge to get to his feet so the fight could continue . 
 `` dirge is hurt , you mongrel , '' eli snarled . 
 `` it 's a fight , '' aquillis said , amused . 
 `` meka get hurt . '' 
 all of squall 's attention was focused on dirge . 
 slowly , and with a painful whine , he pulled himself to his feet again . 
 there were mixed reactions from the crowd , but eli was more worried about squall . 
 she looked like it had been her down there . 
 `` you should hurry , '' squall warned him , voice a little hoarse . 
 `` sin is recovering every moment phyre is n't in the arena . '' 
 aquillis smirked . 
 `` recovering from what ? 
 she has n't done anything yet . '' 
 eli took off his jacket and dropped it on the screen and camera . 
 there was a muffled ` hey ! ' 
 of protest . 
 : : i 'm ready , : : phyre said . 
 eli wished he was better at communicating with her , like squall was with dirge , but at least he could see through her eyes . 
 under him the gate opened and dirge limped into the safety of the stall . 
 phyre touched her nose with his briefly -- a gesture of comfort -- before she slithered out into the lights . 
 sin was waiting , shimmering brilliantly , tossing her head with impatience . 
 to eli she was still beautiful , but somehow more dangerous now . 
 more malicious . 
 phyre circled widdershins around the white meka , watching her intently , trying to goad her into an attack . 
 sin pivoted , watching her flame-coloured competitor with interest . 
 eli could sense them sizing one another up . 
 phyre had seen sin fight now and they were a good match in weight . 
 sin must have been a little wary , particularly given the size of phyre 's claws and teeth ; and the long whip-like expanse of her tail . 
 as if to illustrate the point , phyre slapped her tail across the arena floor , the sound sharp , echoing across the stadium . 
 the crowd roared in response . 
 with a sharp whinny , sin lunged forward , but suddenly phyre was n't there anymore . 
 with a snap of her wings , she was in the air , circling higher , whizzing past the stadium lights and casting vast shadows . 
 through phyre 's eyes eli could see sin down below , pivoting on her hind legs and she tried to follow her in the air . 
 at the same time , eli could sense phyre using his eyes so he kept his gaze locked on sin . 
 phyre dipped low and sin 's mane lanced through the air , taut like needles . 
 phyre veered passed the lashing tendrils with acrobatic ease , spiraling up again , then she seemed to vanish . 
 sin spun , eyeing the cables and scaffold that held the arena lights in place . 
 : : here i come . 
 : : phyre told eli . 
 instinctively , he glanced up . 
 through his own eyes he saw a flicker of crimson and gold . 
 sin , along with the whole of the audience , looked into the lights , squinting against the glare . 
 it was too bright , eli could see nothing . 
 and neither could sin . 
 phyre burst through the glare right on top of the white meka , dropping like a dead weight , talons outstretched . 
 phyre screamed in the last instant and the falcon-like shriek echoed through the stadium . 
 she tried to dodge , but she was too slow . 
 phyre crunched down on the white meka with devastating force , pinning her to the arena floor and clamping her teeth over the thrashing white neck . 
 `` no ! '' 
 eli yelled in surprise , but phyre had not bitten down . 
 eli saw the green light flick on the control panel as aquillis indicated his request for mercy . 
 it was so sudden . 
 phyre had won . 
 the battle was over . 
 the noise of the crowd rose like a wave until the platform eli was standing on was vibrating . 
 `` we won ! 
 we won ! '' 
 squall was pumping her arms so hard eli thought she was going to fall out of her chair . 
 back in the arena , phyre stepped away from sin , who scrambled to her feet , her head hanging low . 
 phyre spread her wings ; a fanning banner of victory , as she roared back at the crowd . 
 eli felt a dizzying sense of vertigo . 
 phyre had beaten sin . 
 he had beaten aquillis pike . 
 he was the first person to beat aquillis pike -- and he 'd done it in front of a crowd of thousands -- and soon a vid screen audience of millions . 
 `` come on , eli ! '' 
 squall tugged eli onto the ramp , down toward the arena floor . 
 dirge was already bounding out to join phyre ; fully recovered , it seemed . 
 and , across the way , aquillis was coming to meet them . 
 even from a distance , eli could see the scowl on his face . 
 up close , eli could see sin did n't have any serious injuries and he was relieved . 
 `` so ? '' 
 eli said smugly as they reached aquillis in the middle of the arena . 
 he was a little disturbed to hear his voice echo as it came out the stadium speakers . 
 aquillis did n't look like he had any more intention of being a graceful loser than eli did of being a graceful winner . 
 `` you 'll never be able to pull that stunt again , '' aquillis snapped . 
 `` you better enjoy all this , '' he indicated the crowd , `` while it lasts . 
 if this was a professional match i would have wiped the floor with you . '' 
 eli scoffed . 
 `` we can rematch any time . 
 with or without meka . 
 just name the place . '' 
 `` fine , '' aquillis said . 
 `` i 'll book the arena . 
 i 'll even pay your fees to compete . 
 but this time there 'll be money on the line and you 're going to find yourself going home with empty pockets . '' 
 aquillis turned and stalked away across the arena floor . 
 eli snarled , fighting squall 's grip on his sleeve . 
 `` you 'll be going home on a stretcher ! 
 enjoy walking without crutches while you can ! '' 
 `` eli ! '' 
 squall protested . 
 `` everyone is watching . '' 
 eli glared out at the crowd , now going wild over the unexpected theatrics . 
 with a growl of annoyance , eli stalked back toward their exit , phyre trailing dubiously in his wake . 
 `` you did a good job , '' he told her as they stepped off the floor . 
 he paused and stroked her long golden neck . 
 `` you wowed them all . 
 think you can do it again ? '' 
 : : i 'll try , : : she said . 
 : : who 's doing the fighting out there though , you or me ? 
 : : `` i wish it were me , '' eli muttered . 
 `` watching you bring down his meka was brilliant , but not nearly as satisfying as slugging him in the face would be . '' 
 `` it 's a good way to get arrested , '' squall grumbled , coming out behind him . 
 ami appeared in the corridor , trotting down to meet them . 
 `` that was brilliant ! 
 that was amazing . 
 the network will love that ! 
 and aquillis is already arranging your next fight . 
 he 's on the phone to his agent right now ! 
 we should be able to give you the time and dates before you leave . '' 
 eli was taken aback . 
 `` a-already ? 
 plans are being made already ? '' 
 ami laughed . 
 `` it 's a fast business . '' 
 `` umm , can we have a phone ? '' 
 squall asked . 
 `` we need to call our backer . '' 
 `` viscountess aeryn ? 
 she 's here , '' ami said , heading hurriedly back the way she 'd come . 
 squall gave eli a look . 
 `` well , i suppose that saves time . 
 geez , what are my parents going to think ? '' 
 `` probably that i should swear less on city-wide vids , '' eli said with a sigh . 
 eli was n't far off the mark with his prediction ; however squall 's parents were amazed and proud too . 
 after eli , squall , her parents and viscountess aeryn had alcohol-free champagne to celebrate in the green room , viscountess aeryn requested eli and squall come for a drive with her . 
 eli had never been in a hovercraft before . 
 they were small , but quite luxurious , four seats faced one another in the cabin , with the driver and a spare in the front . 
 eli helped squall into her seat , the driver put her wheelchair in the boot . 
 the sensation of rising gave eli vertigo , but once they were speeding along at a steady height , he quite enjoyed the view . 
 the tinted windows were practically floor to ceiling , with a skylight dominating the space over their heads . 
 `` this is very exciting , '' viscountess aeryn said . 
 `` and congratulations . 
 what a stunning first victory . 
 it 'll put you two on the map . 
 you 'll have to keep winning to make a career , but at least everyone will know your names . '' 
 `` what date is the next fight ? '' 
 squall asked . 
 `` ten days , '' viscountess aeryn said . 
 `` i think aquillis is eager to reclaim his title . 
 he seems to have quite a vendetta against the two of you now . '' 
 `` the feeling is mutual , '' eli muttered , but he noticed squall looked a little sad . 
 `` it 's good , '' viscountess aeryn assured them . 
 `` people love a bit of rivalry . 
 makes it more interesting . 
 eli , i think we need to get you some new clothes . '' 
 he was offended . 
 `` what 's wrong with my clothes ? '' 
 `` well , huge red paint stain aside , they 're the only ones you own . 
 people are going to notice . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so it 's only fashionable and exciting to come from the rim if you look like you come from the topside . '' 
 he exchanged a look with squall , who rolled her eyes . 
 `` i like my clothes , '' eli muttered . 
 `` and you 'll like new ones more , '' viscountess aeryn promised . 
 `` now , let 's talk training . '' 
 `` can you get down to the rim ? '' 
 eli asked squall . 
 `` it would n't be easy , '' she confessed . 
 `` there 's a lot of stairs between the blueline and the rim . '' 
 `` i 'll be there to help , '' eli said . 
 `` it 's just easier to train out there . '' 
 `` i do n't think my chair is going to get very far in mountains of trash , eli , '' squall said . 
 `` i can book you an arena , '' viscountess aeryn said . 
 eli sighed . 
 `` it 'll do , i suppose . 
 can i ask you something ? '' 
 viscountess aeryn nodded . 
 `` of course . 
 anything . '' 
 `` what do you know about nightshop ? '' 
 she stared at him a moment , then laughed . 
 `` who 's been telling you stories like that ? 
 not squall i hope . '' 
 squall shook her head . 
 `` no way . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 eli prompted . 
 `` it does n't exist . 
 there is no such thing , '' viscountess aeryn said . 
 `` really , eli . 
 do n't you think the militia would have done something about it by now if it really did exist ? 
 elite meka handlers battling to the death in secret locations ; silliest thing i ever heard . '' 
 `` that 's what i told him , '' squall said . 
 eli frowned , but let it drop . 
 it was certainly persistent though , for a myth . 
 and for a moment , he 'd thought viscountess aeryn looked afraid . 
 eli 's new clothes were itchy . 
 and to make matters worse , when viscountess aeryn had seen the poorly healed wounds on his back she 'd hauled him to a topside doctor who , eli was fairly certain , had made them a lot worse . 
 he 'd given eli a course of antibiotics and painkillers . 
 the painkillers he 'd flushed down the toilet , but the antibiotics were making him irritable and thirsty . 
 eli was not particularly impressed with the arena they were to train in either . 
 `` it 's too small , '' he protested . 
 `` it 's hard to book an arena for private use , '' squall said . 
 `` particularly when we have n't earned viscountess aeryn anything yet . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i know . 
 it 's hard to do endurance training in here though . '' 
 `` we 'll manage , '' she directed dirge down into the arena . 
 it was poorly lit and no more than twenty meters across , the bottom loosely sanded , though not nearly as well as eli would have liked . 
 the walls around the arena floor were high and scuffed with long years of use . 
 he could see discoloured sections were the meka had scratched the panels so deeply they had been replaced . 
 phyre hopped off the wall and glided down to the floor , while dirge took the more dignified route of the stairs . 
 `` let 's warm them up , '' squall said and phyre pounced on dirge playfully , nipping him on the ear before bounding off for the older meka to chase her . 
 eli watched them run back and forth with a frown . 
 `` phyre won the last fight on her own . 
 i think she knows more about fighting than me already . 
 i 'm not really sure what i 'm supposed to be teaching her here . '' 
 `` tch , silly , '' squall scolded . 
 `` in a meka battle , the best thing a handler can do is to be an accessory . 
 some handlers try and control the fight , they tell their meka what to do , but if you want to be really effective , you let the meka use you . '' 
 eli remembered phyre using his eyes to watch sin during the fight . 
 `` so , they use our eyes to see the fight from another perspective ? '' 
 `` yes , and there 's more than that . 
 you have to open up your mind . 
 two brains can process data faster than one . 
 if i see an attack coming that dirge does n't , he does n't just see the attack through my eyes . 
 he trusts my thoughts and dodges instantly . 
 if he has eyes on the meka he 's fighting , i can watch the other handler too . 
 people get so caught up in the fight , they betray their meka 's next move on their face . 
 fighting is like poker , you need to have your game face on . '' 
 `` is that why aquillis always looks like he 's carved out of ice ? '' 
 eli asked . 
 `` well , i certainly ca n't read him , '' squall said wryly . 
 `` if we mop the floor with aquillis again , we 'll be able to get into the professional circuit for sure . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` and he 'll never talk to us again . '' 
 `` who cares ? '' 
 `` i care ! '' 
 eli made a sound of annoyance . 
 `` you ca n't still like him . 
 he was such a jerk . 
 to you especially . 
 everyone would be better off if he just dropped off the face of the planet . '' 
 `` eli , '' she looked annoyed at him . 
 `` it 's true ! '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i 've been a fan of his for a long time . 
 i respected his skill and the way he handled himself . 
 i ca n't forget that easily . '' 
 she looked miserable , which just made eli a little more annoyed at aquillis . 
 `` he does n't deserve any of that from you . '' 
 `` either way , i do n't think we should make an enemy of him . '' 
 `` i 'm not scared of him . '' 
 `` meka fighting is n't about making enemies though , eli . '' 
 he gave her a plaintive look . 
 `` can i just have one enemy ? '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` ca n't you have one that ca n't beat us into a pulp in the arena ? '' 
 chapter eighteen missing persons it was the night before the big fight and eli was restless . 
 the new clothes viscountess aeryn had given him were hanging up neatly . 
 he 'd borrowed a little alarm clock from squall so he would n't sleep in . 
 he 'd already tried to go to bed , but he had n't been lying down more than ten minutes when he was up again , pacing back and forth in his tiny room , almost tripping over phyre 's tail as she twitched it back and forth in annoyance . 
 : : sleep . 
 or i 'll eat you . 
 : : `` you would n't dare . '' 
 : : try me . 
 : : `` are n't you stressed about tomorrow ? '' 
 : : i 'm a little hungry . 
 : : she stood up and stretched , yawning to reveal rows of ivory teeth . 
 `` you 're always hungry , '' he grumbled . 
 : : i 'm growing . 
 let 's go for a walk . 
 i saw some interesting looking trash on the way back from training . 
 : : `` you 're disgusting , '' he protested , but opened the door for her anyway , stepping out into the blueline night . 
 not that there was much difference between blueline day and blueline night . 
 there was still neon everywhere and people coming and going . 
 some of the stalls and shops were closed and many of the loudspeakers were silent , but there were new sources of entertainment to take their place . 
 less children on the street meant more streetwalkers and people in clothes made from glow sticks , beckoning party goers into dark doorways that trembled with a deep base beat . 
 eli , however , was too young and too poor to warrant much attention . 
 besides , most nightclubs had a strict policy against meka . 
 the drug dealers oozed out of dank corners , unpoliced by the militia at this hour . 
 they offered eli all the usual spikes , pops and drops . 
 even some he had n't heard of . 
 designer drugs , they all swore , from the topside . 
 `` you got a big fight coming up ? '' 
 one girl called , dressed in a long red trench coat . 
 `` give your meka some of this . 
 he 's sure to win . '' 
 `` she , '' eli said absently in reply . 
 you did n't live on the rim all your life and not develop a healthy respect for what drugs did to a person . 
 the users on the rim would do anything for a hit . 
 anything at all . 
 once upon a time , people could quit drugs , but the stuff they sold now never left your system . 
 one hit and you were hooked for life . 
 maybe the people in the tower could afford to have their blood filtered and their brains cleansed , but eli was n't stupid . 
 the girl in the trench coat took a few steps to follow him , but phyre bared her teeth and growled and the dealer backed off again , slinking deep into the shadows . 
 `` so , '' he said to phyre . 
 `` trash , eh ? '' 
 : : waste not , want not . 
 : : `` you better be careful you do n't eat a syringe . '' 
 : : i 'm hungry , not stupid . 
 : : eli paused a moment , an image of tally talmon on a vidscreen in a closed shop window catching his attention . 
 he could faintly hear her voice through the glass : `` and in other news , three time meka battle champion , farris bean has been missing since last friday . 
 there has been speculation bean and his meka were killed in the illegal meka battle arena , nightshop . 
 there has been no word from the chief of militia if the investigation into bean 's disappearance will extend into the undercity . '' 
 eli frowned . 
 it was hard to imagine someone as well-known and influential as bean missing , let alone dead . 
 his thoughts were interrupted by a voice . 
 `` hey , '' someone said . 
 `` i know you . 
 you 're eli storm ! '' 
 eli glanced up and saw a cluster of teenagers , all a few years older than him . 
 it was a mixed group , boys and girls , some of them looked high or drunk , and all were in neon shades of pink , green and blue . 
 one of the boys took a few curious steps closer . 
 `` you were on the tv . 
 you beat aquillis pike ! '' 
 eli grinned a little . 
 `` yeah , that 's me . '' 
 `` that was awesome , dude . 
 and this is your meka . 
 wow , bam , huh ? 
 she 's the stuff . '' 
 eli ambled a little closer , motioning phyre over so the group could admire her . 
 she was more interested in garbage than their praise , but tolerated their compliments for eli 's sake . 
 `` is n't your big fight tomorrow ? '' 
 the boy asked . 
 `` yeah , '' eli confessed . 
 `` i 'm a little amped up . 
 needed some air . '' 
 `` come hang with us , '' the older boy said . 
 eli grinned and nodded , ambling along beside the group as they pushed off their posts and started up the road . 
 they offered eli alcohol from bottles hidden in their coats , but he declined . 
 just having someone to hang out with and talk to was good . 
 since he had left the rim , he spent so much of his time alone . 
 squall , dirge and phyre were his only friends now , but it had n't been like that before . 
 when he had been with the red hollows he was in a group all the time . 
 he 'd almost forgotten what it was like , to relax , to just slum around . 
 he was determined not to forget again . 
 with his back injury and his struggle to make ends meet he really had n't had the energy for anything else . 
 it was time for him to get back into it again , stop just going with the flow and get out there , make friends , find a posse . 
 phyre was less impressed with the teenagers . 
 she was bored and still wanted food . 
 as they passed restaurants and delis , the garbage waiting for the sluice called to her with scents of rotting food . 
 eli ignored her , letting her slip into alleyways and rummage around as they passed . 
 she 'd come galloping after him when he got too far away . 
 despite the fact his new friends had all seen the fight between himself and aquillis on the vids , eli found himself recounting the fight again from his own perspective . 
 he told them what it was like in front of the crowd , under the lights , being able to smell it and feel the vibrations through his feet . 
 they seemed impressed and he was growing confident under their praise , paying phyre less and less attention . 
 her sudden squeal came from much further away than he was expecting , half a block back and down a side street . 
 he started to turn , about to call her name when a psychic blast of pain smacked into him . 
 phyre was hurting . 
 someone was hurting her . 
 through their link he felt the jab of a needle and rough hands holding her down , tying her up . 
 `` phyre ! 
 someone 's got her ! '' 
 he started running back the way they had come , realizing only peripherally that the group of teens were not following him . 
 he was alone . 
 phyre 's consciousness was fading and to her the world was getting weird as the sedatives took effect . 
 everything was swirling and scents were too sharp , too pungent . 
 `` i 'm coming ! '' 
 he yelled , turning into the alley . 
 he only caught a flash of the scene . 
 a group of men , five or more , wrapping phyre in a tarp and bundling her into the back of a manpowered cart . 
 they looked up , and eli almost paused . 
 they were all big and rough looking . 
 they were all armed . 
 then pain bloomed in the back of eli 's head like an explosion . 
 he sunk down , trying to rise , but slipping back into darkness . 
 the last thing he saw was the man who had come up behind him as his boot slammed into eli 's face . 
 eli woke sticky with blood and face down . 
 the alley was empty ; he was alone . 
 he pushed himself up with his palms , wincing as broken glass dug into his hands . 
 he wavered for a moment , mid push-up , waiting for his consciousness to sway toward light or dark . 
 had he woken and slipped back into darkness before ? 
 this time his vision held steady and as he rocked back onto his knees , pain blossomed across the back of his skull . 
 he wiped the glass from his palms and tentatively touched the back of his head . 
 it was matted with blood , but he did n't think the cut was deep . 
 it ran from behind his ear , part way down his neck . 
 he hesitated a moment longer , muttering cuss words under his breath , before forcing himself to rise to his feet . 
 the first thing he did was vomit . 
 there was n't much to come up but fluid and pale chunks of something that splattered against the concresteel wall . 
 he could n't sense phyre . 
 there was no sign of her and for the first time since she had hatched , he could feel no trace of her in his mind . 
 was she dead ? 
 was he destined to end up in a gutter , pining away like a drug addict ? 
 wiping his mouth on his sleeve , he staggered toward the thruway . 
 stepping out onto the street , he froze . 
 the bustle of the blueline was not what he had been expecting . 
 the shops were open . 
 children were running to and fro in groups , on their way to classes . 
 it was morning . 
 eli tried to run , but his head throbbed so badly he had to slow to an awkward lope , the pain half blinding him as he barreled toward the skypath . 
 aquillis pike was responsible for this . 
 who else could it have been ? 
 he 'd taken phyre and unless eli could find her , aquillis was going to ... do something . 
 if he had n't done it already . 
 `` do n't let me be too late , '' eli whispered . 
 it took him an hour to reach squall 's place . 
 he would have got there quicker , but he was thrown off the skypath a station too early for vomiting again . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 squall demanded , jerking the door open . 
 `` we should be on the skypath by now ! 
 we 're going to be very late ! '' 
 `` phyre 's gone ! '' 
 eli raged , tears in his eyes . 
 `` gone ? '' 
 squall was aghast . 
 `` how could she be gone ? '' 
 `` aquillis ! 
 aquillis kidnapped her so we ca n't compete . 
 i knew he was a jerk , but i never thought he 'd do this ! '' 
 she suddenly seemed to realize he was hurt and dragged him inside . 
 sitting him at the table , she retrieved a tea towel , wetting it and started to clean his head , wincing at the mess . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 `` i told you , aquillis - '' `` he hit you ?! '' 
 `` no , but he hired someone else to . 
 this gang of thugs . '' 
 `` you ca n't really think he would - '' he cut her off with an explosive burst of anger . 
 `` i know he did ! 
 who else would ? 
 i thought he was going to explode when phyre beat sin . 
 he 's crazy . 
 he ca n't stand losing . 
 now he 's taken her away . 
 what if he hurts her ? '' 
 `` ca n't you sense her ? '' 
 `` no , she 's drugged . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` we 'll find her , eli . 
 when she wakes , you 'll know where she is and dirge and i will come with you . 
 we 'll break her out . 
 there is n't a door on the topside that can stop dirge . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 chapter nineteen wheelchair accessible phyre was in a cage . 
 it was too small and the bars were pressing painfully against her scales . 
 her neck and tail were crushed against her body and she could n't shift to get any relief . 
 the smell of dry meka blood and the moldy damp of the undercity was pungent in her nose . 
 from the corner of her eye she could make out a small slice of the room . 
 it looked like a large warehouse , brown with rust and filth . 
 someone , reeking of human sweat and tobacco , was moving nearby . 
 he leaned down to sneer at her , baring brown-stained teeth . 
 kalex . 
 not aquillis , kalex ! 
 `` time for some pay back , huh ? 
 your boy ruined my career , now i 'll ruin his . 
 but this fight will make us even . 
 old kalex is going to come away from this with heavy pockets . '' 
 phyre snarled miserably in response , itching to smack him across the face with her claws . 
 she strained against the bars , but that only sent tweaks and spasms of pain down her spine . 
 she gave up with a miserable whine . 
 then the scent of something vast . 
 kalex looked up and phyre could smell his fear , quickly drowned out by the alien musk of the shambling monster . 
 a meka , but it was nothing like her . 
 it was perverted in some way , horrifically unnatural , it scared her to her core . 
 then she could hear its shuffling gait as it crossed the gritty warehouse floor . 
 she struggled to turn , to catch a glimpse , but could only make out a hulking grey silhouette and hundreds of glowing yellow eyes . 
 her eyes widened , her breath caught . 
 in her mind she screamed as loud and as far as she could . 
 : : eli ! 
 help me ! 
 come and find me ! 
 you have to be quick ! 
 : : eli was sitting at squall 's kitchen table , face in his hands . 
 the fight with aquillis was due to begin six minutes ago , but here they were , still in the blueline with no idea where phyre was or if she was okay . 
 suddenly , phyre 's consciousness crashed into eli 's mind and he reeled backward , stumbling to his feet and sending the chair skittering across the floor . 
 : : eli ! 
 help me ! 
 come and find me ! 
 you have to be quick ! 
 : : he could feel what she felt , see what she saw . 
 the warehouse , the smells , that looming , perverse monster . 
 `` i know where she is ! 
 come on ! '' 
 eli bolted for the door and squall tried to follow . 
 `` wait ! 
 eli , i ca n't go that fast ! '' 
 eli heard her , but did n't slow . 
 phyre did n't have time for him to wait . 
 he pounded toward the closest stair to the undercity . 
 : : i 'm coming , : : he promised , willing his thoughts to phyre , but with no idea if she could hear him . 
 : : hold on . 
 : : the first staircase was so badly crumbled , he knew squall would not be able to use it . 
 he hoped she would find another way . 
 perhaps dirge could pick up his trail in the undercity . 
 if not , eli would just have to rescue phyre alone . 
 he climbed down two stories , then there were no stairs left and he was forced to drop ten feet onto a sagging concresteel platform and wiggle through a crack in the wall into the undercity . 
 it was dark and damp and fetid with rot . 
 he touched fuzzy mould on something that cracked and oozed under the weight of his hand . 
 he tried not to breathe too deeply , feeling his way out into the middle of a street on all fours and crawling toward a distant light . 
 it was lucky he did . 
 parts of the street had caved in leaving fissures that went down to the streets below . 
 they were not large enough for him to fall through , but he could have twisted his ankle , or even got his foot wedged if he had been walking . 
 he picked his way past them as carefully as he dared . 
 he could hear rats -- a sound he was familiar with from the rim -- and running water . 
 though , ` water ' may have been inaccurate . 
 somewhere nearby there was raw sewerage . 
 he hoped it was all draining away and he was n't going to end up crawling through it . 
 phyre was lower than he was . 
 east and lower . 
 he could sense her , like another limb . 
 did kalex know he was coming ? 
 was it a part of his plot for revenge , to force eli to watch phyre die ? 
 or did kalex just think eli was no threat to him ? 
 maybe he was n't . 
 he did n't feel like much of a hero . 
 finally he drew close enough to flickering , broken street lights that he could clamber to his feet and jog . 
 he tried to pay no heed to the occasional flash of movement in the deserted buildings he passed . 
 he tried not to notice that he was n't entirely alone . 
 eli had loped three miles , more or less in the right direction , before he found even the remotest possibility for getting down to the next level . 
 a huge fissure in the road had left slabs of concresteel and bitumen lancing up from the street below like teeth . 
 they looked like they had been there for a while and would probably be reasonably steady -- steady enough to climb down , perhaps , but not without slicing his hands to ribbons . 
 sitting on the edge of the fissure , eli tore his sleeves with his teeth , tying the cloth around his hands . 
 if squall did come this way , she was never going to make it down . 
 he hesitated a moment , wondering where she was , and if she was okay . 
 what if she 'd fallen out of her chair or a wheel had become caught in a crack ? 
 she could be stuck down here . 
 she could be injured . 
 `` she 's smart , '' he whispered to himself . 
 `` smarter than me . 
 she wo n't let herself get hurt . '' 
 and , if something did happen to her , he 'd find her . 
 he just had to save phyre first . 
 he eased himself over the edge of the fissure with his hands , feet swinging until they found the first jagged tooth . 
 he rested his weight on it and felt the concresteel grind as it shifted . 
 he held his breath , expecting it to fall away and leave him hanging , but it held . 
 carefully , he let go of the upper level , feeling his way across the new ceiling until he could crouch on the top of the spike of bitumen . 
 the sides of this one sloped away under him , but if he could step across to its neighbor , he could ease himself down and scramble across the rubble to solid ground . 
 he tensed , jumped and hit the other slab awkwardly , cutting his hands on the loose debris at the top of the spike . 
 his feet kicking up a cloud of dust as they scraped across the vertical surface , trying to get purchase . 
 he coughed , blinded and gasping as it burned like needles in his throat . 
 there was a sickening grinding and the spike started to sag to one side . 
 eli pitched back , flailing frantically as it threatened to topple over and crush him . 
 it slipped further , then with a howl of tearing metal it fell forward . 
 eli let go at the last second , saving his fingers from being reduced to a red jelly , and he was smothered in a second cloud of dust . 
 he clawed his way out , eyes watering , hacking hard , but found solid ground and dragged himself forward . 
 he was trembling and his ankles and neck hurt from being jarred , but he was okay . 
 he wanted to sit and catch his breath , but phyre 's fear was like a drill in his brain , causing him a physical and sickening pain . 
 he should have brought a torch . 
 the lower he got , the less often there was light . 
 he hoped he was making good time . 
 another mile , another two levels down and he 'd find her . 
 phyre 's screams came through loud and clear . 
 he was too late . 
 the bruises where the bars dug into phyre 's skin were achingly hot . 
 every time she tried to shift her weight , another flush of pain would scream across her body , rolling down her back in a wave . 
 it seemed like she should get use to it , but as the hours wore on , it got worse . 
 she struggled anyway , giving a breathy whine of pain with every spasmic jerk . 
 somehow , she 'd turned herself enough she could see the entire warehouse . 
 the ceiling soared up thirty feet to rusting rafters . 
 the vast , grimy expanse of the floor was almost large enough to house the taramon arena . 
 there were about a dozen men in stained overalls paying her no attention whatsoever . 
 using forklifts and a crane they were bringing in huge bundles of black scaffolding and slabs of steel fencing , putting together a massive spherical cage . 
 in the corner of the room , a huge malformed meka hulked , shuddering and hissing , watching everything with hundreds of burning eyes . 
 he did n't seem solid , instead he was viscous , like a fluid . 
 he had many limbs , like feelers , they formed and reformed , sucking in and out of his grey , dripping mass . 
 he was blinking constantly , but none of his eyes shut together , so it was a constant , shifting pattern of yellow winks . 
 phyre was terrified of him . 
 of his appearance . 
 of his smell . 
 of the way she could not sense his awareness like she could another meka . 
 he was not speaking to her . 
 he was not sharing his thoughts or feelings . 
 he was not friendly or hostile . 
 he was mindless . 
 a zombie meka . 
 two people stopped before her cage . 
 kalex and a woman in a red dress that smelled overwhelmingly of lilies . 
 `` so this is the one ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her voice was a husky purr . 
 `` beat aquillis pike 's sin , '' kalex 's chest puffed out . 
 `` puts it at the top of the professional circuit , in my reckoning . '' 
 her lip curled . 
 `` and yet you were able to snatch it off the street . '' 
 `` its handler is a rim-brat . 
 he do n't know nothing about nothing . 
 small wonder the meka did n't just wander off on its own and take up eating cats . '' 
 `` easy money for you . '' 
 the woman in red narrowed her eyes . 
 `` it 's what you asked for , '' kalex said defensively . 
 `` best of the professional circuit and here it is . 
 you ai n't going to short-change me because i caught a lucky break . '' 
 `` i am not some petty crook , kalex , '' her tone had turned ice cold . 
 `` i 'm a professional . 
 you 'll get your money . '' 
 behind them , the crane and forklifts were working hard : first building a huge cube-shaped frame , then fitting together the slabs of fencing inside to make a wire sphere . 
 it was like no arena phyre had ever seen , but she knew what it was : a cage meka could not flee from . 
 an arena only one meka would emerge alive from . 
 it was coming together quickly . 
 as the last panel was fitted into place , men scrambled all over it , placing shock proof cameras at every angle . 
 there would be no audience cheering and stomping their feet here . 
 there would just be rich men and women , watching from the comfort of their own living rooms . 
 the thought of being trapped in a metal ball with that thing was too terrifying for phyre to contemplate . 
 : : please . 
 please . 
 not that . 
 let me go back to eli . 
 let me go home ! 
 : : her gaze flickered from the cold green eyes of the woman in red to kalex 's craggy features . 
 they paid her no heed , talking money and stats . 
 talking gambling . 
 `` is it even worth it in a fight like this ? '' 
 kalex asked . 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 `` surely you think the best meka on the professional circuit has some chance against scylla ? 
 or are you vastly exaggerating her capabilities to me , kalex ? '' 
 `` oh , no . 
 it 's just , you know , experience . 
 it 's only a month or two old at best . 
 scylla has been around ... well , eighty years is a long time for a meka . '' 
 fear wafted off kalex in sickly waves . 
 the woman 's lip curled . 
 `` i 'm not sure why anyone is fool enough to do business with you , kalex . 
 least of all me . '' 
 `` it 's ` cause i 'm so charming ? '' 
 `` boss ? '' 
 one of the workmen joined them . 
 `` the cameras are online . '' 
 `` are the investors logged in ? '' 
 `` comms are sending out the call now . '' 
 `` get the meka into position . '' 
 the worker nodded , motioning for other men to bring over the forklifts . 
 kalex leaned down to look phyre in the eye . 
 `` bye bye little meka , '' he sing-songed . 
 she hissed at him and he laughed . 
 there was a jolt as the forklift hoisted her up into the air and trundling toward the spherical arena . 
 her cage was secured to the side with bolts . 
 without warning a hatch opened , spilling her out onto the mesh . 
 pain lanced through her as cramped , aching muscles uncurled and she tried to scramble to her feet , but her legs refused to support her . 
 she rolled down to the bottom of the sphere , panting with pain . 
 with aching slowness , she braced herself and sat . 
 scylla meandered toward the arena , his liquid form oozing in a rippling wave , like a slug foot . 
 phyre scuttled up the bars , tortured muscles protesting every inch , and hung upside down from the sphere 's apex . 
 the gate opened . 
 scylla oozed in , limbs forming and reforming as he moved . 
 all of his hundred eyes focused on her . 
 then behind him , the hatch clanked closed with the resounding click of a padlock . 
 chapter twenty there will be blood eli could see what phyre could see , he could feel what phyre could feel . 
 he did n't have another hour to fumble around in the dark . 
 he had minutes . 
 maybe less . 
 he took off at a run . 
 her life was his life . 
 even without the bond between meka and handler , she had given his existence meaning and without her he would be worthless again . 
 empty . 
 he barely noticed the tears running down his cheeks . 
 `` eli ! '' 
 the voice was so familiar and so unexpected , he tripped . 
 as he clambered painfully to his feet again , dirge and squall immerged from a darkened alleyway . 
 he could scarcely believe it was them . 
 `` how did you get here ? '' 
 he demanded , wiping the back of his hand across his cheeks . 
 `` you took the long way . '' 
 `` squall , there 's no time . 
 phyre 's in an arena with a monster meka . 
 she 's going to die . '' 
 `` come on then . '' 
 dirge led the way with his nose , picking the path phyre 's captors had taken through the undercity . 
 they must have brought their handcart with phyre in it all the way down , which meant the path was smooth enough for squall to follow , but still she lagged behind , having more trouble navigating than her six legged meka and sure-footed eli . 
 eli did not recognize the warehouse from the outside at first . 
 inside , from phyre 's perspective the ceiling soared overhead , but here in the street the ceiling was low and eli could only see huge barn-like doors , with no suggestion the building rose up several levels inside . 
 they could hear a high pitched squealing , phyre 's screams of terror . 
 `` she 's in there , '' eli whispered as he crouched down , watching the entrance . 
 `` how many people are inside ? '' 
 squall asked . 
 `` about a dozen workmen , kalex and a woman in red . 
 and the monster meka . '' 
 `` who 's kalex ? '' 
 `` long story . 
 i 'll tell you later . '' 
 his palms were sweating , his belly doing flip flops . 
 `` do we have a plan ? '' 
 `` bust in , let dirge scare everyone long enough that i can get the cage open . 
 then we get out . '' 
 `` that 's a terrible plan . '' 
 phyre 's squeals changed in pitch and eli rose to his feet and started for the door . 
 `` eli ! '' 
 squall protested in his wake . 
 `` that 's a terrible plan ! '' 
 he yanked on the handle and the door squealed open a few feet . 
 he was surprised by how heavy it was , but he forced it open far enough that squall and the meka could make a hasty escape without becoming stuck . 
 inside , the men turned to look at him . 
 they were armed , he realized . 
 and he had n't thought to grab a weapon . 
 in the arena , phyre was still hanging from the apex , her shrieks were echoing off the walls . 
 below her a huge grey mass of liquid flesh was oozing up the sphere wall , long jelly arms forming and grasping trying to drag phyre down into a gaping black toothless maw . 
 eli had moments , seconds . 
 in a white and black blur , dirge leapt over him , landing hard on the warehouse floor and roaring so loud the walls rattled . 
 attention shifted from eli to dirge and the men drew their guns . 
 eli ran for the cage . 
 the lock looked heavy , too heavy for a meka to break , let alone a frantic thirteen year old boy . 
 he veered away , sprinting past two surprised workmen and clambered into the crane . 
 `` hang on , phyre , '' he yelled . 
 : : hurry ! 
 : : she snapped back . 
 : : this thing is going to eat me ! 
 : : the engine roared to life as he jabbed at the keyless ignition . 
 his eyes flickered over the controls , helpless and furious . 
 eli had never operated any kind of machinery except elevators . 
 he was n't like a blueline kid , who grew up with gadgets and library stations . 
 he could n't even read , not that there seemed to be any instructions nearby . 
 the levers were marked with arrows though . 
 he made his best guess . 
 the jaws of the crane swung away from the cage , then back toward it as fast as eli could jerk the controls . 
 the arm of the crane slammed into the scaffolding . 
 the metal screamed and snapped , one of the cube 's sides crumbling from the force . 
 phyre threw herself at the weakened corner , and her weight -- along with the sagging , grinding metal -- shifted the sphere . 
 the bolts holding it in place gave painfully loud pings as they snapped . 
 cascades of blue sparks rained down on the meka as the electric wires attached to the cameras snapped and began to flail , alive and writhing on the warehouse floor . 
 `` cut the power ! '' 
 someone was screaming . 
 `` cut the fu - '' the sphere lolled sideways , slamming into the crane . 
 eli felt a sickening lurch as the crane began to topple sideways , him inside . 
 he grabbed the gears and hung on as the whole thing crashed down on its side . 
 there was a grinding , crunching vibration as the sphere rolled across the warehouse like a giant hamster ball , phyre screaming blue-murder inside and the grey meka flailing his limbs wildly . 
 eli watched it roll past , then hoisted himself up out of the open door overhead , crouching on top of the crane . 
 he could n't see squall , but dirge galloped past , avoiding the rolling arena 's path of destruction . 
 the torn electrical wires were still whipping back and forth , turning the warehouse floor into a deadly sea of static . 
 the arena crunched against the far wall and the joints holding it together snapped . 
 the whole thing cracked open like an egg . 
 phyre leapt for the gap , but a tentacle-like grey limb snatched her from the air . 
 scylla dragged her closer , back into the cage and her claws sparked on the metal as she tried to struggle free of his grasp . 
 under the grey mire , a mouth was forming . 
 monstrous and gaping . 
 large enough to swallow phyre whole . 
 absurdly , it was at that moment eli noticed kalex bolting out the open warehouse doors , leaving them all to their fate . 
 `` phyre ! '' 
 eli lunged across the open expanse of the warehouse floor , leaping a spasming electrical cord . 
 from somewhere behind him , squall screamed . 
 eli pivoted and saw she had been trying to get to the power board , probably to turn off the live wires . 
 one of the workers had shoved her , and now she was sprawled on the floor , several feet from her chair and amid the tangled , writhing mess of sparking cords . 
 she was up on her elbows , trying to drag herself to safety , but the cords were whipping back and forth , only inches from her paralyzed legs . 
 across the room , scylla 's mouth was closing on phyre 's hind quarters . 
 her screams were desperate , terrified and wild . 
 eli froze . 
 squall or phyre ? 
 `` eli ! '' 
 aquillis pike stood in the warehouse doorway . 
 beside him , sin shimmered , glorious white and rainbow in the flickering warehouse lights . 
 `` i 'll handle this one , you get squall ! '' 
 there was no time to question . 
 eli leapt over the nearest wire which snapped up under him like a snake . 
 he crouched down beside squall and she grabbed him around the neck . 
 `` go ! 
 go ! '' 
 there was no way he could get her wheelchair too . 
 he pressed his back to the wall and started making his way toward the door , squall still screaming for dirge in his ear . 
 directly across from them , eli saw the woman in red . 
 far from being afraid , or even alarmed , she looked totally relaxed . 
 she had a hand-held camera and she was panning the chaos . 
 even as the men she had hired risked their lives trying to stop the place from going up in a huge electrical fire , she was recording the fight . 
 across the room , dirge leapt onto the side of the sphere . 
 four of his paws were gripping the wire , the other two reached into the cage , clawing at the grey meka 's multitude of eyes . 
 aquillis stood , arms folded , blonde hair illuminated by the flickering lights , as he assessed the scene . 
 he looked infuriatingly calm , like he was in any other arena , fighting any other battle . 
 then , like a floating white ghost , sin bounded into the fray . 
 she leapt like a deer , dropping neatly through the gaping hole in the wire as she faced off with scylla , who was still sucking phyre into his mouth like a noodle . 
 sin reared , slashing at scylla with razor sharp cloven hooves . 
 as he swayed backward to escape her , dirge caught a dozen of his eyes in one vicious sweep of his claws . 
 they popped with spurts of blue meka blood and he loosened his grip on phyre to scream in silent agony . 
 `` bring him out into the open ! '' 
 aquillis urged the meka , like he intended to face scylla himself . 
 dirge kept clawing at scylla as phyre hauled herself out of the arena , leaping off the wire and taking to the air with a scream of rage . 
 she circled around the rafters , clinging to the support beams , shrieking like a demon . 
 sin bounded into the warehouse with equine grace , but as she landed a grey limb shot from the gap in the wire , snagging one hoof and knocking her off her feet . 
 she thrashed , kicking viciously , but scylla held her tight . 
 then , with fluid ease , he began to clamber out after her . 
 `` do meka really eat other meka ? '' 
 eli asked squall . 
 `` i 'd say no , but i think this one is going to be the exception that proves the rule . 
 wait , where are you going !? '' 
 eli was limping toward the open doors as fast as he could . 
 `` i 'm getting you out . '' 
 `` what ? 
 eli , we have to help ! '' 
 `` you ca n't walk ! 
 besides - '' `` besides what ? '' 
 phyre 's rage was boiling through him , raw and overwhelming . 
 it was hard to speak , it was hard to even think , but amid the primal seethe of emotion , he could sense her intentions . 
 `` phyre is bringing the roof down . 
 aquillis ! '' 
 the blond glanced at them and motioned for them to go on to safety . 
 `` i 'm fine ! '' 
 dirge leapt from the top of the cage onto the grey meka , using four of his dinner plate-sized paws to shred it now , tearing through scylla 's viscous hide and sending out sprays of blue . 
 sin was on her back , grappling mane and tail with scylla 's rapidly forming limbs . 
 the fight seemed to be going well , but aquillis had not looked up . 
 he had not seen phyre tearing at the metal rafters . 
 squall pointed up and aquillis looked , only just in time to leap sideways as the first metal beam fell . 
 it landed only meters from where the three meka were fighting . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 eli yelled to aquillis . 
 the men on the far side of the warehouse had noticed phyre too and started battering the far door , but it was chained closed . 
 already phyre had the next beam free . 
 eli carried squall outside . 
 he could see aquillis running after them , arms over his head as the ceiling began to break away , sending chunks of concresteel smashing onto the floor . 
 the woman in the red dress charged through the doorway , almost knocking aquillis down as she fled , tossing the camera and vanishing into an alleyway . 
 in the warehouse , the grey meka was getting the upper hand on sin . 
 his maw was wide and she was impossibly entangled within his limbs . 
 aquillis turned and lunged back toward the collapsing building . 
 squall almost crashed to the floor as eli grabbed aquillis by the shoulder , dragging him back . 
 `` sin ! '' 
 aquillis screamed . 
 `` the roof is caving in , you ca n't go back ! '' 
 eli yelled at him . 
 he fought against eli 's grip . 
 `` she ca n't get loose ! '' 
 dirge leapt to one side and another beam fell , the largest yet . 
 it smashed into scylla instead , crushing his side under a ton of twisted , rusting steel . 
 he writhed in silent agony , blue blood gushing from his wounds like a flood . 
 phyre dropped from the ceiling , dive-bombing the tentacle-like limbs still holding sin . 
 the ground shook with a rising roar and eli was forced to his knees . 
 dirge bolted to safety and sin struggled free , leaping for the door with phyre gliding out only a foot behind her . 
 the ceiling gave in a rush and eli was suddenly blind and deaf , cowering beside squall as the world shook and dust swirled around them . 
 it seemed like the street was going to cave in too , that they would be buried alive . 
 maybe killing thousand above them as layer after layer of city sunk into the collapsing hole , but finally everything was still again . 
 eli took his hands off his ears and looked around . 
 squall was still beside him , propped up on one elbow coughing . 
 aquillis was crouched down a little further away . 
 their three meka were standing , bloody but alive . 
 eli could see nothing of the warehouse but a mound of rubble spilling out the doorway . 
 they were all caked yellow with dust , even their eyelashes . 
 eli blinked and rubbed a yellow hand across his face , smearing the mess . 
 `` is everyone okay ? '' 
 squall asked . 
 `` i 've been better , '' eli muttered . 
 squall turned to aquillis . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he looked surprised by the question . 
 `` you did n't show up for the fight . 
 i came to find you . '' 
 `` you cared ? '' 
 squall asked , a little starry eyed . 
 `` well , '' he said wryly . 
 `` it had more to do with having an arena filled with two hundred thousand fans demanding to know where you were . 
 i thought you 'd wussed out . '' 
 `` pulease , '' eli said annoyed . 
 `` i was going to enjoy kicking your butt even more the second time around . '' 
 squall rolled her eyes . 
 `` do we have to do this now ? 
 what was that place ? '' 
 `` nightshop , '' aquillis said direly . 
 `` no way . 
 nightshop is n't real . '' 
 squall 's hands started to tremble . 
 aquillis pulled out his jabber and dialed . 
 `` who are you calling ? '' 
 eli asked . 
 `` some of those workers might still be alive . 
 the ceiling might not have caved in on that side of the warehouse . 
 someone needs to get down here and get them out . '' 
 eli scooped squall up again , hoisting her onto dirge 's back . 
 she gripped his fur with her hands . 
 `` can you balance there ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` not without a saddle , but you can hold my legs . '' 
 `` good , i do n't want to carry you all the way to the blueline . '' 
 squall punched him in the arm and he grinned . 
 aquillis was trying to explain their location on the phone with a lot of big hand gestures and squall tried to help , recounting the path she had taken . 
 shaking his head , eli stepped away from them , trying to catch his breath . 
 abandoned a few feet away was the camera the woman in red had dropped . 
 he scooped it up , peering at the screen , then turning it over . 
 the feed was still running . 
 he cleaned the yellow dust off the lens and held it up to his face . 
 `` did you get what you paid for ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 `` i hope you did . 
 because one day i 'm going to find you . 
 each and every one of you . 
 this is n't over . '' 
 `` eli ! '' 
 squall called . 
 he glanced up and saw she was swaying , almost slipping off dirge 's back . 
 aquillis was laughing , catching her hand from the other side to keep her in place . 
 eli paused , just a moment , then dropped the camera , hurrying back over to steady squall . 
 together they started the long trek back to the blueline . 
 revenge , and the woman in red , could wait . 
 squall grinned at aquillis . 
 `` so does this mean we 're friends now ? '' 
 `` no , '' eli and aquillis said in unison . 
 they emerged from the undercity into a flurry of chaos . 
 the blueline streets had been cleared and hovers had been brought down , flown slow and dangerously low , to fit under the blueline ceiling . 
 militia officers were everywhere , swarming like insects . 
 some prepared medical supplies and excavation equipment to be taken down into the undercity . 
 other set up barriers to keep out the gawking public . 
 hundreds of slick , black camera lenses turned to the trio and their meka as they stepped into view and eli froze . 
 the media journalists seemed to have arrived at the same time the militia did and those with high level citizenship cards had access past the barricades . 
 they swarmed closer , talking eagerly into their cameras . 
 oblivious to the chaos , squall 's parents rushed over , one on either side of dirge , to hug her . 
 mrs owens was sobbing , alternatively kissing squall 's cheeks and burying her own face in a tissue . 
 there was a man in his early twenties with them . 
 probably the older brother squall had mentioned . 
 he patted squall on the back while her parents fussed over her , looking relieved . 
 aquillis ' father -- resplendent in an expensive suit and without a hair out of place -- swept aquillis up in a fierce hug . 
 sin pranced beside them , shimmering in the neon blueline lights . 
 with his arm still around his son 's shoulders , mr. pike led aquillis toward the waiting media . 
 aquillis looked confident and calm , but the way his head tilted toward his father 's shoulder betrayed a genuine affection . 
 there was n't anyone waiting for eli . 
 he stood there , still half in the doorway they had emerged from , holding his own elbows and feeling horribly alone . 
 he was n't ever going to have a family waiting for him . 
 even if he somehow became rich and famous with thousands of people chanting his name , he was never going to have a mother or father . 
 friends were n't the same as family . 
 phyre nudged his arm with her snout . 
 : : we 're family , are n't we ? 
 : : she asked hopefully . 
 he blinked , once , twice , three times , to clear away the tears that threatened to cloud his vision . 
 `` yeah . 
 you and me . 
 let 's go . 
 the reporters are here for aquillis anyway . '' 
 unnoticed by the media circus , eli followed the shadow of the wall , slipping past the militia barrier and the medics , leaving squall , aquillis and their families behind him . 
 he did n't need them . 
 he did n't need parents or brothers . 
 he certainly did n't need the red hollows . 
 he was eli . 
 he was perfectly okay alone . 
 a hand on his shoulder made him squeak in surprise and he turned to find viscountess aeryn vayne the eighth looking puzzled , sugarball blinking owlishly on her shoulder . 
 `` did n't you see me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , '' eli stammered . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` did you think i would n't come ? 
 imagine if you 'd escaped the undercity and no one was here waiting for you . 
 how depressing would that be ? '' 
 she laughed and put her arm around his shoulders . 
 sugarball 's pink tail curled around him too , very soft , warm and tickly . 
 she steered him back toward the others and the lights and the chaos . 
 squall spotted him and waved . 
 `` eli ! 
 my brother wants to meet you . 
 mr. pike says we 're all going to celestial plaza for dinner . 
 his shout . 
 faaaancy ! '' 
 she laughed and eli smiled . 
 beside him , phyre flapped her wings and cooed . 
 he might have been wrong . 
 maybe sometimes , just a little bit , friends were almost as good as family after all . 
 the end -lrb- but keep reading . -rrb- 
 do you want more lifesphere inc ? 
 book 2 , duplicity , will be released when book 1 , acquisition , has reached 20,000 downloads on amazon.com and smashwords.com . 
 as much as retailers will allow , acquisition will always be available for free download . 
 you can help by : 1 . 
 rating the books highly and writing reviews on amazon.com , smashwords.com , goodreads.com , booksamillion.com and anywhere else that allows you to rate and review books . 
 2 . 
 telling your friends and family to read lifesphere inc. 3 . 
 sharing links to lifesphere inc on your blogs , twitter , pinterest , tumblr and facebook pages . 
 4 . 
 liking my facebook page and listing me as a favorite author . 
 the more often you do this , the more people will download and the sooner books will be released . 
 if you want to know when a new book is coming out , sign up to the newsletter at : www.traditionalevolution.com . 
 i 'll never send you any spam or sell your email address . 
 the newsletter is for book releases and competition announcements . 
 currently the schedule is as follows : duplicity -lrb- book 2 -rrb- will be released when acquisition -lrb- book 1 -rrb- has been downloaded 20 , 000 times . 
 dna -lrb- book 3 -rrb- will be released when acquisition -lrb- book 1 -rrb- has been downloaded 40 , 000 times or when six months have passed , which ever comes second . 
 aberrant -lrb- book 4 -rrb- will be released when acquisition -lrb- book 1 -rrb- has been downloaded 80 , 000 times or when six months have passed , which ever comes second . 
 dystopian -lrb- book 5 -rrb- will be released when acquisition -lrb- book 1 -rrb- has been downloaded 100 , 000 times or when six months have passed , which ever comes second . 
 mendacity -lrb- book 6 -rrb- will be released when acquisition -lrb- book 1 -rrb- has been downloaded 150 , 000 times or when six months have passed , which ever comes second . 
 you can find out more about lifesphere inc when the website launches in late 2013 at : www.lifesphereinc.com you can find out more about the author at her website : www.traditionalevolution.com thanks to : apples , for not letting me starve to death or wander into traffic . 
 kage , my life is imperfect when you are n't there to laugh at it with me . 
 scarlett , who gave this book a face . 
 kirstie , for the support and feedback . 
 if you were a character in a novel , people would say you were too nice . 
 do n't change . 
 avril , storm and rhys , without who there would still be swear words in the book and eli would still be claustrophobic and agoraphobic ! 
 cat , for her common sense and for letting me vent . 
 grant , sorry for all the times i make you blush at lunch . 
 jade , for the feedback and the beautiful art . 
 helen , for her attention to detail . 
 melanie , for another set of eyes . 
 shane , for insightful words . 
 sarah twombly , for mentorship and believing in the project long before it deserved it . 
 kevin , for the baby hippo . 
 about the author born in 1985 , talitha kalago lives on the beautiful sunshine coast in queensland , australia . 
 she loves reading , video games , documentaries , horror movies and vegetable patches . 
 she lives with an alarming collection of previously abandoned or unwanted animals that include dogs , cats , birds and snakes . 
 she loves aquascaping and dedicates too much time to her numerous aquariums and aquatic invertebrates . 
 there is a 23 % chance she is watching a horror movie as you read this . 
 you can find out more about talitha at her website : www.traditionalevolution.com you can find out more about lifesphere inc when the website launches in late 2013 at : www.lifesphereinc.com copyright lifesphere inc : acquisition by talitha kalago copyright © 2013 talitha mitchell . 
 www.traditionalevolution.com smashwords edition all rights reserved . 
 this book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review . 
 first edition , 2013 . 
 isbn 978-0-9875783-0-3 cover art copyright © 2013 talitha mitchell . 
 www.traditionalevolution.com cover design copyright © 2013 scarlett rugers . 
