 the collected journals of isaac bolachek from the archives of the american recovery corps reprinted with the permission of the bolachek estate copyright © 2013 thad d. phetteplace all rights reserved . 
 you are allowed to copy and share this book only in its original , unaltered form . 
 you can download this book in epub , mobi , and pdf formats from http://thebolachekjournals.com . 
 visit the website to provide feedback and to download updated and new content . 
 this is an original work of fiction . 
 any resemblance to characters living , dead , or undead , is purely coincidental . 
 march 19 - massachusetts institute of technology , boston i 've never been one for expressing myself creatively , or at least not artistically . 
 i 'm not sure what really possessed me to take a creative writing course . 
 maybe i 'm not really being fair to myself . 
 i suppose there is plenty of creativity that goes into the type of engineering we do here at mit , especially in the type of robotics i 'm studying ... but writing is something very different . 
 it feels more raw . 
 i feel more exposed . 
 like i 'm peeling back a layer of skin and letting people peer inside at secret things . 
 what i build in the lab ... it 's the opposite . 
 its like building a protective layer of armor . 
 i 'm expressing myself , but its only what i want others to see . 
 professor mead insists there is no requirement we let anyone actually read these journals . 
 she claims it is just to `` exercise our creative writing muscles . '' 
 i 'm not supposed to worry about how good any of this is or spend a lot of time editing ... just get it all out , get it down , and write something every day . 
 that will probably be the hard part ; writing something every day . 
 there are so many other things i would rather be doing , so many things i need to be doing , that i expect this will fall rather low on the priority list . 
 i 'm only a freshmen in the engineering program here , not even in the really tough courses yet , and i am already feeling swamped . 
 still , spring break is coming up , and i 'll have some time to catch up then . 
 some of my friends are going off to florida to spend a week in a drunken stupor , but i 'm just heading back home to oklahoma to visit the family . 
 i just hope i do n't catch that nasty flu bug that 's going around and spend the whole break sick . 
 april 4 - tulsa , oklahoma well , so much for getting back to my applied robotics project . 
 school is temporarily closed , not just at mit but pretty much everywhere . 
 this flu epidemic has really kicked up a notch , and there have already been scattered deaths reported . 
 the cdc has put a travel ban into effect , schools are closed , as are many businesses . 
 others have their employees wearing hospital masks . 
 it 's crazy . 
 mom and dad both have caught the thing , but they are far from old and frail , and supposedly it 's really only people with compromised immune systems that have to worry . 
 i seem to have fought the thing off ; had some sniffles for a few days but feel fine now . 
 i 've been taking care of the parental units , which mainly consists of fixing them soup and hot tea at regular intervals . 
 i 'll admit i 'm a little worried after reading some of the more extreme speculation on the internet , but all the major news networks say it 's not really that bad and the economic consequences will probably far outweigh the actual health consequences . 
 of course the conspiracy mongers on the net are spinning all sorts of tales of secret quarantines and news black-outs and speculation about germ warfare . 
 i 'm not sharing any of that with mom or dad . 
 i 'm sure everything is going to be fine . 
 april 17 - tulsa , oklahoma i 'm not sure why i brought this journal with me . 
 i 'm not sure why i 'm writing in it now . 
 what else is there to do though ? 
 i would n't have believed any of this was real if i had n't witnessed it myself . 
 if i had n't watched the virus take my parents . 
 take hold and not let go . 
 several weeks into their illness , it got really bad for them . 
 they were shaking and coughing , their eyes had gone yellowish , and they did n't seem to know what was going on around them . 
 their phone had stopped working days before ... nothing but a fast busy signal . 
 my cell phone was equally useless . 
 the internet stayed up , but many of the sites stopped updating , like the writers had all quit . 
 one morning i woke up , and the house was quiet . 
 too quiet . 
 i went into their bedroom , fearing the worst . 
 they were so still . 
 and so pale . 
 i checked their breathing and their pulse . 
 i felt their temperature . 
 they were cold . 
 they were dead . 
 i know they were dead . 
 i went back to the living room and just sat on the floor . 
 i should call someone , i thought . 
 the phones were dead . 
 i thought about knocking on a neighbor 's door , but my parents had only just moved to this apartment building , and i knew nobody in this neighborhood . 
 maybe the red cross crisis center a few blocks away . 
 i had been there a few days before , trying to get medication for my parents , but they had nothing to give but advice . 
 i could go down and report their death to the red cross . 
 they would know what to do . 
 i grabbed my wallet , slipped on shoes , and headed out . 
 the street was eerily desolate . 
 no cars were moving . 
 i heard the occasional siren , a person yelling in the distance . 
 i saw someone stumbling down the middle of the street about a block away . 
 they seemed confused , drunk maybe ... more likely sick . 
 i thought i could hear them moaning . 
 the red cross was the opposite direction , set up in the community center a few blocks west , so i ignored the shambling figure and took off that way . 
 it was closed down . 
 a large hand written sign was duct taped to the door . 
 go home pray god help us all there was an official looking notice posted next to it , something about emergency cdc directives and quarantine procedures . 
 i did n't bother to read it . 
 i was in shock i think . 
 i headed back home . 
 i thought about buying more soup for my parents ... then i remembered . 
 nevertheless , groceries were getting low , i should shop . 
 they would want me to shop . 
 mom always wanted her pantry well stocked . 
 the grocery store near the community center was closed . 
 i detoured north a bit on the way home to swing by a 24 hour convenience store . 
 amazingly it was still open . 
 the attendant stood behind his checkout counter , wearing a surgical mask and latex gloves , with a hepa air filter running full blast next to him . 
 there was three other people shopping . 
 one of them kept coughing into a dirty handkerchief . 
 the others kept their distance , though it was clear they wanted to shop in the same food aisle . 
 i figured if i was going to catch the thing i already would have . 
 grabbing a shopping basket , i charged over and started grabbing random packages of soup mix , cereal bars , and whatever else looked edible . 
 the shelves were already very picked over . 
 coughing man filled his basket until items were spilling out and then staggered toward the checkout . 
 the other shoppers began approaching . 
 i swept some ramen noodle packets into my basket to top it off and headed toward the checkout . 
 coughing man was dropping cash onto the counter . 
 the attendant , a dark haired guy not much older than me , stood back and handled the money at arms length like it was radioactive . 
 he made change , slid it over , and then scurried to the back of his enclosure . 
 coughing man counted his change , putting it back in his wallet a dollar or coin at a time as he counted it . 
 `` it 's all there . 
 just take your money and go ! '' 
 the attendant shouted . 
 coughing man just silently finished sliding coins into his wallet before slumping off , his two plastic bags of groceries dangling from one hand . 
 i stepped up and started taking items out of my basket . 
 before i could even hand anything toward the attendant , he spoke up . 
 `` you need to scan it yourself . '' 
 he nodded toward a hand held bar-code scanner sitting next to the cash register . 
 i thought about all the customers that had touched it , including coughing man , then shrugged and began zapping each item . 
 the total was $ 39.29 . 
 i slid over two twenties , and as he moved to give me change i told the attendant , `` keep it '' . 
 he gave a short laugh , but pocketed the 71 cents . 
 i finally looked at him , really looked at him . 
 his name tag labeled him as ` todd ' . 
 i knew him . 
 he graduated high school a couple years before me . 
 he was on the track team i think . 
 i thought about hanging out for a few minutes to catch up . 
 no . 
 we never moved in the same circles back then . 
 what would we talk about now ? 
 `` stay safe . '' 
 i advised as i grabbed my grocery bags and headed out . 
 i saw a fight on the way home . 
 two guys were really tearing into a third . 
 it seemed pretty vicious , so i decided not to play hero and just charted a wide course around them and hurried past . 
 by the time i got home , my shambling sick neighbor had moved on . 
 i though i saw him a couple of blocks away , halfway to the red cross center . 
 he would find no help there . 
 april 18 - tulsa , oklahoma decker interrupted my writing yesterday . 
 said he needed some help checking all the barricades . 
 i and two other volunteers joined decker and walked around the interior perimeter of the bus depot , making sure none of the stuff we had piled against the windows and doors had shifted . 
 the piles remain in place , but the noises outside are noticeably louder than yesterday . 
 yesterday . 
 where did i leave off ? 
 oh yeah , i had just gotten home . 
 letting myself into my parent 's apartment building , i heard some of their neighbors milling about . 
 a few of them were groaning , perhaps sick with the same flu that had taken my parents . 
 down the hall , someone was having a hellish fight . 
 i hurried into my parent 's apartment , locking the apartment door behind me . 
 slumping onto the sofa , i dropped the bags of groceries onto the floor at my feet and turned the tv on . 
 static . 
 i surfed through a few other channels and found several running public service announcements or emergency messages regarding the epidemic . 
 all of the advice seem pointless or stunningly obvious . 
 stay inside ; drink plenty of fluids ; avoid contact with sick people . 
 i gave up and put in a dvd of some crime drama my parents liked . 
 i half watched . 
 i wondered how long it would take before the epidemic ran its course and things started returning to normal . 
 i wondered what i should do about my parents . 
 i wondered if i should do anything about the next door neighbors moaning and pounding on the wall . 
 i turned off the tv . 
 the moaning and pounding seemed louder now . 
 then i realized , the sounds were not coming from next door ... they were coming from my parent 's bedroom . 
 april 19 - tulsa , oklahoma they were dead . 
 i know they were dead . 
 i had gone into their room that morning prepared for the worst . 
 but the worst is so much worse than we imagined . 
 of course you know what i found when i opened that door a second time . 
 if you are alive to read this , you probably experienced something like it , or at least talked to someone who has . 
 the gray skin , the glassy yellow-white eyes , and that howl they make when they see the living . 
 my parents had only just reanimated , and that probably saved my life . 
 their movements were still clumsy . 
 it evidently takes a while for the change to finish , for all the muscles to start working again . 
 miguel described it to us . 
 he worked as an rn at the clinic over on westerfield avenue . 
 before he left , the hospital was swamped with patients . 
 they had people stretched out in the waiting room and in hallways . 
 some were dying and reanimating before anyone could even examine them . 
 it started out as just a twitching , then grew to something more like convulsions . 
 eventually , the corpses started dragging themselves along the floor , and then pulled themselves up and started shambling about . 
 they never seemed to gain back all of their former speed or coordination , but they were still damn dangerous . 
 miguel says nobody realized what was happening at first . 
 a lot of people got bit trying to restrain and treat the already deceased . 
 that was always fatal . 
 once bit , you have a few hours at best . 
 a bite seems to bi-pass all those weeks of flu-like symptoms and sends you right to the end stage ... yellow eyed catatonics . 
 after seeing my parents like that , reduced to slavering flesh hungry monsters , i completely lost it . 
 now i was n't exactly in the best frame of mind before that , but something really snapped at that point . 
 i grabbed my duffel bag with my textbooks , snatched my non-working cell phone from the coffee table , and headed for the door . 
 `` i 'm going back to school ! '' 
 , i shouted to my parents as i slammed the door on them . 
 `` i 've had enough of this crap , and i 'm going back to mit . '' 
 i ran down the hall , past the sounds of moaning and crying coming from various doors . 
 i bolted outside , nearly running into a manic , pale faced , yellow eyed figure . 
 the creature gave a bellow and lurched at me , but i ran past and headed flat-out for the bus station . 
 i had spent most of my cash at the at the convenience store . 
 i hoped i had enough limit left on my credit card to purchase a ticket back to boston . 
 yeah , i really was n't thinking very straight . 
 i saw a few other people on the way to the bus station . 
 some were running like me . 
 others shambled and lurched . 
 i did n't slow to talk to any of them . 
 i did n't stop until i got to the bus station . 
 it was locked up of course . 
 the cdc had closed down all the trains and bus stations and airports early on in the epidemic . 
 my brain slowly started functioning again . 
 i looked around . 
 several pale figures were lurching toward me from different directions . 
 i ran around the corner of the bus station and began to head down the alley that ran between it and the retail store next door . 
 more shapes stumbled toward me from the other end of the alley . 
 `` god damn it ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 i looked toward the retail store and wondered if i could kick in its side door and escape that way . 
 i was just about to try , when a hand grabbed my arm and drag me toward the bus station . 
 i screamed and tried to pull away , until a female voice exclaimed , `` quit fighting me and get your ass in here ! '' 
 someone had opened a side door to the station , one i had nearly ran past without noticing . 
 i bolted inside , and we both slammed the door shut . 
 i noticed a large red warning label on the door : alarm will sound . 
 no alarm was going off . 
 `` do n't worry '' , my rescuer assured , `` they ca n't open it from the outside , it 's a fire exit . '' 
 i finally got a good look at my hero , a young brunet woman in sweat pants and a umkc jersey . 
 `` i 'm kalee , by the way . '' 
 `` i know , '' i answered , `` we went to high school together . '' 
 april 21 - tulsa , oklahoma i 've been camped out at the bus station for about four days now , me and more than a hundred other people . 
 most found their way here before me , like me hoping to find a way out of town . 
 others trickled in a bit at a time as word got out somehow that a group was making a stand here . 
 that trickle has slowed and finally stopped as the number of undead outside grew . 
 early on , a few brave people had managed to sneak out and back in , picking a door with the fewest monsters near it and then just running faster than their shambling pace could match . 
 that is n't possible any more . 
 the walking dead seem to have figured out we are in here , and their numbers have grown until now there is a ring of them all the way around the building at least three bodies deep . 
 the constant moaning and howling of the creatures is wearing on everyone . 
 i do n't think any of us are sleeping . 
 supplies are low . 
 i think back to the groceries i had purchased a few days ago and wish i had brought them instead of my textbooks . 
 very few people brought much in the way of food . 
 some did , and they were reluctant to share initially , but the hungry far outnumbered the well supplied , and peer pressure or perhaps basic human decency won out over selfishness . 
 by unspoken agreement , we are a temporary commune now . 
 at least we are n't low on water yet . 
 before the water utility packed up , someone thought to fill every available container , including a few large , cleaned-out garbage cans . 
 we also seem to have sufficient guns and ammo . 
 in oklahoma , folks value their second amendment rights . 
 originally , the plan was to simply hold out until the national guard or army or some such came to the rescue . 
 as our food dwindles and the undead horde grows , that plan seems less viable . 
 someone in the group has a multi-band radio , basically a hand-held cb , and the news coming in from that is grim . 
 the same virus that has hammered the civilian population has depleted the military . 
 there just is n't enough healthy , live people out there to hold things together . 
 max called a meeting earlier . 
 i would n't call him our leader , i 'm not sure we have one , but people seem willing to to listen to max . 
 he just has that sort of personality that commands a person 's attention . 
 he can talk in a calm , quiet voice , and yet it fills the room . 
 he is n't any taller than average , not particularly striking in appearance , yet he seems bigger than life sometimes . 
 maybe it 's the way he looks people in the eye when he talks . 
 i swear he can talk to an entire room full of people , and every one of them will feel like he is talking to just them individually . 
 he could have cut a swath as a politician , but someone told me he services air conditioners or something along those lines . 
 `` nobody is coming for us . '' 
 max laid it out without sugar coating . 
 `` we need to get ourselves out of this . '' 
 a worried murmur began to rise , and max charged ahead before it took over the meeting . 
 `` we 've got a plan . 
 jack and i have been looking over the buses , the ones inside the repair bay . 
 we think we can get two of them running , and top them off with diesel siphoned from the others . 
 that should be enough to get us all out of here , though we 'll be packed in pretty tight . '' 
 this caused some excited discussion among the group . 
 not everyone wanted to try it , but the momentum was definitely in favor . 
 then someone yelled the question , `` what about the people in quarantine ? '' 
 things got quiet rather quick . 
 not everyone at the bus depot is in perfect health . 
 anyone with flu-like symptoms is quarantined in the luggage handling area . 
 the people with the mildest symptoms look after those worse off . 
 there have been a few deaths in the few days we 've been here . 
 nobody talks about what was done with the bodies . 
 nobody liked the idea of sharing a bus with the sick . 
 it is n't like we can just put them in their own bus ; there are too many healthy people and two few buses . 
 the discussion became heated . 
 some people want to leave them behind . 
 others insisted we can leave nobody behind no matter the risk . 
 the arguments became circular and steadily louder , until max insisted we table the topic for now . 
 we could think about solutions while working on the buses , he said . 
 kalee is completely in the ` leave nobody behind ' camp , as am i . 
 at this point , i think most of us would have already gotten sick if we were going to . 
 i just ca n't imagine leaving anyone to that hellish horde out there . 
 kalee . 
 she 's a force of nature . 
 i think it was her idea to fill water containers before the utilities shut down . 
 the water pressure held out longer than electrical service , but they both died within a few days of each other . 
 she warned about both possibilities and got people thinking and preparing for it . 
 she 's also been a wizard at figuring out ways to stretch our food supplies . 
 it seems she can take the most incongruous combinations of things and figure out some way to combine them in water and make a soup that will feed hundreds . 
 i expect her to start producing loaves and fishes out of thin air at any moment . 
 i never really knew her in high school . 
 she moved in the goth crowd . 
 she always seemed a bit cold , aloof , maybe a bit pretentious and superior even . 
 boy did i get that wrong . 
 trapped in a bus depot surrounded by the undead , we finally found ourselves able to talk to each other . 
 `` my god i was always terrified in high school . '' 
 she admitted to me , `` i always felt like everyone else had it so much more together . 
 i was convinced if i opened my mouth for more than a couple of words , i would make a total ass of myself . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i think you had the better approach though . '' 
 was my answer , `` i was constantly saying too much and actually making an ass of myself . '' 
 she laughed at that , and i realized i 'd never seen her laugh or smile back in school . 
 it looked good on her . 
 she looks better all around . 
 more confident . 
 more alive . 
 it seems funny when i think about it now , writing it down , but i think she feels more comfortable trapped in a building surrounded by zombies than she felt in a high school bounded by the expectations of our peers . 
 april 23 - tulsa , oklahoma as soon as jack found out i was an mit engineering student , he recruited me into helping with the bus repairs . 
 he seems to hold mit in an almost religious reverence , like some people treat the vatican . 
 he never finished college himself ; dropped out of kansas state back in the late 80 's to take care of the family farm when his father fell ill . 
 the guy is a natural engineer though . 
 he spilled his entire life story while we tinkered away on those giant diesel engines , telling me about creative bodges he had wired together to keep farm equipment running and the crazy inventions he hopes to work on some day . 
 he diagnosed those bus engines using instinct and sense of smell i think . 
 i was mostly just there to hand him tools . 
 we got two of the four buses started and running without much effort . 
 we robbed spare parts and fuel from the other two , with each working bus ending up with a little more than half a tank each . 
 we also hit upon a solution to the quarantine problem while working . 
 these buses are cross country passenger vehicles , the kind that include a large luggage compartment below the seating area . 
 the luggage compartment is accessible only from the outside of the bus , so we can in theory make an effective quarantine area out of it . 
 it might require drilling some ventilation holes through the side panels , and we should find some cushions or padding to make their ride more comfortable , but it should accommodate everyone currently quarantined in the luggage handling area of the depot . 
 i guess that 's kind of ironic now that i think about it ... from one luggage area to another . 
 i talked to another old school mate today . 
 milo was a year ahead of me in high school . 
 he was on the football team , dated cheerleaders , was even voted homecoming king i think ... another one of those people moving in completely different circles than me . 
 turns out he got to the depot before me but then volunteered to go out and find supplies and other survivors . 
 he returned and then went back out two more times . 
 to get back in the last time , he had to gun down a crowd of zombies and then climb up the side of the building so someone could let him in a second floor window . 
 i swear , the guy is rambo crossed with spiderman . 
 kalee mentioned he was around , but he 's spent a lot of time on the roof since he got back , observing the undead , watching for military aircraft , or taking a shift on the radio , so i had n't seen him much before this . 
 i was chatting with kalee when he stopped over to say hi to her . 
 he actually remembered me from high school , but he looked a bit uncomfortable with me being around . 
 turns out he was classmates with kalee at umkc , so i suspect i 'm treading on some history here . 
 i 'm not sure if they 've dated or if milo has just been working toward that goal . 
 either way , i 'm now feeling totally third wheelish . 
 i left kalee and milo to reminisce about their college days and distracted myself for a while checking the barricades again , then i parked myself in a quiet corner and powered up my phone . 
 flipping through the digital pictures of my college friends back in boston , i wondered how many of them had survived the disaster . 
 are any of them holed up in a zombie besieged building like this right now ? 
 if so , what will be their fate ? 
 hell , what will happen to us ? 
 as these questions drifted through my head , my phone flashed a battery warning and went dead . 
 talk about fucking ominous . 
 april 25 - tulsa , oklahoma it 's been a couple of days since my last journal entry , and a lot has happened since . 
 the decision was made to leave the depot in the morning . 
 we loaded in what supplies we had left , got all the healthy people on board , opened up the luggage storage , and then gave the word to the quarantine . 
 they filed in slowly , some of them having to carry or drag others . 
 there was no more than a dozen of them left at this point , and by the looks of them there would be fewer soon . 
 i learned later that two of them had actually fully recovered but elected to stay in quarantine to look after the rest . 
 i remember an incident my second day at the depot . 
 a woman had developed a cough and was told she had to go to quarantine . 
 she refused , swore up and down it was a simple cold . 
 several armed people made it clear she had no choice . 
 she might have had the deadly cough , or it might have been just a cold like she said . 
 we might be sending her needlessly to likely infection and death . 
 i do n't know , but i looked for her in that grim procession , praying i would see her face . 
 i did n't . 
 jack was in the lead bus with max . 
 kalee and i were together on the second bus ; max made a point of placing jack and i on different buses . 
 i think he wanted to make sure we had at least one engine mechanic in the event one of the buses did n't make it . 
 milo was up on the roof of our bus along with five other gunmen . 
 the other bus had its own six gunners . 
 we had drilled holes in the roof that they threaded safety lines through , securing themselves in place . 
 drilling those holes had not been easy with the power out . 
 we had a cordless drill , and i managed to keep it charged for a time using the batteries from the other buses , but when that finally died , jack had to fashion hand drills using drill bits , pipe fittings , and a few random odds and ends . 
 we got the job done though . 
 opening the garage door without power presented an even bigger challenge . 
 i 'm proud of the solution jack and i came up with . 
 we could hear the undead milling about just outside , and as they heard us working on the buses , they began pressing against and pounding on that garage door . 
 manually lifting the door would have been a death sentence for whoever tried it , so we rigged up a system of counterweights to do the job . 
 we disconnected the chain from the electric garage door opener , then ran cables from the door , over pulleys hung from the ceiling , to barrels filled with tools and engine parts . 
 we very carefully rigged the barrels so they would remain hanging from the ceiling supports until set free with the yank of a trigger cable . 
 i held my breath when it finally came time to try it . 
 i was so worried about whether it would work correctly or not , i briefly forgot about what was waiting for us on the other side of that door . 
 god almighty , how do i describe it . 
 we first started both buses , then one of the gunners yanked on the trigger cable . 
 our contraption worked perfectly . 
 the garage door snapped open as the barrels crashed to the ground . 
 a wave of howling death charged into the garage like the gates of hell itself had opened up . 
 and kept coming . 
 and coming . 
 the numbers outside had been steadily growing , and the noise of our departure had been attracting them to this side of the building . 
 the lead bus moved forward and met the wave of zombies . 
 our bus followed right after . 
 at first we gained speed , shoving the undead ahead of us , but then the lead bus slowed . 
 it was losing traction as bodies were crushed under its wheels . 
 our driver slowed to avoid hitting it . 
 monster swarmed around us , pounding and clawing . 
 the metal panels rang like gongs . 
 windows cracked . 
 the first bus gunned its engine , spinning its tires . 
 bits of shredded zombie flesh sprayed up and splattered on our bus 's windshield . 
 we inched forward . 
 the gunners fired repeatedly , trying to open a path . 
 the lead bus was out of the garage . 
 then ours . 
 we were completely surrounded now but still moving . 
 then the first bus was free . 
 it rocketed forward as its tires finally bit clean pavement . 
 we shot right after it . 
 bus one clipped a parked car as the driver cranked the wheel around , steering out of the depot parking lot and into the street . 
 it belched a cloud of diesel fumes as we shifted up a gear and headed out of town . 
 it was comparatively smooth sailing for a while after that . 
 we encountered plenty of zombies , but individually or in small groups they simply were no match for us . 
 i saw a few other buildings with large swarms of the undead around them and wondered how the survivors within were holding out . 
 there was nothing we could do for them , so we just drove on . 
 our luck held until we reached a mess of wrecked cars just west of town . 
 the tangle of twisted metal stretched from shoulder to shoulder with no room to squeeze by . 
 max got out of his bus and ran back to talk to our driver . 
 it was decided we would back up and take a side road to get around the mess . 
 we had to move fast , because scattered undead were already converging on us . 
 max got back to his bus just ahead of one . 
 it charged and began hammering at the bus door . 
 it 's bellow seemed to quicken the pace of the other nearby ghouls . 
 the other bus got turned around , moving backwards and forwards until facing the right way , then rocketed back the way we had come . 
 our driver elected to just drive in reverse for a bit , then began to turn our bus around . 
 he misjudged , and put the back of the bus into a ditch on the right side of the road . 
 the wheels spun helplessly . 
 the other bus reached a maintenance road a few hundred yards behind us and pulled off the highway . 
 as its profile cleared the road , it revealed a crowd of shambling death approaching from the city . 
 more undead were appearing from around the wrecked cars . 
 `` get us moving ! '' 
 someone yelled , as if the driver did n't understand the urgency of the situation . 
 it was hopeless though ; that bus was going nowhere soon , and the undead would be surrounding us in moments . 
 the gunners on the roof kept taking out the ones that got closest , but they would run out of ammunition eventually . 
 my eyes were locked on one particular zombie , a pre-teen girl in jeans and a hana montana t-shirt , her hair still pulled up by a purple scrunchy . 
 she lurched toward the bus until a shotgun blast hit her , but the shot was wide and low ; it simply took off her arm at the shoulder , and after spinning around and then wandering in a wide circle , she headed back toward the bus . 
 before i could witness the shot that would finish her , kalee grabbed my arm . 
 `` isaac , look over there . '' 
 she pointed at the first bus , now driving toward us on the maintenance road on the other side of a ditch running parallel to the highway . 
 it began slowing as it drew close . 
 kalee did n't hesitate . 
 `` everyone out ! 
 get to the other bus . '' 
 she was already up and heading to the front of the bus . 
 the gunners clued in to what was happening and began focusing on clearing a path between the two vehicles . 
 people grabbed whatever supplies they could and took off running . 
 our driver picked up a length of pipe he had stored under his seat and stepped outside to defend the people as they filed out . 
 the gunners mostly kept the way clear , but occasionally someone needed to stop and reload , and then the one of the fiends would get close . 
 twice i saw the driver brain a zombie with that pipe , knocking it down or slowing it and giving time for the gunners to finish it . 
 kalee and i had been toward the back of the bus and were some of the last ones out . 
 i heard someone yelling . 
 hands pounding on metal . 
 we ran to the ditch and began climbing up the other side before i realized what i had heard . 
 `` the quarantined ! '' 
 i shouted as i turned and looked back , `` my god we 've left them behind . '' 
 several of the gunners had already jumped down from the roof , continuing to shoot as they retreated to the other bus . 
 milo and another gunner , a middle aged woman with close cut blond hair , remained on the roof . 
 the driver was at the luggage compartment , heaving the door open . 
 then the blond woman 's gun ran dry , and she disconnected her safety line and tried to climb down . 
 she fell , had trouble getting up , and was set upon immediately . 
 the horde began closing on the driver even as he was pulling the first of the sick out of the luggage compartment . 
 milo fired into the undead crowd , but it just was n't enough . 
 the bus was completely surrounded now , and some of them were heading toward us . 
 kalee shook me . 
 `` move , isaac ! 
 we need to get out of here '' she did n't need to tell me twice . 
 the undead were in the ditch and heading toward us . 
 we pushed our way onto the bus . 
 it was packed beyond belief . 
 people sat on top of one another , stood in the aisle , several children had even been hoisted into the luggage racks . 
 the bus began moving as soon as kalee and i crammed ourselves onto the stairs just inside the door . 
 i pulled myself up the top step and looked out the window to the other bus as we pulled away . 
 the last i saw of milo , he was still standing on the roof , firing into a growing swarm of walking dead . 
 `` milo . '' 
 kalee nearly whispered it , so i barely heard her over the engine noise and the din of our fellow passengers . 
 she slumped down on the step , buried her head in her hands , and began to shake . 
 i put my hand on her shoulder and squeezed . 
 it 's the best i could do in our cramped conditions . 
 i felt helpless . 
 we rode like that for a while , until the bus began to slow . 
 i heard jack say , `` i think we should turn north here . '' 
 i finally noticed that jack was driving . 
 max folded over the aaa map he was looking at and answered , `` i do n't know , these farm roads do n't show up on the map . '' 
 `` it should be fine . '' 
 jack reassured , `` they make a big grid . 
 we can get almost anywhere on them . 
 it 'll be a good way to avoid the populated areas . '' 
 max seemed convinced , and we headed north . 
 after placing enough distance between us and the zombie infested highway , jack stopped the bus and let everyone get out . 
 two of the gunners scanned the distance with binoculars while people took restroom breaks , repacked supplies , and looked for a more comfortable seating arrangement . 
 a single walking dead was seen in the distance , but we were loaded up and moving again before it got close . 
 it was decided we would head north a bit longer , then west until we reached interstate 35 , follow that for a bit before heading farther west on more farm roads , then north into kansas . 
 one of our group was certain there was a fema facility in northwestern kansas , so that seemed as good a direction to head as any . 
 we headed north until the next crossroads , then turned west toward i35 . 
 we reached a point where the farm road was washed out and impassable . 
 a tractor might have made it over but our bus would likely not . 
 jack carefully drove backwards to the previous crossroads , then headed north and took the next western road . 
 it was slow going on those dirt roads , but we eventually saw i35 in the distance , as well as a farm house , barn , and related structures . 
 it was rather picturesque actually , a modest white painted house , faded red barn , a pair of grain silos , and a windmill . 
 like something off a postcard . 
 the dirt road we were on would take us right past it . 
 jack slowed and stopped as we approached the turn-off that could take us directly to the farm . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he asked max . 
 `` it 's fairly secluded , and we need to stop somewhere before it turns dark . '' 
 max replied . 
 `` i say we check it out . '' 
 we drove right up to the house and parked next to an old chevy impala station wagon . 
 max told everyone to stay on board while he and a couple of the gunners checked it out . 
 max stepped right up to the front door , knocked and shouted hello . 
 nobody came out , but something crashed noisily within , and i thought i could hear a now familiar moaning sound . 
 the gunners walked around the house , peaking in the windows , eventually confirming the presence of at least two undead . 
 max and the two gunners conferred for a bit , then walked out of sight behind the house . 
 a minute later a couple of gunshots was heard . 
 a few minutes later max came out the front door . 
 he waved at us to exit the bus . 
 as soon as jack got out , max walked over and filled him in . 
 `` just the two of them . 
 we lured 'em out back and took care of it . 
 the rest of the house is clean , but we should inspect the barn and other buildings and make sure there are no surprises waiting . '' 
 jack nodded , and relayed the instructions to the other gunners . 
 they broke up into pairs and went to work . 
 the rest of us filed into the house and began to settle in for the night . 
 april 27 - the farmhouse , oklahoma this farm has been a godsend . 
 there was n't much in the kitchen , but the basement was filled with canned food . 
 not the store bought kind , but glass mason jars of jams , jellies , fruit , and every conceivable vegetable one might grow in a home garden . 
 those farmers might have survived a year on it , had they not joined the undead . 
 we can stretch it and feed our group for a few days at least . 
 we also found guns and ammunition ; a shotgun with plenty of shells , two .22 caliber pistols also with lots of ammo , an old .303 bolt action rifle that unfortunately had only a few rounds with it . 
 the barn contains an old flatbed farm truck , a tractor , and a hay wagon . 
 out back we found fuel tanks for both diesel and regular gas , though the diesel is nearly empty and the gas is completely so . 
 there is no electricity to run the house well pump , but the windmill works just fine , so there is no shortage of water . 
 jack also found a gasoline generator while poking around in the machine shop back of the barn . 
 he thinks he can siphon gas from the station wagon to get it running . 
 right now , though , he is checking on the farm truck to see if it runs . 
 all in all , this place is paradise compared to what we 've been through the last few days . 
 the loss of milo hit kalee pretty hard . 
 she stopped crying rather quickly , but she has been rather quiet and withdrawn . 
 i tried to talk to her for a while , but i 'm just no good with this sort of thing . 
 miguel is sitting with her now . 
 i expect he knows better how to help people dealing with loss , being a medical professional . 
 unfortunately , he ca n't stay with her long . 
 plenty of people were injured during our escape , though none seriously . 
 he has been doing rounds and looking after every medical problem , not matter how trivial . 
 he also set up our new quarantine area out on the sun porch . 
 we lost two more people , so there are only four people in quarantine now . 
 one of them seems fully recovered , and another seems well on her way . 
 the other two are pretty far gone , nearly to the catatonic end-stage . 
 we might not need the quarantine much longer . 
 we dug graves today , two for the old farmer couple and two for that pair in quarantine . 
 i took a shift on the shovel . 
 it seems wrong to me , digging a grave for someone who is n't dead yet , but miguel says it 's a forgone conclusion with the state those two are in . 
 he watched a lot of people sicken and die at the clinic , and nobody survived once the eyes went glassy and yellow . 
 some people seem able to shake it off while it 's just acting like a respiratory bug , but most do n't . 
 he says the fatality rate has been as high as 85 percent at some hospitals . 
 the lowest any place reported was around 70 percent . 
 we 've had nearly 20 people go through our quarantine , and it looks like we 'll have three survivors and would have had at least four if we had n't lost the other bus . 
 no real medical facilities and yet we did better than some hospitals . 
 i 'm not sure if that says something about miguel 's skill in setting up our quarantine care or if it 's more a commentary on the american health care system . 
 i got a good look at the farmers as we lowered them into their graves . 
 an older couple . 
 the woman was in her nightgown , the man in bib overalls and a t-shirt . 
 he had obvious bite marks on his arms . 
 i wonder if he might have survived the plague if he had n't been bitten by his wife . 
 i wonder how many of the 15 to 30 percent who survived the deadly cough eventually fell to the undead . 
 how many people are left alive in the world ? 
 are we now vastly outnumbered by the walking dead ? 
 april 28 - the farmhouse , oklahoma miracles do happen . 
 i was in the barn helping jack with the farm truck when we heard a commotion outside . 
 twice already our peaceful refuge had been invaded by a wandering zombie , but they both were easily dispatched . 
 we cautiously left the barn assuming the undead had made another appearance . 
 a silver suv was heading down the driveway from i35 . 
 it pulled up near the bus , and a disheveled , dark haired figure climbed out . 
 milo . 
 he was walking with a limp , his shirt was torn up , and he was dirty as all hell , but unless zombies have started driving cars , he was very much alive . 
 pretty soon nearly the entire group was outside , everyone cheering or shouting questions . 
 milo was laughing and trying to answer when he was tackled by kalee . 
 she hugged him so hard i 'm surprised his ribs did n't crack . 
 i am happy milo survived , even if he does n't have much use for me , but i 'm doubly happy that it 's knocked kalee out of her funk . 
 maybe it 's a bit selfish of me , but i think i really need her usual optimism right now . 
 once all the excitement died down , milo finally sat on the front steps of the farm house and told us his story . 
 `` i emptied my shotgun into that mess below me . 
 i was n't really thinking it through , i just could n't let the people in the luggage compartment ... i mean , nobody deserves ... '' he took a deep breath , then continued . 
 `` once i was out of shells and just really took a good look at the situation , i realized how truly fucked i was . 
 the freaks were mostly bunched up by the luggage door , so i figured if i was going to make break for it , the opposite side of the bus was my best chance . 
 i could n't climb down , and a jump to the pavement would break my legs , so i reasoned there was only one option . 
 i aimed for fattest , softest freak i could find on the outside of that crowd . 
 i jumped and planted my feet right on his shoulders , rode the fat bastard down , then tucked in my shoulder , rolled , and came up running . '' 
 `` and you did n't get bit ? '' 
 someone asked . 
 milo rolled up the left leg of his jeans to reveal a bite mark on the thick leather of his cowboy boots . 
 `` when you are going to kick some zombie ass , be sure to dress for the job . '' 
 he answered . 
 he continued . 
 `` so i took off running , headed north off the road then west parallel to it . 
 i saw the dust trail from the bus , but there was no way i was going to catch it . 
 ran into a few freaks . 
 managed to avoid most of them . 
 had to go through a couple of them . '' 
 he held up his empty shotgun to display some dark smears on the wooden stock . 
 `` i kept along that frontage road , thinking i might scavenge some supplies from the abandon cars , but wherever there was cars , there was always some undead freak stumbling around . 
 i did n't really like the idea of just heading out into the fields with nothing but an empty gun , but it was beginning to look like i would have to . 
 then i found it , just sitting there . 
 driver side door open , keys still in it ... like it had been dropped there by the gods of detroit . '' 
 `` actually it 's a european import ... '' `` hey , who 's story is this ? '' 
 milo exclaimed , but with a laugh in his voice . 
 a chuckle went through the crowd , and he continued . 
 `` so i went down highway 33 for a while , then off a side road and tried to pick up the trail of the bus . 
 drove back and forth a bit trying to pick up tracks but had no luck . 
 siphoned gas from a couple of abandoned cars . 
 found some granola bars and a couple of juice boxes in one . 
 spent a couple nights sleeping in the car out in the middle of nowhere . 
 woke up to a deader pounding on the passenger window the second morning , but managed to drive off before it did more than crack it . 
 i gave up on picking up the bus 's trail , so i just headed west , picked up i35 and drove north . 
 ran into a big mess of the freaks . 
 had to go off-road to get around them . 
 then , picked up 35 again , heading north and saw the bus , just sitting here big as life . 
 and here i find all of you just sitting back living the easy life while i 'm out there playing road warrior . '' 
 max clapped milo on the shoulder and exclaimed , `` well we 're sure glad to have you back . 
 i wo n't blame you if you want to take it easy for a bit . '' 
 `` hmmm . 
 about that . '' 
 milo replied . 
 `` that mess of undead i drove around , south of here on i35 . 
 they were headed this way . '' 
 `` how far away ? '' 
 someone asked . 
 milo thougtht about it a moment , then replied , `` they are n't moving very fast , but i expect the leading edge to reach here by nightfall . 
 they 're a bit spread out ... not all moving the same speed i suppose . 
 still , they seem to be mostly staying to the road , so i expect they will come straight here . 
 `` do you think they will go past ? '' 
 the question came from a middle aged woman name sarah sitting next to max . 
 `` i mean , if we stay inside and stay quiet , they should just go past , right ? '' 
 she looked to max as she asked it . 
 most of us were looking at max . 
 `` they might . 
 but we do n't know enough about how they behave . 
 this place is n't secure enough to make a stand at , and we are low on ammunition and food . 
 i was thinking we should move on soon anyway . 
 better we just stay ahead of them . '' 
 the discussion began to heat up to the point that max was having difficulty being heard . 
 finally jack gave a piercing whistle , and max jumped into the momentary silence to grab control of the debate . 
 `` listen , i know we all like this place , but our best bet is still to head for the fema center in oklahoma . 
 we need to stop our jawin ' and start packing up . '' 
 with that , he turned to jack and moved ahead as if the decision had been made . 
 `` jack , is that farm truck road worthy , and will it pull the hay wagon . '' 
 jack nodded as he answered , `` yup . 
 i 'll want to top her off from the diesel tank out back , if we do n't put it all in the bus that is . 
 there might be some fuel i can siphon out of the tractor too . '' 
 the station wagon runs , and we 've got milo 's suv . 
 we wo n't be as cramped as the ride here . '' 
 `` ok , load up the generator , and any tools you might need . 
 sarah , you pick a few helpers and start loading up the last of the canned food . 
 we should also fill up every water container we can find . 
 miguel , i trust you to take care of medical supplies and moving the quarantine back to the baggage area . '' 
 with that we were all moving . 
 i helped jack with the farm truck , then picked through the tools in the machine shed . 
 we stowed the tools and the generator on the hay wagon . 
 the truck has a flat bed with no sides , but we found a railing that could be attached and locked in place with steal pins . 
 this would provide at least some protection from falling off , though not much protection from the undead if we found ourselves surrounded . 
 after the truck and the wagon was ready , i looked for kaylee but found her busy loading supplies on the bus . 
 milo and miguel had their own tasks to keep themselves busy , and jack was looking over maps with max . 
 our group numbers over a hundred , but i still know so few of them . 
 i 've just never been very good at the people thing . 
 maybe that 's why i find myself turning to this journal so readily despite never being much of a writer in the past . 
 like the electronics and computers i would normally retreat to , it 's just not as complicated as people . 
 april 28 - on the road , oklahoma we left the farmhouse with a few hours of daylight left , and max intended to make the best of every minute . 
 we would head north on i35 for a while , then west on a county highway or farm road , making sure to stay clear of oklahoma city or even any small towns . 
 with luck , we would find another farm house to hole up in before it got dark . 
 our caravan was led by max driving milo 's suv . 
 sarah road shotgun with him , literally carrying a shotgun in the passenger seat . 
 jack drove the bus again , and a young guy named oliver drove the farm truck . 
 i was a passenger in the station wagon being driven by a red haired fellow named gabriel . 
 milo was back on top of the bus along with three other gunners . 
 miguel and kaylee were on the bus . 
 i would have preferred to be on the bus too , but jack asked that i ride in the tail car to keep an eye out for anything falling off the farm truck or the hay wagon . 
 i could see a scattered group of shambling figures walking toward us from the south as we pulled onto i35 , the leading edge of the horde milo had spotted . 
 it was a relatively uneventful drive . 
 we encountered a few walking dead , but in small enough numbers that they did not present much of a problem . 
 max dodged them in the suv . 
 jack ran a couple over with the bus . 
 the rest of us stayed close to the bus and let jack clear the way . 
 the gunners did n't even waste any ammo . 
 gabriel kept up a constant chatter as he drove , barely letting me or the other passengers in the station wagon get a word in . 
 `` my name 's gabriel , like the archangel , '' he started in , `` but you can all call me gabe . '' 
 he went on to tell us that he had been a seminary student , but `` that had nothing to do with being named after an angel . '' 
 he went on talking about how exciting it was being in the end-times , as foretold in revelations in the bible . 
 a teenage girl named shelly asked if that meant we had been left behind after the rapture . 
 `` oh i do n't claim to have any answers . '' 
 gabe replied . 
 `` i joined the seminary because all i had was questions . 
 the bible is actually a bit vague about the end times . 
 that whole thing about the rapture and the tribulation , there is still a lot of debate going on in theological circles ... at least there was . 
 i think god 's hand must be in this though , just like the great flood . 
 it 's his way to bend the forces of nature and use them to work his will . '' 
 `` so you think the undead are natural ? '' 
 the same teenage girl asked . 
 `` yes , i suppose so . 
 it 's a plague of sorts , is n't it ? '' 
 he thought about it a bit more before continuing , `` i mean , just because we have n't seen something like it before does n't mean it is n't part of god 's nature . 
 he 's used plagues and pestilence before . '' 
 i kept silent . 
 i was never very religious myself and just assumed there was some sort of scientific explanation for the dead seeming to rise . 
 but what do i know , maybe we really are in the end times , and we are all just playing our part in god 's mysterious plan . 
 we kept north until reaching an interchange for state highway 11 , then max slowed and signaled that he was taking the ramp . 
 we all followed and headed west , ignoring the few buildings there . 
 i noticed a boarded up mexican restaurant and wondered if we might find food in it , but max evidently did not want to use up our remaining daylight by stopping to look . 
 we drove west , and soon found nothing but empty fields on either side . 
 a few minutes down the road , a large complex of buildings appeared on the north side of the road . 
 the caravan stopped , and i saw max get out of the suv and walk back to the bus , no doubt to talk to jack . 
 after a few minutes he headed back to the suv and led us all into the nearly empty parking lot of the building . 
 a large sign announced that it was liberty forklift assembly plant 5 , `` a proud american manufacturer of quality warehouse systems '' . 
 the parking lot had only two cars in it , so the plant must have been closed when everything finally came apart . 
 perhaps they shut down when too many of the workers were out sick . 
 we all climbed out of our respective vehicles to stretch our legs , and max addressed the group . 
 `` we 'll bed down here tonight . 
 this place is off the main roads a bit and well built , so we should be safe here . 
 we 'll sweep it for supplies and then decide on a route in the morning . '' 
 he turned to milo and the other gunners . 
 `` those two cars in the parking lot might mean people , or they might mean we 've dead to deal with . 
 you know the drill ; split into pairs , sweep the building , make note of anything useful you see , but leave it for others to retrieve later . 
 our first goal is to make sure this place is safe . '' 
 i wandered over to where kalee was standing , thankful for a chance to finally talk to her . 
 `` it looks like we have at least another hour of daylight . 
 i 'm surprised max did n't look for something farther down the road , a bit farther from the interstate . '' 
 `` would you want to sweep a building for zombies in the dark ? '' 
 was her answer . 
 i could n't fault her logic . 
 `` seems an odd place to build something like this though , out in the boonies . '' 
 she looked around , as if trying to see the merits of the location . 
 `` i suppose the land was cheap , '' i answered , `` though they probably also had to pay the power company to extend electrical service from the lines along the interstate . '' 
 i pointed to the relatively new looking poles holding high voltage cables running to the building . 
 `` this whole factory ca n't be more than a couple years old . 
 they barely got going before it all came slamming down . '' 
 we chatted for a while about nothing in particular . 
 standing there , next to that bus as the evening sun went down , i could almost imagine this was all just some school outing and not the apocalypse . 
 miguel came over , and we all speculated about what we might find inside . 
 we all hoped it would include food , as rations had been very thin for more than a week now . 
 there is only so much you can water down soup before it stops being filling . 
 two of the gunners finally came out and declared the office area clear . 
 the others were still checking the factory floor and the loading bays . 
 we began hauling various supplies into the building , up the concrete steps through the main doors which someone had jimmied open . 
 miguel ran ahead to find a new quarantine area , eager to let the remaining sick out of the luggage area and into someplace more comfortable . 
 the office area of the factory was three stories tall , and its entrance led into an atrium that extended up that full three stories to a giant skylight . 
 the atrium was filled with dried , mostly dead tropical plants . 
 balconies on the second and third floors overlooked the area . 
 a couple of dusty benches that looked more appropriate to an outdoor park sat on either end of the plant beds . 
 kalee walked up and touched the leaves of one of the dried plants . 
 `` poor thing . '' 
 she whispered . 
 i 'd seen her face down hordes of average people transformed into mindless monsters with barely a twitch of emotion , yet these pitiful plants seemed to really move her . 
 miguel came jogging past and waved for us to follow him . 
 he had found a place to set up quarantine , a first floor room near a side door he had already propped open . 
 we went back to the bus where the luggage compartment door was already open , and two healthy looking people had already emerged carrying a pale third . 
 everyone gave them their distance as they laid the person on the pavement and went back into the compartment to retrieve the fourth . 
 the body came out , pale , motionless , with its arms and legs bound . 
 she was a young woman , in her twenties probably , in a floral patterned blouse and tan slacks . 
 she had stringy blond hair , knotted from days of neglect . 
 her skin was the gray of death . 
 then it began . 
 a twitching at first . 
 then the arms straining against the ropes . 
 her eyes came open , glassy and yellowish , but looking at us . 
 her mouth opened and a raspy groan emerged . 
 it deepened and gained in volume . 
 we stood horrified and transfixed . 
 miguel shook his head slowly . 
 `` it should n't have been allowed to go this far . 
 she must have died on the road . 
 they had no way to tell us . '' 
 he went to the hay wagon and retrieved an ax . 
 he hooked the ax over the ropes that bound the woman 's feet and began to drag her to the edge of the parking lot , away from the vehicles . 
 `` isaac , give me some help with this . '' 
 i ran over , grabbed the handle of the ax with him and helped him awkwardly drag her the rest of the way . 
 `` now stand back '' he swung the ax overhead , and it came down with a sickening crunch . 
 i though he meant to decapitate her , but he had planted the blade right in her skull . 
 the body stopped moving . 
 miguel planted his foot on her chest , pulled out the bloody ax , and started heading back . 
 the blood was n't red as i expected , more like brownish black . 
 it was also thicker than normal blood . 
 `` we 'll need to dig a grave . '' 
 miguel announced flatly . 
 `` two actually ; the other one does n't have long . '' 
 i thought back to the unfilled graves we had dug for them back at the farm , back before we realized we would leave so soon . 
 i walked back to kalee . 
 `` i 'm going to get a shovel from the wagon . '' 
 i said , but then made no move to find it . 
 kalee looked at me , her expression a bit sad , but also a bit distant . 
 like she was remembering something . 
 `` i 'm ... i 'm going to water some plants . '' 
 she announced , then turned and walked back into the building . 
 i stood there for a while , watching her go , then finally walked to the hay wagon to dig through the tools . 
 maybe we could get the grave dug before the last of our light vanished . 
 i found two shovels , and miguel and i together dug a grave before night fell . 
 it was not as deep as we would have liked , but we would n't be staying here more than a day , so it would suffice . 
 the second grave would have to wait until morning . 
 miguel explained that when the other ill person passed , his brain would be destroyed using a thin , sharp blade inserted through the corners of the eye sockets . 
 this had proven very effective in preventing the reanimation process while not producing a gruesome mess . 
 we rolled the dead woman into her grave and shoveled a thin layer of dirt onto her , then decided we would finish the job in the morning when we had more light . 
 we hurried inside as soon as we were done . 
 in the atrium , we found milo and another gunner escorting a short , sandy haired fellow wearing a long blue trench coat . 
 i had never seen this guy before . 
 max was coming down the stairs from one of the upper office floors , having been retrieved by sarah . 
 milo was calling out to max even before he was completely down the stairs . 
 `` max , we found this guy in the cafeteria . 
 you really need to hear what he has to say . '' 
 april 28 - the factory , oklahoma i 'm nothing if not curious , so when max headed off to a conference room with the stranger , i tagged along , as did milo , jack , sarah , and a few other people . 
 the stranger dove right in . 
 `` my name is thomas reynolds . 
 i work for . . 
 worked for the cdc at the kansas fema center near colby . '' 
 that grabbed max 's attention . 
 `` the fema center . 
 near colby . 
 so you know where it is ? 
 you could guide us there ? '' 
 `` i could , '' thomas gave a long slow sigh before continuing , `` but you would n't like what you found there . 
 it was overrun several days ago . 
 the infected breached the fences ... just kept piling up until the chain link toppled over , then swarmed the national guard troops faster than they could shoot . 
 the military loaded all us civilian cdc researchers on army trucks , used mortars to punched a hole in the lines of the infected and drove through . 
 i was in the second truck , so we made it through before the lines closed back in . '' 
 `` so it 's ... totally gone . 
 is there anywhere safe ? '' 
 max seemed to address the question to the heavens more than thomas , but thomas answered anyway . 
 `` you 're sitting in the safest place i 've found . 
 as far as i know , all the populated areas have fallen . 
 i had a friend in the guard that heard reports coming in over military communications . 
 the coastal cities fell first , but it moved inland fast enough . 
 anywhere there was people . 
 the higher the concentration of people , the harder the area was hit . 
 the infection spread far and wide . 
 it was everywhere before we knew what it was . 
 we never had a chance to lock things down with a real quarantine . '' 
 he rested his head in his hands and rubbed his temples . 
 `` we never had a chance . '' 
 `` nowhere safe . '' 
 max whispered . 
 it was n't a question this time . 
 `` i was trying to make my way south to the coast . 
 the last i heard , the cdc still had a research lab set up on a nuclear air craft carrier stationed in the gulf of mexico . 
 the sargent driving our evacuation truck wanted to try for the mcconnel air force base near wichita , but that 's almost certainly overrun by now . 
 i could n't get him to listen to reason , so i slipped away , found a working car , and got this far before running out of gas . 
 probably a good thing . 
 my idea was n't any better really . 
 the coast will be swarming with infected . '' 
 april 28 - the factory , oklahoma the revelation about the fema center really took the wind out of max 's sails . 
 he ended the meeting with thomas and just wandered off alone into the factory for a while . 
 when he came back , he barely spoke , answering questions with one or two word replies . 
 sarah finally got a bit more out of him when she pressed him about what we should do next . 
 `` how the hell should i know ? '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` why are you even asking me ? 
 it 's not like i 'm really any kind of leader . 
 i do n't have some god damn map to the promised land . '' 
 `` you 've done alright so far . '' 
 sarah replied quietly . 
 `` alright ? 
 i 've lead us out into the middle of nowhere to starve to death instead of being eaten alive . 
 some leadership . 
 you want a leader , hold a damn election . 
 i 'm sure you can find someone better at it than me . '' 
 sarah had no immediate reply , but jack reacted . 
 he started calling the rest of the group into the atrium . 
 he even sent a few people running to collect those few still poking around the farther reaches of the factory . 
 once most of the group was there , he jumped up on a bench and called a group meeting to order . 
 `` max has called for an election , and i think that 's a really good idea . 
 i 'll start out by nominating max to continue leading our little band of merry men and women . 
 does anyone second ? '' 
 max seemed about to object , but sarah jumped in with , `` i second that ! '' 
 and it was quickly followed by several people offering `` thirds '' and `` fourths '' . 
 `` ok , lets proceed to a vote . '' 
 jack continued . 
 `` i just said i did n't want this job . '' 
 max finally interjected . 
 `` besides , you ca n't have an election with just me on the ballot ... i nominate ... uh , you jack '' this was quickly seconded by several people . 
 then someone nominated sarah , and we had a three way race . 
 jack began to call for a show of hands for each candidate , but then someone suggested we should have a secret ballot . 
 i donated a few blank pages from my journal notebook to be torn up into ballots and someone offered up a small empty duffel bag to be used as the ballot box . 
 pens and pencils were passed around as we all voted and dropped the folded scraps of paper into the bag . 
 when it was all done and the votes counted , both sarah and jack had a respectable number of votes , but max had taken it in a landslide . 
 he did n't seem terribly happy with the result , but he at least seemed resigned to it . 
 `` you are all crazy , you realize that , do n't you ? '' 
 max let out an exasperated sigh , `` you really want to be led by an old , overweight , air conditioner repairman ? '' 
 but then he seemed to get back a bit of his old energy . 
 `` alright then , since i do n't have any bright ideas about what we do next , my first action as your officially elected grand potentate is to ask you all for opinions . 
 the fema center is a bust . 
 our newcomer thomas says it 's gone , and he does n't know of any other good options . 
 our food and ammunition is low . 
 i want everyone to give our situation some thought then write down what you think we should do , what our priorities need to be . 
 when you are done , give it to sarah . 
 we 'll go over them all tomorrow and take it from there . '' 
 he turned to me and nodded at my notebook . 
 `` can you spare ... no , i see you scribbling in that thing all the time . 
 i 'm sure there has to be more paper around here somewhere . 
 someone find where the office supplies are stashed in this place . '' 
 `` grand potentate . '' 
 jack chuckled . 
 `` is that your official title then ? '' 
 `` i think mayor would fit the situation . '' 
 sarah chimed in . 
 `` mayor max reynolds . 
 sort of has a nice ring to it . '' 
 `` anyone calling me mayor is going to find themselves run out of here on a rail . 
 it 's just max . 
 now go find something useful to do . '' 
 and with that the meeting broke up . 
 a few of us lingered with max as he leaned back on the atrium park bench and stared up at the dimming sky through that massive skylight . 
 `` smart move , that whole asking people to write down their ideas . '' 
 sarah said . 
 `` it will keep them occupied , more hopeful . 
 i think morale was headed for a pretty steep dive without that . '' 
 `` i suppose so . '' 
 answered max , `` but that 's not why i did it . 
 i really am out of ideas . '' 
 he straightened up in the bench and looked at each of us in turn . 
 `` i mean , what do we do now ? 
 with the fema center i at least had a target to aim at . 
 a goal that defined what each next step needed to be . 
 now what ? 
 you 've seen what 's out there . 
 you 've heard what thomas had to say . 
 what the hell is left out there that can offer us any hope ? '' 
 jack seemed to think about this for a bit , then finally replied , `` we have us . 
 everyone in our group . 
 and all the other groups like us holed up out there somewhere . 
 we have our basic human ingenuity . 
 our courage and drive and plain old stubbornness that allows people to overcome the impossible over and over again . 
 we have us ... and that 's just going to have to be enough . '' 
 april 30 - the factory , oklahoma it 's been a couple days since the election and things have been rather peaceful , all things considered . 
 we buried the last of the quarantined sick and welcomed the two survivors back into the general population . 
 kalee discovered a bit more food in the cafeteria kitchen and immediately set about stretching it into another thin meal . 
 jack and i spent some time poking around in the factory floor , seeing if there was anything useful . 
 it is a pretty cutting edge automated assembly line , with robotic arc welders and riveters and no end of other toys , but i could n't get much of a good look at any of it with the electricity out . 
 a bit of light leaked in from a few windows , and i had a tiny led flashlight , but most of the machinery was lost in shadow until you got right up to it . 
 i should have enjoyed poking around all that gadgetry , but if anything it made me a little sad . 
 it made me miss mit even more , the life i was working toward and would probably never see now . 
 who needs an electrical engineer in a world without electricity ? 
 after our expedition to the factory floor , jack and i went back to the offices and spent some time playing chess . 
 we could n't find an actual chess set , so we drew out a chess board on the back of a motivational poster and scared up a random assortment of bolts , nuts , and washers to designate as different pieces . 
 jack wrapped black electrical tape around his pieces and let me start . 
 we speculated about the future as we played . 
 `` do you think things will ever return to normal ? '' 
 i asked while i slid a washer/pawn forward . 
 `` not for a long time . '' 
 jack answered , `` according to thomas , the epidemic was really bad . 
 it 's a pretty good bet that most of the world 's population is walking around dead now . '' 
 he jumped a wingnut/knite out of his back row . 
 `` even if all the undead were gone tomorrow , the remaining live people would still be left with a very different world . '' 
 `` so all that stuff you said about human ingenuity and hope ... '' `` i meant it . 
 i just do n't think we can expect any return to normal . 
 we 'll need to find a new normal . 
 adapt . '' 
 i moved another pawn . 
 `` but if the world governments and military and all that could n't stop the collapse , what real hope do we have ? '' 
 jack thought for a bit before answering . 
 `` we need to play a different game . '' 
 he picked up a washer and squinted at it . 
 `` this pawn . 
 in a chess game you might sacrifice it to gain a better position on the board , more control over certain squares . 
 that works fine when your opponent has similar pieces and is playing by the same rules . 
 but what about when your opponent vastly outnumbers you , does n't care about the rules , does n't even know they exist ? 
 then every pawn becomes precious . 
 i expect the governments fought the undead like a normal military opponent . 
 they sacrificed foot soldiers to protect territory , not realizing the soldiers were more precious than any damn patch of land . '' 
 he put the pawn down so it was attacking one of my knights . 
 `` we need to be smarter than that . '' 
 i moved my knight to a safer location . 
 i did n't answer right away . 
 his words had me thinking . 
 we kept playing and chatting , but the whole time my mind was racing off in another direction , thinking about that other sort of game he thought we should be playing . 
 may 2 - the factory , oklahoma today max called a meeting of what one might call his ` senior staff ' . 
 that mostly consists of sarah , and jack , but i was there because i 've basically become jack 's assistant . 
 kalee sat in to give a report on the status of our food supplies , and miguel talked about our medical supplies and the general health of our group . 
 thomas was asked to fill us in on everything he knows about the epidemic and the undead . 
 we started out with sarah showing the large stack of written comments she had collected from the everyone . 
 some people had written only a few lines , but others had been quite verbose . 
 it resulted in a stack of several hundred pages . 
 it would take hours to get through it all . 
 jack looked at the massive stack , then gave half of it to me and the other half to kalee . 
 `` read through it . 
 summarize . 
 write me a report for our next meeting . 
 let me know what the biggest concerns are . 
 highlight any good ideas people had . '' 
 i want to feel good about his confidence in our abilities , but i suspect he just feels everyone else has more important things to do . 
 jack gave a quick report on the condition of the building and the various resources in it . 
 the building is sturdy brick and could make a good refuge against an undead attack , though the ground floor windows in the office area are a potential weak point . 
 he is working on a plan to reinforce the windows , though in the short term he recommends we move critical supplies to the second and third floors and come up with a way to barricade the stairwells if we need to . 
 sarah reported on morale and discipline issues and our dwindling supply of ammo . 
 miguel joined in with additional commentary on the health issues , the most pressing being that one of our group has diabetes and a very limited supply of insulin . 
 kalee talked about the food supply , of which there was very little . 
 we have at most a couple more days of food . 
 i had nothing to report on , so i kept the minutes , making the whole thing seem a little more like an official government-like function and less like a bunch of desperate survivors squatting in a deserted factory . 
 finally we came to thomas 's report . 
 really it was more of a question and answer session , with max and miguel asking the most questions . 
 miguel 's questions were more clinical in nature , while max leaned toward questions about the impact of the epidemic and the behavior of the undead . 
 thomas had a tendency to lapse into long winded medical and scientific jargon when answering miguel 's questions , so i am not even going to try and accurately reproduce all his dialog here , but i 'll do my best in giving the gist of what he told us about zombie physiology . 
 the first thing he tried to make clear was that the walking dead have not really been brought back to life . 
 rather , the body is taken over by a viral parasite , something that takes over the cellular machinery , eventually replacing it with a brand new system that just happens to use the old body as scaffolding to build a new biology . 
 `` think of it like a corral reef where the original creatures have all died , leaving only the hardened , calcified shells that are later inhabited by entirely new animals . 
 thats what this thing does to our bodies . 
 while we are alive and infected , it uses our own blood stream and metabolism to spread through our cells , but then it kills us , devouring our cells from the inside but leaving most of the cell walls intact . 
 it changes the chemistry of the body , practically embalming it . '' 
 he went on to describe how the cellular metabolism was radically changed . 
 i did n't follow most of it , but in short , zombies do n't need to eat , they get their energy from some unknown mechanism , gradually breaking down the body 's tissues perhaps , absorbing something from the air ... thomas did n't know exactly . 
 what was clear , though , is that a zombie is very decentralized and thus hard to kill , more like a colony of creatures , like an ant hill or bee hive , rather than a single individual . 
 `` so if they do n't need to eat , why do they ? '' 
 sarah asked , `` as far as i can tell , it seems to be all they do , the only thing that motivates them . '' 
 `` yes , interesting , is n't it . '' 
 thomas seemed entirely too excited talking about this gruesome topic . 
 `` the most likely explanation is that it is evolved behavior that facilitates the propagation of the pathogen . 
 basically , it 's how the ` zombie ' virus reproduces . 
 indeed , all the behavior of the necrotized infected lends itself to that end . 
 an infected has an uncontrollable desire to feed , causing them to pursue and bite any person they come in contact with , yet they are also clumsy and slow , increasing the likelihood that a victim will escape once bitten , thus surviving to spread the infection . '' 
 miguel asked some questions about zombie behavior and neural physiology , and thomas happily went off into a jargon filled explanation about how the virus took advantage of the existing neural patterns of the brain to recreate various primal instinctive behavior . 
 he likened it to parasites in the insect world that could alter the behavior of the host to propagate the parasite , like infected ants that would climb up blades of grass to be eaten by wasps that would then in turn be infected . 
 all interesting stuff if rather revolting . 
 `` back up a minute , '' jack interrupted , `` you said the feeding instinct was evolved to spread the infection , but we 've seen people become infected without being bitten . 
 most people died from that nasty respiratory thing . 
 they still turned even without being bitten . '' 
 thomas pursed his lips . 
 his expression darkened . 
 `` yes , that is the really ... interesting part of all this . 
 on its own , the necrotizing pathogen could never have developed into such a massive epidemic . 
 the infected are too easily identified and quarantined . 
 it seems there was another virus . 
 something attached to the original virus , making it airborne , able to remain stable for a while outside of the body . 
 on its own it would be just a flu-like respiratory bug , a very virulent and deadly one , but nothing too unusual . 
 but this virus had just the right chemical structure to bond to the necrotizing virus . 
 it spread both . 
 once a victim dies , the respiratory virus dies with them , leaving only the necrotizing virus to take possesion of the corpse . 
 that is fortunate actually . 
 it means the ` deadly cough ' as you call it is likely to die out for good . 
 there just are n't enough living people to spread it anymore . 
 `` it was the perfect storm really . 
 a respiratory bug with a long infectious period before turning deadly . 
 a mobile , global society that could spread it far and wide . 
 a passenger virus that turned all the dead into a hazard for the survivors , confounding any effort to contain things . 
 perfect . '' 
 a tiredness entered his eyes . 
 `` what are n't you telling us ? '' 
 max whispered . 
 thomas was silent for while . 
 he stared into his coffee , now long cold . 
 `` it was too perfect . 
 that air-born virus , it was too perfectly suited to carrying its necrotizing passenger . 
 too unlike any other naturally occurring virus . 
 we had no proof , but a lot of the researchers thought it must have been engineered . '' 
 `` this whole damn plague ... zombies ... engineered ? '' 
 max seemed stunned . 
 `` not the zombie part , '' thomas insisted , `` i suspect that has been around a long time , thousands , maybe millions of years . 
 it 's just that air-born flu-like bug that seemed too ... perfect ... to be true . 
 i think this whole thing might have been the result of someone trying to engineer a naturally occurring ` zombie ' virus into a bio-weapon . '' 
 everyone was silent for a bit while we contemplated that . 
 finally , jack broke the silence , `` we fucking did it to ourselves . '' 
 `` probably , '' thomas admitted , `` but there 's no way to know for certain anymore . 
 i 'm just working from rumors . 
 a researcher from another lab claimed he was given a frozen sample of necrotizing pathogen that was decades old . 
 so that at least supports the idea that that the zombie bug has been around a long time , and our government , probably others , knew about it . '' 
 `` but this flu-like thing , you say that should die out ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` yes , almost certainly . '' 
 thomas answered , `` it will have killed off its own propagation vector . 
 survivors like us are isolated , no longer passing it around . 
 we only have to worry about the dead now . '' 
 from there we moved on to more practical topics , like zombie behavior and vulnerabilities . 
 thomas had less to tell us in that area , but it was still a wealth of information . 
 like the fact that zombies always keep moving , even if it is just to stand around twitching . 
 a corpse that is completely motionless is likely really dead and harmless . 
 he began to go off on a tangent about the ` self sustaining ecosystem of the necrotized cellular colony ' and how the twitching was part of how the undead metabolism kept itself functioning , but max steered him back to a more immediately useful track . 
 `` you may have noticed the undead are not very intelligent . '' 
 thomas expounded . 
 `` we estimate their cognitive abilities at even less than a newborn infant . 
 they have no ability to learn or reason , operating completely on instinct . 
 they will always head directly toward potential victims , regardless of danger to themselves . 
 indeed , it is likely they have no concept of ` self ' and no survival instinct . 
 they are the desire to feed made physical , and not much else . 
 `` they seem to utilize the full range of human senses , though hearing seems especially emphasized in locating prey , and touch is less important . 
 they have no perceptible pain response . 
 they are as strong as a living human , though slower and less coordinated . 
 they do n't really communicate or coordinate their actions with other infected , but they do have evolved responses that can make it seem that way . 
 they will moan or howl when they spot prey , and that can attract other infected in the area . 
 that can result in a swarming behavior that might look like a coordinated attack but really is not . 
 oh , and they seem to never get tired . 
 never . '' 
 as official minute keeper , i was scribbling madly to get this all down . 
 when thomas finally stopped , and there was no more immediate questions , it was a welcome relief for my cramped hand . 
 max called an end to the meeting but asked sarah to stick around to talk for a while . 
 miguel and jack headed off in different directions , and kalee and i carried our stacks of comment documents off to a quiet corner to begin reading . 
 may 3 - the factory , oklahoma slogging through all those scribbled comments , the worries and ideas of all my fellow survivors , it would have been boring if i had n't been sharing it with kalee . 
 we found a quite office on the west side of the building to take advantage of the evening sun , pulled a pair of chairs up to the same desk , and piled in . 
 mostly we read in silence , but every so often one of us would stop to read something interesting to the other . 
 we tallied up reoccurring themes , and made notes on ideas that stood out . 
 the hierarchy of concerns went something like this : 1 . 
 find more food 2 . 
 contact family/friends 3 . 
 find someplace safe 4 . 
 contact the government/military 5 . 
 locate more guns/ammunition/fuel there was also many suggestions about what we should do , including impractical ideas about cities we should head to , and descriptions of how we might turn our current refuge into a fortress . 
 i flagged a couple of comments that recommended we find a ham radio or try to connect with communication satellites to contact other survivors and gather more information . 
 those actually struck me as the kind of constructive suggestions that max was looking for . 
 several people made intriguing suggestions about nearby locations that might be scavenged for supplies . 
 i was particularly impressed with milo 's comments . 
 he did n't offer up any specific destinations , but he gave a detailed description of how he would organize scavenge teams and the type of tactics they would use . 
 it reflected hard won knowledge of zombie behavior that mirrored what thomas had described . 
 we finished going through our stacks of pages and then put our heads together combining our individual notes . 
 i looked longingly at the dead pc we had removed from the desk , and imagined what sort of spreadsheet i might have whipped up to better organize our notes . 
 i laboriously copied everything into one neat document , looked it over , then added one more item to the list of concerns . 
 6 . 
 locate a sustainable source of electrical power currently we are running the generator for less than an hour per day , and then mostly to drive the water pump for the factory 's well . 
 we also charge a few flashlights , power tools , and the hand-held cb at the same time . 
 i 've thought about rummaging up a laptop from one of the offices and adding that to the list , but i really ca n't justify it . 
 we have limited gasoline , and we need to it for the cars so we can search for supplies . 
 kalee gave the document a final read through and nodded her approval . 
 `` you have better penmanship than me . '' 
 she declared , `` i thought guys are supposed to have worse handwriting . '' 
 she rested her head on her arm and looked over the paper at me . 
 `` it 's not like any school paper i 've ever written . 
 how to survive a zombie apocalypse ... please provide complete bibliography and cite all your sources . 
 weird . '' 
 i leaned back in my desk chair . 
 the setting sun left half her face in shadow but gave the other half a red-orange glow . 
 i wished for a moment that my phone was n't dead so i could snap a picture . 
 `` i would probably be in the robotics lab right now , back in boston , if things had n't gone to hell . '' 
 she gave a half smile , like she could picture it and found it amusing somehow . 
 `` what would you be doing right now , '' i asked , `` if it was n't the apocalypse ? '' 
 `` oh i would be back at the university in kansas city , probably all wired on coffee with my head buried in an organic chemistry textbook . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` your robotics lab sounds more fun . 
 i was picturing you in a mad scientists lab coat tinkering on some huge stompy monster robot all covered in claws and rocket launchers . '' 
 i laughed at that . 
 `` it 's not all tinkering . 
 i 'm a freshman , so most of the classes are all theory , so i spend a lot of time buried in textbooks too . '' 
 i would be embarrassed to admit that i still had those textbooks with me . 
 i should have been like milo and brought guns and food . 
 `` oh i do n't mind the studying , '' she said , `` it 's the exams that i hate . 
 you spend weeks or months learning all sorts of fascinating stuff , then you are expected to regurgitate some arbitrary slice of it on demand under some artificial time constraint . 
 i just hate the stress of it . 
 i mean , i was studying to be an environmental engineer , and i absolutely loved it . 
 i think i was born to be one , was studying for it on my own before i even knew what one was . 
 that 's done now i guess . 
 no worries about peak oil or climate change or anything . 
 no more pollution or development encroaching onto wetlands . 
 just a big green world overrun with walking dead people . '' 
 `` when you say it that way , it almost sounds nice . '' 
 i tried to make a joke of it , hoping to lighten the mood . 
 `` i suppose . 
 maybe . 
 maybe it 's selfish of me , wanting the old world back just so i can make a career of coming to its rescue . '' 
 she looked bemused . 
 `` i 'm just tired . 
 do n't listen to me . 
 i 'm going to turn in ; need to get up early for my new life as cafeteria worker . 
 get this to max , will you ? '' 
 she handed me our report as she got up to leave . 
 `` goodnight . '' 
 was all i could think to say as she walked away . 
 may 4 - the factory , oklahoma i did n't find max before going to bed last night , so i gave him the report this morning . 
 he was busy talking to sarah at the time , so he set it aside and promised to read it later . 
 i then tracked down jack to see if he needed any help with anything . 
 he was in a machine shop attached to the factory area leaning over what looked like a large car alternator . 
 a worktable had been dragged across the floor to take advantage of the light coming in through the room 's small , high windows . 
 from the dust on the floor , he had moved the table several times to follow the moving sunbeam . 
 `` anything i can help with ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` maybe , '' jack replied , `` i 've got this old truck alternator i found in the machine shed back at the farm . 
 i was thinking about how we might rig it up to generate power . 
 it 's a 12 volt system , and we have car adapters that can charge the flashlights and radio . 
 i might even figure some way to charge the cordless drill , though that might draw too much . 
 i 'm thinking , wind turbine , but i need to gear things up to the right rpms to make that work . '' 
 jack had an assortment of gears strewn across the table . 
 they were parts normally used in fork lifts , but he was attempting to adapt them to his purpose . 
 `` i think i can make some of these work , '' he said , `` but i would have to drill out the center hole in one of these to fit the alternator 's shaft and then do some welding . 
 that means running the generator for a while to power the arc welder and some other tools . 
 i 'm trying to figure a way to minimize that . '' 
 i looked at the parts . 
 `` they do n't have an acetylene torch here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they do actually , '' he answered , `` but no bottles of acetylene that i 've found . 
 i 've looked all over the factory and the shops . '' 
 if they have the welder , they should have the fuel , so it must be somewhere we had n't looked yet . 
 `` i heard someone say the office basement is full of stuff . 
 they 've only swept it to make sure it was zombie free , i do n't think anyone inventoried it . 
 maybe we 'll find something there . '' 
 jack smiled , scooped an led flashlight from the table , and handed it to me . 
 `` i have complete confidence in you . 
 i saw some sheet aluminum in the factory that we can make turbine blades out of . 
 i 'll be out there if i 'm not here when you get back . '' 
 i wondered back to the offices and took the stairs down to the basement . 
 with no windows and no electricity , it was a tomb . 
 it was absolute and complete blackness . 
 i turned on the feeble little flashlight . 
 it sliced temporary cones of reality into an otherwise impenetrable void . 
 did i mention it was dark ? 
 i walked among metal shelves stacked with office supplies , old computer parts , and boxes of financial records . 
 i could vaguely hear the sounds of activity above me , my fellow survivors dragging things about as they arranged the offices into a more comfortable refuge . 
 the basement was huge . 
 the entire factory must be nearly a million square feet , though most of that was the factory floor and warehouse . 
 the office area was probably less than a couple hundred thousand square feed counting the basement , but that meant the basement must be nearly 50,000 square feet all on its own , with row after row of shelves to examine . 
 i began to worry that my flashlight would not last long enough . 
 i worked my way down one row and up another , trying not to spend too much time looking at every little thing that caught my interest . 
 acetylene bottles , thats what i needed to focus on . 
 most of the basement was open space interrupted only by support columns and shelves , but one corner of it was walled off to create an equipment room of some kind . 
 pipes and conduits snaked around the basement ceiling and converged on this room . 
 it was built of cinder blocks . 
 a sturdy metal fire door emblazoned with warning labels led into it . 
 it was probably a furnace room , but it might also be some sort hazardous materials storage . 
 i was curious , so i decided to check it out before swinging back down the next row of shelves . 
 i pulled the heavy door open and shined the flashlight in . 
 the center of the room was filled with a large metal shape , a hot water boiler if i had to guess . 
 the walls held some electrical breaker panels and few shelves holding various sized cardboard boxes . 
 i stepped in to get a closer look . 
 an unpleasant odor drifted toward me . 
 then i heard it . 
 movement . 
 a breathy hissing sound . 
 i spun around , and my flashlight caught a human shape as it stumbled out from behind the boiler . 
 it was dressed in a security guard 's uniform , still wearing the hat even . 
 one sleeve of its shirt was torn up as was the flesh of its arm . 
 its throat was also chewed up , so much so that it evidently could only manage a raspy hiss . 
 the skin looked nearly white in the pale led light . 
 the eyes shown back like yellow embers . 
 it lurched toward me , arms reaching out . 
 i ran out the door and tried to slam it shut behind me , but the creature slammed against the door and pushed through before i could manage it . 
 i ran down a line of shelves , screaming . 
 i could hear it pursuing . 
 i rounded a corner and ran to where the stairwell should be . 
 there was only a brick wall . 
 i had gotten turned around somehow . 
 the monster was closing on me again . 
 i ran down another row of shelves , frantically trying to find the stairwell . 
 i stopped for a moment to get my bearings , swinging the flashlight around madly to make sure the creature was n't near . 
 suddenly an arm reached through the nearby shelves and grabbed me . 
 i yelled and pulled away . 
 it had me by the wrist and would n't let go . 
 i pulled , and the shelf it was reaching through threatened to topple over on top of me . 
 i twisted my arm around and got loose , and continued running . 
 a wall . 
 if i followed it , i must eventually find a stairwell . 
 there are two stairwells , and they are both near outside walls . 
 i ran , my fingers brushing the cinder blocks . 
 i waved the light in front of me , looking for the stairwell door . 
 i came to the corner . 
 it was a dead-end . 
 shelves ran parallel to the wall all they way to the adjacent wall . 
 i turned to double back just in time to see the monster round a corner and enter my blind alley . 
 i turned to the shelf and threw myself against it . 
 if i could knock it over , i could make an escape route . 
 but it was loaded with heavy machine parts of some sort and would n't budge . 
 i would have to climb it . 
 no time , the thing was almost on me . 
 i grabbed the first heavy object my hands landed on and swung it at the creature 's head . 
 there was a sickening crunch as it fell backwards . 
 i started to climb the shelves , but the zombie grabbed my leg and dragged me down . 
 i lost my balance . 
 my head hit the concrete wall . 
 the flashlight went spinning away . 
 a bit of light leaked out from under the shelf where it had had stopped . 
 i sprawled on the floor in the corner of two concrete walls while a dimly lit shape pulled itself up from the floor . 
 it loomed over me . 
 i could sense it more than see it . 
 i could feel the wind of its raspy hiss . 
 my hands found my makeshift club on the floor next to me . 
 i tried to lift it . 
 tried to defend myself . 
 i was exhausted . 
 my head was ringing . 
 then i could see it . 
 a dark silhouette . 
 an ink sketch of an undead . 
 concrete walls and shelves stretching away behind it . 
 it reached for me ... its head exploded . 
 my ears rung . 
 i was covered in a sticky mess . 
 the air smelled of it . 
 it also smelled of gunpowder . 
 i saw lights . 
 several figures with flashlights . 
 milo walked up holding a shotgun . 
 `` you ok isaac ? '' 
 he played his flashlight over me . 
 i was n't sure . 
 was i ok ? 
 i looked down , and finally saw what i had used for a club . 
 it was a pressurized tank of acetylene . 
 may 4 - the factory , oklahoma milo and a young woman named tilly helped me out of the basement to a shower in the locker rooms just off the factory floor . 
 there was no hot water , but i must have been in shock , because i did n't seem to care . 
 i soaped up and rinsed off repeatedly , probably using up most of the water that had been pumped into the rooftop tank this morning . 
 i also did n't think about tilly being one of the people holding a flashlight while i showered . 
 maybe i 'll feel embarrassed later . 
 my clothes , covered in zombie brains and blood , were disposed of . 
 i did n't ask what was done with them . 
 milo brought me a change of clothes , slightly too big for me , but at least clean . 
 after getting cleaned up , i returned to the office area where miguel ushered me into a conference room . 
 he had me strip off most of my new clothes and hop up on the conference table where he looked over every inch of my body , checking for bites or scratches . 
 he paid special attention to the growing bruise on my head , a result of slamming it into the wall when i fell from the shelf . 
 `` your lucky you did n't break the skin there , '' he declared , `` otherwise that shotgun blast might have sprayed zombie goo all over an open wound . '' 
 `` i 'll live ? '' 
 i asked , still in too much shock to really think through the possible consequences of the attack . 
 `` probably , but come see me right away if you start feeling sick . '' 
 i remembered the woman from the bus quarantine . 
 her pale body twitching . 
 her glassy eyes staring at me . 
 i remembered miguel pulling an ax from her head . 
 `` i will . '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` do n't worry too much . 
 it really does have to get through a break in the skin . 
 it was a good thing you were on the ground actually , otherwise that blast might have driven a bone chip right into you . '' 
 i shuddered , and just nodded my head . 
 he was just telling me to get dressed when kalee barged into the room . 
 she froze as soon as she saw me sitting there in my boxer shorts , turned bright red , then stammered , `` oh god , i 'm sorry ... i was told ... jack said you were in here but he did n't ... '' `` do n't worry about it , '' i reassured her as i jumped down and started getting dressed , `` i 'll be here all week , with a matinée performance on saturday . '' 
 i tried to wink at her , but i think it came off looking like a grimace . 
 god my head hurt . 
 `` you ok ? '' 
 she asked , then turned to miguel , `` he 's ok ? '' 
 `` yeah , except for that lump the size of idaho growing on his head , he is fine . 
 we 'll need to watch him for signs of concussion , but i think the risk is low . 
 we need to make sure he does n't sleep tonight . 
 you can help with that ? '' 
 she nodded , then turned to me to say something . 
 she stopped , her mouth half open , the skin around her eyes wrinkled , then she turned and ran out of the room . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 i asked miguel . 
 he just shook his head and answered , `` if you are looking for someone to explain women to you , you are asking the wrong guy . '' 
 may 5 - the factory , oklahoma it must be something like 2 in the morning now . 
 i played hours of chess with jack and lost every game . 
 i think that lump on my head is from my brains trying to burrow out of my skull . 
 it sure feels like that anyway . 
 kalee is here now . 
 she has n't been very talkative though . 
 i think maybe she 's mad at me about something , but i have n't found the courage to ask what . 
 i 've been trying to write in this damn journal just to keep myself occupied , but i keep finding myself just staring at the page for long stretches . 
 i 've resorted to doodling . 
 seems a silly waste of my journal paper , but there must be more notebooks among the office supplies . 
 may 5 - the factory , oklahoma i was sitting here staring at my notebook when kalee reached over and shook me , only kalee seems to have turned into milo . 
 i do n't remember him taking her place . 
 god i 'm tired . 
 i can see the sun coming up . 
 milo says miguel will check me out again in a few hours , and then it 's ok for me to sleep if i want to . 
 want to ? 
 i do n't think i have a choice at this point . 
 since i 'm not allowed to sleep yet , i think i 'll walk around for a while . 
 may 7 - the factory , oklahoma i woke up to balloons . 
 well not balloons exactly , they looked more like white kitchen-sized garbage bags , but they had smiley faces and ` get well soon ' messages scrawled on them with colorful markers , and they were floating like they were filled with helium . 
 they were tethered to a spiky looking plant poking out of an old coffee tin . 
 its long leaves were mostly green but faded to deep red toward the center of the plant . 
 i got up , rubbed the sleep from my eyes , and staggered into the hallway outside the office i had crashed in . 
 i ran into kalee almost immediately . 
 `` oh good , you 're up , '' she exclaimed . 
 `` if you had slept any longer , i was ready to ask miguel if we should wake you . '' 
 `` balloons ? '' 
 i inquired . 
 `` oh that was jack 's idea . 
 he found a tank of helium in the basement when they were ... cleaning up . 
 oh , and he says thanks for finding the acetone or whatever it was you were looking for . '' 
 i was n't entirely awake yet , so i did n't know how to respond . 
 she continued . 
 `` the plant was from me . 
 it 's a bromeliad . 
 i rescued it from the atrium . 
 close as i could come to flowers . 
 it 's easy to take care of , just be sure to water the leaves , not the soil . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 was all i could manage . 
 i felt a sudden an unexpected rush of emotion , but i honestly was n't sure what i was feeling . 
 maybe the impact of what had happened was finally hitting me . 
 `` well , i had to find a new home for it anyway , so it was no trouble . '' 
 kalee informed me i 'd slept for nearly a full day . 
 yesterday miguel checked my pupils , asked if i was feeling nauseous or disoriented , then finally sent me off to bed . 
 i feel worlds better now , though i still have a bit of a headache and one heck of knot on my head . 
 i have n't shown any signs of yellow eye , so i think i dodged a bullet in the zombification department . 
 a bunch of stuff has happened while i snoozed away . 
 kalee gave me all the news over a lunch of vegetable beef soup . 
 i had n't eaten in a while , so it tasted fabulous even if it was pretty heavy with soybeans and barley and not much vegetables . 
 the scavenge teams had made their first run , checking out area farms and rural houses but steering clear of more populated areas . 
 there had been some encounters with a few scattered undead , but nothing overwhelming . 
 we used up ammo , but also found some while scavenging , along with additional food and a few other treasures . 
 an additional cb was found in an abandoned truck as well as a couple of smaller walkie-talkies that work on a single cb channel . 
 jack fixed up an antenna on the roof of the office and a ran cable down to a third floor office where the truck cb now sits . 
 someone even used markers and a piece of copy paper to make a colorful ` radio room ' sign for the door . 
 our group has increased by six members ; survivors that one of the scavenge teams found holed up in a boarded up house . 
 we also briefly heard someone on the cb shortly after jack got the antenna up , but they were lost to static after a few minutes . 
 they claimed to be somewhere south of medford , which is a few miles west of here on highway 11 . 
 jack is already talking about building a better antenna and boosting the power somehow . 
 right now the cb is running off of an old car battery that we keep charged with the generator . 
 jack says he 's made good progress on his wind turbine , and i can help him assemble and install it if i 'm feeling up to it . 
 assuming it works as planned , that should give us enough power to use the cb a lot more without burning up all our gas in the generator . 
 he 's also really excited about building another windmill , not for power but to drive our well pump directly . 
 the most welcome finds , however , were definitely in the food department . 
 they came across a feed-n-seed store just outside of deer creek . 
 it offered up a bounty of seed corn and soybeans and even some sacks of barley and oats and the like . 
 barley/soybean soup is now a prominent item on our improving cafeteria menu . 
 kaylee also thinks we can make corn bread as soon as she works out how to mill the corn . 
 i expect jack has some ideas that can help . 
 kalee estimates all that grain will last a few weeks at least , maybe a couple months if we find other supplies to stretch it with . 
 it was the beef that was the biggest hit though . 
 milo 's team stumbled across a lone steer while driving back from their first scavenge run , just wandering in the road . 
 they stopped to look at it , and one of the team , with visions of sizzling steaks in his head no doubt , shot it . 
 milo cussed him out , reminding him that the suv was not exactly suited to hauling the huge thing , but they managed to squeeze it into the back none the less . 
 on the way back they must have been riding so low the wheel wells were probably scraping the tires . 
 without any refrigeration , they had to set about butchering and cooking it right away . 
 kalee hit upon the idea of reusing the mason jars from the farm to can a bunch of it . 
 i 'm not sure what they used for a pressure cooker , but they evidently figured something out . 
 a lot had been accomplished while i was sleeping , and a lot more had been planned . 
 i learned about some of it at the daily senior staff meeting . 
 kalee gave a detailed report about her plans to do container gardening on the roof as well as convert the atrium into a hydroponic farm . 
 she talked a bit about aquaculture and composting and ended with a wish list of supplies that the scavenge teams could look out for . 
 jack gave updates on the efforts to reinforce the first floor windows and on his wind turbine . 
 sarah warned that the ammunition supplies were dwindling faster than the scavenge teams were replacing it . 
 scattered undead continued to wander up to the factory , and nearly every scavenge run involved a skirmish with a few zombies . 
 max asked if there was a way to make our own bullets , glancing at jack as he said it . 
 `` casting the bullets themselves is possible '' , jack answered , `` but i do n't know what we 'd do for propellant . 
 i do n't think we have the raw materials for gun cotton even if i knew how to make it , and even basic black powder requires stuff we do n't have . 
 maybe someone with a better chemistry background could come up with something . '' 
 he looked at kalee as he said it . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` sorry , i 've studied organic chem , but nothing relevant to this . 
 what about you , isaac ? 
 study any chemistry at mit ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm an electrical engineer . 
 if you need someone to fix the radio , i 'm your guy , but i 'm clueless about guns or chemistry . '' 
 max suggested we bring the issue up at the next full group meeting . 
 someone might have the chemistry background we needed or at least have ideas to offer . 
 we then moved on to miguel 's report on health issues . 
 `` our general first aid supplies are not bad , but we have several people on prescription medications that are running out . 
 i would also be happier if we had a bigger supply of antibiotics . 
 the most urgent issue , though , is insulin . 
 it turns out we have two people using it , susan anderson and peter decker . 
 i think we can handle susan 's diabetes mostly by managing her diet carefully , but peter 's is tougher . 
 he needs medication . '' 
 `` so we need to find him more insulin ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` it would be great if we could , '' miguel answered , `` and in the short term we might even be able to do it , but insulin begins to lose potency after a month or so , especially when not refrigerated , and i 'm guessing there 's nobody making new insulin out there any more . '' 
 `` so , what 's the alternative ? '' 
 `` there 's some oral medications like glipizide that could help . 
 that , combined with proper diet could be enough . 
 oh , and test strips . 
 if we are going to manage with diet , it 's going to take very careful monitoring of glucose levels , so we need plenty of test strips . 
 fortunately both those things are something any real pharmacy should have plenty of , and they 'll stay good a long time . '' 
 `` so we need to raid a pharmacy . '' 
 max mused , `` you know what that means . '' 
 `` blackwell . '' 
 susan responded immediately , `` it 's the closest town large enough to have a pharmacy . 
 unfortunately , that means it 's also large enough to be heavily infested . '' 
 `` what about medford ? '' 
 jack suggested , `` it 's not as big , but might have something . '' 
 `` no , '' miguel answered , `` i dug up a local phone book , and i 've found nothing listed in medford . 
 blackwell has two pharmacies and the regional hospital , we definitely can find what we need there . 
 `` yeah , but it might as well be in fort knox for all the good it will do us . '' 
 jack retorted , `` blackwell had thousands of people living in it , and most of them are probably still walking around there , just not alive anymore . '' 
 `` it will have to be a smash-and-grab operation , '' sarah suggested . 
 `` my gunners are up for it . 
 we pick the target closest to the edge of town . 
 we go in hard and fast with a big enough team to get it done quickly . '' 
 max furrowed his brow . 
 `` it 's risky . 
 and we 'll probably burn through a lot of ammo . '' 
 `` the alternative , '' argued miguel , `` is to watch some of your people die from lack of medication . 
 it 's a near certainty the first time someone gets a staph infection that needs antibiotics . '' 
 max turned to sarah . 
 `` you and milo work up a plan . 
 i 'm not yet convinced we should do it , but i want to see what you come up with . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair and sighed . 
 `` i just wish we had access to spy satellites or something . 
 i want to see what condition blackwell is in before we go in there ... find out where the dead are concentrated . '' 
 gears started turning in my head . 
 it was probably a crazy idea , so i kept silent . 
 the meeting ground on for a bit longer , but i do n't remember what was said . 
 as soon as it broke up , i headed for one of the factory machine shops . 
 may 10 - the factory , oklahoma today , i helped jack assemble his wind turbine . 
 we first bolted the tower together , then i climbed up the crisscross supports , hauled the alternator and the gear assembly up with a rope , and affixed it to the pivot on the top of the tower . 
 next came the six turbine blades . 
 they look more like the blades one finds on a classic farm windmill than the graceful slender blades of a modern turbine , but it was the best jack could do with the materials at hand . 
 i hauled them up one at a time and attached them , did the same with the large fin that would keep it facing into the wind , then finally climbed down . 
 we both stared up at it . 
 a gentle breeze blew . 
 it remained motionless . 
 `` kind of anticlimactic , '' jack commented . 
 `` it 's bigger than i expected , '' i observed . 
 the blades must extend twelve feet from tip to tip . 
 `` now that it 's done , though , i 've an idea for another project . '' 
 i started to explain the crazy idea i had when max was wishing for spy satellites . 
 jack got more interested the more i told him , and we were about to head to the shop so i could show him my drawings and the parts i 'd set aside when the wind finally picked up . 
 the blades of the turbine began to spin , and jack suddenly looked like a kid on christmas morning . 
 he snatched up the multi-meter attached to the power leads and watched the needle swing . 
 `` well , not as good as i hoped , but it 's producing power . '' 
 he took out a stopwatch , counted the number of rotations for a minute , and then jotted that down along with the output shown on the multi-meter . 
 `` ok , lets go look at this gadget of yours . 
 we 'll come back after and attach the battery . '' 
 as soon as we arrived at the shop , we dragged the worktable under a sunbeam , and i spread my drawings out . 
 `` see , it 's actually pretty straight forward , '' i assured him . 
 the trickiest thing is the release mechanism , but i 'm pretty sure i can coble something together from a walkie-talkie . 
 `` but wo n't the camera get smashed on impact ? '' 
 `` that 's what this bit is for , '' i answered , holding up a rolled up cylinder of foam padding sticking partway out of a piece of round metal ducting . 
 i demonstrated that my camera phone would fit neatly into the four inch diameter ring of ducting so it would be protected from direct impact . 
 `` when it releases from the balloon , a small parachute or drag strip will make it flip over during descent so the foam padding hits first . '' 
 i demonstrated , holding the contraption with the camera inside the ducting facing down , then flipped it over so the padding was down and the camera up . 
 `` and how will you trigger the pictures ? '' 
 `` i 'll just wire a simple timer circuit directly into the shutter switch . 
 i 've already found a real-time clock chip with an integrated oscillator and all the other parts i need . 
 see , i 've drawn out the circuit diagram here . 
 with a laptop and the right software i could just write an android app to do it , but that 's not really an option in our case . '' 
 `` i 'll take your word for it , '' jack answered , `` i 'm better with the mechanical end of things . '' 
 he picked up one of my early concept drawings . 
 `` so let me see if i 've got this straight . 
 we release the balloon up-wind from blackwell . 
 it drifts over , snapping pictures the whole way , then when it 's safely beyond the town , the team on the down-wind side hits the squawk button on the other walkie-talkie to trigger the release . 
 the electronics all fall safely to earth to be recovered , and all we lose is a bunch of trash bags filled with helium . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 the trick will be getting the altitude right . 
 we need to be high enough to actually see a decent size area , but not so high we ca n't make out any detail . 
 the phone has a 5 megapixel camera , which should be good enough to make out individual zombies from quite a distance . 
 i 've got a 32 gigabyte flash card in it , so it should store plenty of pictures . '' 
 jack picked up the phone from where i had laid it down and examined its tiny camera lens . 
 `` this could actually work . '' 
 `` it was your ` get well ' balloons that gave me the idea . 
 do you think that tank you found has enough helium for a test flight or two ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' jack answered . 
 `` we 'll need to work out the volume of helium needed to lift the camera package first . '' 
 `` we could fly it with hydrogen if we needed to , but then we risk the thing going hindenburg on us . '' 
 jack scooped up a couple of my concept drawings . 
 `` i 'm going to show these to max and sarah . 
 you keep working on the details . '' 
 i began sketching out a circuit design for a release actuator that could be tripped by a walkie-talkie . 
 if i run the speaker output through a frequency filter and a signal inverter , then used a watchdog chip to check for duration , it should work . 
 just hold the squawk button for long enough , and the actuator will trip . 
 i 'll breadboard it tomorrow and test it . 
 i worked until the sun had crept away from my worktable and began climbing its way up the far wall , then i dug out a flashlight and worked a while longer . 
 finally , i had to stop when the flashlight began to dim . 
 too many late nights writing in this journal has taken its toll on the batteries i think ; they do n't hold a charge like they used to . 
 i headed to the offices to get some sleep but first made a detour to retrieve the battery for jack 's wind turbine . 
 i installed it in the waning red glow of the slowly setting sun . 
 the car battery , along with a 12 volt car outlet and a 110 volt ac adapter , is housed in an old plastic storage bin to keep it safe from the elements . 
 i looked at the adapter for a moment , then pulled my nearly dead flashlight from my pocket , unfolded the ac outlet charging prongs from its side , and plugged it into the ac adapter , then plugged that into the 12 volt outlet . 
 the flashlight glowed with renewed life when i switched it on . 
 i lifted the entire contraption and balanced it carefully on the lid of the container , taking care not to pull the battery leads loose . 
 i nestled my back against the turbine tower , pulled out this journal , and began to write . 
 may 12 - the factory , oklahoma today was mostly consumed with reinforcing the office ground floor . 
 yesterday , a dozen people went to disassemble and bring back sturdy timbers from a barn a few miles away . 
 today , we hauled those timbers off the old farm truck and set about sealing up all the vulnerable ground floor windows . 
 jack says he would have preferred to brick in the windows , but that would take time and materials we do n't currently have . 
 instead , he reinforced the doors to the stairwells so they can be made impenetrable . 
 the windows should hold up to any small groups of dead that stumble across us , but if worse comes to worse , we can easily abandon the first floor and survive . 
 we 've also made it so the offices can be sealed off from the machine shops , factory floor , and warehouse . 
 those all have smaller windows , higher in the air , and are less likely to be breached from the outside . 
 the atrium also has an open air staircase that leads to the second and third floors . 
 it 's concrete poured into a metal frame and sturdy as a rock . 
 jack thinks we can make it zombie proof by removing a bunch of steps , but it wo n't be easy . 
 we 're leaving that for another day . 
 when kalee learned about the potential for the ground floor to be abandoned , she began to rethink the design of her hydroponic farm . 
 the original plan had some water tanks and support structures down on the first floor in the center of the old plant beds , but she moved the tanks to the second floor balconies and now the entire plant lattice is suspended across the third floor balconies . 
 i took a slightly longer lunch break than jack would have liked and spent some time sketching up plans with kalee . 
 she is totally in her element with this stuff and has happily turned cafeteria duty over to others . 
 `` i can picture it , '' she said as we leaned on the railing of the third floor balcony , `` this whole area overflowing with green . 
 tomatoes and peas vining right up to the top of the skylight . '' 
 she looked happy . 
 `` you 've got seeds ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` better . 
 that farm southwest of here , milo mentioned it had a garden . 
 someone managed to get their early spring planting in before everything went to hell . 
 it 's a bit weed choked and neglected now , but i plan on heading out there with a scavenger team tomorrow to dig up what i can and transplant it here . 
 i 'll also poke around for seeds , fertilizer , gardening tools , gloves , and a big floppy hat . 
 just call me farmer james . '' 
 james . 
 i had forgotten her last name was james . 
 she was just kalee . 
 we seemed so disconnected from our past , from our high school days and life before the collapse , that i had nearly forgotten she had a family . 
 forgot that she had lost people like i had , like we all had . 
 i looked over at her , at the lines forming around her eyes , her attention drifting away from the here and now and knew her thoughts were following a similar path . 
 `` do you think of them ? '' 
 i asked , before i thought to stop myself . 
 `` all the time , '' she whispered . 
 she glanced over at me , then cast her eyes down at the atrium plants far below . 
 `` my dad used to call me that sometimes . 
 farmer james . 
 i was always growing potted plants . 
 running little experiments to see what made them grow best . 
 i even played around with hydroponics on my own . 
 it drove mom nuts , me filling up every spare container and every bit of window space with plants . 
 dad never complained though and made mom put up with it . '' 
 she laughed briefly . 
 `` he kept promising her it was a phase i would grow out of . '' 
 she grew somber again . 
 `` i never did . '' 
 `` i was never terribly close to my parents , '' i admitted with some hesitation . 
 `` oh , i loved them , and we got along well enough , but we never really connected . 
 my older brother mike was more like what they expected from a son i think . 
 they were so proud of him when he became a marine . 
 then he went to iraq and did n't come back and ... '' i did n't know what i was trying to say . 
 did n't know why i was saying all of this . 
 the words would n't stop . 
 `` i did n't know how to be the son they wanted . 
 i could n't figure out how to fill that ... '' my hands were shaking . 
 my vision blurred . 
 `` i took care of them when they were sick . 
 i brought them soup and changed the dvds for them ... and my dad told me he was proud of me . 
 i did n't know what he meant at first , thought he was talking about the soup , which did n't make any sense . 
 then he told me he was proud of me for getting into mit . 
 he had never said that before . 
 i always thought he just resented how much it cost . 
 he said he was proud and that he bragged to all his coworkers how he had a son at mit . 
 he said he was proud ... and then he died . '' 
 i held my breath because i feared the sound that might escape me if i did n't . 
 i held my breath , and shook , and realized that kalee was holding me . 
 i let my breath out in a hiss and finally spoke again . 
 `` i never told them how much i loved them , '' i whispered . 
 `` you did n't need to . '' 
 she answered quietly . 
 `` you never have to with something like that . 
 you brought them soup , and changed the dvds , and they knew . '' 
 she squeezed me tighter and i realized she was crying too . 
 `` i was n't there when my parents ... '' she drew a shuddering breath . 
 `` i was back at kansas state , in the herbarium , pressing plant samples . 
 i ran home as soon as i heard but never got any farther than the bus depot . '' 
 we stood there , holding each other . 
 then i heard a shout from down in the atrium . 
 `` isaac , jack is looking for you ! '' 
 milo stood there , looking up with a curious expression . 
 kalee pulled away and looked down at milo , then turned back to me . 
 `` i should n't keep you away . 
 jack depends on you . '' 
 she turned to go . 
 `` kalee ... '' i began , but then realized i did n't know what i wanted to say . 
 she turned back to me , waited for a moment , then smiled softly and said , `` we can talk after the evening staff meeting . '' 
 `` isaac . '' 
 milo called from below . 
 `` coming ! '' 
 i yelled back , and headed for the stairs . 
 i desperately wanted to wipe the tears from my face , but did n't want milo to see it . 
 i was relieved when i saw that he was already heading back outside . 
 i spent the afternoon helping jack , then headed toward the cafeteria to grab a bit of dinner before the evening staff meeting . 
 on the way i was stopped by milo . 
 i expected it would be about kalee , but it was n't . 
 `` i 've got something to show you , '' he insisted , and led me over to the loading bay where they had unloaded the truck he had taken scavenging earlier in the day . 
 i stopped in my tracks when i saw what was stacked there . 
 six solar panels . 
 `` where did you find these ? '' 
 i asked excitedly as i ran over to get a closer look . 
 `` on i35 . 
 we headed over that way to look at ... well we were scavenging that way , and i saw one of those big lighted construction signs . 
 you know the kind , the ones with the flashing arrows . 
 it had two panels on top of it , and i remembered that thing about sustainable electricity in that report you put out , so we ran over and grabbed it . 
 we found two more signs like it a bit farther north up the interstate . '' 
 i looked over the top panel in the stack and saw that the power cable had been cut , and the mounting brackets were similarly mangled . 
 rather than unscrew the panels from the brackets , it looked like they had simply severed the brackets with a bolt cutter . 
 `` we had to do that , '' milo insisted when he saw what i was looking at . 
 `` there 's still freaks wandering around on the interstate , so we could n't stick around any one place too long . '' 
 `` you did n't manage to rescue any batteries ? '' 
 i asked , `` or an inverter or charge controller ... any of the electronics that went with these ? '' 
 milo looked looked deflated . 
 `` no , '' he answered , `` just what you see here . 
 everything else was locked up in a metal housing . 
 you can still use these though , right ? '' 
 `` i think so . 
 i mean , yes . 
 we 'll find some way to make it work . '' 
 i lifted the panel and looked at the back , trying to find their output rating . 
 `` from the size of these , i 'm guessing these are at least 150 watt panels , maybe close to 200 watt . 
 that means together these could put out close to a full kilowatt . '' 
 `` and thats a lot ? '' 
 `` a lot more than we have now , that 's for sure . '' 
 i started thinking about how we might put them to use . 
 milo was silent for a moment , then spoke again . 
 `` so isaac , i have to ask . 
 you and kalee ... i mean ... '' my ears felt hot . 
 i wondered if i was blushing . 
 `` it 's not ... we were talking about family . 
 she was upset . 
 well really , i was upset . 
 i do n't want you to think ... '' i did n't know what i wanted him to think . 
 i know he likes her . 
 god i suck at this people stuff . 
 `` it 's none of my business really . 
 it 's just , she stuck by me , at the university . 
 and even in high school , my senior year ... '' he stopped . 
 i was n't sure what he was driving at . 
 `` i 've got to get ready for max 's staff meeting , '' i blurted , looking for an excuse to escape . 
 milo stared at me for a moment before replying , `` yeah , i 've got stuff to do too . '' 
 we headed our separate directions . 
 i grabbed a few bites of cold soybean soup at the cafeteria , then ran to the machine shop to poke around in the supply cabinets before the meeting . 
 i was hoping to find something that might help me with the solar panels . 
 nothing . 
 plenty of tools and small components , but none of the equipment i was hoping for . 
 no deep cycle batteries . 
 i lingered over some of the larger machines collecting dust near the cabinets . 
 a rapid prototyper , capable of building complex 3d shapes out of plastic . 
 an automated cnc machine that could mill and drill blocks of steel into any number of useful parts . 
 this was top notch equipment , the kind one uses for cutting edge product development . 
 all useless now without power . 
 i thought about how many solar panels it would take to really bring this shop back to life . 
 more than the six sitting back at the loading bay , that was a certainty . 
 the sun had crept its way across the shop floor and was beginning its ascent up the far wall . 
 i would be late for the staff meeting if i lingered much longer . 
 i headed back to the offices and got to the conference room just before it got started . 
 it was all rather routine until milo showed up about half-way through . 
 sarah finished giving her summary of morale and security issues , then said , `` i 've asked milo to sit in and tell us about something he saw today . '' 
 milo stood and dove right in . 
 `` we were scavenging east today , out past i35 , and i decided to take a peak at the outskirts of blackwell . 
 there 's a shopwell mega-store with an in store pharmacy on the west side of town , and i wanted to see how approachable it was . 
 i got as close as i dared and then took a peak with the binoculars . 
 it was surrounded . 
 i mean , it looked like the whole damn town was out there . 
 thousands of undead freaks just swarming that building and clawing at the walls . 
 and there were people , live people i think , walking on the roof . 
 at least they walked like live people . '' 
 `` survivors , '' max exclaimed . 
 `` had to be , '' milo answered , `` but there is no way any of them are getting out of that store , and no way we are getting in . 
 if you thought the bus station was bad , it was nothing compared to this . '' 
 `` any guesses how many survivors we 're talking about ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` no way to know . 
 i saw at least three on the roof , but there could have been more farther back , and who knows how many inside . 
 i tried to raise them on the cb . 
 they either do n't have one or do n't have power for it . '' 
 `` so what other options do we have ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` there 's the hospital and the downtown pharmacy , '' sarah answered . 
 miguel shook his head . 
 `` i would n't try the hospital . 
 it 's probably packed with undead . '' 
 `` well , i do n't exactly like the idea of going smack dab into the middle of town either . 
 that 's why the shopwell originally seemed like our best bet . 
 it 's on the outskirts . '' 
 `` are n't we forgetting something ? '' 
 kalee interjected , a hint of anger in her voice . 
 all eyes turned to her . 
 `` survivors . 
 trapped , terrified , waiting for rescue . 
 remember what it was like for us , in the bus depot . 
 now imagine what those people are going through . 
 they must have been stuck there for weeks now . '' 
 we all sat silently for a minute , then max spoke up . 
 `` kalee , we all understand how you feel . 
 but i just do n't see what we can do . 
 we have to be realistic . '' 
 he looked pained as he said it . 
 `` bullshit , '' she yelled , `` we have to try . 
 we have to at least think about it . 
 if it were you , trapped there , would you want everyone to just give up on you like that ? '' 
 nobody answered . 
 `` we could at least fly that balloon thing of isaac 's , '' she continued , `` find out what we 're dealing with . 
 maybe there 's something on the other side of the building that will help us . 
 maybe we 'll find something elsewhere in town . 
 we ca n't just give up . '' 
 max turned to me and jack . 
 `` how soon could you have it ready ? '' 
 jack turned to me . 
 i thought about it for a moment before answering , `` we could be ready in a day . 
 two at most . 
 i 'll need some power to run a soldering iron and power drill , maybe a couple of other tools . '' 
 i thought about the solar panels . 
 it would probably take days to get them working . 
 we could n't afford the delay right now . 
 `` it means using the generator more than usual . '' 
 `` ok , do it , '' max said , `` make it your top priority , and let me know the soonest you are ready to fly it . '' 
 he turned to sarah . 
 `` i need you to pick teams and plan for the launch and retrieval of this thing . '' 
 and with that , jack and i headed back to the shop . 
 may 13 - the factory , oklahoma `` it wo n't work , '' i told max and sarah in a hastily called meeting early today , `` i 've been over the numbers a dozen times , and we just do n't have enough helium . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` well , jack is double checking the basement to make sure we do n't have another helium tank , but yes , failing that we have little more than half what we need . 
 we can lift the walk-talkie or the camera but not both . 
 i trimmed weight everywhere i could , replaced the foam shock absorber with an air bag , but kept coming up short . '' 
 `` and you absolutely have to include the walkie-talkie ? 
 you ca n't skip that somehow ? '' 
 `` without it , it just flies off with the camera . '' 
 i though for a moment . 
 `` i suppose i could just wire up a timer , try and guesstimate so it drops after making it over the city , but the risk of losing the whole thing goes up if we ca n't control where it drops . '' 
 max was still forming a reply when sarah interjected , `` maybe we are thinking about this all wrong . 
 what if we leave off the camera instead ? '' 
 i did n't get what she meant , and from the look on max 's face neither did he . 
 sarah continued . 
 `` we need information , right ? 
 and it would be helpful if we could communicate with the survivors in that big box store . 
 ca n't we drop a walk-talkie right on the roof of that thing ? '' 
 `` yes , i see where you 're going with that , '' max said , `` the people in that store could describe the situation , inside and out . 
 they could have information about other parts of town . 
 what about it , isaac ? 
 can you rig a walkie-talkie to be a release mechanism and still be usable as a walkie-talkie ? '' 
 `` yes , that 's easy , '' i replied , `` i 'm just tapping into the speaker output , so pull those wires and it 's back to normal . 
 the tricky part is actually targeting the building . 
 we 'll need to get close enough that changes in wind direction do n't mess things up too much , and we should release a few small trial balloons to check the wind direction at different altitudes . '' 
 sarah nodded as she answered . 
 `` well it makes things easier on my end . 
 we do n't need a recovery team any more , just a launch team . '' 
 `` actually , you should still have two teams , '' i replied . 
 i started to explain , then realized it was easier to show them and stepped up to the conference room 's marker board . 
 `` here you have the store , and a team somewhere west of it releasing the balloon . '' 
 i drew a box in the middle of the marker board and an x to the left . 
 `` that team can tell when the balloon 's path is lined up with the store , but it will have a hard time telling if it is actually over the store instead of a little before or beyond it . 
 you need another team here . '' 
 i drew an x above the store . 
 `` they can report via radio when it 's lined up over the store from their perspective . 
 when both teams see it over the store , it 's safe to release . '' 
 i added dotted lines representing the lines of sight of both teams converging over the store . 
 where they crossed , i drew a small circle to represent the balloon . 
 `` that will put the second team closer to town , '' max mused . 
 `` the shopwell store is on the west end of town , but there 's still some buildings north of it on the other side of highway 11 . '' 
 `` well , the teams do n't have to be at complete right angles , just as long as you have two different perspectives to triangulate . '' 
 i drew another x farther west and drew another dotted line . 
 `` you could also do three teams , the launch team and two spotters . 
 all of them could be west of town , but the spotters would be farther north and south . 
 of course we are assuming that the wind stays mostly out of the west , but that 's a pretty safe bet . '' 
 we discussed the details for a while longer , but max ultimately gave the go-ahead for mid day tomorrow . 
 sarah went in search of her gunners to fill them in , and i went back to the machine shop . 
 with the simplified design , i finished rather quickly . 
 i found an electronics breadboard in one of the equipment cabinets and got a prototype of the release circuit working with minimal tweaking . 
 i then wire wrapped a permanent version , hooked up the release solenoid , and tested it with weight applied to the release clip . 
 standing on a work table , i tied a string to one of the overhead fluorescent lights . 
 to that i tied a metal ring , clipped the release clip to it , and let the weight of the walkie-talkie and its cushion of foam padding dangle from it . 
 i stood back and held down the squawk button on the other radio . 
 a loud tone screeched out of the suspended hand set , and a second later it dropped to the table . 
 success ! 
 i repeated the test three more times just to be sure . 
 without having to worry about the camera mount or a timing circuit , i 'd gotten the entire thing finished in only a couple of hours , and without even resorting to drilling or soldering anything . 
 with that done , i turned to another problem i 'd been itching to get to . 
 the solar panels . 
 the closest i found to anything useful was a variable power supply that plugged into 110v ac but could generate varying levels of dc power . 
 it was basically the opposite of what i needed , but it might have parts i could use if i tore it apart . 
 i might also steal parts from a few computer power supplies . 
 computers . 
 the thought seemed to tickle something in the back of my mind . 
 then it hit me . 
 `` my god i 'm an idiot ! '' 
 i shouted to the empty room , then headed quickly back toward the office area . 
 i probably drew a few looks as i ran toward the server room . 
 once inside , i began wandering up and down the rows of rack mounted equipment . 
 i heard someone else enter the server room . 
 kalee , milo , and that young gal named shelly were approaching . 
 good , they could help me look . 
 i turned to greet them , then saw my target in the rack-mount cabinet just opposite of the one i had been examining . 
 i gave a shout of joy as i yanked the glass cabinet door open . 
 `` what ? '' 
 kalee asked as she ran up , `` what 's going on ? '' 
 milo 's curiosity was also piqued . 
 `` yeah , what 's got you so riled up ? 
 you ran in here like the devil himself was on your tail . '' 
 `` this ! '' 
 i proclaimed happily , as i began to drag the footlocker sized piece of equipment out into the aisle . 
 `` it 's a ups , un-interruptible power supply , and it 's exactly what we need to get those solar panels working . '' 
 `` solar panels ? '' 
 shelly asked . 
 milo wasted no time proudly describing the results of his scavenging prowess . 
 she grew excited as she realized the implications . 
 `` you mean i might be able to use my ipod again ? 
 and my hair dryer ? '' 
 i wondered for a moment what sort of person brings their hair dryer with them during a zombie apocalypse . 
 probably the same kind that brings textbooks instead of food , i thought sheepishly . 
 `` so you can actually use this to get them working ? '' 
 kalee asked . 
 `` it 's almost perfect . 
 this thing is packed full of 12 volt deep cycle batteries , and it already includes the circuitry to convert it to 110 volt ac . '' 
 i pointed at the standard wall outlets on one face of the unit . 
 `` there 's a second one here , '' milo declared , and dragged it out of the cabinet with considerably less effort than i used on the first one . 
 `` i 'll have to coble together a voltage regulator circuit to go between the panels and the batteries , but i can probably strip parts out of some old computer power supplies to do that . 
 a few capacitors , some resistors ... it should n't be too tough . 
 this will also work better on jack 's wind turbine than the car battery we are using now . '' 
 `` just think of all the stuff we can do with electricity again , '' kalee said wistfully , `` i could use electric pumps in the hydroponic garden ! '' 
 `` music , '' shelley said with considerable emphasis . 
 `` the thing i miss the most is my music . '' 
 that got us all talking about the music we listened to before the disaster , our favorite bands . 
 `` there was this local band from kansas city , metastatic mayhem . '' 
 shelly shared , `` my friends and i would sneak away to their shows . 
 my best friend gina was a friend of the base guitarist , and he would sneak us in the back door to avoid the bouncers . 
 they were amazing on stage . 
 i wonder if they are all zombies now . '' 
 `` would we know the difference ? '' 
 milo snorted , `` i mean , i saw them in concert once , and , well ... all that screeching and yelling , not really my thing i guess . '' 
 shelly did n't seem to take it personally . 
 she was lost in thought . 
 `` all those musicians , and artists , and movie actors , '' she mused , `` all probably dead or undead now . 
 at least they did something that will live beyond themselves . 
 they 're kind of still alive in a way , in all those cds and dvds out there . '' 
 `` i suppose , '' kalee replied , `` but only if someone actually listens to them i think . 
 maybe that 's the biggest reason we need to rebuild what we 've lost . 
 so all that ... beauty ... can live on . '' 
 i felt humbled . 
 i had been tackling the solar panels as an isolated problem , a puzzle that offered the joy of solving it as its primary reward . 
 kalee was thinking bigger than that . 
 she was thinking past mere survival to the reclaiming of humanity 's legacy , or maybe it 's destiny . 
 i do n't know . 
 i ca n't seem to find the words for it , everything that we 've lost , the immensity of reclaiming it . 
 but kalee dares to dream that big . 
 more than that , i do n't think she ever imagined thinking smaller . 
 may 14 - the factory , oklahoma when i went to tell max that the walkie-talkie was ready , he dropped a bombshell on me . 
 he expected me to head the launch team . 
 he mentioned it practically in passing , as if he expected i would want nothing different . 
 i just nodded , and agreed to meet with sarah to coordinate things . 
 that is how , earlier today , i found myself sitting in the cab of a panel truck armed with nothing but a walkie-talkie and heading for a town swarming with undead . 
 a guy named jeff watson was driving , and jack and a couple of gunners were in the back , filling garbage bags with helium as we drove . 
 we waited until departing to start filling them so as not to lose too much helium to any slow leaks before launching . 
 milo rode with sarah in a second vehicle . 
 they were spotters . 
 our team would double as spotters after launching driving a bit north or south as needed to get a better perspective relative to the other team . 
 we stopped well away from the shopwell store to get a look with binoculars before proceeding . 
 jack climbed up on the flat top of the truck 's cargo section and peered at the building . 
 `` the swarm is still there . 
 god that 's a lot of them , '' jack remarked , `` the wind seems to be coming from the southwest . 
 radio sarah and tell her to swing south a bit when they release the pilot balloons . 
 i relayed the message , and milo and sarah took off in the silver suv . 
 they drove down highway 11 , drawing uncomfortably close to the store , then turned south and cut across a field that lay between us and the building . 
 they slowed , then stopped , and a small black shape emerged from the car and drifted up . 
 they moved on and stopped again . 
 another black balloon appeared . 
 they repeated this four more time . 
 i could n't see it without binoculars , but i knew they were also planting flags at each release point . 
 `` the people on the roof have seen them , '' jack observed , `` i can see them jumping and waving like nuts . '' 
 i squinted but could n't make out the detail from here . 
 i looked back to the suv and saw them pick up speed and head southwest , a tail of dust kicking up behind them . 
 after a bit they stopped , and i heard sarah on my walkie-talkie . 
 `` where in position . 
 the first two are way off the mark i think . 
 numbers three and four look close . '' 
 `` number four looks right on the mark from here , '' jack yelled . 
 i was now outside the truck , standing on the running board so jack could hear the walkie-talkie . 
 i asked sarah about balloon four . 
 `` it 's just drifting up to the building now from my point of view . '' 
 `` it 's looks a bit left but still over the building to me , '' countered jack . 
 `` now . 
 number four is over it now , '' yelled sarah . 
 jack yelled , `` it 's just on the edge from here . 
 i say we launch just south of position four . 
 isaac , take the binoculars . 
 i 'm going to help with the launch when we get in position . '' 
 i grabbed the binoculars and climbed back in the cab . 
 as soon as jack was in the back with the gunners , we took off . 
 jeff drove until he encountered the tracks of the suv and turned south . 
 the panel truck bounced and over the rough ground making it difficult to look for the flags . 
 `` there , '' shouted jeff , `` there 's the first flag . '' 
 he drove over it . 
 i looked over at the shopwell building . 
 damn we were close . 
 the horde of undead surrounding it seethed like a stormy ocean . 
 `` second flag , '' yelled jeff . 
 i could see zombies pealing off from the main group and beginning to shamble toward us . 
 `` third flag , '' yelled jeff . 
 more zombies were headed toward us . 
 `` fourth flag . 
 i 'm stopping here . '' 
 `` just a little past , '' i reminded him . 
 as soon as he stopped , i heard the back of the truck open . 
 the gunners took position on either side while jack guided the balloon out . 
 `` damn ! '' 
 i heard him shout , `` one of the bags is caught on something . '' 
 a gun fired , then another . 
 `` no time ! '' 
 one of the gunners yelled , `` just yank it out . '' 
 two more gunshots . 
 `` it 's off , '' jack shouted , `` go go go . '' 
 i heard the cargo door slam , and jeff gunned the engine . 
 dirt flew from under the wheels as he pointed the truck west and floored it . 
 i looked behind us and saw the balloon slowly gaining altitude . 
 a zombie wandered up to it , absently reached at the dangling foam covered walkie-talkie , sending it spinning as it bounced off the creature 's hands . 
 the balloon drifted safely over the remaining zombies as it rose . 
 one deflated garbage bag hung from the side of the balloon mass , but it continued to slowly rise . 
 when we were sufficiently far away , jeff stopped , and i immediately climbed out and up unto the top of the cargo area . 
 i focused the binoculars on the store and tried to raise sarah on the walkie-talkie . 
 `` sarah , how 's it look to you . 
 it 's still a bit south from here . '' 
 `` it 's still west , not over it yet , '' she answered . 
 it drifted closer to the building . 
 `` it looks like it 's over it now to me , '' i informed her . 
 `` it 's not quit there yet , '' she insisted . 
 it was now centered over the building from my perspective , and beginning to drift north . 
 `` not quite yet , '' she said again . 
 it was approaching the left edge from my view . 
 i could see people on the roof staring and pointing at the balloon . 
 `` now ! 
 it 's there now , '' she yelled . 
 i clamped down on the squawk button just as it approached the north edge of the building . 
 nothing happened . 
 then a moment later i saw the package drop , drag strip trailing behind . 
 `` did we do it ? '' 
 sarah asked , `` did we hit the building ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i answered , `` we either just barely got it or dropped it off the north side . 
 i ca n't see from here . '' 
 all we could do now was wait for a voice on the walkie-talkie . 
 as i climbed down , i noticed several undead stumbling toward our location . 
 with everyone back on board , we headed toward the suv . 
 how long would it take for them to unpack the walkie-talkie from the foam padding ? 
 read the note we had included with it ? 
 remove the release circuit wires ? 
 we pulled up to the suv . 
 `` anything on the radio yet ? '' 
 sarah asked . 
 `` nothing yet , '' i replied , `` you want to try reach them with the hand-held cb ? 
 it has better range than this thing . '' 
 she nodded , and gave it a try . 
 `` this is sarah williams to the people in the shopwell . 
 can you hear me ? '' 
 we waited . 
 nothing but quiet static . 
 `` this is sarah williams . 
 is anyone receiving me . '' 
 still nothing . 
 `` maybe we missed it after all , '' milo suggested . 
 he might be right . 
 or maybe the walkie-talkie broke on impact . 
 or maybe my instructions were not clear enough . 
 this thing had always been a long shot . 
 suddenly , the cb crackled to life . 
 `` this is mike ... mike -lrb- unintelligible -rrb- . 
 my god are we glad to hear from you . 
 who are you with ? 
 how soon can we expect rescue ? '' 
 sarah thought for a moment before answering . 
 `` well , we 're not really with anyone . 
 we 're just survivors like you . 
 we 'll do what we can for you , but i do n't know what that is yet . '' 
 `` you 're not with the military ? 
 or fema ? 
 or ... anyone ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't think any of them exist anymore . '' 
 sarah let that sink in . 
 i could only imagine how their hopes must have crashed back to earth . 
 `` before we can help , we need to know your situation . 
 how many are you ? 
 what shape are you in ? '' 
 there was a long pause before the reply . 
 `` there 's ninety two of us . '' 
 i could hear an unintelligible female voice , then mike said , `` no , it 's only eighty nine of us now . 
 i forgot ... '' the channel was quiet for a while . 
 `` it 's really all gone ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm afraid so . 
 mike , we 're going to get you out of there , but i need to know what we have to work with . 
 how well supplied are you ? 
 how many guns ? 
 how much ammo ? 
 how much longer do you think you can hold out ? '' 
 a pause , then , `` we have a couple of hand guns with a few shots left , but we 've used up most of what we had trying to get more supplies from the store . 
 we 've been stuck on the roof for more than a week now . 
 they got into the store , and we all had to climb up . 
 for a while we were able to snag food and such from the top shelves , but we 've gone through most of that . 
 we 've lost people trying to get stuff from lower shelves . 
 we 're low on water too . 
 i do n't think we 'll make it more than another couple of days or so . '' 
 sarah and mike went back and forth for a while , mike painting a bleak picture of desperate survivors at the edge of despair . 
 they had very little information about the rest of blackwell , having been stranded for about two weeks . 
 the conversation was interrupted at one point by the approach of walking dead , but we drove farther south and continued the conversation . 
 milo and jeff drove the suv around the group of approaching dead , keeping them distracted as sarah finished talking to mike from the safety of the panel truck 's cab . 
 `` ok , stretch your supplies as best you can , '' sarah advised mike , `` i need to get back to my people and discuss this . 
 we 'll come up with something and get back to you . 
 turn the radio off for now to conserve the battery , but turn it back on at sunrise tomorrow . 
 we 'll send someone out to get back in touch . 
 i promise you , mike , we are going to find a way to get you out of there . '' 
 we packed up and headed back to the factory . 
 sarah promised we would save them . 
 god i hope we can , but i just ca n't see how it 's possible . 
 may 14 - the factory , oklahoma the evening staff meeting was tense . 
 sarah had given a full report to max as soon as we got back . 
 he questioned the wisdom of promising a rescue given the odds we were up against , but sarah was n't backing down . 
 `` you were n't there , max , you did n't hear the desperation in his voice . 
 i. . . 
 i had to give them some hope . '' 
 sarah seemed drained . 
 `` well then , someone , give us some options , '' max insisted , `` what are we going to do ? 
 just how do we rescue these people ? '' 
 nobody answered immediately . 
 then jack spoke up . 
 `` in an ideal world , we would just fly them out of there with a bunch of helicopters . '' 
 `` hell , as long as we are dreaming , '' max replied , `` why not wish for a platoon of marines with machine guns . 
 we need to stick with what we have on hand . '' 
 `` well , we got out of the bus depot by just driving though them , '' miguel offered , `` ca n't we do the same here . 
 just drive up , and let people climb down on to the roof of the bus ? '' 
 sarah shook her head . 
 `` you did n't see the number of dead swarming around that building . 
 there is no way we could get close enough . 
 worse , even if we got close , the bus would be surrounded ; there is no way it would get back out . '' 
 `` what we really need is a hook and ladder truck , '' jack suggested , `` sling a ladder right across that mob and let people walk over it untouched . 
 load everyone into the bus and drive off before it gets swamped . 
 what about that ? 
 did the blackwell fire department have one of those ? 
 maybe with most of the town swarming the shopwell we could zip downtown and grab it . '' 
 `` i do n't know if blackwell was large enough for one of the really large ladder trucks , '' max countered , `` and i 'm not sure we want to risk a run downtown to check it out . '' 
 `` we still need to hit a pharmacy , '' miguel reminded , `` and with the ground floor of the shopwell over-run , that leaves the downtown pharmacy . '' 
 the debate went on like that until late in the night . 
 we formed the rough outlines of a plan , but max decided he needs to consult with the survivors on the shopwell roof before we can nail down all the details . 
 nevertheless , the arguments were still ongoing when i headed off to write in this journal before grabbing some sleep . 
 may 15 - the factory , oklahoma max left early this morning to spend some time on the radio with the shopwell survivors . 
 i did n't go along , but i got the short , second hand version . 
 turns out max was right about the fire department ; there 's no ladder truck that will fit the bill . 
 there is , however , something up at the old zinc works that might serve even better . 
 jack is meeting with max and sarah and a few other people planning things out right now , and i 'm going to join them in a bit . 
 max promised those poor souls in blackwell that we would be back for them in two days . 
 i get the feeling we are all going to be working flat out until then preparing for the great rooftop rescue , as i 've come to think of it . 
 may 17 - the factory , oklahoma the factory has been buzzing with activity these past couple days . 
 i 've spent most of the time helping jack , using the arc welder or the acetylene torch to weld scrap metal over the windows and door of the bus . 
 even the windshield is now covered by a sturdy metal grating . 
 that vehicle is about as zombie proof as we can make it . 
 we 've made similar modifications to other vehicles that will play a role in the rescue , but the bus is the one that most of the survivors will ride out on , and it has to sit there getting pounded on by zombies while people climb in , so we put extra effort into sealing it up . 
 the only way in or out of that tin can now is through the hatch we cut in the top . 
 i ca n't believe how much we 've gotten done in less than 48 hours . 
 just about everyone has pitched in , and an impressive number of people have volunteered for the actual rescue operation . 
 i 'm exhausted , and i do n't have much time to write because i need to grab a few hours of sleep before we launch this crazy mission . 
 jack wants me along to help man the cb . 
 it 's been moved from the radio room into the truck that we will use as a mobile base of operations , observing with binoculars and coordinating the actions of the various teams . 
 i 'm not sure how i feel about being volunteered for this venture , but i ca n't really back out , not after seeing how committed everyone else is . 
 i 'm amazed and more than a little proud of this strange community we 've formed . 
 maybe pulling an all nighter over an acetylene torch has my thinking addled , but i feel we 've built something really special here , and i do n't mean an armor plated bus . 
 may 18 - the factory , oklahoma jack woke me just before the rescue mission kicked off , and i need to be up a while before my brain starts firing on all eight neurons , so it all seemed a bit surreal as we pulled away from the factory . 
 max , jack , and i were out front in the panel tuck -lrb- our command vehicle -rrb- , followed by the two chase vehicles , the pharmacy scavenge team , the dump truck , the bus , and finally the construction crane . 
 we drove the nearly eight miles to blackwell , past i35 , stopping on highway 11 no more than a half mile from the shopwell . 
 max got on the cb and talked to the shopwell survivors , confirming that they understood the plan and were ready to go . 
 then for some reason he decided to switch places with sarah and drive one of the chase vehicles . 
 sarah joined us in the command truck , along with two gunners , and we drove to our position a bit south of highway 11 almost directly west of the store . 
 at the same time , a scavenge team made up of four people riding in two cars , continued down highway 11 , right into downtown blackwell and toward the pharmacy on main street . 
 as they passed the shopwell , no doubt some of the undead pealed off from the horde around the building and started following them downtown . 
 that was part of the plan actually . 
 any dead heading that way was that much fewer for us to deal with during the rescue . 
 hopefully the scavengers would be long done at the pharmacy and heading south out of town to take a round-about way home long before the walking dead reached them . 
 the remaining vehicles followed us into the fields west of the store , then turned west and lined up one after another . 
 the heavy dump truck was first , followed by the bus , and finally that massive construction crane . 
 from that position , they began backing slowly toward the store with a chase vehicle pacing them on either side . 
 the dump truck and the crane had been suggested by a woman named gina from among the shopwell survivors . 
 before the collapse , she was working on demolition and environmental remediation at the old zinc works north of town . 
 when our idea of using a fire department ladder truck came up short one truck , she suggested the construction crane as the next best thing . 
 honestly , that crane was even better . 
 it 's massive , and so heavy i do n't think an army of zombie elephants could budge it . 
 the crane arm was n't exactly well suited for climbing on , but we fixed that with a bit of creative carpentry . 
 after the crane was in position at the outer edge of the undead horde , it extended the crane arm out over the horde and up to the roof . 
 while traveling , the three sections of the arm are contracted , one inside another , so the wooden climbing surfaces could n't be attached until after the crane was in place . 
 i ca n't imagine what that was like , lugging those sections up , one at a time , and sliding them into place while a hellish ocean of corpses thrashed about below . 
 sarah stood on the running board of the panel truck , clutching the cb handset . 
 jack and i stood on the roof using high powered binoculars , watching events unfold . 
 the crane rolled up to the building . 
 the undead noticed . 
 the compressed mass of animated corpses became a bit ragged around the edges as some turned and began stumbling toward the approaching vehicles . 
 before they drew too close , the two chase vehicles turned , one heading north and the other south . 
 they began to angle away from the building , driving just fast enough to stay barely ahead of their undead pursuers . 
 the idea was to draw as many zombies as possible away from the building , reducing the crush of undead already beginning to surround the rescue caravan . 
 the rescue vehicles were all in position . 
 the crane sat more than a hundred feet away from the building , already extending its arm toward the roof . 
 i could see the main rescue team emerging from the hatch in the top of the bus . 
 they quickly began to unstrap the wooden components of the ramp and began to assemble it . 
 first was a narrow bridge that extended from the bus to the bottom of the crane arm . 
 once that was hooked into place , they carried additional components across one at a time and slid them onto the metal arm of the crane , working their way up from the bottom . 
 this created a flat surface , about two feet across with a three foot high railing on each side extending all the way up to the roof . 
 the dead swarmed about them , clawing at the vehicles and trying to climb up on the crane . 
 mostly they failed , but occasionally one would be shoved up a bit higher by the pressing crowd and actually get an arm up near the edge of the ramp . 
 gunners stationed on the roof of the bus picked them off . 
 i could see the spray of tissue , the body pitching over , then hear the delayed crack of a weapon a second later . 
 it was a disjointed drumbeat that was picking up its tempo even as the first survivors began their decent from the roof . 
 it was all going smoothly , if agonizingly slowly , until disaster happened . 
 a rather large zombie got a hand up onto the bridge connecting the bus to the crane . 
 it shifted . 
 a survivor lost his balance . 
 tumbling over the side , he grabbed at the bridge , adding his weight to that of the zombie . 
 the entire section heaved sideways and tumbled into the seething mass of dead . 
 `` they 've lost it ! '' 
 i reported to sarah , `` they 've lost the bridge , and there 's still people on the roof . '' 
 `` peter , '' sarah shouted into the cb , `` what happened ? 
 how many are left ? '' 
 the radio crackled . 
 `` peter 's on the roof , helping people down . '' 
 i did n't recognize the voice . 
 `` we only got two thirds down before the ramp fell . '' 
 `` can you get the rest out on the crane ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` no we ca n't , '' edward mills , the crane driver , interrupted , `` i need to retract the arm before i can drive off , and it would leave nowhere for all those people to sit . '' 
 the plan had always been to abandon the crane after getting all the people off . 
 most would ride out on the bus , and a few in the back of the dump truck with the rescue team . 
 the dump truck would power through the mass of surrounding zombies , clearing a path for the bus . 
 the original plan called for a snow plow blade on front of the dump truck to help shove the undead aside , but after failing to locate one , we made do by welding together an angular ` cow catcher ' of sorts , fashioned from a couple of cattle gates and some bits of scrap metal . 
 `` get the remaining survivors back up on the roof , '' sarah commanded , `` get the bus out of there . 
 we 'll have to regroup and come back for the rest . 
 maybe tomorrow . '' 
 i heard the sound of arguing coming over the radio . 
 the sound of the bus horn in the distance . 
 then a cloud of diesel smoke plumed up from the dump truck . 
 it pushed forward , and that pointed nose we 'd welded to its front pushed out from the surrounding crowd of undead . 
 the bus followed quickly behind . 
 i saw agitated shapes on the roof the shopwell , gesturing frantically . 
 the truck and the bus powered in our direction . 
 the dead fell behind . 
 suddenly the dump truck turned . 
 it began looping around and heading back to the building . 
 `` what the hell is he doing ? '' 
 sarah shouted . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 she shouted into the cb . 
 there was no answer . 
 i did n't know then , but i now know that richard poldowski was driving . 
 sarah shouted a few more things into the radio , not all of them very lady like . 
 the truck hurtled on . 
 it plowed into the crowd of undead , just to one side of the crane . 
 it stopped with its cab just a few feet away from the end of the ramp . 
 the remaining survivors did n't waste any time . 
 they quickly made their way down the ramp , jumping the last few feet from the crane to the roof of the dump truck 's cab , from there jumping down into the back of the dump truck . 
 a zombie climbed up on the hood of the truck , it pitched backwards , and a distant gunshot sounded a second later . 
 someone in the back of the truck must be shooting . 
 i relayed to sarah what i was seeing . 
 when one of the survivors slipped and toppled from the truck cab , pulled down into the mass of undead , i nearly choked on the words , but i told her . 
 only a few survivors remained . 
 then one froze at the bottom of the ramp . 
 a child . 
 a girl i think . 
 a man came down the ramp and tried to help the child up , tried to convince her to jump . 
 two people climbed from the back of the truck to the cab . 
 the man practically threw the girl across , losing his balance in the process , falling into the waiting claws below . 
 the girl was caught . 
 she was safe . 
 three more survivors . 
 two . 
 the last one . 
 a plume of diesel fumes . 
 the truck tried to back up . 
 clouds of dark diesel smoke billowed into the air as it pushed against the massive crowd of corpses behind it . 
 i could hear the engines . 
 then i could see a bulge appear in the mass of undead now surrounding the crane and dump truck . 
 the back of the dump truck slowly appeared , rolling over the dead as they fell . 
 it was free . 
 it turned and headed toward highway 11 and then west toward the factory . 
 `` i 'll be damned , '' sarah said , `` we actually did it . '' 
 jack and i climbed down from the roof and back into the truck cab . 
 as we drove back to the highway , i looked out the window toward the shopwell . 
 the once tightly packed mass of undead was fracturing . 
 with their prey gone , lone zombies and small groups of undead were beginning to wander away from the building . 
 we wasted no time getting back on pavement and driving west , toward home . 
 we arrived back at the factory while the bus was still being unloaded . 
 the blackwell people were lowered gently to the ground . 
 some began hobbling across the parking lot directly toward the factory . 
 others lay next to the bus , too exhausted or weakened from their ordeal . 
 some sobbed uncontrollably . 
 so did some of the rescue team , i noticed . 
 i was surprised that miguel was not there attending to the various medical needs . 
 i realized neither of the vehicles from the pharmacy scavenge mission were in the parking lot . 
 maybe they had parked in the warehouse . 
 the bus was the only vehicle that would n't fit through those warehouse doors . 
 milo raced up to me and grabbed my arm . 
 `` isaac , have you seen the pharmacy crew '' he asked with some urgency . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i was thinking maybe they parked in the warehouse . '' 
 `` no . 
 nobody 's seen them . '' 
 he was visibly upset . 
 `` kalee is with them , '' he blurted out , then ran off . 
 i located max near the bus talking to sarah and a couple of unfamiliar people , blackwell survivors no doubt . 
 without thinking , i interrupted . 
 `` the pharmacy team , i heard ... has anyone ... '' max looked at me sadly . 
 `` nobody 's seen them . '' 
 `` they should have beat us back , '' sarah replied tiredly , `` it was supposed to be a smash-and-grab . '' 
 i wanted to shout . 
 i do n't know what . 
 something . 
 demand we form a rescue party . 
 ask for the keys to one of the chase cars . 
 ask for a gun . 
 something . 
 instead i just stood there . 
 mute . 
 confused . 
 hopeless . 
 i turned and ran inside . 
 i wandered through the office area , past familiar and unfamiliar faces . 
 blackwell survivors being fed their first decent meal in days . 
 gray lipped people drinking water like it was heavenly nectar . 
 i walked past the partially built hydroponic garden , a lattice of metal tubes and containers suspended two floors up , just below the atrium skylight . 
 i found myself on the roof , next to kalee 's container garden . 
 rectangular plant beds constructed from scrap lumber . 
 five gallon buckets with drainage holes drilled in them . 
 they all sported vegetable plants transplanted from area gardens . 
 the tomatoes looked a bit wilted and water deprived . 
 they had been neglected during our rescue preparations . 
 i lifted a wooden cover from a large plastic barrel . 
 as i suspected , it was filled with water . 
 i scooped out a bucket full and set about watering the tomato plants . 
 when finished , i sat down on the roof and just stared at those pitiful plants . 
 the leaves took on a gold and red aura as the sun began to set . 
 sounds drifted up from the parking lot . 
 people discussing the events of the day . 
 survivors being helped into the building . 
 vehicles being moved . 
 i heard shouting . 
 the loud slam of a car door . 
 the voices were louder , more excited . 
 i finally pulled myself up to look . 
 two more vehicles sat in the parking lot . 
 miguel was walking from one of the cars , carrying a heavy duffel bag . 
 my heart began to race . 
 two more people carrying bags of medical supplies climbed from the cars . 
 the moment her dark hair emerged from the suv , i knew it was her . 
 she sauntered out of that car like she was simply returning home from an average shopping trip . 
 a tall figure came running across the parking lot . 
 milo dropped his shotgun as he lifted kalee in the air , spinning her around and then squeezing her close . 
 he stood there for some time , hugging her fiercely while she hugged him back and laughed . 
 a thousand feelings raced through me . 
 joy and relief that she was back safe . 
 jealousy over milo 's greeting . 
 shame over the jealousy . 
 anger at myself that i was not there to greet her . 
 mostly i felt confusion that i could feel so many things simultaneously , particularly about someone that seemed to occupy a completely different universe than me only a few weeks ago . 
 she saw me standing there , at the edge of the roof , and waved . 
 i waved back , then headed down to greet her . 
 may 19 - the factory , oklahoma miguel told us the whole story over breakfast this morning . 
 they got to the pharmacy with no real trouble . 
 only a few dead attacked them while they were collecting the medical supplies , and those were quickly dispatched . 
 they took longer than expected locating the specific prescription medication they wanted , but they found everything they were after and loaded up with extra general purpose medical supplies while they were at it . 
 disaster struck when they finally headed out of town . 
 `` the plan had been to take main street south out of town all the way to west hubbard road , '' miguel explained , `` then take that west past i35 and then wind back up to highway 11 and back here . 
 problem was , we hit a big pack of zombies before we 'd gone even a few blocks . 
 i do n't know where they came from , but it was more than we could push through , so we turned around . 
 then we saw another mess of them wandering down from highway 11 . 
 those i suspect followed us from the shopwell . 
 we turned east but quickly bumped up against the river on the edge of town . 
 i thought for sure we were stuck between the river and all those walking dead , but we just kept following the river south and eventually ran into a road that crossed it , blackwell avenue i think . 
 after that , we were home free . 
 we ended up going pretty far out of our way before we found another road that crossed back over the river without going through town . '' 
 despite the chaos at the end , the pharmacy raid can only be called a complete success . 
 they found all the supplies they sought and lost no team members . 
 the same can not be said about the shopwell rescue . 
 we lost two blackwell survivors and one of our own . 
 peter decker was the man i saw throwing a child to safety at the cost of his own life . 
 that loss brought an edge of sorrow to what should have been a celebration . 
 we held a brief memorial service , and several people spoke about peter 's kindness and bravery . 
 i wish i could remember what was said so i could write it all down here , but i found my mind wandering , remembering decker during those early days at the bus depot . 
 he drafted me into helping with barricades almost as soon as i arrived . 
 i now wonder if he really needed the help , or if he was just keeping me occupied because he knew i needed the distraction . 
 that would be like him . 
 he was a man of few words but usually used just the right ones when he spoke . 
 he had a calm confidence that lowered the anxiety in a room the moment he stepped in . 
 he was exactly the type of person we need right now , and it is unfair that he is gone . 
 for a little while , things were really looking up . 
 we had pulled off an amazing rescue . 
 yes , it had cost decker his life , but his sacrifice had purchased a future for nearly a hundred other souls . 
 our community had nearly doubled overnight , and suddenly we were all a bit more hopeful about the future . 
 we had beaten them . 
 we had gone up against death itself and won . 
 when a small group of undead stumbled up to the factory , the gunners nearly tripped over each other for the chance to dispatch them , for another demonstration of life 's supremacy over death . 
 and then a few more showed up . 
 and a few more . 
 we climbed up to the roof and looked east . 
 a steady stream of dead stumbled down highway 11 and through the fields on either side . 
 as they approached the factory , they steered right for it , attracted by the moans and howls of those already clawing at the walls . 
 death has followed us back from blackwell . 
 end of part 1 thank you for reading this early release of part 1 of the bolachek journals . 
 i am currently hard at work completing the full book , and you can help . 
 please visit thebolachekjournals.com to provide feedback on what you 've read so far and read updates on my progress . 
 thank you . 
 thad d. phetteplace http://thebolachekjournals.com 
