 the last supper : 13 speculative short stories by glen robinson smashwords edition * * * * * published by : prevail publications on smashwords the last supper : 13 speculative short stories copyright © 2013 by glendal p. robinson smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 it is the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy at smashwords.com , where they can also discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support . 
 this book is a work of fiction . 
 although some of the characters in this story are actual historical figures , they are used fictitiously for the purposes of this story . 
 table of contents author 's foreword 1 . 
 a mirror darkly 2 . 
 brindlestar 3 . 
 destiny , inc. 4 . 
 eyes wide open 5 . 
 voyage of the dionysus 6 . 
 jesús saves 7 . 
 my own personal singularity 8 . 
 what 's the frequency , kenneth ? 
 9 . 
 pinocchio 10 . 
 echo of a smile 11 . 
 yo me rindo 12 . 
 the last supper 13 . 
 yesterday and tomorrow ***** the last supper ***** author 's foreword this is my second opportunity to gather my various short stories into one collection . 
 the first , the stranger and other stories , was published in 2012 and was well received . 
 well , to be honest , it got one review on amazon , and that was basically a complaint that they had to pay 99 cents for it . 
 but i have given away more than 500 copies of it on smashwords , and no one there has complained . 
 since that time , i have written more short stories , so i thought it was time to share them . 
 most of them are my traditional fare ; that is , speculative stories that crowd the line between science fiction and something else . 
 i hope you enjoy them . 
 as always , you can find me -- as well as my many other books -- online at http://glenchen.com , on twitter , goodreads or at my amazon site here . 
 blessings . 
 -lrb- back to table of contents -rrb- 1 . 
 a mirror darkly we had a discussion in my student writer 's group a couple of weeks ago about whether some stories should n't be written . 
 most of my short stories come to me as dreams . 
 i have several stories in the back of my mind that border on horror , but since i do n't actually read horror , i have n't written them down . 
 this is my first attempt in that direction . 
 those of you who are horror purists may not consider that part of the genre , perhaps more dark fantasy , and i will defer to your classification . 
 read it and see what you think it is . 
 i 've often said that teachers are simply students who love school so much that they never left . 
 whether that 's true for anyone else , it 's true for me . 
 i loved high school and college , but i know that elementary school laid the foundation for my success later on in life . 
 and that 's why i decided early on to become a first-grade teacher . 
 male first-grade teachers are n't that common , but i was fortunate to have one , and because i knew that more and more kids often did n't have a dad at home , i knew that i could be a great deal of help to many of them . 
 but it took me until my third year of teaching to learn that i could n't help all of them . 
 that 's just the sad reality . 
 some kids have problems at home , with their health , or with other issues that are far beyond my ken and my control to help with . 
 in those cases , all you can do is support them as much as possible , be a friend when they need one , and do whatever you can to make their challenges lighter . 
 that was the case during my third year as a teacher . 
 the week before school started , i was asked to come visit a student in their home . 
 i entered a relatively modest home in a quiet neighborhood and was introduced to mrs. melodie addams and her first-grader augie . 
 `` it 's short for augustus , '' the precocious little blonde-haired boy said . 
 i knew immediately that i would have a firecracker on my hands . 
 `` i 'm pleased to meet you , augie , '' i said , bending down to his level as we sat in their darkened living room . 
 `` are you excited about starting school ? 
 i have a pretty good idea that you will do really well . '' 
 `` i 'm already reading , '' he said matter-of-factly . 
 `` it 's true , '' mrs. addams said . 
 `` he started reading when he was three . 
 now he 's reading every book he can get his hands on . '' 
 `` and i have started math as well , '' augie added . 
 `` i can add and subtract . 
 i asked mommy to teach me how to multiply and divide , but she said i had to wait for the rest of the kids in school . '' 
 i nodded slowly , still wondering what i was doing in their home . 
 `` i assume that my visit here was to allow augie to get acquainted with me . 
 and you , of course . '' 
 she stared at me . 
 `` oh , i have no doubt that augie will be fine with you as a teacher , '' she said . 
 `` and i can see that you are highly qualified . 
 in fact , the school sings your praises . 
 `` well , '' i said , a little embarrassed . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` i wanted you to come because i want you to know about augie 's special needs , '' she said . 
 `` you see , he has been diagnosed with severe catoptrophobia . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i 'm not familiar with that particular disease , but as long as it is n't contagious , i am sure that the school -- . '' 
 `` it 's not a disease . 
 it 's a phobia . 
 i 've already talked to the school board and the principal about it . 
 he 's fine as long as he is not exposed to mirrors . 
 if he is , it 's pretty traumatic . '' 
 i paused . 
 `` mir -- mirrors ? '' 
 i echoed . 
 she nodded , and i looked down at the little boy , who acted as if nothing was wrong . 
 `` if you look around our home , you will notice that all mirrors and shiny surfaces have been removed from our home . 
 augie does n't ride in the car unless he wears a hood over his head . 
 we never take him into public restrooms . 
 and we are very selective as to which restaurants we visit and stores we go to -- when he is with us . '' 
 my head was whirling . 
 none of my education or the two years of teaching had prepared me for this . 
 i knew that i needed to say something to reassure augie and his mother . 
 `` well , you 've talked to the school board and to the principal , '' i said . 
 `` our school has been very good about making accommodation in the past . 
 i do n't see why that wo n't continue in the future . 
 `` on the other hand , '' i said before mrs. addams could speak . 
 `` kids will be kids . 
 if we go about covering all the mirrors in the school for augie 's sake , they will know that there is a problem . 
 and sooner or later , someone is bound to stick a mirror in front of his face . '' 
 mrs. addams nodded . 
 `` we had considered just home schooling him . 
 but augie really wants to be around other kids . 
 he 's doing fine learning here . 
 but we feel for his own social development we want to give public school a try . '' 
 i looked at the little guy in front of me , who looked excited at the prospect of starting school , and i exhaled . 
 then i nodded . 
 `` as i said , i ca n't guarantee anything , but i will do my best to make augie comfortable . '' 
 phil sheridan , the principal , had already met with the addamses . 
 when i got back from my meeting , i talked to him about the possibilities . 
 he and i agreed that somewhere along the line , disaster was waiting , but we would do our best to accommodate augie . 
 that accommodation actually turned out to be easier than i imagined it would be . 
 our first plan was to accompany augie to the restroom , covering the mirror whenever he visited it . 
 but as we talked about it , we realized that i could n't realistically leave my class alone to take care of one child 's needs every single day . 
 in the end , we decided to move my first-grade class down to the opposite end of the hall . 
 monica sterns , the fourth-grade teacher , also taught crafts , and had a small restroom attached to her classroom . 
 i made sure it had no reflecting surfaces , and we moved in . 
 the first week of classes were full of hectic excitement , but other than that , were actually not much different than the two other years i had taught there . 
 augie was a little shy at first , but a little girl named belinda decided that augie was going to be her best friend . 
 by the second day of classes , they were inseparable . 
 augie even told her his secret , one that she swore she would never share . 
 i allowed augie to use the special restroom , what the other kids started calling augie 's `` batcave . '' 
 augie was gracious enough to share it with me . 
 it had a toilet , a sink , and not much else . 
 because it did n't have a mirror , i attached a mirror to the inside of my briefcase for a double check on my appearance right before class or a staff meeting . 
 mrs. addams was usually pretty punctual about picking augie up after school at 3:15 . 
 but three weeks into the school year , something happened and she did n't show up when she normally did . 
 in fact , the after-school supervisor shut down at 4 and she asked me if i would be willing to watch augie until his mom showed up . 
 i was working on putting up new decorations in our classroom and knew that i would be there another couple of hours , so i said no problem . 
 besides , i had grown fond of augie . 
 he was a very bright boy , cheerful and always willing to help and participate . 
 i did n't even have to ask augie to help with the decorations . 
 he was thrilled to have the opportunity to help . 
 it was late september , and i wanted students to start thinking about fall , so the decorations were decidedly orange , yellow and brown . 
 i put augie in charge of taking down everything that was on the bulletin board so that we could redecorate it . 
 in the meantime , i streamed autumn-themed crèpe paper across the ceiling from wall to wall . 
 i kept an eye on augie , especially when he asked to take down the pushpins on the bulletin board . 
 i had finished about half the room when augie yelled on the other side of the classroom : `` where should i put the old push pins ? '' 
 `` just lay them on top of my desk , '' i said . 
 i had my back to him , but so far he had shown great responsibility for a first grader , so i was n't worried . 
 then i heard a crash . 
 i turned on my stepladder and saw that in putting the pushpins on the desk , augie had pushed my briefcase off the desk . 
 papers had flown everywhere and the briefcase lay on the floor upside down . 
 `` that 's all right , augie , '' i said , seeing the shocked look on his face . 
 `` give me a second to finish here and i 'll pick it up . '' 
 a second later , i realized that he intended to pick it up himself , and a half a second after that realized that it would be a mistake . 
 `` wait -- , '' i said , an instant before i heard a blood-curdling scream come from augie . 
 i dropped everything that was in my hands and leaped down from the stepstool . 
 as i crossed the room in three strides , i saw that augie had turned my briefcase over and was staring into it , and into the mirror inside . 
 his face had turned white , and he began to cry . 
 i snatched the briefcase from his hands , closed it and lay it atop the papers on my desk , then grabbed augie . 
 i carried him over to the small set of cushions we had fixed up for a reading center . 
 i pulled augie into my lap while he sobbed , and i tried my best to comfort him . 
 `` you know , augie , '' i told him as he began to quiet down . 
 `` everyone is afraid of something . 
 i have things i am afraid of , even now . '' 
 `` you 're afraid ? 
 why , you 're a big man , '' he said . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` even big men can be afraid . 
 but you know there are two things to do when you are afraid . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` first of all , you need to admit you 're afraid , '' i said . 
 `` until you admit it , you really ca n't do anything about it . '' 
 `` well , that 's obvious , '' he said , and i smiled slightly . 
 `` what the second thing ? '' 
 `` the second thing is a little harder . 
 you have to face your fears , '' i said . 
 `` let me ask you . 
 when did you start becoming afraid of mirrors ? '' 
 his face grew very serious . 
 `` when the dark man came into my room . '' 
 warning bells went off in my head . 
 `` what dark man ? '' 
 `` he told me not to tell anyone , but i already told belinda ` cause she 's my best friend . 
 but you 're my best friend too , are n't you ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` the best . 
 now tell me . 
 what dark man ? '' 
 his eyes grew big . 
 `` there was a big storm about a year ago . 
 my window blew open and the man came in . 
 he asked me if i wanted to be big and strong like him . 
 i should n't have said yes , but i did . 
 and then the pictures disappeared . '' 
 `` pictures ? 
 what pictures ? '' 
 he started to cry again , but i felt like there was a breakthrough coming . 
 `` what pictures , augie ? '' 
 in response , he got up from my lap , still crying , and went to my briefcase . 
 he reached into it without looking and took out the small vanity mirror that i carried in it . 
 he carried it back to me . 
 i could see that the whole process was incredibly difficult for him , but he apparently seemed determined to see it through so that i could understand what he was going through . 
 and i did want to understand . 
 but what happened was completely beyond my understanding . 
 still crying , augie climbed back into my lap and pulled the mirror up in front of our faces . 
 as i looked into the mirror , i saw that my face had turned ashen white . 
 and that was all that i saw . 
 because augie had no reflection in the mirror . 
 `` the dark man stole my picture , '' he said simply to me . 
 and even though i knew exactly what augie was trying to tell me , it was one of those rare moments in life when i had absolutely nothing to say to him in return . 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- * * * 2 . 
 brindlestar i sponsor a student writer 's club called the rough writers . 
 one of the things we are exploring this semester is the concept of world building . 
 because many of the students write fantasy , and i write science fiction , i was interested in developing a world in which both could conceivably exist . 
 that was the birth of brindlestar , a world with three suns . 
 read on . 
 left foot , right foot . 
 pause and listen . 
 left foot , right foot . 
 pause and listen . 
 mira had learned the pattern of safely traversing helfang forest from her father , and even though she had no fear of being attacked by a giant leechlion or a barbary raptor -- not this close to brindlestar -- she kept to the pattern she had learned long ago . 
 her heavy moccasins slipped silently across the white forest floor , the snow clinging to the rough leather of both her feet and her breeches . 
 she heard a heavy sigh behind her . 
 jair , on the other hand , did n't see the point of caution , and for every careful step she took through the woods , he scuffled two steps in the snow . 
 `` this will take us forever , you know , '' jair said , his thin voice cutting through the silence of the forest . 
 mira shook her head . 
 `` jair , it 's a wonder you have n't been eaten before this , '' she said . 
 `` i bet every longtooth within thirty sectors knows that you 're coming . '' 
 `` yeah , well , if we lived in new athens like most people , we would n't have to worry about longtooths , er longteeth . '' 
 `` plural is longtooth , '' she said . 
 `` now let 's be quiet or you will be someone 's lunch . '' 
 `` lunch ? 
 i 'm hungry , '' he said . 
 `` when do we stop to eat ? '' 
 `` there will be plenty to eat when we get to new athens , '' she said quietly , still looking around her . 
 `` you have n't been to a brindlestar festival before . 
 knowing how much you like to eat , it 's something you will never forget . '' 
 `` how old were you when you were at the last festival ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` just about your age , '' she said . 
 `` now shush . 
 we 're almost there , but there still could be wild things around here . '' 
 `` i 'm not worried , not even if there was a specter around , '' he said . 
 `` i 've seen you shoot . 
 you never miss . '' 
 mira glanced back at jair and smiled slightly , then glanced at the bow on her shoulder . 
 jair was right ; she never missed . 
 but that did n't make her any less wary . 
 being wary is what kept you alive in helfang forest . 
 father had taught her that , sometime before he had been killed himself . 
 * * * athena 's flivver dropped from the skies silently , invisibly , just a sector from new athens . 
 she smiled to herself as she thought how ironic it was . 
 she was originally from a city that was her namesake , and yet she was here to take something that belonged to them . 
 the camoed flivver could hardly be seen in broad daylight . 
 here , in brindle light so close to the azimuth of the three suns that served this bleak planet , the flying vehicle could only be seen if you were standing on top of it , or if you had an electronic sensor , which she did . 
 still thinking about her name and the name of the town , she looked up at the weak light of the three suns : paris , the yellow dwarf that signaled the onset of a three-year winter ; hector , the gas giant that brought four years of scorching summer ; and achilles , the one people never thought or talked about anymore , the dangerous one . 
 even now , she saw its pale blue outline on the horizon . 
 achilles : the death bringer , the tower toppler , the wave crasher . 
 every child on the planet learned to pray that achilles would be held away one more season . 
 and for close to a hundred years their prayers had been answered . 
 what they did n't know -- and athena did -- was that scientists had been the ones to answer their prayers . 
 and the cost of answering their prayers had been a thermonuclear detonation . 
 it was still a couple of hours before the ascension and the beginning of the brindle festivities . 
 athena forgot about astronomy and focused on her job . 
 she pressed a button on her doppler suit and disappeared from view . 
 * * * mira breathed a sigh of relief when she saw the lights of new athens before her . 
 the forest parted and they found themselves on a rutted dirt and cobblestone road , one that looked like it had been used a great deal . 
 and it had , especially when it came time for everyone in the region to gather for brindle festival . 
 when paris was in ascension people had to wait for three long , cold years before they could gather again for the festival ; with hector it was four , hard dry years . 
 everyone looked forward to the festival , not just because it forecasted the next few years , but also because the brindle season was the best time for growing and harvesting ; between hot summer and frigid winter came a very fertile season . 
 fertile , mira thought , and shook it out of her mind . 
 people got a little crazy when it came to fertility . 
 it was the task of the city fathers -- and mothers -- to take advantage of brindle season in every way possible . 
 that not only meant planting and harvesting , but also making sure animals bred and had their babies , and people , well ... . 
 she sighed again . 
 at age 14 , she was still young , but within marrying age . 
 and she knew of at least two old women who had eyed her for their sons since the last festival . 
 now that father was out of the picture , they would be on the hunt for her . 
 as wary as she had been in helfang forest , she needed to be just as wary here in town . 
 * * * athena stood on the roof of a shop overlooking the town square , watching the community gather for the festival . 
 she was totally invisible to the crowd below , still wrapped in her doppler shroud . 
 she pointed her sensor at one person and then another , catching a snatch of a conversation as she scanned , but paying little attention to what was being said . 
 she saw the shadows of men behind the leaded windows of the city hall across the square , and knew it was the city fathers getting ready to make the ascension announcement . 
 curious , she pointed her sensor at the window and immediately heard their conversation as if she had been standing in the same room . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 said one voice . 
 `` are you absolutely sure ? 
 i mean , it 's been close to a century since ... . '' 
 `` i 've checked and rechecked the measurements and compared them to the ancient charts , '' said another . 
 `` there 's no doubt in my mind . 
 achilles is in ascension . '' 
 `` but the people , '' said the first . 
 `` achilles means famine , floods , earthquakes . 
 it 's the reason why the countryside is filled with ruins instead of a civilization . 
 it 's the reason why we were able to settle here to begin with . 
 but it will be the end of us all . 
 what do we tell the people ? '' 
 `` we tell them nothing , '' hissed the second . 
 `` they ca n't really prepare for it , and all telling will accomplish is panic . '' 
 there was a pause . 
 `` no , we tell them that paris is in ascension again . 
 they will plant and harvest , then store their grain and their meats , ready for another cold winter season . '' 
 athena listened to the city fathers , raising an eyebrow . 
 she wondered why the scientists had n't told her that achilles was in ascension , but then it was n't part of her job . 
 her job was merely to recruit . 
 maybe these city fathers knew something that the scientists did n't know . 
 but she dismissed that thought as quickly as it struck her . 
 the scientists knew all about it , or the city fathers were wrong . 
 she turned her attention back toward the gathering crowd below her . 
 a young couple just arriving caught her attention . 
 the young girl -- woman in this society -- looked to be about 14 ; the boy about 8 . 
 she scanned them with the sensor . 
 the girl was remarkably intelligent , scoring 144 iq on the register , with a high quotient for problem solving . 
 athena smiled ; she would have made a good specter . 
 after all , that 's how athena had became one . 
 she turned to the second one , the boy . 
 the register shot up to 160 iq . 
 her mouth became a thin line . 
 this was the one she wanted . 
 he was even young enough to adapt to the transition of living in a scientist 's compound . 
 she put her sensor away and jumped from the rooftop into an alleyway below . 
 * * * mira was n't enjoying herself . 
 part of her attention was focused on avoiding mrs. claret and her three fat , rowdy boys and mrs. tatkins and her tall , quiet , pimply son . 
 the other part was struggling to keep an eye on jair , who had never been to new athens , much less a brindlestar festival . 
 it was too much for him and he raced from table to cart to booth , looking at everything , wanting to touch everything , and threatening to get in serious trouble with the shopkeepers there . 
 mira reached out and grabbed jair by the collar just as he started to chase after a cart full of apples . 
 he turned and stared at her , surprised . 
 `` there will be plenty of free food , '' mira said . 
 `` but first they have to make the ascension announcement . '' 
 jair slumped his shoulders and hung his head , but stopped pulling away , resigning himself to standing beside and slightly behind mira in the crowd . 
 as they stood there , trumpets began to sound , and everyone turned toward the platform standing in front of the city hall . 
 `` hear ye , hear ye , his honor , mayor landcraft will now speak . '' 
 a man in blue satin pants and red coat and hat spoke loudly from the front . 
 then a portly middle-aged man dressed in short pants and short waistcoat stepped forward to the front . 
 the mayor spent the next ten minutes talking about what had happened since the last festival , information that mira tuned out . 
 finally he got down to the important news . 
 `` it is my duty and privilege to declare the ascension of paris , '' said the mayor finally . 
 the crowd sighed as one . 
 three years of hard snow and cold weather would be followed by three more years . 
 no one looked forward to more of the same . 
 `` did you hear that , jair ? '' 
 mira said , turning toward him . 
 jair was n't there . 
 mira looked around her in the crowd , but did n't see him anywhere . 
 becoming more and more panicked , she continued to scan the crowd , then the shops and displays , then the alleys and streets surrounding them . 
 just as her father had taught her , she turned out the sound and sights of the crowd surrounding her , and tuned in for her brother 's voice and anything that did n't seem to belong . 
 a moment later , she turned when she heard a garbage can fall over in an alleyway behind them . 
 she saw the can rolling across the alley . 
 what surprised her was there was no one anywhere near it . 
 she sprinted to the alley and looked down it in the gloom . 
 `` jair ? '' 
 she shouted . 
 she heard a fumbling sound and thought she heard the squeak of his voice for just an instant , and she followed it down the alley . 
 she caught a flash of something in front of her , something that looked like a form running fast and carrying something . 
 she arrived at the end of the alley just in time to see a door close . 
 she pushed on the door , but it was locked . 
 she pounded on it and began to scream . 
 her noise brought the attention of the city police . 
 others began to gather . 
 `` hey there , '' they said . 
 `` you ca n't go banging on people 's doors unless you know them . '' 
 `` my brother 's been taken , '' mira gasped , the tears beginning to come to her eyes . 
 `` taken ? '' 
 the policeman said . 
 `` taken by whom ? '' 
 `` something , '' she said . 
 `` a dark form . 
 something invisible . '' 
 `` a specter , '' said an old woman standing nearby . 
 `` they always come at brindlestar . 
 they take them to the city under the mountain . '' 
 `` hogwash , '' the policeman said . 
 `` old ghost stories told to frighten children . '' 
 `` hogwash nothing , '' the woman said . 
 `` they took my niece three festivals ago . '' 
 `` what 's you name , young lady ? '' 
 the policeman asked . 
 `` mira , '' she said . 
 `` and my brother 's name is jair . '' 
 `` well , mira , i am sure that jair is around her somewhere , getting into mischief or filling his face with dillberry pie . 
 festival will be done tomorrow morning . 
 and when it is done , i am sure he will turn up . 
 until then , there 's not a lot we can do . '' 
 mira was n't so sure , but she did n't argue with the policeman . 
 as the crowd filtered away , she stood close to the old woman who had spoken up . 
 finally , when they were alone , the woman looked at her sharply . 
 `` you 're going after him , are n't you ? '' 
 the woman said . 
 mira nodded silently . 
 `` when i was your age , i would have too , '' she said . 
 `` instead i stayed here , got married , had kids and got old . '' 
 `` i love my brother , '' mira said . 
 `` if i do n't do something , i will never see him again . '' 
 this time the old woman nodded . 
 they stared at each other for a long moment , before mira spoke again . 
 `` tell me about the city under the mountain , '' mira said . 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- * * * 3 . 
 destiny , inc. . 
 some might think that i write a lot about death simply because i am getting older . 
 but the truth is that death has been a common topic since men and woman have been writing . 
 why ? 
 because it is something that all of us have in common . 
 for most of us , our last day of life will be a surprise . 
 but what if modern technology made the date of our demise known to life insurance companies , government agencies and us ? 
 how would that change our lives ? 
 and what if along the line , we discovered information that was n't meant for men to know ? 
 i 've never been convinced that a man should know the future . 
 there 's something unnatural about it . 
 even the small peek at your own personal future that the destiny chip provided always raised more questions than it answered . 
 my father -- i 'm glad he died before all of this happened -- used to say , `` do n't borrow trouble from tomorrow ; there 's plenty enough of that for today . '' 
 and he was probably right . 
 but a job was a job . 
 and when you are a public relations professional like me , sometimes you end up sleeping with strange bedfellows . 
 i was thinking about just that as i rode the elevator up to the 150th floor of the destiny tower for that morning 's meeting . 
 it was the meeting that opened my eyes to what we were really involved in . 
 it was the morning -- and the meeting -- that opened everyone 's eyes . 
 as i thought about the destiny chip embedded in my own body , i unconsciously scratched my left forearm where it had laid under the skin since i was five . 
 these days everyone got theirs embedded at birth , but the destiny chip did n't exist when i was born , so i caught it at five when the chip became mandatory . 
 the elevator doors opened and i stepped out into the usual busy office setting . 
 i left the quiet of the elevator for the bedlam of noise in the office . 
 margie was sitting at the receptionist desk . 
 she winked when i stepped up to the desk , and i winked back . 
 she tilted her head toward the conference room , and whispered : `` they 're waiting for you . '' 
 i nodded and made the left turn into the massive conference room with its picturesque view of the manhattan skyline . 
 the custom-made mahogany table was made to accommodate 40 people at a time , which always amazed me , especially since the day i heard it was a solid piece from a single tree . 
 today i saw that there would be only four of us . 
 at the far end of the table sat brennan sheldon , ceo of destiny , inc. , and our corporate attorney , emily watson . 
 i did n't recognize the fourth person , who sat fidgeting next to emily . 
 i paused for a second , caught off guard . 
 `` jonathan , come in , '' i heard . 
 mr. sheldon waved me over , and i hiked over to the other side of the cavernous room . 
 `` just four of us ? '' 
 i asked , still surprised . 
 mr. sheldon nodded . 
 `` when you hear what i have to share with you , you will understand why . '' 
 he gestured at the fourth person . 
 `` i do n't know if you have met dr. handley brookings . 
 he 's from quality control . '' 
 i sat down across from emily and to the right of mr. sheldon , who turned to brookings and gestured for him to speak . 
 he cleared his throat and started his story . 
 `` one week ago , heinrich saars , one of our technicians in the nursery at a hospital in berlin noticed an abnormality . 
 four out of seven babies that he was responsible for tagging registered the same date , august 12 , 2133 , seventy-one years from now . 
 the other babies had earlier expiration dates . 
 he reported the abnormality to our department , as he is required to do by policy . 
 `` it was the first time we have had such an issue , '' brookings said . 
 `` curious , i logged into the mainframe and did a query on how many babies had been tagged with the same expiration date : august 12 , 2133 . 
 since the beginning of the year , we have had 106,352 babies with that date . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we tag a lot of babies . 
 there are bound to be some that will expire on the same date . '' 
 `` statistically , it 's something of a speedbump , '' mr. sheldon said , finally speaking up . 
 `` those things happen . '' 
 brookings nodded . 
 `` it 's similar to having a lot of births on the same day . 
 there are days when a lot of people are born , and there are days when a lot of people ... expire . 
 `` and so i did n't get alarmed at first . 
 then on a hunch , i asked the mainframe to list the number of babies who were scheduled for august 13 , 2033 . 
 there were none . 
 i asked for august 11 , and there was an average amount . 
 i asked for august 14 , and there were none . 
 i went on and asked for total amount of expirations for the rest of the year 2133 . 
 `` he leaned forward as if sharing a secret . 
 `` there were none . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow , still not understanding the implications . 
 `` a software glitch ? 
 something wrong with the mainframe ? 
 how about the chips ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shook his head , and i could see that he was upset . 
 `` i ran a diagnostic on all three of them . 
 and then i ran it again , and then a third time . 
 finally i looked at our entire database -- all 3.3 billion tagged people . 
 there was not one single person scheduled to expire after august 13 , 2133 . '' 
 he stared at me . 
 `` in the end i could come to only one conclusion . 
 the world ends on august 13 , 2133 . '' 
 i stared back at him with his white face , sweat beading on his forehead . 
 then i looked at emily , her mouth drawn into a fine line , and finally at mr. sheldon , who had the same bland expression he always wore . 
 i stared at them for a long moment , then laughed . 
 `` this is some sort of joke , is n't it ? 
 i mean , it 's got to be . 
 the end of the world ? 
 come on ! '' 
 mr. sheldon leaned forward . 
 `` i am taking this very seriously , jonathan , and i think you should too . 
 i also have a hard time believing that what we are witnessing is a prediction of our last day on earth . 
 more likely it is some sort of malfunction . 
 but in any eventuality , we need to do some crisis management . '' 
 `` i agree , '' emily said , nodding . 
 `` government and industry jumped on to the destiny bandwagon 25 years ago because we could prove that our chip accurately predicted how long each person would live . 
 our whole reputation is built on allowing our client base to know without a doubt which day will be their last day on earth . 
 if news of this discovery comes out , it would ruin us and open us up to any number of lawsuits . '' 
 i looked back at dr. brookings . 
 `` what about this technician in berlin , this heinrich saars ? '' 
 brookings shook his head . 
 `` he wo n't be a problem . 
 he a loyal corporate man , and we just gave him a hefty raise and promotion , along with a non-disclosure agreement . 
 he wo n't open his mouth . '' 
 i looked at emily . 
 `` do we have any legal obligations to tell washington about this ? 
 i mean , if we really know the day the world will end ... . '' 
 `` we do n't know when the world will end , '' mr. sheldon said . 
 `` that 's just preposterous . '' 
 `` well , what do we know ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we know that our chip , which has been 100 % reliable up to this point , is now telling us that the last person to die will do so on august 13 , 2133 . 
 what that tells me is -lrb- a -rrb- our system is not longer reliable ; -lrb- b -rrb- the world will end on august 13 , 2133 ; or -lrb- c -rrb- something else is going to happen that we do n't know and ca n't foresee . '' 
 i stood up and stared out at the skyline . 
 `` in any of those cases , we have a major public relations challenge on our hands . '' 
 for a long moment , i forgot the others in the room and stared out at the busy new york streets below me . 
 my destiny chip told me that i was scheduled to die five years before this all happened . 
 did it really matter when the world ended if i did n't live long enough to see it end ? 
 for some reason , i felt like it did . 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- * * * 4 . 
 eyes wide open this short story is an exploration of what might be a sequel to my book , the kiss of night . 
 if you 're interested , you can find it here . 
 rudy 's never closes is what the sign read , which is pretty much stating the obvious for pretty much every shop and restaurant in the country these days . 
 when you do n't sleep , you end up either doing crap all the time , like picking up strange women , or trespassing , or beating up any geeks you come across . 
 the other alternative is to drink , or smoke , do drugs , or read or watch tv , which leads to boredom , which leads to stuff like picking up strange women , and the other stuff that i listed earlier . 
 one of the safer activities is to visit all-night diners , taste the local cuisine , and then compare notes . 
 that 's what all the gramps and grannies do -- the ones who are still around , that is . 
 me , i eat when i 'm hungry . 
 no more than five times a day . 
 none of this obsessive eating that so many have latched on since we woke up . 
 eating is for energy , for keeping meat on my bones . 
 that 's the critical issue in my line of work . 
 energy . 
 meat . 
 bones . 
 i 'm a bounty hunter . 
 have been for quite a while since long before the wake up call . 
 i used to work out of dallas , specializing in bringing in deadbeat dads and critters who were short on luck and long on reward money . 
 i did n't get rich , but it was a living . 
 i 've never been the type to look too far off . 
 then came the great sleep . 
 caught me off guard while i was visiting a cat house in waco . 
 next thing i know , six weeks has gone by , and i am waking up with a full beard and a soft spoken limey is telling me to take it easy and would you please drink some of this gatorade ? 
 funny , suffering from a national epidemic , and not even knowing about it until after you are pronounced cured . 
 after the great sleep came the wake up call . 
 if you remember , there was a honeymoon period while everyone was happy to be alive . 
 after that for a long time , no one wanted to even think about going back to sleep . 
 it was a while before it occurred to me and everyone else that sleep is n't that bad of a thing , and , oh yeah , now i ca n't sleep at all . 
 the world watched on and first they celebrated that a cure had been found for the great sleep . 
 then they did what one might expect : rather than opening their doors , they slammed them and nailed them shut . 
 poor limeys who came to the states to help out got stuck in the states . 
 some wore hazmat suits , but you ca n't eat or crap in a hazmat suit , so that gets old quick . 
 within a few days , they 'd joined the rest of us . 
 it was take the medicine and stay awake forever , or not take the medicine and take a good , long nap . 
 no middle ground , which , of course , sucks . 
 so once again the good old united states of us was alone in the universe . 
 europe waited to see what happened , then they pretty much forgot us . 
 england too . 
 guess they just got tired of messing with us . 
 things got pretty crazy real fast . 
 suicides , that 's to be expected . 
 then came the rioting and looting . 
 and the bombings . 
 then the cool thing to do was to find celebrities and shoot them in a public place . 
 and then anybody who happened to be in a public place . 
 that got washington 's attention . 
 the government had to do something pretty quick , or we were going to make somalia look like paradise . 
 and so they decided what they needed was a scapegoat . 
 they could n't point out the guy from nicaragua , elizondo lopez , who started the sleeping sickness ; he 'd died early on . 
 and sleeping was n't the problem anymore . 
 now it was a matter of not being able to sleep . 
 and so they had to find someone to pin the cure on . 
 there were two people that the cdc were able to identify ; the guys whose dna was used to make the cure . 
 their names were dr. dale grady and his bastard son , matthew suggs . 
 grady was easy to find . 
 guess he was feeling a little bit guilty about how everything turned out and surrendered himself to the fbi the day after they discovered that the vaccine had backfired . 
 lot of good it did him . 
 he lasted a total of 45 minutes before someone pulled a pistol on the courthouse steps and shot him dead . 
 suggs should have been easy to find too . 
 he was in england when they started giving out the vaccine . 
 when everything seemed to be over , he came back to the u.s. and got a ticker tape parade in new york city . 
 and right after that he disappeared . 
 someone must have found him and got word to him that he was in danger . 
 with grady gone , suggs became public enemy # 1 . 
 the feds put out a $ 10 million bounty on him , which is where i come in . 
 i know i have a lot of competition ; some of those hottest to nail him are n't even interested in the bounty . 
 but that 's my job . 
 i do n't care if suggs did the dirty or not . 
 my job is simply to bring him in . 
 that 's where rudy 's never closes comes in . 
 i got a line that suggs had an uncle in albuquerque who was a short-order cook by the name of rudy suggs . 
 the mom 's out of the picture , so matthew 's next likely place to turn is going to be his next relative in line . 
 i do n't plan on hurting him ; after all , the kid 's only 19 . 
 but i do intend to collect that $ 10 million bounty . 
 who knows . 
 maybe it will be enough to bribe my way out of this godforsaken country to somewhere civilized , like siberia . 
 wish me luck . 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- * * * 5 . 
 voyage of the dionysus brindlestar may have started as an exercise in world building , but it has taken on a life of its own . 
 one of my enjoyable parts of writing for me is creating new characters , and then setting them down in a world that both challenges them and needs them to solve its problems . 
 meet leef undertree , would-be sailor and hero by necessity . 
 barrel-chested , sunburned herv wallak roared out his laughter and pointed . 
 leef looked where he was pointing , knowing what he would see before he looked , and grinned . 
 the familiar sight of green land over blue water jutted before them . 
 home . 
 after three weeks at sea , leef undertree scarcely noticed the roll and rise of the fishing trawler . 
 he had become a rider of the waves , the small ship serving as his horse , rising and falling in a rhythm that had become second nature to him . 
 in fact , after three weeks on the inland sea , he had begun to feel more at home here than at his home in salonika . 
 he tightened down the lines leading to the jib , and glanced once again over the gunwale at his prize : the largest razorbeak ever seen in these water , since , well since ever . 
 it lay strapped to the outside of the gunwale , too large to fit in the hold of the ship . 
 it had taken him many hours to land the beast , first with pole and line and later with grappling hook . 
 and even now the trail of blood in the water and his own bloody hands reminded him of the battle he had undertaken -- and won . 
 now it was only their speed that kept the razorbeak from serving as food for the monsters that trailed behind them . 
 the giant green fish 's meat would feed the village for the rest of the season , but it was worth far more than that to him . 
 it would mean that his father would regain his reputation as a leader in the community . 
 and it would gain him something else , something far more important than prestige . 
 he envisioned the locust-wood deep draft ketch that he and his father had been working on for three years . 
 his father , the master shipbuilder , had refused to name it : tradition stated that the ship 's first captain had that honor . 
 but leef already had a name selected for his first love : dionysus . 
 the name chosen for the god of wine honored the many nights his father had sat drunkenly supervising his hard work , and it honored the drunken joy that he felt right now . 
 for he now knew where he would spend the rest of his life . 
 salonika was no longer his home . 
 his home was the sea . 
 the next two hours slipped by quickly , and soon herv and he were cutting across the smooth water of the harbor , the primary sun paris bright over his left shoulder , the distant sun achilles dim on the horizon . 
 the boat cruised toward the dock where leef could see his father waiting with a cluster of other men . 
 theirs was the last fishing trawler to enter the harbor , and he suspected that others had seen his catch and had stolen his opportunity to surprise his father and the rest of the village . 
 sure enough , as they pulled up to the wharf and herv tied up the bowline and he tied up the sternline , a dozen men piled onto the trawler , eager to see the enormous razorbeak tied on the other side of the boat . 
 others waded out into the water alongside the boat . 
 as the men untied the monstrous fish and towed it through the water to the winch that stood just beyond the bow , herv barked out orders . 
 `` careful now , that fishy 's got a lot of stories tied up in it , but there will be many fewer if it gets scarred in the process , '' he told them . 
 `` and i will have the hide of any of you that do n't respect the efforts of this young man . '' 
 he turned and grinned at leef . 
 `` if that do n't buy you free drinks at whaley 's pub for the rest of your life , i 'll skin whaley myself . '' 
 `` i 'm not concerned about whaley 's pub , '' leef said , turning to look at his father on the wharf . 
 `` i have something more important on my mind . '' 
 `` ah , he 's proud of you , ca n't you see ? '' 
 herv said . 
 `` if he 's of a right mind , he will give you your inheritance here and now . '' 
 `` we 'll see , '' leef said , more to himself than to herv . 
 without his eyes leaving his father , he climbed over the gunwale and climbed the moss-covered ladder to the wharf above . 
 `` that 's a grand fish you have brought in , '' bard undertree told his son as he joined him . 
 leef turned with his father to watch them hoisting the fish up on pulleys by its tail . 
 the crossbeam with the pulley stood a good ten feet off the surface of the wharf , but even so , it was n't high enough to keep the head of the big fish from lying on the wharf . 
 `` it is all yours , '' leef said to his father . 
 `` i brought it back for you to sell and pay off the debt on the business . '' 
 `` there is no debt , '' bard said . 
 `` you can keep the honor of the fish , and the money that comes with it . '' 
 `` what do you mean , there is no debt ? '' 
 leef echoed . 
 `` what happened to it ? '' 
 bard grasped his son by his shoulders and looked into his eyes . 
 `` i have been thinking about getting out of the business for some time now . 
 your brother brokered a deal -- a good deal -- with the hazard family . 
 they have agreed to take over the debt , provide a yearly stipend for me until i die , in exchange for the business and all its properties . '' 
 leef could n't believe his ears . 
 he looked at his father blankly , then across the wharf to where his older brother mact stood with mr. hazard and his daughter lizbeth . 
 leef noticed how closely mact and lizbeth stood together , and suddenly he understood . 
 `` i get it , '' he said slowly . 
 `` you get a retirement fee , hazard gets the business , and mact gets lizbeth . 
 what do i get ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` where is my inheritance ? '' 
 leef said . 
 `` i do n't want the business . 
 i just want the boat we spent the last three years building . 
 the dionysus . '' 
 `` i never promised you an inheritance , '' bard said , and leef noticed an edge coming into his father 's voice . 
 `` life is hard , and you will have to make your own way , just as i have spent the past 40 years making my own way . 
 besides , an inheritance goes to the firstborn . '' 
 leef had always felt close to his father , even when he had had to walk him home drunk from whaley 's pub . 
 but now , as he stared at his father , he realized that a barrier had come between him and his father . 
 he had never gotten along with mact , who was only interested in making money as a merchant . 
 his father had had to choose between him and his brother . 
 and leef had lost out . 
 `` the boat belongs to mr. hazard now , '' bard said . 
 `` talk to him . 
 maybe he will be willing to sell it to you . '' 
 leef stood and stared as his father walked down the wharf and disappeared . 
 leef turned to the cluster of people around mr. hazard and walked up to his brother . 
 `` that is the biggest fish i have ever seen , '' mact said to him . 
 `` congratulations . '' 
 `` it 's the biggest fish this village has ever seen , and that 's a fact , '' leef said , no joy apparent in his voice . 
 `` and i will give it to you gladly in exchange for the boat . '' 
 mact looked at leef and slowly shook his head . 
 `` that boat belongs to my future father in law , '' he said . 
 `` and he plans on selling it to king zhukov in sparta . 
 in fact , the king has already sent his deposit . '' 
 `` i spent the last three years building that boat , '' leef said . 
 `` i know every plank , every turnbuckle , every dowel that went into her . 
 she 's mine . '' 
 `` i could care less how much time you spent working on her , '' mact said . 
 `` all that matters is what the court will say , and all that matters to them is this slip of paper . '' 
 he held the bill of sale over his head as if it were a club to strike leef down . 
 and for leef it was . 
 a sudden wave of despair flooded leef . 
 choking back a sob , he said : `` then i give the fish to you as a wedding present . 
 may you have a long life and many children . '' 
 he turned and walked away from his brother for the last time . 
 * * * the crowd of well wishers had thinned somewhat , but a few men still slapped him on the shoulder and wished him well . 
 leef hardly heard or felt them . 
 all he wanted was to be alone . 
 in a matter of two hours , he had gone from a sense of elation and the feeling of having a world of possibilities to one where he saw no future . 
 his father had officially retired , his brother had taken the results of three years ' labor , and he was without a job , a home and future . 
 he looked back at herv . 
 perhaps herv would be willing to take him on as a deckhand ? 
 but no , it had cost him a month 's wages to convince herv to take him on this last trip . 
 herv was no rich man , and he knew he could n't afford to hire leef for his trawler . 
 and most , if not all , of the fishers were in the same situation . 
 no , the only answer was for leef to go into business for himself . 
 and the answer to that -- he realized -- was to do the unthinkable . 
 leef walked away from the wharf , buried in his own grief . 
 he hardly saw the young girl that stood where the wharf ended and the string of shops along the harbor begun . 
 he started to step past her , but she stepped in front of him . 
 `` excuse me , '' she said in halting common . 
 `` i am looking for passage to sparta . '' 
 `` i ca n't help you , '' leef mumbled . 
 `` try one of the captains on the wharf . '' 
 `` i have tried , '' she said . 
 `` i have tried them all . 
 no one will help me . '' 
 leef shook his head , annoyed by the girl 's persistence . 
 `` trades are blowing the wrong way this time of year , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't blame them . '' 
 `` yes , but , '' she said , insistently . 
 `` my name in mara . 
 my brother was kidnapped . 
 i need to get to sparta to get him back . '' 
 `` take it up with the police in sparta . 
 oh , that 's right , you need to get to sparta . 
 sorry , ca n't help you . '' 
 `` look , i do n't have much money , but i will gladly pay you later for passage . 
 but i need it right away . '' 
 `` listen girl , '' leef said . 
 `` what part of no do n't you understand ? '' 
 `` i ca n't afford to accept no , '' she said , tears coming to her eyes . 
 `` i 'm all out of options . '' 
 leef nodded . 
 `` i know exactly how you feel . 
 sometimes you have to do the wrong thing for the right reasons . 
 sorry . '' 
 he stepped past her and walked away . 
 * * * the midday turned to evening , and evening to night . 
 the captains and their crews were all in whaley 's pub , celebrating the end of another successful trip into the inland sea . 
 there were no fatalities this time around , and that was reason enough for most of them to get drunk . 
 leef 's catch had added to their good fortune , and so as the night went on , any captain who did n't have the fortune -- or misfortune -- to have a wife or children who would come and walk them home to a warm bed , found themselves asleep by the hearth at whaley 's . 
 jim whaley was used to it , and knew who his regular customers were . 
 his accommodations were comfortable , and he did n't charge much for a sailor to sleep on a table -- or underneath one . 
 all of this time , leef was nowhere to be seen . 
 his father and brother did n't look for him . 
 his father knew that his son would need time to absorb the news of the sale of his business . 
 and so he left him alone to stew in his own juices . 
 but leef was n't wasting time in anger . 
 instead , he had taken the night hours to slip onto the deck of the islander , one of several boats owned by one hakk smeatson , the richest and most successful fisher and exporter in salonika . 
 leef knew for a fact that hakk would be spending the night in whaley 's . 
 he also knew that his best mate had a girlfriend that he had n't seen in a month , so he was n't around either . 
 that meant the islander was empty , and easy pickings for someone who knew what he wanted , and needed it badly . 
 leef did n't consider stealing the islander . 
 it was too well known , and leef had no desire to be pursued by ships he knew were faster than the trawler . 
 instead , he slipped into the hold for a fresh set of canvas sails , a hundred cubits of rope and a can of pitch . 
 an hour later , he had the sails , rope and pitch loaded into the dionysus . 
 if he had his druthers , he would have given the boat a fresh coat of paint , made sure it was waterproof with an extra coat of pitch in the hold , and properly named and launched her . 
 but desperate times called for ... well , he would properly launch his love at another time . 
 right now , his priority was to slip out of the harbor with the tide , early enough that no one in the harbor saw them leave . 
 the boat house had been locked , but leef had been in it so many times that he knew every loose board and rafter . 
 he slipped in through an upper window and loaded his supplies . 
 when he had the mast stepped and the sails mounted , he hopped out of the boat , checked through a lower window to make sure no one was out on the wharf , then used a mallet to knock the chock out from under the rollers beneath the ship . 
 a second later , he heard the boat begin to roll like a sled on a track . 
 by the time the stern of the dionysus met the wooden doors , it was rolling fast enough to knock the doors open with a crash . 
 `` well , '' he said to himself . 
 `` if that does n't wake them , i do n't know what will . '' 
 he stood on the shore , watching the dionysus float on the water outside the boathouse . 
 he hesitated , then as if remembering what he was there for , dove into the water and swam out to the stern of the boat and hauled himself aboard . 
 five minutes later , he was sailing quietly out of the harbor , a stiff morning breeze and the outgoing tide allying with him in his escape . 
 he looked back at salonika as it grew smaller in his vision behind the boat . 
 he had no idea where he was headed ; he only knew that he would never be welcomed in his home town again . 
 `` they hang horse thieves , '' he thought . 
 `` what do they do with people who steal ships ? '' 
 `` i think they hang them too , '' he heard a voice say . 
 as he looked at the door leading down to the hold , a dark head appeared . 
 it was the girl who had confronted him hours before . 
 mara , she had called herself . 
 `` maybe they keelhaul them , '' she said , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` whatever keelhauling is . '' 
 `` what are you doing on this boat ? '' 
 he said , an edge in his voice . 
 `` how did you get on her ? '' 
 `` same way you did , '' she said . 
 `` i snuck on in the dead of night . 
 face it , we are both criminals . '' 
 he stared at the young girl , hardly a teenager , and realized she was right . 
 `` you know , i could just throw you over the side , '' he said . 
 `` you could , but then you would be a murderer and a thief , '' she said . 
 `` and i do n't think you will . 
 i 'm a pretty good judge of character . '' 
 `` you are , are you ? '' 
 he said . 
 he stared at her for a long while , and realized that once again she was right . 
 he had stolen the boat in a rash act , had no plan and no provisions . 
 he had never been to a port beyond salonika , and yet stolen a boat that was promised to the king of sparta , the richest and most powerful land on brindlestar . 
 `` so where do we go now ? '' 
 he said finally . 
 `` where else ? '' 
 she said , matter-of-factly . 
 `` we head for sparta . '' 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- * * * 6 . 
 jesÚs saves the tale of cassandra and her curse is known by anyone who has read greek mythology . 
 but does it have modern-day religious implications as well ? 
 the full moon lit the waters of the caribbean as i looked over the railing of the s.s. champion . 
 behind me one could hear the noise of celebration -- people laughing and shouting , dancing and singing -- as we drew closer to the midnight hour . 
 but i was still caught up in my serious , sad reverie . 
 more than once since i had come onto this cruise the thought of jumping over the railing and ending it all had come to me . 
 the laughing behind me hit my heart like daggers and i once again wanted to finish everything . 
 i had no one left to grieve me , after all . 
 `` señor , why are n't you inside at the party ? '' 
 i heard a voice behind me say . 
 i turned and saw a small , dark man dressed in the uniform of the cruise line . 
 he smiled at me expectantly . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i guess i just do n't feel in a party mood , jesus . '' 
 i pronounced his name the way i saw it spelled on his name tag . 
 `` please , señor , it is pronounced hay-soos , '' he said patiently . 
 `` and i understand your feelings about the party . 
 sometimes people feel like they need to celebrate even when there is nothing to celebrate . '' 
 his face looked thoughtful for a long while , before brightening again . 
 `` but it is my job to make sure that you have a good time while you are aboard . 
 you would not want me to lose my job , would you , señor ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` sorry . 
 my wife died six months ago , and it 's been hard to celebrate anything since then . 
 my therapist recommended i come on this cruise , and my friends chipped in and paid for it . 
 i 'd just as soon be at home feeding the squirrels in my backyard as be on this cruise . '' 
 `` i am sorry to hear about your wife , '' he said . 
 `` it seems we both have our crosses to bear . '' 
 he chuckled quietly to himself , then stopped when he saw that i was n't laughing . 
 we stood , shoulder to shoulder , looking out over the water for several long minutes before i broke the silence . 
 `` so what 's your cross ? '' 
 `` excuse me , señor ? '' 
 `` you said we both had crosses to bear . 
 what is your burden ? '' 
 jesús sighed . 
 `` please , señor , you do not want to hear of my difficulties . 
 i may get in trouble if they were to learn i was telling a passenger of my problems . '' 
 i turned and looked at him . 
 `` nonsense . 
 consider it therapy for me . 
 something to get my mind off of my own problems . 
 please . 
 i insist . '' 
 he looked at me for a long moment as if trying to decide whether to trust me or not . 
 finally he nodded and sighed . 
 `` have you ever read the story of cassandra ? '' 
 jesús said . 
 `` from greek mythology ? '' 
 i thought for a long moment , then shook my head . 
 `` i was never much of a reader . '' 
 `` very well . 
 cassandra had the ability to foretell disasters , evil that would befall people . 
 but she was also cursed with the fact that no one would believe her . '' 
 `` sounds terrible , '' i said . 
 `` it is , señor , '' he said . 
 `` it is also hereditary . '' 
 he stared at me for a long while , waiting for his words to sink in . 
 finally i spoke . 
 `` so you 're saying that you have inherited this ability to forecast disasters ? '' 
 he nodded , and i could see sadness come into his eyes . 
 `` my mother warned me of it when i was a little muchacho , '' he said . 
 `` she was a very quiet woman , who for the most part stayed to herself . 
 she never read the newspaper or watched the tv news . 
 when i grew up , i discovered why . 
 `` my visions started when i was 17 . 
 since that time , i have seen two train accidents , three fires , and four explosions . 
 i have tried to save many , but have been only successful in one or two cases . '' 
 i continued to stare at him until i began to realize something . 
 `` you 're ... you 're here because the something is going to happen to the ship , '' i said . 
 he did n't nod , even though i could see he wanted to . 
 instead , his lips drew into a line and his eyes grew hard . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` i am not sure , '' he said . 
 `` soon , i think . '' 
 i looked at the little man , then listened to the reverie behind me . 
 as i listened , the countdown to midnight began : `` ten ... nine ... eight ... seven ... '' `` have you told the captain ? '' 
 i said . 
 he shook his head slightly . 
 `` he is aware of my history , and i have lost many jobs because i frightened the passengers . 
 he would only lock me away where i could not help anyone . '' 
 `` so you decided to talk to passengers one at a time , '' i said . 
 `` individuals like me who are n't part of the crowd . 
 you find suckers who are sad , or lonely , and convince that the world is coming to an end . 
 what 's your angle ? '' 
 `` angle ? '' 
 he repeated . 
 `` i have no angle . 
 i only want to save you . '' 
 i looked at him as fireworks went off above our heads , and the words `` happy new year ! '' 
 were shouted behind us . 
 suddenly i was disgusted with it all , the celebration , the crowd , the cruise , and the small man who had tried to convince me that he was the only one who knew of an imminent disaster . 
 `` i 'm going to bed , '' i said , turning away from him . 
 `` i understand , señor , '' i heard a sad voice behind me say . 
 i walked down the three levels of stairs to my small cabin , unlocked the door , entered and collapsed onto the bed , still fully dressed . 
 i was tired of it all : tired of life , tired of pretending that things mattered , tired of going on . 
 despite my angry frame of mind , i fell into a fitful sleep . 
 i awoke , disoriented , a few hours later , with a rapping on my door . 
 i got myself up and opened it , and somehow was n't surprised when the small man jesús was standing on the other side . 
 i looked at him expectantly and he looked up at me , a bit embarrassed . 
 `` it is time , señor , '' he said , a note of urgency in his voice . 
 `` it will happen soon . '' 
 `` what ? 
 what will happen soon ? '' 
 he stammered . 
 `` the ship ... she will sink . 
 many , maybe all , will die . '' 
 i stared at the small man who stood in front of me , trying to decide whether to believe him or not . 
 i do n't know what made me do it , but finally , i nodded . 
 `` esta bien , '' he said quietly , and turned to lead me down the hallway , up the stairs and onto the deck we had left just hours before . 
 the celebration had all disappeared , and everyone had gone to bed , many to rise late the next day with a major hangover . 
 `` get in , '' he told me , gesturing toward one of the lifeboats . 
 he reached over and pulled back the white canvas cover that lay over the top of it . 
 `` where are the others ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` am i the only one ? '' 
 `` so far , '' he said . 
 `` i will stay and try to save the others . '' 
 i stood there and stared at him , doubt creeping back into my mind . 
 `` señor , do you trust me ? '' 
 i furrowed my brow . 
 `` i 've known you for less than a day . 
 common sense tells me that i should n't trust you . '' 
 `` there are matters beyond common sense , '' he said . 
 `` what does your heart tell you ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` my heart says that you may be my only chance at salvation . '' 
 in response , he pulled the tarp back farther , and i climbed into the lifeboat . 
 minutes later , the gears began moving and the boat swung out and down , suspended by ropes over the water . 
 when the boat hit the waves , jesús told me to unhook the ropes . 
 `` do not lose courage , '' he shouted down to me . 
 `` i will be with you . '' 
 this is crazy , i said to myself a minute after unhooking the second rope , but i had already committed . 
 everyone on the ship as far as i could tell was asleep , with the exception of my small , hispanic savior . 
 and for some reason he had placed me in the lifeboat by myself , not even bothering to join me . 
 i am a pragmatist by nature , and knowing that i was committed , i threw myself into my situation . 
 i went through the lifeboat and found a first aid kit , a few old rations and five gallons of water . 
 plenty to spare , i told myself , believing that i would be rescued within hours . 
 but it was n't hours . 
 it was a week before they found me , and i had by that time concluded that it had all been a hoax . 
 a container ship found me floating on the flat sea , out of water , out of food , sunburned and finally deliriously happy to be with other people . 
 when i finally got to the deck , i was congratulated by the captain . 
 `` thank god we found you , '' he said . 
 `` we had just about given up hope . '' 
 `` me too , '' i said . 
 `` it was insane for me to get into that lifeboat . '' 
 `` it was an insanity that saved your life , '' he said . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` the champion struck an old mine left over from the second world war , and sunk in less than a minute , '' he said . 
 `` it happened just before dawn a week ago . 
 everyone was believed drowned . 
 but so far , we have found two alive . 
 thank god . '' 
 `` two ? '' 
 i echoed . 
 he nodded , and stepped aside . 
 behind him , dressed in overalls like the other workers on the freighter , was jesús . 
 his sunburned face was sad . 
 `` i tried , '' he said , shaking his head slowly . 
 `` no one else would believe me . '' 
 i smiled slightly . 
 `` one did . 
 you saved me . '' 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- * * * 7 . 
 my own personal singularity many years ago , aldous huxley dictated his experiences as he lay on his death bed . 
 with the exception of those who have been revived after near-death experiences , or those who claim to have `` been to the other side , '' we do n't know much about what lays beyond death 's doors . 
 faith dictates that we trust god , or whatever line of thinking we believe in . 
 but what if einstein knew all along , and tried to tell us ? 
 time is relative , einstein tells us . 
 it 's an artificial construct that we have created to remind us that we are finite , mortal . 
 the universe does n't wear a wristwatch . 
 and thankfully , i decided to stop wearing one the day i found out i had terminal cancer . 
 that was some time ago -- i no longer think in terms of weeks or months -- probably rather quickly if you were to ask my dear bethany . 
 the illness has been hardest on her . 
 for me , there was a brief moment of panic , a sense of denial , and thankfully , a long period of acceptance . 
 now i am lying on my bed , looking at the faint cracks in the ceiling of my bedroom while bethany and my two children , mark and elizabeth , help her in the kitchen . 
 it 's october , and normally thanksgiving would be more than a month away . 
 but because there 's a very good chance i wo n't be here to enjoy it this year , the family decided to celebrate thanksgiving in october like the canadians . 
 i did n't put up a fight , even though i have never been to canada . 
 the door is almost completely open , and through the corner of my eye i can hear them talking and working . 
 liz and mark are teasing and ribbing each other , as they always do , as siblings are supposed to do , as brothers and sisters have done and will continue to do as long as more than one child is born to a family . 
 and there 's a singular blessing that comes with seeing them interact with each other . 
 they fight , as all siblings do , but even in their bickering you see the love that they share . 
 i was born a single child , and continue to be amazed by the dynamics of sibling rivalry and bonding . 
 i think about mark ; creative genius that he is , obstinate man that he has become . 
 i think of the challenges he has been through ; the auto accident that took away partial use of his left arm and made him drop out of college for a year . 
 i think about the job after job that he struggled with because of his physical and mental challenges . 
 i think of the wonderful girl that he married and the young boy that he and his wife brought into the family . 
 i see mark as he was when the nurses brought him out of the delivery room the first time . 
 i see him walking for the first time . 
 i see him playing little league , graduating from high school , then college . 
 i see him as the boy he was and the man he has become . 
 i shift in the bed and feel numbness -lrb- can one actually feel numbness ? -rrb- 
 in my feet . 
 there 's no pain , only coldness . 
 i know that the end will come sooner rather than later , despite what my family 's plans are . 
 and i think about elizabeth . 
 strong-willed , beautiful , brilliant , argumentative , sharp-witted . 
 i feel sad that she has n't found someone to share her life with as of yet , but i know that even with my life ending , hers is far from over . 
 i remember carrying her on my shoulders on the beach in san diego , her little legs dangling over my shoulders , her small hands grasping at my hair and my ears . 
 i remember teaching her to ride a bicycle and her accidentally crashing into the neighbor 's car . 
 i remember the day i swung her between my legs and dislocated her shoulder , prompting us to visit the e.r. i think about the row of trophies and ribbons that lined a wall of her room , and the incredible joy on her face the day she was accepted into medical school . 
 each memory is as sharp on my mind as if it had happened five minutes ago , and i am grateful . 
 my reminiscing is interrupted as bethany comes in to check on me . 
 she puts her hand on my forehead , kisses my cheek . 
 `` how are you feeling , sweetheart ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i ca n't tell her that i am numb and cold from the waist down . 
 in fact , i ca n't tell her anything . 
 the cancer has affected my ability to speak , and i can only smile in response . 
 i can see the sadness behind the smile that she shares with me . 
 `` dinner will be ready in about 30 minutes , ok ? '' 
 we both know that i wo n't be able to share the turkey , the corn , mashed potatoes and gravy , the sweet potato pie that she always cooks for me and no one else , the cranberries and the delicious pumpkin pie . 
 i will watch them eat and share in the fellowship of family , eating only in spirit . 
 i see bethany and i see the young girl i fell in love with so long ago , her quick smile , sharp wit and short skirt too much of a temptation for me in college . 
 i had barely finished my courses and graduated , so obsessed had i been with her . 
 we had dated quickly and recklessly , loving and fighting with the same passion , marrying as soon as our education , our parents and our pocketbooks would allow it . 
 our early marriage was as rocky as our courtship had been , with both of us called to work in order to pay bills . 
 then one child , and then a second were born . 
 i finally found a job that helped get us out of debt . 
 we moved from apartment , to rented house , to our first purchased fixer-upper , to a much larger , much nicer home . 
 things got better financially . 
 but i would never surrender those first years of sacrifice and sharing . 
 and through it all , she was there : my partner , my lover , my eternal best friend . 
 my life was like a fine wine that mellowed with age , but i would n't trade any bit of it for another year of life . 
 speaking of which , i feel the numbness of my lower body taking over the rest of my body . 
 my heartbeat is loud in my ears , slowing steadily . 
 i look through the doorway at the others , wishing to say goodbye , but knowing that perhaps my going will be easier if they are caught up in what they are doing . 
 there is no pain ; i feel like i am watching one of those medical shows on tv that liz made me suffer through . 
 and then a miraculous thing happens . 
 i am once again caught up in my memories : of mark , of elizabeth , of my darling bethany . 
 but instead of remembering each incident one at a time , i am reliving them simultaneously . 
 it does n't make sense , but then i never really understood einstein . 
 and i bet he was surprised when he came to his last breath as well . 
 for i have met my own personal singularity . 
 just as time slows and eventually stops as one nears a black hole , i am finding my own personal time slowing . 
 i am reliving my life -- all of it -- right now . 
 and as i close my eyes for the last time , i realize that my wonderful life is my own gift to myself . 
 einstein was right . 
 i wonder if he knows that . 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- * * * 8 . 
 what 's the frequency , kenneth ? 
 some stories are harder to write than others . 
 other stories just do n't seem to go away . 
 here 's my third entry in the brindlestar universe , revisiting mira and her attempts to rescue her brother . 
 bernie hoxstetler was bored with his life . 
 that 's not to say he was depressed , or angry , or suicidal . 
 after who knows how many years of the same old thing , he was just plain bored . 
 every morning he arose to find his breakfast ready for him at the door of his penthouse suite : oatmeal with raisins , two pieces of wheat toast with a pad of butter -lrb- not margarine -rrb- , a grapefruit and a cup of coffee . 
 it had been the same breakfast for as long as he could remember . 
 for some reason , the hotel did n't leave a menu and he was never early enough to catch the waiter who brought breakfast , and so he ended up with the same breakfast , day after day , week after week . 
 he ate his breakfast while sitting in bed watching the morning talk show on tv . 
 at least he used to . 
 when he was n't watching some of the cleaning staff had misplaced his remote , while switching the channel to the nature network . 
 now he had scenic panoramas of the beach and a beautiful rising sun , stories about exotic birds and not much more . 
 it was entertaining for a while , but lately it had been getting on his nerves . 
 he did appreciate the quality of the tv set here ; it was almost like being there . 
 sometimes he could almost smell the sea air , he thought . 
 this was one of those mornings . 
 he sat back and poured cream over his oatmeal while he watched the nature channel 's ode to a spring morning take place in front of him . 
 he knew the program well . 
 `` and three , two , one ... now ! '' 
 bernard said , waiting for the inevitable two doves to settle at the lower edge of the tv set . 
 he had already named them bert and ernie . 
 he knew that it was just a tv program , but once in a while he put a few crumbs from his toast on the sill beneath the tv , and he would swear that they picked at them . 
 but he knew that was just his imagination . 
 today his two friends were slow in coming . 
 he waited and waited for them , but they did n't appear . 
 instead he heard a human voice , just out of sight in the tv . 
 `` a little help here , please , '' the voice said . 
 frowning , bernie stared at the light from the tv . 
 he did n't move , and if he had had the remote , he would have switched the channel . 
 instead he heard the voice again . 
 `` hello in there , '' the voice said . 
 it sounded like the voice of a young girl . 
 `` hello , '' he said back to the tv . 
 `` can you help me ? '' 
 `` i ... i do n't know how i can help you , '' he said . 
 `` you 're on tv . '' 
 he placed his tray on the bed and stood up . 
 `` i do n't know what a tv is , '' the voice said . 
 `` can you come to the window please ? '' 
 `` what window ? '' 
 bernie asked . 
 `` do you see the sun coming up ? 
 walk toward it . '' 
 the only rising sun he could see was on the television set . 
 he slowly walked toward the bright light of the tv . 
 `` that 's it , '' the voice said . 
 `` a little closer . 
 closer . '' 
 soon bernie was standing in front of his tv set . 
 in amazement , he realized that the closer he got to the set , the more he could see in the image area . 
 standing in front of it , he now saw not only the rising sun and the ocean it had risen over , but now saw the shoreline , sandy beaches and a spit of land that curved around and formed a bay beneath him . 
 `` amazing , '' he whispered to himself . 
 `` this tv is 3-d , and i never even realized it . '' 
 `` hello , '' he heard the voice say again . 
 he turned to his left and saw a young girl about fifteen hanging from a rope . 
 she was suspended along a stone wall . 
 his eyes followed the rope up and over the stone wall high above his head . 
 `` amazing , '' he said again . 
 `` interactive tv . 
 what will they think of next ? '' 
 `` dr. hoxstetler ? 
 you are dr. hoxstetler ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he nodded , then shook his head . 
 `` if this is interactive tv , then you should see the name on my account . 
 actually , it 's probably in my wife 's name . 
 she takes care of all the bill paying , after all . '' 
 `` but you are dr. hoxstetler ? 
 you did work under the mountain ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` call me bernie . '' 
 `` fine , bernie . 
 my name is mira . 
 my friend leef is somewhere down there holding on to the other end of this rope . '' 
 `` it 's a fascinating story , '' bernie said . 
 `` a lot more entertaining than what 's been on this frequency before . 
 you say your friend 's name is kenneth ? '' 
 `` no , leef . 
 we 've come to rescue you . '' 
 `` rescue me ? 
 ha , that 's a laugh . 
 first of all , you 're stuck in there in that tv set . 
 how do you plan to climb out of there and rescue me . 
 second , i have never stiffed a hotel for a bill in my entire life . 
 i 'm not about to now . 
 and you can tell kenneth the same thing . '' 
 `` you 're not in a hotel , bernie . 
 you 're a prisoner of king zhukov and you are locked away in the tower of his castle . '' 
 bernie frowned at the latest news . 
 the idea that he was locked in the tower of a medieval castle made sense in that his room was decorated in dreary gray with stone walls , the bolt on the outside of his door , and that he had not seen another human in a very long time . 
 `` but how did i get here ? 
 where is my wife ? 
 who 's going to feed bert and ernie ? '' 
 mira shook her head . 
 `` listen , i do n't know about your wife , and i do n't know bert and ernie . 
 but i do know that it is getting light pretty fast here , and that sooner or later the guards will see me hanging here . 
 unless you find a way to pull me into your room there , their arrows will turn me into a pincushion . '' 
 bernie smiled at that . 
 `` or a porcupine . '' 
 `` what 's a porcupine ? '' 
 mira asked . 
 `` never mind . 
 can you find something to pull my rope over ? 
 or for me to grab ? '' 
 he looked around his small room but found nothing . 
 then he had an idea , and snapped his fingers . 
 `` i have it ! 
 i 'll soak my sheet with water and hang it out the window . 
 then when winter comes , it 'll freeze . 
 then i 'll hold it out like a pole and you can pull yourself over . '' 
 mira looked over at him and said nothing , but frowned . 
 when he did n't respond , she finally said , `` can you find something heavy to tie to the end of your sheet ? 
 then just throw it over . '' 
 bernie listened to her , then nodded . 
 `` even better . '' 
 he looked around and finally found his slippers . 
 he did n't believe that one was heavy enough for his purposes , and so he tied both slippers to the end of the sheet . 
 he walked back to the tv set -- which he was now realizing was actually an open window -- and began to swing the shoes in a big circle , first up , then down . 
 after the shoes had looped over his head three times , he let go of the sheet and it flew toward mira . 
 the young girl caught the slippers and the sheet . 
 `` now i will hold onto the end of the sheet and you pull me over , '' she said . 
 bernie listened and nodded . 
 he pulled and within a minute , mira was at the edge of his window , and he helped her inside . 
 `` whew ! '' 
 she said when she entered . 
 `` what is that smell ? '' 
 `` maid 's day off , '' bernie said . 
 `` listen to me , bernie , '' mira said . 
 `` i did n't come here just because i wanted to rescue you . 
 i came because i need you . 
 my brother was kidnapped , and has been taken to the city under the mountain . 
 leef has a ship and he has agreed to take us there . 
 but only you know how to get there and how to get in . '' 
 bernie listened and nodded . 
 mira waited for his response . 
 finally it came . 
 `` i like this story ! '' 
 bernie said . 
 `` this is exciting ! 
 it 's just like luke skywalker and hans solo . '' 
 `` i do n't know those people , '' mira said . 
 `` are they here in sparta ? '' 
 she shook her head , exasperated . 
 `` listen , bernie ... dr. hoxstetler . 
 will you help us ? '' 
 `` help me , obi-wan kenobi . 
 you 're my only hope , '' he responded , grinning . 
 `` sure , let 's go . '' 
 mira looped and tied one end of the sheet around herself , wrapped it around the rope , then looped and tied the other end around bernie . 
 finally , she jerked on the rope and it began to grow taut , the lower part of it pulling away from the tower wall . 
 bernie leaned out and saw leef , aka kenneth , far below them leading a massive auroch on a leash away from the castle . 
 their rope was attached to it . 
 `` no time to waste , '' mira said , sitting on the edge of the window . 
 `` let go ! '' 
 `` may the force be with us ! '' 
 shouted bernie as the two of them , wrapped in the sheet , slid down the rope to the ground . 
 `` that was awesome , '' bernie said . 
 `` can we do it again ? '' 
 he turned to the young man holding the leash of the auroch . 
 `` what 's the frequency , kenneth ? '' 
 `` is this him ? '' 
 leef asked mira , an annoyed look coming into his face . 
 `` it had better be , '' mira said . 
 `` between your stolen boat and his rescue , we are quickly becoming well-known criminals . '' 
 `` maybe we 'll show up on america 's most wanted , '' bernie said . 
 `` we 're going to be famous ! '' 
 `` bernie , '' mira said . 
 `` we are going to try to avoid that as much as possible . '' 
 the three of them left the auroch behind , and bernie and mira followed leef to his waiting ship . 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- * * * 9 . 
 pinocchio what would life as a zombie be like ? 
 would you still remember your former life ? 
 this story explores the zombie apocalypse from a unique perspective . 
 it was n't life . 
 i had given up on life a long time ago . 
 it was existence -- barely . 
 i took no notice of my gray , pallid , flaking skin , my putrefied face and hair , my black nails or the thick , black fluid that oozed from the sores that covered my thin body . 
 i was only dimly aware of the shops that i passed as i shuffled down the ash-filled city streets along with all of the other shapes that had once been human . 
 i was resigned to what i was , only dimly aware that once i had a choice . 
 i could have chosen what to wear each day , what to eat , even who to talk to . 
 now i only knew that those memories were far , far below my consciousness . 
 i was a spectre , a shape without consciousness . 
 i was a zombie . 
 and so it was that i hardly noticed when the big deuce and a half u.s. army truck drove up and the scientists in their yellow plastic hazmat suits jumped out . 
 a few took out rifles and began shooting the other shapes around me . 
 and i waited for the shot to come for me , a bullet to rip through my skull and brain and turn me into the pile of garbage that i knew i already was . 
 instead , a shape that looked somehow familiar stood in the back of the truck , scanning the street until the shape saw me . 
 i looked through the clear plastic faceplate and saw the soft eyes of a woman . 
 she stared at me for what seemed like a long time , until i began to shuffle toward her , my arms reaching out to somehow capture the life that she represented . 
 she pointed at me , and nodded to the others . 
 `` that one , '' she said simply . 
 in response , two men threw a heavy cargo net over me . 
 the weight of it dragged me to the ground and i collapsed . 
 i moaned and grunted , trying to push the net out of the way and stand up . 
 instead , a man stepped up and jabbed a needle into my shoulder . 
 they loaded the cargo net with me in it into the back of the big truck . 
 i drifted in and out of consciousness as they left the city streets and followed the road back into the mountains . 
 the truck bounced along the rough road , and i saw another truck carrying the scientists following behind . 
 i looked up at two big men in the hazmat suits on either side of me , preventing me from rising , and the woman sat right behind the cab of the truck . 
 she continued to stare at me as if i were someone she knew , and i stared right back at her , although in my state , my thoughts were more about food than about fellowship . 
 we entered a dark tunnel with a sign arching above the tunnel . 
 i could no longer read , so i had no idea what the sign said . 
 all i knew was that the trucks entered the tunnel and the darkness that came with it . 
 and then lights came on overhead . 
 i lay in the bottom of the trucks and stared at the fluorescent lights that ran by , each panel that we passed taking us from light to darkness and back to light . 
 finally i heard brakes squeal and the trucks stopped . 
 the woman jumped down from the back of the truck and i felt the springs lift as her weight disappeared . 
 i saw that i was in a large room made specifically for storing vehicles . 
 hands reached on either side of me , and before i knew what was happening , metal clamps locked around my upper arms , just below my armpits . 
 the netting lifted off of me , and i found myself free , with the exception of the metal clamps . 
 the two strong men who had watched over me up to this point held the end of inch thick metal rods attached to the clamps . 
 together they encouraged me to stand up and then half fall/half jump from the back of the truck . 
 even though i was drugged , i jerked and pulled against the clamps , hoping to pull free , even if it meant losing an arm in the process . 
 injuries meant nothing to me and others like me , for with the pale existence that we lived came painlessness . 
 i could tear my arm out of its socket and never feel anything . 
 several others i had been around had done that very thing . 
 there was some drippy oozing of the black fluid that replaced blood , but that did n't seem to stop or even slow down those who did it . 
 i stood facing the crowd of people that had gathered there , my back to the big green truck , strong men holding me in place with clamps . 
 as i stared at the crowd and gnashed my teeth , threatening them with the only weapon i still had available to me , i felt someone else come up behind me . 
 i could n't see them , but could smell them standing there . 
 frustrated , i tried to twist and turn to get at them , but felt a cold metal rod glide across my back , clicking into place between the two arm clamps . 
 the woman stared at the man i knew stood behind me . 
 `` is that absolutely necessary ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` it is if you want him to remain in one piece , '' i heard a deep voice behind me say . 
 `` these vermin will pull their arms out of their sockets as simple as pie . 
 this will protect him -- and us . '' 
 after the rod was added , the two man walked me through a set of double doors , down a hall , and into another room . 
 they clamped the rings around my arms to a large metal table that was standing on its end . 
 i felt my arms and legs clamp to the table , then other belts and clamps went around my chest and my hips . 
 all the while i watched the two men , waiting for one of them to get close enough for me to rip his throat out , or at least to sink my teeth into him and share my misery . 
 but both were careful and i never got the chance . 
 when i was locked down , they brought out shears and cut the rags that used to be clothing from my body . 
 i stood naked against the metal table , helpless yet defiant . 
 the woman i had seen in the truck came into the room , now changed out of her yellow hazmat suit into a white lab coat . 
 she was joined by a smaller man with glasses and a white lab coat as well . 
 for a long while they inspected my body . 
 finally they stood back and looked at me , talking . 
 `` no broken bones , only minor contusions , and that one nasty bump on the back of his head . 
 he 's in remarkably good shape , considering , '' said the man . 
 the woman smiled faintly . 
 `` he 's got good genes . '' 
 the man shook his head . 
 `` we 'll have to do some blood tests , cat scan and other lab work . 
 regardless , i think your plan is futile . 
 it will take a miracle to do what you want to do . '' 
 the woman stared at me for a long time . 
 `` i 've always believed in miracles , have n't you ? 
 after all , we are here , still alive , even though the rest of the world has gone into the toilet . 
 is n't that a miracle ? '' 
 the man took off his glasses and pretended to clean them . 
 `` yes , well , i guess you could call that a miracle . 
 but what you are asking ... . '' 
 `` what i am asking is only what i must ask . 
 nothing more , '' she said . 
 `` i am not just looking for a miracle . 
 i am looking for an answer . '' 
 `` we are all looking for an answer , '' he said . 
 `` then that should settle the matter , '' she said , turning and leaving the room . 
 what followed were several weeks of tests , more tests , and even more tests . 
 i was prodded , poked and stuck . 
 i had every manner of tissue and fluid removed from my body . 
 i had doctors and scientists stand in front of me , chatting with each other as if i was n't there . 
 because for all of them , i was only another lab rat . 
 there was no sense of desperation , hope of even optimism . 
 they were going through the motions ; that was all . 
 it was only the woman who dared to try to communicate with me . 
 every morning , she would come into the room where they had me shackled and would talk to me . 
 i did n't understand a lot of what she was saying , but i enjoyed the tone of her voice . 
 sometimes i would hear her use a name : johnny . 
 she would repeat it as if it was supposed to mean something to me . 
 and once in a while i would see tears gather in her eyes . 
 i did n't understand what they were , but somehow they moved me . 
 the woman was the only one who showed me kindness . 
 i swore than when i broke free , she would be the last one that i would kill . 
 one morning , several weeks into the tests , the two strong men appeared again . 
 they injected me with something that made me sleepy , and then they unlocked me from the table . 
 they walked me into the next room , and then walked me up a set of stairs and into a large glass tank . 
 i had no idea what it was for , and decided to not fight them . 
 the clamps fit into place on either side on the inside of the tank . 
 when i was bolted into place , i suddenly felt strong hands grip the sides of my face and a mask slipped over my face . 
 that was when i started to panic . 
 the mask had taken away the only weapon i had ; my teeth . 
 while i struggled in place , the tank began filling with a bright green fluid . 
 i continued to fight as it rose to my knees , my waist , and then over my face . 
 soon i was covered by the fluid with only the mask to allow me to breathe . 
 i remained in the tank for several days . 
 again , only the man with glasses and the woman came to visit me , and then only the woman talked to me . 
 there was an intercom system on the outside of the tank , and surprisingly i could hear her as she continued to call to me , `` johnny . 
 johnny . 
 johnny . '' 
 it was the third day in the tank before i realized that i was johnny . 
 what had been my existence began to change into more of a nightmare . 
 i began to remember that i had a life before my time on the street , before my skin had turned gray and my mind had gone blank . 
 and i began to try to communicate with the woman . 
 she could n't hear my voice behind the mask and beneath all of the green slime . 
 but somehow she recognized that my struggles had turned from a being who only wanted to destroy into someone who could be reasoned with . 
 a day later , they drained the tank and attached wires to me and tubes to my left and right arm . 
 as i hung there suspended , i watched black fluid pump out of one arm and red fluid -- blood -- pump into the other . 
 my skin began to change color . 
 i watched the scientists come and gather , staring at me through the glass as if they were truly watching a miracle . 
 and then the disaster came . 
 i was becoming more and more human , until one day i felt a searing pain run through my chest and down my left arm . 
 i cried out and the man with the glasses came running . 
 he looked at the monitor that was hooked to me and began to frown . 
 `` it 's not going to work , '' he said over his shoulder as the woman stepped up behind him . 
 `` but we 're so close ! '' 
 the woman said . 
 `` we were never close , '' he said . 
 `` you 're not being reasonable . '' 
 `` reasonable ? '' 
 she echoed . 
 `` we 're close . 
 this could be the breakthrough we are looking for . 
 just tell me what we need for him . 
 tell me . '' 
 the man took his glasses off and cleaned them , his eyes never leaving me . 
 he spoke so that i could n't hear his words , spoke low so that only the woman could hear . 
 her face turned white . 
 and then she nodded . 
 yes . 
 he turned a dial and suddenly i was asleep . 
 i woke up in a bed . 
 i had photos of the countryside on the wall across from me . 
 it was n't the countryside that existed now , a land of the undead . 
 it was a countryside filled with green grass and cows and sheep and fluffy clouds . 
 it was from somewhere in my memory , somewhere in the distant past -- or the distant future . 
 i looked down at my pale , thin arm lying atop the sheet and realized it was the arm of a man , not a zombie . 
 i looked over at the other one , then felt my own face . 
 there was no loose , dry skin . 
 it was firm and young . 
 as far as i could tell , i was a healthy young man . 
 as my eyes gathered focus , the man with the glasses came in . 
 `` ah , you 're awake , '' he said , more to himself than to me . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` i feel -- , '' i started to say , and the voice came out hoarse . 
 i hesitated . 
 he waved at me as if dismissing the problem . 
 `` oh , that 's just a combination of the anesthetic and the fact that you have n't spoken human words in over a year . 
 so , what 's it like to come back from the dead ? '' 
 i stared at him , not knowing how to respond . 
 he chuckled to himself . 
 `` well , there will be plenty of time to answer rhetorical questions like that in days to come . 
 you know you are a miracle , do n't you ? 
 the first success story of many -- we hope . '' 
 `` the woman -- , '' i whispered . 
 `` do you remember your name ? '' 
 he asked , not bothering to respond to my question . 
 `` johnny . 
 the woman said my name was johnny . '' 
 `` yes . 
 john blackthorne to be exact . 
 do you remember your life before ? 
 oh , never mind , the memories will come soon enough . '' 
 `` where is the woman ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 the man with the glasses paused and blushed , as if caught doing something distasteful . 
 `` well you see , john . 
 the tests and the procedure we did on you was almost a total success . 
 almost . 
 what we did n't count on was the fact that you had a congenital heart condition . 
 if you had had a healthy heart , it would n't have been a problem . 
 and we have high hopes for the others who follow . '' 
 he reached down and pulled back my sheets and i saw that a fresh scar ran from between my two collarbones straight down my breastbone almost to my navel . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i said , staring at the scar . 
 `` your heart gave up from the stress of the procedure , '' he said . 
 `` we needed a replacement for you to live . 
 with the population as low as it is , it was impossible for us to cross match and find some stranger who fit your profile . 
 the next best thing was to find a close relative . '' 
 `` close relative ? '' 
 i repeated . 
 `` in this case , your mother , '' he said , not daring to look up at me . 
 instead , he reached beneath the bed and pulled out a framed photo . 
 in it was a likeness of the woman who had talked to me as i spent my time in the tank . 
 `` dr. marta blackthorne . 
 she gave you life -- twice . 
 and she will be known from this day forth as the woman who saved countless souls from a unthinkable destiny . '' 
 i stared at the photo and then at the man in the glasses . 
 and then a wail broke free from my lips . 
 it was the cry of a lost child who had been found , only to lose the one most precious to him . 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- * * * 10 . 
 echo of a smile sometimes what keeps society moving forward smoothly is just the fact that we do n't share everything that goes through our minds . 
 if we did , people we admire and respect might not stay that way in our minds . 
 on the other hand , who knows what might happen . 
 people assume when you are a professional that you have things figured out . 
 i know that 's the way i think . 
 i look at men in their fancy bmws , women in their business attire and think , they have it all together . 
 and generally , that 's how our society has been able to function . 
 you see a judge up front , he passes sentence , and you assume that he has thought it all out reasonably and come to a fair conclusion . 
 and that 's because we think that he has all of his marbles in his head . 
 our nightmares are made from the belief that beneath that polished , professional exterior might lurk a serial killer or a rapist or the next lee harvey oswald . 
 we live in peace because we rely on those in positions of trust to be who they appear to be . 
 i guess that 's where i come in . 
 i am a professional , a professor to be exact . 
 i stand in front of scores , if not hundreds , of students every day . 
 i talk about subjects and tell them what i think they need to know in order to succeed in the world , once they pass my class . 
 there 's a modicum of trust that comes with having a phd after your name , gaining tenure , and being called `` professor '' or `` doctor . '' 
 it 's easy to get used to that trust , and even take it for granted . 
 after a while , you start thinking that what you have to say is actually important , earth-shaking even . 
 and that 's when the danger comes . 
 i know better . 
 more than anything , i am just a man . 
 but by being one , i have betrayed that trust . 
 i could say it started with fall semester and a class that i teach to mainly freshmen called intro to modern mythology . 
 even though i choose to begin there , i really know that it started long before that . 
 but for argument 's sake , let 's start there . 
 intro to modern mythology is taught in heffner hall , room 101 . 
 the lecture hall seats 250 students , and i usually get close to that number . 
 it 's hard to keep track of that many students , especially freshmen , many of who wo n't be around in another year . 
 but i do my best , even though many of those names slip through the cracks in my brain . 
 i 've taught the class many times , and since there 's no point in taking record of over 200 students in a class , when the clock got to 9:30 , i left the small desk off to the side and stepped up to the podium . 
 `` welcome to humanities 102 , intro to modern mythology . 
 my name is professor martin steinbrenner . 
 i hope you all took advantage of the opportunity to pick up a syllabus on the table by the door . 
 if you did n't , please do so now . '' 
 i watched as the inevitable large number of students got up from their seats and went back to get a syllabus . 
 as i paused for them to get what they needed , i saw her . 
 she was obviously a freshman ; she could n't have been more than 17 or 18 . 
 she was dressed in shorts and a pink blouse . 
 she was medium height , slight of build with dark brown hair that fell gently over her shoulders . 
 in any other time or with any other professor , she would have been just another number . 
 but the moment i saw her stand up in the fifth row and walk back to get a syllabus , i knew that she was different . 
 time stood still , and the rest of the room disappeared as i watched her walk back up the aisle to the small table , reach for the stack of syllabi , take one and spin on the front of her sandals to return to her seat . 
 i felt my heart catch in my throat , and felt it pounding loudly . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 i thought . 
 this is wrong , this is bad news . 
 look somewhere else . 
 do something , stupid . 
 but instead of looking away , i continued to stare at her . 
 i watched as if in slow motion , she walked the several steps down the aisle toward me . 
 and then she looked up . 
 and i realized what it was about her that made her special . 
 somehow , i was able to break away from staring at this young woman , who in another life could have been my daughter . 
 i fumbled my way through what should have been a basic introduction to the new course for these frightened new college students . 
 but all of the time i was lecturing , i was thinking about this girl in the fifth row that made my heart pound in my chest when i saw her . 
 after class , i made a point of collecting my papers and throwing them into my satchel for my escape back to my office , at the same time chastising myself for acting like such a fool . 
 i was a disgrace to my department , to my school , no to teaching itself . 
 my thoughts alone should be cause for my dismissal . 
 on the other hand , i had n't acted on those thoughts ... i had just snapped my leather satchel shut and turned to go when i heard a soft voice . 
 my heart sank and raced at the same time . 
 `` dr. steinbrenner , '' i heard the voice say , and i turned to see the mystery girl standing in front of me . 
 just as i had dreaded , she had large grey eyes with long thick eyelashes . 
 she stood staring at me , and i knew i had to respond . 
 `` yes , '' i said abruptly . 
 `` how can i help you ? '' 
 `` my name is marta hartwin , '' she said . 
 `` my mother told me to look you up . '' 
 and then it all came together . 
 `` yes , '' i said dumbly . 
 `` how is your mother ? '' 
 she smiled , and it echoed another person that i had known years before . 
 `` she 's fine . 
 she says to say hi . '' 
 `` wow , how is elizabeth ? '' 
 i said , realizing an instant later that i was repeating myself . 
 surprised , marta smiled again . 
 `` she 's fine , professor . 
 she teaches fourth grade . '' 
 `` fourth grade , '' i echoed . 
 `` i used to be in the fourth grade . 
 of course , that was a long time ago . '' 
 marta did n't answer this time , but bit her lower lip , apparently a bit embarrassed . 
 and even that little action made my blood roar in my ears . 
 elizabeth was the one that got away , many years ago . 
 somehow , it had n't been the right time , even though there was obvious passion for both of us . 
 time had changed many things , but for some reason , it had n't changed this . 
 we stood there awkwardly looking at each other for a long moment , each afraid to break the silence . 
 finally , i did . 
 `` well , i hope you enjoy the class . '' 
 she smiled slightly , obviously as embarrassed for me as i was for myself . 
 `` i 'm sure i will . 
 thank you very much . '' 
 i tried hard to not think about marta in the next two days , but secretly i looked forward to my class meeting again on wednesday . 
 but when class period started , there was an empty seat in the fifth row . 
 i was both disappointed and relieved . 
 i jumped right into my lecture comparing greek and roman mythology . 
 when the class period ended , i was surprised , however , to be once again face to face with the girl who caused my heart to race . 
 she handed me a white slip of paper . 
 it was a drop slip . 
 `` i see , '' i muttered more to myself than to her , and pulled out a pen to sign it . 
 she looked around us as the others filed out . 
 as i signed the paper , she spoke again . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , '' she said . 
 `` it 's not that i do n't appreciate you as a teacher or the class . 
 it 's me . '' 
 `` it 's you ? 
 how ? '' 
 i asked , then wondered if i should have asked . 
 `` mom always talked about this boy that she fell in love with in college , and i wanted to meet you . 
 you are just as handsome as she said . '' 
 once again my heart raced , and i had a hard time believing my ears . 
 `` but ... but ... i just think it would be best for both of us if i did n't take your class . '' 
 i stared at her , realizing that she had enough wisdom for both of us , and the courage that i had lacked . 
 i nodded mutely . 
 `` see you around , professor , '' she said , smiling over her shoulder . 
 i waved goodbye to her back as she walked up the aisle and out the door . 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- * * * 11 . 
 yo me rindo i have been toying on and off with the story of a young boy and girl who grow up together in the 1920s and 30s : he from the family of a poor sharecropper , she a banker 's daughter . 
 on the outside , they have nothing in common , and yet destiny seems to sometimes bring unlikely people together . 
 this is part of that story . 
 the church called santa maria de la roseta had a long and illustrious history before that day , henry hudson was sure of that . 
 there were indications among the rubble that it must have been there for several hundred years . 
 in fact , henry saw one plaque on a broken pillar with the roman numerals for 1711 . 
 yes , it must have been a very beautiful and memorable church in its day . 
 but today its purpose was a lot more pragmatic and important to henry . 
 its thick stone walls -- those that were still standing -- gave him protection from the mortar shells and sharpshooter bullets that had threatened his life for the past week . 
 it was n't a large church , but it afforded enough space for each of the 22 wounded republican soldiers to lie on the ground , relatively protected from the dust and shrapnel that surrounded their hilltop . 
 henry looked up at the clear blue morning sky through the open ceiling and frowned . 
 it was going to be another hot day , but at least it would n't rain like it had done yesterday . 
 he wished there was more he could do for the wounded , but without proper medicine and food , well , at least he was giving them water from the nearby well . 
 `` horse , '' antonio said from the nearby wall . 
 he sat at the window , looking out at the devastated orchard , watching for snipers and waiting for the inevitable attack . 
 `` caballo , '' henry said quietly in response . 
 `` el caballo , '' antonio said , correcting him . 
 `` always include the article , because unlike english we have a male and female article for our nouns . 
 and you need to know which one it is . '' 
 henry looked up . 
 `` so if it 's a mare , is it la caballo ? '' 
 julio laughed loud , above them on the rafter . 
 `` amigo , how long have you been here in españa ? '' 
 `` six months , '' henry said , checking a wound on an officer lying to the side . 
 `` i think the colonel 's wound is opened up again . '' 
 `` we are out of bandages , '' julio said . 
 `` use your undershirt . '' 
 julio watched as henry dutifully took off his shirt and then the dirty inner shirt , tearing it into strips . 
 `` how it is that you have been here so long and still do not know to speak spanish ? '' 
 henry shrugged , separating the new bandages into a pile and taking one for the colonel . 
 `` i 've been busy . '' 
 `` but six months , muerte . 
 it would seem that you would pick up at least something during that time . '' 
 `` leave him alone , '' antonio said to julio . 
 `` we are doing our best . '' 
 `` hey henry , '' julio said . 
 `` i will give you a sentence to memorize . 
 it will maybe save your life . 
 repeat after me . 
 yo me rindo . '' 
 `` yo me rindo , '' henry repeated , putting his outer shirt back on . 
 a bullet zipped overhead , and julio ducked instinctively . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 henry asked . 
 julio burst into laughter again , and antonio shook his head , smiling . 
 `` it means , ` i surrender . '' ' 
 henry stood and looked at the two . 
 `` yo me rindo , '' he said again . 
 julio laughed again , then stopped suddenly . 
 `` i do not think you will get an opportunity to use it . 
 the fascista do not take prisoners . '' 
 julio and antonio exchanged a grim look , then antonio nodded in agreement at henry . 
 `` that is true , my friend . 
 i know that you do n't believe in guns , but it may be the time to reconsider their use . '' 
 `` that 's all right , '' henry said . 
 `` i 'll take my chances with tending the wounded . '' 
 as he stood there , he reached into his pocket and pulled out a photo of the girl he left behind . 
 he looked at it longingly for a long moment . 
 `` you should never have left rose , '' antonio said . 
 `` even if it was for a good reason . '' 
 `` rose ? '' 
 henry said . 
 `` she 's just a childhood friend . '' 
 antonio chuckled . 
 `` you may say that , but i know better . '' 
 he looked outside , as if wishing he were somewhere else . 
 `` all right , henry , '' antonio said . 
 `` translate this for me : take me to the hospital . '' 
 henry thought for a minute . 
 `` llévame al hospital . '' 
 `` bueno , '' antonio said , and julio clapped his hands . 
 in response , they heard a roar and everyone ducked their heads as a mortar round exploded just outside the walls . 
 the dust was still falling as two more men ran into the building . 
 both of them carried something in their arms , with their rifles slung over their shoulders . 
 the lead man fell to his knees beside the nearest wounded soldier and deposited a double-handful of green apples onto the ground . 
 the others took immediate interest . 
 `` those are green , '' antonio said . 
 `` they will give you a stomach ache . '' 
 `` i do n't care , '' julio said , dropping from the rafter and grabbing two of them . 
 `` i am hungry . 
 thank you , pablo . 
 andrés . '' 
 `` i sent the two of you out there to scout , and you come back with green apples ? '' 
 antonio said , staring hard at the two young men who had just arrived . 
 pablo stood up and turned toward antonio . 
 `` we did scout . 
 they are still out there . 
 perhaps a hundred soldiers , two armored cars , and a tank . '' 
 `` a tank ? '' 
 julio said . 
 `` how can we fight against a tank ? '' 
 `` well , it is a very small tank , '' pablo said . 
 `` it looked big to me , '' andrés said . 
 `` in any case we need to leave , '' julio said . 
 `` we ca n't leave , '' henry said , standing up . 
 `` we have wounded . '' 
 `` who asked the american ? '' 
 pablo said . 
 `` i know i did n't . '' 
 antonio nodded . 
 `` henry is right . 
 if we leave , these wounded are as good as dead . 
 our orders are to stay here and protect them until the brigade returns with transportation . '' 
 `` our brigade ? '' 
 julio said . 
 `` you say that as if they were just over the hill . 
 they have been gone a week , and we are still here . '' 
 antonio 's lips grew thin . 
 `` we stay and fight if we must . 
 those are our orders . '' 
 julio and the others grumbled , but as henry watched , they went back to their places on the wall . 
 a few minutes later , julio spoke up . 
 `` i see movement out there , '' he said . 
 `` it looks like we have company coming . '' 
 `` ready , brothers , '' antonio said . 
 `` henry , bring the ammunition as needed . 
 remember that this is for our families , our homes and our country . '' 
 henry stood , feeling helpless as the others climbed into positions to shoot . 
 a moment later , guns began going off . 
 in response , he heard machine guns and mortars booming outside . 
 as he watched , he saw julio fall from his place on the second floor , a bullet through his head . 
 a minute later , andrés fell as well , machine gun bullets ripping across his body . 
 `` more ammunition ! '' 
 pablo shouted from the window where he stood . 
 henry picked up the box of bullets and brought them to pablo at the window . 
 pablo reached for the loose bullets for his bolt-action rifle , but as henry watched , an explosion just outside the window threw shrapnel in his face , killing him instantly and splashing blood in henry 's face . 
 he stood staring for a long moment , shocked , then saw the black line of soldiers outside rapidly approaching the church . 
 `` henry ! '' 
 he heard behind him , and turned to see his old friend , antonio at the far window . 
 he ran over with the ammunition box , and started to pick up the rifle that julio had dropped . 
 antonio shook his head . 
 `` this is not your fight , my brother , '' antonio said , his voice sad . 
 `` i am sorry i brought you into this . '' 
 he reached out and took henry 's hand . 
 `` we are long way from the university . '' 
 henry nodded . 
 `` i made the decision to come . '' 
 `` go back home , '' antonio said . 
 `` go back to rose . '' 
 `` i will ... if i can , '' he said . 
 he looked out the window at the mass of soldiers , the trucks and the dark shadow of a tank in the distance . 
 `` what about them ? '' 
 he said , gesturing at the wounded . 
 `` perhaps , '' antonio started . 
 `` perhaps the fascista are more merciful than we have heard . '' 
 they stared at each other , bullets flying over their heads , mortars exploding outside . 
 then henry nodded . 
 he ran to the pile of white rags he had made from his undershirt . 
 he took the gun that he had considered using against the enemy and tied a white flag onto its barrel . 
 then he slowly walked back to the window where antonio stood , and gave antonio the gun . 
 `` yo me rindo ! '' 
 henry shouted as antonio held the white flag outside the window . 
 `` yo me rindo ! '' 
 the little church of santa maria de la roseta had seen many memorable events over the past two centuries . 
 it had seen its share of weddings , babies and funerals . 
 but the broken walls and shattered ruins paid no mind to the soldiers on that hilltop , some to bask in victory , some to be bayoneted where they lay , one to be delivered to prison ... and one who was sent home . 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- * * * 12 . 
 the last supper what if you had a chance to live forever ? 
 what if that choice would affect other people 's lives ? 
 what if you had to choose between your own good and the good of all mankind ? 
 dining on the 102nd floor of one world trade center might have been excuse enough for rachel katrachian . 
 or it might have been the fact that the event afforded the opportunity to eat food prepared by world-famous chef montrose , who up to this point had never come to the united states . 
 or it maybe it was the opportunity to rub shoulders with the elite of industry and government , with her being the only reporter present . 
 but the reality was that rachel had accepted the cryptic invitation to attend this impromptu gathering of the hoi polloi because the invitation came from hanson greer , the richest man in the world . 
 greer never gave dinner parties , at least that she knew . 
 he did n't because he did n't have any friends . 
 you did n't start from next to nothing and end up with a net worth that many small and a few medium-sized countries would envy by making friends . 
 rachel looked around her and the more she looked , the more questions came into her head . 
 she had gasped when she first arrived and saw the once-in-a-lifetime view of the new york skyline -- she swore she could see the curvature of the earth ! 
 -- but now she was gasping at the people who sat at the table around her . 
 directly across from her sat mirian hall , chairwoman of first love , the largest humanitarian organization in the world . 
 right now the rotund , middle-aged woman was talking to the elderly man next to her , robert l. steenway , ceo of kagame industries , the new world leader in electronics . 
 across from those two and next to rachel sat dr. martin freedbaum , the surgeon general of the united states , and on the other side of him was howard k. pauls , the director of the fbi . 
 on and on she went down the table , a veritable who 's who of movers and shakers . 
 rachel counted 12 of them -- was there any significance in the number ? 
 -- minus the empty chair at the front where hanson greer should be sitting . 
 the person sitting directly across from greer 's empty chair was the greatest mystery for rachel . 
 in her 12 years at the new york times , she had never heard one kind word passed between greer and baldwin black , the middle-aged ceo and founder of agate lion , inc. , greer 's biggest competitor . 
 in fact , the two of them had almost come to blows six years ago following an antitrust suit filed by black , one that had finally been settled out of court . 
 her iphone buzzed a text . 
 despite her surroundings , she chanced a glance at it : washington post claims watson is dead . 
 she flinched , knowing the text from her city editor was there to rub in the fact that she was n't ready to run her story on the disappearance of hamilton watson , the environmentalist who had disappeared six months ago . 
 he had been scheduled to speak on national tv , supposedly to make some major announcement , and then had disappeared . 
 everyone suspected foul play , and the post was ready to shout murder , but rachel was n't convinced . 
 `` i 'm sorry , madam , '' a voice said over her shoulder . 
 she turned and a white-gloved hand reached down and took her iphone . 
 `` mr. greer 's instructions were quite explicit . 
 no electronic devices of any kind . '' 
 that drew a look from more than one of the people around her , and rachel nodded meekly and handed him her iphone . 
 she looked up as she heard applause and a few laugh and say , at last . 
 a handsome young man who looked vaguely familiar was wheeling hanson greer 's wheelchair in through large double doors in the rear of the room . 
 greer took his place at the center of the table , where rachel noticed the empty chair had been removed . 
 `` i 'm so sorry i am late , '' rachel heard greer say in his shaky voice . 
 rachel knew that greer was 79 years old , but to her greer looked like he had aged a great deal since the antitrust trial six years before . 
 she glanced back at black , who applauded modestly with the rest of those at the table , but she noticed that he was n't smiling . 
 `` i hope you have been enjoying the meal here , '' greer continued . 
 `` is n't montrose wonderful ? 
 i wish i could have enjoyed the meal , but unfortunately i am on a very strict diet , as you can see . '' 
 he gestured to a bag of liquid that was mounted on a pole next to him , and smiled faintly . 
 then he turned to the young man standing behind his wheelchair . 
 `` my apologies , i do intend to introduce this young man here , but before i do , i have one more thing i want to share with you . '' 
 he snapped fingers and waiters appeared from behind each chair , each removing the empty dinner plates and replacing them with a tall champagne glass , filled with a golden fluid . 
 rachel watched as the surgeon general lifted the glass and sloshed the fluid around in the glass . 
 it had a thicker viscosity than wine or champagne , and it sparkled with an unnatural brilliance , flecks of lights swirling through the glass . 
 `` now that everyone is taken care of , and before you enjoy my treat , i want to introduce you to my young guest . 
 ladies , gentlemen , this is dr. hamilton watson . '' 
 the room went silent , as if everyone was unsure what they were hearing . 
 as soon as greer said it , rachel realized why the young man looked so familiar . 
 she had been doing research for the past two weeks on watson , and had seen many photos of him in college and during his early career . 
 the hair was shorter , the man did n't wear glasses , but this , indeed , was watson . 
 the fbi director laughed finally . 
 `` come on now . 
 is this some sort of joke ? '' 
 watson smiled and shrugged . 
 `` no joke , mr. pauls . 
 i know that i do n't look like the 55-year-old man you are used to seeing , but it is indeed me , hamilton watson . '' 
 `` look , '' greer said , motioning for a waiter to bring an electronic tablet . 
 `` this tablet is equipped with software that can take watson 's fingerprint , and log you into the fbi database . 
 feel free to check with it . 
 do whatever you need to . '' 
 as pauls used the tablet to register watson 's fingerprint and send it to the database , greer continued speaking to the rest of the group . 
 `` i invited you tonight because i need your help . 
 our research in nanotechnology has had a significant breakthrough , a milestone that ca n't be held in the hands of just one man . 
 i need you to help me to decide what to do with it . '' 
 `` what kind of breakthrough ? '' 
 the surgeon general asked . 
 `` in front of each of you is water from the fountain of youth , '' greer said . 
 `` the elixir of life . 
 i call it ... the chalice . '' 
 `` what are we talking about ? '' 
 black said on the other end of the table . 
 `` what we are talking about is a way to extend life exponentially , '' said watson . 
 `` i know in the past that i have been publically opposed to nanotechnology and the specter of letting microscopic machines into our bodies , but look at me . '' 
 he smiled broadly and opened up his suitcoat to show his flat stomach and broad chest . 
 `` i have never felt better in my life . '' 
 pauls nodded , still looking at the tablet . 
 `` he checks out . 
 do n't know how , but this is watson . '' 
 greer spoke up . 
 `` we have been working on nanotechnology for more than 10 years , as you know , baldwin , '' he said , nodding to baldwin black . 
 `` we had a significant breakthrough a year ago , and were ready to do beta testing six months ago . 
 we approached dr. watson because he has been one of our leading critics . 
 how better to prove the critics wrong than to allow our leading critic to benefit . '' 
 rachel stared at the young hamilton watson . 
 `` you said extend life exponentially . 
 how long is that ? '' 
 `` we really do n't know , '' said watson . 
 `` all the projections show at least quadrupling the average life span , to about 300 years . '' 
 `` three hundred ... , '' said the surgeon general . 
 `` but that 's the first step , '' greer said . 
 `` who knows that we will be able to do in ten , fifty or a hundred years . 
 think of it : long life , and living it at a peak of health . '' 
 the group stared at each other , still confused . 
 finally rachel spoke up again . 
 `` pardon me , mr. greer , but if this technology is everything you say it is , then why have n't you taken advantage of it ? 
 why are you still in a wheelchair ? '' 
 greer smiled . 
 `` ah , the cynic speaks . 
 well , that 's fine . 
 i have my own personal reasons behind the decision not to continue on in this life . 
 i have done a great deal and am ready to explore the great beyond . 
 what matters to me now is what my legacy will be . '' 
 `` i 'd like to see the data on this , '' black said . 
 `` that is , if you are serious about sharing this . '' 
 `` serious , yes . 
 and you 'll see the data . 
 i have made enough money in my lifetime to take care of all of you for a long time to come . 
 in fact , that 's part of the deal . '' 
 `` deal ? 
 what deal ? '' 
 `` it 's a one-time only deal , '' said watson . 
 `` the technology calls for three potions . 
 one today , '' he gestured at the golden glass in front of each of them . 
 `` one a week from now , and the third and final six months from now . '' 
 `` it took quite a bit of manpower to manufacture the nanites that you see in front of you , '' greer said . 
 `` we have enough for each of you to complete the treatment . 
 and our goal is to produce much more of this in days to come . 
 but you can imagine what would happen if word of this got out prematurely . 
 `` therefore we have our own sort of non-disclosure agreement , '' he continued . 
 `` if you choose to join us , you will remove yourself from public life . 
 you will come to work for us . 
 and in some cases , we will ask you to separate yourselves from friends and family . 
 you can imagine what they will think if suddenly you start getting healthier and looking younger . 
 `` think of it . 
 the end to disease , sickness , plague , even death , '' said greer . 
 `` but we need to be patient . '' 
 rachel nodded , thinking of what a story it would make for the times , and at the same time how many millions would kill to have a chance at virtual immortality . 
 and then she looked at greer , who was trying to sell a panacea that he himself refused to take . 
 she frowned , thinking . 
 `` has anyone considered what the long-term implications are for the planet ? '' 
 rachel blurted out , suddenly . 
 `` i mean in all of this wonderful news , this chance for each of us to live 300 years , what will it do to the world ? 
 the population could n't handle it . '' 
 watson nodded , suddenly serious . 
 `` that 's the main reason why mr. greer brought me into the project . 
 i have run computer projections and they do n't look good . 
 if everyone alive today were to add the nanites , we would have a total environmental collapse in three generations . 
 we 're talking plague , starvation , rioting ; the whole ball of wax . '' 
 greer looked at the young man , then at the rest of them . 
 `` as much as i respect and admire the work you all do at present , i have called you here tonight because i have a bigger task for you . 
 i need you to help me decide what to do . '' 
 once again , the 13 of them sat around the table , with hamilton watson standing by , waiting for an answer . 
 baldwin black spoke up finally . 
 `` well it appears that our choices are : -lrb- a -rrb- we keep the chalice to ourselves , or at least to a select few . 
 in that case , word will eventually get out and we will all be massacred . 
 -lrb- b -rrb- , we give everyone the chalice , and somehow keep them from having babies -- maybe mandatory birth control . 
 or -lrb- c -rrb- , we find a way to reduce the number of people in the world without destroying the earth in the process , perhaps some sort of selective plague . '' 
 everyone turned and stared at black as his last few words escaped his lips . 
 greer spoke . 
 `` thank you , baldwin , '' greer said . 
 `` i knew i could count on you to be pragmatic at a time like this . '' 
 `` or d , '' rachel blurted out . 
 `` what about d ? 
 we do n't use the technology at all . '' 
 the others stared at her , and greer cleared his throat . 
 `` that is always an option , miss katrachian . '' 
 he turned to everyone else , and struggled to stand , finally rising with the help of watson . 
 he stood before them with his arms outstretched , as if giving a blessing to the 12 of them . 
 `` this is the decision before us . 
 i ask that you join us in this venture , not because i want to reward you with something special , but because i need your wisdom to make the right choices . 
 my days are numbered , but yours are just starting . 
 i ask that you signal your willingness to accept the challenge by drinking the chalice before you . '' 
 as rachel watched , each of them picked up the cup before them and drank , one by one , starting with baldwin black . 
 finally , only rachel sat with a full cup before her . 
 she looked at the others , one by one . 
 `` frankly , i am surprised that the rest of you were able to make the decision so easily , '' she said . 
 `` what 's to decide ? '' 
 watson said . 
 `` we are talking about immortal life here . '' 
 `` not immortal life , '' greer said . 
 `` do n't call it that . '' 
 `` when i get done with it , dear hanson , it will be immortal life , '' baldwin black said . 
 wheels turned in rachel 's head as she looked around the room and then at the cup before her . 
 finally she made her decision . 
 `` look , '' she said . 
 `` drinking this cup has made all of you lose your objectivity . 
 do n't you have need for someone to remain objective on your team ? 
 i 'm willing to join , but only on my terms . '' 
 greer 's eyebrows raised . 
 `` you are passing up the gift i have for you , and yet taking on the responsibility ? 
 miss katrachian , i have underestimated you . '' 
 rachel nodded , mutely , looking around the table at the people who had given up everything to gain a chance at immortal life . 
 and she wondered if she was the smartest person in the room . 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- * * * 13 . 
 yesterday and tomorrow if you could talk to an ancestor and learn more about your family , would you ? 
 what 's more , if you could talk to a great-great-grandchild , somewhere in the future , what would you want to know about your own future ? 
 finally , what would these conversations do to cement the relationship with those who came before ... and after ? 
 one can never really anticipate when the turning point of our life will be . 
 in retrospect , it 's relatively easy to look back and see that our life changed for better -- or worse -- when we met a significant other , when we got a job , when a child was born , or maybe when we made a major decision in our lives . 
 mine happened when my grandfather died . 
 i had n't really known my grandfather . 
 my father and grandfather had n't been on speaking terms and i probably could count on one hand the number of times i had seen him or talked with him on the phone . 
 even after my dad died of cancer when i was a teenager , the alienation between my dad and his dad was continued by my mother perhaps out of respect for her dead husband , or maybe just because of force of habit . 
 so i was pretty surprised when i got a phone call from a lawyer 's office that my grandfather had died and left me something in his will . 
 apparently he did n't have much . 
 taxes had eaten up his rickety old house and property , and he lived for the last few years strictly by claiming social security . 
 but even though we did n't really know each other , apparently blood was thicker than water . 
 i visited the lawyer 's office , and left with an envelope from gramps and a full-length antique mirror . 
 i waited until later that evening when i got back to my studio apartment to open the envelope . 
 as for the mirror , i suspected that it was very old , and i had already made up my mind to sell it on ebay and get what i could for it . 
 my dreams of making a living as a web designer had been merely that , and i needed all the financial help i could get . 
 maybe gramps had somehow anticipated that , and even though he did n't have any cash , he had found a way to help me out in my present needs . 
 i lugged the mirror up three flights of stairs and stood it up in my apartment in the corner behind the front door and just to the left of the water-stained , flowered pull-out couch that also served as my bed . 
 then , without turning on the lights , i walked over to the window overlooking the street , sat down on a rickety wooden chair and tore open the envelope . 
 my eyebrows went up when i saw the letter inside . 
 as soon as i saw it , i thought of leonardo da vinci . 
 because da vinci was the creator of mirror writing -- the art of writing documents backwards -- and my grandfather had copied that technique . 
 if i took my time , i knew that i could read the letter on my own , but it seemed odd to receive such a letter and a mirror , and then not use them together . 
 and so i decided to turn the light on , something that i rarely did for budgetary reasons . 
 the bare 75-watt bulb above my head put a harsh light into the room and odd shadows everywhere , but at least i could see better . 
 i had received the mirror covered by an old canvas cover , which i kept on it , feeling that it would be more likely to stay ebay friendly if i did n't scar it up . 
 now i pulled that cover from the top , and let the canvas drop to the floor . 
 i pulled my chair in front of the mirror and held the letter up to the mirror . 
 i read : dear grandson : circumstances have prevented me from being a greater part of your life , but i hope to change that . 
 if you have received this letter , it means that i am dead . 
 but i am not gone . 
 our family has a special legacy , and that legacy comes in the form of this mirror . 
 i do n't know how old the mirror is , or how it came to be . 
 i suspect it is at least several hundred years old . 
 i do know that it has been handed down from father to son , and in our case , grandfather to grandson , for many generations . 
 i was once a young man , and i know you are probably considering the sale of the mirror and how it would help your immediate financial needs . 
 put that thought out of your head . 
 the mirror is worth far , far more to you than you can ever dream . 
 somehow the mirror has bonded to our family , and we have bonded to it . 
 in coming days , i encourage you to examine the mirror closely , and i trust that you will discover what i am talking about . 
 discovering the truth about this mirror will change your life . 
 sincerely , harris benjamin parker -lrb- your grandfather -rrb- . 
 the letter was dated a month ago . 
 apparently , grandfather had known that he would be gone soon , and it impressed me that he had been thinking of me when he wrote the letter . 
 i stared at it for a long while , then let it drop to the floor . 
 grandpa had said that i needed to examine the mirror closely , and so i decided to do just that . 
 i turned it and looked at the back , the edges with their fine filigree on the wooden frame , the cracked base that seemed to be made of a darker , harder wood , and the chipped edge of the mirror itself . 
 after almost half an hour , i shrugged . 
 the mirror seemed to be simply that -- a simple mirror -- and there did n't seem to be anything significant in its design . 
 what had the old man been talking about ? 
 i wondered . 
 dad never talked about his father , or even why they had a falling out . 
 but i suspected that the old man had perhaps been a little odd to begin with . 
 perhaps i was wasting my time , i thought , and started thinking about ebay again . 
 i sat and stared into the mirror again , frowning as i did so . 
 i never liked the way i looked , and as i sat there , i found myself thinking about where i was in my life . 
 i was independent ; away from the control of my mother . 
 but i had found myself on a dead-end street . 
 there was no call for web designers these days , despite what the commercials on tv said . 
 i looked around at the ratty furniture in my small apartment and sighed . 
 i turned back to my image in the mirror , and paused . 
 as i watched , my image began to go out of focus , and in its place , the image of another young man appeared . 
 the man looked a lot like me , and was my age . 
 but the cut of the shirt , the hairstyle and a few facial details were all different . 
 as the image slowly became sharper , i realized that i was looking at what my grandfather had probably looked like when he was my age . 
 i was admiring the likeness between his image and mine when the image moved . 
 i jumped , falling backwards off of my chair . 
 the person in the mirror turned his head and looked right back at me . 
 and the young man 's face broke into a slow smile . 
 i lay on the floor for a long moment , wondering what to do . 
 this is stupid , i thought , and pulled myself off the floor and sat back down . 
 `` hello , '' i said quietly , nervously , waving my hand . 
 the image in the mirror moved his lips and seemed to be saying the same thing , but i heard nothing . 
 he then turned behind himself and found a small chalkboard and wrote on it . 
 he held it up for me to read . 
 once again , the words were backwards , apparently because we were looking through a mirror . 
 `` my name is ben parker . '' 
 i continue to stare at him , not sure how to believe what i was seeing . 
 finally , i looked around me and found a pad of paper . 
 i wrote : `` that was my grandfather 's name , but you 're too young . 
 my grandfather was an old man . '' 
 he read what i had written and started laughing . 
 again , there was no sound . 
 `` i am in the year 1948 . 
 what year are you in ? '' 
 i wrote my response , and his eyebrows went up when he read it . 
 i then wrote : `` how is this possible ? 
 how can we be 65 years apart and talk face to face ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 apparently the magic -- or science -- was beyond him , just as it was beyond me . 
 he wrote again on the chalkboard : `` what can you tell me about what my life will be like ? '' 
 this time it my turn to shrug . 
 i did n't really know him , and i hesitated to tell him that he and his son were estranged . 
 i did tell him that he had three children , where he lived , and what his occupation was . 
 and answering him made me start thinking . 
 i wrote : `` if i can talk to you about your future , does that mean i can talk to my grandson ? '' 
 he nodded , and wrote : `` i have talked to six generations of our family , all the way back to the early 1800s . 
 you and your father have yet to be born . '' 
 my mind whirled with the possibilities . 
 not only would this give me an opportunity to talk to those before me , but also those who were n't born yet . 
 we talked for another hour , and then we closed the evening off , he satisfied that he had learned something of his future , me with a feeling of bonding with my family and my legacy . 
 it was funny , i thought , sitting there in my small apartment on my seedy couch . 
 i had been all alone in the world . 
 it was n't until my grandfather died that i realized that i had never been alone , nor would i ever be alone . 
 and because of that , i felt an obligation to my grandfather and those who came before me to be the best person i could be . 
 and then i realized that i had even more of an duty to live my life for my son , and his son , and so on for as long as the mirror would exist . 
 i flicked off the light and wondered what tomorrow would bring , and all of the tomorrows beyond it . 
 -lrb- back to toc -rrb- i hope you have enjoyed this electronic book . 
 if you would like information on prevail publications , or other books by glen robinson , visit us at my website or on twitter . 
 please feel free to add your review of this book on smashwords.com . 
