 hardin 's calling by a.s. morrison smashwords edition copyright 2013 a.s. morrison smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 table of contents i ii iii iv v vi vii viii ix x xi xii xiii xiv xv xvi xvii xviii xix xx i i sat in the darkened kitchen of the kilray house . 
 my hands clutched the warm cup of tea i made using the speed cooker . 
 it was my first successful attempt at getting it to work . 
 i could hear the soft breathing of the hunters sleeping in the living room . 
 lace was on the couch while dala , peter , and morome were on the floor . 
 i could not even see dala ; she had disappeared in the heap of blankets mrs. kilray had set out for her . 
 i hoped they liked their stay . 
 they seemed to . 
 mr. kilray had taken them out on the lake just a few hours before . 
 it was dark , but that did n't stop them from telling stories about how wonderful it all was when they got back . 
 my mind worked through various fantasies , as it usually did . 
 they all started with the diplomats gilik sent to dizuria getting on the train . 
 i imagined them forming a plan of action and then arriving in diz city with all the necessary weapons to take down the entire government . 
 leric would surrender immediately and call off all the wall guards he sent out . 
 i took a sip of the tea . 
 it was still warm . 
 i sighed deeply and looked out a window into the back yard . 
 it was too dark to see the lake . 
 all i could see was my reflection frowning back at me in the dim lighting . 
 i shook slightly , i was becoming increasingly nervous . 
 there was a time limit now . 
 only seven days left until the bracelets switched over and we would never get back into the wall . 
 my fantasies turned dark . 
 what if the whole venture was a disappointment ? 
 what if the diplomats came back after only making things worse ? 
 i did n't dare think about that . 
 i put my head in my hands and groaned . 
 how did all this happen ? 
 well i knew when it started . 
 it all began when milton and i brought those cases back while hunting . 
 the very next day milton was killed and i started to build my determination to make sure everybody got out of humurom alive . 
 that was only one year ago . 
 it seemed like so much longer . 
 five years felt closer to reality . 
 the ceiling creaked . 
 someone was moving around . 
 i could hear footfalls on the stairs . 
 nara appeared . 
 she wore a pink dressing gown . 
 she went into the kitchen and began using the speed cooker . 
 she paid no attention to me . 
 when finished she came over and sat across from me , setting a cup of tea down on the table . 
 we sat for a while without talking , without even making eye contact . 
 i fixed my sights on the window again , straining to see something through the darkness . 
 `` how 's the tea ? '' 
 she finally said , stirring hers with a spoon . 
 i looked at her . 
 she smiled but i knew it was n't genuine . 
 `` it 's alright . '' 
 she looked down into her cup . 
 `` this kind was always my favorite . 
 my dad used to buy it for me when i was little . 
 it calmed the nerves . 
 still does . 
 we used to always try different things in the winter . 
 different deserts , different breads . 
 it always was a big deal because the store is so far away . 
 what did you eat ? '' 
 i was n't going to tell her about nutrition . 
 i thought back to see if there was something else . 
 `` i once shared a can of fruit . 
 it was one of the last . 
 i thought it was the best tasting stuff in the world . 
 i do n't remember what it was exactly . 
 i gave a piece to peter , he liked it too . 
 we used to talk about all the food we read about and wondered what it all tasted like . 
 we had a scale we used . 
 the food we thought would taste the best was labeled as fruit like . 
 looking back that can was probably so bad we were lucky it did n't kill us . '' 
 i smirked at the thought . 
 `` we 're lucky everything did n't kill us actually . '' 
 she shook her head , still looking into her cup . 
 `` i can only imagine how bad it was in there . '' 
 `` please do n't . '' 
 she looked up . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` it 's alright . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 i finished my tea and set the cup down . 
 maybe it did calm the nerves . 
 i felt a bit better than i had before . 
 `` do you want to live with the bozlins ? '' 
 nara asked . 
 i was n't expecting that question . 
 it took a moment for me to think it over . 
 `` i guess . 
 it 's better than being in the government building , constantly feeling that i owe everyone . '' 
 `` we can get you a job . 
 but first we need to get you an identity . 
 the president can authorize giving you an i.d. and a place of birth in azureland . 
 you can even choose a last name . '' 
 `` i like yours . '' 
 her spoon clanked on the side of the cup . 
 `` that 's a good one . '' 
 `` so it would be like i 'm a normal azure and nobody would ever know ? '' 
 `` exactly . 
 he ca n't do much now , but once things get sorted out a bit he can get it done . 
 then you can go anywhere in azureland and start over for good . '' 
 `` that sounds great . '' 
 i imagined all the things i could do as an actual azure . 
 i realized i did n't know anything i could do except get a job . 
 but i 'm sure there were a lot of things available for me once that happened . 
 `` gilik will probably want you to do it soon . 
 but it 's your decision . '' 
 `` he does n't seem to want me involved with anything anymore . '' 
 `` it 's not that . '' 
 she leaned in close as though someone might be listening . 
 `` he does n't want to get involved . 
 he 's afraid of losing his job if people find out anything . 
 he 's been playing it cool , but trust me , he 's worried that you might be the end of him . 
 he 's been elected three times . 
 he 's tried to get rid of the council by continuingly giving them time off and doing things himself . 
 that 's why the president keeps coming , to force him from doing everything . '' 
 she leaned back and nodded . 
 `` please never mention any of that . '' 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 nara looked over at the sleeping hunters in the living room . 
 `` how about them ? 
 what are they going to do ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` they 'll probably take you all up on that offer to become citizens . 
 we can all start over . '' 
 `` and stud ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i guess it 's a good idea to wait until all this is over to do anything . '' 
 once again we sat in silence . 
 i thought over what she said about gilik . 
 i suppose it was pretty obvious that he was worried about me messing things up for him . 
 i did n't mean to , but that 's what happens when so many secrets are kept away from people . 
 i was the nutrition of azureland . 
 `` you know i almost gave up . 
 i almost wanted to just leave on that ship and forget the whole thing . '' 
 `` anybody would have wanted to do that . '' 
 she said comfortingly . 
 `` but those humurom 's need me . 
 i 'm the only one still trying to save them . '' 
 `` and you will one way or another . '' 
 i looked at her suspiciously . 
 `` you should n't say that . 
 not if you work for the government . '' 
 `` we all have our secrets . 
 if there is any way i can help let me know . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 i was becoming worried about all these secrets . 
 she stretched her arms out in front of her . 
 `` that 's it then . 
 i 've wanted to talk with you alone for a while now . 
 maybe i 'll be able to get to sleep now . '' 
 `` i know how you feel . 
 with those diplomats gone i 've had the hardest time sleeping tonight . '' 
 `` you will probably have time for a nap during the day . '' 
 `` after the hunters go out on the lake again . '' 
 she stood up . 
 `` i ca n't believe my dad took them out in the boat at night . 
 he never goes out on the lake at night . 
 he was probably just excited to get to show it to them . 
 he gets lonely out here since my mom has been going to visit her parents . '' 
 `` your parents are so nice . 
 i like spending time with them . '' 
 `` and they like you . '' 
 a buzzing noise came from somewhere . 
 nara reached into a pocket and pulled out the communication device that projected images onto surfaces . 
 she pointed it at the table where an image of gilik appeared . 
 i quickly got up and stepped away so he could not see me . 
 the image of gilik looked distressed . 
 `` nara , are you safe ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she said slowly . 
 `` i need you back here first thing in the morning . 
 the diplomats are all dead . '' 
 ii i spent the next hour pacing the kitchen looking for answers . 
 there was no way that i could get to sleep after hearing that news . 
 i wanted to go outside and sit alone , but did n't want to wake everybody by opening the door . 
 instead i kept to the kitchen . 
 nara had sauntered off to bed shortly after gilik called . 
 she mumbled something about not being any good without sleep . 
 i should have gone up as well and at least tried to get to sleep . 
 i was too wide awake for it to do any good . 
 the news had taken me completely by surprise . 
 how could leric do something so evil ? 
 i guess it should n't have been that much of a shock seeing what other things leric had done . 
 but to attack a country outside of the dome was something new for him . 
 and then an idea hit me . 
 maybe , in some twisted way , this was a good thing . 
 i felt bad for thinking it , but if it got gilik and the president moving then it would n't be all bad for humurom . 
 the sun began to rise and nara went around the house waking everyone . 
 i had n't had any sleep and was beginning to feel fatigued . 
 in just a few minutes the house was abuzz with everyone trying to find their things to pack . 
 we were only there for one night ; i did n't know how things got lost so fast . 
 mr. and mrs. kilray busied themselves in the kitchen . 
 nara had n't told anybody the news ; she only said that we had to leave right away . 
 `` nobody leaves until they have breakfast . '' 
 mr. kilray shouted over the commotion . 
 `` i 'll make some now . '' 
 `` do we have everything ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` mama do you have everything ? '' 
 `` i barely took anything out of the case . '' 
 she responded , sitting calmly on the couch while the hunters ran around trying to tidy up the blankets they were sleeping on . 
 `` everybody else ? '' 
 `` i got my stuff . '' 
 dala said , holding up the laundry bag she brought her clothes in . 
 they used their clothing allowance up the first day they got it . 
 i do n't blame them ; we were all tired of those humurom clothes . 
 `` the pancakes are ready . '' 
 mrs. kilray said from the kitchen . 
 at first i wondered how that could be and then i remembered that anything could be cooked in the speed cooker and be done in seconds . 
 `` everybody come on in and grab a few . '' 
 mr. kilray yelled from the table . 
 we all found seats and ate as fast as we could . 
 it was a shame because those pancakes were really good . 
 nara came in , looking stressed . 
 `` gilik has sent a train . 
 it should be here soon . '' 
 `` the platform is a bit of a walk . '' 
 mr. kilray said . 
 `` you should get going . 
 here , i 'll make you all sandwiches for the train . '' 
 he got to work on the sandwiches as the rest of us cleaned off our plates . 
 before we knew it we had our bags and were leaving . 
 `` come back soon nara . '' 
 mrs. kilray said , kissing her daughter . 
 `` and you too , hardin . '' 
 mr. kilray added . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 i called back . 
 with goodbyes out of the way we started for the train station . 
 it was a warm morning , much better than the last time i left the kilray house . 
 `` so why are we leaving so soon ? '' 
 morome asked as we started walking . 
 `` i 'll tell you all on the train . '' 
 nara promised . 
 the lonely platform loomed ahead . 
 we were the only ones there that morning . 
 not that i expected anyone else . 
 i could n't see another house or town anywhere . 
 it was all fields and the occasional tree . 
 `` it was very nice out here . '' 
 mama said . 
 we stood apart from the rest . 
 `` now that i 'm done with my treatments i 'll have to come back . '' 
 `` you 're done ? '' 
 i asked in surprise . 
 had she told me that already ? 
 i could n't remember with everything else going on . 
 `` yes , i could have gone for another week but the doctors said i was as good as i 'll get . '' 
 `` so what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means i 'm better . 
 for now . 
 the doctors have to keep an eye on me in case it comes back . 
 but for now i 'm good . '' 
 for a second i forgot about everything else . 
 `` that 's wonderful . 
 why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i wanted to surprise you when we got back , but i just could n't hold it in anymore . '' 
 that lifted my spirits tremendously . 
 it reminded me what azureland was capable of . 
 if they could help someone as bad off as she was then they could do anything . 
 a small train came and we got on . 
 it was empty . 
 we spread out and waited to hear the news . 
 i did n't much want to hear it again , but there was nowhere else for me to go . 
 nara stood up and began . 
 `` gilik called me this morning with bad news . 
 the diplomats sent to engage the dizurians have all died . 
 the dizurians claim the train caught on fire and burned everything before it reached the capital . 
 they are blaming local gangs . 
 we see it differently . 
 it is clear to us that the dizurian leader is involved . 
 we do not know if they talked at all , or if they killed them without talking to them . 
 they wo n't let us see the bodies , saying that there is nothing left to see . 
 this may change things from now on . 
 it 's hard to say what gilik will want to do . 
 all i know is that he wants us back right away to talk to us . '' 
 there 's a numb silence as we all try to figure things out . 
 `` i think it 's about time we sneak in and do it our way . '' 
 lace said . 
 `` and all the guards around the wall ? '' 
 i point out . 
 `` do you have a better idea ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 dala stood up , stretched , and started for the back of the train . 
 `` i 'm about ready for that journey ship , anyone else ? '' 
 `` shut up dala . '' 
 lace yelled . 
 i stood up . 
 `` stop . 
 there 's no use in everyone fighting . '' 
 i turned to nara . 
 `` what should we do ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` just see what gilik has to say . 
 how many days is it until the bracelets switch over ? '' 
 i was having a hard time keeping count . 
 `` seven . '' 
 i said after thinking it over . 
 `` that 's enough time for gilik to think up something . '' 
 nara nodded in mutual understanding . 
 i knew not even she believed that gilik would have something ready in time . 
 `` i just want you all to be safe . '' 
 mama said . 
 `` how can we now that we know there are people in the city trying to kill hardin ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 nara put her hands up for everyone to calm down . 
 `` we have to be more careful . 
 hardin you may end up confined to your room . '' 
 i would be really bored stuck in that room , but i 've been bored before . 
 and bored is better than dead . 
 `` i 'm sure gilik would like that . '' 
 i muttered . 
 lace did not like the sound of that . 
 `` we 'll need you if we go back in . '' 
 i glanced over to mama to see her frowning at lace . 
 the train rolled along through the fields . 
 it seemed like it was taking forever to get back to the city . 
 nara and i went to the front of the car , away from the others . 
 `` i just ca n't believe they killed them . '' 
 nara reflected several minutes later . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i believed that we alone could take out dizuria . 
 but this is different . 
 we ca n't do this alone . '' 
 `` be very careful . 
 you have a lot of people wanting you safe . '' 
 i smiled darkly . 
 `` and a whole lot more wanting me dead . '' 
 i looked out the window at the pretty spring day . 
 i got lost in thought while also getting lost in the grass that stretched endlessly . 
 i wanted to disappear in it , to smell the amazing aroma of grass just as i had the first time i encountered it , when it was still new and fresh . 
 that was gone forever , that sense of mystery and excitement . 
 i was too far from it now . 
 even if the mess of dizuria and humurom ever did end i would not be the same person as i was before . 
 the wonder gone from my eyes , only the darkened worldly person left behind would show through . 
 eventually the train began to slow into the city . 
 i looked around groggily ; i had almost gotten to sleep . 
 all i wanted was another few hours to try again . 
 without that option i sat up and waited to get off at the platform . 
 i became very nervous . 
 this meeting with gilik would decide everything . 
 iii the station was strangely empty . 
 i did n't realize it was the weekend . 
 i saw it as a sign , perhaps of mourning . 
 in my mind all the usual commuters were at home , afraid that the fight would come to them next . 
 we went through the station in a daze , our feet propelling us to the government building a half mile away . 
 `` i 'm really getting nervous now . '' 
 i said to nara . 
 `` me too . '' 
 she grabbed my hand and held on tight as if i could blow away at any moment . 
 the building seemed oddly bigger , more menacing than i had ever seen it before . 
 the closer gilik 's office got the worse i felt . 
 i wanted someone else to go in while i took a nap . 
 i would feel better about taking the news we were sure to get after resting up a bit . 
 i entered the room first , losing all of the courage i had left when i saw gilik 's demoralized face . 
 `` just nara and hardin . '' 
 he said . 
 `` everyone else go up to your rooms . 
 they 've been cleaned since yesterday . '' 
 the others left . 
 nara finally released my hand , i wished she had n't . 
 gilik paced the small room , looking down at the carpet . 
 `` well i 'll tell ya ; this is the biggest thing to happen while i 've been mayor . 
 dead diplomats . 
 this is just getting beyond us all . '' 
 he looked up at me . 
 `` it 's clear to me , as i hope it is to you , that leric is behind this . 
 it 's got his dirty fingerprints all over it . 
 he sent me a threatening letter . 
 it said that we should mind our own business . 
 can you believe it ? 
 i do n't dare get anybody else involved . 
 this is a matter between him and me now '' he looked back to the floor . 
 `` someone else died here last night . 
 it 's getting ridiculous . 
 and to think i had you running around the country . 
 how did i get into this mess ? 
 the president 's furious . 
 not at dizuria , but at me . 
 how could i let this happen ? 
 well never again . 
 the gang 's being behind it is good for the media who needed something to go on . 
 that 's it i 'm afraid . 
 that 's it for me . 
 that 's all there is . 
 stop the grinder we have some funny looking wheat . '' 
 i did n't get the connection between wheat and what he was talking about . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked uneasily . 
 `` it 's over hardin . '' 
 he said with increasing exasperation . 
 it was n't sinking in . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked stupidly . 
 my mind was grabbing for good news and it was n't finding any . 
 he looked about to blow . 
 `` done , over , finished , past tense . 
 what part of this is escaping you ? 
 i 've stuck my neck out trying to keep you alive . 
 i let you go back in , twice ! 
 whatever you had planned forget it . 
 as we speak round the clock guards are being set up at the wall . 
 the bracelets are going to be destroyed once i get calrus to stop whining and your time in this city is done . 
 i 've wasted enough of the good people 's money on this . 
 at your earliest convenience -- in one week -- you are going to be shipped out to that new town . 
 we 'll go as far as giving you birth papers and an i.d. but that 's it . '' 
 after all that i still could n't get a grasp around his words . 
 `` what about the humurom 's ? '' 
 he threw his hands up . 
 `` what do i care ? 
 you went in twice and could n't get them out . 
 they do n't want out . 
 is n't that clear ? '' 
 `` we have to try . '' 
 he stood straight and tall , the image of authority . 
 `` you are not going in . 
 nobody is . 
 i do n't want to deal with the diplomats ' families . 
 i definitely do n't want to deal with your good for nothing friends and a mourning mother . '' 
 i tried my hardest to think up a counterpoint but none would come to mind . 
 things were going from desperate to impossible and i could do nothing about it . 
 i opened my mouth several times but nothing came out . 
 and then i thought of something . 
 i pointed my finger at him as though it was a sword . 
 `` if you stop helping i 'll tell everyone everything . '' 
 i did n't know what ` everything ' was or how it would help . 
 he did not take the threat lightly . 
 he remained calm , but his voice sounded like it could do more damage than anything i had ever encountered . 
 `` after everything i did for you and your mother ? 
 where would you be without me ? '' 
 i lowered my finger . 
 that last sentence summed up everything . 
 i do n't know where i would be without him , and i definitely did not want to imagine the possibilities . 
 his voice remained deadly . 
 `` now go get your things packed . 
 you wo n't be here much longer . '' 
 nara grabbed my hand again . 
 i had forgotten she was there . 
 she led me out of the room . 
 i did n't know or care where we were going . 
 my eyes burned and i closed them tight , tears rolling down my cheeks . 
 if asked i would say it was for the diplomats , but nara would know the real reason . 
 everything collapsed in on itself just as i figured it would , but it was so much worse having to hear it myself . 
 `` i 'm sorry hardin . '' 
 nara whispered , stroking my arm . 
 i did n't want her to be sorry . 
 i did n't want there to be anything she had to be sorry for . 
 `` i should be sorry . '' 
 my voice shook . 
 `` everything he said was true . 
 we are a good for nothing bunch with no business being here . '' 
 i shook her hand off of mine and walked away . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 with no fantasies left and no hope remaining i stumbled along through the building . 
 i turned corners with no reason to care where i was going . 
 i found an elevator and decided to take it somewhere . 
 i paced around the small elevator as it took me up and away from my problems . 
 the next thing i remember is sitting on a long bench , looking over the city . 
 i found the viewing floor . 
 the top floor of the government building had glass walls so people could look out at the view of the city and the wall . 
 i was thankful that no one else was there . 
 i stared angrily at the wall . 
 i formed fists and shook violently . 
 i had so much left to give to humurom to get them out and now i would n't be able to do anything . 
 i spent a long time up there looking out over everything . 
 my hatred towards everything diminished . 
 i sat alone in a weakened and tired state , thinking only of how the others were going to take the news when i told them . 
 i did n't want to tell them . 
 i did n't want to hear about all the things i should have said to gilik and how i wasted away the last chance . 
 i knew i would hear something like that and so did n't want to move . 
 my head fell to the hard wood of the bench and i fell asleep . 
 i woke up in the late afternoon . 
 no one had found me . 
 i felt a little better with rest and was ready to go down and tell the others . 
 it would only get worse the longer i waited . 
 everyone was in the room when i arrived . 
 there was no reason to hope for any less . 
 i recounted the conversation with gilik , making sure to keep my head down . 
 when i was finished i finally looked at lace , expecting the worst . 
 to my immense shock she sat down on the couch instead of coming toward me . 
 `` i 've thought about it a lot . '' 
 she began . 
 `` and with some help i 've joined you all . 
 there is no point in having me and my family dead . 
 i want to help more than anything . 
 if only there was a way . '' 
 morome nodded sadly . 
 `` all we need is some kind of chance . '' 
 dala shook her head . 
 `` that 's what we get for trusting gilik . 
 when did trusting matilik ever help us ? '' 
 something clicked in my head . 
 i do n't know why it did n't sooner . 
 there was something in what dala said that reminded me of a certain person i had met in that very building , someone who claimed they could help . 
 `` wait a minute . '' 
 i tried to remember where i put the card she gave me . 
 i checked my pockets but it was n't there . 
 i found it under the couch . 
 `` i do n't suppose any of you know where goldrose road is ? '' 
 lace shrugged . 
 `` no idea , why ? '' 
 `` because i need to go there . '' 
 morome stood up , looking suspicious but excited , `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` do n't get your hopes up . 
 i 'll be back later . '' 
 before anybody could say anything else i was out the door and running down the hall to the elevator . 
 my mood picked right up . 
 i was afraid to get too excited in case my new plan turned horribly wrong . 
 in the elevator i looked down at the card . 
 historia gave it to me and told me that she represented a group that could help with our unique situation . 
 she knew too much to not be involved somehow . 
 the elevator doors opened and i shot out of the building as fast as i could . 
 i went up to the first person i saw , a middle aged woman carrying grocery bags , and asked her for directions . 
 `` go three blocks that way and you will be on it . '' 
 the lady said . 
 it was closer than i thought it would be . 
 i turned on the corner and began to look for 5000 goldrose road . 
 i started in the wrong direction and had to turn around , but nothing was going to dampen my spirits again , at least not until i found the right place . 
 my heart dropped when i saw it . 
 5000 goldrose road was at the end of a large brick building . 
 there was a tattered black awning with the number , and a boarded up door . 
 i felt tricked . 
 that could n't be it . 
 historia had built it up so much . 
 i was n't going to turn back without at least trying . 
 i went up to the boarded up door and saw a piece of paper stuck to it . 
 i looked closely at the tiny letters . 
 `` knock if you are h from hm '' . 
 could that be hardin from humurom ? 
 it was worth a shot . 
 i knocked as loudly as i could and waited . 
 minutes past and i was about to give up and go back when i heard something stirring inside . 
 the door flung open . 
 historia stood in the doorway , smiling broadly . 
 `` sad times mr. h , if only you could have been born an azure . 
 come in , they 've been waiting a long time . '' 
 iv historia made room for me and i entered the tiny space . 
 it was dark , and i was glad . 
 the place felt very cramped and what i could see was covered in dust and dirt . 
 several chairs stood in the corner , their cushions torn . 
 she closed the door behind us . 
 `` i was beginning to wonder if you would ever trust me enough to come . 
 i suppose current events have made things just desperate enough , though i could have sold the idea better . 
 i may have seemed creepy at first . '' 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 i asked . 
 with the door closed it was pitch black . 
 i did n't feel particularly safe after seeing how dirty everything was . 
 `` you 'll see , but first you have to promise not to reveal anything that 's in here . 
 do you promise ? '' 
 i nodded , and then realized she could n't see me . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she moved to the back wall . 
 i heard her knocking against something hard . 
 she exclaimed quietly and there was a shift . 
 the wall moved away revealing a poorly lit and very narrow staircase . 
 she started down and i followed . 
 `` now do n't get scared if people rush you . '' 
 she called back . 
 `` why would they do that ? '' 
 i was beginning to wonder what i was getting myself into . 
 `` oh hardin , you have so much to learn about your dome . '' 
 the stairs came to an end deep underground . 
 a wooden door blocked our path . 
 she gave me a quick smile and opened the door . 
 `` welcome to the underworld . '' 
 a bright light hit my eyes and i squinted . 
 we had emerged into a very large space . 
 the ceiling was several stories above our heads . 
 i looked all around feeling like i had been transported to an alternate humurom or bozlin . 
 the walls and ceiling were the same type of metal and the place gave an aura of the same kind . 
 despite the dozens of people milling about on strange machines or talking to the projection devices there was an overwhelming sense of loneliness that came with the room 's design . 
 the main difference , besides the people not looking hopelessly depressed , was that the floors were covered in a worn blue carpet that helped with the echoes . 
 there were at least one hundred people down there , all too busy with whatever they were doing to notice an outsider was among them . 
 historia went up to the first person that walked by and whispered something in their ear . 
 i had been looking at the ceiling in awe when i suddenly saw the person staring at me . 
 it was n't an expression i was familiar with , a mix between fear and pure amazement . 
 at first i thought he might attack or run away , i could n't tell which . 
 he did neither . 
 he came up very slowly as though i might attack or run away . 
 a shaky hand was stretched in my direction . 
 i shook it . 
 the man lit up . 
 `` my good -- what a -- wow ! 
 unbelievable sir , just unbelievable . '' 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 i said as he continued to shake my hand . 
 historia pulled him away . 
 he stared after us as we continued through the large room . 
 he then ran ahead and whispered things to other people , who all looked at me the same way . 
 there was a growing part of me that was certain i had walked into something dangerous . 
 before we could get to the end of the room all one hundred or so people dropped what they were doing and crowded around . 
 i could barely move as countless hands attempted to shake mine . 
 i had never had so many admiring eyes on me at once . 
 it was similar to the way i imagined coming back to humurom after securing peace with the cityers would feel . 
 back then i thought this sort of treatment would be great , now i was n't so sure . 
 historia made a path and pulled me through the crowd and into a small meeting room with a long oval table . 
 i sat in one of the chairs and caught my breath . 
 she sat on the table and laughed at me . 
 `` feels good , huh ? '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 `` you ready for story time ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` to start with let 's go to when the dome first came up . 
 no one knew what was going on inside . 
 did everything really get destroyed ? 
 could it be possible that someone had survived ? 
 no one knew . 
 as years passed storytellers made up their own minds about what was in there . 
 science fiction writers started to theorize and fantasize all sorts of things . 
 a whole new genre was created about the dome . 
 anything was possible . 
 some of my favorite stories include radioactive monsters escaping and terrorizing westurnia . 
 and it only gets stranger from there . 
 there are stories of evil scientists going in and discovering mutants and even the dome itself coming alive and swallowing the whole world . 
 anything that someone could think up became just as plausible as anything else . 
 this kind of stuff enthralled people of all ages . 
 these people were n't just fans . 
 i 'm talking about people who dedicated their lives to the dome and everything about it . 
 you might say that 's ridiculous . 
 as time went on these people began to meet in secret and discuss their love of the dome . 
 they called themselves domers . 
 very slowly it grew into a large movement , a secret underground movement . 
 and that movement needed a base . 
 and thus this place was born for the azureland domers . 
 somehow around twenty years ago our leader at the time found a copy of the blueprints for the bozlin underground bunker . 
 they built it many years before the bombs went off and made it public knowledge . 
 that is what this place is based on . 
 now remember when this place was built no one knew the bozlins had survived in that bunker . 
 it was believed then that not even the bunker could save them after the nukes went off . '' 
 i interrupted . 
 `` this all sounds great , but you said something about being faster than the government the last time i saw you ? '' 
 `` let me finish . 
 it was clear from the beginning that the government could not be involved . 
 not that the original domers were doing anything the government cared about , but they had aspirations to . 
 the people that became associated with us grew to places we never thought possible . 
 government officials from all the surrounding countries got involved . 
 that included a high up member of the dizurian government . 
 these people would go around all day and do whatever the leaders wanted and at night met with us over the phone to discuss more secretive issues . 
 it went beyond the dome . 
 the more powerful people we got the more power we had without even officially existing in the minds of the nations . 
 we would go around , sneaking here , deciding laws there . 
 the dome took a back seat , but not for long . 
 the moment you came out the dome became the center of attention again . 
 we 've watched everything you 've done so far . 
 there was a consensus that no one speak to you . 
 if you got suspicious you might go to gilik . 
 but now that you 're on our side we do n't have to be secretive anymore around you . 
 now about how we can help . 
 at your disposal is basically the most well trained volunteer army in the world . 
 around two thousand strong who have trained for this their whole lives . 
 before you they would have been thought crazy to train to fight in there , but not now . '' 
 i thought it over . 
 one part stood out among the rest . 
 `` wait , you have an army ? '' 
 `` we have an army ? '' 
 i needed some clarification . 
 `` and they are willing to fight to save humurom ? '' 
 she smiled , delighting in my new knowledge . 
 `` nothing would please them more . 
 we had to give direct orders for them not to jump on a train out to the new bozlin town and ask questions . 
 again , we do n't want anyone to get suspicious . '' 
 `` are you the leader ? '' 
 `` i am now . 
 i was elected shortly after you came out . 
 my sole duty as leader was to get you on our side . 
 but i had to learn a bit about you first . 
 we have the whole government building wired . 
 i secretly think that gilik was suspicious of something like that so he sent you out on that journey train . 
 that was a hard time for us . '' 
 i did n't even worry about them spying on everything i did . 
 i was too excited about the prospect of an army . 
 `` how soon until they are ready to go ? '' 
 `` a few days . 
 a perfect amount of time for you to meet some people and assert your allegiance . '' 
 i stood up ; all the news about saving humurom was turning into joy in my body . 
 `` i ca n't believe this . 
 just an hour ago i felt that everything was lost . 
 i would have felt guilty about leaving them in there to die my whole life . 
 and now . 
 i do n't know , it 's all so great . '' 
 historia jumped to her feet . 
 `` come on , i want you to meet a few people . '' 
 she opened the door . 
 everyone was right where we left them . 
 they looked expectantly at historia . 
 `` he 's with us ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 the place erupted with cheers . 
 this time i embraced it . 
 i stepped out of the meeting room with my head held high , soaking in the attention . 
 i was n't just king for a night , i was king for life . 
 historia pulled me through the crowd again . 
 this time i made sure to shake every hand i could reach . 
 it took a while but she led me up a staircase to the second floor of the base . 
 doors were on either side of a small hallway . 
 we entered one . 
 a man about ten years older than me was there . 
 he looked big and strong . 
 he came up to me . 
 `` ah , wonderful to meet you hardin . 
 i 've heard many wonderful things . 
 and hissy , the watches are done . '' 
 historia clapped her hands together . 
 `` great . 
 that was really fast . 
 hardin , this is bivton , he is my second in command and head of technology . 
 bivton , why do n't you lead the way to your lab so we can see those watches . '' 
 bivton nodded . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 we left the office and went to the end of the hallway . 
 a small walkway suspended in the air took us over to another part of the second floor . 
 here we went into a much bigger room with lab equipment all around . 
 several people were hard at work on various machines . 
 bivton took us to a table where several wrist watches were . 
 he picked one up . 
 `` any idea what this is ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` this here is a timer . 
 we have several dizurians working hard for leric . 
 one of them got to see firsthand the actual timer for when the bracelets turn over . 
 and this here is in sync with that . 
 we want you to have one . 
 less than seven days remain . '' 
 i took the watch . 
 it had six followed by a nineteen , followed by a thirty four . 
 they were for days , hours , and minutes . 
 the technology was remarkable to me . 
 i put it on and looked at it every few seconds . 
 `` this way we can make sure we are on schedule . '' 
 historia said , also putting on a watch . 
 `` good job bivton . '' 
 historia and bivton talked for a minute about people i had never heard of . 
 i wandered around the lab , looking over the equipment and wondering how it all worked . 
 when they were finished historia and i left the lab . 
 i was about to go down the stairs but she stopped me . 
 `` now i want you to go back to the hunters and see if they are willing to come here with you . 
 a nice rallying cry from you all should be just the thing the soldiers need to get pumped up . 
 come back in the morning . 
 that should be about when that watch reads six days even . '' 
 `` we 'll be here . '' 
 we went back through the bunker like room . 
 this time historia made sure everyone was at work as we passed . 
 they were all standing around with their equipment , looking at me instead . 
 we scaled the steep steps and were soon back in the cramped little space with the dirt and the dust . 
 there was one last thing i wanted to ask . 
 `` can i tell nara ? '' 
 historia thought about it for a minute . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she works for the government and is a little too close to gilik . 
 if you really trust her then i guess i have to say it 's alright , but do n't tell her too much . '' 
 i thanked historia for restoring my faith and happiness and left 5000 goldrose road . 
 for the first time in a while i had something exciting to tell the hunters . 
 v the news only got better in my mind as i ran back to the government building to tell the others . 
 i could n't wait to see their faces when i told them that hope was restored and we would be saving the humurom 's after all . 
 i jumped out of the elevator at my floor and sprinted down the hall to my room . 
 mama was there alone . 
 `` where are the others ? '' 
 i asked , out of breath . 
 `` i do n't know , around somewhere . '' 
 i went up to their rooms on the floor above . 
 only morome was there . 
 i told him to get the others and to meet back in my room as soon as they could . 
 it did n't take long . 
 the excited look on my face told him something good must be happening . 
 once we were all together i went over everything that happened in full detail starting with when i first saw historia to the last thing she said to me in the domer base . 
 they took the news as i did , with joyful countenance . 
 `` great , really great hardin . '' 
 lace gleefully said when i finished . 
 `` i have n't given you as much credit as you deserve . 
 you really do n't give up . '' 
 `` looks like we are back in it . '' 
 morome bellowed . 
 even dala approved . 
 `` i 'd like the chance to take out some dizurians and see my home again . 
 i 'm in . '' 
 peter looked worried . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm good here . '' 
 we all looked at him . 
 `` well , '' lace thought it over , `` with an army i guess we do n't need everyone . '' 
 peter looked relieved that she did n't come after him . 
 i suddenly remembered something i accidentally omitted . 
 `` there 's one more thing . 
 historia wants us to go and give a speech tomorrow to the domers so they will be ready . 
 is everybody alright with this ? '' 
 `` go someplace where people love us . '' 
 lace said . 
 `` i 'm ready now . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i agreed , `` it 's a weird feeling . '' 
 we all talked excitedly about the possibilities . 
 i looked over and saw mama standing near her bed ; she did not look at all pleased . 
 i went over to her . 
 `` mr. jess came by . 
 he said that stud is going to have another operation . 
 i already saw him earlier . 
 you can go now if you want . '' 
 i had a feeling that that was n't what was upsetting her but i did n't want to hear anything against the domers so i agreed and went down to see stud . 
 i found him in a prep room . 
 he was sitting in a bed that was going to be rolled into surgery when the doctors were ready . 
 he looked at me sadly when i walked in . 
 i could tell mama had told him what gilik said . 
 `` hey , i heard you were going to have more surgery . '' 
 i said , trying to sound comforting . 
 `` they 're going to cut off my legs . '' 
 he said calmly . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` they ca n't save them . 
 it 's alright though . 
 as long as i 'm out of that hole and have a chance to live i 'm alright . 
 that 's all it takes sometimes you know . 
 just a chance to live can make somewhat good news out of the worst . '' 
 i had n't really thought of it that way . 
 `` that 's horrible that they have to do that . '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 that dampened my spirits a little , but not enough to hide the smile when thinking about the domers . 
 `` i have something exciting to tell you . '' 
 i told him all about what happened that day . 
 it was nice having a story that i wanted to retell over and over again . 
 he lit up at the news . 
 `` that 's wonderful ! 
 that is if you can get around gilik . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` that 's the only hard part now . '' 
 `` remember to keep me up to date on everything . '' 
 he pleaded . 
 `` i will . '' 
 the doctors came in and i had to leave . 
 i wished him luck . 
 i spent the afternoon taking a nap . 
 i woke up after the sun went down . 
 i felt well rested and ready to go find good news somewhere else . 
 it was a wonderful feeling to know that things were going to work out . 
 i wanted the feeling again . 
 the same feeling i had while leaving the domers . 
 i knew i did n't have to wait long . 
 i was certain i would feel it again while helping the humurom 's through the wall and into azureland . 
 i could n't wait . 
 mama and i went out to dinner that night . 
 we had some food allowance left and we found a nice restaurant in our budget . 
 i could n't wait until i got my i.d. and was able to pay for things myself . 
 halfway through dinner mama suddenly raised her knife in my direction . 
 `` do you trust this historia ? '' 
 i was having a hard time getting mama to say anything so i was surprised to hear that question so suddenly . 
 `` just wait till you get there tomorrow . 
 it 's better than anything . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm not going . 
 i do n't want to see the base or hear about an army . '' 
 i put down my own cutlery and raised my hands as if i was actually holding the idea i was trying to get across . 
 `` mama , this is what we need to save humurom . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she stressed . 
 `` i just do n't want to be a part of it , and i do n't think you should be either . '' 
 i scoffed , feeling a little betrayed by her misunderstanding . 
 `` i 'm the leader of this . 
 i need to be involved . '' 
 `` and why ca n't this new group lead the way ? '' 
 `` mama , i chose this . 
 i 'm not being forced into something . 
 i want to do this . 
 i want to go in and get them out . '' 
 she nodded , still clearly annoyed but not wanting to continue the conversation . 
 `` alright . '' 
 the rest of the meal was spent in awkward silence . 
 i tried to think up a way to get her on my side but knew she was n't going to come . 
 that night i sat on the couch and stared at the watch as it counted down the minutes . 
 i was hoping that everyone would be glad about what was going to happen . 
 with mama not wanting me apart of it i felt bad about leaving . 
 as i looked at the watch i knew that time was running out . 
 if we did n't act fast humurom would be gone . 
 i nodded decisively into the darkness . 
 i could n't think about what she wanted at the moment , i had to think of the big picture and the big picture was all about the domers . 
 vi all the hunters got ready early and were waiting for me when i got up . 
 they were looking forward to this even more than i was . 
 i said goodbye to mama , i do n't know if she did n't hear me or did n't want to respond . 
 we went down the street and came across a place for breakfast . 
 it was hard not to talk about the domers with all the people around . 
 there were a few times where we forgot and accidentally said something , but we do n't think anybody was listening . 
 they were all too preoccupied with whatever they had going on . 
 i led the way to the boarded up door with pride . 
 i felt like i was showing the way to a treasure that i buried myself . 
 i knocked on the door and we waited . 
 `` i 'm actually really excited about this . '' 
 lace said , shaking nervously . 
 `` me too , '' morome added . 
 he turned to peter . 
 `` but why are you here ? 
 i thought you did n't want to come . '' 
 `` i do n't want to go back to humurom , but i do want to see this place and meet the people . '' 
 just like last time it took a few minutes for someone to let us in . 
 historia opened the door and we crammed inside the little room . 
 `` thank you all for coming . 
 everyone is really excited to hear what you have to say , hardin . '' 
 historia said while knocking quietly at the back wall . 
 the wall moved , revealing the staircase . 
 we started down . 
 `` what exactly should i say ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` tell them the entire situation in humurom and tell them how they can help . 
 we have exactly six days left . 
 do n't forget to tell them that as well . '' 
 we came to the small door and historia opened it . 
 the hunters let out a gasp at what they saw . 
 it was so similar to humurom and yet so different . 
 the familiar sound of the band playing their death music was transformed to busy people talking about any number of subjects surrounding the dome . 
 it looked a little different this time . 
 instead of everyone talking to communication devices they all stood around a stage that had been erected against the wall . 
 historia led us up the steps onto the stage . 
 the domers cheered when they saw us . 
 historia pushed me up to the microphone . 
 i stood there awkwardly for a moment looking out at all the people . 
 `` thank you all for coming . '' 
 i started . 
 `` my name is hardin , and these people behind me are my friends from humurom . '' 
 more cheers rang up . 
 `` we did n't know about all this growing up . 
 about azureland , or even about the wall . 
 that came as a shock to us when we found it . 
 in humurom we lived simply . 
 we risked getting killed by dizurians when we hunted and we had to eat something inhumane . '' 
 historia came up and whispered in my ear . 
 `` describe it , make them feel for you . '' 
 i put my hand over the microphone . 
 `` i should n't , it 's too gross . '' 
 she nodded . 
 i sighed and continued . 
 `` we ate people . '' 
 gasps took the place of cheers . 
 `` we had turned into cannibals just to survive , and it is still going on . 
 the leader there does n't want to leave . 
 he is keeping the people captive to die in those conditions . 
 but you can help . 
 together we can go in and save them all . 
 it will be dangerous . 
 the dizurians have placed guards all along the wall to ensure nobody goes in or out . 
 with an army we can defeat them and save humurom . 
 i ask that you ready yourselves because there are only six days left . 
 when the time runs out we will no longer have access to the dome and the humurom 's will be slaughtered by the dizurians . 
 but if we act fast we can save them all . 
 are you ready to save humurom ? '' 
 the loudest cheer comes at those words . 
 historia comes up and claps along with them . 
 `` i know that you want to help . 
 get things ready in your day lives and report to us when you are ready so we can go in and save them all ! '' 
 she said . 
 i quickly got to the back of the stage where i was congratulated by the hunters . 
 historia came over to us as the crowd was thinning out . 
 `` so , you want a tour ? '' 
 everyone got back to work as historia led us around . 
 we got the same amazed looks that the domers gave to me . 
 they did n't swarm us but they did stare after us as though we were famous . 
 i got a better look at the base this time . 
 last time i was so preoccupied by how wonderful everything was i did n't get a chance to let what i saw sink in . 
 the attention to detail was obvious . 
 the large room looked just like bozlin and humurom . 
 they really were huge fans of us . 
 i tried to imagine how it felt for them . 
 it must have been like their favorite fictional character suddenly appeared before them . 
 i tried to imagine what it would be like if don quixote got in the elevator with me . 
 it would definitely be an interesting experience . 
 the day was spent going to different stations throughout the base . 
 we introduced ourselves to as many people as we could and told stories of our time in humurom . 
 a group gathered around us as i told how i was pushed down a slimy tube into the bomb room . 
 there was a hush as they waited for me to finish the story . 
 i felt like a true hero . 
 i remembered when i told the hunters about how milton died . 
 they had heard rumors that i valiantly fought the cityers . 
 they were disappointed to find that i really did n't . 
 this time i had actual heroic stories to tell , and i made sure i told them all . 
 when i was done telling about climbing out of the bomb room the first time i went straight into how i went back and saved stud , and then how i helped save the bozlins . 
 the domers cheered the way i always imagined my audiences would when i told the stories years later . 
 i did n't want to leave . 
 when i finished all the stories i tried to come up with anything that i could . 
 i attempted to make dishwashing sound interesting , which was hard to do . 
 they were beginning to lose interest . 
 i let the others take over . 
 as evening came we knew it was about time to get back . 
 we said our goodbyes and started back towards the stairs . 
 historia told me to come back the next morning so an official plan can be made up . 
 i agreed . 
 i probably would have been back even if she did n't ask . 
 it was getting dark out . 
 the hunters stopped by to get something to eat . 
 i continued on by myself . 
 mama had gone shopping recently and i wanted to try out what she got . 
 i ran into nara in the lobby . 
 she finished her work for the day and was heading out . 
 i asked to talk for a bit and we sat on a couch in the empty lobby . 
 `` have you ever heard of the domers ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was wary of her response but i really wanted her involved . 
 `` is n't that some strange secret club that claims to know all about the wall ? '' 
 `` that 's them . '' 
 `` what about them ? '' 
 she did n't seem to want to talk about them . 
 `` i 've been talking to them and -- '' she put her hand up . 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea . 
 they are all a bit loopy . 
 they believe all those stories about the wall that people came up with , took it a bit too literal . '' 
 i had a hard time coming up with something to say to that . 
 `` right , well they want to help with humurom . '' 
 `` and you believed them ? '' 
 i took that to mean she thought i was crazy . 
 `` but they say they can help . '' 
 she took me by the shoulders . 
 `` hardin , they are a bunch of crazies . '' 
 i smiled , pretending i thought she was right . 
 `` good call . 
 i 'll be more careful . '' 
 she stood up . 
 `` good . 
 find out as much as you can about them . 
 gilik would like to know . '' 
 she left me sitting there . 
 she did n't see them like i did . 
 i could tell they were genuine . 
 there was no way to get her on my side . 
 i sighed and started for the elevator . 
 one thing was certain ; i was definitely not going to tell gilik anything about them . 
 vii first thing in the morning i went to the domer base . 
 it was crowded with people hard at work doing whatever it was they did . 
 i found historia instructing some people on a large machine of some type . 
 we walked around the base when she finished . 
 i wanted to ask her about what nara said but i did n't know how . 
 i finally just blurted it out . 
 `` my friend nara told me not to trust you ; she says you all are a bit strange . '' 
 historia nodded in understanding . 
 `` i was afraid of that . 
 these government types do n't understand us . 
 they think we are all obsessed with science fiction and are trying to cause trouble . 
 do n't talk to her about us anymore , she does n't get it . '' 
 `` i do n't think she would lie . '' 
 historia looked taken aback . 
 `` oh , i agree . 
 she did n't lie ; she just has the wrong information . 
 you see leaders are afraid of anyone trying to mess with their rules , and that is exactly what we are doing . 
 we go around bypassing laws to do what needs to be done . 
 leaders get into ruts and arguments where nothing gets done . 
 they try to be too focused on what they want and not what we the citizens need . 
 that 's the cause that we strive for . 
 trust me , hardin , i would never steer you astray of your goal , because it 's our goal too . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i said quietly . 
 i felt a little better about the whole thing after that . 
 i knew historia would help and that 's all i really needed . 
 in fact i felt bad about doubting them . 
 they were the only ones left to help . 
 `` now there 's a bigger issue this morning . '' 
 historia said . 
 `` i did n't feel quite right about you all walking home last night so i sent someone to watch , and we caught one of those people sent by dizuria to kill you in the act . 
 you were lucky i did that . 
 we have him here if you want to ask him something . '' 
 `` the killer ? '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 i felt stupid for not staying with the hunters and going off on my own the night before . 
 it was a good thing she was looking out for me . 
 historia took me to a small room where a man was tied to a chair . 
 it was n't a dizurian i had seen before . 
 he wore the red uniform used for dizurian training in the dome . 
 he had his eyes closed , breathing deeply . 
 there was something different about his face . 
 something that stood out , but i could n't tell what it was . 
 the domer who was in charge of watching him kicked the chair when we arrived . 
 his eyes flew open . 
 his face took the form of a grotesque snarl , something i had never seen before . 
 every muscle in his face was tense , his mouth opened and closed as though yelling , but no noise came out . 
 he struggled against his bindings , his hands twisting with his fingers pointing in every different direction . 
 historia did n't take her eyes off of him . 
 she had a look of intrigue rather than my expression of sympathy . 
 `` he 's undergone something , but we are not sure what . '' 
 `` it 's called dark room training . 
 they use it in dizuria to warp the minds of their soldiers . 
 it turns them vicious . '' 
 `` it 's a sad sight . '' 
 there was no sound of sadness in her voice . 
 for the first time the man 's eyes focused on one thing , and it was me . 
 he began to struggle against the ropes with greater ferocity , emitting low groans and growls . 
 `` he seems to like you . '' 
 `` they were sent specifically to kill me so i guess so . '' 
 `` what did you do to them ? '' 
 `` i still do n't know . '' 
 historia clapped her hands together . 
 `` let 's get going . 
 i think you 've seen enough of this , i know i have . '' 
 upon leaving the room i had a sickness growing in my stomach . 
 the dizurians were being treated just as bad as the humuroms . 
 after we got everyone out of the bunker out i wanted to help the dizurians too , but i was n't sure how just yet . 
 she took me up to a meeting room on the second floor . 
 bivton , the head of technology , was sitting at the table along with a few other people i did n't know . 
 historia went straight into making up a plan . 
 `` alright , ideas , when should we leave and what should we do ? '' 
 `` we should leave as soon as possible . '' 
 i said , taking a seat next to historia . 
 `` i 'm not too sure about that . '' 
 historia said . 
 `` we want to be able to still get out . '' 
 `` true . '' 
 she said slowly . 
 `` but i was thinking that the guards might have the new bracelets on them near the switch over time . 
 we can get them and still get out . 
 that way we can stay as long as we want . 
 that way we can get a few dizurian heads as well . '' 
 this was going a little too far for my taste . 
 `` i only want to get the humurom 's out . 
 i do n't want to start anything . '' 
 historia put her hands up in defense . 
 `` neither do we . 
 see , we are all on the same page here . 
 how about we go in with three full days left ? 
 that 's not tomorrow morning but the morning after that . 
 how does that sound ? '' 
 the others around the table nodded . 
 `` sounds good to me . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` now let 's assign jobs . '' 
 historia said , looking around at everyone . 
 `` hardin , do you think you can locate the bracelets ? 
 you know calrus right ? '' 
 `` yes , but i do n't think he will hand the bracelets over to me . '' 
 `` we do n't need that . 
 we need you to find his lab and see if they are there . 
 that is the one place in the government building we can not get access to . 
 he is very secretive . '' 
 `` i can do that . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she said happily . 
 `` you do that tonight . 
 we 'll take them right before we leave . 
 if all goes well we will get the weapons stash and meet at the wall before dawn on the decided morning . 
 then we can get in before gilik has time to do anything about it . 
 so hardin , now that you know what you need to do why do n't you leave and get some rest for tonight . 
 we can finish up here . 
 best time to go will be tonight right before he goes home , if he goes home . '' 
 there was finality with that that i could not argue . 
 i got up from the table and left the room . 
 i felt a little hesitant , thinking back to what nara had said , but i pushed it from my mind and left anyway . 
 i nervously walked back to the government building . 
 i did not see anybody wearing the red dizurian uniform but i figured not all of them wore it . 
 when i got back i found orin in the lobby , he was heading for the door . 
 i caught him before he could leave . 
 `` how are things in that town of yours ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` great . 
 i 'm just here to talk to gilik . 
 he says you will be joining us soon . '' 
 `` that 's the plan , but i wanted to ask you something real quick . 
 i 'm planning a -- '' he stopped me there . 
 `` no , do n't ask me anything like that . 
 i know what you 're thinking and i ca n't help you . 
 i have too much to do and gilik has too much faith in me for me to do anything foolish . 
 i appreciate everything you 've done for me and i will always have a debt to you , but i just ca n't help . '' 
 i felt stupid for asking . 
 i should have known he would n't leave his bozlins when they needed him to be the bridge between them and gilik . 
 `` i understand . 
 good luck with building all those houses . '' 
 `` thanks , and remember not to do anything stupid . '' 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 i went up to the room to find the hunters waiting on news . 
 i told them what the plan was and how i had to locate the bracelets . 
 they all said they had faith in me and not to screw it up . 
 `` i really ca n't wait . '' 
 lace said . 
 `` this is going to be something special , something someone will write about one day . 
 is there any way we can help ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` just be ready when it 's time to go . '' 
 i looked in the bedroom to see my mother sitting alone on her bed , looking put out about the whole thing . 
 i did n't have anything to say that would make her feel better and so i did n't bother trying . 
 i listened as the hunters talked about the types of fantasies that usually swirled in my head . 
 i hoped that we could get everything done quickly . 
 i imagined how gilik would react when we got back and it was n't pretty . 
 i hoped he would n't be too mad . 
 but i should n't have been worrying about that . 
 everything was set in motion and it was getting to be too late to stop it , and that 's exactly how i wanted it . 
 viii i got up from my nap shortly before dark . 
 i ate a quick dinner by myself . 
 mama was nowhere to be found . 
 the building was quiet as i went down to find calrus ' lab . 
 i did n't have the first clue where to look . 
 i was too afraid to ask anyone in case they got suspicious . 
 i started with the basement . 
 i found several locked doors but nothing to indicate a lab . 
 there was another set of stairs going deeper into the ground where the elevator did n't go . 
 i took that to be a good sign and tried it out . 
 to my surprise and relief i found the lab there . 
 there was a small window in the door and i could see calrus . 
 he had his back to me . 
 i knocked . 
 he turned and smiled at the sight of me . 
 `` oh , hardin , what brings you down here ? '' 
 he said after opening the door . 
 `` i just wanted to ask you a few questions . '' 
 the lab was similar to the one in the domer base . 
 it had several tables with bizarre instruments and machines . 
 `` please come in . '' 
 he locked the door behind me . 
 `` now let 's hear those questions . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` i wanted to know about the keys . '' 
 `` ah , yes . 
 i do n't believe i did a good job explaining that when you first arrived . 
 there are five keys , one from each of the five countries surrounding the dome . 
 all five countries put codes into the keys to bring up the dome . 
 there is a supercomputer underground somewhere secret that controls the dome . 
 now it can only be brought down with all five keys . 
 politics gets in the way and dizuria promised never to lend their key to bring it down . 
 now dizuria claims that their key was put into a vault that they can no longer open . 
 that sounds fishy if you ask me . 
 anyway it can only be brought down with all five keys . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` why ca n't the supercomputer be turned off ? '' 
 `` that 's a very good question . '' 
 he sat on a table and looked ready to teach . 
 `` it is said that the supercomputer can not be turned off without the keys , but i have recently heard different from the president himself . 
 it turns out that is just a cover story . 
 the real reason is more interesting . 
 the computer can be turned off and the dome would run for about one hundred more years before running out of power and either shutting down or exploding , nobody knows which . 
 the reason the computer is kept on is because it can not be turned back on once it is off . 
 and the keys can only be inserted while it is on . 
 so basically it is kept on by azureland and westurnia , the two countries in charge of keeping the computer hidden , in hopes that dizuria will change their mind one day and hand over their key . 
 that way they can insert the keys and the dome will be shut down immediately . 
 now there was talk about the dizurians forgetting to put in a code to bring it down , but you helped us uncover the truth about that . 
 they were just saying that so they could be the only ones with access . 
 the president is hoping to set up a meeting with leric to discuss the diplomats that were killed , but it seems like a long way away if it ever does happen . '' 
 i let what he said soak in . 
 this explanation did make more sense than what he first told me when i arrived in wall city . 
 i wanted to sneak my way into asking about the bracelets but i was n't very good at sneaking . 
 `` right , and what about the bracelets ? 
 the new ones i mean . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` we do n't have the code and so ca n't make them ourselves . 
 i would love the chance though . '' 
 `` i heard you were destroying the others . '' 
 `` afraid so . 
 that was a big investment to make them , but gilik makes the rules . '' 
 `` are they all gone ? '' 
 i asked , growing nervous . 
 `` no , i made thousands . 
 last i checked they have only burned a few hundred . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he studied my posture and expression . 
 i tried to make myself look casual but i probably just looked more nervous . 
 `` they are n't here . '' 
 he said quietly . 
 `` i 've put them in the incinerator room . 
 they are slowly going through them . '' 
 `` you should keep one for fun . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 it came out sounding too forced . 
 he did n't respond . 
 i swallowed awkwardly . 
 `` well it 's getting late , i should be going . '' 
 `` i can walk you out . '' 
 `` no thanks . '' 
 i said . 
 `` do n't let gilik see you . '' 
 i could n't tell if he was joking or not . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 he unlocked the door for me . 
 i took one last look at him . 
 he frowned at me . 
 i could tell there was more in his frown for me to read but i could n't . 
 i thanked him and left . 
 i quietly made my way up to the lobby to get the elevator . 
 it was later than i thought it would be . 
 the lights had been turned off and everyone was gone . 
 someone called my name in the dark lobby . 
 it was historia . 
 `` so where are they ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the incinerator room . '' 
 `` what ? 
 i have someone down there . '' 
 she pulled out the communication device similar to the one nara had . 
 she pointed it at a small table and a face appeared of a man with his hair a mess and smudges on his face . 
 `` hey , '' historia snapped , `` you seen the bracelets down there ? '' 
 the man shook his head . 
 `` no , i have n't . '' 
 historia was quickly losing her patience . 
 `` calrus sent them down there . '' 
 `` oh , maybe that 's what 's in these crates . '' 
 he rummaged around for a minute . 
 `` hey , i found them . '' 
 `` well , bring them back to base . '' 
 she shut off the device . 
 `` i tell you hardin , some people are just really stupid . 
 thank goodness for people like us . 
 we keep this world afloat . '' 
 i nodded , not sure how to respond . 
 `` i 'll see you tomorrow , hardin . 
 come by in the morning for more preparation . '' 
 she disappeared into the darkness on the way to the door . 
 i was about to go to the elevator but she came back . 
 `` oh , and one more thing . 
 be extra careful outside , i know you know that , but please . 
 those dizurians are ruthless people that will stop at nothing to get you . 
 i do n't know if it 's because you were the first one out or what . '' 
 `` i 'll be careful . '' 
 `` and hardin , i want you to know how much you 've contributed . 
 calrus is very secretive about his lab . 
 if you did n't know him i do n't know what we would have done . '' 
 she smiled broadly , instantly changing her tone . 
 `` it 's been a dream of every domer to go in and see what 's in there , and because of you we can . 
 if things go south in there , well , i just wanted you to know that . '' 
 she nodded and walked away again . 
 i went up to the room to find mama already in bed . 
 i promised to talk to her in the morning to make sure everything was alright . 
 i did not want to leave and have to think about how she was mad at me for going . 
 i plopped down on the couch and closed my eyes . 
 i thought back to what nara said again . 
 she thought the domers were crazy . 
 instead they appeared to me to be a very organized and focused group ready to help people in ways the government never could . 
 that 's what i chose to believe . 
 i could n't think of them any other way , not if i wanted to trust them enough to help . 
 and it was with that thought that i drifted off to sleep . 
 ix mama was still asleep when i got up . 
 i promised to talk to her later . 
 i ate something quick out of the fridge and went downstairs . 
 the lobby was once again full of people going about their morning routines . 
 i went for the doors but stopped when i saw historia sitting in the corner staring at me . 
 at first i wondered if she had spent the night there but upon further inspection i saw she was wearing different clothes so probably not . 
 i went up to greet her . 
 `` are we staying here today ? '' 
 she shifted uneasily in her chair . 
 `` no , but maybe you should see gilik before you leave , make sure he is n't going to change his mind . '' 
 i looked at her suspiciously . 
 `` i doubt he would . '' 
 she chuckled in a similar way i did the night before , forced and awkward . 
 `` you 're probably right . 
 i just came by to tell you that we are actually going to meet this afternoon at the base . 
 so if you want to do something until then ... '' she trailed off . 
 `` i will , i 'll meet you there . '' 
 i said . 
 she got up and left the building . 
 i looked after her . 
 something was up . 
 had something gone wrong and she did n't want to tell me ? 
 i hoped not . 
 i sat down in the chair she vacated and thought some things over . 
 i had the morning to myself and was n't sure what to do . 
 i did n't want to see the hunters . 
 for some reason their excitement was starting to annoy me . 
 i mean , we were going into a possible battle . 
 after a few more minutes of thinking and reflecting i decided that historia may be right about talking to gilik . 
 i did n't want to ask if he was going to change his mind , but i still wanted to talk . 
 a little while later i found myself in front of nara down the hall from gilik 's office . 
 `` can i see gilik ? '' 
 `` i 'll check if he 's busy . 
 did you find anything out about the domers ? '' 
 that question angered me more than it should have . 
 `` yes , but that 's not what i wanted to talk about . 
 and i do n't think that they are as bad as you say . 
 you can meet me at their base this afternoon and i will prove it to you . 
 it is at 5000 goldrose rd. '' `` no thanks . '' 
 she tapped a pencil against her desk , thinking . 
 `` go in if you want . '' 
 i entered the office . 
 gilik looked startlingly happy considering what he was probably going through with the diplomats . 
 i assumed he was just happy to soon be rid of me . 
 `` hardin , have everything packed ? 
 i want you to move out to the bozlin town soon . '' 
 `` we 'll be ready . 
 i 've been thinking about what you 've done for us lately . 
 thank you so much for all of that . 
 i know it 's taken a lot of time and effort and we really appreciate it . '' 
 he looked surprised at this . 
 his smile grew wider . 
 `` i 'm glad i could help . 
 this has been a whirlwind for all of us . 
 tempers have risen , but i think this will turn out well for all of us . '' 
 `` i agree . '' 
 i said . 
 and i actually believed it . 
 `` now all that 's left is to decide the date you want your journey ship voyage to start . '' 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 `` we can still go ? '' 
 gilik laughed . 
 `` i said you could . '' 
 `` thank you , again . '' 
 `` not a problem . 
 i 'll tell nara to get it scheduled . 
 i might even give her time off to go with you . '' 
 `` that would be wonderful . '' 
 i hoped he would still let us go after we came back out of the wall . 
 his desk buzzed . 
 `` i should take this . 
 i 'll be seeing you . '' 
 i thanked him again and left the office . 
 i felt bad about going behind his back , but it had to be done . 
 i could n't believe how happy he seemed . 
 perhaps it was because the president was going to meet with leric and he did n't have to worry about the diplomats anymore . 
 whatever it was i was glad we had a friendlier conversation than last time . 
 back in the lobby i was beginning to get hungry again . 
 i felt safe to go outside that time of the morning with so many people out . 
 i started from the building and saw historia standing across the street . 
 she saw me and began to stare again . 
 i was afraid she had something bad to tell me so i started across the street to her . 
 halfway across a giant explosion rocked the air . 
 i stumbled forward . 
 i looked up to see glass and debris falling down towards me . 
 i ran across the street and into an office building . 
 historia followed me in . 
 she stood next to me , looking up at the government building , her mouth hanging open . 
 several floors were emitting smoke and flames . 
 it was a good distance below where mama was . 
 i was n't worrying about that yet . 
 `` what floor is that ? '' 
 i asked quietly to no one in particular . 
 `` i think it 's near gilik 's office . '' 
 my first thought was n't for gilik , but for nara . 
 when it dawned on me that she was up there i ran back across the street and into the building . 
 people were streaming out . 
 they were yelling and screaming , their faces wrought with terror . 
 i bypassed everyone and started for the back stairs . 
 it was hard to climb up with everyone pushing down . 
 i made it up several floors and began to see the smoke . 
 i was getting close . 
 a woman was helping someone down the stairs . 
 it was nara . 
 she looked badly burned . 
 she was in too much shock to be able to talk to me . 
 i asked the woman where the bomb went off . 
 `` gilik . '' 
 was all she said . 
 i stopped on the stairs to give her room to take nara down to the care wing . 
 it was starting to slowly sink in . 
 gilik was dead . 
 there was no way up to the higher floors . 
 i ran down the stairs with everyone else . 
 i needed to find someone who could help to get mama down . 
 the lobby was full of firefighters when i got there , heading for the stairs . 
 i told them about my mother and they promised they would help . 
 they were evacuating the building and forced me to leave . 
 i went back across the street where historia still stood . 
 `` dizuria will stop at nothing . '' 
 she said when i joined her again . 
 `` they could have gotten you there . 
 that was probably the idea . 
 they must have hacked into our audio of gilik 's office . '' 
 i was breathing hard , unable to gather my thoughts . 
 `` i was just ... just talking to him . 
 seconds before . '' 
 `` and you got out in time , be thankful . '' 
 i turned to her . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 she nodded slowly . 
 `` the city will now be run by the council , as it was intended . 
 they will figure it out . 
 hardin , i hope you see that we need to leave in the morning . 
 things will be different now . 
 gilik was your protection . 
 now the domers will have to be . 
 i have to leave and make sure no domers were killed . 
 do n't forget to meet at the base this evening . '' 
 she left me standing there , alone and afraid . 
 i tried to get back into the building to go to the care wing . 
 i was directed around the corner where there was another entrance . 
 to my immense relief i saw the hunters and mama waiting for me . 
 we all embraced and said how scared we were . 
 the doctors tried to get us to leave . 
 instead we went to stud 's room . 
 he had surgery the night before . 
 he was sitting up when we got there . 
 i could tell by the look of his sheets that his legs were gone . 
 i told them what happened and what historia said . 
 none of us could believe that gilik was gone . 
 we did n't know what to do or how to react . 
 we could only hope that whoever took over would be just as good to us as gilik was . 
 we spent the afternoon in a daze . 
 there was n't much talk . 
 no one felt like doing anything but sit quietly and listen to the doctors and nurses running about . 
 it took several hours but eventually things did settle down a bit as those with minor injuries were sent home . 
 when i felt it safe i walked around the care wing looking for nara . 
 every room was filled with the not so fortunate . 
 the blast was centered in gilik 's office but managed to take out half the floor along with the ones above and below . 
 two people died and over twenty were seriously injured . 
 i looked into one room to see a man almost completely covered in bandages . 
 i turned away , hoping to find nara in better shape . 
 she was in a room with two other burn victims . 
 one of the patients had their families with them . 
 i took that to mean i could go in . 
 nara had her eyes closed , a bandage covering the right side of her face . 
 she opened her eyes when i sat down next to her bed . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 i asked , taking her hand , which also had a bandage . 
 `` been better . '' 
 she said quietly . 
 `` i 'm sorry about what happened . '' 
 `` it was n't your fault . '' 
 i leaned in in close so no one could overhear . 
 `` i came by to say that i 'm going in the wall tomorrow with the domers . 
 it 's the only way to save humurom . '' 
 `` i wo n't tell you not to . '' 
 `` we 'll take our chances ; it 's all we can do . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i went back to stud 's room to give nara time to rest . 
 morome had gone out to find out if we can go back to our rooms . 
 he returned a while later . 
 no one was allowed in the building . 
 we had to spend the night in a hotel nearby . 
 it was one of the hotels the bozlins took up when they arrived in wall city . 
 when visiting hours ended we made our way to the hotel . 
 we were unable to go back to our rooms while officials investigated the building . 
 that did n't sound good for the domers . 
 we checked into our rooms in the hotel and i went to the domer base by myself . 
 it was n't the best decision but i was n't in my right mind that night . 
 as time went on i felt the scope of what happened . 
 our greatest ally was gone . 
 killed in a bomb blast set by the dizurians . 
 it was making sense now . 
 first they killed the diplomats and now they killed the mayor . 
 they want to punish wall city for harboring me . 
 there was a sense of sadness in the domer bunker . 
 historia found me and dragged me into a small room . 
 `` everything 's a mess now . '' 
 she began , pacing the tiny room . 
 `` all i can say is that we need to be in there before dawn . 
 everyone 's not going in at the same place . 
 we have enough bracelets for three hundred . 
 we can switch the bracelets out but not in the city . 
 there will only be fifty to go in from here . 
 hardin , you and your team will be in that group . 
 after that we will go in and save the humuroms . 
 weapons will be needed so every soldier needs a gun . 
 if those dizurian guards are as tough as we think then we will need all the advantage we can get . 
 hardin , you will then lead us to humurom . 
 we will return when we get the humurom 's out . 
 the council can deal with us then . '' 
 `` sounds like a good plan . '' 
 `` is everyone ready ? '' 
 `` yes , i just want to get this all over with . '' 
 `` it will be soon . 
 we need to get in before anybody can start blaming you . '' 
 this is the first i 've heard of this . 
 `` why would they blame me ? '' 
 `` you were the last one in there . '' 
 she said simply . 
 `` but they ca n't blame me . '' 
 `` and you do n't have any papers . '' 
 i was beginning to get scared . 
 `` i have people who can tell them . '' 
 `` once we are in there you do n't have to worry about it . '' 
 `` we 'll be there before dawn . '' 
 `` good , see you there . '' 
 i was n't needed for anything else . 
 historia sent someone behind me so i could get back to the hotel safely . 
 mama was the only one in the room . 
 it was nicer than the one in the government building . 
 there were two beds . 
 i missed the couch . 
 it would be harder for me to get up from a nice warm bed . 
 `` the others came by to say that they would be ready before dawn . '' 
 mama said when i entered the room . 
 she still looked upset about it all . 
 this was my last chance to talk with her before leaving . 
 i sat down on the bed next to her . 
 `` can we talk first ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` i do n't want you to be mad at me for going in . '' 
 she shook her head as though i could never understand . 
 `` i 'm not mad at you for trying to help . 
 i just do n't understand why you have to go in yourself . '' 
 `` i have to show them how to get to humurom . '' 
 `` lace and morome can do that . '' 
 `` i have to do this . 
 you 've been through me leaving before . 
 it will be just like that . '' 
 she slid across the bed away from me . 
 `` when i was laying in that bed in our residence somebody came in and told me you were dead . 
 at first i was devastated , but then i realized something . 
 i was almost gone myself , and then i would be with you again and free of pain . 
 i welcomed death . 
 when you came back with news of some kind of wonderland and that pill i actually thought i had died for a little bit . 
 it was so much better than anything i could have imagined . 
 when you went back in to save the bozlins i had a good feeling about it , i knew you had to go . 
 i do n't have that feeling now . 
 i ca n't explain it but i have a really bad feeling about it . 
 i ca n't lose you again , i ca n't go through that a second time . '' 
 i took her hand . 
 `` i do n't have the greatest feeling about this either , especially after what happened today , but i have to do this . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i 'll be back before you know it . '' 
 she put her arms around me . 
 `` i know i need to trust you . 
 you 've come through before . '' 
 mama and i talked things over for a little while . 
 we reminisced about all the times we had in the bunker when i was little , before she got sick . 
 it started to get late and i had to get to sleep . 
 i promised many more times that i would be back . 
 the bed was too comfortable . 
 i hoped i would be able to get up in the morning . 
 my watch read a little over three days remaining . 
 i tried to get to sleep . 
 my mind was filled with thought , one rising above the rest . 
 gilik . 
 it was n't until that day that i realized how much we needed him . 
 he was one of the few people i could trust . 
 he gave us a room and had us feeling safe when nothing was safe around us . 
 i only wished that i could have thanked him for more . 
 i wished that i could have gotten him out . 
 the times were sure to change . 
 i feared it , but i had other problems that night . 
 i tried my hardest to get my mind cleared . 
 but when did it ever work before ? 
 eventually i fell asleep . 
 when i got up in the morning i felt horrible . 
 there were no remnants of a dream . 
 it was the day ahead that made me feel so bad . 
 if only i could have gone back to sleep until i could get up and feel better . 
 this was it ; there was nothing else to do . 
 i got up and looked out the window at the dome . 
 would it be the last time i saw it from the outside ? 
 x mama was asleep . 
 i did n't want to wake her . 
 i quietly left the room and went up to see how the others were doing . 
 they were already ready . 
 peter wished us luck and went back to bed . 
 the rest of us made our way to the wall . 
 there were no guards , instead historia and a few other people i did n't know were standing across the small bridge at the base of the dome . 
 historia told us not to worry about gilik 's guards ; they had more important things to attend to that morning , whatever that meant . 
 historia looked us over and nodded . 
 `` domers have been going in all night from various places ; they will be meeting us somewhere nearby . 
 you ready ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i answered . 
 my name was called from somewhere behind me . 
 i turned and saw theen coming toward us . 
 i had n't seen him since we got back from the dizurian training camp inside the dome . 
 his curly hair was shorter than the last time i saw him . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i said ; glad to see another familiar face . 
 `` i got recruited just yesterday for my knowledge of dizuria . 
 i sure would like to teach them a thing or two after what they did to gilik . '' 
 i had forgotten that he was born a dizurian . 
 the domers were right , his insight may prove valuable . 
 i introduced everybody to theen . 
 historia came by and handed everybody guns and bracelets . 
 i accepted the gun but had no intention of firing it . 
 i slung the strap across my shoulders and put the bracelet on . 
 we were all ready to go . 
 the domers started in , followed by the hunters and then theen . 
 i looked back to the city one final time . 
 historia came up and put her hand on my shoulder . 
 `` our worlds are meeting . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i 've waited my whole life to see inside . 
 here it goes . '' 
 she slowly walked up to the wall and put her wrist up to it , vanishing . 
 i took a deep breath and followed . 
 my wrist found the swirls of light swimming around in the wall and i disappeared through . 
 my senses were overloaded in the first instant . 
 bright lights and loud noises overtook me . 
 it took several seconds for my eyes to adjust to what was happening . 
 everyone was yelling , guns were going off , nawings exploded into the forest , setting it on fire . 
 i ran to my left . 
 i did n't know where anybody was or who i could trust . 
 bodies covered the ground ; some too badly burned or disfigured to distinguish . 
 the domers were wearing all different kinds of clothes so i could n't find a group that i was willing to trust . 
 i looked for the hunters but i could n't make them out . 
 i put my head down and ran away from the fire and gunshots to where i felt safe . 
 i tripped over a body . 
 my hands and knees scraped the ground and stung . 
 at first i thought someone had tripped me and was about to shoot . 
 but who would trip me and then shoot ? 
 i got back up and ran towards something black . 
 it was a flash in the trees but i could make out a black garment that wove its way through the forest . 
 i knew that the dizurians would n't be wearing black ; it must have been a domer . 
 i never got a good look at what anybody was wearing . 
 i wished i had . 
 i could have been running in the wrong direction . 
 the black stopped and i closed in . 
 it was lace . 
 she wore a dull black jacket . 
 when she saw me she grabbed my arm and led me to a bush where we hid . 
 `` i ca n't believe i wore this thing . '' 
 she said angrily , taking off the jacket . 
 `` i saw historia and morome heading over here somewhere . 
 let 's see if we can find them . '' 
 lace and i started away from the commotion . 
 the sounds of nawings and guns soon began to quiet . 
 we were going the right way . 
 some five minutes later we came upon historia , theen , and the other hunters . 
 `` we are going to wait here and let the experienced domers take care of the rest . '' 
 historia said when we joined them . 
 the guns became less frequent , and so did the crashes . 
 domers emerged from the trees and joined us , including bivton . 
 as they trickled in , some looking bloody , historia got accounts of what was happening . 
 with every new person came news and most of it was good . 
 finally someone showed up who said the dizurians had turned back . 
 historia then made her next announcement . 
 `` alright , hardin , lead the way . '' 
 i tried to get my bearings . 
 we were n't in an area i was used to . 
 i judged where we were and began walking in the direction i hoped was right . 
 it would take a while for me to be sure . 
 theen came up to keep me company . 
 `` you know this does n't really look different from the side we were on . '' 
 `` no , it really does n't . '' 
 i said absentmindedly . 
 i was so afraid to be walking the wrong way that i did n't even pay any attention to what he had said . 
 `` i hope that we can get in and out quick . '' 
 he continued . 
 i heard that perfectly well . 
 `` me too . '' 
 i kept my ears tuned to hear nawings . 
 either no other guards heard us or they were n't coming to get us because i did n't hear anything as long as we walked through that forest . 
 just as i was about to give up and tell historia i did n't know where i was going the clearing appeared . 
 fields stretched in all directions . 
 the grass was growing taller now that the bozlins were not here to keep it trimmed . 
 i led the way to one of the grates in the ground . 
 everyone gathered around . 
 `` this is bozlin . 
 you can use this as a medical base if you want . 
 it should still be empty . '' 
 historia surveyed the grate . 
 `` how do we get in ? '' 
 i showed them what to do . 
 i shot down into the metal hallway . 
 it seemed empty . 
 in just a few minutes the hallway was filled with domers . 
 they set up a small medical area with the few supplies they brought with them . 
 i wanted to get away and have some time to regroup after that battle . 
 i volunteered to go down and see if there was any more fruit on the trees . 
 dala came with me . 
 she wanted to explore the place humurom was scared of for so many years . 
 i was hoping dala wanted to talk on the way down but she was never the socializing type . 
 instead she commented on the looks of the place . 
 she was surprised at how big it was and was envious that they had so much room . 
 `` i probably would n't have become a hunter if i had this much room growing up . '' 
 she said . 
 i nodded . 
 i remembered how envious i was of them the first time i saw their bunker . 
 `` do you have a bad feeling about something ? '' 
 i asked , halfway down to the trees . 
 `` who does n't after that fight ? '' 
 `` i mean about this whole thing . '' 
 she looked at me quizzically . 
 `` was n't this what you always wanted ? '' 
 she was right . 
 i had always wanted this . 
 i remember telling milton about making peace with the cityers , not knowing how complicated that really was . 
 the trees were right where the bozlins left them . 
 small oranges were growing on some of the trees . 
 dala and i picked what we could carry and started back up . 
 the silence was strange , but it was a good silence . 
 i hoped to hear humurom be silent soon . 
 `` it 's spooky down here . '' 
 dala said , shivering . 
 `` it 's hard to believe that we are here . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` it 's just another place . '' 
 she evidently was n't feeling the same awe that i did in there . 
 we got lost multiple times coming back . 
 without orin to lead me i got confused easily . 
 when we made it back the oranges disappeared almost instantly . 
 historia was ready to get moving . 
 `` when will we get to humurom ? '' 
 `` tomorrow . '' 
 `` no chance getting there today ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 she sighed . 
 `` let 's move out . '' 
 it took another few minutes to get everyone out of bozlin . 
 several people with medical training stayed behind so the humurom 's had a place to spend the night and get medical attention if they needed it before arriving in wall city . 
 the rest of the troupe followed me to humurom . 
 like the much smaller group i took the first time through that land , they started to be less engaged in keeping their guard up . 
 quiet muttering grew to large conversations before too long . 
 by the time we reached the burned town , now just a pile of burned wood , they no longer even cared to keep their voices down . 
 i told historia about my concerns , but she told me not to worry . 
 she was convinced they worked better while loose . 
 i tied to look past it . 
 she knew them better than i did . 
 my concerns moved from being too loud to wondering why we had n't been attacked again . 
 my mind brought forth a conversation i had with milton in a time long since gone . 
 `` we could bring our families , maybe a few extra . '' 
 i had said . 
 `` that 's enough of that ... can you imagine all those people moving ? 
 it 'd be a migration ; we 'd get blown away just like all the others . '' 
 milton had told me . 
 he was right , i thought . 
 back then the dizurians were everywhere . 
 hunters could n't go out without the possibility of getting killed , and now i had journeyed through open landscapes several times without much of problem , save for right at the wall . 
 i thought for sure hundreds of people moving all around would get the dizurians out trying to stop us , unless they did n't care about us . 
 but why would they not ? 
 it started to get late . 
 the sun lowered and the dome began to get dark . 
 we were n't too far at that point , but it was a good idea to rest . 
 historia ordered everyone to stop . 
 the domers now vastly outnumbered the group i had seen in bozlin . 
 they had been contacting other groups that came through in different areas . 
 this was the whole pack now . 
 there must have been seven hundred people there . 
 they did n't look like much . 
 some were business types , others young students , and some were older and retired . 
 historia and i found a soft spot of dirt away from everyone else . 
 we sat and watched as the dome darkened . 
 `` i ca n't believe we have n't been attacked again . '' 
 she said , echoing my thoughts . 
 `` they must be waiting for something . '' 
 `` to see what we do . '' 
 she laid back , her head on a bag of extra clothes . 
 `` it sure is nice in here . '' 
 she said quietly . 
 `` nice ? '' 
 out of all the words i could have chosen , nice was not one of them . 
 `` did you see that burned town back there ? '' 
 `` i did , but i still like it . 
 i 've tried to curb my expectations . 
 when i was younger i thought i would find a city of mutants all living together in harmony , something i always wished the outside world could do . '' 
 `` if it makes you feel any better we lived in relative harmony for over one hundred years . '' 
 i said . 
 she looked at me ; i could see serenity in her face . 
 `` the truth can never be as interesting as the fiction . 
 i knew that . 
 it 's just that this place had hope for me . 
 i was n't really wanted at home . 
 those stories were all i had . 
 i wanted nothing more than to get in and live with those mutants . 
 some were twelve feet tall and others were only a few inches . 
 and now i 'm here . '' 
 `` it must be nice . '' 
 i had a feeling she felt the same way i did while sitting in the government building my first night in azureland . 
 historia went to sleep soon after and i did as well . 
 before i knew it i was being shaken awake . 
 it was still dark . 
 someone handed me an orange and i started to peel it , still unsure about what was going on . 
 i could n't see a thing and had to listen closely to hear what everyone else was doing . 
 we were on the move again . 
 i stood up and started walking . 
 hearing where everyone else was i figured humurom was in the direction away from all the voices . 
 historia had to yell at me for me to realize nobody could see me moving . 
 i called out every now and then so they knew which way i was going . 
 someone finally came up with a flashlight . 
 i pointed it to the ground so they could see where i was . 
 the sun rose a short time later . 
 i was surprised to see where we were . 
 we were just about to enter the destroyed town with the church and the bunker . 
 this was a hit with the domers . 
 it was the closest thing to what they had read about . 
 we came to what was left of the church and i stood near the cross i set in the ground . 
 this was another opportunity to grow my reputation with them . 
 i told the story about how milton was killed . 
 i made sure they knew that 's how everything started . 
 without that pivotal event i probably would still be in the bunker . 
 they cheered for me and i was ready to lead them on . 
 we came to the fake mountain . 
 historia looked it over . 
 `` how do we get in ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that 's the hard part . 
 there is a door up there , but it is really thick . 
 there is a small hollow part in the center so the people inside can hear when we knock . 
 it 's kind of strange if you think about it . '' 
 `` think you can show me that ? '' 
 i agreed and led the way up the ladder . 
 she brought a small bag up with her . 
 `` this is it . '' 
 i said at the door . 
 `` and you say there is a hollow part ? '' 
 i showed her where it was on the door . 
 she took something mechanical looking out of her bag and stuck it to the door . 
 `` you might want to get down , fast . '' 
 i got back on the ladder and hurried down . 
 i do n't know what that thing was but i had a feeling i needed to get my distance . 
 she followed me down . 
 `` everyone cover your ears . '' 
 she insisted . 
 i did . 
 a loud explosion rocked the area . 
 i looked up and saw a giant hole in the door . 
 from the ground it looked just big enough to crawl through . 
 this was it . 
 we were in . 
 xi i did n't want everyone in at once . 
 the explosion probably shocked the humurom 's more than i could imagine . 
 as we discussed what to do on the ground they probably thought the cityers were attacking . 
 i made a quick decision to only let the hunters , historia , and theen in at first . 
 i did n't want a whole bunch of people i did n't know rushing the place . 
 the small group started up the ladder . 
 upon closer inspection the hole in the door was a good four feet around , plenty of room for us to squeeze in . 
 the first noise i heard was coughing . 
 no one was near the door ; in fact there was no one in sight . 
 i could hear the echo of footsteps . 
 a part of me was relieved that there was somebody left to save . 
 i went up to the railing that looked down to the dining area seven stories below . 
 instead of the tables i was used to it was filled with beds . 
 there were a few others walking around to the beds . 
 some looked up at me . 
 they were not in any state to run away or hide . 
 from that distance i could tell that the ones in the beds were very sick . 
 i could smell the horrible concoctions the medics created to help the sick . 
 we started down to the dining area . 
 no one stopped us . 
 occasionally we would walk by people on the ramps leading down . 
 they might give us a dirty look but nobody got out of the way . 
 they were worse than just sick , they were hopeless . 
 on the ground floor i could see that some of the people were even worse off than mama was . 
 they were all varying degrees of emaciated . 
 historia handed out medicine to the hunters and they went around giving it out . 
 no one stopped them . 
 i stood on a chair i found . 
 all eyes turned to me . 
 people came out of their residence 's at the sound of thick leather shoes on the metal floors , something different than the deer hide they were used to . 
 when i thought enough people were watching i started . 
 `` we are here to rescue you . '' 
 i began . 
 at that same moment a familiar face appeared at the railing several stories above . 
 `` it 's a trick . '' 
 matilik yelled . 
 `` they 've come to kill you all . '' 
 `` it 's not a trick . '' 
 i yelled back . 
 `` it 's all true . 
 we 've never been better . 
 here , maybe this will help . '' 
 i pointed to lace who held a large bag of food , including fruit , chocolate , and bread . 
 she began to give them out to the people she felt were well enough to eat . 
 their eyes lit up at the taste of something that was real and had flavor , everything nutrition lacked . 
 a woman came up to me . 
 she looked healthy compared to everyone else . 
 `` are you sure it 's safe ? '' 
 she said . 
 i knelt down . 
 `` of course it is . 
 and if you come with us you never have to come back here again . 
 we will take everyone to a better place where this food is available at all times . '' 
 that 's all i had to say . 
 the humurom 's talked excitedly amongst themselves at the possibilities . 
 matilik could be heard thundering through the halls trying to get down to us . 
 when he emerged he looked livid . 
 this time i did n't have to listen to him , he was no longer my leader . 
 `` you will leave here at once . '' 
 he snarled . 
 i looked sadly at him . 
 the moment a hole was blasted in the door he lost all his power . 
 `` there is nothing you can say now . '' 
 i looked at morome and he nodded . 
 he raised his gun and escorted matilik into the kitchens . 
 things had gotten so desperate that the humurom 's were willing to follow us almost blindly . 
 historia went up and called some domers in . 
 in a matter of minutes most of humurom was leaving the bunker for the first time in their lives . 
 no one put up a fight and there was n't a single one of them that wanted to stay . 
 i went from room to room to make sure everyone was leaving . 
 most of them left with nothing . 
 they did n't have much and did n't have anything to put it in anyways . 
 i found my old residence . 
 it had been untouched since mama left with me several months before . 
 it still smelled horrible , like stale nasty concoctions . 
 i sat down on mama 's old bed and on my old mat . 
 it was surreal , as though i was entering a dream i had n't had in a long time . 
 i hoped mama was n't too worried about me . 
 i 'm sure peter and stud were keeping her company . 
 i almost forgot about matilik . 
 i wanted him to come as well . 
 i knew he felt it was his duty to preserve humurom , but i felt he was more the misguided idealist rather than the cold hearted leader others might think . 
 i went into the kitchens looking for him . 
 i passed the nutrition machine and wanted very much to destroy it . 
 i then passed the old sink i washed dishes in before i became a hunter . 
 he was nowhere to be found . 
 and then i remembered the path that left the metal bunker and went underground to a spring where they got their fresh water . 
 i had n't been down there in a very long time . 
 it was a rocky tunnel that twisted deep into the ground . 
 i found matilik at the end , sitting near the pool of water . 
 he jumped up when he saw me . 
 `` do you know what you are doing ? '' 
 he growled . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` you 're not seeing it right . '' 
 `` i see you condemning the rest of humurom . '' 
 `` i 'm saving humurom . '' 
 i assured him . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` the idea ! 
 it 's the idea of humurom that you are killing . 
 do you think any of these people will care about where they came from ? '' 
 i wished i could have answered honestly , but truth be told i did n't want to consider myself a humurom anymore , why would anyone else . 
 `` you do n't know that they wo n't . 
 come with us and start the new humurom . 
 azureland has given us land and they are currently building a town . 
 be a part of that . '' 
 his frown turned into confusion . 
 he had never thought of a new humurom . 
 the idea puzzled him and i was glad to see the sudden change on his face . 
 the frown returned . 
 `` i took an oath to protect my home . '' 
 `` then help me protect it ! '' 
 i pleaded . 
 `` you are just making things worse by staying . 
 if you come you can still be the leader . '' 
 he did n't believe that one bit , and neither did i. `` they would never listen to me out there . 
 i 've gone too far in here . '' 
 `` then come outside and be just another humurom . '' 
 he walked around the pool of water , his hands on his head . 
 `` no no , i ca n't leave . 
 this is where i belong i ca n't leave . '' 
 `` no one is going to blame you . 
 you 'll see when you get out . 
 you did your best . 
 they know that . '' 
 he pressed his palms against his eyes . 
 `` they 'll kill me . 
 they 've wanted to , i know they have . 
 i had to create a security office . 
 i needed it to keep people in line . '' 
 it was my turn to frown . 
 `` how many people did you push down that hole ? '' 
 he looked at me as though there was no way i could understand . 
 `` that had to be done . '' 
 `` none of this had to be done . 
 now come on , i promise that you will be safe . 
 i will personally protect you . '' 
 he looked like he was in the middle of losing his mind . 
 his eyes opened wide and he began to mumble incoherently . 
 `` i must stay . 
 i have to stay '' was all i could understand . 
 it was time for me to light a fire under him . 
 `` the cityers will be here in a few days . 
 if you stay they will kill you without a second thought and humurom 's last bunker leader will not get to see his country to a new and fresh beginning . '' 
 he looked at me for a long time . 
 his mouth opened and closed many times before anymore sound came out . 
 `` i 'll ... i 'll , i do n't know . '' 
 this was beginning to seem hopeless . 
 time was running out . 
 i did n't want to leave him there alone but at the same time i was not going to force him to leave after all the things he did . 
 i was going to try one more time . 
 if he still did n't want to go then i would be forced to leave . 
 `` we have an army to fight the cityers if they attack . 
 if you come you can fight them off and be a hero . 
 do you want to come ? '' 
 he shook his head violently . 
 `` no , no , i ca n't . '' 
 he sat down next to the water again . 
 he looked to be in a daze . 
 `` i 'm not going to force you to come . 
 this is your last chance . 
 will you come ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he whispered . 
 i nodded and turned to go . 
 then an idea hit me . 
 i took off my bracelet and threw it to him . 
 `` if you change your mind then put that on . 
 if you go down the ladder and then walk straight , you will eventually come to a wall . 
 with that on you can pass through the wall and appear in azureland . 
 please come . 
 i do n't want the cityers to kill anybody , not even you . '' 
 i gave him one final sad look and left him there . 
 i tried not to feel bad about it , but i did . 
 he may have been a crummy leader , but he was the crummy leader that i grew up with . 
 the one that let me and the hunters out on the journey to find food and ended up finding azureland . 
 but i could not look past the bad things he had done . 
 he shoved me down the hole into the bomb room , beat stud and threw him down the same hole , and kept all of his people trapped when i came back to get mama and was willing to take more people . 
 it was his decision now , and i hoped he would put the bracelet on and follow us . 
 humurom was almost empty when i got back to the kitchens . 
 i took one last look around and watched as the final few humurom 's were helped down the ladder . 
 i was the last one to leave . 
 i looked back down at all the floors below and heard the silence i had wanted to hear , but it came at a price . 
 with so many sick i wondered how many would actually make it to the wall . 
 the door had been opened from the inside to help the sick out . 
 i looked out from the top of the bunker . 
 about one hundred domers were helping the humurom 's back the way we came . 
 about half had a humurom with them , the rest were there in case the dizurians attacked . 
 from the looks of it there were only around fifty humurom 's left , meaning almost half had died . 
 this sickness outbreak was even worse than the one that occurred when i was little . 
 i bet the doctors in the care wing would be surprised seeing all of them coming in the door . 
 i climbed down the ladder , feeling like i finally accomplished what i had set out to do . 
 i could now sleep in peace without feeling like i had failed my original home . 
 the domers that were left gave me a round of applause when i got to the ground . 
 it felt great . 
 i thanked them for everything they did . 
 historia came up to me , the only one still clapping . 
 `` we 've got everybody . 
 is there anything else you want to do here ? '' 
 i sighed happily . 
 `` no , all my good memories are now in azureland . '' 
 xii lace came up to me next . 
 `` my parents were sick , but still alive . 
 thank you for putting this together . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 it was time to decide what to do next . 
 we should have all been moving out to be guard for the humurom 's . 
 historia wandered away to talk with bivton . 
 i came up right as she was calling everyone to listen in . 
 i went up and stood nearby , my mood rising every second . 
 `` that was good work by all . 
 well done everybody . '' 
 there was another round of applause . 
 `` now we -- '' a quiet buzzing hit our ears . 
 it was the unmistakable sound of a nawing . 
 it flew over our heads , turned , and flew back the way it came , the direction of the castle where the dizurians were based . 
 `` they are on to us . '' 
 she announced . 
 my good feelings fell away . 
 `` if we can hurry maybe we can get to the wall before they get to us . '' 
 she thought it over for a while . 
 `` we head in that direction . '' 
 i nodded , and then realized which direction she was pointing . 
 her arm was outstretched in the direction the nawing was going . 
 `` what ? 
 we have to get back to the wall . 
 we are running out of time . 
 my watch says ... '' i looked down at my watch for the first time since being in the dome . 
 it was no longer working . 
 something in there must have been interfering with it . 
 `` i think we should have another day left . '' 
 `` if they know we are here then we have to head them off to give the humurom 's time to get out . 
 if we go with them then the battle will be all around them . 
 it 's the only way they can get out . '' 
 `` no , if we do that we could get stuck here . 
 i say we go to the wall now . '' 
 the domers kept their eyes peeled to historia . 
 `` you can do that , and we 'll head them off . '' 
 `` we have to go back . '' 
 i implored , looking around for support . 
 i was n't getting any . 
 `` let 's take a vote . '' 
 historia suggested . 
 `` everyone who wants to head them off start in that direction . 
 those who want to go back stay with hardin . '' 
 everyone started walking away from me . 
 i stood by , hoping some small group would think my idea was better . 
 not even the hunters believed that . 
 without even acknowledging me they went with the domers . 
 theen was the first to stand by me . 
 he would be the only . 
 before leaving historia came up to me . 
 `` think about it , hardin . 
 they have hundreds of mindless killers . 
 you saw firsthand how they act . 
 if they know who did this they might unleash them in azureland . 
 now i think that we can head them off and defeat as many as possible before a whole war breaks out . '' 
 `` you mean kill as many as possible . '' 
 `` what is your problem with this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i know what it 's like to lose someone through fighting . 
 i do n't want any more people to go through that . '' 
 `` then help us make sure no azure has to go through that . '' 
 and with that she left us standing there . 
 i watched as the domers went straight towards what was sure to become a horrible fight . 
 i did n't want anything to do with it , and yet i could n't turn myself around and go back to the wall . 
 i needed to know what happened and see if there was any way i could help . 
 `` so what do we do ? '' 
 theen asked . 
 `` let 's follow them . 
 i 'm beginning to see why i had a bad feeling about this trip . '' 
 we waited until they were at least a half mile away and started in the same direction . 
 i did n't have a great feeling about it , but something pushed me on towards danger . 
 that day was spent quietly following the domers as they marched across what used to be the country of humurom . 
 we made sure to stay far enough away so they could not see us , but close enough that we would not be too far behind . 
 it was a hard undertaking . 
 they disappeared into the distance and i was n't too fond of getting closer . 
 if a battle did start then at least we would know before arriving to it . 
 the sound of nawings and guns would reach our ears before we got too close . 
 theen and i rested when it got to be late evening . 
 he had a small bag of food . 
 we ate some bread and had some water . 
 that seemed to be my primary dome meal . 
 i started thinking about what would happen when we got to the castle , if we did get that far . 
 `` i know this sounds strange , but i wonder if there is any way we can find leric . '' 
 `` what for ? '' 
 theen asked . 
 `` i do n't want anyone to die . 
 i 'm sure he killed the diplomats , but maybe we can work out a deal . 
 something where he can keep the dome without ever worrying about anyone coming back in , as long as he does n't attack azureland or any country outside here . 
 then we do n't have to fight . '' 
 `` i think historia wants to avenge gilik , i know i do . '' 
 historia did n't seem to me to be the sort of person who wanted that . 
 `` i do n't know she never seemed to like him . '' 
 we took a nap when it got dark . 
 there was no sound of fighting ; i hoped it stayed that way . 
 theen had to wake me up . 
 i had slept too long . 
 it was already becoming day . 
 we wasted a lot of time . 
 the domers were probably already to the castle . 
 without hesitation we started after them . 
 i thought i felt a rumble several times . 
 noises could be heard if i strained to listen . 
 it did n't sound like peaceful talks with the dizurians . 
 my pace quickened . 
 `` i wonder if we will see billus . '' 
 theen said . 
 `` i hope we can get him to azureland . 
 he saved us before ; we need to repay the debt . '' 
 as we got closer the noises grew louder . 
 there was definitely something wrong . 
 the domers must have been attacked . 
 i was continuingly pushed in that direction from some force unknown . 
 i was n't much use to anyone , but i really did n't want to go back and have to hear the news later . 
 waiting with no idea what was happening was worse than being in the battle . 
 we started to see smoke . 
 a burning nawing marked the edge of the fray . 
 several bodies were lying close by , all dizurians . 
 some wore the red training uniform and others had on the gray outfits of the wall guards . 
 the castle came into view in the distance . 
 between us and that were several hundred fighters . 
 nawings flew in the sky all around . 
 it would be almost impossible to get to the castle without being noticed . 
 i tried to find a large group of domers we could get to for help , but they were scattered about just as widely as the dizurians . 
 at least the dizurians were easy to spot in their red and gray . 
 theen and i ducked low , hoping not to be seen . 
 the open expanse ahead only proved to us how dangerous our plan was . 
 we watched quietly at the fighting . 
 domers and dizuians were running about and shooting . 
 i followed a domer with my eyes , only to see him shot through by a nawing . 
 my eyes focused on a dizurian . 
 and i saw them shot multiple times and fall . 
 no matter where i looked death was all i saw . 
 but what was the point ? 
 what was historia trying to prove ? 
 i could n't get my mind around it . 
 did she really think sending all of her fighters to their death would help azureland ? 
 xiii `` we should go . '' 
 theen said , lying flat on the ground . 
 i got down as well . 
 `` not yet . 
 i need to find historia to surrender . 
 she 's walked into something too big for the domers . 
 they will all get killed and then what ? 
 how are we supposed to go back to wall city and explain that so many of their people were killed in here ? 
 this is exactly what gilik warned me about . '' 
 `` what if this is n't self defense ? '' 
 theen wondered aloud . 
 what if it was n't ? 
 what ? 
 of course it was . 
 historia did n't want to kill anyone ; she just wanted to keep the dizurians from killing . 
 things escalated and that was that . 
 i thought about telling theen but i did n't see the point . 
 i had to get to the castle . 
 i needed to get there , to find the hunters and get out . 
 that was the new plan . 
 i would try to find historia and tell her to surrender , but my priority was to get my friends and get out . 
 i told theen and he agreed to come with me for support . 
 we sat up and readied our guns . 
 `` how do you expect to get over there ? '' 
 theen asked . 
 i do n't think he liked my plan very much . 
 `` i 'm going to run . 
 going slow wo n't do anything . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` let 's do it . '' 
 i knew the danger . 
 that did n't deter me . 
 it was n't my well being that bothered me , but his . 
 i would rather die myself than have to go through losing another friend . 
 i did n't count to three ; i did n't give any clue as to when i would go . 
 i just did . 
 i started running straight for the castle . 
 it was harder to run with the gun than i thought it would be . 
 i raised it up . 
 the closer we got the more bodies were in our way . 
 i jumped over some and ran around others . 
 several flags lay torn on the ground . 
 they did not have the unmistakable blue triangle and orange eye i hated so much . 
 these were solid blue . 
 i figured they were battle flags . 
 for the first thirty seconds or so i thought that i would make it . 
 and then dirt was kicked up as nawings began to fire at us . 
 their guns were much stronger than ours and blew small holes in the ground . 
 but they could n't hit me . 
 flying and shooting must have been difficult . 
 i zigzagged through clouds of smoke and dust to confuse them . 
 i did n't know where theen was , i did n't dare look back . 
 the castle was getting closer . 
 another few minutes and ... the ground came out from under me . 
 i tumbled into darkness and hit a hard floor . 
 someone fell in behind me , landing on me . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 theen said , getting up . 
 i was relieved he was still with me . 
 i got up and looked around . 
 there was n't much to see . 
 we had fallen into some sort of underground room . 
 he helped me push the ceiling back into place so no one could follow us down there . 
 a small bulb hung from the ceiling and gave a little light . 
 the room had metal walls and except for us was empty . 
 it was n't too big , about the size of the hotel room mama was probably at right then . 
 theen took a seat on the floor , looking up towards the sound of gunfire . 
 `` must be some secret compartment for something . '' 
 `` probably . '' 
 i said quietly . 
 `` maybe to hide more guns . '' 
 my heart pumped dangerously fast . 
 i was only an inch or two away from being killed by a nawing . 
 the plan deteriorated in my head . 
 for the time being i could no longer remember why i even wanted to get to the castle . 
 theen put his back against the wall and rested his chin on his knees . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 `` let 's see if it quiets down up there . 
 i 'm afraid we are losing precious time but i really do n't want to get shot at . '' 
 theen felt the same way i did . 
 he rested his head against the wall and closed his eyes . 
 i sat down as well , listening closely . 
 nothing changed . 
 time went on but the guns did n't stop , or even lessen . 
 it seemed hopeless . 
 if i wanted to get back to mama i had to leave . 
 the hunters could take care of themselves , if any were left . 
 i made the new decision and was about to tell theen when something happened . 
 another hole appeared on the other side of the room and two people fell in . 
 one wore the gray dizurian uniform and the other wore a black shirt and blue pants , a domer . 
 they wrestled on the ground for a minute , each trying to reach for the same gun . 
 theen stood beside me , holding his gun up to them . 
 the dizurian finally came up with the gun and shot the domer in the head , he was instantly motionless . 
 `` drop the gun . '' 
 theen ordered . 
 the dizurian stood up , gun still in hand . 
 past the specks of blood i recognized billus . 
 my heart dropped . 
 i could see in his eyes that he was different . 
 his face was contorted with rage . 
 `` billus , it 's us , theen and hardin . '' 
 theen said , lowering his gun . 
 billus looked confused . 
 `` we trained together billus , remember ? '' 
 i said . 
 i could tell something was different about him . 
 he did n't look at us , only in our general direction . 
 his lips shook violently . 
 theen pointed at billus 's gun . 
 `` put it down , billus . 
 we are friends . '' 
 billus opened his mouth wide . 
 `` you , you , you . '' 
 he croaked . 
 `` yes , remember ? '' 
 theen asked . 
 i could see his hand moving the gun up slightly . 
 `` i remember . '' 
 billus breathed . 
 `` you hurt me . '' 
 `` no , they hurt you . '' 
 i pointed up . 
 he looked to the ceiling . 
 `` i fight for dizuria . 
 i fight for dizuria . 
 i fight for dizuria ! '' 
 he said it again and again , getting louder each time . 
 `` they 've really messed him up . '' 
 theen whispered to me . 
 `` there has to be a way to get him to know us . '' 
 `` there might not be . '' 
 theen raised his gun up and steadied it . 
 `` i fight for dizuria ! '' 
 billus screeched . 
 `` we know billus , but you were our friend . 
 you saved us . '' 
 theen yelled back . 
 billus stopped . 
 he looked as us . 
 the anger was gone . 
 he looked scared and lonely . 
 `` remember azureland billus ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` remember how you wanted to go ? '' 
 his eyes darted in all directions . 
 i believe he was trying to think it over . 
 `` azureland ? '' 
 he asked shyly . 
 i smiled . 
 `` yes , we can take you . 
 let 's go . '' 
 his face turned once again to rage . 
 `` azureland hurt me . '' 
 `` no it did n't billus . '' 
 i shouted , losing hope . 
 `` it hurt me , they hurt me , you hurt me . '' 
 billus bellowed at the top of his lungs . 
 theen put his finger on the trigger . 
 `` it 's too late for him now . '' 
 billus saw this and became quiet , his voice deadly . 
 `` i kill for dizuria . '' 
 he pointed his gun at theen . 
 this was turning into my worst nightmare . 
 `` put that down , billus . '' 
 theen whispered something we did n't hear . 
 `` he 's not listening . '' 
 theen said , backing up . 
 `` billus put it down ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 i felt like i was talking with a small child . 
 he continued to whisper . 
 i finally heard it . 
 he kept saying `` i kill for dizuria '' over and over again . 
 it started to grow louder . 
 `` i really like you , do n't make me shoot you . '' 
 theen warned . 
 billus grew louder . 
 `` i kill for dizuria . 
 i kill for dizuria ! '' 
 without warning the small room erupted in gunfire . 
 i do n't know who shot first . 
 i threw myself back against the wall . 
 theen fell straight down . 
 billus had been shot in his leg . 
 he fell to his knees and lifted the gun up and aimed it at me . 
 i did n't have any time to think . 
 i picked up my own gun and fired . 
 for the first time i hit a target in the first shot . 
 billus fell to the ground , a hole through his neck . 
 i dropped the gun and pushed myself back to the wall . 
 i looked over to theen , he was n't moving . 
 i got to my knees and crawled over . 
 blood trickled down from his forehead . 
 he stared up at the ceiling without any more cares . 
 fear ran through me . 
 i half got up and launched myself to the wall , away from him . 
 i closed my eyes and began to cry , trying to hold the wall as if it could hold me . 
 i slid to the floor and covered my face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , we should have left . '' 
 i sobbed . 
 xiv i sat against the wall for a long time . 
 the hole in the ceiling was still there , nobody came in . 
 they let me sit there and cry in peace . 
 something deep inside me switched . 
 i no longer wanted to leave , i needed to find historia and see if there was anything i could do to stop the fighting . 
 i got up and looked out of the hole . 
 there was no change . 
 the gunfire continued ; the explosions still shook the ground . 
 i was the only thing different . 
 i jumped and grabbed onto the edges of the hole , pulling myself up . 
 i thought for sure there would be less people fighting , but there was more . 
 a short ways to my right were two lines of fighters moving toward each other . 
 one wore red and gray , the other wore an assortment of colors . 
 they fired and people fell . 
 but they did not stop . 
 the lines eroded away and the survivors continued to shoot . 
 it was hopeless ; they all fell away in a short time . 
 it only took a few minutes for them to completely kill each other . 
 on my left new lines were forming , and ended much the same way . 
 there was n't to be a victor , only a less sorrowed loser . 
 i pulled myself the rest of the way out and , seeing a crashed nawing that was n't on fire , ran to it . 
 no one seemed to notice . 
 the fighters on both sides were too preoccupied with killing each other to care about me running about . 
 i slid down to it and saw a person inside . 
 `` oh , hardin . '' 
 an arm shot out and pulled me under the flipped over nawing . 
 it was lace . 
 `` it 's worse than ever out there . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i do n't know what to do . '' 
 she did n't look too bad . 
 her shirt was a little bloody and i hoped it was somebody else 's . 
 `` go back the way i came about a hundred yards and you 'll find a hole in the ground . 
 hide in there . 
 do you know where the others are ? '' 
 `` they went with historia to the castle . 
 she said she was going to find the leader and get him to stop attacking . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i started out , she caught my arm . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` to find them . '' 
 `` find morome , then we can leave . '' 
 i nodded and crawled out into the open . 
 i did n't wait to see if she was going to make it to the hole . 
 i started for the castle slowly . 
 still nobody saw me . 
 the fighting had turned away from the castle . 
 it was now working its way to the forest . 
 somebody needed cover . 
 the smell was something out of a nightmare . 
 i ca n't describe it so that it would make sense , but it was horrible . 
 it reminded me of the concoctions the medics made , not because it smelled similar , but because it reminded me of death and hopelessness . 
 it was n't enough to make me turn back ; i was on a mission now . 
 i walked up to the castle , it seemed quiet . 
 i saw the man who trained the dizurians on the ground , dead . 
 i did n't remember his name . 
 all i could remember was how happy he was at the idea of killing all of humurom . 
 it disgusted me . 
 i went in a side entrance , my gun at the ready . 
 i passed the room i stayed in with theen and billus during training . 
 it had n't been touched . 
 the dining area had several bodies about , but nobody living . 
 i could hear footsteps above me . 
 i found the stairs and went up . 
 there were people running around the second floor , they were dizurians but they paid little attention to me . 
 i remembered that the people left in the castle were about as well equipped for fighting as i was . 
 they did n't want trouble . 
 most of them probably had n't even been through dark room training so they would still have their minds for the technical aspects of training . 
 i did n't want to hurt any of them as long as they did n't want to hurt me . 
 i turned a corner and saw historia down the hall . 
 she was checking a dead domer . 
 i was relieved to see her . 
 i lowered my gun and went up to her . 
 `` we have to stop this . '' 
 she stood up and looked at me , a little confused . 
 `` glad to see you 're still alive . '' 
 `` did you hear what i said ? '' 
 she continued to stare . 
 `` we ca n't stop now . 
 this is why we are here . '' 
 i stepped back , shaking my head . 
 `` this is n't you . 
 you 've become a part of the beast . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` a beast you unleashed . '' 
 `` i did n't want this . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` yes you did . 
 you wanted this more than we did . 
 that 's why you came to us . '' 
 `` i did n't want you to kill people . 
 i wanted you to help save humurom . '' 
 she pointed a finger at me . 
 `` tell me honestly that you did not want to destroy dizuria . 
 we can save the dome from them . '' 
 `` they can have the dome , i do n't care . 
 we got what we needed now let 's go before we are all dead . '' 
 she frowned . 
 she had a look of a leader ready to do anything to get what she wanted . 
 it was a look i had seen on gilik 's face once or twice . 
 she raised her gun . 
 `` this happens with or without you . '' 
 i raised my hands in defense . 
 `` i 'm leaving with my friends . 
 you can do what you want after that . '' 
 she nodded and lowered the gun . 
 i turned and walked away . 
 it was the excitement ; that was all . 
 she would n't be acting like that if there was n't a battle outside . 
 she was n't that kind of person . 
 i got to the stairs right in time to hear some people coming up . 
 they talked loudly but i was n't listening to the words , but the voice . 
 i sounded familiar , but i could n't place it . 
 panicked , i ran into the first room i found . 
 it had several tables with maps spread out on them . 
 i went to the back of the room , but there was no place to hide . 
 i picked the wrong room . 
 the people coming up the stairs came right in . 
 they saw me . 
 i saw them . 
 it was leric . 
 the leader of dizuria had a body guard with him . 
 `` i 've met you . 
 where have i met you ? '' 
 he said . 
 i was n't in the mood to hide anything . 
 `` take your pick , in azureland , or in your office in dizuria . '' 
 he did n't understand my meaning at first . 
 i saw the idea strike him . 
 `` you brought the necklace from azureland . '' 
 `` you have to call this off . '' 
 i begged . 
 `` too many people are dying . '' 
 `` i ca n't control them now . '' 
 `` because you warped their minds . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` what 's it matter to you ? 
 none of you can get out now . '' 
 i checked my watch before remembering that it did n't work anymore . 
 he noticed . 
 `` i 've seen the watches . 
 but i control the time . 
 and when things got hairy i switched the bracelets . '' 
 he held up his wrist to show a silver bracelet . 
 `` did you all think you would win ? 
 i control everything in here . '' 
 he sat on one of the tables . 
 `` i do n't even blame azureland . 
 i 've known about the domers for a long time . 
 it does n't surprise me that the azureland bunch would try something like this . 
 what with no mayor now . '' 
 i really felt hopeless now . 
 i figured there was no way out . 
 i might as well learn something . 
 `` why did you kill him ? 
 and the diplomats ? '' 
 he looked taken aback . 
 `` i did n't kill anyone . '' 
 `` your people did . '' 
 `` i never ordered any of that . 
 i assumed gilik died in some type of riot from a city harboring a fugitive from in here . 
 and the diplomats never made it . 
 their train rolled into town completely in flames . 
 i thought it best not to release the grisly photos . '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 was there any chance that he was telling the truth ? 
 i did n't know . 
 he had to be responsible . 
 who else could be ? 
 `` but you killed the humurom hunters . '' 
 `` ah , that i did do . 
 i needed to make room for a larger dizuria . 
 i realize now i should have done it much faster . 
 how is the one that escaped ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 i said through barred teeth . 
 the realization began to sink in . 
 he looked mildly impressed . 
 `` and you were right there in my office . 
 it 's nice to finally meet . 
 i guess this was all your idea . '' 
 `` not entirely . '' 
 his mouth twisted into an evil smirk . 
 `` i hope you stick around . 
 we 'll drop bombs on all of your domer friends . 
 we 'll finally have the whole dome . 
 but do n't worry ; i 've got a special death planned for you . 
 i 've wanted to do this for a long time . 
 so sit back and try to enjoy the last few minutes of your life . '' 
 there was no escape now . 
 i sat down against the wall and put my arms around my knees . 
 i hoped mama would be alright . 
 peter , stud , and nara would have to take care of her now . 
 i wished i had gone back to the wall when i could have . 
 theen would still be alive and i would n't be dying by the hands of leric . 
 but what did i do to make him hate me so much ? 
 i suppose i was about to find out . 
 a loud buzzing was heard overhead , followed by the sound of loud explosions outside . 
 xv leric walked around the room looking at his communication device . 
 he did n't seem to care that there was so much death and destruction outside . 
 the walls shook and the floor rumbled . 
 he put the communicator to his ear and started talking to someone . 
 i put my head down , waiting for the end . 
 i heard the door open and then a shot was fired . 
 i looked up to see the guard drop to the ground . 
 historia stood in the doorway . 
 relief took the place of fear . 
 she came to save me . 
 she was transfixed on leric , staring at him menacingly . 
 `` what are you doing here leric ? 
 i 'm surprised you came out of your nasty little city . '' 
 she said . 
 leric nodded his approval . 
 `` oh , historia , i was hoping you were behind this . '' 
 i missed something . 
 how did they know each other ? 
 my relief faded ; in its place was confusion . 
 `` i see you met hardin . '' 
 historia said casually . 
 `` you know he is the only reason we made it here . '' 
 leric flashed me a dirty look . 
 `` even more reason for me to kill him . '' 
 `` that wo n't be happening . '' 
 historia gave me a wink . 
 the significance was lost on me . 
 leric wagged his finger in the air as though uncovering a hidden truth . 
 `` i think i get it now . 
 you can call your people off and we can discuss things like true leaders should . '' 
 historia smirked . 
 `` why do n't you call yours off ? '' 
 `` i ca n't control most of mine now . '' 
 `` and that 's why you should n't have melted their minds away . '' 
 the explosions stopped . 
 i hoped somebody was left out there . 
 `` let 's get down to business . '' 
 leric said , clapping his hands together . 
 `` i am guessing you want part of the dome . 
 i admire the desire but you went too far . '' 
 historia smiled and shook her head . 
 `` this is n't for part of the dome . 
 i figured the leader of the dizuria domers would see that . 
 this is for everything . '' 
 leric threw his head back and laughed . 
 i was having a hard time keeping up with their faux friendly chat . 
 `` oh i see now . 
 i was afraid we would get blamed for gilik 's death , but that was the plan was n't it ? 
 blame the country no one trusts . 
 bring the investigation to their door so they do n't notice you sneaking around . '' 
 was leric blaming gilik 's death on historia ? 
 my mind could n't take much more . 
 there was no way she was the one to pull that off . 
 but she did have the whole building bugged . 
 she could probably get away with almost anything . 
 `` let me tell it to you '' she said to leric . 
 `` i want to tell my story to someone who i trust . 
 someone who will understand . '' 
 leric motioned for her to proceed . 
 he looked at her as a teacher looks at their best student . 
 i shifted my position on the floor to see them both better . 
 something sinister was going on between these two and i only now figured it out . 
 was there something i missed over the past few days ? 
 something that would have alerted me that she was up to no good ? 
 i do n't think i would have seen it even if i knew to look . 
 i was so desperate . 
 i went along with everything she said . 
 i had to and she knew that . 
 without her humurom would be destroyed with everyone in it . 
 she took advantage of my need to get the bracelets . 
 historia sat on a table , ready to reveal everything . 
 she occasionally looked over to me to see if i was listening . 
 she seemed to have a disturbing notion that this would impress me . 
 i was too perplexed by the whole thing to know what to say or what emotion should don my face . 
 `` it 's no secret i wanted the dome to myself . '' 
 she began . 
 `` i hated the idea of it belonging to a second rate filth like dizuria . 
 it started with the diplomats . 
 i hoped killing them would convince gilik to start something with you . 
 with both of you preoccupied i could go in and destroy your little installation here . 
 i was wrong . 
 gilik was so soft . 
 he tried his hardest not to get involved in anything . 
 it disgusted me . 
 but despite his lack of strength he was a good leader . 
 he had to go . 
 i knew he would come down hard on me . 
 he was the only one with access to the bracelets after all . 
 he could come in and stop me if he really wanted to . 
 i doubt he would but i needed to find a way to make sure he did n't . 
 he knew too much about the dome and the people here , but he was the only one . 
 the council did n't know anything except for what hardin said his first night in wall city . 
 they would n't know anything about how to get in . 
 gilik kept the bracelets completely secret . 
 only a handful of people knew . 
 i could n't risk killing calrus . 
 that would be too suspicious . 
 why would dizuria kill a scientist who did nothing to them ? 
 it had to be gilik . 
 with gilik out of the way the useless council would be in charge and hardin would lose his only protection . 
 but what if someone else could become his protection ? 
 it took longer than i anticipated but he eventually came over . 
 gilik was too soft to help so we promised to help with what he needed . 
 the funny thing was that both of our goals included getting in the dome . 
 so we got hardin to get the bracelets from calrus , who trusted almost nobody , and here we are . '' 
 leric clapped . 
 i felt abused and foolish . 
 she worked my desperation into her evil plan . 
 was there no one i could trust ? 
 `` i was wrong not to include you in our plans here , and i 'm sorry for that . 
 i could n't imagine an azure with that much passion for this land , but i was wrong . 
 you have shown your worth and i accept you as a dome leader . '' 
 historia 's smile changed slightly . 
 there was a sense of power i do n't think leric saw . 
 `` at first i did want to impress you , but that is a long ago thought . 
 why impress other people when i 'm doing such a good job of impressing myself ? '' 
 `` you are a true domer . 
 i am proud . '' 
 historia 's power grew . 
 i could sense it . 
 leric was trying to end the conversation but she wanted none of that . 
 `` first i need you to let go of hardin . 
 he is a domer in the truest sense . 
 `` ca n't do that , he has something i need . '' 
 leric said . 
 `` and what is that ? '' 
 historia asked . 
 leric turned and gave me a look of utter disgust . 
 `` he has the key to dizuria 's part of the dome . '' 
 i stood up before i knew what i was doing . 
 `` i do not . '' 
 leric stepped toward me , pointing greedily . 
 `` i know who i gave it to . 
 i told him to bury it deep so no one would ever find it that could use it and it was stolen from him . 
 less than a year after that you come out of the dome . 
 i know you still have it because gilik would have called for the wall to come down if he had it . '' 
 `` i do n't have it . '' 
 i stressed . 
 `` oh you have it . '' 
 he paused , turning to historia . 
 `` or do you have it ? 
 alright , what do you want from me ? '' 
 historia found this whole thing amusing . 
 `` i do n't have it either . '' 
 leric stomped his foot on the ground . 
 `` well someone has to . '' 
 historia pretended to be fed up with him . 
 `` you need to stop losing your stuff , leric . 
 now i need you to let hardin go . '' 
 leric looked like a madman . 
 `` that 's not happening . 
 wait till the other domer 's hear about this . '' 
 historia 's amusement was gone . 
 `` other domers ? 
 you took over for most of them and destroyed their bases . 
 we are the only true domer 's left . '' 
 `` and you still want half the dome . 
 we can make an arrangement . '' 
 historia grimaced . 
 `` i do n't just want the dome . 
 i want your whole country . 
 i 'm going for everything . '' 
 `` and how are you going to get my soldiers to listen to you ? '' 
 `` i do n't have to . 
 i think you killed most of them just trying to get rid of mine . '' 
 leric lost all of his composure . 
 `` you will never get my approval . '' 
 in a flash historia raised her gun and shot leric through the head . 
 he fell to the floor and i backed up to the wall , wishing that i could go right through it . 
 historia kicked his body and then looked at me . 
 the terror on my face told it all . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 she said soothingly . 
 `` you are the only reason i got this far . 
 do you know how long i 've been trying to get my hands on one of those bracelets ? 
 way too long . '' 
 there were so many things i wanted to say , but i did n't have the courage to say them . 
 `` but ... gilik ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 she looked at me as though i was n't in my right mind to even care about him . 
 `` he was holding you back . 
 he needed to go . 
 trust me , the council ca n't decide on anything . 
 there is only one thing left for me to do . 
 i 'll be seeing you hardin . 
 oh , once i take dizuria you can have the nicest house on one of the ocean cities . 
 we just need to find out what really happened to that key . '' 
 she started for the door . 
 `` are you going to take the wall down ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` nope , ca n't do that . 
 if things get too dicey out there i need a place i can come back to . '' 
 i took a step toward her . 
 `` i trusted you ... '' `` to save the humurom 's , and i did . '' 
 she left the room . 
 i did n't have a very good feeling about whatever it was she needed to do . 
 before i left i went ahead and took the bracelet from leric 's wrist . 
 i followed historia at a distance . 
 in the few minutes it took for things to happen in that room things really changed everywhere else . 
 it was silent in the castle . 
 historia moved around with ease . 
 the few people i saw were bloody and walking around in a stupor . 
 they could have cared less about what i was doing . 
 xvi the outside was almost as quiet . 
 smoke rose up from everywhere i bothered to look . 
 giant holes showed where the bombs had been dropped . 
 bits of bodies had been thrown everywhere , a hand here , a leg there . 
 my mind did n't bother to ingest it all . 
 my eyes shifted smoothly across the surface of the ground . 
 there was no more fear or despair . 
 it was over , a fresh past . 
 historia walked a few paces from the castle and put her hand up . 
 a nawing landed beside her . 
 the pilot got out and she got in . 
 it rose into the air once again and she was away , towards humurom . 
 i knew where she was going . 
 there were only six things in that direction that could have been any use to her . 
 i looked around for a nawing of my own . 
 fate was kind at that moment . 
 to my right a ways was zurrel looking over one . 
 zurrel had trained with me when i pretended to be a dizurian only two weeks before . 
 i went to her warily . 
 she looked up as i approached . 
 at first she smiled , and then frowned when she saw that i did not wear a dizurian uniform . 
 `` zurrel , please tell me you are still sane . '' 
 i said on approach . 
 `` hardin , are you one of them ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i nodded . 
 she recoiled . 
 `` i am not a domer . 
 i am actually a humurom , the one that escaped the wall . '' 
 she stared at me , i do n't know if she believed me . 
 `` now tell me how to fly this thing so i can attempt to make something right before it is too late . '' 
 she waved me over . 
 sides did n't matter now that most everyone was dead . 
 `` all you have to do is use this lever . 
 raise it up to go up and push it in to go straight . 
 the rest should be obvious . '' 
 i looked into the nawing . 
 there was a long horizontal lever in front of the seat . 
 there were no other buttons or switches . 
 i got in . 
 `` does it work ? '' 
 `` it crashed but i think everything is alright . '' 
 i took hold of the lever . 
 the nawing began to rumble . 
 `` how come you are not like the others ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i was selected to be a mechanic . 
 i needed my mind for that so i got to skip the dark room training . '' 
 i pushed up on the lever . 
 i was lifted a little ways in the air . 
 `` wish me luck . '' 
 i called down to her as i rose higher . 
 i pushed the lever up all the way and shot up thirty feet or so . 
 i had never flown before . 
 it was a terrifying experience , but i was determined to stop historia . 
 i pushed the lever in and the nawing flew straight in the wrong direction . 
 i twisted the lever and got back on track . 
 it took a while for me to get the hang of it . 
 the motion controls were very sensitive . 
 the slightest motion threw the thing off course . 
 i almost crashed a few times , but luckily pulled up at the last second . 
 after a while of trying things out i managed to get it to fly in a relatively straight line towards humurom . 
 i kept my eyes open for historia . 
 she was so far ahead i doubted that i could catch up . 
 there was no way to make up a plan without all the information . 
 and besides , i still did n't know exactly what went on in that map room . 
 historia confessed to killing the diplomats and gilik , but to what end ? 
 just to take over the dome ? 
 it made little sense to me . 
 i had grown up with the idea that the only thing important in life was to keep it going . 
 how could someone so nonchalantly kill people to get what they wanted ? 
 the idea sickened me . 
 but it was more . 
 it seemed inhuman to the highest degree . 
 everything seemed so much faster up there . 
 the ground came up and then disappeared below me in a hurry . 
 i should have gotten humurom in no time , but of course things never work out the way they should for me . 
 the nawing started to falter and then drop lower and lower . 
 the crash had affected it . 
 the lever grew hot . 
 i had to land before it decided to land for me . 
 i pulled the lever out and it slowed . 
 i never learned how to make it stop . 
 i got closer and closer to the ground , going slower and slower . 
 the bottom hit and it jolted to a halt . 
 i got out and ran . 
 i knew historia did n't know where the bombs were and was almost certain she would n't be able to get them out by herself , but she was tricky and might have other plans for them . 
 i slowed after a few minutes . 
 i was not used to running for such a long time . 
 the mountain loomed in the distance . 
 i jogged closer . 
 i ran around the bunker and saw a nawing sitting by the ladder . 
 she was already inside . 
 i caught my breath and climbed the ladder . 
 xvii the door was wide open . 
 i quietly stepped in . 
 my footsteps were quiet , but still echoed slightly . 
 i walked as carefully as i could to the railing that looked down to all the levels . 
 i listened closely . 
 it was silent . 
 that could only mean that historia had found the bomb room or was in the stone path to the spring . 
 i took a ramp and started down . 
 the hunting office , with the entrance to the bomb room , was on level 6 . 
 i wasted no time in getting down there . 
 i lifted my gun up and went towards the office as fast as i could without making too much noise . 
 there were several drops of fresh blood in the hall . 
 the door was open . 
 i looked in and the first thing i saw was the small door sitting ajar . 
 she was already in there . 
 something near the door showed how she got the key . 
 matilik lay sprawled out on the floor . 
 i went up to him . 
 i was too late , he was already gone . 
 he had been shot multiple times . 
 i looked back to see drops of blood in a trail to the door . 
 he had given everything he had to keep her out . 
 i put his hands on his chest . 
 `` you tried your best . '' 
 i whispered . 
 i looked to the small door . 
 the key still hung from it . 
 i crawled over to it and listened . 
 i could n't hear anything . 
 i lowered my legs into the slide and pushed off . 
 it was less slimy than the last time i went down , probably because it had some use recently . 
 i tumbled onto the cold floor of the dark bomb room . 
 i got up and raised my gun . 
 historia stood near the left wall . 
 she was looking at a screen on a small machine i thought was just part of the wall . 
 it glowed bright in the dark room . 
 i crept closer . 
 she turned and stared at me . 
 `` this still works . '' 
 she said casually . 
 `` the humurom 's were always good with electronics . '' 
 she looked up at the bombs . 
 `` what 's funny is that they were the first to sign a treaty that all nuclear bombs be destroyed . 
 and yet , these are the only ones to exist now . '' 
 i moved closer , lowering my gun . 
 `` they were framed . 
 something else must have destroyed everything . '' 
 she nodded sadly . 
 `` the real reason is n't as exciting . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she turned to me , leaning against the machine . 
 `` after your ancestors and the bozlins closed the bunkers , and the wall went up , people panicked . 
 it did n't take long for them to realize that there was no way out . 
 for once the two countries came together and used all of their regular bombs to attack the wall , most ricocheted . 
 the wall lit up as they hit and were sent back . 
 many were killed as the bombs hit their towns . 
 in their desperation they did n't stop . 
 they fired more and more , only to kill more and more . 
 when the smoke cleared almost everything was destroyed . 
 the rest of the people had nothing left . 
 they all eventually died of starvation or sickness . 
 few animals survived . '' 
 `` how do you know all of this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 there was a good chance she would lie . 
 `` when the dizurians went in they raided the destroyed towns for valuables . 
 they found accounts of what happened . 
 people had written down their destruction in hopes someday somebody would find them and know their stories . 
 the dizurians buried many of the bodies , then not much but bones remained . 
 they kept the writing secret . 
 when i worked for leric in the dizurian domer group i read them myself . 
 i 'm sure you 're wondering what i was doing there . 
 we azure domers heard the rumors through the domer network of a country with the ability to get in . 
 just a young girl i jumped at the chance . 
 i left my family and took a train out there . 
 leric took an interest in my leadership qualities and took me on as a student . 
 when he found out i ran away from home he sent me back . 
 i 've hated him ever since . 
 he was elected leader a few years later as i was making my way up the chain of command at home . 
 i was only seventeen when you came out . 
 that was n't very long ago but it feels like it now . 
 i was voted in as leader to get you on our side and i have n't looked back . '' 
 i was worried that she really was lying . 
 why else would she be so quick to tell me her story ? 
 `` why did you come here ? '' 
 she gestured up to the bombs . 
 `` for these . 
 the one who controls these controls the world . 
 leric knew about them for a while . 
 he wanted them to get what he wanted from the other countries . 
 he was so stupid . 
 all that would do is start another war . '' 
 `` one person can not control the whole world . '' 
 i said . 
 `` one person never gets the chance . 
 nothing will change that much . 
 all i really want is the dome and dizuria . 
 i 'll demand access to all the keys and the supercomputer in exchange for not destroying everything . 
 i will control my land and destroy the keys . 
 if one country says no then i will blow up their capital and that will probably destroy their key . 
 i was hoping to take leric 's , but he does n't seem to know where it is . '' 
 i was beginning to feel extra courageous . 
 `` i wo n't let you . '' 
 she smiled at me as an adult would smile at a child who does n't understand the real world . 
 `` i stand by not wanting to kill you , but if i need to that 's another story . 
 you are so weak . 
 look at what you could have accomplished . 
 those stories you told us . 
 you could have taken over that bunker faster than anything , just like i took over the domers . 
 instead you stood by and let people die . '' 
 `` i 'm not like you . 
 i 'm not trying to be a leader , i only needed one thing . '' 
 `` and you could n't even do that by yourself . '' 
 she knew which buttons to press . 
 `` i ask for help . 
 i needed help . '' 
 she leered at me . 
 `` no you did n't . 
 i see the making of a great leader , but you refuse to take control . 
 i wanted it for you , but as i learned more i realized there was nothing for you . 
 the rumors were wrong . 
 you were n't a rebel , just a lost little kid who got caught up in something that was too much for you . '' 
 she was right , but i could n't face that right now . 
 `` i will get in your way until the end . 
 you ca n't just do whatever you want . '' 
 `` why do n't you let it go ? 
 once i move these i will have everything . '' 
 `` they are too old , they might not work . '' 
 i said hopefully . 
 `` we 'll find out . 
 i need to send a message . 
 i 'll probably send one into the fields of azureland , just to make sure . 
 i 'll save the rest for whoever wants to fight after that . '' 
 i stood tall . 
 `` i 'm the only one in your way . 
 it 's just you and me here . '' 
 she weighed my threat and raised her gun . 
 `` i know what i 'll do . 
 i 'll shoot to injure . 
 i still feel like i owe you and i do n't want to have to go through life feeling that . '' 
 i raised my gun . 
 `` if you shoot me i 'll shoot you . 
 i have my finger on the trigger . 
 if you shoot i 'll probably end up hitting something . '' 
 she was getting annoyed . 
 `` what are you trying to accomplish ? '' 
 i pointed the gun at one of the bombs . 
 `` what do you think will happen if i shoot one of those ? 
 do you think it will blow ? '' 
 for the first time fear struck her face . 
 `` hardin put that down . '' 
 talking would only delay what was sure to come . 
 it was now or never . 
 i swiftly lowered my gun and shot the one in her hand . 
 luckily it connected , sending her gun across the room . 
 i motioned for her to back up . 
 she did . 
 i went over to the machine and looked down at the controls . 
 there was a button with the word engage on it . 
 that must be what activates it . 
 a shot was fired . 
 a searing pain went through my hand . 
 i dropped the gun . 
 i looked up to see historia pointing a much smaller gun at me . 
 `` the next one 's in your head . '' 
 she snarled . 
 i put my other hand over the button . 
 `` i will press this . '' 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she said in a panic . 
 `` i will shoot these off before i let you use them on a country full of people . '' 
 `` you are willing to kill yourself ? '' 
 she said , staring at my hand . 
 `` if it takes that . '' 
 her other hand clenched tightly . 
 `` i should have killed you in gilik 's office . '' 
 `` i thought you wanted me alive . '' 
 `` i 've been going back and forth on that . '' 
 `` and the diplomats ? '' 
 i asked accusingly . 
 `` i was afraid they would make it too obvious i was involved . '' 
 i flexed my fingers . 
 she flinched . 
 i had her just where i wanted her . 
 but would it be enough ? 
 `` i 'm sorry for the hunters . 
 but i will send these off if i have to . '' 
 i said . 
 `` what about your mother ? '' 
 my hand rose slightly . 
 `` right now i do n't see another way out of this . 
 either you shoot me and i die pushing the button , or i die in the blast . '' 
 `` all this to kill me ? '' 
 `` all this to save millions of lives . '' 
 no more smiles , no more promises . 
 i was finally looking at the real historia , and i did not like what i saw . 
 i think she lied about seeing potential in me . 
 she knew right from the start that she could control me . 
 not anymore . 
 `` i 'm going to ask you once . '' 
 i said slowly . 
 `` are you going to surrender ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she whispered . 
 i hit the button . 
 a voice came over a speaker somewhere . 
 launch in three minutes historia looked wildly around as metal began creaking above our heads . 
 `` why would you do this ? '' 
 she dropped her gun and ran to the control panel . 
 i started for the slide . 
 if there was any chance to survive i was going to find it . 
 the walls rumbled as the bombs began to move . 
 i threw myself into the slide and began climbing up . 
 with only one hand it was hard work . 
 i could hear historia 's screams as she attempted to shut everything off . 
 i positioned myself with my legs on the walls and scaled up the now dry slide with my good hand . 
 little by little i pulled myself up . 
 it would not have been possible had historia and i not slid down . 
 my hands scraped the stone and blood came out but i did not stop . 
 the voice came on every thirty seconds to tell us the new time . 
 i could see light with two minutes left . 
 i pulled myself out into the hunting office only twenty or so seconds later . 
 i heard a minute and a half as i sprinted through humurom to the top . 
 with thirty seconds left i slid down the ladder , stopping myself a few feet from the ground . 
 i ran to the nawing . 
 the whole ground shook . 
 i lost my balance and hit the dirt as the ceiling of the bomb room moved away . 
 the large metal clasps holding the bombs screeched . 
 six bombs were moving their way up out of the ground . 
 i did n't have time to get in and fly away . 
 i put my hands over my head and waited for the end . 
 xviii the screeching stopped . 
 the voice did not return . 
 the seconds passed and nothing happened . 
 did historia find a way to stop it ? 
 i lifted my head to see the six bombs pointing toward the sky . 
 everything was still . 
 i got to my knees and thought about flying away before something could happen . 
 i stalled for just a second , it was too long . 
 suddenly the top of the first bomb shot into the air and landed with a clank nearby . 
 i dove for the ground , expecting a blinding flash and the end of everything . 
 i closed my eyes and waited . 
 i heard a strange whizzing noise behind me , followed by a boom . 
 it was n't as loud as i thought it would be , and it definitely did not destroy everything . 
 the whizzing started again more frequently . 
 bangs rang out in the sky . 
 i opened my eyes and turned to the sky . 
 bright flashes exploded overhead , dispersing in trails of color . 
 little rockets shot out of the open bomb , exploding in the air . 
 fireworks ! 
 the next bomb blew its top and fireworks shot out of it . 
 the sky was soon filled with explosions of all colors and sizes . 
 smoke billowed up out of the first bomb as more elaborate fireworks shot out of it . 
 the rest of the bombs ' lids shot off . 
 the sky was completely lit up now . 
 i pushed myself back , watching warily . 
 the screeching of the metal clamps started again . 
 the last bomb shook from side to side . 
 the clamp had rusted away ; it was no longer strong enough to support its weight . 
 the other bombs followed . 
 all the clamps were worn . 
 the bombs fell and the fireworks shot in all directions . 
 a few whizzed right over my head and exploded near the ground behind me . 
 the last bomb broke away from its clamp entirely and fell into the bomb room . 
 all i could see was the bright flashes as they exploded in the room . 
 above all the noise i thought i could hear screaming , and then nothing . 
 the bombs were empty . 
 the smoke lingered . 
 i got up when i felt it was safe and peered into the giant hole . 
 as the smoke cleared a burned body could be seen on the ground . 
 i closed my eyes and quickly and turned away . 
 it was over . 
 everything started with a lie . 
 the humurom 's needed something to scare bozlin so they told the world they had nuclear weapons , even making fake ones to show off . 
 it worked , but it did n't just scare the bozlins . 
 if only the outlying countries knew what was really going on . 
 i would n't have grown up in a bunker and none of this would have ever happened . 
 i stumbled over to the nawing . 
 i pushed the lever up and slowly rose into the air . 
 there was nothing left to think and no emotions left to feel . 
 somehow i made it out of there alive . 
 the only thing i knew for certain as i flew back to the castle to find my friends was that it would take a long time to piece that day together in my mind , if i ever did . 
 i drew nearer to the castle . 
 with the leaders of both parties dead i figured the fighting would be over i was right . 
 smoke continued to rise from the battlefield , but there was no more gunfire . 
 i slowed the nawing and stopped it by using the ground . 
 there were some people wandering about checking on the injured . 
 a group of people stood near the castle . 
 i recognized bivton , but did not know the others . 
 as i walked over lace came out of the hole i told her to hide in . 
 without speaking she walked beside me up to the small gathering . 
 four people stood together . 
 i recognized two of them when i approached . 
 one was morome , his clothes bloody and torn ; the other was the friendly dizurian official i had a short conversation with when i was in dizuria . 
 i could not remember his name . 
 `` ah , you must be hardin . '' 
 he said when i walked up . 
 `` i am martvy . '' 
 i nodded , not feeling up to saying anything . 
 martvy turned to the one person in the group i did not recognize . 
 he wore the gray of a dizurian wall guard . 
 `` does that sound fair to you , jurt ? '' 
 martvy asked . 
 that name , i knew it from somewhere . 
 a memory returned to the front of my mind . 
 billus told me that jurt was the leader of his group that killed milton . 
 that was so long ago now . 
 `` yes . '' 
 jurt grumbled . 
 he was a tough looking man with short red hair . 
 he was thinner than i expected . 
 actually i expected a hairy beast man , so i guess i did n't expect anything close to reality . 
 he looked at me with a dull expression . 
 i smiled back . 
 i had no use for being bitter or angry . 
 and besides , i doubted he had half a mind to know what was going on anyway . 
 `` good . 
 now you can go and i 'll fill hardin in . '' 
 jurt wandered off . 
 morome and lace went over to where dala was sitting . 
 she was bloody but did n't look too bad . 
 i could n't believe that they were all still alive . 
 martvy put his hand on my shoulder and led me around . 
 `` when leric died i became the leader of dizuria . 
 the fighting was over by that point , he killed almost everybody who was not in the castle or hiding as your friends were . 
 we had no knowledge of where historia was so bivton stood in for her . 
 where is she ? '' 
 `` dead . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` oh , bad news . 
 well to make things short we got together and surrendered to each other . 
 morome told me everything leading up to this . 
 congratulations on getting your bunker emptied . '' 
 i nodded , staring at the ground . 
 the adrenaline was gone and my hand hurt tremendously where historia shot it . 
 it bled into my other hand and onto the ground . 
 `` i think we need to put this whole thing behind us . '' 
 he said , patting me on the back . 
 `` i am not a domer and have no intention to use this land . 
 it will sit vacant until the countries surrounding it decide what to do . 
 would you like to put this behind you and move on , hardin ? '' 
 i nodded slightly . 
 `` i see you have a silver bracelet . 
 i 'll get some for your friends . '' 
 `` i have leric 's , do you want it back ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't want it . 
 i will see that all the others are destroyed . '' 
 i liked martvy . 
 there was a trustworthiness i could feel as he spoke . 
 i had no doubts that he would do what he said . 
 he stopped me . 
 `` and hardin , i am so sorry for everything . '' 
 `` so am i. '' he shook my good hand and went back to the castle to see that everyone was leaving . 
 i went over to the hunters , ready to leave . 
 `` what happened out there ? '' 
 lace asked . 
 `` i 'll tell you all later . 
 let 's just get home . '' 
 zurrel stood near a couple of nawings that looked to be in good condition . 
 i asked her if we could take them . 
 she agreed , but only if we took her along . 
 morome , lace , and i flew in one . 
 dala and zurrel flew in the other . 
 we took off from the ground and went straight for the azureland side of the wall . 
 evening began . 
 the ride was silent . 
 we all remained in our heads , watching as the light dimmed . 
 almost an hour later we came down in the trees near the wall . 
 i landed pretty well that time . 
 i was finally getting the hang of it . 
 `` i 'm sorry everyone . '' 
 i said as we came up to the wall . 
 `` this was my fault . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 lace said . 
 `` it was historia 's . 
 she tricked us all . 
 you were the only one who could stop her . 
 and ... actually i do n't know , did you ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 it felt good . 
 `` she stopped herself . '' 
 `` that 's good enough for us . '' 
 they put their wrists up to the wall and disappeared through with their new silver bracelets . 
 i took a last look . 
 it would probably be my last time , and i really hoped it was . 
 i put my own wrist up and disappeared through as well . 
 there was a lot of noise . 
 lights flashed in the fresh darkness . 
 i immediately put my hands up , expecting the worst . 
 two people grabbed me and started pulling me away from the wall . 
 `` no . '' 
 a familiar voice yelled . 
 `` that 's hardin . '' 
 i was let go . 
 i looked up to see nara coming toward me . 
 her bandages removed , she looked great . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said timidly . 
 `` we are arresting the domers . '' 
 nara said . 
 `` that place you told me about , it was empty when i got there . 
 the police went in and found all sorts of documents pinning them to various crimes , including gilik . '' 
 i saw someone dragging away zurrel . 
 `` she 's with us . 
 she 's not a domer . '' 
 nara had them release her . 
 i told nara that most of the domers would n't be coming back . 
 she had three police stay by the wall just in case and led me back to the government building . 
 `` the new mayor was selected out of the council . 
 he promoted me so i could arrest the domers . '' 
 she continued on and talked about all the things that have happened over the past few days . 
 i stopped listening . 
 my hand hurt terribly and my mind began to swim to far off places . 
 i tried my hardest not to pass out . 
 i managed to get all the way to the care wing before finally losing consciousness . 
 i woke up the next morning with everyone i cared about all around me . 
 my hand was bandaged but the doctors said i should be fine . 
 the new mayor came by and introduced himself . 
 he was very nice and said we could stay in the government building as long as we wanted to , and that our stuff had already been moved from the hotel . 
 he did not blame us for what happened . 
 with everyone crowded around i told the story of what happened with leric and historia . 
 afterwards i felt a lot better , but still could not fit everything together right in my mind . 
 the days passed slowly after that . 
 the humurom 's stayed in the hospital for a while , but after a month most had been released . 
 they were sent to the new town and got permission to build a whole community just for them . 
 most could not work yet and the new mayor had construction workers in to build the houses and train the humuroms . 
 zurrel was admitted as a citizen rather fast and had already gotten a job as a mechanic . 
 we all attended gilik 's funeral , which became a much larger funeral and included all the azureland domers who died . 
 i heard news reports that martvy successfully took over as leader of dizuria . 
 he promised change . 
 the first thing he did was admit that the tiny country had many problems and that the diz city would be cleaned up . 
 weeks passed and soon everything became quiet and stress free . 
 i hoped that those weeks would become my first taste of normal . 
 i finally decided that normal did n't exist for me . 
 but that was alright . 
 xix several months passed since we came out of the wall . 
 everything seemed to be going well . 
 martvy was taking dizuria in a new direction . 
 trains were now allowed into diz city . 
 he told the world all about what his predecessors had been doing and said convincingly that it was all over . 
 he told all about the battle . 
 he had to so the families of the domers knew exactly how their loved ones died . 
 it was a new day in azureland , at least i thought it looked like one . 
 with leric gone i could walk freely around the city without fear of getting killed . 
 no one knew who i was and we hoped to keep it that way . 
 a story came out saying that the man from the wall was killed in the battle in the dome . 
 it was all right with me . 
 i did n't want to answer any more questions about what went on in that bomb room . 
 the towns that were being built now had names : new bozlin and new humurom . 
 i could n't wait to move out there . 
 i visited once and was treated as a hero by both the humuroms and the bozlins . 
 the houses were really coming along and news of businesses opening gave the towns real meaning . 
 just over three months after we came out of the wall we got the news that we would be moving . 
 the day before we left i remember sitting on the couch in the room when stud rolled through the door . 
 `` ready to go to our new houses ? '' 
 he asked happily . 
 `` oh yes , i ca n't wait to be out of here . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i know how you feel . '' 
 stud said , tapping the sides of his wheelchair . 
 `` it 'll be a welcome change . '' 
 `` i got you a present . '' 
 he held out a small book . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for everything you did for me . '' 
 he threw me the book . 
 i leafed through it . 
 `` it 's blank . '' 
 `` remember how you said you were having trouble getting everything sorted in your head ? 
 well write everything down and it might sort itself out . '' 
 that was a good idea . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 nara knocked at the open door and came in . 
 `` good , you 're still here . 
 i wanted to see you before you left . '' 
 we hugged . 
 `` are you still coming to my parents ' house in a few weeks ? '' 
 `` of course , everyone is so excited . '' 
 `` i know i am . '' 
 stud chimed in . 
 `` and the journey ship after that . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i 'll try to take time off to go with you . '' 
 `` and then i go to work . '' 
 i announced . 
 `` so you got a job ? '' 
 nara asked . 
 `` they 're opening a bakery in new humurom . 
 they were happy to hear that i wanted to be a part of it . 
 at first they suggest i be mayor , but i know that 's a hard job . 
 i like the idea of being a baker and making real food . '' 
 `` i have to be going . '' 
 nara said . 
 `` i just wanted to see you before you left . 
 i 'll come out and visit you as soon as i can . '' 
 she left stud and i to our thoughts . 
 `` so you two ? '' 
 stud asked with a strange smile . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i said , staring at the open door . 
 `` we 've been hanging out a lot , but she has a lot to do . '' 
 mama came in next . 
 `` hardy , do you think you could get that case out of the closet ? 
 i already packed it . '' 
 `` you are still going to take that ? '' 
 i groaned , getting up . 
 `` i like it . 
 i will always remember getting through a bad time with it . 
 now i need to go make sure lace , dala , morome , and peter are ready . '' 
 `` just call them the hunters , that 's what i do . '' 
 `` they are n't hunting anything anymore . '' 
 i went to the closet as mama left . 
 `` i should get going as well . '' 
 stud said . 
 i have n't even started packing . '' 
 `` see you . '' 
 i said from the closet . 
 he rolled up to me . 
 `` are we still going to meet the kilray 's at that fancy restaurant tonight ? '' 
 `` yes , they should be arriving soon . 
 mr. kilray insisted on taking us all out for our last night here . '' 
 stud left the room . 
 i pulled the case down and tossed it onto mama 's bed . 
 the blue triangle with the orange eye unnerved me . 
 i hated what it stood for . 
 i sat down next to it and looked it over . 
 i had seen it only a few times , usually i did n't even acknowledge it 's presence in the closet . 
 i walked over to the window and looked out over the city one last time . 
 it seemed so peaceful now . 
 i picked up the blank book stud gave me . 
 i wondered where i would start . 
 probably on the day milton and i got the cases . 
 that would be as good a starting point as any . 
 there was one thing that i still did n't understand about that day . 
 why would some random dizurian be standing in the middle of nowhere by himself with two cases ? 
 maybe he had a secret job to do . 
 i dropped the book . 
 a quote flashed through my head . 
 it was something that leric said right before he died . 
 i could n't remember it entirely but it was something about giving the dizurian key to someone to bury , and it was stolen from him . 
 i turned my head slowly toward the case that sat on the bed . 
 my breathing deepened and i began to shake . 
 i slowly went for it ; afraid it might jump off the bed and scurry away . 
 i opened it slowly . 
 mama 's clothes were packed in tightly . 
 in my excitement i tossed the clothes out onto the floor . 
 i rubbed my hands together and started feeling along the inside . 
 there was a fifty percent chance that i had the wrong case . 
 i could n't find anything . 
 i started knocking softly on it . 
 the inside was soft . 
 halfway across the lining of the lid i felt something hard . 
 my heart skipped . 
 i felt around . 
 there was definitely something there . 
 i peeled back the lining , revealing a thin rectangular object . 
 i pulled it out . 
 it was two centimeters thick and several inches long . 
 it was tan with several windows onto a computer board of some sort . 
 in my exuberance i left the object on the bed and ran from the room , down the hall , down the stairs , and to the mayor 's office . 
 a few minutes later i stood in the bedroom with mama , the mayor , and nara . 
 `` i see you kept my clothes folded . '' 
 mama joked . 
 her clothes were in piles all over the floor . 
 `` i 'll be . '' 
 the mayor said . 
 `` that is indeed a key to the wall . '' 
 the mayor went straight to his office and called martvy . 
 i had to wait outside . 
 he came out and said that martvy gave us permission to use the key to help bring down the dome . 
 it would take several more days but all the leaders were ready to bring it down . 
 the president got involved . 
 he would not give his permission unless the bozlins and humuroms agreed . 
 he gave me the task of asking them . 
 the day after finding the key we all found ourselves on a train out to the new town . 
 the station was a half mile away , but we were all up for the walk . 
 the town was in two sections . 
 we first came to the bozlin section . 
 houses of all shapes and sizes were on either side of a long park . 
 they had a say in what their homes would look like . 
 the businesses were the dividing line between the two towns . 
 there was a bank , a bakery , several little stores , and room for more . 
 the humurom side had many of the houses looking the same . 
 the humurom 's did n't care what theirs looked like . 
 i tossed my stuff into the two story house we were given and ran back to get the leaders of the town together . 
 orin and ret were the leaders of bozlin , and somebody i did n't know was elected the new leader of humurom . 
 they all agreed that the wall should come down . 
 i was a little surprised that they agreed so fast . 
 i caught the next train back to the city and told the president the news . 
 the time was set and a few days later the observation floor of the government building was filled to capacity . 
 everyone i knew was there . 
 we looked out over the city and at the giant dome that would be coming down in a matter of minutes . 
 nara stood close . 
 we all knew what time it would happen . 
 the countdown began with a minute left . 
 i grabbed nara 's hand and did n't let go . 
 i stared at the dome one final time . 
 somewhere deep inside something began to churn , to rumble . 
 all the memories of the last year or so came back in a rush . 
 i started to cry . 
 nara put her other hand around my shoulders as i tried in vain to keep my emotions in check . 
 everyone shouted one ! 
 and the dome flickered . 
 the light faded and cracks formed , slow and small at first , and then becoming larger and faster . 
 we watched in awe as the top gave way and crumbled in on itself . 
 the material was n't anything normal . 
 as it crumbled it turned to bright specks , similar to dust . 
 huge clouds of sparkling wall came up and blocked the destruction of the rest . 
 everyone cheered . 
 i began to laugh from relief . 
 the sparkles cleared and nothing was left . 
 the edge of town led to a forest with trees not seen by azureland for far too long . 
 i could see past the trees into the fields and knew for certain that the adventures really were over . 
 i had accomplished so much . 
 the observation deck emptied but we stayed put . 
 we could see little people rushing into the forest . 
 we sat and watched silently as the world changed . 
 the next morning we were back on a train to our new town . 
 decisions on the newly exposed land would take time . 
 until then i had a great place to live with great people . 
 my life was beginning again . 
 xx the mayor gave me the papers necessary to get a job anywhere in azureland . 
 i got an i.d. card . 
 i chose the surname kilray . 
 it was decided that bozlin and humurom would be rebuilt . 
 the only places that would be left alone would be the two bunkers . 
 they were to become memorials for those who died in the dome . 
 some bozlins and humuroms left to be a part of the rebuild , but most did not . 
 after everything that happened i chose to stay back . 
 azureland was my home , and i did not want that to change . 
 the hunters and stud agreed . 
 we took our journey ship voyage . 
 we left from a coastal town in dizuria and were on the sea for three days . 
 we explored little islands and then came back . 
 the ship had more things to do than the train . 
 we spent our evenings going to dinner theater and watching fireworks . 
 it was hard for me to disassociate fireworks from my previous memory of them . 
 time moved quickly . 
 i woke up each morning and before i knew it i was back in bed . 
 weeks blew by in the quiet and lazy town of new humurom . 
 the businesses employed everyone who could work , with half of the income going back to azureland . 
 no one knew how to use the new technologies and most did not bother with it . 
 the evenings were spent wandering around the park enjoying the summer heat . 
 people dressed like those in the paintings i used to look at in the files office . 
 they now hung in my house . 
 when i looked at them i remembered how much i longed for that life . 
 nara came out to visit at least once a month , and i visited her in wall city just as much . 
 we got married a year after the wall came down . 
 everyone in new humurom came to the wedding . 
 i moved into an apartment in wall city with her . 
 six months later we found out that she was pregnant . 
 mama came frequently after that . 
 our son , joseph milton kilray was born several months later . 
 unfortunately happiness never lasts too long . 
 soon after joseph was born the citizens of new humurom got disturbing news from doctors . 
 the diets that they lived on for so long were slowly killing them . 
 nutrition was a slow acting poison . 
 the older citizens began to die . 
 within two years most of the elderly had died . 
 mama became suddenly very ill when joseph was only three years old . 
 after a short battle with disease she died . 
 it was a hard time for everyone that knew her , but i knew that she believed the extra years she had were a gift . 
 if it had n't been for azureland she would have been gone much sooner . 
 i did n't go back to new humurom for years after that . 
 i did n't want the memories to return all at once . 
 i stayed with nara in wall city . 
 she ran for mayor , narrowly losing . 
 she did n't spend much time feeling bad ; she immediately got ready for the next election three years later , which she won . 
 i took stud 's advice and wrote down everything that happened from finding the case all those years ago to the day the wall came down . 
 i let nara read it and she thought it should be published . 
 i was n't sure at first but came around in the end . 
 the tales of a humurom became a best seller in azureland . 
 it was the first time the whole story came out about the man from the wall . 
 i became known as the father of modern humurom . 
 it was a far reaching title but i took it as the highest compliment . 
 nara won a second term as mayor . 
 it was n't long before i got called back to new humurom for another crisis . 
 stud became ill . 
 he was weaker than most because of his condition when i found him lying in the bomb room . 
 the doctors said he only lasted as long as he did because he was young . 
 i sat by his side as he left this world . 
 it was another hard blow for me . 
 only joseph and nara could snap me out of my sadness . 
 the original humurom 's now had children that took their place in new humurom . 
 morome had twins , lace had four sons , and peter had a daughter . 
 they all married azures . 
 dala got married last , but never had kids . 
 as the years passed we all continued to be very close . 
 i went to all of their weddings and was there shortly after each child was born . 
 we got together for every holiday . 
 nara won reelection twice and finally called a quits after three terms . 
 we had a daughter eight years after joseph . 
 we named her patricia ellen kilray after both of our mothers . 
 twenty years after the wall came down lace died . 
 it was the same disease that came from years of nutrition eating . 
 i made sure to go to a doctor frequently . 
 some of us were too stubborn . 
 morome went a couple of years after his cousin . 
 it was a hard life for a humurom , but we were treated as heroes by the younger generations . 
 they read my story and appreciated our contributions to the world in a historical sense . 
 peter and i often visited schools across the country and told them all about our lives . 
 peter went back to the humurom bunker a lot and came back with stories about how the town around it was built up again . 
 i did n't want to hear about it . 
 now that so many from that time in my life were gone i did n't want to go back . 
 i told myself that if they were still with me i would go , but i knew i would n't even then . 
 the bunker was opened as a museum and peter was there to cut the ribbon . 
 dala and i never understood his wanting to go back . 
 we were both sick of the stories and as we grew older would only tell them if we were forced to . 
 thirty five years after the wall came down peter died . 
 he went out a hero . 
 he had the biggest funeral since gilik 's . 
 it was held in wall city . 
 dala and i went , but we got away from the crowds quick and went back to new humurom . 
 i do n't think people liked us anymore . 
 we were called a lot of names for sneaking away from the funeral . 
 they did n't understand . 
 they had n't lived through what we did , but they talked as though they knew how we felt . 
 nobody knew . 
 we were the last ones left of our home . 
 no other humurom 's were alive by that point . 
 every time i was in new humurom we would get together at the old bakery and talk . 
 we never once mentioned the bunker . 
 old age took us soon enough . 
 we aged differently than everyone else . 
 nara looked great for her age but i looked at least ten years older . 
 i spent much of my time on the balcony of our wall city home and looked out to where the dome once was . 
 i was glad it was gone and i knew how much it cost us to get it down . 
 i just wished all the young kids knew . 
 the newer generations were so used to how the world looked by now that we were no longer recent history as we were in the twenty years following the wall , but ancient history . 
 the years continued to pass . 
 just one month ago was the fiftieth anniversary of the wall coming down . 
 just a few days after that joseph , now a prominent business man , came to tell me dala had died . 
 i sat in my chair that night and thought about all our great adventures together . 
 i felt like things were over for me too . 
 i knew i did n't have much time left . 
 i sat in the same chair for days on end , only getting up to eat or use the bathroom . 
 everyone forgot about me , and i was beginning to forget as well . 
 a doctor came by the other day . 
 he gave me the bad news i had been expecting for years . 
 i secretly wished that i had gone first . 
 but that did n't matter anymore . 
 i was fully prepared to spend my last few days in that chair . 
 that 's when nara came and sat beside me one night . 
 `` i want you to go back to the bunker . '' 
 she said , her white hair flowing down to her shoulders . 
 i took her hand . 
 `` you know i ca n't do that . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 this was the first time she talked to me about the bunker in many years . 
 i thought about it , but could not find any excuse to not go now . 
 she came prepared . 
 joseph and patricia came in . 
 `` we think you should go dad . '' 
 joseph said . 
 `` just once . '' 
 patricia added on . 
 that was it . 
 i did n't have much say in the matter , not that i was willing to fight it . 
 they were right . 
 before i go i should at least get one final look at the place where it all started . 
 we would leave in the morning . 
 patricia did n't come with us ; she had to be at work . 
 she was the mayor of new humurom . 
 it was just me and joseph . 
 he loaded me in the front seat of his car and started for the new freeway . 
 i looked out the window at all the new cities and towns that took the place of the fields i was once so used to . 
 the freeway took us through wall city , which looked almost the same . 
 it was an old city now and was no longer the center of attention . 
 for the first time in years i was back in bozlin . 
 towns were everywhere . 
 the forest was mostly gone now . 
 the only place i recognized was the field with the bunker . 
 i looked at the line of people waiting to try out the entrance grates . 
 just a few minutes later we slowed in a city . 
 if it was n't for the mountain in the distance i would n't have even known where we were . 
 houses and stores were everywhere . 
 i had a hard time looking at it all . 
 my eyes caught something in a glass case on the side of the road next to a church . 
 a cross . 
 i pressed my face to the window and tried to see what the marker said next to it . 
 we went by too fast and i did n't want to go back . 
 joseph pulled into the parking lot next to the mountain . 
 i told him i wanted to go by myself . 
 he helped me out of the car and watched as i went up to the ticket window . 
 they saw who i was and let me through , saying that it was a real joy to have me . 
 the ladder was still there , but there was a lift that took people up now . 
 i got in it with a family who thankfully did n't recognize me . 
 we rose up into the air . 
 i got a good look at the city from up there . 
 maybe i was too hard on it . 
 after all it was better than what i was used to there . 
 the family went in ahead . 
 i took a moment to look at the door , still standing ajar with a giant hole blown out of it . 
 it was roped off . 
 i stepped inside . 
 my footsteps echoed though the busy halls as did everybody else 's . 
 for an instant i thought i was back after a day of hunting . 
 i leaned against the wall for support until i was better . 
 all of the rooms were open with either a rope blocking it or glass covering the entryway . 
 i wandered about getting a feel for everything again . 
 i stopped outside residence 404 . 
 a plaque on the wall told this was hardin 's room and that he went on to become the founder of the country . 
 i could just barely smell the awful stench of all the medicines the medics tried on mama . 
 i laughed a little . 
 i made my way all the way down , looking into all the rooms . 
 it was a much better experience than i ever thought it would be . 
 my pace quickened and i was walking faster than i had in a long time . 
 the dining area was filled with tables and chairs again instead of the beds i had seen on my last trip . 
 i ended the excursion with a look at the old spring , which was not roped off . 
 at the end of the rocky tunnel was a statue of a man and woman in the tattered and old outfits we used to have to wear . 
 it was to commemorate all the lives lost in there over the years . 
 on the back wall were two gold plaques . 
 to the families who lived their lives here and ... to the saviors who liberated them i started to cry . 
 years of feeling like i was forgotten vanished . 
 those of us who lived there were still cared about and we always would be . 
 a boy and his mother came up behind me . 
 `` why is he crying mama ? '' 
 the boy asked . 
 `` this is a sad place . 
 here , let 's leave him alone . '' 
 i laughed quietly to myself through the tears . 
 this was n't a sad place . 
 i did n't know how i could have ever thought it was . 
 this bunker was the happiest place in the entire world . 
 nowhere else could the human spirit be felt so strong . 
 nowhere else could it be said that a few people rejected the rules to make sure everyone had a better life . 
 the hunters and i did n't just save humurom . 
 we saved bozlin and dizuria and maybe even azureland as well . 
 i turned away and went back up to the exit , feeling better than i had in a very long time . 
 i stood on the top of the mountain and looked at the city below me . 
 this was all because one person wanted to get his mother real food . 
 i smiled and began to cry again . 
 i did n't want to look away . 
 i eventually went down and by nightfall was back in my house in new humurom . 
 i told joseph to throw out that old chair i had been sitting in . 
 i went up to my bedroom with a fresh journal . 
 i wanted to write the rest of my story . 
 obits hardin kilay , known to many as the father of modern humurom died last night in his home in new humurom . 
 he was surrounded by friends and family . 
 mr. kilray had just returned from his first visit of the humurom bunker museum and memorial . 
 he was 73 . 
 also by a.s. morrison the last golden rose poiye hardin 's war hardin 's dilemma the tunnel dream the little brown box a translation of inspiration three very short stories evening 's with littleberry and other short stories a. candle 's light 
