 ages in oblivion thrown the sleep trilogy kate gray dedication to d , for still putting up with all of this . 
 acknowledgements song lyrics quoted from wayfaring stranger , public domain , mid 19th c. kate gray copyright 2014 smashwords edition this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 the sky was no longer simply the sky when you lived in space . 
 it was a cold progenitor . 
 wrapped in its embrace , it was easy to fall in love and forget planetary life . 
 it could also bring on madness , to which those not used to the unfaltering darkness were prey . 
 it was the unknowable begetter of life , as well as its end . 
 at the center of the vast portrait lay a sun , a class g2v star , provider of light and chaos . 
 it was a seething mask of eternity , veiling the impermanence that humankind loathed so much . 
 there was no way to escape space on the nimitz , however , as that behemoth structure drifted between the martian asteroid belt and jupiter . 
 it housed nearly seventy thousand people , fifty-five thousand of which were military personnel . 
 since the days when age restrictions on military entry had been altered , ranks swelled accordingly with fourteen-year old privates and sixteen-year old ensigns . 
 the primary distinctions between those two were education and its frequent companion , wealth . 
 not that one could purchase a commission at this late date , not outright , at any rate . 
 those who could afford it paid to have their children sent to military academies that would turn their pre-teens into officers and gentlefolk . 
 the nimitz and its formerly empty cargo spaces had , in the last seven years , been slowly filling with these youthful troops . 
 these wide-eyed adolescents were n't allowed to marry until having turned twenty , nor were they allowed to bring any other family with them . 
 because of this , the nimitz tended to boast a lively and rambunctious atmosphere . 
 it was a self-contained base , a fortress city drifting otherwise serenely through its orbit . 
 there were civilian sections ; as with most other military posts , an economy and need for diversion dictated such things . 
 the commander of this base , colonel jorge `` tark '' tarkington , leaned against a bulkhead while staring out a portside window , lost in thought . 
 as much as he 'd been initially unsure of the posting after his billet had been announced , the nimitz had become both his home and beloved child . 
 the bridge was currently on night shift , nearly empty , and blessedly hushed . 
 substantial solar storms had dropped travel coming and going from earth to the station , as well as from many other neighboring systems , whose inhabitants had adopted a somewhat irritating human-like trait of superstition about the flaming eruptions . 
 after years of lag during these times , the so-called government of earth had decided to follow the nonterrestrial lead and had declared the storm periods to be perennial holidays . 
 tark regularly sent away a good twenty thousand of his people to regular liberty , put another ten on base liberty and tried to make the best of it with the remaining personnel . 
 the crew that stayed behind usually had a trying task in filling their days usefully . 
 there were some creative minds , but tark noted that there was a definitive rise in pranks , alcohol consumption , and general tomfoolery going on . 
 the one person who consistently opted to stay with him sat across the bridge from him at her station . 
 tark turned his head , arms still folded , and contemplated sa’andreniaeu , or as she preferred , `` sa’andy '' , madoc . 
 she was not human . 
 all the colonel 's personnel were aware of a relationship between the two , a fact that prompted both of them to maintain high standards of decorum in public . 
 during this downtime she had volunteered to analyze the terran system for her own people , with an in-depth survey of the planets , and all their satellites . 
 this task was supposed to result in some suitable options for colonization and on-site research stations . 
 it was a mind-numbing ordeal to his mind . 
 apparently it appealed to her perverse sense of entertainment . 
 he decided to go chat with her and infuse some vitality into the otherwise dead atmosphere . 
 having made it halfway across the space , he found himself overwhelmed by an obnoxious aroma . 
 he stopped dead , turned , and soon found himself glaring at the source of the smell . 
 `` lieutenant . '' 
 tark stared down at the other man , trying to blink past the smell . 
 the younger officer hunched over his daily communications reports , trying to look urgently busy . 
 he ventured to peek over his shoulder , knowing full and well what was to come . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 the lieutenant tried and failed to feign ignorance . 
 tark would have gone over to him , and placed a firm hand on his shoulder , but for the offending air . 
 `` what exactly am i smelling ? 
 do n't worry about making it sound interesting . '' 
 `` uh ... well , sir , the thing is , i 've been doing research , and the cessation of laundering of socks is supposed to bring luck . 
 you know , sir , because of the storms . '' 
 he whispered the last word , as though some vengeful spirit might come and punish him . 
 `` i think , that if those things are not removed from your person , and destroyed by your next on-deck time , you 're going to need something more powerful than luck to preserve yourself . '' 
 tark wished his xo was back . 
 this was definitely not his department . 
 lieutenant o’leary , visibly deflated , tried to maintain some degree of bearing and not look like a whipped puppy . 
 `` roger that , sir . 
 i guess i was getting some dirty looks anyway . '' 
 he excused himself , hopefully to find something less redolent of death to wear . 
 tark barely held himself back from slapping a palm to his own forehead . 
 what a weird kid . 
 good officer , but weird . 
 once removed from the polluted air , he took a deep breath of cleaner stuff , and finished his traverse over to sa’andy . 
 deeply engaged by whatever it was that she had found , she stared at what appeared to be a several views of the same image on her console . 
 there was a certain thoughtfulness swirling in his mind as he approached , and a strong impulse made him halt his feet one more time , to peruse her . 
 she had an intense look about her , which overtook her normally placid porcelain beauty . 
 slender fingers selected a section of the display to magnify a certain area . 
 another light touch and the same area popped up into three-dimensional display . 
 she manipulated the image until it skewed in the direction she wanted , like a gyroscope , and then she froze it , mid-spin . 
 there she sat , chin upon fists , looking at the image as though she expected it to start conversing with her . 
 while he stood still , the lights changed to signal the start of the day shift . 
 a subdued rustling denoted the changing of the guard , accompanied both by sighs of relief and resignation . 
 for an instant , sa’andy lifted her head to take note , and tark felt his breath catch . 
 the overhanging light enveloped her , until it transformed her face into a luminous oval of pale fire . 
 completing the scene was the mass of her gleaming black hair , which flowed and coiled fluidly around her skull , down her back and over her shoulders . 
 she seemed to expand into the air around her . 
 it might have been hours before he finally became aware of the passage of time again . 
 the art of her receded , until finally , he could move again . 
 by that point , she had noticed him . 
 her smile was knowing , leaving tark nothing more than to blush a lovely shade of plum . 
 he stumbled to recover himself . 
 `` have you found anything ? 
 otherwise i 'll feel terrible that you got stuck with this job . '' 
 he wanted nothing more than to place his hand on the back of her neck . 
 too many people standing around . 
 she gleamed another tiny smile at him . 
 `` you are fully aware of course , that i asked for this job . '' 
 sa’andy hummed while she zeroed in on whatever it was that she 'd been working on . 
 tark leaned forward , in a mood to be funny . 
 `` oh , i see . 
 does that mean you 've discovered that jupiter 's core consists of peanut butter ? 
 or that pluto is populated by dogs ? '' 
 he grinned widely as sa’andy responded with a human gesture that she 'd picked up . 
 an indigo-tinged tongue flicked out at him . 
 `` very nice . '' 
 he feigned a scowl . 
 `` did you learn that in training ? '' 
 she smiled serenely , keeping her voice low . 
 `` if you would stop offering idiotic commentary , i would tell you what i actually have found . '' 
 `` be my guest . '' 
 he swept his arm out to the image she 'd been studying . 
 she bowed her head , mock-deferentially , and pointed at it . 
 a touch to the panel expanded the view , and it became evident that the image was that of a planet , or perhaps a moon . 
 tark frowned at the orb . 
 `` which one is this ? '' 
 `` europa , mostly ice , iron core . 
 uninhabited and undeveloped as of yet , thanks to your government 's laws . '' 
 she slowly spun the image in lazy contemplation . 
 though he chided himself for not knowing , tark already knew that it was because his military specialty had been intelligence . 
 he did n't concern himself with scientific details about the terran system planets and moons unless they were being invaded . 
 running the nimitz was detail heavy enough . 
 `` so , what 's there ? 
 someone finally buy enough lawmakers to put up a new luxury resort ? '' 
 he was still transfixed by her , rather than by anything she might have to say . 
 she held back a sigh . 
 he could be so ... what was that human word ... silly , whenever he was talking to her . 
 `` there appears to be some sort of hidden object . 
 i mean , it 's disguised , intentionally , through some sort of non-naturally occurring signature on a thermal level . '' 
 she transferred the image onto a larger screen about ten feet in front of them . 
 it became more apparent what sa’andy was talking about then . 
 there was an area , about twenty by five meters , which was mimicking the temperature readings directly next to it . 
 the `` trick '' would never have been apparent to the naked eye . 
 a passive electrical signature had given it away . 
 once stripped of the frigid temperatures the moon gave off , a boxlike construct was visible . 
 whatever it was , tark had an urge to see it . 
 how strange , he thought , i feel like a little kid who 's just found a time capsule . 
 `` what the hell is it ? '' 
 he said it louder than he 'd intended . 
 the entire forward observation crew went silent , all eyes on the ghostly image , all ears waiting for an answer . 
 `` from where we are , it 's impossible to know . 
 we need to go and get it , do n't you think ? '' 
 she looked at him seriously . 
 `` there should be nothing on this moon . 
 europa was set aside ages ago . 
 off-limits . '' 
 her gut twisted as she recited what she 'd been told to say . 
 `` i agree fully with your assessment . 
 question is : whom do i send ? '' 
 he mused aloud , almost instantly realizing his mistake . 
 too late now . 
 the crew was silent a second longer , closing and opening a collective mouth like drowning fish . 
 an eruption ensued , flooding the area with voices and pleas . 
 tark moaned inwardly , knowing that he 'd offered too little sustenance to intellectually starved men and women . 
 blowing a sigh of frustration , he looked to sa’andy for help . 
 it was terrible , but he knew he could rely on her to do her magic and save him . 
 actually , it was a good thing that she was n't an actual member of his crew , or under his command . 
 that would have been trouble a long while ago . 
 all they had to contend with was working together , and the giant rumor mill of the military . 
 even that was too much at times , he supposed . 
 just looking at him , she could see the wheels grinding along . 
 he had n't slept more than a few hours a night for some time , claiming insomnia . 
 she suspected instead that it was some attempt to keep pace with her . 
 her species had evolved to sleep half their brains at a time . 
 that meant she could be conscious whenever she liked , and tark did n't like to leave her by herself all the time . 
 in fact , his attentiveness was lately at an all-time high . 
 when they 'd first met , it had taken a while for sa’andy to come around to his affections . 
 she 'd been more than a little certain that he would lose interest once her novelty had worn off . 
 this theorem had proven incorrect ; tark had grown more enamored with each passing minute of contact . 
 because she had finally relented , there had been more than a few nights of surprises for them both . 
 she did not regret her change of heart in the slightest . 
 to be with tark , she 'd rejected suitors of her own species who were seen as highly desirable by other females back home . 
 naturally , she was considered quite mad back on her home world . 
 a mad scientist , she thought cheerfully . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll handle assignments . 
 you go and have a breather , maybe try that cafe that opened a few months back . '' 
 and take a nap , she would have added , but he was already trudging away . 
 ۞ there was a new cafe on board ? 
 he ought to get out more . 
 there was no telling what else might have sprouted up recently . 
 he got the name of the place , and found that he had actually heard of it before . 
 the large-sized business was crowded for breakfast , but was blessedly hushed . 
 he guessed morning had that effect on most individuals , regardless of species . 
 there were a number of varied individuals clustered in yawning packs throughout the rooms of the cafe . 
 tark paused to soak in this new scene . 
 the main area of the cavernous space was the bar , with tables pushed against the walls . 
 a deeper recess held couches , providing a more intimate gathering spot . 
 but the most interesting feature was a huge boulder , strategically cut to provide more seating . 
 this was littered with large cushions , all of which were occupied by reclining bodies . 
 one group seemed to be locked in a heated , but good-natured debate over some intransigence of politics or another . 
 two of them were human , one was of sa’andy 's people , and the other two were heavily furred creatures of great height . 
 the latter two were humoring the hushed furor around them with a great deal of what one might call snickering . 
 he walked up to the barista and ordered vaguely , the only stipulation being caffeination . 
 he let the girl have free rein to create whatever she liked . 
 eyebrow raised , she set to work , wondering whether it was a practical joke or a test to have the station commander pop in unannounced . 
 she peeked over her shoulder at him , wishing she 'd washed her hair that morning , rather than leaving it wound around and tied up in a scarf . 
 regrets ... oh well . 
 the barista mustered up her sultriest smile and handed him a latte , crisscrossed by salted caramel drizzle . 
 tark smiled back at her , noting the slightly crazed look in her eyes . 
 he recalled sa’andy 's dry remarks as regarding female attentions toward him . 
 at the time , he 'd been inclined to disregard her words as exaggeration . 
 since then , he 'd begun to notice these looks . 
 he wondered if it had always gone on , or was a new development . 
 it was n't as though he was as rakishly handsome as his executive officer , after all . 
 now , there was a man who fished for attention and usually landed it . 
 with that thought as accompaniment , he strode back to his quarters , seeking out privacy , as well as the warmth and comfort of the space he shared with sa’andy . 
 once inside , he sat gripping his mug of coffee , trying not to lose his comfort or think about the container . 
 he drifted into a light slumber . 
 as the forgotten sensation gripped him , he twitched while the mug trembled slightly . 
 steaming liquid hissed at its sides . 
 luckily the entire contents did n't pour into his lap . 
 relaxation finally and thoroughly found him and pushed him into a brief oblivion . 
 ۞ just outside in the immutable blackness , a small towing craft was returning with their mysterious find . 
 it was still a good ten minutes away from their location , guaranteeing a few more moments of respite for tark . 
 now serenely encased in a sleepy cocoon , a wake-up call would be like an ice bath when it came . 
 at that moment , he was dreaming of a childhood memory . 
 about the only event of nature he could clearly recall ; a summer thunderstorm . 
 he 'd been traveling in the reclaimed frontierlands with his parents . 
 those were the places given back to wildness after the last recent wars on earth . 
 the soil had been hard and warm , angrily seething at the invading moisture . 
 in the landscape of this dream , thunder shuddered across the sky . 
 he trembled against it . 
 thor , of his favorite mythology , chased loki across the sky , threatening to crush him with his thunder . 
 tark came to , feeling lightheaded , smelling the long-buried scent of rain . 
 he looked around , taking in peaceful surroundings . 
 half the day had passed . 
 he rubbed his eyes , and stretched , while anxiety crept in . 
 it was the lingering aftereffect of his dream . 
 a tangible connection to whatever was being towed back to the station . 
 it must nearly be here . 
 he felt that he could sense it just outside , as though it was watching and sizing him up . 
 looking at his tablet , he could see a dozen or so messages regarding the progress of the retrieval . 
 definitively an artifact . 
 earthmade origin seems probable . 
 possibilities sprang to mind . 
 time capsule , experimental station , or any number of other things . 
 there were dna storage projects he had heard about , seed storage ... well , it no good to anyone to sit around speculating . 
 he groaned to his feet , yawning as he walked out the door . 
 ۞ tark got to the cargo area a few minutes later . 
 the bay was still cold from decompression . 
 he could see his breath , and shivered a bit . 
 their find was much larger than he 'd imagined , even having known the dimensions . 
 it was comprised of dulled grey titanium , erratically streaked with prismatic color . 
 there were two thick plated hatches ; these looked like the proverbial window painted shut . 
 presumed to operate the hatches were old hydraulic hinges , though they were completely seized up , according to the mechanics and engineer . 
 `` sir , we 've managed to hack our way through the locking mechanism . 
 if you 'll just stand back , we 'll give a shot opening this can up . '' 
 he obliged , feeling his fists ball up in anticipation . 
 this was the most notable thing to take place since the beginning of his tour here , never mind the storm periods . 
 as promised , the hatches eventually began to move , groaning out of an ancient sleep . 
 it took five minutes for them to pry the doors open wide enough to allow passage through . 
 just as they were about to give up and leave it , the thick titanium plates mischievously gave way to the pressure , sending six befuddled men and women crashing to the floor . 
 an odd off-white mist billowed out , and almost immediately , ice crystals formed around the frame of the entrance . 
 tark squinted through the mist as he cautiously crossed the distance and went inside . 
 he was followed closely by anyone else who could fit into the space . 
 an audible intake of breath collectively sounded as the container began to give up its mysteries . 
 nine compartments surrounded them , all with a glassed area at the top of each outline . 
 these windows shaped like half moons ; they were dimly lit from within . 
 tark approached the forwardmost compartment and polished clean condensation formed from the outside moisture . 
 his jaw fell slack in surprise , while he drew in a clean knife of air that seconds later gave him goose bumps . 
 there was a young woman inside , her head tilted slightly back , eyes closed . 
 what could be seen of her face was unbelievably pale . 
 it was an unbearable semblance of death . 
 it frightened tark on some level he could not grasp . 
 a mask covered the rest of her face completely , possibly to feed oxygen or protect from the cold . 
 her hair was fine and straight , to her shoulders . 
 its color was elusive ; as he moved from side to side , he watched it shift in the flickering lights . 
 one moment it seemed red , the next , brown . 
 he wondered if she would be as difficult to pin down as her hair . 
 the rest of her body was covered similarly , giving nothing away . 
 around tark , other personnel crowded in , peering into the other windows . 
 six were occupied , came the final count , two empty , one ... expired . 
 tark maneuvered himself over to the spot where broken glass scattered around the floor , and saw for himself the mummified remains of some unfortunate soul . 
 surely that would mean the rest of these people were alive , would n't it ? 
 or were they just exceedingly well-frozen ? 
 he called the clinic , praying that one of the better docs was on duty . 
 his joy was to be denied ; soon enough one of his less-favorite individuals was making her way into the confines of the container . 
 `` they 're all human . '' 
 the doctor observed this to no one in particular as she elbowed her way in . 
 she moved authoritatively around the space , touching what appeared to be terminals and computer relays . 
 the engineer politely requested that she stop , earning himself a nasty glare in the process . 
 the doctor noticed colonel tarkington standing transfixed in front of one particular stasis chamber . 
 involuntarily , her eyes rolled in disgust . 
 he was someone she could have admired , had he not gotten involved with that off-worlder . 
 she had her own private thoughts on non-humans , none of them very pleasant . 
 her name was commander maria hawke . 
 at times , she was capable of being a competent physician . 
 a bare minimum of her energies went into caring for the ill . 
 the rest was poured into doing the work she believed she had been sent to carry out . 
 she was not a missionary , not of the traditional baptismal sort . 
 the word she secretly preached was something else entirely . 
 it was a call to arms and action , to panic and fear . 
 it was not new . 
 during her tenure aboard the nimitz , she had carefully concealed her work . 
 at least , her vanity let her think that . 
 she 'd had been some near misses . 
 a low profile was necessary in order to serve the group that had secured her this posting . 
 they had given her that message more than once . 
 this was a sticking point for her . 
 it went against her every desire to remain a faceless servant . 
 after the last warning , however , she 'd realized she could only push her masters just so far . 
 anyway , eventually everything would be put to rights . 
 her role would become indispensable when the next phase of their grand plan was implemented . 
 she had done everything in her power to make certain of it . 
 tark , for his part , had noticed her behavior long ago , at first thinking that it might have been work stress-related . 
 many people cracked up a little on space rotation , especially if they 'd been born planetside . 
 if you could n't handle it , you got out . 
 transfers were n't uncommon , after all . 
 in time , he had come to know better the reasons for her behavior . 
 there was a small stack of complaints regarding her refusal to treat non-human patients . 
 there was a history of vague threat making . 
 she was under his command , strictly speaking , but every attempt he 'd made in the way of disciplinary action had been denied . 
 he took that as an indication that she 'd gotten her position through some form of nepotism . 
 it was aggravating , but he 'd taken the hint . 
 leave her alone . 
 this did n't mean he had to ignore her actions , merely that he could n't do much about them . 
 he sighed for what seemed like the hundredth time that day , wishing his xo was by his side . 
 dmitry always seemed to know how to handle hawke . 
 dr. hawke peered over tark 's shoulder . 
 the woman inside the compartment had seemingly hypnotized him . 
 at least this one was human , she thought , maybe there was hope after all . 
 from what could be seen of her , symmetry of features lent to speculation that she might be pretty . 
 hawke felt the itch of a memory tickling at her brain . 
 she tried to think more clearly , but the thought ran off . 
 cryogenics was still a largely unexplored science , primarily because there were n't any successful cases to work from . 
 perhaps these people could change that . 
 if she was the one to do it , it would be her name circulating . 
 she allowed herself a brief fantasy of recognition , perhaps coming with an undemanding research position . 
 if they would only allow it . 
 personnel moved ceaselessly around her . 
 her thoughts continued along their own unbroken path . 
 she recalled how there had once been those who 'd sought out her honest and outspoken views . 
 she 'd been encouraged to look beyond the surface of so many things , to see the roots of evil hidden below . 
 through the years , her supporters had faded into wan shades of themselves . 
 they had n't liked some of the notoriety that had followed doctor hawke . 
 ultimately , this had been the reason for her entry into the military . 
 she 'd been granted a commission and sent somewhere far enough away to keep out of trouble , but near enough to keep her under control . 
 if she had been more introspective , she might have realized it . 
 instead , she viewed her current circumstances as the sort of menial work one must put in to attain eventual glory . 
 her stupor was broken by the sound of the colonel 's voice . 
 `` let 's wake them . '' 
 he chewed his lip after tossing out the order . 
 strangely , he had n't yet thought of this as a situation that would be dictated by command , so much as by science . 
 but there it was . 
 he stood silently by as the enlisted personnel moved in sync with their officers , getting things started . 
 this in spite a lack of fully understanding the direction in which they were headed . 
 did they know what they were getting into ? 
 the compartments were opened with far less resistance compared to the larger door . 
 carefully , with the delicate touch of archaeologists , they extricated cold bodies from metal tombs . 
 tark found himself needing to let go of the particulars of the mystery for now . 
 he had n't come to any plan of action , and he could n't come up with any tangible reason not to inform his command . 
 yet , he found himself reluctant to compose that message . 
 the need to do so was an undeniable eventuality , if only to keep ahead of rumor-mongering . 
 he did feel that it would be wise to proceed carefully when informing others of this find . 
 in order to protect these unknown persons lying in deathlike repose , if nothing else . 
 they were now on gurneys , perhaps to be ponderously making their way back to life . 
 if there was any way for tark to make a promise to protect them , and still fulfill the oath of his office , he 'd do it . 
 he glanced back at the first of the `` patients '' , the dark-haired woman . 
 no clues as to her origin stood out on closer inspection . 
 she was pushed out the hatch and down toward the naval clinic . 
 he watched as the remaining five moved past him to join the strange caravan , while medical staff worked over them on the fly . 
 three men , three women , in all . 
 the men were of a common height . 
 one was white-blond with chiseled features , very deliberate . 
 the second had the look of a man who had learnt all the secrets of the universe , so peaceful and wise was his sleeping demeanor . 
 the last male was more broadly built ; a scar ran from an eyebrow into his dark red hair . 
 one of the nurses commented that the last one would seem more natural with a long beard , animal skins , and a battle-ax . 
 tark felt the truth of that , purely from a visual standpoint . 
 the women were more diverse . 
 besides the one who had been pulled out first , there was a woman whose hair was braided in tiny plaits . 
 it was gathered into a large knot at the back of her neck , where it continued down her back . 
 she was dark , beautiful , frozen into perfect form . 
 she was not as tall as the first woman was , not nearly so . 
 nor was the last one , who was fair , dusky blond , and curvy . 
 she was pretty and compact ; an embodiment of captured energy , like an insect trapped in amber . 
 ۞ a swirling black hole looms in the distance , sucking everything in , wrestling consciousness away from helpless bodies . 
 later , she would say that was her last waking memory . 
 now , something tugged at her , splintering the darkness into needles of crystallized vision . 
 she sucked air in , out , in , out ; she was swimming in warm waters . 
 yes , she was swimming , on vacation with her parents . 
 six years old , ducking under the sunny waves like a mermaid , until a voice called . 
 little fish , come out of the water , time to leave . 
 back to a landlocked existence . 
 she ignored the calls a while longer , exchanging grins with chirping dolphins , tickling painted fish that were almost tame . 
 even so , air runs out . 
 her head bobbed above the surface , and that dream of childhood faded . 
 something unknown tugged on her again from above , then yanked ... hard . 
 the young woman lay on an examination bed . 
 she started to move slightly , and startled everyone with a sudden cry . 
 tark questioned doctor hawke with a gesture ; she shook her head in response . 
 they waited , anticipating the woman 's next motion , sound , or response . 
 it seemed to span an eternity before finally her eyes flew open to blink away tears from the assault of light . 
 their patient gasped , feeling her heart protest after the flood of chemicals and electric stimuli had caused it to resume its normal function . 
 oh , it ... hurt ? 
 yes , hurt . 
 things inside her began to move , and she knew somehow that they had n't moved in a very long while . 
 her lungs filled with air again , carrying a familiar scent . 
 sanity and civilization . 
 she could n't think whether she belonged to either of those or not . 
 the fabric of her memory was ragged and moth-eaten . 
 squeezing eyes shut , she concentrated so painfully she thought her ears might start oozing blood . 
 her brain struggled to respond to these internal pleadings . 
 thoughts jostled into place ; years , months , days , until she began to slide down an unmarked crevasse . 
 there was something missing in her mind , hidden just out of reach . 
 every time she thought she had a glimpse , it would dart away into the shadows . 
 tark watched her face change expressions , wishing he knew what was going on inside her head . 
 it was almost excruciating to witness this silence . 
 she opened her eyes again after about ten minutes , and the look she gave him crushed him like the gravity of dying stars . 
 she was living across time and space , not yet aware of the darkness of the vacuum just outside , trying to find familiar territory . 
 it was time to ask questions , to sort out this tangled mess . 
 `` hello there . 
 good to see you awake . 
 i 'm colonel jorge tarkington . 
 can you tell me your name ? '' 
 his voice echoed back to him , while he realized that he 'd addressed her as one would a child . 
 hawke was in the background , after he 'd firmly told her to stand aside . 
 this was not something he trusted her to handle . 
 `` what is this ? 
 am i in a hospital ? '' 
 faces gazed at her , unreadable , refusing to offer even a crumb of comfort . 
 someone say something . 
 please . 
 the colonel person continued to watch her expectantly . 
 `` maeve . '' 
 she finally offered this while stubbornly withholding a surname . 
 he smiled . 
 `` what 's the last date you remember ? '' 
 he continued to watch her carefully . 
 0what kind of a question was that ? 
 come to it , what kind of a hospital was this supposed to be ? 
 she put a trembly hand to her forehead , hoping that she was having some sort of hallucination . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 a lot of guys want to buy me dinner . 
 you might have to be more specific . '' 
 was she playing around with him ? 
 or was she really that out of sorts ? 
 tark was n't looking to force her cooperation . 
 it was up to him to set a tone , clearly . 
 tark tried to squelch his impatience . 
 all the excitement of what was going on had gotten to him more than he 'd realized , but that was n't going to bring answers . 
 serenity , on the other hand , might . 
 he drew in a deep breath and plunged in , trying to imagine how he might react what she was about to hear . 
 `` there 's no way to sugar-coat this , but there is something you should know about where you are . '' 
 not to mention when . 
 `` as far as we can tell , you have been in some sort of stasis for an indeterminate period of time . '' 
 it had to be a joke , but the face of the colonel belied only seriousness . 
 she struggled with emotion . 
 even worse , her brain still felt like it was running on quarter speed . 
 it was an effort to follow what this person was saying to her . 
 there was a little too much to take in all at once . 
 it was ridiculous though , because she could n't immediately recall how she would have ended up in a cryogenic -lrb- was that the right term ? 
 she could n't think straight -rrb- facility . 
 she was n't even sure she had ever given the technology any kind of credence , either . 
 why could n't she think clearly ? 
 a doctor-looking lady spoke up , anticipatory in her tone . 
 `` i think we should begin to revive the others . 
 it 's evident that ... '' she seemed ready to give a dissertation . 
 maeve cut off the woman . 
 `` others ? 
 what others ? 
 why did n't you mention that yet ? '' 
 she was getting agitated . 
 they had to get her to lie back . 
 she acquiesced , knowing that she was at the mercies of these people . 
 she was powerless . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 tark said simply , and sent hawke off to finish reviving the rest of the occupants of the container . 
 once she 'd gone , he clearly felt freer to speak . 
 he looked the young woman over , still feeling a protective urge that he could n't explain . 
 blood flow had resumed its normal rate ; she was not so pale as she had been . 
 death had removed its hand from her brow , and he was glad of it . 
 the rest would take time to be regained . 
 she looked exhausted and frail to the point of hollowness . 
 a week or two in the long-term care facility ought to help . 
 `` do you feel alright ? '' 
 she nodded , mouth set grimly against spoken word . 
 he tried again . 
 `` would you like to know what year this is ? 
 it might be a shock to you though , i suppose , if our people have dated your ship accurately . '' 
 to that , her lips parted , and hovered , half open for a long pause before she said anything . 
 `` tell me . 
 let me in on the big secret . '' 
 she might have been sarcastic , but the malice was absent . 
 her voice was barely above a whisper , conspiratorial . 
 `` twenty-two seventy-six . '' 
 he pulled back , inches really , would n't have done much good if she 'd wanted to grab at him , but his point was made . 
 she stared at him , as though she could will his words to unhappen . 
 maybe it was a practical joke . 
 that was a moderately comforting thought . 
 ah , or even more sensibly , a training exercise . 
 wait , training for what ? 
 the big blank spot in her brain mocked her . 
 `` well . 
 what do you know . 
 i ca n't think of a single thing to say that would make sense of any of this . 
 and i 'd usually have some clever remark , i think . '' 
 she sighed , and looked down at the floor . 
 it was just a matter of being utterly confused . 
 not that big a deal . 
 maybe a bolt of lightning would come through the roof of this place and remove her from the land of giving a crap . 
 `` i have a feeling that things will sort themselves out . 
 in the meantime , let me be the first to welcome you on board the nimitz . '' 
 he swept an arm outward , presumably to indicate the entirety of the place . 
 she frowned . 
 `` as in the admiral ? 
 like we 're on a ship ? '' 
 she still did n't quite get it . 
 wrong kind of ocean . 
 `` well , more like the vacuum of space than water , and more like a big giant military base than a ship . '' 
 he was n't sure what she was making of all this . 
 `` do n't i feel smart . 
 could someone just hit me in the head with a blunt object and make the bad man go away ? '' 
 she was holding her head again . 
 tark was n't sure who the `` bad man '' was , but he suspected that it was a turn of phrase , and not directed at him . 
 he did n't have a chance to try and figure it out though ; hawke was back to making pronouncements . 
 the naval clinic had turned into a center of activity with the other five bodies on the tables . 
 the doctor moved from station to station , waving her hands and giving loud instructions to her nurses and interns . 
 maeve struggled to her elbow , straining to see faces , desperate for a flicker of memory . 
 anything that might seem familiar in this strange , cold place would be a balm to her battered sensibilities . 
 she shivered with tension and fear , and suddenly wondered why three people were missing . 
 `` doc ? '' 
 maeve raised her voice as loudly as she could muster . 
 hawke could n't hear her . 
 everything came to a dead halt when a piercing whistle screamed above the rest of the noise . 
 `` sorry . 
 where are the other three ? 
 i thought there were nine of us . '' 
 maeve felt the startlement of realization that they had said six , but that she had somehow felt a different number surface in her mind . 
 the doctor looked momentarily sheepish , then stiffened . 
 `` there were nine ; one compartment was breached , its occupant , expired . 
 two other bod ... persons were missing . '' 
 one dead , two vanished . 
 she felt that there was a specific someone she should be looking for , someone very important to her , context or significance was out of place . 
 or time . 
 she had a sudden urge to jump up and scream , though it would be less than helpful . 
 hell , it might even make everyone in charge here think she was in need of psychiatric help . 
 the overhead lights flickered in front of her eyes , and she saw a movie-like scene playing out behind her eyes . 
 ... water casually washed the shoreline of the gulf coast , eerily placid after the late summer tropical storm that had sulked a mile offshore , never touching land . 
 it was still rising swells the size of baby elephants in some places . 
 here , on this night , it was calm and smiled the thumbnail moon back at maeve and ... `` are you alright ? '' 
 tark grasped her shoulder lightly and looked at her with furrowed brow . 
 `` this is just a huge shock to the system . '' 
 that was it , beginning , middle ... end . 
 she was n't giving him anything else , if she remembered anything else at all . 
 she was still a little groggy . 
 her speech slurred now and again , giving away as they talked how far she had yet to go . 
 ۞ hawke looked around her hospital with an emotion she rarely felt . 
 satisfaction . 
 now , five other cryogenic patients stared suspiciously at their new surroundings , while personnel took their names , dates of birth . 
 but no matter how you looked at it , this could be hers alone . 
 this significant little piece of scientific accomplishment belonged to her . 
 in spite of the reprimands she 'd gotten , she knew she had to do this . 
 there was no way she was going to keep it a secret like the colonel thought they should . 
 he 'd see , when she got a nice citation . 
 maybe the wheels would get greased a little and some of her other requests would get paid attention to finally . 
 smiling most peculiarly -lrb- at least that 's what her nurses whispered to each other -rrb- , she made her way into her office and composed a message to send back to earth . 
 things would begin to change here and now . 
 ۞ `` dammit ! '' 
 rikert shirk , second lieutenant , -lrb- young and pretty much freshly pressed -rrb- whacked a panel inside the cryogenics container . 
 he cursed a few more times for good measure . 
 his chief warrant officer , 2nd grade , popped his head around a corner , and grinned when he saw the look of consternation on his lieutenant 's face . 
 the warrant officer was called patrick , but he preferred paddy when he was three pints down . 
 he 'd been working on the lad , but those shiny butter bars had given the kid a touch of gold fever . 
 it was a common affliction ; it was a warrant officer 's purview to cure him of it . 
 `` whatsa matter , sir ? '' 
 he tried to slip in a tiny bit of sarcastic inflection on the ` sir ' , knowing how it gave the lieutenant the twitches . 
 `` this old beast giving you problems with which you can not cope ? '' 
 rikert did not prefer his own nickname , but everyone called him by it anyway . 
 it was a joke from the locker rooms , taken on a life of its own . 
 dick glared at the mirthful cwo , who had a wicked gleam in his eye . 
 `` i 'm giving you fair warning , chief , you start harassing me , and i wo n't go so easy on the pitch during our football match this week . '' 
 patrick wheeled back in mock horror . 
 `` if you go and break my legs , who will keep my wife in the manner to which she 's accustomed ? 
 just tell me what the problem is , sir . '' 
 he grinned at himself . 
 `` i can handle it . 
 you have better things to do than mollycoddle me . '' 
 patrick sighed at the stubbornness of the man , tossed his hands up , and shook his head mournfully . 
 `` are n't you a bit old , sir , to be acting like a greenstick ? 
 in donegal , '' he glared as dick choked back a snort of derision , `` there are bloody sheep with more bloody sense . 
 bleeding irish sheep , they are . '' 
 that made the lieutenant crack a tiny smile , and he sucked in his pride to ask for help . 
 `` oh all right . 
 i would have had this behemoth up and running an hour ago , but every time i try to access it , it goes crazy and shuts down . 
 i just do n't get it . '' 
 patrick closed his eyes and muttered softly in gaelic , leaving dick to chew his lip unassuredly for a brief agonizing time . 
 `` begging your pardon sir , but i might point out something that may have not occurred to you yet ? 
 technologists were just beginning to piece together the first infant artificial intelligence systems at the point this hunk of metal was cobbled together . 
 you 're dealing with an antique . 
 do n't get caught up in trying to make it do what you think it ought . '' 
 patrick knew that he could be perceived as overstepping the boundaries between the two men , or possibly even insulting the lad . 
 he figured that his twenty-three years in service could justify a little scolding , at the very least . 
 he watched with a careless peripheral interest as dick worked around the new limitations set upon him , gently nudging wires and boards . 
 this continued on for a quarter of an hour . 
 out of the blue , the aged screens winked a sleepy eye , and burst into a scene of animated waves crashing . 
 patrick leaned forward with interest , repressing the urge to touch the keypads . 
 dick was surprised enough that he jumped up out of his seat , banging his head on the bulkhead above . 
 he shot patrick a filthy look when the older man could be heard stifling a laugh . 
 then he looked back to the monitor , realizing that patrick was pointing to it insistently . 
 the computer was alive , and now waiting to be commanded . 
 hokusai 's waves moved around imperial japan in a repetitive cycle . 
 it was what dick did not recognize immediately to be a screensaver , although he was familiar with the artwork . 
 the thing ran its diagnostics , computed the date -lrb- a few hundred years short , which might mean something , though dick was n't sure what -rrb- , and immediately blipped into a program that functioned with a number of options for input . 
 `` i hate dinosaurs ... '' dick started muttering technological jargon under his breath , running through systems tables and variances . 
 he had a talent and a habit for doing that , because of a photographic memory , and an underactive social life . 
 patrick shook his head at the young man for about the hundredth time today alone and walked off to investigate the individual chamber controls . 
 `` come on , passenger manifest , puh-leezz , i want pictures , dates , favorite colors , anything ! '' 
 `` find anything ? '' 
 the sudden noise snapped whiplike through dick , causing him to rocket to his feet , and smash his knees into the control panel . 
 cursing mentally at the throbbing , now through his head and thighs , all while fighting the urge to fall over in pain ; he turned to face the source of the voice , and stopped dead his planned tirade . 
 `` sorry , i did n't mean to startle you , but i 'm curious as to how well the retrieval process is coming . '' 
 colonel tarkington stood immediately to their rear . 
 `` sorry , sir ... '' `` shirk , is it ? '' 
 `` right , yes . '' 
 he thought for a moment . 
 `` how are they adjusting ? '' 
 `` bit early to tell for sure , but they all seem well enough . '' 
 tark peered at the computer monitor , and then over at the diagnostics array . 
 `` we 've got access , still looking for any files that might give us ... you the information you asked for , sir . '' 
 lieutenant shirk twitched uncomfortably under the steady scrutiny of his commanding officer . 
 tark smiled inwardly and shared a knowing look with the chief . 
 shirk could be no more than eighteen . 
 his billet must have been won through sheer brilliance ... . 
 `` lay it on me , lieutenant . '' 
 ۞ so-called lieutenant dick had piled the technical trash high , explaining with elaborate intensity the problems he was having trying to reconstruct the recalcitrant hunk of silicate and metals known as their onboard computer . 
 not that it was broken , at least not physically , but after nearly three hundred years , even having been kept in optimal conditions , it had geriatric problems . 
 it was damned lucky that they 'd found those people when they had . 
 shirk had said the onboard systems were at failure point before he 'd worked on them . 
 tark noticed sa'andy gazing at him peripherally , and he rolled his eyes gently , while hers snapped back into place . 
 she smiled like a guileless schoolchild , though he suspected the affectation was designed purely for his benefit . 
 he already knew she was secretly so pleased with herself she could n't stand it . 
 no sense in encouraging her , but he was strangely pleased as well . 
 ۞ she wanted to be stronger than she was , but weakness was stalking her like a tiger . 
 three weeks had gone by in a blurry haze . 
 she still felt exhausted and queasy . 
 it had been difficult to stand unassisted , let alone walk . 
 maeve looked down at her body for the millionth time , willing there to be a visible change . 
 there 'd been an infusion of some sort every few hours for the first few days , with promises of smoothies once her body could tolerate it . 
 the thought of ingesting anything had not been terribly appealing , but the sooner she improved , the better . 
 sitting in bed was approximate to losing her mind , if there was anything left at all to lose . 
 she felt the prickling of an active intellect protesting all the sitting still , and went back to the only exercise she 'd been able to do . 
 one by one , she contracted muscles , holding each one for a count of ten , over and over . 
 that done , she moved on to jiggling her legs as they were , stretched out in front of her . 
 physical therapy was scheduled to start soon , but she preferred to try and be ahead of expectations . 
 a nurse came in , smiling at her in the way nurses do when they 're about to tell a patient something not fun for anyone . 
 indeed . 
 it was time for a wheelchair ride , was n't that a nice step forward ? 
 no . 
 not really . 
 not unless it was a ride back home , back in time . 
 the nurse kept up a smile , ignoring the acerbity of her patient . 
 maeve sullenly allowed herself to be manhandled into a sitting position . 
 then into the chair . 
 then the bombshell . 
 it was social hour . 
 everyone was doing well enough to come out and say hello . 
 maeve wondered how many people would be witnessing this supposed reunion . 
 she 'd been trying to get her brain back in working order over those three weeks , without a great deal of success . 
 there was still a blank hole , blocking any progress . 
 it was beginning to be a tiresome theme . 
 maybe seeing some faces would spark a memory . 
 this realization gave her a tiny bit of hope . 
 there had to be forward motion in this mess somewhere , right ? 
 she sighed and allowed the nurse to roll her out into a common room . 
 five other people sat around in roughly the same state that she was . 
 well , at least there was that . 
 they were all wearing what she was wearing . 
 standard issue shorts and tees in a lovely shade of olive green that was familiar if nothing else . 
 they chatted quietly as she was wheeled in , falling silent once she was in their midst . 
 looks were exchanged , and maeve found herself thinking that this did n't appear to be the first time they 'd been together . 
 she was trying to think of something to say when a lanky , unbelievably blonde man saved them all from the awkward silence . 
 `` do you remember any of us ? '' 
 us , she thought . 
 confirmation of some sort . 
 nonetheless , she looked at each of them carefully . 
 there were no bells , no moments of unadulterated lucidity . 
 just one face in the crowd stuck with her . 
 she could n't have forgotten him even if she 'd tried . 
 he saw something in her eye , a spark , and grinned . 
 `` well , '' they exchanged glances laced with familiarity . 
 maeve took that as further proof that they , evidently , all had no problems with their memories . 
 she felt as though she should know all of them . 
 there was sense of familiarity that she could n't explain otherwise . 
 but no path made itself clear to her . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 we 're a little hazy ourselves . '' 
 the first woman spoke , a voice with implications of gentility and a hint of bluegrass . 
 her curly blond hair was wild and loose , hazel eyes full of mischief . 
 she was not a very good liar . 
 maeve chose not to call her on it . 
 `` perhaps reintroductions would be in order . '' 
 a simple enough sounding task , maeve knew , but imperative to further interaction as well . 
 `` i guess i 'll start . 
 maeve howard . '' 
 another exchange of glances , this time tempered with relief . 
 what had they been worried about ? 
 it would n't be like last time ... wait , what ? 
 she frowned , unable to catch hold of the fleeting thought before it turned to vapor . 
 closing her eyes , she felt a shudder of disorientation , fought it down . 
 once she opened them again , it was to find herself being stared at again . 
 `` leif christensen . 
 but you knew that . '' 
 the ginger giant spoke up , that easy , disarming smile gracing his face . 
 `` that , at least , is the reason that i 'm still holding onto what little is left of my sanity . 
 i would 've had to have most of my brain removed not to know you . '' 
 his smile widened , though he did not show his teeth , nor did he speak up again . 
 it was best to keep moving forward . 
 `` jemila solomon . '' 
 this woman had a wistful smile , and a musical accent , which carried a note of homesickness in it . 
 she had a long , narrow face , and smooth features , like a riverworn stone . 
 her beauty was of the kind that comforted and calmed ; maeve found herself staring at jemila with that very sensation . 
 another voice broke into her reverie . 
 `` josh yi . '' 
 maeve felt an impulse to ask him which island of hawaii he was from again , though she did not act upon it , and could n't explain it . 
 he smiled as if he 'd heard her thought . 
 `` grace danner . '' 
 the blonde spoke up again . 
 this time , in her voice maeve heard rolls in the hay , and white lightning . 
 `` antonio assunta '' she 'd had the pale guy pegged all wrong . 
 it should have been a name like heinrich , or kristoff to come out of his mouth . 
 he must be one of those northern italians that no one could really explain . 
 a long silence filled the room . 
 `` well , this is awkward . '' 
 ۞ `` colonel , may i have a word ? '' 
 sa’andy was placid , unreadable . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he shook his head at her , amused . 
 `` what 's with the formality ? '' 
 `` oh , you know . 
 trying to behave professionally . '' 
 she knew her pronunciation of the last word always made him chuckle . 
 a moment later , she stopped smiling , remembering what she had to tell him . 
 `` can we talk in your office ? '' 
 `` naturalment . '' 
 they walked in together ; he deliberately left the door open . 
 the gossip mill needed no help from him . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` although you never said we ought , i started trying to trace the origins of this container as soon as we determined its purpose . '' 
 tark made a face . 
 `` i know , i should have asked you right off . 
 i 'm running a regular pirate operation as it is , though . 
 once anyone catches wind of what we 've got , those folks are going to get turned into lab rats . '' 
 `` obviously . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i do not question your intentions at all . 
 however , as i have only been able to get just so far , it implies that if i look much further , someone will take notice . '' 
 `` you want me to try to bring in someone . '' 
 `` just some means of penetrating records without sounding the general alarm would do . '' 
 `` well ... that i think we can manage from here . '' 
 `` excellent . '' 
 `` of course , i might get court-martialed in the end . '' 
 `` pirates ? '' 
 `` pirates . 
 you bet . '' 
 ۞ they tried to make small talk for a while , until it was obvious that maeve needed to go back and rest . 
 she tried to seem a bit worse off than she was , to be honest . 
 being around all of them , had proved to be more wearing than she 'd anticipated . 
 it was primarily that she 'd spent all her time trying to get over that obstacle in her brain , to seek out the answers she knew must surely be there . 
 in terms of effort , it was akin to climbing a never-ending rope . 
 the nurse pushed her back toward her room . 
 the five left sitting around the room wore expressions of disappointment and unhappiness . 
 none of them was sure what they had anticipated . 
 `` it 's like we 're right back where we started . 
 she is n't any better . '' 
 `` but she was , before they herded us up and made us into freezies . '' 
 `` i suppose , but leif , man , this complicates things . '' 
 antonio was the most vocally dissatisfied , as usual . 
 `` she does ? 
 gim me a break . 
 the fact that we 've been gone for over two hundred years does n't strike you as more of a complication ? '' 
 `` well , as far as we know , our original mission may still exist . '' 
 `` antonio , you are nuts . '' 
 `` would n't you rather have a purpose than admit we 're ... . '' 
 `` dude , we are useless . 
 consider the reality of this . 
 we 're behind in everything . 
 it 's like being born a second time . 
 we have no skills , no understanding of life in this time ... i 'd rather just go off and try to eke out a retirement . '' 
 `` they did n't mean to do this to us . 
 i can not aceept that we were abandoned with no guidance . '' 
 jemila was still the voice of reason . 
 josh sat back , his eyes closed , trying to stay out of it . 
 grace was crocheting a sweater , waiting for a moment to stick an oar in . 
 `` we were never supposed to be stowed away on some far away moon , either . 
 yet , there we were . '' 
 leif was giving himself a manicure , man style . 
 jemi 's mouth twisted as she tried not to watch . 
 `` they did n't have that capability when they put us under . 
 i think we must have been moved . '' 
 she was tired of sitting . 
 they all were . 
 `` and the other two ? '' 
 josh watched leif 's reaction carefully . 
 `` they said it was wallace and ramirez . '' 
 leif shrugged . 
 `` they have no leads on that . '' 
 `` you sound remarkably not unhappy about that . '' 
 `` i do n't not know what you mean by that . '' 
 leif refused to meet josh 's even gaze . 
 `` she 'll notice , sooner or later , if you keep up the goo-goo eyes every time she comes in the room . '' 
 grace batted her eyelashes to punctuate the point . 
 `` lock it up , gracie . 
 it 's none of your business . '' 
 `` oh , okay . 
 after ages of pissing and moaning about it , suddenly it 's nobody 's business . '' 
 she held up her hands in mock-defense . 
 `` never saw a big guy so afraid of nothin ' before . '' 
 `` we are getting sidetracked , people . '' 
 josh was the only one leif never argued with ; the others had learned to take the same cue . 
 they never argued with him either . 
 `` well , what do we do , then ? '' 
 antonio knew what he wanted to do ; go curl up in bed with as many books as he could , with a giant pizza by his side . 
 `` the co here has offered to keep us under wraps until we get that figured out . 
 we should just keep getting ourselves back in fully working order , i think . '' 
 `` oh , alright . 
 whatever . 
 i still want pizza . '' 
 antonio plodded back to his room . 
 the girls headed back to grace 's room , presumably to discuss everything that had just happened . 
 josh hung back , eyeing leif from across the room . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 leif was resigned to hearing whatever josh had to say . 
 there was little other option . 
 `` that 's your plan , then ? 
 admit everything ? '' 
 `` not you , too . '' 
 `` dude , you have to admit that coming at her with this may not be the best ever timing . '' 
 `` i already waited a long damn time . '' 
 `` try longer . '' 
 `` frick . 
 fine . 
 i 'll give it a few more weeks . '' 
 ۞ time continued to bleed away for maeve , as she steadily improved , and put her whole focus into regaining strength . 
 this desire had grown and intensified over another few weeks . 
 she had moved past walking , and was secretly testing out jogging around her room whenever she was alone . 
 her regular routine of exercise was slowly coming back to mind . 
 she was pushing the physical therapist to try things , surprising both of them in the process . 
 finally , tark visited her after getting a report that all of them were ready to leave medical care . 
 he was n't entirely sure why he was going to her alone , rather than all of them . 
 there was just something in the way she carried herself that drew him in . 
 `` we have temporary housing for you . '' 
 he handed her a small bundle . 
 `` these are the keys , and we 've put together information for you about the nimitz , as well as some other topics you might find useful . '' 
 `` like a brief history of ` what the hell just happened ? '' ' 
 she looked at a device she was holding . 
 it was somewhat reminiscent of the little tablet computers that had been everywhere in her day . 
 in her day , jeez , listen to that . 
 she sounded like an old lady . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 he chuckled a little . 
 `` look , i know this has all been a little crazy . 
 i do n't know how , but we 'll get you sorted out eventually . '' 
 he stood up to head back to his own duties . 
 `` storms are dying down , finally . 
 my xo ought to be back soon . 
 i 'd like it if you would have dinner with us once he 's here . '' 
 maeve took a deep breath . 
 `` us ? '' 
 `` sorry , with me , my xo , and , um , my girlfriend , sa’andy . '' 
 maeve smiled what she hoped was an affirmation . 
 he nodded and left her to sit and stare at the pile of keys and tablet thingies . 
 they were being discharged in time for lunch . 
 the nurses gave them a lengthy list of places to try . 
 they 'd been given food cards -lrb- and a list of the places that accepted them -rrb- , leaving her to wonder how the colonel was still keeping them under the radar . 
 she hoped he would n't land in hot water over it . 
 time to face the music . 
 she handed them all keys , out of some strange sense of duty , and became part of a quiet procession through halls , down flights of stairs , to the third deck . 
 the third level was below , and not above . 
 life was wrong side up in space , apparently . 
 it would all start to be knitted back together , she supposed . 
 only after it finished unraveling into a giant mess of yarn and fuzzy thoughts , though . 
 they found her room first . 
 she scrutinized the door for a moment , before she stuck the key into its middle , feeling rather like she was poking someone 's belly . 
 this was reinforced when the door responded by chuckling . 
 then , it wrenched itself apart along an invisible seam in the middle . 
 the halves swung inward , revealing a modestly sized living area . 
 two other doors inside led separately to a bedroom and to a closet . 
 a bath led off the bedroom . 
 the decor was much more ... natural than any of them had expected . 
 wood was used for the doors , and the counter , which separated the kitchenette from the sitting area , was stone . 
 the cabinets and furniture were wooden as well . 
 the rooms that they had been given clearly had n't been lived in before . 
 there was a greeting waiting for them as soon as the lights were switched on . 
 a message flashed up on a wall-mounted screen , along with a soothing voice , reminiscent of a flight attendant . 
 `` welcome to the class two military quartering . 
 these rooms are designated for either transient lodging , or visiting dignitaries . 
 these are not intended for permanent living , but may be used for that purpose with approved modifications . 
 the woodwork you see is all reclaimed . 
 there are ... '' maeve stopped paying attention . 
 she poked into every drawer , cabinet , and cubby . 
 there was a white rabbit in there somewhere . 
 she just had to find it , and follow it back through the looking glass . 
 `` do we all get these ? '' 
 grace padded silently around the room , the possibilities swirling in those changeable eyes . 
 `` well , i guess . 
 they 're economical , but comfortable , and at this point ... free . '' 
 jemila nodded in agreement , remaining steadfast in unusual silence . 
 antonio drummed his fingers restlessly on the arm of his seat . 
 in the corner , josh and grace moved in an impromptu sparring , and at alternate swings , narrowly avoided crashing into the wall and the divider . 
 `` this ... of course , is why ... my parents named me ... grace . '' 
 `` what are we doing here ? '' 
 josh stopped swinging abruptly at the sound of maeve 's question . 
 everyone looked at each other and remembered why they had stayed with her in the first place . 
 `` other than a few scattered memories , i have no idea how or why we got here . '' 
 a few memories ? 
 what did that mean ? 
 she 'd just let that slip before even thinking about it , and now they were all looking at her expectantly . 
 waiting for the other shoe to drop . 
 but she was n't ready to share her odd visions yet . 
 antonio was the first one to notice that maeve had suddenly lapsed into a state of silent confusion . 
 he quickly cleared his throat , and interrupted . 
 `` well , i do n't know about anybody else , but i think we 're all feeling a bit dislocated and unclear . '' 
 jemila raised her eyebrows , marveling at the ease of deception . 
 she was about to put forth her opinion of the whole thing when the screen on the wall flickered and put into view the face of colonel tarkington . 
 in the background , the container was visible , as well as about ten crewpersons milling about . 
 ۞ `` i hope i 'm not bothering you , but i thought you 'd ... ah , i see you have company . '' 
 `` you 're not bothering anyone . 
 leif , josh , jemi , grace , antonio and i were just trying to figure out how to kill some time . '' 
 tark 's mouth twisted slightly ; he understood her motive in pointing all of them out , but spoke calmly , no trace of any embarrassment in his voice or demeanor . 
 he had never visited them as a group , and had kept his private visits with the rest of them tacitly quiet . 
 they all seemed to understand , and played dumb accordingly . 
 `` i 'm sorry i have n't had a chance to meet all of you formally . 
 we 'll have to remedy that soon . 
 we have some news , though . '' 
 he paused , letting that take hold , and then smiled slightly before continuing . 
 `` that 's why i 've called , ms. howard . 
 we 've gotten access to the entirety of your files . '' 
 maeve blinked . 
 `` come again ? '' 
 `` sorry , the computer that was onboard your , er , ship , it took them a while to recover all the information . 
 it was badly degraded , i believe was the word used . '' 
 he did not mention that o’leary and shirk had also been working feverishly to locate any information about the container . 
 what they had found had proven to be a bit troubling . 
 even more troubling was how much appeared to have been excised from what information there was . 
 he was a heartbeat away from telling them to use whatever means necessary . 
 his hole was getting deeper by the moment . 
 `` anything of note ? '' 
 leif 's presence loomed up just behind her , as protective as ever . 
 looking back over her shoulder , she was n't sure how she felt about being hovered over by him ... like that . 
 she looked back up at the screen . 
 the colonel seemed to be thinking things over . 
 `` why do n't you come to my office and look things over ? 
 i would say that you all should come , but we might not want to attract too much attention . 
 a lot of personnel are returning from leave ; i 'd prefer to keep things as quiet as possible . 
 ms. howard can bring it all back to you , if that 's okay . '' 
 `` it 's alright , she can go on her own . 
 we ought to get settled in our rooms , anyway . '' 
 leif walked around to face maeve . 
 `` go ahead . 
 we 'll try to rustle up some lunch in the meantime . '' 
 maeve studied her friend 's face for a moment or two . 
 what was he up to ? 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll go . '' 
 not that she was n't interested to hear what tark had to say , but there was some weird current carrying through that she could n't figure out . 
 leif had been treating her like a piece of fragile china for the past few weeks . 
 antonio would constantly sigh and shake his head when he thought she was n't looking . 
 jemi and grace were solicitous to the point of annoyance . 
 josh just kept trying to get her into a meditative state . 
 it was as though they were sitting around waiting for her to do something . 
 what , she did n't know . 
 maybe they thought she 'd crack up completely . 
 maeve walked down the corridor , feeling self-conscious . 
 the colonel had assured them that most personnel on board had no idea she and her friends existed . 
 this had been a good reason for placing them in otherwise empty temporary housing . 
 hidden in plain sight . 
 this did n't stop her from feeling as though everyone was staring at her . 
 she wished she had a mirror to check and make certain her hair was n't standing on end . 
 she was utterly and catastrophically self-effacing , though she had long been at war with this tendency . 
 it was a benefit when facing into actual mistakes ; otherwise it was a terrible habit . 
 yet , colonel tarkington seemed pretty convinced that she was the person who had been picked to be at the forefront of whatever happy little mission this was supposed to have been . 
 and he based that on a few flighty details that almost anyone could poke holes in , given a reasonable debate . 
 her head was aching again . 
 she 'd grown used to the pain , but not what came with it . 
 ... there was water again , but this time there was a distinctly different feel to its presence . 
 its ripples were unfriendly , sending warning in their movements , while shouting echoed around her , seemingly emanating from the ground beneath her feet . 
 the smell of blood hunted air currents to steal a ride on , reaching her nostrils , turning the sand ever darker before her eyes . 
 a few steps took her over a rise , and she saw again the source of the shouting , the fires burning on the horizon , soggy forms crawling from inky seas . 
 these visions , or whatever one might call them , that was the hard part to handle . 
 she knew it was n't a genuine memory , either , a nightmarish amalgam of her past ... . 
 frustration and terror boiled up , bringing the pain in her head to a peak of intensity like she had not yet experienced . 
 maeve leaned against a wall , gasping for air . 
 the smell of burning flesh hung round her ; a specter of some forgotten evil . 
 the image was there and gone , more quickly than she could try to remember where it had come from . 
 it was a fragment of a fragment , too brief to discern what was reality or falsehood . 
 she walked into the cargo hold , feeling like a fraction of herself . 
 she tried to stow her unhappiness . 
 there was no point in telling anyone about these visions she had been having . 
 not just yet , anyway . 
 `` so , colonel , what do we have ? '' 
 he looked over her way , from his doubled over position next to dick 's inherited workstation , and as some form of answer , tapped the monitor . 
 `` come and see . '' 
 his finger held steady on the screen , drawing her closer . 
 she walked toward the container , toward the nameless beast of burden that had been her home of late , and stepped into uncertainty . 
 or maybe she was just being melodramatic . 
 `` interesting . '' 
 the monitor displayed what evidently was her file . 
 maeve brighid howard , date of birth ... , place of birth ... , schooling , and then , below all the harmlessness , her military duty record . 
 there was no gasp of surprise on her part as she swiftly pretended to scan the data , merely moving on to find the next person . 
 tark glanced her way to gauge a reaction , but found only an expression of displeasure shadowing her face . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 not for the first time , he wished he could read her mind . 
 `` let 's see the rest . 
 then i 'll discuss . '' 
 she delivered those few words with a degree of terseness tark had heard before . 
 maeve looked impatient and unhappy . 
 dick read the cue . 
 he flew through his tasking to retrieve first the rest of the files , as well as other information that had been recovered . 
 they seemed to have been selected for some sort of experiment funded by their defense department , to be beginning test subjects for long-term space flight . 
 maeve remained unconvinced . 
 it was tidy enough , to be sure , but it did n't sit right with her . 
 the untouchable place in her memories sat back and smiled . 
 it watched , waited , and knew . 
 maeve could only make conjectures , still looking through their files , thinking her thoughts in silence . 
 ۞ back on earth during the storms , vacationers swarmed through plentiful biological preserves , beaches , and resorts . 
 it was a comfortable and pleasant illusion . 
 holidaying military personnel could be expected to spend a great deal of money . 
 families entertaining their bored children were similarly counted on to mindlessly part with cash . 
 society 's ills were carefully hidden and scrupulously forgotten . 
 the poor and homeless were pushed into tent camps , always just out of sight . 
 filth and decay , closeted and painted over . 
 it was a world that maeve and her friends would still recognize whenever the chance to reacquaint themselves came . 
 in fact , the only people on the planet who did n't really enjoy the lengthy holiday were high-level politicians , their aides , and that unpleasantly sizeable number of impoverished persons . 
 somewhere in the bowels of a four-star hotel , a certain group of individuals met . 
 these were concerned with the former group . 
 it was a small though powerful gathering of men and women . 
 commander hawke had sent her message to them , and they were not well-pleased . 
 at that moment , they were n't even lamenting their lack of holidaying , much less quality family time . 
 an air of grimness permeated the room , and no measure of gourmet food and drink plied on them would appease them . 
 a terrible clamor had erupted within moments of their gathering . 
 `` i thought we had been assured that this problem was long ago resolved . '' 
 one woman spoke around an uncommon cigarette ; she was supported by more shouting from the other thirty-odd gathered there . 
 `` you said it had been destroyed . 
 you showed us evidence . '' 
 `` what about your other promises , robert ? 
 are they all worthless as well ? '' 
 `` we 're at considerable risk here . 
 we need assurances ! '' 
 `` who did we send to take care of it ? '' 
 a voice broke into the chaos . 
 `` this is what i had always been told about the vessel : that it had been destroyed , nearly after its inception . 
 of course , there had been rumors , but nothing substantiative . '' 
 the person speaking at that moment managed to silence everyone with a wave of his hand , and spoke on , `` however , as we all know now , this situation that our forbears worked to suppress , simply has ... arisen . '' 
 robert warden held off a new surge of voices , and looked around him carefully , and with a deadly calm in his voice , finished , `` it , of course , means that we will have to eliminate the situation , with minimal risk to ourselves . 
 i have taken the initial action of meting punishment to commander hawke . 
 i think you 'll all agree that the doctor 's usefulness has long since passed . 
 boko ? '' 
 silent accord washed over the tense environment , as the person who had been called upon stood and began to speak . 
 he read from a communiqué before proceeding . 
 `` well , sir , apparently your request regarding the commander was approved by the uh , jcs , and they have forwarded it through the chain of command . 
 it should reach colonel tarkington 's desk in a few days . '' 
 `` that 's what i hate about bureaucracy . 
 it lacks decisiveness , and the ability to destroy your enemies quickly when you really need to . '' 
 knowing smiles were exchanged , and boko spoke up again . 
 `` is it really true that these people were programmed with the expectation that they could destroy us ? 
 i find that a bit hard to swallow . '' 
 robert looked at the younger man , with only a hint of fear clouding his eyes . 
 `` trust me boko , that 's a myth . 
 however , they were chosen to participate in an experiment because of certain strengths they each possess . '' 
 not to mention a few weaknesses , he thought with satisfaction . 
 `` we will survive , of course , there is no other possible outcome . '' 
 boko shifted in his seat . 
 the intensity of his employer always put him on edge . 
 he 'd already begun to think that his time in service had reached its end . 
 a flight to peru , paid for in cash , reminded him that safety was only an hour away . 
 that reassuring thought did nothing to keep doubt from rising up in boko 's mind . 
 like bile , it would eat away at his confidence until whatever was left peeked through . 
 ۞ at the same time , on the other side of the planet , two other people were readying to begin a journey for which they had been preparing over the course of two years . 
 they , like the recently awakened men and women back on the nimitz , had started off shakily , unsure of their future . 
 they had grown into their roles as well as their mentor had known they would . 
 he surveyed them now with no little amount of pride , thinking of the risk he had taken to locate them , to retrieve them , and now , to send them out alone . 
 for their part , the two looked forward to the mission that lay ahead . 
 watching them from a distance , observing their interactions , kun stayed well clear of an argument that was brewing between them . 
 though these two young people worked fairly well together , their personalities and sensibilities were quite opposite . 
 after several minutes of listening to them squabble , he rapped his long walking stick on the stones underfoot . 
 he motioned for them to follow him from the cave outside into the compound that they all lived in . 
 embarrassed , they quietly moved to their feet . 
 in the depths of a valley , set in the midst of peruvian peaks , was their temporary home . 
 it was quiet and remote , peaceful ; an illusion of beautiful life . 
 it had been tempting to forget the outside world on many occasions . 
 fergus wallace looked out over the expanse of their adopted home . 
 their grass-covered huts were dug down into the soil , hidden in plain sight . 
 they could move freely before sunrise , and after sunset . 
 the rest of the time , they had to keep under the camouflage netting that obscured them from aerial view . 
 they grew most of their food , but had to keep it scattered and removed from the camp . 
 in spite of this , wallace had come to love the place . 
 he had been able to start over , leave the past behind . 
 that would all come to an end now . 
 this was the crux of the argument between him and julieta ramirez , his companion . 
 well , not like that , good grief . 
 she was like a brother to him . 
 a mean older brother . 
 he was trying to construct as many objections and obstacles to their departure as possible . 
 jules just wanted to get going . 
 creeping around in the dark was beginning to get to her . 
 wallace felt compelled to remind her that outer space was just as dark . 
 that was the point when master kun had interrupted . 
 `` you both know that the day has finally come , as we knew it would , when your comrades would be revived . 
 your mission is therefore initiated , and the end of our enemies is at hand . '' 
 julieta looked over at wallace , eyebrow raised . 
 this was an unspoken dare for him to continue his opposition to the idea with kun . 
 he rolled his eyes over to the horizon high above them . 
 sunset was only a few minutes off . 
 he said nothing . 
 the next morning came early , unmoved by wallace 's prayerful pleas to keep it at bay . 
 the two travelers looked up onto the path by which they would travel out of the valley . 
 their escort was comprised of a few goats and another of their companions . 
 these waited patiently , in spite of the goats ' desire to get to the sweet grasses along the trailside . 
 they were as ready as they could be for what lay ahead , and yet they both felt a nagging apprehension floating nearby . 
 it was nothing readily identifiable . 
 julieta had felt this vague thing for some time . 
 it was like an aching joint before a storm . 
 she set aside any worry , however , with the anticipation of finally getting to be up amongst the stars . 
 sort of . 
 she was almost giddy with anticipation . 
 wallace was not . 
 he was trying to avoid calculating all the g-forces and microgravity , and certainly avoided thought of how precisely anyone had sorted artificial gravity . 
 he sidestepped these questions because he knew he was completely unqualified to answer them . 
 his fears and nagging worries kept trying to talk him back into it , though . 
 `` jules , can i tell you something ? 
 i mean , besides that i neglected to put on underwear today . '' 
 julieta sighed and rubbed her temples . 
 these had begun to ache more and more frequently of late , and she knew exactly who to blame . 
 `` yes , wallace , you can tell me almost everything . 
 we settled that after the last underwear incident , remember ? '' 
 he grinned at her in that manner of his that made it impossible to be in any way serious with him . 
 even master kun could n't keep a straight face when wallace began to pontificate . 
 `` i was just checking . 
 anyway , remember when i was telling you about those dreams i was having , and then you said you did n't want to hear about that kind of ... '' `` yeah , i remember . 
 get on with the point of the matter would you ? '' 
 `` okay , take it easy . 
 well , since we 're on our way , i thought we 'd better discuss the whole situation . '' 
 julieta started to protest . 
 `` not the dreams . 
 not exactly anyway . 
 just the main character . 
 the girl i used to ... well you know ... howard . '' 
 `` is that like ` a boy named sue ' ? '' 
 never let it be said i had no sense of humor , she thought . 
 wallace was grimacing . 
 she had underestimated once again , his propensity to have his feelings hurt at the drop of a hat . 
 he had his sad puppy face on . 
 `` all right , i 'm sorry . 
 tell me . '' 
 `` that 's her last name , genius . 
 remember ? '' '' 
 her being who , then ? '' 
 `` maeve . '' 
 `` you do n't think that it 's finally time to let go of this ? 
 we do n't even know what kind of shape she 's in . 
 and i 'd appreciate it if you could try to ... '' `` i know . 
 you never really met her though , see , since you got there after the fact , but ... . '' 
 she looked at him sharply . 
 `` i remember who she is . 
 the question is , how well do you ? 
 do n't you think it 's possible you 've idealized her just a tiny bit ? '' 
 he shifted uncomfortably under her glare . 
 she wondered idly , as she watched him squirm , whether he was aware of just how much she knew . 
 maeve had been long gone by the time she got to the facility , it was true . 
 but there had been plenty of other people to talk to and hear all the stories from . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 you 're right , i do n't even know what we 'll find when we get there . '' 
 he could n't look at julieta . 
 she 'd see straight through him . 
 instead , he fiddled with some loose threads on his trousers , hoping that he would n't walk off the edge of the trail , for lack of concentration . 
 or that he would n't burst into flames for being the big fat liar that he was . 
 he tried hard to forget his past , and sometimes he pulled it off , until night came , inevitably , and held him prisoner . 
 he could n't recall a full night of sleep in the past two years . 
 the ever-distant maeve had haunted him for almost as long , always running away , never granting him absolution . 
 night was on its way again to where he was , on heavy wings , hunting him with oppressive abandon . 
 he 'd used to love darkness once , before he 'd sold his soul away , before he realized that she 'd never forgive him for it . 
 she was then kept away from him , and asleep by the time he found her again . 
 he 'd paid dearly to be included . 
 the hardness of the others , who would have liked it better were he not there at all , stayed with him as well . 
 `` rumor volat . '' 
 he said to himself , with just a hint of the turmoil within . 
 ۞ -- two weeks later -- aboard the nimitz -- `` dude , you know we could spend a year here and still never see everything on this base . '' 
 josh and maeve were finishing a slow run along a trail through the extensive arboretum , staring off into the innumerable species of flora and fauna . 
 birds chirped and squabbled , frogs sang , and insects frustratedly tried to fly or crawl past the invisible barriers keeping them in their habitats . 
 `` yeah , you know , of all the places we could have been stuck , this is n't too bad . '' 
 `` no argument there . 
 i wonder what we 'll do in the long term , though . 
 it would be weird to just be here indefinitely , mooching off of whomever we 're ... mooching . '' 
 `` i know what you mean . 
 nobody seems to realize that , to us , we all had a purpose only a few days ago . 
 though i 'll be damned if i can think of what mine was . '' 
 `` do n't be so hard on yourself . 
 we 're all suffering from a post-modern culture shock here . 
 but we could all decide to become celebrities , or eccentrics ... . '' 
 `` or carnies . 
 ` a buck a look ! 
 see the three hundred year old kooks ! ' 
 we just need a bearded lady . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure about that . 
 shall we move on to the next evolution of this workout ? '' 
 `` you 're killing me . '' 
 `` hey , you 're the one who asked to get ` whipped ' back into shape . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she made a dour face as she he directed her to do burpees . 
 `` so what are you doing tonight ? 
 gracie and i got invited to have dinner with some monks . 
 you could come if you wanted . '' 
 next was crunch reps , as he pushed on her shoulders every time she got too high off the ground . 
 `` actually , tonight is the night that the colonel 's xo gets back , and i 'm supposed to have dinner with them . '' 
 `` well , ai n't you something ? 
 colonel tarkington seems a bit taken with you . '' 
 `` do n't get any ideas . 
 the man has a serious girlfriend , and he treats me like a kid sister . 
 no , i think that he wants to discuss the future a bit , at least as it pertains to us . 
 for some reason , he seems to think that i 'm the chairman of this crazy coo-coo board . '' 
 `` that 's because you are . 
 all the way to the ground , no cheating . 
 that 's it . 
 we 'll have you doing weights in no time . '' 
 he watched to make sure she was hitting her pushups before continuing . 
 `` nobody has a problem with it , if that 's what 's worrying you . 
 more burpees ! '' 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 but she complied . 
 `` yes , maybe it was a little . 
 i do n't want to make anyone upset , since we 're all in this together . 
 but i guess we do need someone to be at the forefront , if i 've been volunteered , i guess i 'm the donkey for the trail . '' 
 `` it 's fine with all of us . '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 `` antonio will come around . 
 he 's just a technical weenie who 's really ticked off that his 4.5 gpa does n't mean shit anymore . '' 
 `` hmmm . 
 what 's everybody else doing tonight , then ? '' 
 `` i think that they 're gon na hang with some of the officers we 've met . 
 libbo and all , the weekend , party time , you dig ? '' 
 `` awesome . 
 hunky and or dory . 
 well , i better shower up before this evening . 
 i do n't want to gross out everyone in the restaurant . '' 
 `` nice try . 
 you still have metcons to do . 
 get some ! '' 
 `` i do n't wan na . '' 
 `` tough luck . 
 go ! '' 
 `` damn you . '' 
 ۞ the nimitz shifted once again into evening . 
 maeve picked her way through what she thought were large crowds , though tark had told her that there was barely half the normal numbers present on board . 
 alien species milled about , amply mingling amongst the humans , interacting with ease . 
 this would take getting used to . 
 not really the foreign species part , but that the residents of earth seemed to have redeemed themselves from being such ... slow learners . 
 it gave her hope . 
 she 'd also discovered that war had been relatively absent in the last hundred or so years . 
 and now she was on her way to be feted , apparently . 
 leif and jemi went out , as josh had mentioned , with several of the other officers on board . 
 the latter group had promised to show the former around and keep them out of trouble . 
 maeve had her doubts about that promise , knowing what she did about the military , at least how it had been back in their day . 
 she found her way easily to the restaurant that the colonel had told her about . 
 he stood just inside , along with another man . 
 this was his xo , introduced as major dmitry petrovich . 
 this man stood nearly as an equal to tark 's six foot four inch frame , an edgy hardness distinguishing him from his tark 's lean pliancy . 
 his chestnut hair was freshly cut back into regulation , but she had the feeling he 'd let it grow while on leave . 
 piercing blue eyes returned her stare with sardonic good humor . 
 she knew his type , to say nothing of what his off-duty pursuits were likely to be . 
 nonetheless , maeve continued to look him over , assessing him as if dictated by instinct alone . 
 he was good-looking , athletic . 
 she found it a bit of a challenge to look directly in his eyes and not see raw animal energy staring back . 
 the thought shook her . 
 she had n't expected to appraise him quite so viscerally . 
 even as she had these thoughts , there was also a sensation that she was betraying someone . 
 dmitry , for his part , found himself nearly eye to eye with their newly arrived dinner companion . 
 she was n't his height , but within several inches . 
 though she was still a bit pale , it seemed as though a brief moment or two in sunlight might change that . 
 she was thin , but not angular , tightly wound , intense . 
 her face was not quite what he would call pretty . 
 pretty was what he normally went for , because one could ignore a lot of other faults with the distraction of pretty . 
 no , she was not pretty . 
 beauty was different , at least to him . 
 sa’andy had it in spades , for instance , that kind of old greco-roman statuesque beauty . 
 maeve had something else entirely , something deeper , harder to define . 
 he felt an unsettling sense that he could easily get lost looking at her . 
 what was more , she had n't blushed and averted her eyes , the way other women did when he put his full attention on them . 
 instead , she was sizing him up . 
 he could see her measuring him with flickering hazel eyes that conveyed , somehow , a sense of wary interest . 
 time seemed to slow somewhat under her scrutiny . 
 he came to his senses , and shook himself free of her for the time being . 
 there would be time to ... get to know her later . 
 now was time for business . 
 she walked behind the two men to their table , purposefully , to watch them interact . 
 they spoke to one another in an easy manner , as though they were old friends . 
 she concluded that they must be . 
 to her , at least , it seemed unusual for a major to be hanging around playing sidekick to somebody who acted more like a peer than a senior . 
 dmitry turned his head , noting the way she hung back . 
 he wrote it off to shyness . 
 that perception was satisfactory to her . 
 his eyes lingered over her as he continued to talk to tark . 
 he liked her eyes as well , with their color that refused to be any one shade . 
 they were like twin oceans in the wake of a fury . 
 she was not his type , he reminded himself . 
 and yet he watched her still , while he mulled over that last thought . 
 tark had said that she and her friends had all looked somewhat sickly after being awoken , but this was no longer the case . 
 between the efficacies of modern medicine and the power of what he presumed to be sheer determination , she at least was looking ... fit . 
 she wore a simple black dress , made of a light material that hung off her body as though it knew her . 
 he could not tell whether it was sleeveless or not ; she was wearing a tailored denim jacket , which he felt must hide a multitude of secrets . 
 he recognized her jewelry as something purchased from the open-air markets , and was instantly dismayed by this knowledge . 
 in his duties as station 's executive officer , he had less to do with giving orders to personnel , certainly . 
 it was his job to see to the needs of the personnel and the requests and complaints of the civilians . 
 essentially , to see to all the things with which tark could not and should not be involved . 
 it would seem however , that he , dmitry , had become overly familiar with his surroundings . 
 if he was able not only to recognize a woman 's accessory , but know who had sold it to her , and how much it had probably cost , the answer was yes . 
 he was n't totally sure how he felt about this realization . 
 belatedly then , he began to realize that he 'd been staring at her the whole time . 
 maeve did n't seem to mind . 
 he sheepishly redirected his eyes . 
 meanwhile , she was finishing sizing him up , though he was blissfully unaware of that fact . 
 he 'd been so busy looking her over that he 'd not noticed her doing the same thing . 
 nor , that he 'd narrowly missed sprawling himself into a table encircled by elderly women , who were tittering under their red hats at him . 
 as they passed , maeve would have sworn that she heard one of them say something like , `` ... bit of a biscuit , that , '' in high , york-tinged accents . 
 she smiled , but was careful to hide it when dmitry finally shook himself out of his daze . 
 the proprietor gladly placed them in the smallest of the private dining rooms , and kept everyone else out , excepting the server , who nervously took their drink orders . 
 tark asked for a decent wine , and dmitry would have done the same , had maeve not explained to the wide-eyed young woman how a lychee martini was made . 
 he changed his mind , and ordered a whiskey . 
 he was n't about to let her outpace him . 
 it would n't do . 
 maeve only knew that she felt like uncoiling from the tensions of the past few weeks , and planned to do so , whatever it took . 
 `` so , major , i would hazard a guess that you and the colonel here are old buddies . '' 
 tark grinned at the glint in her eye . 
 she was trying to put him on the spot for some reason . 
 `` you guess correctly , lieutenant . 
 we 've known one another since basic training . '' 
 a slight frown washed away her tiny hint of humor . 
 did she ever smile ? 
 `` do n't call me that , please . 
 that part of me is ... dead , and meaningless . '' 
 she looked away then . 
 though it was said without animosity , there was something there , some barely controlled emotion . 
 dmitry liked the simple fact that there was something in her left to be tamed . 
 startled again by his own ruminations , it occurred to him that he had n't had conversations with himself like that since well before rebecca had left . 
 once , he would have been bothered by such things , since the past provided much in the way of pain . 
 he felt he no longer carried any illusions with regards to love . 
 as far as anything like that went , he felt that he could n't afford to let his guard down anymore . 
 work was his life ; despite leaving the thrill of frontier patrolling behind , he was happy staying in one place for now . 
 he had the opportunity to do some good . 
 it did n't matter that he had made mistakes before . 
 tark had given him a second chance , and he owed it to his friend not to screw things up . 
 so he smiled and pretended that he 'd thought nothing , although nothing was definitely fooling around with something right then . 
 `` hey , we 're all learning about each other . 
 this is great . '' 
 he stared her down , willing her to come back with some smart-assed remark . 
 she would n't be baited . 
 the night was young yet , her drink only half-gone . 
 he made sure she saw him dispatch his own whiskey swiftly , and ordered another , asking to have it served colder . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 something was definitely taking him over . 
 its undefined yet sharp edges held him in thrall . 
 on top of that , she was resisting him thoroughly . 
 he did n't usually go for headstrong types . 
 his inner voice was quite clear on that . 
 maeve ordered another drink , feeling like the cat , rather than the canary . 
 it was a rather strong feeling she had that major petrovich would spend the night catching up to her . 
 she was n't sure why she 'd think in such terms . 
 after all , he was n't her normal type either . 
 she wondered briefly if he had any idea that she could perceive his thought processes as clearly as if it was written on his own forehead . 
 he 'd been watching her for the past hour , trying to be discreet , trying to read her and find her secrets . 
 he 'd fail in that , as so many others had . 
 so far as she could recall , there had been only one person who 'd known her like that in her whole life . 
 `` sure , we can all learn about each other . 
 for instance , did you know that our food is here , and that i 'm happy as a result ? '' 
 tark was good-natured , but aware that he was miles behind some subtext that was taking place . 
 it unnerved him to see his friend suddenly go into pursuit mode , if anything could be judged by dmitry 's having leered at maeve for nearly an hour . 
 maybe that was unfair , but he felt protective of maeve , as if she were a long-lost relative . 
 to be sure , sa’andy had already noticed , and had made a quiet remark to him about it earlier in the day . 
 luckily , she thought it was endearing . 
 `` thank goodness . 
 good choice , by the way . '' 
 maeve could n't think of how to address dmitry ; a problem she frequently encountered . 
 she slipped into her habit of familiar conversation , unburdened by any kind of pronoun whatsoever . 
 `` thanks . 
 dem , would you mind throwing some of that bread over here , you greedy bastard ? '' 
 `` your wish is my command , gorgeous . 
 make sure that vat of grease and meat makes it over my way before our guest thieves it all . '' 
 he tried smiling his most innocent smile at her , hoping to convince himself to calm down in the process . 
 by that point , she was feeling slightly more talkative . 
 `` well , at least you have something else to think about now . '' 
 she stared at dmitry innocently . 
 his heart dropped into his shoes . 
 `` what do you mean by that ? 
 `` hey , you two , how about getting to what we 're actually here for ? '' 
 `` you have something you want to talk about ? 
 have at it . '' 
 she tried to achieve an air of patience , made difficult by the torrent of emotions running through her head . 
 `` you said you wanted to have something to do . 
 naturally the thing to do is to bring you up to speed , help you learn everything you 've missed , and perhaps , in the process , discover a means for all of you to make new lives . '' 
 her head jerked up at that . 
 `` great . 
 like college ? 
 i already have a degree , you know . 
 though it 's quite possibly utterly useless to me right now . '' 
 she ripped a piece flat bread and waded it through the spicy stew . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't mean to be crabby . 
 this just sucks , not knowing anything , feeling like nothing is ever going to be right again . '' 
 dmitry knew exactly what she was talking about . 
 starting over , in any sense of the phrase was the hardest thing he 'd ever had to do in his life . 
 he 'd had a career already going , but rebecca had gone before he could start the elusive family . 
 six years past , he could still see her every time he shut his eyes . 
 he wondered how much more intense it was for maeve , if he even dared to want to find out . 
 his best friend was , at that moment , offering her some sympathy . 
 something from the depths of the counseling handbook , doubtless . 
 as in ... life goes on , it perpetuates , the job of the strong is to lean into it , shoulder the weaknesses of those around them , and trust in fate to play her hand fairly . 
 he was also in the process of fleshing out a rather detailed list of ideas for her , and for her friends as well . 
 it was an offer of schooling , and exploration of future plans from that point onward . 
 maeve smiled politely at tark 's idea that this would all be so terribly easy to fix . 
 he was kidding himself . 
 he avoided mention of anything that might bring celebrity , much less outside attention . 
 tark was not the type to encourage the wholesale marketing of anyone , but dmitry knew that it would be more than wrong with these people to push them into the public eye . 
 it would be incredibly risky , given the current political climate . 
 it made dmitry wonder why exactly it was that tark would be offering anything to these people at all . 
 surely it would become noticeable before too long . 
 he 'd have to talk to tark about it later . 
 `` ... i should probably get back , because , regrettably , i am only on my dinner break . 
 besides , there 's no telling what could happen with o’leary running the show . '' 
 dmitry started to rise as well , but was shoved back down with a firm hand . 
 `` you are still off-duty , my friend , take the night , show up tomorrow at zero eight hundred or so . 
 it 's not like we 're hurting for help . 
 just ... behave . '' 
 the last part he spoke quietly into dmitry 's ear . 
 he tried to have faith in his best friend , otherwise , he would have taken maeve with him instead . 
 as it was , dmitry merely nodded , looking benign . 
 tark left , and the two of them sat in silence for a full minute . 
 he was trying to think of something rude to say to her when he caught her watching him with a peculiar expression . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he was leery . 
 she 'd cornered him into reacting , rather than him being able to take the reins . 
 `` i was just trying to decide what kind of personality you have . '' 
 she wanted to spar verbally , eh ? 
 he decided to play . 
 `` and what was your conclusion , doc ? '' 
 maeve was wading into untested waters . 
 she held back , almost frightened of where she knew she was headed , but not afraid , all at once . 
 `` you 're what one might call an alpha male . 
 it 's not all that complicated a conclusion , you know . '' 
 outside their small dining area , it seemed everything had stopped , that nothing and no one else existed any longer . 
 maeve felt her palms begin to sweat . 
 this was not quite the reaction she wanted to be having . 
 `` humor me , i 'm not all that bright . '' 
 dmitry seemed to be turning up the confidence level , filling the air between them with false modesty . 
 `` somehow i doubt that . 
 when i asked you to not address me by any title , you did n't apologize the way other people might have . 
 you 're cocky . 
 and unless you have a wedding ring hidden in your watchband , if you 'll pardon me , it would seem you 're single , perhaps deliberately so . '' 
 he gritted his teeth momentarily . 
 not about to get into that story , not here , not now . 
 smiling guilelessly , he moved to outflank her yet again . 
 `` how do you know i 'm not married ? '' 
 she shook her head , and pulled her trump card . 
 `` you forget who i 've been spending my time with . 
 your colonel talked about his girlfriend and you nonstop . 
 i was beginning to wonder how you figured into their relationship . '' 
 he was cocky , hmm ? 
 well , she was holding her own in good fashion , he thought dourly . 
 `` so what does that make you ? '' 
 holding off on offering his own observations , he searched for a chink in her armor . 
 he was curious about what opinion she might have of herself . 
 this question was not the key . 
 he watched her fix a thousand-yard stare onto the adobe walls . 
 `` me ? '' 
 he nodded , though she was n't looking . 
 `` i guess i 'm an alpha too . 
 suited for someone of the same level of intensity only . 
 i think i destroyed a few relationships on my way through the obstacle course of romance , if you could call it that . '' 
 she swirled her drink thoughtfully and brought herself to meet his eyes . 
 `` maybe i should have a warning label . 
 ` biohazard ' , something like that . '' 
 she looked away again , and dmitry chuckled . 
 `` seriously ? 
 that would n't really have entered my mind about you . '' 
 `` the trick is knowing who you really are , but not letting anybody else see it . '' 
 `` is that what my problem is ? '' 
 `` i do n't think you know what your problem is . '' 
 she gave him a steel-edged smile . 
 he choked a little on his third whiskey . 
 perhaps it was time to have a glass of water . 
 `` perhaps you should help me figure it out . '' 
 he was being deliberately provocative , trying to draw her out of the reserve she was desperately clinging to , not unlike the jacket she was refusing to remove thus far . 
 against her better judgement , a certain part of her was getting sucked in by his goofy banter . 
 the rest of her was choking back laughter , though she 'd never have admitted it . 
 `` you 're very humble too . 
 a quality not often found . '' 
 `` my best quality is my humility . '' 
 this kind of exchange was n't usually his forte . 
 he could n't explain why it was that he even interested in someone who was trying to match him , wit for wit . 
 but there it was , instead of being put off , he was finding it to be a turn-on . 
 this could be a problem . 
 tark 's last words to him echoed back to his brain . 
 screw it . 
 what tark did n't know would n't hurt him . 
 `` why do n't we get out of here ? 
 i have n't had an official tour yet . '' 
 she grinned amicably while he stood up , just as the proprietor was entering to enquire as to their enjoyment of the meal , the ambience , so forth . 
 `` you are leaving us , then , going to enjoy the rest of the evening ? '' 
 he and the server gathered dishes , noting the absence of food anywhere to be seen . 
 he was pleased . 
 these officers would be back yet again , all three hopefully , maybe with more friends next time as well ? 
 certainly , certainly . 
 `` yes , my good man , we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves . 
 i 'll recommend it to all , with honors . '' 
 dmitry was feeling munificent , grandiose , even . 
 he threw down a large amount of currency , snaked an arm through maeve 's , and strode out self-assuredly . 
 he knew where he was headed , weaving a direct path through bodies across a brightly decorated square . 
 as though they were sailing through open air , they came down to a section that reminded maeve of european market squares . 
 on a corner , between a romanisch restaurant , and something like an alley , a recessed but open doorway issued forth familiar sounding noises . 
 `` am i completely off , or is this place a club of some sort ? '' 
 `` you 're not off . 
 this place has decent drinks when the barkeep is upright . 
 some dancing , some sitting ; whatever you want , basically . '' 
 the thought occurred that he might point out what she actually wanted , but it was probably out of line . 
 he did n't want to take a haymaker to the jaw right then . 
 they walked inside , and found a blast of heat to greet them . 
 the music was infectious , full of the essence of the station . 
 people laughed , danced , and held each other , finding bonds ; everyone making the night theirs in their own way . 
 she checked what she was wearing against the unspoken dress code . 
 she was nicely inconspicuous , the ageless color of her black clothes further blending her into the shadows . 
 the bar was rampant with people , the air heavy and thick with the fetidness of so many bodies pressed into one small space . 
 dmitry tapped her , breaking her concentration . 
 `` i 'll be back in a minute . 
 what do you want to drink ? 
 `` just have a glass of something red . '' 
 she scoped the scene further , deliberately unaware of dmitry 's scrutiny as he waited at the bar . 
 she crossed her legs , an act of holding herself in , but she did it slowly , drawing one leg up the other , not even conscious of her own movement . 
 there were other thoughts insistently crowding her mind . 
 she felt overwhelmed still , and yet , maybe it would help to cut loose and go nuts for once . 
 her past was cloudy , but she knew that fun had never been very high on her list of priorities . 
 the flashbacks had receded for a while , leaving their fingerprints all over her brain , faded photographs of memories . 
 if she thought back , painfully hard , she could not even recall the last time she 'd worn a dress , or acted like a woman . 
 she had an idea that , despite her contentment with the way her life used to be , she needed to crawl out of the wreckage of what she had been . 
 at that , she decided to set reminiscence aside , and stay in the present . 
 dmitry leaned against the bar . 
 he found himself thinking about what was under the dress . 
 and then whether he should be thinking like that . 
 she 'd been up and moving around for such a short time . 
 never mind that tark would probably kick his ass . 
 perhaps these things just ought to play themselves out . 
 his thoughts settled , he plucked up their drinks , and headed back to the table . 
 the glasses thunked onto the tabletop . 
 maeve looked up at him quizzically . 
 `` let ` em mellow for a minute . 
 let 's go dance . '' 
 she looked up at him , and his hand . 
 she took it , stood , and squelched nervousness . 
 he had a firm grip , and a possessive embrace . 
 she had some difficulty surrendering control , however , and he noticed . 
 `` are you going to let me lead , or what ? '' 
 he gently guided her into the proper positioning . 
 he noticed nervousness behind her confidence ; it was peering through the shrouded distance between them . 
 `` i 'll let you know . 
 i have n't done this in ... ever . '' 
 ۞ elsewhere , situations were rising like a tide . 
 the other five former human popsicles -lrb- as they had taken to calling themselves -rrb- had split off into their various chosen activities for the evening . 
 jemi and leif were collected by o’leary and his long-suffering , involuntarily appointed companions . 
 jemi 's sense of humor seemed particularly tried that evening as tim bounced alongside them , flitting through subject matter with breathtaking rapidity . 
 he hardly gave anyone a chance to respond to one question before asking the next five . 
 finally , after assuming that his excited state was due to lack of food -lrb- or oxygen to the brain -rrb- , they turned themselves toward a casual eatery . 
 at least with his mouth full , they figured , he would be forced to talk less . 
 another of his friends met them there . 
 haleh rahimi , a young first lieutenant in the infantry patrol forces . 
 she was o’leary 's direct opposite in temperament and a welcome and calm presence , in jemi 's opinion . 
 ۞ a buddhist temple awaited josh , grace , and reluctantly , antonio , in the arboretum . 
 josh was a little in awe of the structure , made even more impressive by the flanking vegetation of mangrove and papaya trees . 
 it was cut from asteroid rock ; ancient stone that seemed to give off its own energy . 
 the monks were working in the monastery 's garden , but they broke off as soon as their visitors arrived for the evening meal . 
 the gentle sounds of chimes and the natural setting surrounding them draped a sense of contentment over them . 
 only antonio was having difficulty relaxing . 
 he was sharing his concerns with grace , as they ate . 
 `` we have rules of engagement , right ? 
 i mean , they 're in the computer or something , all we need to do is get into it and figure out how they apply to our current circumstance . '' 
 grace frowned the frown of the overly conscience-laden . 
 `` that 's really maeve 's thing . 
 she 's the leader , we 're the led , that sort of thing ? '' 
 antonio waved an impatient hand at grace . 
 `` yeah , well , she 's not all pieced together right now , is she ? '' 
 he held the hand up still , to ward off comment until he was through . 
 `` i mean , she is n't exactly remembering things the way they all thought she would . 
 she 's been glad-handing the colonel and all , i give her that , but instead of being with us now , where is she ? '' 
 `` how would i know that ? '' 
 `` my point precisely . 
 there is nothing i 'd want more than to have her out in front doing her thing , because she was supposedly unparalleled in that , but she 's not who she was . '' 
 josh overheard the last part of the conversation , and interjected fiercely . 
 `` not to put too fine a point on this , but you do n't know who she was before . '' 
 josh was trying to restrain himself in public , as grace waved her fork at him pointedly , but antonio remained skeptical . 
 `` and you do ? 
 all you know is what leif has told you . 
 he 's not exactly impartial , and if i recall , there were quite a few concerns ... not least of which was four little letters . '' 
 antonio was beginning to be a bit red in the face . 
 grace stood to place herself between the two men . 
 josh was on his feet in an instant , leaning over the table to respond with an intense whisper . 
 `` you can secure that shit right now , man . 
 i 'm the one with experience in that field , remember ? 
 what was going on with her then is obviously not at play now . 
 this is n't when we thought we were going to be revived anyway . 
 so just ... stow it . '' 
 antonio clamped his mouth shut in response , but it was obvious that he was far from satisfied with the outcome . 
 he stayed silent , as would befit a `` team player '' . 
 they were distracted from their high emotion by one of the monks , who invited them to join in evening meditation after dinner . 
 josh and grace elected to stay when the meal was over , feeling much like maeve and her scarcity of desire to sleep . 
 by then , antonio was disgusted with himself , and chose to go back to his quarters . 
 he wondered half-heartedly what leif and jemi were up to as he flung himself on his bed to read away his sorrows , and hopefully fall asleep . 
 ۞ tim was off-duty the next day , and suggested a nightclub , something of an old familiar to leif . 
 reticence on jemi 's part was to be expected , she was more of a homebody . 
 she was reluctantly coerced into it at the promise of a `` relaxed '' atmosphere . 
 if she hated it , she could easily leave . 
 this in mind , she ambled along with her increasingly noisy companions . 
 it was brilliant just to be soaking in the amazing environment of the nimitz . 
 in spite of its stark military function , a chaotic architectural style flowed throughout the whole of the civilian side . 
 a spectrum of design , form , and function discarded anything that might appear haphazard , or ungainly . 
 the whole place was an organic patchwork quilt , whimsically engineered for visual interest as well as utility . 
 walking spanned several minutes , touring past commercial and faintly ethnic neighborhoods . 
 finally , they reached the corner in a new quarter , and stood , feeling a pulsation of sound through the street . 
 jemi had to remind herself that it was n't actually a street that vibrated beneath them . 
 music reached out with a tentacled embrace , sending out a sensual , unidentified tone . 
 tim told them that the music was from a planet whose species who had many similarities to earth 's cetacean inhabitants . 
 they went inside ; all that was immediately visible was a view of bodies moving in time to the thundering harmony . 
 `` this is great ! '' 
 leif bellowed over the din , not entirely buying his own shtick . 
 out of habit , he carefully surveyed the female population of the club , already separating the regulars from the occasionals . 
 it did n't seem as frightening a meat-market as some places he 'd been , but there were the obvious types to be seen . 
 `` on the prowl , '' versus , `` just there to get shitfaced , '' were the two groups he usually separated the boys and girls into . 
 they were the only two worth worrying about . 
 both were types he wished to avoid if possible . 
 the dance floor was packed , and there were few empty tables . 
 leif decided to establish a base of operations at one of the tables first , and then do a little recon . 
 tim was watching his every move , trying to sort out what it was that the big guy was doing . 
 he was pretty sure that leif was getting ready to find himself a dance partner , as it were . 
 everything leif did seemed exacting , almost like a small unit attack was about to take place . 
 `` hey , man , what do you have , some sort of strategy worked out here ? '' 
 he was only kidding , but the ginger head swiveled with a powerful force . 
 leif eyed tim appraisingly . 
 he was n't ready to jump into the , er , dating pool yet , in spite of anything josh thought . 
 on the other hand , it might be more fun to teach the kid something than to sit stewing in his own juices all night . 
 he smiled roguishly and clapped a hand to tim 's shoulder . 
 tim winced and tried not to fall to his knees under the force of the friendly gesture . 
 `` bet your ass i do . 
 i ca n't dance worth a shit , got an extreme lack o ' rhythm , y 's ee , but otherwise i know what i 'm doing . '' 
 he poked a finger out into the distance . 
 `` see her over there ? 
 yeah , i know you do . 
 she 's a bad bet , know why ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 `` she keeps sitting there while five of her gal pals orbit around her . 
 warning signal number one . 
 next , while she 's pretty hot , every guy in this place is trying to keep the hell away from her . 
 and she 's sitting next to the men 's room ! '' 
 he was right . 
 and tim was suddenly very glad he was with leif . 
 his social life had been negligible to date . 
 `` i see . 
 you sure know your stuff ... dude . '' 
 leif cast him a funny look . 
 `` do you guys really still talk like that ? 
 i mean , come on , at least i have an excuse . '' 
 tim was downcast . 
 `` hey , look , i 'm just giving you a hard time . 
 do you want to know how to figure out if a woman is going to be trouble , just from a casual conversation ? '' 
 jemi rolled her eyes . 
 `` great , the sex wars continue into the twenty-fourth century , thanks to an historical glitch . '' 
 `` very well , if you 're going to take that attitude , me and the timster here are going to get drinks , and you can all sod off ... call me a glitch ... silly females ... only one worth it is ... '' his voice was lost as they trailed away . 
 jeshma was amused . 
 `` do n't you want to go find out who the only one of us worth anything is ? '' 
 haleh watched the guys as they angled a spot at the bar . 
 jemi giggled at the comment , a light sound that felt good to let out . 
 at the bar , leif was making crude gestures and strange faces at them . 
 `` no , i 'm pretty sure i do n't . '' 
 jemi did n't have to , anyway . 
 she already knew . 
 `` we have n't been out in a very long while . 
 he , in particular , has been needing to blow off steam . '' 
 they sat together , taking lighthearted swipes at current fashions . 
 the boys brought back drinks , joining in , and for leif , that meant anything was fair game . 
 pretty soon , a competition evolved to see who could come up with the dirtiest joke . 
 a waitress adopted their table , and kept refreshments flowing , to ample tipping for her . 
 leif was nothing if not generous , especially with other people 's money . 
 tim did n't care . 
 he was learning at the knee of a master . 
 he 'd already gotten a few names and contact info , while his mentor glibly watched him harvest the fruits of the lessons . 
 leif was happy to sit on the sidelines and watch , knowing that his personal interests in the female species lay elsewhere . 
 `` let them come to you , grasshopper . 
 like reed down on a spring wind . '' 
 jemi groaned listening to the two of them , but came to attention as a familiar song began to play . 
 her head began to move to the beat in spite of herself . 
 `` how did they get this on their playlist ? '' 
 tim grinned , a veritable cheshire cat . 
 `` my fault . 
 i love late , old ... er , classic popular music . 
 i got a whole collection and gave it to the owner . 
 everyone here seems to love it . '' 
 he was right . 
 the whole floor bounced to the rhythm . 
 `` amazing . 
 time passes , and here we have , in eternal life , a singer whose greatest talent was reinventing herself every year or so . '' 
 `` hey , she never let herself get stale . 
 and man , what a body she had . 
 i wonder what happened to her ? '' 
 leif looked at tim , wanting an answer . 
 `` i think she did the music thing until she got tired of it and then she went off and became a nun . '' 
 `` she did n't either . 
 you 're full of shit . '' 
 there would have been further argument , but jemi put leif 's arm in a death grip . 
 `` ow ! 
 let go , woman , or i kick your ass ! '' 
 `` hush . 
 look over at the dance floor and tell me what you see . '' 
 he complied , but really only because she pushed his chin in the direction she meant . 
 tim twisted around in his seat , and haleh stood to see over their heads . 
 leif 's jaw fell off , and while he was trying to reattach it , his finger pointed accusatorily , stabbing the air violently . 
 `` who is that ? 
 he 's got her pinned against the wall ! '' 
 tim was speechless . 
 haleh was trying not to laugh . 
 `` that 's our xo . 
 his name is dmitry petrovich . '' 
 haleh was on pretty good terms with him , as a matter of fact . 
 they had the same mos , for one thing . 
 he was an excellent officer , for another . 
 at least , when he was all put together , he was . 
 she 'd been under his command when he 'd ... well , that was neither here nor there . 
 he did have a certain reputation with women that she thought might not be a good thing to bring up right then . 
 she wondered how it was that he 'd ended up in this club with that particular woman . 
 a question for another time . 
 the primary concern was that the viking would probably make good on his threat . 
 his observation was true , however . 
 dmitry had maeve up against a wall , not pinned exactly , just ... surrounded . 
 they were kissing . 
 they all sat , frozen , watching the pair for some time . 
 after a few moments , haleh decided the best idea was to get out of the club before a fight broke out . 
 leif was one of the ones who knew her better than most , having been in the same unit as she had . 
 he had been as close to her as anyone could have been at that time . 
 they 'd had a blood bond of sorts , tied to the time they 'd shared during deployment . 
 it was now reduced to a remembrance , consisting of smoke , blasted bodies , and the cries of the dying . 
 he tremored a bit at its touch in his mind ; a time he 'd tried to let go of . 
 memory held its prey with the shackles that only the guilt-ridden can forge . 
 but there was something else there in his mind as he watched her with another man . 
 `` i do n't care if his name is ulysses s. grant . 
 he does n't need to be doing that to her . '' 
 before leif could stand up and walk over , jemi spoke fiercely to garner his attention . 
 `` if you would bother to check , you 'd see that she does n't really look to be fighting him off . 
 maeve is a grown woman . 
 and it might be a good sign , if you stop and think about it for a minute . '' 
 she shared the last observation confidentially . 
 no sense in letting on too much at the moment . 
 just then , last call was given , and the lights came up . 
 leif had to be content to sit and watch as dmitry and maeve wove their way to a table , where dmitry picked up what had to be her jacket , and led her to the door . 
 they made haste to vanish in the departing flood of people . 
 it was as if they knew they were being watched , despite that the two had not once looked anywhere but at each other . 
 jemi had a feeling that there would be noise made over this . 
 she looked over at leif , who wore a grim expression . 
 good grief , the man was overprotective , just as he always had been . 
 ۞ maeve was completely unaware of anything taking place outside her sphere of perception . 
 she stood in the street outside the club and smiled a small smile , as dmitry went off on some tangent that she could neither hear nor understand . 
 there was no better time in her mind , in recent recollection , than the exact moment she was in . 
 they chatted their way back to his apartment . 
 he currently resided in the bachelor officers ' housing . 
 it was not optimal for privacy or separation from the masses of company grade personnel . 
 he was planning on moving soon into the odessa , where he 'd be only down the way from tark , instead of on a completely different level . 
 he unlocked the front door , and tried to think of some ceremonious way to bring her into his world . 
 dmitry onisim petrovich , he said to himself , you are a piece of work . 
 he came up with nothing , opting for a wave of his arm . 
 she rolled her eyes , but strode in casually , examining every inch of surface area . 
 `` i guess it 'll do . '' 
 he retorted with a withering sneer , and made his way through the low light to his somewhat cramped kitchen . 
 once there , he yanked out a bottle of whiskey , and shook it at her . 
 `` drink ? '' 
 she shook her head with only a modicum of attention . 
 she had decided to cut herself off , for once . 
 four healthy pours was enough , right ? 
 the aftereffects of those were only just beginning to make it past the adrenaline surge from being out and from being kissed ... by a not unattractive man . 
 where might the evening go from here ? 
 a warm swimmy floating feeling wrapped itself around her , and she felt the need to remind herself that she had no intentions of falling for him . 
 it was just nice to feel slippery . 
 he seemed more worn around the edges , as though this was just like every other night for him . 
 it made her question why it was that vices were always the one thing to survive , cockroaching their way past every human disaster and triumph . 
 was vice one of the four horsemen , she wondered ? 
 she could n't remember ... ought to be . 
 they fell down on his couch , feeling tired and comfortable . 
 she found he was easy to talk to , even if he was alternately arrogant , self-deprecating , throwing caution to the wind , fearing eternal damnation , insightful , and naïve . 
 he was russian-born , british-bred -lrb- she wondered what britain , or the u.s. , might resemble these days -rrb- . 
 he deplored ceremony , yet he was part of an organization that thrived on it . 
 she let him ramble on about himself for some time . 
 it was a relief not to have to answer more questions about her own life for a change . 
 she 'd done more of that in the past several weeks than she cared for . 
 it was rather difficult to give answers if she did n't know them . 
 dmitry resisted the reflex to try and direct her into the bedroom . 
 it was a strange sensation . 
 what was it ? 
 circumspection ? 
 maturity ? 
 he 'd already had a long internal debate , resulting in the conclusion that she was both attractive and that he was attracted to her . 
 his inner voice spoke up again , wondering what exactly was wrong with him . 
 there was no answer to that . 
 he just felt strangely at peace . 
 he 'd kissed her . 
 he 'd had inappropriate thoughts . 
 the drive to chalk her up as a conquest was n't there . 
 some part of him protested . 
 of course it would . 
 it had nothing better to do than offer helpful suggestions on how to self-destruct . 
 he looked over at her to find that she 'd drifted off to sleep . 
 with some effort , he wrenched himself to his feet , and carried her gingerly to his bed . 
 a moment or two of poking around closets produced a clean pillow and blanket . 
 these he carefully arranged under and around her , until he was satisfied with his efforts . 
 somehow after that , he convinced himself that it would be alright if he slept on his bed as well . 
 he simply pulled his own pillow to the foot , and rolled up in his sheets . 
 from this vantage point , he tried to watch her for a while . 
 a quick glance at the clock reminded him that he needed to be on duty in only a few hours . 
 he allowed his eyes to close , while strange new dreams pushed old tattered ones aside . 
 ۞ tark had just walked in when the call came in from dmitry , warning of his impending tardiness . 
 it was zero eight exactly . 
 there was a strange buzz on the bridge . 
 this hazy excitement he was inclined to attribute to the return of a large number of personnel , but for the reaction of the corporal who gave him dmitry 's message . 
 she 'd blushed to her roots , and run off before she could be detained for questioning . 
 the odd behaviors only increased when dmitry finally entered and fairly sprinted into his own office . 
 all eyes cast intermittent glances in that direction , until tark finally could stand it no longer , and went into his own office . 
 after a few more minutes of fidgeting , he went through to the door that connected the two rooms . 
 it opened , revealing dmitry sitting with his legs cast across his desk . 
 music played loudly . 
 tark made a twisting gesture with his thumb and forefinger , indicating his desire for a reduction in volume , to his friend . 
 dmitry complied , remaining in his position , waiting for what was surely to come . 
 `` what the hell is going on this morning ? 
 i come in , you 're late , and just when i think i know why everybody is all energized , in you come and prove me wrong . '' 
 dmitry stared at a monitor display of current earth news . 
 he did n't seem to react in the slightest , giving the impression that he was ignoring tark . 
 luckily , his friend knew better . 
 `` did you do something last night that i should know about ? '' 
 more silence . 
 `` how about something you want to share with me as your goddamn best friend . '' 
 at that , dmitry jumped out of his seat and came eye to eye with tark . 
 `` look , if i think you should there 's anything you should know , you 'll hear it from me first . 
 but there 's nothing except rumor flying around out there . '' 
 not quite all true . 
 `` what would have prompted this bout of gossip , then ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 somebody might have seen me kiss maeve last night . '' 
 tark 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` might have ? '' 
 tark narrowed his eyes . 
 `` how 's that ? '' 
 `` because i did , man . 
 so what ? 
 i took her dancing , and that was just a logical ending to the night . '' 
 `` dancing ? 
 is this going to turn into another one of your infamous tales of the many women of dem ? '' 
 tark spoke perhaps a little too harshly , and he knew he was pushing his friend in a direction that was not entirely wise . 
 he had the welfare of maeve howard in mind , and that outweighed diplomacy . 
 `` hey , screw you . 
 i 'll be honest with her . '' 
 he turned the other way , standing in a tense pose that tark recognized all too well . 
 `` you do n't need to protect her . 
 and you sure as hell do n't need to be in my face , all but pulling rank on me . '' 
 tark blinked . 
 he had n't expected such defensiveness . 
 usually dmitry had more than his share of a sense of humor about his philandering , but it was gone today . 
 perhaps there really was more to maeve than he knew . 
 she 'd somehow cast a charm over dmitry 's sensibilities , one that might lead him almost anywhere . 
 ۞ maeve made it back to her rooms without running across anyone who might recognize her , showering and dressing in record time before she heard pounding on her door . 
 she went and opened it as a round object sailed past her . 
 it was an orange blur , that crashed into the opposite wall . 
 `` oops !!! 
 sorry , did n't mean for that to happen . '' 
 josh and leif fought to get through the entryway after what proved to be a ball . 
 it seemed they 'd started their one on one a little prematurely . 
 grace sauntered in after them , carrying a tall covered mug , which she was smelling with a look of complete contentment . 
 `` cappuccino . 
 feels like an eternity . 
 chow hall coffee ca n't begin to compare . '' 
 she settled into maeve 's couch with a sigh . 
 a battle still raged behind her , as possession was warred over . 
 finally , with a cry of `` ha !!! '' 
 , josh stood , the victor , with the basketball tucked under his arm . 
 at least , maeve thought it was a basketball , the only indication as to its possible use being the familiar orange hue . 
 josh saw her looking at it . 
 `` cool , huh ? 
 supposedly it 's ` indestructible ' . 
 i figure we 'll give it the mother of all tests by the time we 're done . '' 
 maeve nodded . 
 `` i do n't doubt it , from what i 've seen already . '' 
 leif was standing again , red-faced , and scowling . 
 he did n't like being bested . 
 in spite of the fact that josh was a head shorter than he was , they were pretty equally matched otherwise . 
 it rankled . 
 in this respect , josh was fully aware . 
 he had a long-standing tradition of messing with leif 's head , as if they were playing a life-sized chess match . 
 one move up . 
 he withdrew and sat next to grace . 
 maeve watched all of them , wondering suddenly why it was they were all avoiding looking at her . 
 suspicion prickled in the back of her mind . 
 `` i 'm going to take a guess and say that you came here with a purpose in mind . '' 
 leif interjected before anyone else could in response to maeve 's question . 
 `` well , yeah . 
 we thought that it would be good to go and pt , and while we 're at it , we can tell each other all about our evenings . '' 
 maeve 's eyes narrowed as leif avoided her gaze , all innocence , while he guzzled a bottle of water to avoid further conversation . 
 `` sure . 
 we can go and work out . 
 what did you have in mind , more full-contact sports ? '' 
 maeve saw jemi , who , having just walked in the door , raised her hand as though she were in a classroom . 
 `` pardon me for saying this , but if you all are beating each other to hell , i 'm going back to bed . '' 
 she was n't going to escape that easily though . 
 the others grabbed her and hauled her out into the hallway . 
 they went and found antonio after that . 
 actually , they invaded his room , seized him and dragged him out , kicking and cursing . 
 they made their way through the station 's underbelly , all the way to the athletics complex . 
 it was quite amazing . 
 it had a full track , not 200 or 160 meters , but the entire 400 . 
 there were a few hard chargers out already jogging around it . 
 josh found a layout map , and waved them over . 
 two swimming pools , tennis , climbing walls , sparring rooms , heavy bag rooms , basketball ; the list went on and on . 
 the complex spanned all four levels of the station , and promised at all times something to occupy anyone who wanted a bit of exercise . 
 `` oh , they do n't have a curling area ? 
 that 's it , i 'm filing a complaint . '' 
 `` grace , only you could come up with an arcane and useless sport like that . 
 i think my grandmother mentioned it once , as something that everyone used to do , right between pillaging the countryside and getting cross-eyed on mead . '' 
 `` what can i say , my giant friend , i 'm an old soul . '' 
 `` dipstick is more like it . '' 
 he tousled her hair . 
 grace made a motion with her hand , like a bird 's beak snapping . 
 `` blah , blah , blah . 
 flattery will get you nowhere , honeychild . '' 
 `` how 's about we figure out what we 're going to do ? '' 
 maeve still had her eyes on the map , wishing that she felt better than three hours ' worth of sleep . 
 they all voted and passed a resolution to seek and destroy the basketball courts . 
 that was fine . 
 as the rules were laid , it became evident that the only rule was that rules sucked . 
 `` the first person who cops an attitude ... dies . '' 
 jemi looked pointedly at antonio , who seemed a lot less sullen than he had the night before . 
 he made a face . 
 `` how are you going to enforce that , may i ask ? '' 
 `` i am the enforcer ! 
 hulk smash puny humans ! '' 
 leif lunged for the lanky antonio , who assumed a pretty decent imitation of terror . 
 antonio dodged , and broke into a run , loping up a flight of stairs , loudly declaring his assumption of an imminent demise . 
 there was no more to be heard . 
 the last four of them clambered up the same stairway . 
 they encountered an unamused woman and her four children , all of whom looked dangerously close to tears . 
 leif was plastered to a wall , one entire shade of russet . 
 antonio was nowhere to be seen . 
 maeve took the initiative to try and placate the shaken mother . 
 `` i 'm really sorry . 
 you know how they get when you do n't take them out and walk them every day . 
 i 'm thinking leashes might be a great investment . '' 
 ۞ tark was looking over his morning mail , still feeling the heat from his encounter with dmitry . 
 there was a visual reply to his quietly submitted report on what had been found , the container , and its occupants . 
 he 'd sent it on a secure line to someone he trusted in command back on earth . 
 he looked at what there was . 
 a guideline mostly , for future proceedings , and a few other names that the colonel could look up if he needed more help . 
 the most important part was confirmation that this situation , such as it was , should remain a quiet one . 
 only essential personnel were to be included . 
 as far as anyone else was concerned , the newcomers were just personnel on temporary duty posting . 
 tark had essentially given this guidance already . 
 now he had official word on it . 
 now all he had was dmitry for a problem . 
 there was a rap at his door ; he hit the switch next to his hand , and the cloudy white of the door snapped into transparency . 
 he looked up . 
 it was sa’andy . 
 she 'd understand , he knew she would . 
 standing back up , he rapped the pad that opened the hatch . 
 he took her hand , and led the way out of his office , off the bridge , toward his new favorite place . 
 `` do you want to let me in on where we 're going ? '' 
 she was cheerful , but aware that there was something bothering him . 
 `` breakfast . '' 
 `` is there a problem ? '' 
 `` i 'll tell you about it in a minute . 
 by the way , you get to order . 
 i 'd like something from your homeworld , i think . 
 i 'd order for myself , i just ca n't pronounce any of it . '' 
 she laughed , watching his expressions ripple as swiftly as the waters of a rain-swollen fjord . 
 this would be an interesting morning , most certainly . 
 ۞ maria hawke was in the midst of her own correspondence ; currently paused was message from earth . 
 it was audio only , to ensure secrecy , but the aftermath left by it was just as powerful as any image could have been . 
 there was no reason for such a reaction , she found herself thinking frantically . 
 they 'd secured her position here for a reason , so that she could provide this very sort of information for them . 
 and now , they had all but given her notice . 
 reduction in numbers . 
 a formal reprimand , and the likelihood of being transferred someplace where she would be watched more closely . 
 no place in a command billet . 
 her lifelines were being cut . 
 raising unnecessary alarms . 
 all she 'd asked for was a little recognition for living out in this wasteland . 
 she thought about sending a reply , a plea , or a request for mast . 
 she was worthy , she had to be , otherwise , what did she add up to ? 
 at any rate , she knew what was bound to happen next . 
 she 'd seen it happen once before , to another colleague who 'd been under suspicion for espionage . 
 he was dead , purportedly a suicide , and officially a traitor to the cause . 
 she 'd be damned if she simply sat back and waited for their measure of punishment . 
 she knew what was coming , who was coming . 
 it would n't be as quiet as all that . 
 that left only one option , really . 
 her office suddenly seemed foreign , and unwelcoming . 
 it smelt of betrayal , and she could no longer abide it . 
 amazed eyes watched as the doctor flew by them , out of the clinic , toward her quarters . 
 they were clueless , but not ignorant . 
 something was afoot . 
 unfortunately , there was n't much to be done about it . 
 a vendor had reported a discovery of food taint , so the clinic was teeming with nauseated patrons , all of whom were certain that they were at death 's door . 
 everyone was too busy . 
 they could n't have known hawke had started a small fire in her office anyway . 
 and so it grew , happily consuming all it could . 
 it was a hungry , malevolent child , for the doctor had disabled the alarms and fire suppression devices in her office space . 
 the flames crept about , teasing surfaces , indiscriminately tasting objects , looking for what would feed it best . 
 soon , the whole room was a boxed explosion , looking for an outlet . 
 the flames laughed and danced , knowing with the surest instinct of evil that it was going to breathe ugliness into the world . 
 a physician 's assistant was the first to notice something amiss . 
 he needed something from the doctor 's office , but as he drew near , he could sense the wrongness of what he saw . 
 the door was contorting in agony , and as he got closer , he felt the terrible heat . 
 wisely , he stepped out of the hallway directly in front of it , and punched in the panic code that would send a fire squad reeling their way with the proper gear . 
 at least , he hoped he 'd gotten the code right . 
 fires were not that common an occurrence . 
 the security battalion , though it was virtually next door , was n't fully manned , so the ood , the officer of the day , had to call in personnel who were off duty . 
 men and women rushed in , listening to the brief as they donned fireproof gear . 
 evac readiness was a go for part of them , since the entire station clinic was in danger of being damaged to a point of lengthy repair . 
 the armory also shared a wall with the offices directly across from where the fire was currently confined . 
 another team went in search of the wayward doctor . 
 the barracks was a blur of motion and orchestrated pandemonium . 
 another station , the boorda -lrb- in orbit around io -rrb- had been alerted . 
 there was a short-range ship being readied for casualties . 
 the firefighters deployed headlong to the clinic , which was not yet engulfed , but it seemed inevitable that the fire would n't be contained much longer . 
 it wanted to be free of its too small home soon . 
 the unfamiliarity of peril was threatening to send normally calm civilians into frenzy , as they wrestled away from the vicinity of the clinic . 
 hoses were ready to pump foam into place , as soon as the door blew , which it did with a roar of fury and triumph . 
 glass exploded , flying outward into the unprotected crowd . 
 at the same time the hoses churned into life , barraging the flames . 
 the result was nearly instantaneous , as the onslaught of fire suppressant crushed every hope of flight for the fire . 
 there were cuts , ringing ears , and a few minor scorches . 
 the crowd that had evacuated raised a cheer , thumped backs , and shook hands with the personnel who had in fact , saved most of their clinic . 
 only the offices were scorched , windows shattered , and the pharmacy a little worse for wear . 
 it was damage that could be repaired within weeks , instead of having to entirely rebuild the section , or worse . 
 compared to what it might have become , it was so small . 
 the exit of the doctor was forgotten in the moment of relief . 
 ۞ hawke had made the best possible use of the confusion to make it back to her quarters , where she threw most of her papers and belongings into the trash recycler . 
 then , she sprinted out and toward the shipping lanes , where there was sure to be some empty docks . 
 she had her plan roughly sorted out , so long as she could avoid being caught , by the pmo 's or anyone else . 
 it was a certainty that someone was out looking for her , she knew it , so she ran faster , trying to blend in with the other creatures who were going to and from their ships . 
 she had to go up one level , to number four , where she consulted a digital slip guide to tell her what she wanted to know . 
 it read that there were four empty spots , all on the other side of the great circle . 
 no matter , she kept her pace and her purpose sure . 
 ۞ tark and sa’andy surveyed the damage from the fire . 
 their breakfast lay abandoned in the cafe , long since forgotten . 
 he cursed hawke without really knowing why . 
 she was a pain in the ass , and a bigot , but up until now , never of criminal intent . 
 something had made her snap , and he wanted to know what . 
 he had a suspicion that it had to do with whatever had encouraged her foolish prejudices . 
 he was certain she 'd never known that he was aware of her sentiments , nor that most of her outgoing messages had been monitored by the security manager , and subsequently given to the commanding officer , namely , tark . 
 they 'd always been oblique , and never named anyone she was in contact with , but he 'd also always assumed that whoever it was , they certainly were n't worth him expending much time over . 
 most of the messages were usually idle grousing , never overtly threatening . 
 tark thought now that he should check with dmitry to see if there was anything new that might shed light on this outburst of hers . 
 right after the doctor was brought in and questioned . 
 a staff sergeant spoke in his ear , letting him know that the team currently trying to track hawke down had just finished at her place , and found it in a shambles . 
 the recycler had just been in use , so they guessed that she 'd destroyed any items that probably would have helped them in understanding the situation . 
 just then , a call came in from the dockmaster , desperately seeking a team to come up and resolve a problem . 
 someone had locked him ... or her ... self inside a docking ring . 
 he could n't see for sure , he said , but he thought it was a kid , and was worried about them accidentally blowing the seals . 
 tark took a deep breath . 
 this was n't going to end the way he wanted . 
 what could have gone so wrong that hawke would have come to this point ? 
 `` i think we 've just located the doctor , staff sergeant . '' 
 he pointed off toward the central staircase leading off the docks . 
 the woman nodded vigorously , and called her team to meet them up there . 
 tark sprinted in the direction of the lanes , with sa’andy close behind . 
 they rounded a corner to the stairway , and nearly knocked down a group of people in the process . 
 it was maeve and her compatriots . 
 `` where 's the fire ? ' 
 she asked good-naturedly , until she read the expression on tark 's face . 
 she took up the rear as he continued his ascent . 
 the other five all shrugged and fell in as well . 
 they alighted in a huge vestibule that separated the military lanes from the civilian docks . 
 tark shoved through the curiosity seekers who 'd already flocked to the ring where crew and the security detachment stood . 
 they came to attention as soon as he approached , but he waved them back to ease , as he tried to see inside . 
 if it was her , she 'd cut the lights , and was staying out of the line of sight afforded by the porthole . 
 he pressed the button on the emergency speaker and hoped for the best . 
 `` doctor , if that 's you in there , just do us all a favor and come out . 
 there is always a better way , if you 're dealing with a problem . 
 we 'll do anything we can to help you out . '' 
 he was trying to recall the standard operating procedure for this sort of thing . 
 it was too far back in his memory banks , and the training had lasted for a mere week or two . 
 he went back to try and see in the window , having gotten no response . 
 a repair crew worked to restore lights , and to disable the outer hatch . 
 the doctor 's face appeared unexpectedly in the small window , startling him . 
 her face was streaked with moisture , and dust . 
 she looked at that moment like what he 'd always imagined a banshee to be . 
 she was full of that same rage , as she picked up a prybar from the supply locker inside , proceeding to smash the box which had given her the colonel 's voice . 
 that accomplished , she looked back at him , mouthing something . 
 over and over . 
 she backed away , into the darkness , as the crew finally made headway . 
 the emergency lighting came up , casting a pale amber wash over the scene . 
 hawke cast a desperate look around , obviously not expecting anyone to have reversed any of her actions . 
 she knew what she was doing , though , and did n't let herself get distracted . 
 a knife in her hand was the failsafe . 
 it was decided and done . 
 temptation to try and make a statement was abandoned ; let fate run its course before man could reverse it . 
 her fingers found the command pad and prodded the last code needed . 
 she felt a sudden cold rush at her back . 
 she tensed , and turned her head slightly as fingers with incomprehensible strength closed around her and pulled her into the ruthless void . 
 she felt nothing . 
 she knew nothing . 
 she was nothing . 
 a collective scream rippled through the crowd . 
 tark and maeve stood transfixed in dismay as the vault-like hatch rolled out of the way . 
 silently , the doctor 's body shot outside , as though it were pulled on a string . 
 personnel worked to get the outer door sealed and repressurized . 
 others stood by , suited to jump in and perform retrieval . 
 maeve hoped that she was in the last stages of asphyxia and not cognizant of what was happening to her body . 
 that thought did n't make it any easier to watch . 
 hands covered eyes among the onlookers , all anticipating what was to come . 
 it did n't take long . 
 soon , all that mattered were the innumerable globular droplets floating past the warning lights outside the bay windows of the waiting area . 
 it was almost beautiful , the way the red caught the light and shone through . 
 rubies in space . 
 a few of them caught against the glass , hanging there , trembling in spacial currents before they froze solidly . 
 the air was hushed . 
 loss . 
 the nature of what had just happened had a recognizable burn to it for maeve . 
 it was an atmosphere of utter helplessness . 
 she wanted to be far , far away from it , viscerally , and psychologically . 
 it reached out to her with skeletal claws ; a long-buried but well-traveled descent into hell . 
 striving to stay in control of herself , she finally fled the scene . 
 her stomach wrenched and vision swam while images of flesh and blood fought to show themselves to her . 
 maeve groped her way past the throng , down to the number two level . 
 it was relatively abandoned there . 
 no one gave her a second glance as she walked , then ran off the anxiety she felt . 
 escape seemed so very right ; comfort was granted only by distance . 
 she had wanted never to see blood again , never know its brutal definition again . 
 but she knew she would . 
 it would follow her , just as surely as if it was her shadow . 
 revulsion surged up , only to be fought back down -lrb- like so much else -rrb- , and sublimated . 
 she had to get under control . 
 she could feel sweat pouring off her body as she shivered in spite of having sprinted . 
 leif had watched maeve leave , feeling a faint sense of unease . 
 more than just this incident had to be bothering her . 
 possibly she either was not sure why , or else she was hiding what she did remember about herself . 
 he did n't think it was wise to chase after her yet , though . 
 she needed time to process . 
 turning back , he saw that the colonel was involved in the process of undoing as much harm as he was capable . 
 colonel tarkington looked the way a leader should ; unruffled , emanating calm . 
 under the surface was another story . 
 that was how maeve had been . 
 once , long ago . 
 leif wondered how much it would take to break a man like tarkington . 
 more , or less than it had for her ? 
 `` guilt is a bitter pill . '' 
 he turned around again , looking to see who had spoken , realizing belatedly that it had been the voice of someone who was long-dead by now . 
 leif stared back out the huge windows into space , trying to forget that voice in the distant past . 
 the sun burned on and on , while space suited crew began the grim task of collecting the doctor . 
 it was barely past zero nine thirty . 
 he rejoined the others , as they tried to make sense of this strange and unpleasant turn of events . 
 a whole day waited to unravel ahead of them . 
 ۞ that same tiring realization penetrated tark 's thoughts finally . 
 the whole damn day lay ahead . 
 he 'd watched maeve leave as well , knowing that he could n't follow her and still do his job the way he had to . 
 but he could n't imagine letting her suffer alone either . 
 he walked to a comm panel and called dmitry . 
 the respondent was still on the defensive , until he 'd been briefed . 
 then tark could only fill the gap between them with an olive branch . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry about what i said to you , man . 
 i felt like i had to look out for her , alright ? 
 and now , i 'm still doing that . 
 i need you to go find her and see if she 's okay . '' 
 `` i can do that . 
 and ... nothing happened . 
 just so you know . '' 
 a hum indicated that he had gone off the line . 
 tark cocked his head back over a shoulder , surveying the scene . 
 personnel were milling about in a sea of inaction . 
 he could predict being stuck there for a while , during the cleanup and concurrent investigation . 
 it would have been one thing if hawke had only had the good manners to see to her affairs in private . 
 as he chided himself for the callous thought , he had to admit he really was pissed off . 
 in his neck , muscles began to tighten into tiny fists , which were bound to start hammering away by nightfall . 
 this would most certainly suck . 
 maybe tonight would be the one that he took sa’andy out to dinner , seeing how their breakfast had gone out the window . 
 and later maybe , she might give him a backrub , while they sat in the whirlpool or something . 
 he started playing that scenario in the back of his mind to keep himself motivated . 
 this nightmare had to be the worst the day could get . 
 it had to go up from here . 
 after all , had n't dmitry just said , nothing happened ? 
 that had to be the uptick point for the day . 
 the man was finally growing up . 
 a few hundred feet away , just around the curve of the hallway , a mob was being held back by a trio of lance corporals . 
 the throng had disembarked from a ship , which had a layover on the nimitz , just in time for the side show . 
 none of them , save one person , had any idea who the woman was that had just thrown herself into the arms of the gods . 
 they conjectured to each other , making wagers and speculations , while the personnel controlling them grimaced at the macabre sense of humor with which the currency changed hands . 
 some aspects of humanity never changed . 
 they all pretended to be horrified and shocked , while their little hearts thrilled . 
 ۞ one man stood in the periphery , trying to go unnoticed . 
 he was handsome in a symmetrically unremarkable way . 
 he was the kind of man that several of the single women in the crowd would have slept with and forgotten about by the next month . 
 some of them had , during the voyage between earth and the nimitz . 
 he 'd merely provided a diversion , the same kind of momentary thrill they felt from the flashy drama of the doctor 's death . 
 it was guaranteed that his presence in their lives was already washed away by it . 
 as it luck would have it . 
 he felt pleased by the organic evolution that had come of this journey so far . 
 one of his objectives had been taken care for him , and he 'd managed to see to his own needs . 
 and now , with this , he would n't have to deal with any of them in a permanent sense . 
 he could n't have planned it any better . 
 he waited for people to start dispersing , noting how the women ignored him , some of them clasping onto their spouses ' arms , others with family and friends . 
 and he rode the wake of their exit , whistling a quiet hymn in memory of the passing of the doctor . 
 ۞ maeve wandered in and out of shops , feeling aimless , but hunted . 
 there were blips of visual memory gathering like dark clouds around the edges of her consciousness . 
 she had a sense of déjà vu , and saw herself sitting on the roof of a building somewhere , while a thunderstorm flashed and rumbled around . 
 her feet had dangled over the edge , she remembered . 
 and the urge to tip over that edge ... had been so strong . 
 just fall , just fall , go to sleep , fall asleep . 
 all around her in the fine gravel of the roof , little pink ovals lay scattered , and a mostly empty glass bottle lay on its side . 
 she could n't remember anymore . 
 she did n't want to . 
 there were far too many people around ; she could n't sink down to her knees and weep . 
 it was too much . 
 a voice from a faraway place began to ask , why , why did you do it ? 
 someone touched her and asked if she was feeling unwell . 
 she smiled thinly and said she was fine , while cold sweat trickled down her back . 
 another someone asked if there was yet another someone to be called , and maeve broke free from the small crowd . 
 she moved quickly away , at not quite a dead run , still not knowing where she was or what to do . 
 eventually she just roamed , finally coming to a stop outside a door . 
 with no small amount of surprise , she saw that it was dmitry 's quarters . 
 taking a chance , she knocked . 
 no answer . 
 his doorway was inside a vestibule , which shielded from view of the rest of the corridor . 
 it was dark and deep enough to hide in . 
 she curled into a ball in the darkest corner , and fell into a strange sleep . 
 reinforcing troops had been too late . 
 time was ticking back and forth ; inconstant betrayer . 
 no one wanted to say the word ; there was still hope . 
 radio silence . 
 and what was it that her company commander had always said ? 
 `` the enemy is not evil ; they 're just wearing the wrong uniform . '' 
 except they were wearing the right one this time . 
 and evil was evil . 
 blood in the water drew sharks , everyone knew that . 
 she kept hearing the phrase , ` coordinated attacks ' . 
 by whom ? 
 against whom ? 
 they were in the stronghold , the acropolis ... it was supposed to be safe . 
 she felt the phantom of pain in her belly , looked down , and watched her life slipping away . 
 screaming away . 
 `` maeve . 
 hey ... wake up . '' 
 a warm hand was on her neck . 
 she pushed it away , as the anxiety of her dreamscape lingered . 
 `` sorry , did n't mean to startle you , but then again you scared the shit out me . '' 
 `` i did n't really know what else to do with myself . '' 
 `` right . 
 sleeping on my doorstep seems like a good last ditch option after despair . '' 
 `` who said despair ? 
 i never said that . '' 
 she looked up at him as though she could get a line of sight into his brain . 
 `` tarkington called you , i suppose . '' 
 `` i can not comment on what he may or may not have done . 
 you 're at my door , remember ? '' 
 he pulled her to her feet . 
 `` i was bored . '' 
 `` lucky you ; i know how to fix such things . '' 
 he held fast to her hand and opened his door . 
 she hesitated . 
 `` i 'm just going to change into civvies . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she wandered in after him , seeing his living space anew . 
 `` i was hoping that last night was n't going to be ... . '' 
 dmitry walked out into the living area , shirtless , and she fell silent . 
 `` what , awkward ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` more for me than you , i think . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` relax . '' 
 he fished a bottle of wine from a cupboard and spent several moments rattling through a drawer in search of a corkscrew . 
 `` it 's just that , ow ! 
 found the pointy end first . 
 sorry . 
 well , i have a , um , how should i put this ... reputation ? 
 around here , people usually see me out with ... ladies ... on a regular basis . '' 
 `` are you trying to tell me that you 're a ` player ' ? '' 
 `` a what ? '' 
 `` someone who plays the scene . '' 
 `` i guess . 
 ahem . 
 well , the thing is , i have my own reasons . 
 and i 'm not to be taken seriously . 
 so do n't . '' 
 he avoided her stare . 
 `` you 're getting ready to ` entertain ' me , while telling me i , what , ought to go away ? '' 
 `` no , not really . 
 it 's mostly that tark will murder me in my sleep if i ... . '' 
 he fiddled with the cork , prying it out with some difficulty . 
 `` i hope this has n't gone to vinegar . 
 smells alright . 
 anyhow , let 's just say that i fouled up really badly a while back . 
 tark fought on my behalf , and got me out here on this duty posting . 
 while he overlooks my socializing , he seems to be particularly attached to you and your friends . 
 i would truly like not to infuriate my only real friend . '' 
 `` so , he did send you after me . '' 
 `` only after he shouted at me earlier this morning . '' 
 `` and said , or shouted , what ? 
 hands off ? '' 
 `` one might draw that conclusion . '' 
 she came around the counter to where he stood , sullen fury knitting her brows . 
 `` and what if i have other feelings on the matter ? '' 
 maeve took a step closer , he stepped back . 
 `` and i should say what , that a vulnerable woman threw herself at me , while i in my ... infinite whatever ... had no power to resist ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm asking what you want . '' 
 dmitry was backed into a corner . 
 it was an odd sensation , as she stood just watching him with that empty look in her eyes . 
 he did the only thing he could think of . 
 he took her into his arms and held her . 
 she was tall enough that she could rest her head on his shoulder . 
 it was a bit like cradling a wild animal . 
 every moment brought a new struggle , as her instinct to run fought for control , in spite of what she 'd said . 
 finally , she looked up at him , hoping to see that he 'd changed his mind . 
 more than anything , she wanted to feel something . 
 anything . 
 his eyes seemed more blue than grey right then , like a stirred-up stream that is finally settling its sediment back down . 
 how could she tell him that she was more like him than the fragile innocent that she 'd been made out to be ? 
 colonel tarkington had transformed her into a younger sister . 
 that much was obvious . 
 she wanted to be different than that . 
 dmitry , in return , saw what was in her eyes and resisted with what remained of his dwindling willpower . 
 he looked off into another corner of the room before speaking . 
 `` that is just not fair . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` well , times have changed , and i like to think humanity has evolved a bit , but certain things are still controlled by biology . '' 
 he gritted his teeth as she stood to her full height and drew in closer , as near eye to eye as she could muster . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 `` you do n't . 
 i 'm not a child . '' 
 she was as near to both their limits as he could stand . 
 he gently backed away from her , holding her hands , to keep her from leaving . 
 `` he will ... kill ... me . '' 
 this was probably only partly true . 
 dmitry was having a hard time trying to sort out what his true reluctance was . 
 `` it 's not his life . 
 it 's mine . '' 
 she hated the desperation that crept into her voice . 
 `` we both owe him . '' 
 he was earnest , for once in his life ; completely and utterly serious . 
 maeve 's protest died unspoken ; all her indignation dissipated . 
 she fell back against the counter in his kitchen , as the morning finally caught up to her . 
 `` so what now , then ? '' 
 she allowed him to put his arms around her once more , to press his forehead to hers , to lose herself in that small comfort . 
 it was all she would receive , apparently . 
 dmitry was still trying to reengage his resolve . 
 thinking carefully for some few moments , he searched for another moment in his life such as this . 
 he had turned down a woman . 
 she 'd been willing to go as far as he 'd wanted , and probably still was . 
 he 'd resisted , not because he did n't want her , but for some other reason . 
 that reason sat grinning at him from a corner of his consciousness , but he would n't look at it . 
 not yet . 
 instead , he held onto her , as her breathing slowed , and she finally relaxed . 
 only then did he allow himself to kiss her gently , differently than the night before . 
 that earlier kiss had come over them both in the heat of a moment , aided by spirits of many sorts . 
 this was ... better . 
 real . 
 they both lingered in it , each with their own thoughts , neither wanting it to end . 
 `` i 'm exhausted . '' 
 indeed , she did look completely drained , though no longer so unhappy as she had . 
 he ran his hand through her hair . 
 `` you can hide out here , if you want . '' 
 he let his hand stay resting comfortably on the back of her neck again . 
 she smiled faintly , while his mind raced down a thousand roads . 
 `` i have to get back . 
 at least i can tell tark that you 're ok . '' 
 she curled up on his sofa , and drifted off to sleep , away from whatever it was that haunted her . 
 lost under layers of slumber , she seemed safely within a dreamless expanse finally . 
 that security might have come from being in his environment . 
 in fact , she 'd cocooned herself in a blanket and fallen completely silent . 
 it seemed to dmitry , as he made certain she was asleep , that her life must be reduced to its mere elementals . 
 eat , sleep ... human contact , that was all there was left . 
 he was still reluctant to admit that maeve was impacting on his life , but he felt as though a day of reckoning was at hand . 
 the fires that he could see burning internally in maeve were building in him as well . 
 these were phoenix flames ; low , dark , hot , bent on creating the world anew . 
 dmitry eventually found his way back to the bridge . 
 tark had n't returned yet . 
 apparently he was still too deeply ensnared with the investigation of the rather unseemly demise of the doctor . 
 personally , he figured they were both relieved that the woman was finally gone . 
 nobody ought to go that way , but still . 
 he 'd run across her doing more than anybody 's share of strange things . 
 it had been his tip-off that had prompted tark to start monitoring her communications . 
 unfortunate , really , that she 'd been a wacko . 
 dmitry had been getting the reports delivered directly to him . 
 he had n't even submitted his final evaluation to tark yet . 
 not much point to it now , he supposed , except to bolster the depositions given at the inquest . 
 not having witnessed it directly , he could n't quite imagine how she 'd managed such a thing in such a short amount of time . 
 it should have required more planning , but he 'd not come across any hint of it in her messages . 
 he 'd never seen something like that in his experience , so he was n't entirely sure . 
 tark would be able to tell him more details . 
 dmitry left forward observation in search of tark , wanting the full truth before it got warped by too many retellings . 
 it was barely past midday . 
 if he was lucky , he could catch up with tark before he disappeared into the slew of meetings that were bound to take place . 
 he knew he had his own long list to attend to as well , but it could wait . 
 a little voice in his head reminded him that he was avoiding his job . 
 it was true . 
 he was not a fan of admin . 
 it was not sexy . 
 it was not fun . 
 loyalty and pride kept him doing it anyway . 
 ۞ another ship was docking , not far from the one that had stopped in with a layover ; dmitry casually noted it as he slipped through straggling clusters of onlookers . 
 it was a moderately small sized ship , most likely a merchant looking to unload some goods . 
 they had lucky timing . 
 tark had turned away a lot of traffic up until the end of the storms . 
 he made a mental note to check and see how many new and returning sellers were due in . 
 more work than he could shake a stick at on board this floating city . 
 wallace and julieta , at the same time , were preparing to leave that small craft . 
 it would sit idle for however long was needed , until they were ready to turn around and go back . 
 there would be a sizeable fee for renting the slip . 
 currency was , at least , one of their lesser concerns . 
 more importantly , they had their stories ready , as well as identification cards that would withstand a fair amount of scrutiny . 
 wallace went off to secure the berth , coming back only minutes later , shaking his head . 
 julieta gave him a questioning look , which he did n't see , so she jabbed him with a finger and asked , `` what ? 
 you look like you got yourself a mouthful of dirt . '' 
 wallace made a repulsed face . 
 `` that 's really nasty . 
 ca n't you come up with non-eating metaphors ? '' 
 shrugging casually , she ignored his complaint . 
 `` anyway , i go down to get our dock keys , and paperwork , and there 's some sort of crime scene or something . 
 i ask , and it turns out that some nut offed herself this morning . 
 my thinking is that we should get to our rooms quick and stay as far from this part of the station as possible . '' 
 julieta waved a letter at him . 
 `` not a problem , man . 
 master kun gave me a letter of introduction to someone , and that 'll occupy a fair piece of time . '' 
 wallace was struck dumb . 
 nobody had thought to let him in on the plan , fine , fine , but he did n't like operating in a vacuum . 
 julieta chose to ignore his puppy eyes this time . 
 she strode past him , hauling her bags behind her . 
 `` sure i 'd love to tag along . 
 thanks for asking . 
 and while we 're at it , i think we should tap-dance down the hall , singing ` old man river ' . 
 or does that go against our rules of engagement ... i would n't know , since things seem to get decided without me being told . '' 
 `` get over it . 
 that 's the least of our big deals . 
 you know the important stuff , and what would happen if you knew all the little details is that your brain would fuse , and you 'd be even more useless than you are now . '' 
 `` fine . 
 see what happens the next time you need me . '' 
 `` same thing that always happens . 
 you crack stupid jokes while i do all the work . '' 
 they made their way down the grand staircase in the center of the docking level , trying to take in everything . 
 it was unbelievable that something so unnatural could seem so right , and spectacularly simple . 
 the nimitz was playing its usual siren song to these newcomers , drawing them in with a familiarity which was not true . 
 they meandered through the various levels , and sectors , until they stumbled into the one they were looking for . 
 by that time , they had been noted , and reported to the duty log back in the security battalion offices . 
 the pfc assigned to monitor new arrivals was inclined to think that the two might be smugglers . 
 if that was the case , they were doing a shitty job at being inconspicuous . 
 it was n't in their favor that they had just walked into the one place on board the nimitz that was a known refuge for folks of a black market ilk . 
 the pfc quickly made her report and marked it priority . 
 she knew the xo had his eye on this place . 
 the report circulated its way up the chain of command , garnering opinions , until it got hand-delivered to dmitry . 
 `` sir ? 
 the gunny in security wanted me to forward this your way . '' 
 `` hey , thanks , sergeant . 
 what the heck is this ... a suspicious persons report . 
 ah , yes . '' 
 he looked it over . 
 female : late twenties to early thirties , latin descent , black hair , dark eyes , five-six , medium build . 
 male : same age range , caucasian , dark blonde , blue eyes , six-two , medium build . 
 business stated : commercial . 
 current location : chinatown , the residence of one mrs. han , elder of the community , and a council member . 
 he smiled grimly , thinking of the battles of wits he 'd already engaged in with the old lady . 
 she was canny , and seemed to enjoy stymieing his efforts . 
 he could only keep on top of her activities and hope she 'd slip up one of these days . 
 that would have to wait for now , though . 
 he was too busy trying to wrap up loose ends , doing his best to get both tark and himself out of the docking area . 
 in response to questions on the topic of maeve , he told his friend that she was safely asleep . 
 somewhere out of harm 's way . 
 tark cast his friend a gimlet eye . 
 this read that he wished a full explanation was forthcoming , but chose not to press it . 
 dmitry smiled beatifically , a feat indeed , as he knew he was anything but virtuous . 
 however , they were back to joking around in no time ; testament to their strong friendship . 
 he handed the security report over to tark , who shrugged at it . 
 `` what is this supposed to be ? '' 
 `` i dunno yet . 
 it was handed over to me in my role as the man with the plan and knowledge superior . '' 
 `` i wonder why they thought to flag these two ? '' 
 `` probably because they headed straight to the place of business owned by a former arms dealer . '' 
 ۞earthside : the med , middle of the night . 
 robert warden stood outside , on a balcony , watching people walk along the coast . 
 he had a sudden thought that he would dearly love to stand and throw thunderbolts at the ground below . 
 he could already exercise powers at least as great as that . 
 it would be entertaining to see a physical manifestation of them . 
 the only god in my sphere , he thought cheerily , i am the alpha , and the omega . 
 he 'd gotten word from his operative that the doctor no longer a problem . 
 she 'd seen to her own affairs . 
 he 'd expected this outcome , really . 
 if fate were to have her hand , all might resolve itself with little effort . 
 warden appreciated that sort of synchronicity . 
 no more loose ends , no more worries . 
 oh , he was n't worried , though , was he ? 
 no , not really . 
 worry was for fools and weaklings . 
 he sipped at a glass of mineral water , mentally cursing his decision to stop smoking cigars . 
 he felt it was his one vice , and had only surrendered it according to the wishes of his wife . 
 she was asleep , not more than twenty feet behind him , so angelic . 
 she kept to the light , too blinded by it to notice that he 'd fallen into shadow . 
 it hardly mattered anymore . 
 as a woman , she was merely a tool , another piece of the false persona he had cultivated for around ten years . 
 he walked over to a small table that held a stack of books , a carafe of his water , and a sandwich . 
 nine people , asleep in space . 
 for what ? 
 a couple hundred years , alongside a purpose that they must surely think pointless by now . 
 at least one of them would know him for what he was , surely . 
 rubbing his temples , he considered the stories surrounding the vessel , dating back to the very moment of its inception . 
 at the time , none of the members of his organization had been able to get even the slightest hint as to its location . 
 it was only generations later that information had finally been unearthed . 
 the paranoia of his so-called predecessors had culminated in a unanimous vote for eradication of this perceived threat . 
 by that time , no one could remember what precisely had been placed inside the metal womb . 
 nor why it was supposed to be so dangerous to them . 
 therefore , fear and violence were perfectly acceptable responses . 
 if he 'd been there , he 'd have been able to tell them . 
 he 'd known what was in it . 
 he 'd known what the danger was . 
 he wished he had been there for all the interrogations and torture . 
 that was more his cup of tea than all this false smiling and bureaucracy . 
 the days of inflicting pain were far gone from his present life , at least in person . 
 now , he did it by signing papers , and sending disgusting creatures off to accomplish it for him . 
 actually , warden took the whole affair quite personally . 
 he blamed himself for the rediscovery of the vessel . 
 he 'd trusted too well the decades-old reports . 
 having thought that the blasted thing was long destroyed , he had ignored any other scenario , probable or otherwise . 
 it was more than inconvenient ; it reflected badly . 
 after all , it had been his leadership that had brought in so many new people to the organization and its cause . 
 certainly , large bribes and carefully placed threats had helped grease the wheels as well . 
 warden derived small gratification from those things , though . 
 he sighed , looking back out over the calm , gently rippled glass of the sea . 
 the next move was up to someone else . 
 being on the defensive was something he hated . 
 the only thing to do was wait , wait and see where the chips might fall . 
 orders to mobilize could go out with very little lead time ... perhaps it was best that the vessel had been found after all . 
 the first initiative all those years ago had failed miserably . 
 the organization had been forced into anonymity , trying to gain traction underground . 
 they had become agile , elusive , and careful . 
 all those habits would pay dividends now , and he would have the satisfaction of seeing to the end of their only remaining threat . 
 if his agent was as successful as to be hoped for , that would be one thing . 
 if things went the way warden actually expected , it would still be a success , but a far messier proposition altogether . 
 ۞the depths of peru . 
 elsewhere , back in the heavily layered humidity of his forest home , master kun sat in a small temple , contemplating his situation with a characteristically open mind . 
 he was a priest ; trained to a level that he was able to serve without reservation or fear . 
 it was a rare occasion when he would consider all the earthly trappings he had left behind whilst traveling his path . 
 this was one of those moments . 
 he had family , scattered here and there , over thousands of miles removed . 
 amongst all those relatives were nieces , nephews , a sister , a daughter ... a grandchild . 
 never more did he regret the distance than now , after he had sent away wallace and julieta . 
 there was a void left behind , regardless of his responsibility to everyone else there . 
 he knew he needed to send out the message to mobilize ; that much was clear . 
 kun stood in the evening glow , watching the sun hesitate above the mountains , and wished that it would hurry to set . 
 he had a desire to go to his telescope , and see if he could find the station in the inky distance . 
 those bottomless depths he had once dived into , bringing back with him two sleeping warriors . 
 fifty years from their discovery he had waited to resurrect them . 
 and though he found wallace to be more than unusual , he would n't trade their time together for all the wealth the universe could hold . 
 kun looked to the fiery disk a last time before heading indoors , wanting some sort of connection to them again . 
 they were so far away . 
 if what wallace had said was true , they had their work cut out for them . 
 kun was no longer able to control the outcome , though he burned incense to promote favor , and meditated on the fate of those far away from him . 
 ۞the nimitz -- two days later . 
 tark had given them the run of the station , more or less . 
 they all had identity cards . 
 he 'd laid out the ground rules , given them briefings , and left them to their own devices . 
 tark felt they deserved a little liberty , given their circumstances . 
 they were , after all , faced with a tremendous readjustment . 
 harsh reality would set in eventually as they tried to make new lives . 
 none of them was particularly inclined to argue the point . 
 it was an unhappy thought ; having to leave the protective womb of the station , and face into surviving on their own . 
 they 'd had skill sets chosen especially for their presumably now-defunct mission . 
 one could only imagine that they would have to enter training all over again to make use of any of those skills . 
 and the mission ? 
 they had no end orders . 
 antonio argued that the passage of time was the expiration . 
 there could be no person left who would have charge of those orders anymore . 
 for once , jemi took an opposing view and insisted that they ought to find out for certain . 
 this discussion took place quietly , excluding maeve . 
 she had been , once upon a time , chosen as their leader . 
 this was when it had seemed like a simple thing to join an elite program . 
 before any of them had met maeve . 
 it had been touted as a program into which personnel fought to be accepted . 
 this was the purported next stage of the space program , by then privatized . 
 it had still been competitive . 
 antonio had been civilian , as had jemila ... as well as some of the others who were now lost . 
 fergus wallace , for instance , and hiroko takemura . 
 it had taken them months to realize that there were more than just a few similarities between all their life stories , though . 
 by then , they were too far into the program , too isolated , too aware of their precarious positions . 
 even if they 'd tried to run , no one would have believed their stories . 
 even now , it seemed unbelievable . 
 they would n't have left maeve behind . 
 they could n't have taken her either . 
 all that secrecy was pointless now anyway . 
 they 'd have to tell her everything soon , when they figured out how to . 
 would she be able to accept any of it ? 
 they had sat on that question for weeks now , while leif mulled over other things he needed to tell her . 
 difficult , thorny things . 
 he was not looking forward to any of it . 
 after all other considerations , they were all grateful that wallace was n't among them . 
 from her behavior to date , it seemed probable that she would not have been as well off if he had been . 
 they did mourn julieta ramirez and hiroko , and that maeve had never formally met those two . 
 wallace was an entirely different question . 
 he never should have been included in the program , as far as any one of them was concerned . 
 they all had their reasons for believing this was so . 
 the only truly important reason , in leif 's mind especially , was a matter of trust . 
 there had been debate about whether wallace 's actions had been deliberate or sheer stupidity , but what he 'd done had led to consequences far beyond anyone 's control . 
 they halted directly outside the walls between maeve 's rooms and them . 
 loud music emanated through the walls . 
 music had always been her refuge . 
 it was somehow reassuring that she was at least listening to it . 
 before , after everything that had happened , she had gone silent . 
 no songs , no talking , no anything . 
 once , though , she and her brother had played guitar together in a long ago time , only dim memory now . 
 they would sit out in the dirt and grass yard of their cramped housing , picking out songs under the stars . 
 those nights had been filled with the smell of citronella candles sloshing around in glass jars and beer of the cheapest variety . 
 anyone who had wanted to join in had always been welcome . 
 leif recalled that she 'd favored bluegrass and folk . 
 what pounded on the other side of the walls , as they stood listening , was distinctly different . 
 it seemed that some inner conflict was still raging . 
 josh broke their inertia , caused by the intensity of the sound , and began thumping on the door vigorously . 
 the music quieted slightly , and they heard her call to enter . 
 the door opened on its own , revealing nothing of maeve , until they rounded the corner . 
 she hung from a bar , finishing a set of pull-ups , after which she dropped and started in on pushups . 
 the music made slightly more sense now , given the sweat she had worked up . 
 `` three hundred to go . 
 just finished the first hundred . '' 
 josh nodded . 
 `` you 're gon na be on your face by the end of ` er . '' 
 `` that 's the idea . '' 
 she gritted her teeth and focused on getting through the discomfort and the urge to stop . 
 grace stood staring at the pull-up cage . 
 `` where the hell did she get this ? 
 i 'm not saying i want one , but still . '' 
 `` i dunno . 
 let 's ask after she finishes , though . '' 
 they adjourned to her kitchen and began to raid the cupboards . 
 maeve ignored the rattling and banging . 
 she struggled to find the focus to get through fifty more pushups , breaking them into smaller chunks . 
 after that , one hundred sit-ups , while her body screamed at her , and then one hundred air squats . 
 though she was finished , she waited several moments to peek at her timer . 
 twenty-eight minutes . 
 not great , but not poor , either . 
 she reminded herself that this was not about sprinting to a finish line . 
 she had to find her pace and hold to it . 
 that was the trick , though . 
 finding a tempo , a rhythm by which she could live . 
 a shadow loomed over her . 
 she snapped out of her reverie . 
 `` what do you say to a quiet night in ? '' 
 leif was smiling down at her . 
 `` somehow i ca n't see quiet being a part of it for long . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 innocence was not one of his better acts . 
 `` i saw the bottles you just brought in . '' 
 she forced a smile and waggled a finger at the kitchen counter . 
 `` oh , that . 
 just a growler and some wine . 
 and some other stuff . 
 not my idea . '' 
 he screwed up his face and stared at the ceiling . 
 `` completely . '' 
 `` where did you find a growler ? '' 
 `` brewpub . 
 they fill them right on the spot for you . 
 we were thinking of getting some pizza , catching up on the cinematic treasures we 've surely missed ... what do you say ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 sounds , um , relaxing . '' 
 she continued to towel off , ignoring leif 's pointed look . 
 `` no other plans tonight ? '' 
 he wanted to punch himself in the head . 
 how could she fail to read him completely ? 
 `` none that i 'm aware of . '' 
 she quirked her mouth at his relieved expression . 
 `` alright , out with it . 
 you 've been acting weird for the past couple days . '' 
 `` no idea what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` is this about major petrovich ? '' 
 maeve watched his face run through a series of expressions . 
 she wondered if he was aware of just how poor a job he did hiding his thoughts . 
 `` what ?! 
 noooo ... nah . 
 nope . '' 
 `` jemi said you guys went out to a bar the other night . 
 he and i were at a very similar place that night . '' 
 `` so ? 
 you 're an adult . '' 
 `` you 've always looked out for me , like a br ... you 're a good friend . 
 probably the best friend i 've ever had . '' 
 he 'd turned away , not wanting her to read his face right then . 
 it was obvious to him why she 'd pulled short of using the word `` brother '' , but being thought of that way , or as just a friend ... it cut deep . 
 `` we might have seen you with him . 
 no big deal . '' 
 he willed her to keep asking , to admit finally that she knew there was more to it . 
 somehow , though , he knew she was n't ready to go back in time yet . 
 turning back around , he strained a smile back onto his face . 
 `` now , you still like the veggie pizza , right ? '' 
 ۞ tark was just stretching out on his bed , savoring the damp , fresh feel of just having had a long bath . 
 sa’andy stood leaned over the sink , toweling off her silky hair . 
 she then tossed the cloth on the floor to mop up the excess of water that had escaped the confines of the tub . 
 sometimes she missed living in her watery world , but on fortune 's side , tark had grown up in an environment well-accustomed to moisture . 
 she had n't any idea what it had entailed , other than that he loved a good wet room . 
 someday , she hoped to visit his beloved bayou with him . 
 humidifiers sitzed moisture into the air . 
 warmth seeped along the fog , creating a boggy atmosphere . 
 tark had tree frogs living with them , in a recessed terrarium . 
 they loved the swampy air as much as the two bipeds that cared for them did . 
 it was a simple and pleasant life . 
 in fact , in spite of the day 's events , tark would almost call it a charmed existence . 
 he was more than simply content , and said as much . 
 `` it is always content , i notice , when we have time to bathe together . '' 
 `` does n't hurt that you 've been extra attentive since that cursed morning . 
 i 'm not going to question any of it . 
 c'est génial to be in love . 
 at least , i 'm assuming love is what 's driving this trolley . 
 otherwise , my whole universe is out of whack . '' 
 that earned a smile . 
 he was as much a sucker for those lips of hers as she was for his quaint sense of chivalry . 
 `` assume away . 
 there is n't a thing in the universe to stop you . '' 
 she drew him closer , and began to massage his forehead . 
 except exhaustion , he might have amended , but he was already out cold . 
 he snored a bit on the loud side until sa’andy gently rolled him onto his stomach . 
 then all he did was hiss . 
 in , out , in , out . 
 it was familiar enough a sound to lull sa’andy into a restful state . 
 she tucked herself close up to him , and slipped into her own state of partial consciousness . 
 ۞ that lone disembarkee from the laid over ship sat in a stranger 's room listening to the sounds of the station . 
 it seemed almost alive to his perceptions . 
 it had tremendous energy that he would need to make use of in order to complete his mission . 
 he wanted to tap into its being , and make it bow to his will . 
 two hours had passed while he walked throughout the halls and chambers of the nimitz , memorizing and planning . 
 no one had stopped him , not even to ask if he was lost . 
 there did not seem to be even the least hint of suspicion toward strangers here . 
 and that was its greatest weakness . 
 it was exploitable , and he would taste blood again very soon because of it . 
 there was a woman with him . 
 she had willingly gone with him from a pub , a quiet little bar that had been the terminus of his tour . 
 and it was a veritable land of plenty , though after tonight , he 'd have to orchestrate his return there carefully . 
 no more pickups there anymore , though he 'd go back . 
 the woman lay very still on the floor . 
 she appeared to be tired , after they 'd thrashed together there for over an hour . 
 so tired that she 'd given up trying to seem alive . 
 he reached over and carefully undid his belt from around her neck . 
 he 'd been so gentle about it , skillful actually , that the marks left by the leather strap were hardly visible . 
 she lived alone . 
 would n't be missed for a few days , longer than he needed to finish up . 
 it did n't entirely make up for having had to abstain from cutting loose on the transport to this place . 
 he always wanted so much more . 
 it was like that , wanting the ensuing experience while the current one was fresh-fiery in his mind . 
 he knew where to go next to satisfy the bloodlust . 
 he knew how to make the whole thing happen , like a match to rice paper , it was as easy as punching a time clock for him . 
 meditating , using the trance to rest his uneasy brain , he resisted delving into his fantasies . 
 dreaming was for cowards ; people who lived in fear of acting on the urges of the true mind . 
 ۞ julieta and wallace sat up late with mrs. han , going over everything that had taken place . 
 the old woman fussed over them , bringing tea and plate after plate of food . 
 she was a peanut of a person , with large , dark eyes that seemed to be overflowing with kindness . 
 they had n't met her before , but she was very much like her brother , from whose company they had so recently parted . 
 the truth was much more complicated , as far as mrs. han was concerned . 
 she traded on her image , such as it was now , to appear harmless and grandmotherly . 
 many , many long years ago , her life had been distinctly different . 
 in those days , she had traded on something else entirely . 
 she had once been known as báiliánjiào , the white lotus . 
 one might presume , having looked over information on her past , that she had been a dangerous and possibly immoral person . 
 this was what mrs. han had aimed to achieve ; a curtain from which to operate behind . 
 the real story was certainly far removed from those records of her misdeeds . 
 truth was rarely easy or straightforward . 
 truth was dangerous . 
 it was her duty now to smile and continue to hide behind the façade that she had created . 
 there was finally a ray of hope , however . 
 she could dream that she might get to return home and leave the cold shroud of space behind . 
 it was no mistake that mrs. han was on the nimitz . 
 she 'd been waiting years before the time had finally come . 
 she had been searching , tapping on the rim of the cosmos , watching , until one day , a ghostly echo had eventually returned . 
 kun had only been able to take two of them at the time . 
 they could n't chance moving the entire vessel at that time . 
 nor had he a ship large enough for all of them . 
 yes . 
 she smiled at wallace and julieta , and felt the tiny bit of hope expand . 
 the lotus would finally be able to fade away into dust . 
 there were others to take up its mission , and succeed where she and kun had failed . 
 their numbers were great enough now . 
 they would win the day , she knew it . 
 all that was needed now was a leader . 
 `` everything okay , mrs. han ? '' 
 `` certainly , child . 
 an old woman is given to fanciful thoughts ... that is all . '' 
 `` have you heard anything more on the death of the station 's doctor ? '' 
 `` i needed to hear nothing , julieta . 
 she was one of theirs . 
 my contact has promised to let us know if it has anything to do with your arrival , or the awakening of the others . '' 
 `` when should we go find them ? '' 
 `` patience , my dear boy . 
 my brother did not send you all the way here to behave rashly . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i think it best if we proceed slowly . 
 we have no idea whether warden has sent someone here to clean up after the doctor ... or perhaps ... . '' 
 `` you think she might have been pressured into what she did ? '' 
 `` that much seems possible . 
 we must wait for some of those answers before we act . '' 
 ۞ it was a slow morning . 
 dmitry had his head set on wrapping up the matter of the two mysterious visitors as quickly as possible . 
 he grabbed a few people , and headed for mrs. han 's theater . 
 the old woman put on great shows , including the one she ran around her life . 
 fortunately for all of them , the only thing she seemed to have a penchant for smuggling anymore was refugees . 
 her home sat atop the theater , a healthy stairway climb along the side of the building . 
 they entered through the theater doors , antique art deco beauties that must have been worth their weight in gold and freight cost . 
 dmitry made his presence known unceremoniously , hoping that his entire day was n't about to be taken away from him . 
 a young woman in stage makeup answered the call , giving the unfamiliar faces a once over . 
 she was painted to look like a devil , in dramatic tones of smoke and blood , hair swept back into two separate french twists that rose into horns at the back of her head . 
 the effect was striking , the girl beautiful . 
 ordinarily , he 'd have changed gears right into pursuit mode . 
 now , dmitry found he was ignoring the girl in favor of business . 
 somehow , unconsciously he 'd already promised himself that he would n't do anything that could hurt maeve . 
 the thought surprised him a little . 
 the devilish girl led them to their destination with disinterested politeness , and with barely a blink of an eye , was gone . 
 he looked around mrs. han 's parlor , soaking in the atmosphere of floor mosaics , glossed wall panels , and tapestries . 
 mrs. han appeared from nowhere , standing in diminutive regality as though she had been expecting them . 
 a wave of her small hand ushered them into a sitting room . 
 it was a large , atrium style room , allowing a view of the hallway and lobby outside . 
 other people were in varied degrees of costume and makeup . 
 there was the show tonight , a production of faust , which explained the air of wickedness amongst the players . 
 `` what can i do for you , honored guests ? '' 
 the old woman spoke in a measured tone , while gauze and veil fluttered in the background . 
 `` well , first you can tell me where to get tickets . '' 
 he threw a thumb in the direction of the actors . 
 `` then you can tell me who your new friends are . '' 
 `` i have new arrivals all the time . 
 perhaps if you were a little more specific , major ? '' 
 `` okay , if you want to play it like that , the ones that we watched come into your place last night . 
 look mrs. han , we turn a blind eye to most of what goes on here , mostly because you help a lot of people . 
 this might be different . '' 
 `` i can tell you some small thing about them , perhaps . 
 they did come seeking ... aid . '' 
 `` you must know that i would n't come asking questions if i thought it was as simple as two refugees looking for asylum . 
 we 've not gotten any indications from your end that you need help . '' 
 `` perhaps it is merely that they are a special case . '' 
 the old woman was plainly going to root herself down and not allow him to dislodge her . 
 `` mrs. han , i 'm simply trying to do my job . 
 i know that i do n't have to remind you of what happens to people who harbor criminals . '' 
 he leaned in close to her , and took her tiny , birdlike hand in his much larger one . 
 he was startled at its warmth , but then , who knew what secrets , never mind power , lay in it . 
 his grasp of it did not lessen . 
 `` surely you have heard about the things going on around here . '' 
 he watched her hopefully . 
 she smiled , and patted her free hand on his cheek . 
 he knew it was useless . 
 the others with him snickered softly , relishing the sight of the charm machine being halted dead in his tracks . 
 `` you need n't worry . 
 i do admire your concern and tenacity , but as you say , i have not yet sought help . '' 
 her dark eyes seared through the space between them , leaving him with a distinct impression of what she had been as a young woman . 
 she was a woman of s sort he recognized . 
 `` not yet . 
 i wonder what you might mean by that . 
 however , there is also a matter of some individuals whose welfare we are seeing to . 
 i guess you could say that we 're giving them asylum as well . '' 
 he took a breath , glanced at his team , and dismissed them . 
 they filed out of the room wordlessly . 
 `` do n't misunderstand me . 
 we , as in the colonel and myself , have to pay attention to certain facts . 
 right now , that fact is that someone on our station has been in communication with a group back on earth that we 'd rather not see visiting our station ... ever . '' 
 at last , her smile faded into a mien of calm concern . 
 `` i assure you , major , that the two guests who you seek have no ill intentions . 
 a very old and close ... acquaintance of mine referred them . 
 you must believe me when i say that i have some personal experience with this group to which you refer . 
 my aim has always been to help those who oppose them . '' 
 she watched dmitry pointedly , willing him to understand . 
 to her relief , he nodded , and made to take his leave . 
 `` you say you help people ... perhaps we may be calling on you for assistance soon . '' 
 `` major , if i may , please ? '' 
 she took his hand , gently . 
 `` in life , we are always called upon to make difficult decisions . 
 you seem to be at that point ; i would suggest patience and careful consideration . '' 
 he took his hand back quietly and rejoined his team in the theater lobby . 
 it was difficult to tell what mrs. han knew and where her loyalties might truly lie . 
 his gut told him that he could trust her , in spite of the reputation she carried . 
 there was nothing else to do but continue to proceed with caution . 
 he could only hope that hawke 's last messages , in and outbound , would shed a bit more light on what had gone wrong . 
 on their way out , a young man barreled through the front door . 
 a traffic jam ensued , nearly taking dmitry off his feet in the process . 
 he grabbed the heedless stranger 's shoulders to keep him from caroming off his own body . 
 at the same time , he had the strangest sensation that they shared some unknown common ground . 
 a tattered book was n't as lucky ; it skittered across the floor , shedding loose papers behind it . 
 dem went to assist in its retrieval . 
 the other man cut him off , scooping up everything in one sweeping movement . 
 `` thanks , i 'm good though . 
 and lucky for both of us , i 'm secure enough in my manhood to not be bothered by you feeling me up . '' 
 he was grinning , while dem recognized at the same time a dangerous light in the man 's frank stare . 
 `` sure , no problem . 
 maybe just try walking with your head up next time . '' 
 a quick turn on the heel of that remark left him with the last word , and a growing feeling of discomfort . 
 he was put ill at ease by whatever it was that he sensed in the other man . 
 there was something in that exchange , a ghost of an emotion . 
 dmitry did n't like those sorts of feelings at all . 
 ۞earth -- peru the rainforest hummed the quiet joy of renewal , reveling in an afternoon rain , as a lone figure bounded up a familiar path to a place he had once called home . 
 `` grandfather , are you out here ? '' 
 kun rousted himself from a meditation to hear the footsteps of his only grandson . 
 this was a sound he had anticipated for some time . 
 it had been difficult to see him go , and know that he could not stop the boy . 
 in his role as grandfather , kun had never pushed , the way he would have as a father or teacher . 
 he had merely waited , and opened his arms when he knew he should . 
 now was one of those times . 
 `` tea ? '' 
 not , where have you been all this time , and do n't think i 've missed hearing about your questionable associates . 
 in the face of unconditional love , boko 's fears receded , while his grandfather prepared tea in the traditional way . 
 `` yes , please . '' 
 boko sat and watched silently for several minutes . 
 `` it took me a while to decide to come here , but i had to think it through . '' 
 kun merely smiled and allowed silence to float like the tea leaves in their liquid . 
 he handed his grandson the delicate cup , continuing his role as patient elder . 
 boko stared into his cup , wishing he could read the leaves as they floated , instead of waiting until the cup was drained . 
 `` i want to come back to the jungle . 
 i ca n't take the city anymore . '' 
 `` are you certain that it is only the city and not those who inhabit it ? '' 
 kun 's voice drifted evenly over to his grandson . 
 the young man looked up sharply . 
 so the old one knew everything . 
 `` what should i do , grandfather ? '' 
 despair , fear , and exhaustion were written sharply across his features . 
 `` wait , as i have done , but also help me , boko . 
 i need you to continue to be the person you have been with your associates for a short while longer . '' 
 `` i just do n't want you to be ashamed of me , grandfather . 
 my life does n't make sense anymore , and i want ... i need your help . '' 
 he hung his head , feeling the specter of robert warden hovering nearby , like the shadow of death . 
 kun placed a hand on boko 's head , the man who was a boy only yesterday , and felt the power of the evil that was trying to keep its hold on him . 
 `` i have nothing but love in my heart for you . 
 but you have to help us right the wrongs that you have seen . '' 
 kun smiled , and boko felt as though he was a child again . 
 hope flooded like adrenaline through his body , expelling deep exhaustion . 
 he looked at his grandfather , absorbing his energy of calm . 
 `` what do you need me to do ? '' 
 `` boko , this is a matter of some importance . 
 it will not be easy , and it will not be safe . '' 
 he stood and lengthened to his full height , dusky ash-colored robes billowing out behind . 
 `` come with me and i will tell you the story . 
 it is time for you to know . '' 
 he walked out of the gazebo just as the showering sky ceased to issue forth any more water . 
 soon , the sun would be back . 
 after a short walk , boko found himself following his grandfather into what appeared to be a cave . 
 it very quickly revealed itself to be of manmade origin , well lit and , surprisingly , full of delicate computer instruments . 
 books lined the entirety of the cylindrical wall , except for the interruption of several monitor screens , which displayed satellite imagery . 
 kun walked to a section of the bookshelves , removed a thick , atlas sized specimen , and placed it on a large , polished stone reading table . 
 he opened it to a page and indicated a section with an outstretched finger . 
 boko found himself sitting , enthralled with the tale unfurling from the slashes and strokes of ink . 
 nearly two hours passed while boko 's head bobbed up and down , soaking in the full meaning and impact of a testimonial that was in direct opposition to everything that robert warden had ever told him . 
 he felt deflated , the blinding light of truth still sending an involuntary twitch through his again-fatigued frame . 
 the story was incredibly mind-boggling . 
 he could not deny its legitimacy , however . 
 all the salient facts lined up , but moreover , there were too many other pieces of evidence . 
 grandfather had piles of fragile photographs , firsthand testimony ... no one could possibly fabricate all of this . 
 beyond that , he wanted to have faith in the right cause this time . 
 in the distance , as if in accordance with the mood of the moment , temple bells sounded a call ... to battle , or to justice ? 
 he stood , feeling a renewed inner strength , as though he 'd been through a cleansing . 
 the perception of languor fell off him , discarded like an old skin . 
 grandfather kun was laboring over some sort of data input terminal , peering at the monitor while he worked . 
 boko saw the nimitz pop up on the screen , not failing to notice the significantly raised eyebrow cast in his direction . 
 `` is that what i think it is ? '' 
 a simple nod asserted that it was . 
 he walked over to the monitor and gazed at the terrible grace of the structure . 
 `` you will see , boko that you must help to break the circle of destruction that was begun so long ago . '' 
 `` how can i let go of the things i have been a part of ? 
 i 'm so afraid , grandfather , i 've been haunted by myself for too long . '' 
 `` perhaps my two students will be able to help you answer some of your questions . '' 
 before he could respond , the face of a young woman solidified out of a static-ridden connection . 
 she nodded deferentially to master kun , noting his company in the background of her screen . 
 `` i see he came around . 
 as you predicted . '' 
 there was an edge to her voice , though , as she looked boko over . 
 `` what have you , julieta ? 
 have you seen them yet ? '' 
 `` no . 
 unfortunately , we came aboard the station just as there was some sort of crisis going on . 
 it seems that one of your grandson 's associates killed herself . '' 
 `` the doctor ? 
 but she was supposed to ... . '' 
 all eyes turned to boko expectantly . 
 julieta 's face deepened into a frown . 
 `` this is going to complicate things . 
 not to mention the fact that wallace literally ran into the station 's executive officer . 
 i think they may try to bring us in for questioning . '' 
 she felt a growing sense of unease ... or maybe just indigestion . 
 `` you wish to lie low , is that it ? '' 
 `` i think for a day or so , we 'll try to blend into the scenery , yes . 
 i do n't want to be skulking around with their security battalion trailing behind us . 
 i 'll let you know as soon as we make contact . 
 welcome home , boko . '' 
 with that , she was gone , except for the faint impression of a smile . 
 it was strange to be amongst people who trusted one another . 
 `` how were you so certain i would come back ? '' 
 `` we share blood , young man , and that is all i ever need to have to hope . '' 
 with that , kun walked out into late afternoon 's sunlight , seeming to his grandson a great deal younger than he had remembered . 
 ۞the nimitz the next morning , maeve was at loose ends . 
 it was getting a little tiresome that the only question she seemed to have in her days was what to eat , and when to work out . 
 naturally , she was avoiding the elephant in the room , but there was no reason to turn around and face it . 
 facing it would mean having to look back at her own mistakes . 
 that and the circumstances that had led her , ultimately , to the nimitz . 
 what was it that was there , lingering in the dark corners of her mind ? 
 the blood , floating in the obsidian and amber of space had brought everything rushing back . 
 she 'd been successful in driving it back down , but it was getting more and more difficult to manage . 
 she looked over at the counter in her little kitchen . 
 partially empty bottles from the night before were neatly arranged against the wall . 
 why had they left it all with her ? 
 it was possible to ignore them , of course , but she did n't necessarily want to . 
 the problem was that she knew she ought to . 
 she 'd been down this road already . 
 that particular memory was right up front ; no hiding from it . 
 as she 'd been brought out of sleep , just being in the clinic had brought it back to the surface . 
 how many times had she cheated death ? 
 it was easy to lose count . 
 it had been alright the other night , she argued . 
 even though she 'd pretty much flung herself at someone , even though he 'd turned her down not once , but twice . 
 she walked over to the counter , staring at all the different shades of browns and reds . 
 why today ? 
 why not the night before last , when things were actually going wrong ? 
 delayed , it was delayed . 
 merlot was the color of blood . 
 and why had he turned her down ? 
 the major and the colonel . 
 they had a bromance . 
 who else was there to turn to ? 
 nobody . 
 just the little soldiers lined up against the wall . 
 they were quiet . 
 everyone had to be quiet . 
 wars did n't happen in your own country . 
 they happened to other places . 
 other people watched bombs and rifle fire from their windows . 
 other people lived with visions of humanity torn to pieces . 
 the bottles saluted , each in their own turn . 
 she set down a tumbler and poured for a very long time . 
 ۞ `` you know , i hated school the first time around . 
 i just really would rather not . '' 
 grace frowned at her fingernails . 
 antonio shrugged , knowing he 'd been on the unpopular side of opinion lately . 
 might as well run with it . 
 `` sorry . 
 it just seems like one of our few options right now . '' 
 he did n't mind the thought of being back in a university , actually . 
 `` i prefer the simple act of blowing stuff up . 
 how much school does that really take to carry over ? '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 let 's just forget any possible advances in technology . '' 
 `` i do n't have to make the stuff , i just make it go boom . '' 
 she mimed a detonation with her hands , and smiled at the logic of explosive agents . 
 `` i think we just ought to worry about our own selves for right now , and take whatever comes our way . '' 
 antonio could at least be relied on to take a pin to anyone 's inflated mood . 
 `` you mean ... split up ? '' 
 grace had let her hair go rampant of late . 
 she looked like a golden-haired moppet . 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 antonio got up , leaving the rest of them to sit and mull over his words . 
 they stared at one another . 
 grace , josh , jemi , and leif were playing cards at a table under a weeping willow . 
 they did n't like the reality , but it was possible that antonio was n't entirely wrong . 
 `` but ... . '' 
 jemi could n't even begin to formulate her thoughts . 
 `` what ? 
 how can we possibly sustain ourselves like this ? '' 
 leif shuffled his cards restlessly . 
 `` leif , man , you know i 'm open to new possibilities , but i think parting ways might be a premature leap . '' 
 josh was immune to the stress as usual . 
 he had better things to worry about . 
 `` we could be a carny act , ` world 's oldest people ' . '' 
 grace threw down a pair , trying to regain her sense of humor . 
 `` we have no more mission . 
 it 's pretty obvious that some of us are already moving on anyway . '' 
 leif avoided josh 's appraising look . 
 `` oh , ho , so that 's what this is about . 
 you are upset over this whole maeve thing with the station xo . '' 
 `` i ca n't sit around hoping she 'll see me any other way than she does . 
 she almost called me her brother last night . '' 
 `` so ? 
 do n't let your wounded ego get in the way of making good decisions . 
 we need to have each other 's backs for a while ... my two cents , anyway . '' 
 josh made a play with his own pair , earning a hearty curse from grace . 
 `` with inflation , his two cents is worth a lot more these days . '' 
 jemi poked leif pointedly . 
 he swatted her hand away . 
 conversation was interrupted by antonio walking back up . 
 he looked deeply thoughtful , and stood next to the table for several moments , saying nothing . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 josh was surveying the lie , looking for an easy victory . 
 maybe on the next play , he thought . 
 `` hmmm ? '' 
 antonio was still staring aimlessly into the distance . 
 `` you look like you have something on your mind . '' 
 leif did n't really care , but it seemed as though he 'd stand there until someone asked . 
 `` strangest thing . 
 still not sure i believe my eyes . '' 
 antonio smiled without mirth and shook his head . 
 `` would you mind sharing with the rest of us ? '' 
 josh was actually feeling a little annoyed by the performance . 
 antonio could get on the nerves after a while . 
 `` i think i just saw wallace . '' 
 they all fell silent . 
 ۞ she was n't sure why she 'd left her little apartment . 
 it was probably a bad idea . 
 not one of her better ideas , anyway . 
 things were hazy . 
 the actual memory of standing up and walking out the door was lost . 
 all she knew now was that she was in the middle of the commercial sector , surrounded by little shops and cafes . 
 how ... odd . 
 it had too much of the noise of things gone by . 
 everything else was gone and obliterated by the passage of time . 
 so much noise . 
 how was that possible in space ? 
 space was a vacuum that abhorred . 
 it should have turned her to dust as well . 
 she closed her eyes and put her hands over her ears . 
 only the sound of her breathing was left . 
 draw air in , let it out , in , out . 
 it seemed that hours were passing by the second as she stood there , until a firm hand on her arm stopped the clock . 
 `` maeve ? 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 trying to remember to breathe . '' 
 she did n't want to look at him . 
 `` have you been drinking ? '' 
 `` not that it 's really any of your business , major , but i think you know the answer to that question . '' 
 `` you 're right , it is n't my business , but you 're standing in the middle of a public place looking a little crazy . 
 it 's bound to draw attention sooner or later . '' 
 he was overwhelmed by feelings of concern and irritation . 
 she drew up close to him ; a little touch of anger overcame her . 
 `` what the hell do you care ? '' 
 her pain reached out and slapped him . 
 dmitry felt his surge of annoyance begin to draw heat . 
 `` i 'm beginning to ask myself the same thing . '' 
 he kept hold of her arm as she turned to leave . 
 `` leave me be , if you do n't care . '' 
 she pulled , trying to break free , but he was unyielding by then . 
 `` i ca n't do that . '' 
 `` what , as in your duties require it ? 
 do n't you feel the need to ask your commanding officer for permission first ? '' 
 she felt the bitter satisfaction of first blood . 
 `` i do n't know what it is you 're doing right now , but i 'm stopping you before you do something really stupid . '' 
 `` i do n't really know what i 'm doing either . 
 what is it you 're proposing , knocking me out or arresting me ? '' 
 he looked down at her hands ; they were balled into fists , and her expression was one degree off dangerous . 
 `` i 'll take you home . 
 you can sleep it off , how 's that ? '' 
 `` boring . '' 
 she waved a hand carelessly at him , heedless of the stares from passersby . 
 `` maeve , i 've been down this road before . 
 except i was standing where you are . 
 it ca n't end well like this . '' 
 `` i 've been there before , standing where i 'm standing . 
 fuck . '' 
 she ran her hands through her hair in anguish . 
 `` i do n't want to do this anymore . 
 it was just there ... i do n't know what i 'm supposed to be doing . '' 
 she was still fighting it down , whatever it was . 
 `` i 'll go ... back . '' 
 `` let me go with you . '' 
 he drew close , pleading in a voice that sounded wholly unfamiliar to his ears . 
 `` why ? 
 why ? 
 what are you going to do ? 
 save me ? '' 
 she looked at him with ragged emotion . 
 `` i told you . 
 someone did that for me . 
 maybe it 's time for me to repay that . '' 
 he held out a hand and waited . 
 ۞ `` where do you think you saw him ? '' 
 jemi watched her friends thoughtfully as she asked this question . 
 `` commerce . 
 near the entrance to a theater . '' 
 `` they told us he was n't in the container with us . 
 what is going on ? '' 
 she and grace exchanged equally anxious looks . 
 `` maybe they do n't know about him . '' 
 the card game was forgotten . 
 they were all watching leif , waiting to hear his reaction . 
 of them all , he was the only one who actually knew the history between maeve and fergus wallace . 
 the rest of them only knew that leif did not like wallace . 
 the extent to which he disliked the other man was notable , given leif 's typically dispassionate demeanor . 
 josh suspected there was jealousy in that dislike . 
 actually , it was more than just suspicion ; leif had confessed his feelings late one night , long ago . 
 it was why they 'd not asked any questions when they 'd come to and found wallace was not there . 
 less conflict , less stress ; no possibility of homicide . 
 `` i do n't know how he got here . 
 do n't care . '' 
 leif stood to leave . 
 `` where are you going , man ? '' 
 josh stood quickly after him . 
 `` to get to him before he gets to her . '' 
 there was no murder in his eyes , just turbulence . 
 leif was trying to resist the storm . 
 `` i 'll go with you . '' 
 josh moved swiftly , not wanting to be left behind . 
 ۞ `` i do n't know if i can be saved . '' 
 this was less self-pity than realism , at least in her mind . 
 dmitry knew what she was saying , though . 
 he 'd been there , ready to give up and jump off the bridge , literally . 
 it seemed like forever ago , that it had happened to someone else . 
 `` why do n't you stop fighting ? '' 
 he gently turned her back to face him , and closed the distance between them . 
 `` let me try ? '' 
 `` and what happens when you get tired of your experiment ? '' 
 she bit back harshly . 
 he frowned . 
 it was an odd choice of words ... . 
 `` one thing at a time . 
 who 's to say you wo n't get sick of me first ? '' 
 he tried to put on a good show . 
 she made a face . 
 `` i 'm a mess . '' 
 so was i , he thought . 
 it was almost involuntary how he reached up to touch her face . 
 he looked from the dark , hunted eyes , to the defiant chin that was still set to keep arguing with him . 
 after all the resisting he 'd done , it finally seemed like the moment had come , at least for one thing . 
 he leaned in and gently kissed her . 
 just for a second . 
 she was still drunk ; he could taste the maltiness of her breath . 
 `` one thing at a time . '' 
 ۞ wallace was put off . 
 or perhaps put out . 
 probably both . 
 he drew back behind the corner from which he 'd been observing . 
 there she was , only a couple of months out of stasis , already intimate with someone . 
 it bothered him that he was so obviously hung up over it . 
 he knew how long it had taken maeve to be intimate with him . 
 the guy she was with was familiar . 
 it took wallace a few minutes of hard thought to place him . 
 the context had to slide back into place . 
 that guy was the guy he 'd run into in the theater . 
 mrs. han had said he was the second in command for the nimitz . 
 great . 
 it did n't help that he was tall , athletic ... wallace supposed he was good-looking . 
 he grimaced as he replayed the kiss in his mind . 
 he 'd come to the station thinking that all he really needed from her was forgiveness . 
 now , he was not entirely sure what he wanted . 
 it was time to get back , though . 
 jules had this compulsion to grill him and follow his every move . 
 like she did n't trust him or something . 
 he retraced his route back to the theater , as he barely missed running into yet another hapless soul . 
 wallace brushed by the tall figure , oblivious to what the person even looked like . 
 this was not going to be as easy as he 'd thought . 
 ۞ leif turned and watched him walk away . 
 it was definitely wallace . 
 the question : how to handle this development ? 
 `` i 'd love to know how he came to be here . 
 it 's a little strange , do n't you think ? '' 
 josh had seen what wallace had been looking at . 
 he hoped it had escaped leif 's notice . 
 `` i 'm sure that once we get our hands on him , it 'll only be a matter of ... squeezing the story out of him . '' 
 ۞ after speaking with the harbormaster , antonio was led down the stacked rings of docks by a seaman , until arriving at one that held small , schooner-sized vessels . 
 he stared in awe at the slim and darkly metallic hulls , wondering why he had n't come to the lanes before . 
 it was amazing ! 
 thanking the young hand who 'd guided him , he waited until he was alone . 
 then , he began to carefully investigate the locks to the docking doors . 
 it was the same sort as the ones for the housing units . 
 it would n't take much to break down its algorithm ; he could be inside by tomorrow . 
 `` you look like a man with a plan . '' 
 antonio restrained himself from jumping nine feet into the air , slowly turning around to face the source of the voice . 
 `` colonel tarkington , sir . 
 did not expect to see you here . 
 i was just wandering the lanes , marveling at all the ships . '' 
 tark smiled at antonio , hoping he did n't look as crocodilian as he felt . 
 `` to include a careful investigation of the electronic locks ? 
 and in front of a dock that holds a ship we also have some interest in ? '' 
 the blonde man paled . 
 tark 's smile grew fractionally . 
 `` two people came in on that boat . 
 would you like to know what happened when we ran their photos through our computer ? '' 
 `` i have a feeling you 'll tell me anyway . '' 
 `` we got nothing . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` until someone expanded the parameters , and strangely , all the files from your vessel were included . 
 we got a result then . '' 
 `` sir , i know this looks funny , but if i 'm right , the people who came in on this ship are another piece of our puzzle . '' 
 `` i knew it . 
 you all do know what 's going on , do n't you ? 
 and be sure to include how it is that two of your shipmates magically appeared on board my base . '' 
 `` we do n't know how that happened . 
 i mean , it 's true that we all have our memories , except maeve , i guess . 
 but as to how we ended up where you found us ? 
 your guess is as good as mine . '' 
 antonio threw up his hands . 
 `` we 're as confused as you are about the other two . 
 we thought they were probably dead . '' 
 tark found himself trusting antonio , and asked him to tell all he knew . 
 the colonel listened while opening the lock to the docking door . 
 three-quarters of an hour later , tark knew as much as anyone could about the container , its occupants , and the nature of their mission . 
 it was supposed to have had practical application , at least how antonio explained it . 
 the ten of them had been chosen for many reasons . 
 intelligence , leadership , special skills , and finally , because they had no ties left . 
 in one way or another , they were all devoid of family , friends . 
 anything that would normally distract from duty was gone . 
 `` there you have it , sir , we were all orphans , loners , you know ? '' 
 `` what you 're trying to tell me is that nobody expected any of you to live ? '' 
 antonio laughed . 
 the colonel had hit something right on the head , while missing the point entirely . 
 it was too perfect . 
 `` oh , they expected us to live through the initial process . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 `` the plan was to place us , strategically , one might say . 
 then the timer would go off , ding , and we 'd wake up , and do our job . '' 
 `` what kind of job ? '' 
 `` the kind that nobody walks away from . '' 
 antonio was very matter of fact . 
 there was no point in sugar-coating it . 
 he knew that some of them had accepted the parameters of the mission . 
 others , like him , had chosen to believe that they could come through the other side . 
 the only problem had been getting rid of a leader with a death wish . 
 now , it did n't seem to matter . 
 she was her own problem . 
 `` the question remains , who were you working for ... and against ? '' 
 `` it was not the most stable period we 'd had in our history . 
 i mean , we had ... bad economy , really big divides in ideology ... after a while , there was a lot of domestic terror and ... well , stuff i never imagined seeing . '' 
 their conversation was brought short when antonio brought aloft , triumphantly , a handful of worn papers that appeared to have taken a vacation from their binding . 
 handwritten paragraphs crowded barely controlled doodling . 
 `` what are those , and why do you look so happy ? '' 
 `` these , sir , are from the journal of the young man to whom you referred , who might not be so young , come to think of it . 
 he is what polite society calls a thorn in our rear . 
 fergus wallace , and if you doubted his connection to us , only read . '' 
 tark took the pages , and did so , aloud . ' 
 at this place , in my memories , i can see her so well , and know that i betrayed everything that she was struggling for and away from . 
 in the evenings , when we would do her rounds , talking to the men , i could find in her eyes the light of so many stars . 
 she was perfect in her wanting of a just world , and in the way she loved me perfectly . 
 after that night , i saw her as a tree in winter , with all the things that should have been green cast down into death . 
 and then she was perfect in her grief , after she of her brother 's death . 
 she looked at me , through me , and i saw on myself the black robes , while she saw the blood of many . 
 it 's a fight every day to force myself into penance , and to ignore the callings of an easier way . 
 i know that i have to someday make amends , and restore the walls of the fortressed city i once inadvertently helped to rend asunder . ' 
 `` jeez , this guy needs to get out more . 
 he 's gone goopy in the head . 
 i presume he must be referring to maeve ... ? '' 
 antonio smiled grimly . 
 `` that is something i ca n't say i 'm an authority on . 
 i mean , i heard the rumors , but by that time , maeve was ... gone , and they 'd just thrown in wallace at a wholesale bargain . 
 his father bought him a slot , we were told . 
 maybe as punishment . '' 
 on that subject , antonio only had rumors . 
 the colonel thankfully ignored the last comment . 
 `` who was his father ? '' 
 tark shuffled through the smudged papers . 
 `` the secretary of defense . 
 from what i understand , fergus worked on maeve for months before she would even give him the time of day . '' 
 `` fascinating . 
 so , what did he do to her that was so horrible ? '' 
 tark looked over at antonio , who turned a bit red . 
 `` like i said , sir , you should probably ask someone else about these details . 
 i know next to nothing as to actual fact . '' 
 he coughed and directed his attention to the rest of the ship 's interior . 
 tark nodded . 
 he knew that leif would be a safe bet . 
 he seemed to have the protective instincts of someone who 'd spent considerable time with maeve . 
 tark kept the pages , slipping them into the leg pocket of his uniform trousers . 
 antonio felt more at ease . 
 perhaps leif had already found wallace , and pounded him into a jelly . 
 maybe they could put his lifeless head on a pike and throw rotten oranges at it . 
 well , it was a nice thought , anyway . 
 he left tark standing at a window , and made his way out of the lanes . 
 hopefully maeve had resurfaced , though he knew it would n't mean revelation time for her . 
 ۞ ۞ tark felt at odds with himself . 
 part of him wanted nothing more than to take care of these people , assimilate them into the station 's workings , and give them new lives . 
 realistically though , he knew it could n't last . 
 sooner or later , someone would notice , or one of his own people would let it slip . 
 now he had two other members of this strange little party , along with antonio 's unsettling tale . 
 he left the window that had held his dazed attention , and made his way to the commercial district . 
 once he got there , he 'd call sa’andy to have her meet him , and they could talk all this through . 
 that was if she 'd left her work yet . 
 she tended to get lost in it . 
 he wandered around the district , trying to smell everything , and figure out what he was in the mood for . 
 sa’andy had pulled the girl trick ; she did n't care , he could choose where they ate . 
 seafood ? 
 vegetarian ? 
 comfort ? 
 healthy ? 
 there were , as always , a few too many options . 
 nothing was piquing his interest just yet , so he started reading all the specials boards . 
 from the corner of his eye , he saw a familiar form walking by . 
 he turned his head , in time to see dmitry walking with maeve , in very close quarters . 
 tark frowned and took a step forward , only then seeing something that gave him pause . 
 he recognized the look on dmitry 's face , as well as the protective arm that was firmly around her waist . 
 it was the expression of a man wrestling with love . 
 `` bonswa , mes amis . '' 
 he shook his head in awe . 
 `` i will not forget that too soon . '' 
 he wondered whether this was because of the mysterious maeve , or whether dmitry had simply arrived . 
 `` what will you not forget , my love ? '' 
 sa’andy smiled at him from around his shoulder . 
 `` you will never believe it when i tell you . '' 
 ۞ wallace was lost , especially in the literal sense at this particular moment . 
 he had no clue where he was . 
 he had n't meant to get turned around , away from his duties , away from what mattered . 
 jules was going to kick him in the ass , if he ever found his way back . 
 fergus , you 're up shit creek , and you do n't even have a boat , let alone paddles . 
 wearily , he leaned against a wall , and soon found himself sitting . 
 there he sat with a glazed look about him until he focused on a pair of feet in front of him . 
 he did n't want to look up . 
 `` my night is made . 
 we 've been looking for you . '' 
 shit . 
 that maniac was the last person he 'd wanted to run into . 
 `` look , you scandinavian fruitcake , we 're all on the same side here . '' 
 `` relax , i 'm not going to kill you . 
 all i want to do is make life a little more ... painful . 
 trust me , you 'll get over it . '' 
 `` leif , can you back off a little ? '' 
 josh was clearly worried ; wallace shot him a look of relieved thanks . 
 `` if you want to hurt him , we ca n't do it out in public . '' 
 `` what the hell ! 
 ca n't you guys let go of anything ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 they were set to jackboot him back to someone 's quarters . 
 that would make things less conspicuous , at least . 
 `` well , boys , this was n't how i planned the reunion , but here we are . 
 can you drop him , please ? '' 
 they turned around as one . 
 `` jules ? 
 jeez , we did n't know you were here , too . 
 glad to see you ! '' 
 leif thumped her shoulder happily . 
 her expression remained unchanged . 
 `` you 're going to break him . '' 
 they looked at wallace . 
 leif shrugged noncommittally . 
 `` no big deal . 
 modern medicine is amazing these days . '' 
 `` i 'm asking nicely . 
 i like you guys . 
 always did . '' 
 julieta ramirez was not to be taken lightly . 
 she 'd been a brazilian jiu-jitsu and muay thai champ back when they 'd first met her . 
 one might imagine that she was still up to par on those skills . 
 that thought having resurfaced , they let go of wallace in unison . 
 `` thanks . 
 now , i 'd think you might like to hear what we 've been up to . '' 
 `` i do have one big question , well , okay , two questions , but i reserve the right to more . '' 
 josh held up two fingers , flicking a third up and down . 
 `` two years . '' 
 `` two ? 
 seriously ? '' 
 josh paced a bit , mulling this over . 
 `` the answer to your second question has a lot to do with our mission . '' 
 `` come on . 
 you ca n't expect us to believe that a three hundred year-old mission could possibly still be relevant . '' 
 leif gave a firm shove to wallace , hoping it would make him feel better . 
 `` i can and do . 
 if anything , it 's going to be harder than we originally thought it would be . 
 i mean , we 've been cooling our heels for two years , trying to make a plan . 
 we were trying to figure out how to come get you , but a bit of luck fell our way . '' 
 `` yeah , someone found us by accident . '' 
 `` it was n't any accident . 
 we just had somebody offer to make the ` discovery ' , as it were . '' 
 julieta let that sink in . 
 `` why do n't we go get with the others ? 
 i do n't want to tell this story two times . '' 
 ۞ `` you do n't have to stay . '' 
 she was clear-eyed , if not completely sober . 
 there was a challenge in her voice . 
 an hour and some food had made a difference . 
 dmitry had waited while she 'd showered , as his thoughts turned over and over . 
 `` that 's not the question for the moment . 
 it 's whether you want me here . '' 
 maeve could feel time slow for her consideration . 
 she looked at him , his blue eyes meeting hers with equal intensity . 
 for the first time she noticed that his hair was not completely brown , but more of a dark reddish brown . 
 it would probably show up more in his beard . 
 what would he look like with a beard ? 
 he was still waiting for an answer . 
 `` i 'd like it if you stayed . '' 
 her breath caught in her chest . 
 `` if you do n't have anything better to do . '' 
 `` do n't do that . '' 
 he sat up in the chair he been waiting in , his jaw set in a heated angle . 
 `` what ? '' 
 maeve 's eyes stayed on his face . 
 the trouble with military men was that they had to shave every day . 
 clearly , her thoughts were rapidly progressing past moderation . 
 `` go hot and cold . '' 
 he stood and walked over to her . 
 her hair was still wet ; the smell of whatever she 'd washed with lingered . 
 `` it drives me a little crazy . '' 
 `` you keep using that word . '' 
 `` you have a tendency to bring it to mind . 
 frequently . '' 
 how long ago had they met ? 
 he 'd lost track . 
 some moments it seemed like it had been ages . 
 then he 'd blink and realize how brief it had actually been . 
 but a month ? 
 that was the longest he 'd ever waited , was n't it ? 
 he was still hesitating on the edge of something ... what ? 
 `` i 'm sorry if i upset you . 
 earlier . '' 
 she seemed to know that he was at a tipping point . 
 `` i was n't upset . 
 i find myself more concerned about and for you than i had expected . '' 
 great , i sound like an idiot out of austen . 
 maeve raised an eyebrow . 
 `` still sounds like you think i 'm crazy . '' 
 `` crazy , no . 
 complicated ? '' 
 there was a palpable sense of temperature . 
 neither one of them dared move ; each willing the other to do so . 
 `` i can deal with that . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 `` indeed . '' 
 less than a foot of distance stood between them . 
 she held up a mug , `` coffee ? '' 
 `` screw coffee . 
 coffee can go to hell . '' 
 he closed the gap and picked her up off her feet . 
 ۞ `` you think he 's in love ? 
 really ? '' 
 sa’andy was slowly twirling some spaghetti squash around her plate . 
 tark had told her everything that had transpired over the past several hours . 
 she was a bit surprised that he 'd put so much together in so little time . 
 leaving aside the question of his best friend , she knew it was time to be honest with him . 
 she smiled , hoping that he would not be angry with her . 
 `` i can feel you growing stronger . 
 what conclusion have you arrived at ? '' 
 `` do you have to be so clinical sounding ? 
 they 're people , not ratifications of a treaty . '' 
 he pouted , staring at his goat cheese crostini . 
 had he ordered this ? 
 `` i 'm going to have to protect their interests no matter what happens . '' 
 she smiled , having goaded him into a discourse with his conscience , and he did n't even apparently realize it . 
 `` even if that eventually means the end of everything you 've worked for ? 
 even if it means you find yourself fighting a war ? '' 
 `` even when it means that all i have left is you , baby . 
 you 're the only thing i wo n't surrender . 
 what 's this talk about war , though ? '' 
 he did n't like it . 
 war was something he preferred to avoid at any cost . 
 not for the sake of cowardice , but that he knew what came with it . 
 `` never mind . 
 you 're sure ? '' 
 he nodded , his look of confidence her answer , and she knew that she could proceed . 
 `` then i have to tell you a few things . '' 
 ۞ it took a bit to catch back up with everyone else . 
 antonio had scarpered off to `` figure some stuff out '' . 
 jemi had been back in her room . 
 grace had been with some personnel she 'd met in the weapons section . 
 it seemed she was considering trying to go back into the service . 
 josh had to laugh at that . 
 for someone who did n't want to go back to school , she was happy to overlook that if it meant being able to handle large arms again . 
 boom . 
 it had been a semi-happy reunion . 
 everyone was pleased to see jules -lrb- jemi thought someone might be more than typically happy to see her -rrb- . 
 none of them seemed able to muster up the same enthusiasm for wallace . 
 `` i 'm not taking this personally , just so you know . '' 
 wallace had n't expected a warm welcome , but this was way worse . 
 `` well , you could . 
 because it is . '' 
 `` you know , josh , grace , we did n't really know each other . 
 jemi either , but she seems to be able to give me the benefit of the doubt . '' 
 he gestured over to the latter subject , who drew back and began to run her fingers through her curls . 
 she was still trying to get used to them . 
 she figured her head needed a rest after a couple hundred years in plaits . 
 `` um , well , i just do n't like saying mean things . '' 
 she kept her eyes on her hair . 
 wallace threw his hands up in the air and flopped down onto a couch . 
 `` great . '' 
 he waved to julieta . 
 `` you might as well get this show on the road . 
 we have a compressed timeline , as you keep reminding me . '' 
 `` timeline ? '' 
 `` yes , grace . 
 i mentioned to josh and leif , we uh , still have our original mission . '' 
 `` say what ? '' 
 ۞ it felt like they 'd fallen off the edge of forever . 
 maeve had lost all concept of time while dmitry held her , her toes just brushing the floor . 
 she fought down the turning of her brain to other ideas and tried to hold herself in the moment . 
 it was more than a simple kiss . 
 those were everyday . 
 even the kiss from when they 'd gone out that first night seemed trivial ; significant of nothing . 
 if they had gone their separate ways afterwards , neither of them would have thought twice about that kiss . 
 this was different . 
 this was the opening of a door . 
 an invitation to investigate from every angle . 
 a long pent-up shudder and sigh worked its way from deep within her body , escaping with force . 
 dmitry paused , drew back to look at her , held her more tightly . 
 `` what color are your eyes , anyway ? '' 
 he looked into them , and grinned at her in a way that stole the breath from her lips . 
 `` that 's what you 're going to ask ? '' 
 she tried to resist , but his gravity pulled at her relentlessly . 
 `` i already know where your bed is . '' 
 he clearly had a handle on roguishness . 
 she laughed quietly , and he realized he had n't heard that before . 
 `` you need to do that more often . '' 
 `` so do you . '' 
 she closed her eyes and rested her forehead against his , listening only to the sound of their breathing . 
 `` someone was knocking at the door earlier , were n't they ? '' 
 `` could n't have been too important . 
 they went away . '' 
 he resumed his investigating . 
 ۞ `` let me think about this . 
 it 's a lot to consider . '' 
 `` i realize that this comes as a shock , most likely , but i 've waited as long as i could . 
 i feel very strongly about it . '' 
 `` i can tell . 
 give me a minute . '' 
 `` jorge , just be honest with me . '' 
 tark knelt next to the bed where sa’andy still sat , taking her hands , gazing pointedly into her depthless black pools . 
 she was very cute , looking as though she was waiting for something bad to suddenly happen . 
 `` i need to digest the fact that you 've beaten me to the punch . 
 no worries , see ? 
 i want to spend the rest of my life by your side . 
 i 'm not sure you realize that traditionally , i 'd be the one asking you . '' 
 `` earth has many odd customs , not least of which are your marriage traditions . 
 why should it matter who asks whom ? '' 
 `` it 's ... oh , never mind . 
 you 're right . '' 
 he thought of a certain ring , one made from ethiopian opal set in black gold . 
 he 'd been ` thinking it over ' for nearly a year , and now ... it seemed like an irrelevant notion . 
 perhaps it would be better for the wedding , anyway . 
 `` what was the other thing you wanted to talk about ? '' 
 sa’andy grimaced . 
 this was what had caused her to blurt out her proposal ; fear of the unknown . 
 she wondered how he would react to her confession . 
 breathing in deeply , she tried madly to sort out how to say it , and let it come out in one big rush . 
 tark sat quietly for a few minutes . 
 part of him wanted to laugh aloud , while the rest of him sat in dazed bewilderment . 
 sa’andy had always seemed so straightforward and uncomplicated . 
 instead , she was turning out to be nothing short of a spook . 
 `` are you a spy , then ? '' 
 she laughed at him , not without a touch of unease . 
 `` not a spy . 
 at least , i do n't think so . 
 i was asked to help , so i did . '' 
 `` dare i ask who approached you ? '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea yet . 
 i 'm sure they 'll come to you before long . '' 
 he was at a loss for words again . 
 she had kept secrets from him . 
 even now , she was keeping a secret . 
 the question was what he would do now . 
 his random coincidence , finding six frozen people in the middle of nowhere in space ? 
 sa’andy had known all along why she was volunteering to scan and catalog jupiter . 
 she 'd just needed the excuse to go looking . 
 but why ? 
 why bother waking these people up ? 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` there 's not a quick answer . 
 i do n't know all the details anyway . '' 
 `` i 've got to know some of it , if i 'm going to make a decision . 
 life around here may get a little crazy during the next week or so , and i need to be able to be ready for it . '' 
 `` i know . 
 we 're not talking about the end of the storm season though , are we ? '' 
 his forced smile answered for him . 
 `` they have a task ahead of them . 
 it will be dangerous , but they are the only ones who can accomplish it . '' 
 she wanted to tell him the rest , but she 'd been compelled to remain silent . 
 it was essential that he remain ignorant of certain things for now . 
 they had promised he would be briefed fully when the time came . 
 until then , he could not know that these people were the only ones ... because they did not exist . 
 because they all contained the essential part of their conditioning and training . 
 sa’andy had asked her handler whether there was a trigger . 
 would they simply begin their mission once a signal or cue was given ? 
 but she was not authorized to have that answer . 
 that alone was enough to convince her not to tell tark everything . 
 perhaps these people were simply time bombs . 
 she did not want to think of them that way , but it was already in her mind . 
 she could spare tark that doubt for now . 
 she smiled at him , hoping that he trusted her enough to let it lie for now . 
 `` well , we should make the most of our fleeting free time , then . '' 
 no words exchanged . 
 just the quickening of heartbeats , and a mutual need for each other . 
 it was love born of certainty , and had been from the first . 
 instinct drove them together , rather than apart . 
 ۞ the stranger slept as he usually did , half-awake , reviewing the day 's events while his body recharged . 
 knowing a great many more things than he had at the beginning of his stay , his rest was calm . 
 most of these details had been gleaned within the past twenty-four hours or so . 
 he 'd seen several of those walking meatsicles , and knew with whom he wanted to start . 
 it would be the beginning of the solution to the problem of their existence . 
 heat of divine inspiration blossomed in his mind , as it was flooded with plans and the promise of blood . 
 the mission was to go forth and bend the arms of justice with his righteousness . 
 purity would be restored because of these steps , the first of many in the coming days . 
 should be careful about getting ahead of oneself , he thought . 
 overconfidence tended to bring down hubris and wrath . 
 then progress would come to a dead halt . 
 emphasis on the dead . 
 all in good time , that was his motto , patience was the key to success . 
 in the meantime , there were other women . 
 that thought in mind , he rousted himself from his short nap , and ambled out in search of a date . 
 hopefully someone appropriate . 
 he could buy her dinner , and laugh or frown at the right moments while she talked . 
 during this time , he would really thinking about the power he would exercise , just out of the realm of her perception . 
 oh , he was n't a god . 
 that job was better left to the man who had sent him here . 
 he was the type of monster who enjoyed bringing to life the chaos that robert warden envisioned . 
 an artist with appalling talent , he would carefully exact the tempests of his master , precision all that mattered . 
 like a destroying angel , a nephilim , with outward beauty and only decay within . 
 the ship he 'd arrived on had already departed , naturally . 
 he had a whole replacement host of unsuspecting cherubs , nymphs , and seraphim . 
 so many assorted hues and textures , all living on board this military base and civilian city . 
 so many possibilities in tastes and turn-ons . 
 who knew where the night could take him ? 
 at last , an object of his usual desires crossed right in front of him . 
 she saw him check her out , blushing just enough to tease his sensibilities . 
 just his type too ; long blonde hair , modestly endowed , excellent taste in clothing . 
 someone you 'd bring home to mother , except , well , his mother was dead . 
 just the same , he knew she 'd have approved . 
 like the last two , but now he knew he 'd have to proceed with discretion , and not have this one discovered the way the last one had been . 
 he 'd been skillful with the one after that . 
 he could n't afford to get lazy and careless now . 
 if there was nothing to be found , there was no trail to lead back to him . 
 he approached her with his usual disarming smile lighting up blue-grey eyes and perfectly white , straight teeth . 
 `` are you waiting for somebody ? 
 no ? 
 do you mind if i join you ? '' 
 ۞ it was deep into the night when tark dragged himself from bed , leaving behind the enigmatically smiling woman who would soon be his wife . 
 he did n't really want to be up , or do any of the work he 'd set himself up for , but being in his office at this hour ensured quiet and privacy . 
 no prying eyes to tell tales . 
 the officer of the day probably would n't make much of an appearance , and the couple of people watching sensors or comm would ignore him . 
 he wanted to make a call back earthside on a secure channel . 
 it would take a little bit of finagling , breaking of protocols , but he had to try to get some information . 
 he tiptoed around , getting dressed . 
 the frogs watched him carefully , hoping that it was mealtime . 
 they were to be disappointed . 
 the distraction of purpose sent him out the door without even a glance in their direction . 
 a toe ached from where he 'd stubbed it fumbling around in the dark . 
 sa’andy had n't stirred . 
 maybe all that stuff she 'd gotten off her chest had freed her up to sleep completely for once . 
 a few minutes later , he had slipped into his office , and was bypassing security to obtain an outside connection . 
 it was an older method of communication , without the nice hi-res of current visuals , but it would do . 
 hopefully , he 'd get through . 
 `` jorge ? 
 is that you ? '' 
 an older woman came into view , her silvery hair wound tightly up into a regulation bun . 
 even with a terrible connection , he could see her dark eyes twinkling . 
 she was pleased to hear from him . 
 `` ma’am . 
 sorry to contact you on the low band . '' 
 why did he always felt like a schoolboy in her presence ? 
 `` i would imagine that there is good reason . '' 
 she resonated with the dignity and authority she 'd been practicing for some thirty years . 
 `` i ... need to know some things . '' 
 he gave as detailed an account as he could , given his own role in the hiding of all this information from official record . 
 `` general , you know i would n't call you unless i could n't get what i needed some other way . '' 
 the older woman was silent for several moments , her dark eyes closing in consideration . 
 he had already asked a great deal . 
 but he was kin , after all . 
 ۞ `` i realize that it 's probably been a while ... . '' 
 `` you could probably stop talking . '' 
 `` i like a little banter , do n't you ? '' 
 `` maybe next time . '' 
 she pulled him back close . 
 `` are you having second thoughts ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 in reality , the moment was so powerful , he felt strangely inebriated . 
 the way she watched him overwhelmed his senses and thoughts . 
 it was n't merely a physical attraction . 
 he 'd had plenty of experience with that . 
 it had always proved to be temporary and disposable . 
 this was different . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're doing to me . '' 
 he still could n't figure out what color her eyes were . 
 `` the feeling is mutual . '' 
 she put a wondering hand up to his cheek , as if to punctuate the thought . 
 they had made it halfway across the small living room in a circuitous manner . 
 her heart felt excruciatingly tight . 
 `` i 'm going to complicate the hell out of you . '' 
 `` i do n't care . '' 
 he carefully worked off the shirt she 'd put on , the dampness of her skin hanging onto it reluctantly . 
 his hands moved from her neck , down her arms , finally resting on her hips . 
 briefly , he noted the jagged scar that ran from her hipbone to her navel . 
 she seemed to sense it , and tried to cover herself . 
 angry tears rose , but did not fall . 
 he kissed them away , taking hold of her hands . 
 `` i know what i said before ... . '' 
 `` i trust you . '' 
 she laughed dryly . 
 `` i just do n't trust me . '' 
 he ignored the bait , not wanting to lose the moment , and pulled off his own shirt . 
 placing her hand over a scar on his chest , the one that had almost taken him into the next world , he smiled at her shock . 
 `` i told you . 
 we all end up in the dark at one point or another . 
 it just seems like we 're alone , because we ca n't see past ourselves . '' 
 he held her hand on his chest and let his body take the lead . 
 the floor was as good as anywhere . 
 they moved together as if half-starved , each trying to fill a vast emptiness . 
 ۞ `` well , i am your mârraine , jorge . 
 and you never ask for anything . '' 
 `` can you help ? '' 
 `` i will see , jenn jan. . 
 this is a strange story indeed , one i have never heard before . '' 
 his godmother pursed her lips at him . 
 `` you are looking thin , is not that girl of yours feeding you ? '' 
 `` yes , ma’am , she is . 
 and i know it 's a crazy story . 
 if i was n't here , living it , i would never believe it . '' 
 `` hmph . 
 that is how we may know its truth , perhaps . 
 it will take me some time to ask questions without stirring up the bees , you know this . '' 
 `` i do . 
 since we do n't know what we 'd be stirring up , i have to assume it would be bad . 
 sa’andy said that whatever these people have to do , that it would be dangerous . '' 
 `` but she wo n't tell you any more ? '' 
 `` i do n't know that she can . 
 she 's not telling me everything , that 's for sure , but i do n't think she 's on the wrong side of this . '' 
 `` and you , what happens if she is ? 
 can you make the right decision then ? '' 
 `` i 'll have to let dmitry take the lead on that , i guess . '' 
 `` il est vraiment bête . 
 do n't trust him to do what you can not . '' 
 `` i trust him with my life . '' 
 `` well , be ready with a shovel for him to dig you a hole . '' 
 the general was not one to forgive bad judgment yet , clearly . 
 `` passer l'éponge , madame . 
 he 's certainly paid for his mistakes to my mind . '' 
 `` as you say . 
 let us hope , anyway . '' 
 she made her farewells and signed off , promising to let him know anything that came to her attention . 
 tark wondered how she would have reacted to the idea of dmitry in love again . 
 it was probably better if that news was kept quiet for now . 
 rebecca was not that distant a memory to some people . 
 ۞ the girl he 'd brought back was not what he 'd been hoping for . 
 she 'd deliberately ditched her friends , he saw now , telling them exactly who she was going after . 
 it would n't work for him to do anything . 
 utterly ignorant , she 'd foiled him without even knowing it . 
 luckily for the young woman , he was a creature of some small restraint , and though his disappointment was barely palpable , she read it . 
 `` your loss . '' 
 and she was gone , forgetting him as quickly her last drink . 
 he shrugged off the loss , refocused , searching and scanning until he found something new . 
 more and more ships were arriving every day , filling the station back up to capacity . 
 distraction would not be long off . 
 he still had his job to do , the little voice of remonstrance said to him . 
 ah , that would be the perfect outlet after a frustrating evening . 
 responsibility in favor of frivolity . 
 he , the man of shadow and sorrow , slouched back into the throngs . 
 ۞ they finally fell asleep , far too late to be of much use the next day . 
 saturday was the smiling balm to that difficulty . 
 it did n't stop dmitry from waking half a dozen times , fearing he was late for duty . 
 between that and a dream of tark punching him in the throat , it was n't a particularly restful sleep . 
 maeve seemed not to have any trouble in that area right then . 
 she 'd said she was prone to waking frequently . 
 that sleep itself was not something she enjoyed anymore . 
 he could n't blame her . 
 it probably felt like she would n't come back one of these nights . 
 over two hundred years of being comatose , its effects were n't cumulative . 
 her body still needed rest , in spite of not wanting it . 
 he looked over at her . 
 she was in oblivion , hugging a pillow tightly . 
 her skin shone in the dim glow of the dying candle they 'd lit hours before . 
 they had progressed from the living room into the bedroom , taking their time . 
 neither of them had wanted to come to a finish . 
 dmitry was surprised to find he had n't cared about the end result at all . 
 suddenly , he saw rebecca for the first time in six years , as a ghost walking into the distance . 
 she was bleeding away . 
 he almost tried to cling to her , to grieve a bit longer , knowing at the same time that she needed to leave . 
 it was time for peace , for both of them . 
 he blinked and she was gone . 
 he looked at this new face , which had erased the old . 
 this newness was a blank canvas , upon which his fingers drew new forms , delving into her . 
 they had turned in a new universe . 
 maeve hung from its edge , dangling uncertainly until he brought her back . 
 she opened her eyes , to see with fresh vision , how light and color had changed themselves . 
 and she watched . 
 he found her wrists , blindly gripping them , urging himself into the unknown . 
 maeve wanted to let go . 
 she felt the difference in the way dmitry touched her , knowing she had n't been touched that way before . 
 before was about being pulled along , being demanded upon , it was still steeped in loss and inequity . 
 this was about being carried . 
 it felt as though his hands could hold her together and keep her from flying into a million pieces . 
 she shivered , and he drew closer , warming her with his lips . 
 they threw themselves from the edge of their cosmos together , twisting , burning , and exhaling ; twin stars coming into being . 
 he felt as though he 'd known her for all those hundreds of years , while she 'd slept . 
 as though he had been with her in the darkness . 
 she had tasted that darkness far too frequently . 
 she had fallen off the wall , with far too many bits of broken shell scattered around . 
 how long had she been gluing herself back together ? 
 forever , in the dark . 
 this man , though , he had a torchlight , and a map . 
 he was leading her out . 
 into what or where , she did not yet know . 
 perhaps the time had come to stop worrying and be led to safety . 
 ۞earthside -- the med . 
 `` ah , there you are finally , boko . 
 what did you do , leave the country for the weekend ? '' 
 `` yes , mr. warden . 
 i apologize for being absent . 
 did you need me for anything ? '' 
 `` no apology necessary ! 
 i 'm merely jealous when anybody else gets away from it all and leaves me behind . 
 anywhere interesting ? '' 
 warden was half-heartedly reading through his daily correspondence . 
 boko was prepared to lie ; his grandfather had paid for an alibi thousands of miles away from where he 'd actually been . 
 `` pattaya . '' 
 `` oh-ho , why did n't you say you needed a little r&r ? 
 i would have given you more time off , cowboy . 
 you did n't happen to see a little stripper by the name of bai , did you ? 
 what fast fingers that girl had ; she 'd rob you blind and leave you limp , languishing in the thai heat . 
 but that was years ago . 
 she 'd probably be at least twenty-two by now . '' 
 warden did n't bother to notice whether boko gave a damn about his anecdote . 
 boko was in the midst of trying not to calculate the age that the stripper might have been whenever warden had been with her . 
 his shoulders strained against a shudder of disgust . 
 `` you see boko , the reason you 're able to go and get your rocks off in places like pattaya still is because of us . 
 that 's only the tip of the iceberg . 
 we keep things in balance . 
 do n't forget it . '' 
 warden smiled and smacked boko happily on the cheek several times . 
 boko breathed heavily , weighing the possibility of what would happen to him if warden ever found out where he 'd really been . 
 `` have we gotten anywhere with the situation that was developing ? '' 
 he busied himself with warden 's agenda for the day . 
 `` the good doctor saved us some money and dealt with herself . 
 i mean , really , wanting to inform news agencies , and publish a paper on the whole thing ! 
 it 's just as well she ` s gone . '' 
 warden paused to smell the cigar that he was rolling between a thumb and forefinger . 
 it was the only thing he could do with it , anymore . 
 `` as for the others , well , we 're taking our time to assure complete success . 
 it 's my suspicion that there are planetside connections that have n't been fully discovered . 
 but when i do ... . '' 
 he crushed the cigar with one swift squeeze , and let it fall to the ground , scattering a cloud of tiny fragments at his feet . 
 `` let us say that i am like a cobra on the hunt . '' 
 warden stared at the debris on the ground with a mixture of satisfaction and dismay . 
 then , he walked off the terrace , into his offices , just as if he were any other normal man . 
 `` the cobra does battle with the mongoose , and dies because he does not believe he can be defeated . '' 
 boko whispered this to himself , wishing that he had n't had to return to this particular cobra 's den . 
 grandfather had been firm about completing the circle , though . 
 only a few more weeks and then the whole thing would come to a crashing halt , if all went to plan . 
 boko only hoped that he 'd be able to get clear before all hell broke loose . 
 ۞ jemi had withdrawn from the others . 
 she was hiding out in a massive library , which sprawled over two acres of levels . 
 it was open-air , with climate controlled glass cabinets to protect the books , some of which were centuries old . 
 she was curled up in a corner sofa , poring over history books , trying to understand the past , which she had once thought of as the future . 
 birds sang just outside , just loudly enough to conceal the whisper of soft movement nearby . 
 she did n't hear anything , engrossed as she was in the development of environmental legislation in the latter half of the twenty-first century . 
 she was cursing aloud over a notation concerning test drilling in alaska when a hand clamped over her mouth . 
 she fought the urge to panic , and merely bit down hard onto a couple of fingers . 
 she heard a familiar yelp , sighed , then turned around to find josh nursing his hand . 
 he tried his best to give her a baleful glare . 
 it was difficult , given the rather foolish expression that was competing with it . 
 `` ca n't you take a joke ? 
 that was my friggin ' trigger finger , dammit ! 
 they did n't train you to do that in the language institute , did they ? '' 
 `` for a recon dude , you sure seem to have a low threshold for pain . 
 kind of like a little baby . '' 
 `` you 're lucky we 're in a library . 
 i 'd hate for you to scream and scare all the peaceful bibliophiles . '' 
 jemi got a chill up her spine , even though josh was visibly joking again . 
 she was aware of his abilities , just as he was obviously aware of hers . 
 she remembered when they 'd first met , at the listening post that had been remade into a `` training facility '' . 
 she 'd seen the unease in his demeanor , the look of a caged animal , trapped inside the frigid confines of their temporary home . 
 he 'd already been friends with leif by that time , the two of them spending hours with their heads close together , speaking in low tones . 
 it had been as though they recognized , each within the other , a common language . 
 she was an excellent translator . 
 leif had been there first . 
 then maeve . 
 he 'd watched over her zealously . 
 it was apparent that he 'd needed help , or respite , or just someone to keep him grounded in reality . 
 that was josh 's job . 
 they 'd covered her with blankets when it got too cold inside their barracks , brought her meals , and read to her . 
 at first , they 'd all believed that she was in a catatonia , until it became apparent that she was only active by night . 
 those were the hours during which she apparently saw to herself . 
 they knew that by the damp towels and other debris , left in tidy heaps for them to find . 
 jemi could not remember a single occasion on which maeve had ever spoken . 
 the first time she 'd heard the other woman 's voice had only been a couple months ago . 
 `` is she going to be okay ? '' 
 jemi did n't have to say who she was . 
 josh seemed to be weighing the question carefully . 
 `` do n't know . '' 
 `` we 're going to bring her in soon , though , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i think we 're just going to get all the details fine tuned first . '' 
 `` you think she ca n't do it . '' 
 `` i do n't think that , exactly . 
 i mean , she was selected , and then all hell broke loose , and , well , you remember . '' 
 no , they did n't . 
 not in the sense that they 'd been there . 
 not like leif , who could n't get away from it . 
 he 'd picked her up , and tried to put her back together , now so long ago . 
 his greatest sorrow lay in knowing that he 'd failed . 
 ۞ saturdays still felt calmer . 
 the streets were crowded with off-duty personnel , the restaurants were full , but everyone was relaxed . 
 the stranger was still among them , observing and adjusting small details in his plan . 
 he would begin soon , cutting off the head of the beast ; the rest of the body would die soon after . 
 it was necessary to plot out his movements accordingly . 
 once initiated , he would not be able to turn back , nor would his actions go unnoticed for long . 
 a route must be chosen . 
 it was all too obvious where that fool of a commanding officer had put them . 
 the stranger could smell his prey , down in the hushed and empty catacombs of temporary housing . 
 they had all left trails of breadcrumbs , but he was only interested in one , for now . 
 he would wait . 
 he would strike , and wait again , to see how they scattered into the wind . 
 no , not wind , he mused . 
 there was no wind here . 
 ۞ it was raining in the arboretum . 
 maeve watched as people laughingly dashed into the downpour . 
 she supposed it was such a novelty as to seem enjoyable . 
 weather without the unpredictability . 
 it was hard to tell whether the water came from sprinklers , or if it was so humid in that area that it naturally occurred . 
 confusing the issue even further , rumbles of thunder traveled along the seemingly endless expanse of trees and underbrush . 
 she had to give them credit . 
 they had everything packaged up neatly and presented to those who lived here . 
 a town , athletic facilities , shopping , arts , museums ... she 'd even seen wave pools , a water park , and indoor skiing . 
 colonel tarkington had said that the nimitz was one of the smaller stations . 
 it hardly seemed comprehensible . 
 saturday was , thankfully , still a day of rest . 
 dmitry had gone back to his place to sleep , he 'd said . 
 she was n't sure if she believed him , but he 'd said he would be back by evening . 
 it was time to make use of the shops . 
 she had an urge to be a bit domestic , and scoured the farmer 's market for ingredients . 
 chile peppers , beef , bacon ... mmm , bacon . 
 cilantro , garlic , fresh tortillas . 
 she was already hungry , and it would n't be ready for a couple of hours . 
 she got a bag of kale chips to stave off starvation . 
 and some chocolate . 
 olives were good-looking too . 
 and the asteroid-aged cheddar -lrb- asteroid-aged ? 
 really ? 
 fads these days . -rrb- . 
 her bag was getting heavy . 
 but there was a bottle of pinot noir winking at her too . 
 aaaand a spiced-lavender sponge cake with orange glaze . 
 okay , time to run the hell away . 
 she carried the bottle of wine under her arm , knowing dmitry would frown at it . 
 it was worth noting that she did n't feel quite the same way she had the day before . 
 clarity was beginning to filter through . 
 she had a mental image of scraping black paint from a window , while sunlight peeked in . 
 it had occurred to her during the day that she was making everything much harder on herself than it had to actually be . 
 the only trouble was , she did n't know how to let go . 
 how to start over was the big hurdle . 
 being alone was the enemy at the moment , that much was clear . 
 she did n't let herself think about what might happen if or when dmitry might move on . 
 or if she did . 
 a fleeting sense of lightness buoyed her as she skipped down a long staircase to the temporary housing . 
 she 'd taken the stairs in favor of the lift , still feeling strong from several rounds of kettlebells , wall balls , and muscle-ups earlier . 
 she walked into her rooms , set the food in the kitchen , and let the bottle land with a solid thunk of glass against hard wood . 
 not bothering to turn on the lights , she kicked off her shoes and padded around barefoot . 
 she thought about showering , or at least changing clothes . 
 wondering what dmitry was up to , she had a debate with herself on whether to call or no ... but she stopped midthought . 
 something else was breaking into her consciousness . 
 she 'd heard the sound of only one shoe hitting the wall . 
 both shoes had gotten tossed the same direction , but only one had made noise . 
 she turned to start back and switch on a light when she found herself flying into the opposite wall . 
 a man , about her height , medium frame , had tackled her into a stretch of built-in shelves where she had begun accumulating history books . 
 one of them , the rise of decadence , fell into her face as she struggled to catch her breath . 
 it was such a moment of unreal shock that she actually lay there momentarily wondering if she 'd read it yet . 
 it only took a few more moments to become aware that she still could n't breathe . 
 her attacker had placed his hand on her neck and was squeezing , like a boa constrictor . 
 he had a hold of her trachea , as though he was aiming to rip it from her body . 
 the instinct to struggle was strong , but she fought through the confused pain to think clearly . 
 she did not try to pry his grip from her throat . 
 instead , she hammered a palm to one side of his head , and proceeded to secure a firm lock on his ear . 
 she gripped it firmly , not incredibly hard , but hard enough to tear the ear halfway from his head before he howled and released her . 
 he stumbled backward onto his knees , holding the side of his head . 
 she quickly tucked up her legs between them , and put all her surging adrenaline behind launching the intruder back across the room . 
 he landed several feet away , and sat in stunned silence . 
 maeve could n't make out his face clearly , but she could see the glow of rage , and feel the rumbling of the monster within from across the distance between them . 
 the threat was hers alone to confront . 
 dmitry was n't due to arrive for at least half an hour , maybe more . 
 next door was empty , and the other direction was storage space . 
 the great black beyond . 
 the man spoke to her in a harsh whisper . 
 `` that was n't a good thing to do . 
 i was willing to let you die painlessly , but now ... you bleed . '' 
 `` i think i got first . 
 we 'll see who gets last . '' 
 she knew she 'd have to rally every ounce of energy to make it through the next few minutes . 
 she knew this song all too well . 
 as before , she had to dance , or turn to meet death . 
 the stranger felt blood from his ear trickle down his neck . 
 nobody had ever managed to get to him before . 
 it was a new , infuriating experience , and he had to put in effort to think past the raw pain . 
 he launched himself again at her , this time without the leg sweep that had felled her before . 
 this time was to break her . 
 he listened for the crunch from her ribcage , disappointed that there was n't the full crack of a rib popping in half . 
 the hesitation cost him leverage , she made a half turn and grabbed his leg , yanking hard enough to knock him down . 
 while he was still down , she dropped her knee in his abdomen , using her leg to hold off his , while grabbing his shirt collar . 
 she held his head a few inches above the floor and slammed her fist onto his face , allowing the impact to bounce his skull off the flagstones beneath . 
 the only gamble there was that both his arms were free , and he was n't insensible enough to forget that . 
 he made a roll to his left and straight-armed her off into a side table . 
 a bonsai crashed near her head , scattering dirt and miniature tree branches . 
 he stood , lifting the table as he went , while she sought out a shard from the bonsai 's glass dish . 
 she had to find a sharp piece before the heavy wooden table slammed down and finished her fight . 
 a sting from her index finger told her that she had found what she was looking for , and she slashed it out behind his leg even while the table was moving toward her . 
 it clattered impotently to the floor ; he fell beside it onto one leg , bleeding from the wound she 'd just inflicted . 
 he knew there must be a severed tendon behind his knee . 
 he moved quickly to stanch the flow of blood with a chunk of his shirt . 
 he did n't want to leave behind too much of himself , even though no one would ever know whose dna they had collected . 
 there was no record of his existence anywhere . 
 he smiled . 
 maeve struggled to her feet , feeling the fire in her lungs as a signal that he 'd probably managed to at least bruise a few ribs . 
 it hurt to swallow , and her left arm was numb . 
 she looked around for something else to fight back with , knowing that she 'd looked away from him for too long . 
 momentarily , she heard the swish of something moving toward her , long enough only to anticipate the blow . 
 it came directly to her thigh , rendering her leg useless , as the force it reeled her around to face him . 
 he had a collapsible baton in his hand . 
 her legs gave out . 
 the sofa caught her in a crouching position , and she knew that she could n't stop the next blow . 
 the impact fell directly in the curve between her shoulder and neck . 
 her vision went white for a moment . 
 she could n't tell whether her collarbone was broken or not . 
 the next blow was halted midair by the sound of the intercom ringing impatiently . 
 the man froze , waiting to hear what came next , while the answering service picked up . 
 it was dem 's voice . 
 `` maeve , are you there ? 
 shit , i hate leaving messages . 
 i 'm on my way right now . 
 i 'll be there in less than a minute , so i hope you 're there , waiting . '' 
 maeve locked eyes with the monster in the dark ; he snarled and rushed at her . 
 the baton was across her throat . 
 her brain , losing oxygen , tried to flit off into fanciful thoughts . 
 it was a terrible effort to stay present . 
 it would be easier simply to drift away . 
 what was worth fighting for , anyway ? 
 the intercom went off again . 
 dmitry . 
 he had just stopped to get a couple of things . 
 be there soon . 
 soon was n't enough . 
 she had to hold onto a rapidly crumbling precipice . 
 it did not seem possible that this man could still be at her with such strength . 
 think . 
 remember . 
 she mustered up what reserves she had , and slipped her left arm up through his . 
 immediately , she cocked her arm to just past ninety degrees , and swung her elbow up as hard as she could . 
 he lost his grip on the baton momentarily , swearing as bone connected with his nose and eye socket . 
 during that short distraction , she snatched it from him and tossed it away . 
 air flooded back in , clearing her head . 
 pain radiated from every corner of her body , but pain kept you awake . 
 pain meant you were alive . 
 she struggled to lift her right arm . 
 not an easy task , but she boxed his torn ear again as hard as she could . 
 he let out a dull roar , knowing he had to end this . 
 it had to be finished . 
 this ridiculous battle could not continue ; nor could he leave the task undone . 
 he knew the price that would come with failure . 
 `` i have last . '' 
 she could not see what he had in his hand , but knew immediately once she felt the sudden blossoming of fire in her chest . 
 her fingers searched , finding the handle of the blade that was deep into her left side , between ribs and who knew what else . 
 she was slipping , down , into nothingness . 
 the stranger stood , looking down to make certain of his handiwork . 
 she no longer moved ; she only bled . 
 the rush of adrenaline that he would normally enjoy at the end of a kill ... did not come . 
 perhaps it was asking too much . 
 this was a two for one night , after all . 
 he 'd only come here to start the process , to find this one . 
 to his surprise , one of the others had already been here , waiting to talk to her . 
 he went into the bedroom , knowing he only had another moment or two to linger . 
 it was a job well done . 
 of the evening 's first act , he ventured to think that there was more than his usual poetry . 
 a brush of fingers on the wall turned the bedside lights on , revealing another woman . 
 she was beginning to be cool to the touch . 
 the dark cascade of her hair spilled across the bedspread , like black water . 
 this one had not needed to bleed , however . 
 she had complied . 
 not a whimper , not a prayer , just total submission . 
 he smiled , turning to leave . 
 the lights stayed on . 
 ۞ dmitry walked down the wide staircase leading from the commercial sector to the temporary housing . 
 he could smell something that reminded him of maeve . 
 herbs and ... oranges . 
 a smile came to his lips unwonted . 
 it was such a strange sensation , to have something other than work occupying his thoughts . 
 well , work or his typical diversions , anyway . 
 the crowds had thinned out completely by the time he had gone down two flights . 
 it did n't prevent someone from walking into him . 
 he stumbled to the side a bit , and had to push back in order to avoid falling upstairs . 
 angrily , he turned to deliver invective , but the other person had vanished . 
 `` good lord , what am i , a magnet for this now ? '' 
 the flowers he 'd gotten were now bent . 
 `` damn . '' 
 what was that on his free hand , though ? 
 his fingers felt wet . 
 he turned his hand over , and found himself staring at blood . 
 ۞ the stranger followed his plan as best he could . 
 he could n't run ; slipping into the throng was not an option until he could get cleaned up . 
 worse yet , he had literally run into someone , in an area that normally had no foot traffic . 
 light-headedness told him he 'd bled freely a bit too long . 
 a pass by several kiosks earned him a long dark-colored scarf . 
 he wound it around his head in a loose pagri , gritting his teeth as it came into contact with his ear . 
 the end of the fabric draped over his shoulder , hiding the blood he could not wipe off . 
 his leg was more problematic . 
 he could hardly snatch up a pair of trousers and hope they fit . 
 it required a fast trip inside a shop , where he quickly located what he needed , changed , paid , and went back on his way . 
 the cut that damned bitch had made was deep . 
 running was definitely out of the question . 
 he wondered whether warden had sent him thinking it might be a suicide mission . 
 would n't be too surprising . 
 warden hated him . 
 the blitz was also out of the question . 
 he 'd have to get clever . 
 cleverer , he corrected himself . 
 now , now , pride goeth before the fall . 
 be quiet , he ordered the voice that sounded a great deal like his brother-in-law . 
 `` if i get out of this alive , robert , i 'm going to kill you next . '' 
 he ignored the pain from his leg . 
 he would fix that later . 
 ۞ still on the floor back in her room , maeve picked away at the cobwebs to come back to the surface . 
 she tried to stand . 
 no good . 
 not yet . 
 maybe she could crawl . 
 breathing past nausea , determined to make the call for help . 
 whoever that guy had been , he could n't get too far with his leg in the kind of shape it was in . 
 unfortunately , her resolve was worth squat at that point , she soon found herself sitting only feet away from her goal , sweating and swearing . 
 at least dem would arrive soon . 
 if he did n't get sidetracked along the way , that was . 
 her eyelids sank , she shivered as the environmental cooling kicked on ; the only thing keeping her awake was the brutal throbbing of her leg and collarbone as blood pooled beneath the skin . 
 where was dem , god ... dammit , she needed him , or anyone with morphine . 
 the urge to pull the knife was strong , but she fought it down . 
 the light in her bedroom was on . 
 strange , she had thought for sure that it had been off . 
 her vision swam and blurred for a moment , but she thought she saw someone in there . 
 was it him ? 
 was he still there ? 
 she lurched back onto her knees , looking for a weapon , looking back up to see if he 'd moved . 
 but it was n't him , was it ? 
 she could only see long hair , spilling over the edge of the bed . 
 she jumped , hearing the door vibrate as someone pounded outside . 
 ۞ `` maeve ? '' 
 dmitry had run the entire way from the staircase to maeve 's room . 
 it was a strange , unaccountable feeling , and he prayed he was absurdly wrong . 
 he looked more carefully at the door . 
 there was a note from her to come in when he got there . 
 she 'd counted on being in the shower or something , getting ready . 
 he took a deep breath and went inside . 
 `` shit . '' 
 he suddenly felt that he had not been wrong . 
 the whole place was dark , except the bedroom . 
 he only made it a few steps when he felt something crunch under his feet . 
 groping for a light in the darkness , he turned one on with a tap of his finger . 
 the place was a wreck . 
 there was dirt , broken glass , books , but where was she ? 
 a scuffling noise made him whip around . 
 maeve was there , on the floor , looking into the bedroom . 
 her head was cut , there were marks all over her throat , and worse . 
 he bit back the cry that welled up from deep within him . 
 `` i do n't suppose you fell , did you ? '' 
 she shook her head wanly . 
 `` hang on then , i 'll take you over to the clinic . '' 
 `` no , wait . '' 
 `` wait ? '' 
 his voice was verging on frantic . 
 `` you 've got a knife in your side ! 
 there 's no waiting . '' 
 `` go look . 
 please . 
 go see who it is . '' 
 she was still staring into the bedroom . 
 dmitry thought for a moment that she was delirious , but he turned his head and saw what she saw . 
 he sprinted over to the intercom and called the emergency number . 
 `` he was already inside , waiting for me . 
 please , go see who is in there . '' 
 `` i think i saw him . 
 out in the corridor . '' 
 the moment seemed more and more surreal as he gingerly stepped over the debris toward the other room . 
 ۞ `` have you seen miss madoc ? '' 
 tark was down in the science labs , where sa’andy typically worked . 
 it was an hour past when she had been due back . 
 he was n't worried . 
 she was prone to disappearing into research papers or protocols . 
 `` um , no , not for a while . 
 she said she had something to do , someone to talk to , i think . 
 she left at about fifteen-thirty , if i remember correctly . '' 
 `` huh . 
 thanks . 
 if she comes back , just remind her that we 're supposed to do some , um , wedding planning . 
 thanks . '' 
 the knowing smiles worn by sa’andy 's colleagues said that she must have told them how she 'd proposed . 
 it felt awkward , even though he 'd said it was n't a big deal . 
 his comm vibrated . 
 he tapped his earpiece and answered . 
 `` tarkington . '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 dmitry sounded odd . 
 `` what 's up ? 
 you okay ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 you need to get down to maeve 's room . 
 now . '' 
 his tone did not brook questioning or argument . 
 ۞ `` okay , what 's up ? '' 
 grace looked at the three `` boys '' , as she called them . 
 `` um , no idea what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` are n't we all supposed to be headed to the theater ? '' 
 `` waiting for jemi . '' 
 `` she knows where it is , right ? '' 
 `` gracie , we do n't leave a man ... woman , whatever , behind . 
 we said we 'd wait , we 'll wait . 
 she probably had to use the potty . '' 
 `` wow . 
 just ... wow . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` leif , you 're a grown man . 
 women do n't use the potty , unless they have a small child with them . '' 
 `` she could have had . '' 
 `` josh ? 
 did she say anything to you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but that 's because she has n't actually been here yet today . '' 
 `` someone could have mentioned that ! '' 
 they were all lazed out on the furniture , eating snack foods , watching something on the video screen . 
 grace turned it off . 
 `` hey ! 
 that was the 2020 super bowl ! 
 my daggone team finally made it , and you turned it off ! '' 
 `` it 's recorded , you ass ! 
 we 're late . 
 i 'll leave her a note , or something . '' 
 `` listen , i know you 're all excited that you might get to blow crap up again , but we 're , '' he gestured to antonio , josh , and himself , `` taking this news a little bit at a time . '' 
 `` get out the door ! '' 
 she put on her di voice and let them have the rest of the boom . 
 boom . 
 ۞ tark felt a leaden weight begin to settle into his chest . 
 it was difficult to imagine what might be happening in maeve 's room that required his immediate presence . 
 it was probably not good . 
 his foreboding turned to dread as he made his way down below decks . 
 there were medical personnel and pmo 's swarming . 
 he stopped in his tracks as he saw a gurney go ahead of him with a body bag on it . 
 what in the name of god was happening on his station ? 
 ۞ julieta was not at the theater either . 
 they went up to the private apartments , and into a library . 
 wallace was pacing around , clearly distracted . 
 mrs. han sat nearby , swirling a cup of tea as she listened to something through an earpiece . 
 leif pointedly ignored wallace , and made his way over to scan the shelves for anything of interest . 
 their host was evidently a collector of actual print , including graphic novels . 
 `` something has happened . '' 
 the old woman 's voice cut through the still air . 
 they all exchanged looks . 
 `` we may have underestimated warden . '' 
 `` something ? 
 is master kun all right ? '' 
 wallace stepped toward her anxiously . 
 `` it seems likely that ... i do not speak of things back on earth , however . 
 i was listening to the radio chatter here on the station . 
 there is a manhunt . 
 something happened in one of the lower levels . '' 
 `` we just came from down below . 
 did n't see anything ... . '' 
 `` yeah , but we were on the near end , in my apartment . 
 and we took the lift up . '' 
 `` the near end ? 
 as opposed to what , the rear end ? '' 
 `` leif , our rooms were deliberately spaced out , right ? 
 and mine is all the way at the opposite end from the commercial district . '' 
 `` and maeve 's rooms . 
 has anyone talked to her today ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she 's been keeping to herself a bit since that whole thing with the station doc happened . '' 
 `` i think that she has n't necessarily been by herself . '' 
 grace wore a knowing smile . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 wallace interjected at the same time as antonio and josh tried to shush her . 
 `` she 's been with the base xo , major petrovich . 
 he seems like an okay guy , for a guy . '' 
 she kept her smile in place , carefully ignoring everyone else . 
 antonio smacked his palm to his forehead . 
 how could grace of all people be so oblivious to the need for discretion ? 
 of course , she did n't have to be discreet anymore , so maybe she had stopped thinking before she spoke . 
 or maybe she wanted to toss out the apple of discord ... for what , fun ? 
 `` i thought they had sort of gone their own ways , or something . '' 
 leif looked a bit grey around the edges . 
 josh joined in frowning as loudly as he could at grace , who was still oblivious to any problem . 
 probably she thought she was just twisting the knife for wallace , josh realized . 
 `` i think gracie means that they 've been hanging out , friendly like . '' 
 `` um , no , somebody told me that they saw her leaving his place early the other morning . '' 
 she sat back and yawned . 
 wallace was miserable . 
 he 'd seen them together . 
 he 'd hoped it was just a distraction , but not so . 
 maeve had moved on . 
 he failed to spot leif 's reaction . 
 the other man had turned to look out a window . 
 josh went over . 
 `` hey . 
 you ok ? '' 
 `` it 's her life . 
 she can live it . '' 
 `` yeah , but if you never tell her , it 's going to kill you . 
 and who knows , maybe she just fell into the first pair of open arms she came across . '' 
 `` now that is comforting . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` i did not see this coming . '' 
 `` i think you may have said that already . '' 
 `` hmph . '' 
 leif threw himself into a chair to sulk . 
 mrs. han shook her head . 
 young people . 
 she was just as glad that hormones were a thing of her past . 
 she tucked her tiny earpiece back into place and continued to listen . 
 whatever was going on , station personnel were being very cryptic about it . 
 it was as though they were worried about being overheard . 
 ludicrous . 
 ۞ he brushed loose hair from her forehead , trying not to look at the rest of her . 
 her face was peaceful , indescribably so . 
 it did n't seem real . 
 dmitry had seen the dead before . 
 it was an unavoidable part of peacekeeping . 
 death hunted and stalked , always . 
 but here , on the nimitz , they 'd been lucky . 
 it had always been life in a protective bubble . 
 he sighed , looking away . 
 death had found their address . 
 the spell had been broken . 
 tark was not going to like this . 
 he walked back out to maeve , feeling still that lightning strike of anguish at seeing her like this . 
 emergency medical personnel worked calmly and swiftly over her . 
 she was pale again , as when he 'd first met her . 
 blood was everywhere , but one of the investigators , carson , assured him that it was not all maeve 's . 
 `` she must have gotten him good . '' 
 `` we 're positive it 's a male ? '' 
 without considering the tests that the investigator had already run , he said this . 
 a moment later , he noted the pitying look carson was giving him . 
 `` sorry , my stupid moment . 
 anything else to know ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 absolutely zero in the databases . 
 i mean , the blood is human , and male , as i said , and a positive , but aside from that ... nothing . '' 
 she held up her hands in defeat . 
 `` how is that possible ? '' 
 it was a universal -lrb- if not despised and debated -rrb- fact that every human child born got logged into a dna base . 
 that information was supposed to be inaccessible except to law enforcement . 
 it was possible that some slipped through the cracks , but those people were usually not a part of mainstream society . 
 `` i have no answer for that , sir . 
 once we start really poking around , we may find something , or an absence of something , if you know what i mean . '' 
 `` you think somebody erased a dna profile ? '' 
 a far worse thought surfaced in his mind . 
 `` or maybe it was never there to begin with . '' 
 he looked over at maeve . 
 she surely would have said something if she 'd known her attacker , would n't she ? 
 `` i do n't think anything ... yet . '' 
 `` frankly , i do n't like either scenario . '' 
 trying to think back to the guy who 'd run into him , he found he was unable to summon a clear description . 
 he also saw that carson was unwilling to say anything further . 
 a niggling memory from all the traffic that had gone in and out of hawke 's personal comm occurred to him . 
 embedded in one was the hint of a rumor he 'd heard years ago , about some secret society . 
 it seemed implausible now , but perhaps less so than when he had first heard it . 
 the emergency team were standing around the stretcher , getting ready to move maeve . 
 he leaned over her , holding her hand gingerly . 
 `` i 'll be right behind you . 
 just need to wait for t ... '' dmitry gave a silent look around ; the technicians turned away for a moment . 
 `` ... the colonel to show.you 'll be fine in a few hours . 
 do your best to try and retain everything that happened . '' 
 `` that 's usually what i do all too well . '' 
 a hint of a smile passed over her lips . 
 realization washed over him . 
 `` that 's why you got blitzed . '' 
 `` bingo , you win the jackpot ... . '' 
 `` how much have you gotten back ? '' 
 `` it keeps coming in bits and pieces . '' 
 her brows knitted , from pain , or unhappiness . 
 `` i hate it . '' 
 `` never mind . 
 go get put back together . '' 
 he leaned down to kiss her , softly , trying to let her feel how much he wished he 'd been there early , instead of just a bit too late . 
 they took her to the clinic . 
 now it was just him and a dead girl , waiting together for time to catch back up . 
 ۞ `` dmitry ? '' 
 the voice was an anchor back to reality . 
 it seemed as though hours had slipped away . 
 tark was staring around in disbelief . 
 `` what in six hells happened here ? '' 
 `` somebody was waiting for her . '' 
 `` you were n't here . '' 
 it was n't an accusation . 
 dmitry had to fight down the instinct to defend himself anyway . 
 `` no . 
 i was on my way . '' 
 `` is she okay ? '' 
 tark pointed out the front entry . 
 `` i saw them taking her . 
 but i also saw a bag out there . 
 was she questionable for a while ? '' 
 dmitry sighed . 
 `` no . 
 the bag is for ... someone else . '' 
 the weight dropped from tark 's chest through his gut , into his knees . 
 he rested on the arm of the sofa for a moment . 
 `` who ? 
 where ? '' 
 he followed the direction that dmitry 's arm swung out , as it came to rest pointing at the bedroom door . 
 it was closed . 
 `` the perp ? '' 
 `` i wish . 
 if i 'd ... . '' 
 dmitry breathed in and out , willing the rage to fade away . 
 `` never mind . 
 it 's a female . 
 maeve says the light was off in there when she first came in , but by the time i got here , it was on . 
 our guy wanted us to see everything he 'd done all at once , i guess . '' 
 `` that assumes he thought he 'd left both of them dead . '' 
 tark was staring at the closed door , trying to talk himself into going over there . 
 `` one might imagine , yes . '' 
 dmitry noticed a peculiar look on his friend 's face . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` did you id the woman ? '' 
 tark was barely breathing . 
 `` is that why the door is shut ? 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` sa’andy , she 's been out of the loop for a few hours . 
 they said in the lab that she 'd gone to talk to somebody . '' 
 so that was it . 
 dmitry reached out and put a comforting hand on tark 's shoulder . 
 `` it 's not sa’andy . 
 jeez , you do n't think i 'd call you down here like that if something that bad had happened , do you ? '' 
 tark slumped for a moment , obvious relief coursing through his body . 
 the realization that there was still a dead woman in the other room sobered him again , however . 
 `` well , then , who is it ? '' 
 `` you 're not going to like it . '' 
 ۞ `` okay , so jules and jemi have run off together for a spa day . '' 
 antonio was only trying to steer conversation away from delicate topics . 
 he was surprised by grace 's reaction to what he figured was a joke . 
 `` what have you heard ? '' 
 she had her finger practically in ... side his nose . 
 `` whoa , ease up . 
 just kidding . '' 
 `` you would n't have said something like that for no reason . '' 
 `` i was trying to lighten the mood ? '' 
 `` idiot . '' 
 she stalked away . 
 he reflected that grace had suddenly gotten pretty strange in the past day or so . 
 well , they were all temperamental lately . 
 there was just a little extra topping on some of their dispositions . 
 maybe grace was having hormones ... he looked over at her . 
 she was furiously muddling some leaves in a tall glass . 
 what was up with her ? 
 women . 
 grace did n't want to be pissed , but she was , so there . 
 after all this time , she would have hoped that jemi would get it . 
 do n't go putting oars into other people 's boats . 
 or lakes . 
 something . 
 why would she go off alone with jules ? 
 it was not cool . 
 then again , why would she have ? 
 why would jules , for that matter ? 
 had n't she just told grace how hard it had been , for two whole years , knowing that she had to keep waiting ? 
 she thumped the muddler down into the glass once last time , noticing that she 'd turned the mint leaves into goo . 
 so much for that idea . 
 `` we probably ought to go check and see if everything is okay down there . '' 
 josh looked to mrs. han . 
 `` well , you can not do much here unless we have miss ramirez . 
 i do not like the sounds of what i am listening to , either . 
 whatever has happened , they are taking it very seriously . '' 
 `` alright , we 'll roll down there , check on things , and see if we can locate our little lost sheepies . 
 sound good ? '' 
 josh tried to sound as cheerful as he did not feel . 
 they all shrugged apathetically , but dragged themselves out the door regardless . 
 ۞ they were walking into the grand foyer when colonel tarkington walked in with major petrovich and a detachment of pmo personnel . 
 the two senior men looked a step past grim . 
 everyone came to a halt and stood staring at one another . 
 josh had a bad feeling . 
 `` colonel ? '' 
 nobody moved . 
 petrovich was glowering at them all . 
 josh could hear leif breathing , and the sound of fists tightening up . 
 oh , not now . 
 of all the moments he wanted to act like a jealous lover ... . 
 `` gentlemen , '' tark nodded to grace , `` miss poole . 
 we 've had a little problem . '' 
 `` could you be more specific ? '' 
 josh tried to sound nonchalant while stepping on leif 's foot as hard as he could . 
 leif had his eyes locked on petrovich . 
 `` not here . 
 we need to head to security battalion offices . '' 
 he paused , only for a moment . 
 `` now . '' 
 tarkington did not look like a man to be argued with . 
 he crossed the polished marble floor over to wallace . 
 `` we 've not yet been introduced , mister wallace . 
 you come too . '' 
 wallace blanched . 
 they 'd come in using false names . 
 nobody was supposed to know his real name , unless ... . 
 he scowled over at the others . 
 somebody must have talked . 
 the whole mission was compromised now . 
 probably that 's what this was all about , actually . 
 he imagined that jules was already in lockup , as he would soon be , all because someone did n't want to have to go back and get into original orders . 
 shit . 
 nonetheless , they went without argument . 
 tark left behind two corporals , ordering them to stay in direct sight of mrs. han until he said otherwise . 
 the old woman cursed inwardly . 
 this was not part of their planning . 
 and she would be unable to let her brother know anything for now . 
 very bad indeed . 
 ۞ they walked at a brisk pace , all too aware of curious stares from onlookers . 
 it was not every day that they saw their commander at the head of a procession like this . 
 tark knew he had to move quickly . 
 by his count , there was still someone unaccounted for , and it was only a matter of time before rumor started running wild . 
 there was no avoiding it . 
 `` colonel , i ... . '' 
 `` not yet , mr. yi . 
 double time it . '' 
 taken aback by the terse tone , they instinctively fell into pace . 
 they were in the boundaries of the base by then ; no more civilians to gawk at them , they broke into a stride that had them at a light jog . 
 `` this is a little wacky , '' antonio muttered to josh . 
 `` you 're telling me . 
 you suppose they want us to reenlist ? '' 
 they were all thinking the obvious . 
 tarkington might have finally gotten orders of disposition for them . 
 `` god , i hope not . 
 i 'm too old for this crowd . '' 
 josh looked around at all the bright shining faces moving about their duties . 
 `` you 're twenty-five , dude . '' 
 they slowed down and stopped outside a large freight elevator . 
 `` we 're going down . 
 get in . '' 
 petrovich was downright surly . 
 `` take it easy , we 're moving . '' 
 antonio found himself nose to nose with the xo . 
 the guy acted like he was trying to read his mind , boring into him with those unsettlingly pale blue eyes . 
 `` major . '' 
 dmitry was unyielding . 
 `` i may not have authority over you , but you will respect my office . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` stand down , major . '' 
 tarkington walked over , somewhat in awe of his friend 's ability to suddenly seem like the most terrifying man alive . 
 petrovich backed away , still observing them carefully . 
 josh began to notice that he was only watching the men . 
 as to grace , be barely spared a glance . 
 the elevator jerked , stopped , and groaned open its doors . 
 cold air gusted in from a glossy hallway . 
 `` uh , i 'm sorry , this is n't the security battalion ... is it ? '' 
 josh did n't like the direction things were headed . 
 tarkington did not respond . 
 petrovich , who had not taken his eyes off them , answered . 
 `` it 's the morgue . '' 
 ۞ maeve drifted back into the warm fantasy of swimming in bright blue water . 
 she could n't remember how old she had been . 
 where was niall ? 
 was he there , in the water , right beside her ? 
 deeper in , she could hear his infant laughter . 
 she sighed with relief . 
 she must have been about seven or eight if he 'd only been a babe in arms . 
 the laughter continued . 
 what had he been so happy about ? 
 a seagull . 
 there had been one of them squabbling with a pelican over a mackerel . 
 niall could n't get enough of watching the smaller bird hop around the large , awkward one . 
 they both squawked and carried on as they fought . 
 she 'd lost sight of him , her baby brother ; he had been a good baby . 
 never cried . 
 trusted everyone to come to him if he but peeped . 
 good little baby . 
 baby . 
 she was back in the ocean , but it had turned red . 
 everywhere red . 
 she had n't seen it coming . 
 but come , it had . 
 there and gone before she 'd had a chance to think it through . 
 out with the bath water , and down the drain . 
 gone into neverland . 
 pain tugged her back , as always . 
 she put her hands down over her belly , expecting to see the illusion that was usually there . 
 her hands were clean . 
 she blinked and shook her head vigorously . 
 `` i would n't do too much of that . 
 you 're going to be sore enough for a day or so . '' 
 a young doctor leaned on the doorway . 
 maeve noticed she was in a bright , clean room , with all manner of tubes and thingies stuck to her . 
 `` how did i get here ? '' 
 she still hated hospitals . 
 the doctor came over , frowning . 
 lt. cdr . 
 bahur was printed on his nametape . 
 he wore blue scrubs and smelled of aftershave and antiseptic . 
 `` you do n't recall ? '' 
 `` it 's fuzzy . 
 last thing going on ... i had a knife lodged in my chest . '' 
 dr. bahur clucked his tongue in amusement . 
 `` there , you see . 
 you do recall . 
 of course you 're fuzzy , you lost several litres of blood . '' 
 he walked around the bed to check things over . 
 maeve let him fuss over taking her pulse , checking her for post-concussion symptoms , and more . 
 he was looking over the chart when she saw a thin red line running along his ear . 
 `` did you hurt yourself ? '' 
 bahur looked at her quizzically . 
 she tapped her own ear . 
 `` ah , yes . 
 rugby . 
 sometimes you get more than you bargain for in the scrum . 
 nearly came clean off . 
 you should have seen the look on the face of the one who did it . '' 
 he smiled innocuously at her . 
 ۞ `` the morgue ? 
 like where dead people are kept ? '' 
 grace felt a wave of dizzy fear break over them . 
 `` colonel , please tell us what 's happened . '' 
 josh seemed to be the only one who was able to speak calmly . 
 he held up his hand to shush leif and wallace . 
 `` right after i get some answers . '' 
 tark took a deep breath , and then wished he had n't . 
 `` we have one person in here . 
 and we have another who nearly ended up here . 
 and we have , or rather do n't have , someone who is responsible . '' 
 `` not that i understood a word of that , but , i 'll bite . 
 what do you want us to tell you ? '' 
 josh spoke as he kept leif in his peripheral view . 
 `` you 're going to start with where you 've all been for the past few hours . 
 and then , you can tell me why you 're suddenly palling around with mrs. han . '' 
 dmitry had an instinctive feel that none of them knew yet , but he was running high off adrenaline and fury . 
 `` sorry . 
 not playing your game . 
 not inclined to tell you shit unless i know what 's going on . '' 
 leif had worked himself back into a bad attitude . 
 he and dmitry began to square off ; tark sighed and realized that he had to rein things in . 
 `` alright . 
 major , come on . '' 
 tark 's words might as well remained unspoken . 
 dmitry did not budge . 
 leif stood over him by several inches , was broader by several more , but tark knew dmitry would not back down . 
 `` mr. christensen , if you would ? 
 i 'm sorry to have to do things this way , but i did n't want to have news traveling ahead of me . '' 
 he gestured through a set of double doors . 
 they all walked into an extremely chilly reception area . 
 tark slipped into a small office . 
 `` you could play hockey down here . '' 
 grace 's uncomfortable quip hung in the air , untouched . 
 none of them felt jovial anymore . 
 a sense of terrible anticipation fell over the group . 
 an eternity later , tark reappeared with someone . 
 the coroner ? 
 she was hastily tying her hair up , tugging on exam gloves , commenting on the nature of `` this one '' . 
 as it were , that it was `` better '' than the last one . 
 they all knew to whom she referred . 
 antonio wondered what state the doctor 's remains were in . 
 he shuddered a little . 
 `` this way . '' 
 the presumptive coroner addressed them , looking vaguely uncomfortable . 
 nobody moved . 
 the reality of what might be beyond , lying on a table , and in what condition ... had just dawned on them . 
 `` who is in there ? '' 
 tarkington and petrovich said nothing . 
 the woman , in her dark blue scrubs , took the few last steps and pushed open another set of double doors . 
 along one side of the room beyond were the expected drawers , on the far side , the tables . 
 only one was being used . 
 the overhead light shone down brightly . 
 they looked in ; tried to process what should n't be there . 
 this was n't right . 
 ۞ a nurse walked in . 
 bahur was still watching maeve in a way that left her unsettled . 
 she wished she could stand up and walk out , leave him behind , but that was not possible . 
 not yet . 
 she could only match his gaze , and hope that the nurse would linger . 
 exhaustion nibbled away at her resolve to stay alert . 
 `` they have n't caught him yet , if that 's what you 're wondering . '' 
 bahur seemed amused by her stubborn resistance to sleep . 
 `` i figured . '' 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 `` actually , i was thinking about what i did to him . 
 he probably lost a bit of blood ... and the leg wound ... . 
 it does occur to me that he 's not in the best of health right now . '' 
 `` what are you suggesting ? '' 
 `` well , unless he 's a doctor , '' she said with deliberate slowness , `` one might imagine that he 's gone to ground to fix himself up . '' 
 she watched bahur carefully , trying to gauge his reaction . 
 he had an awfully good poker face . 
 `` why do you think he was in your rooms ? '' 
 `` garden variety sexual predator , i suppose . 
 he must have watched some one of us and realized that there are no other occupied apartments down there . '' 
 `` seems a bit convenient . '' 
 `` hardly . 
 we 're not on the official rolls , if you know what i mean . 
 we 're just guests . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 at that , maeve relaxed . 
 if he did n't know about the others , maybe it was all right . 
 `` my friends and me . 
 we 're guests of the ... station , i guess . '' 
 `` i see . 
 if you 'll forgive my saying so , this whole scenario seems less random than it appears . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she fiddled with the bed to try to get it sat up . 
 `` well , in accepting your theory , i believe we should have seen some evidence of sexual assault . 
 but he did n't try to do that to you , correct ? '' 
 `` um , no . '' 
 `` and the other young woman , the one in your bed , '' he coughed uncomfortably , `` no evidence there either . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` this is what i have from our medical examiner . 
 no findings of that nature . 
 to me , that sort of says this guy was there to do a job . '' 
 bahur fixed his cool grey stare onto the wall . 
 `` a job . 
 killer for hire , that kind of job ? '' 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 he watched as maeve touched her chest where the knife had been . 
 the processing of his theory fell against strong opposition . 
 it was n't that she disagreed with his logic , merely that she hated the implications of it . 
 `` when the other doctor , hawke , when she was in the airlock ... what she said , i thought she must have been delusional . 
 was she just warning us ? '' 
 maeve had seen her repeating her one small phrase . 
 `` what did she say ? '' 
 bahur sat forward , seeming suddenly intense . 
 `` they 're coming . '' 
 ۞earthside -- the med boko had used up an entire ream of paper on airplanes , in an absentminded attempt to derail his insomnia . 
 he sat in the half-light of daybreak , leant against his headboard , in the small bedroom of his apartment . 
 he 'd been awake most of the night , stubbornly refusing to turn on the bedside lamp . 
 he told himself that he was trying to sort out his thoughts without the distraction of sight . 
 fatigue hovered in the periphery , but he pushed it away . 
 folding paper blindly , he could hear his grandfather 's voice echoing in the darkness . 
 kun had given him a second chance . 
 forgiveness had been granted without condition . 
 boko was sure that unspoken obligation had been in the gentle hand laid on his shoulder . 
 a touch that reminded him of when he 'd left , in anger , cursing his family , his legacy , and unwanted responsibility . 
 he still could n't face those memories . 
 it was far easier to simply accept the blame , and move on . 
 it was only a weight , a burden . 
 he could still hope that absolution might be granted him . 
 he dragged his reluctant brain back into the room with him , thinking about the task before him . 
 the sheer magnitude of it was halved only by the fact that there was no need to infiltrate the organization that was being brought down . 
 boko the trusted and valued advisor would become the man who would kill robert warden . 
 grandfather had not been eager to impart this responsibility onto his only grandchild , having only just gotten him back . 
 but it was because of their long separation that boko would be able to draw closer to his prey without arousing suspicion . 
 no one knew of any living relative to the man they knew as bhujoung `` boko '' pritt , their associate who had come into his own after being a ward of the state during his minority . 
 boko had paid good money to erase his past , originally out of shame . 
 now he continued to use this to exact restitution . 
 after it was all over , he would visit his mother . 
 he owed her that much . 
 he would never know if she could have forgiven him as his grandfather had done . 
 she had passed into the shadow lands , from where honored ancestors watched over the living . 
 warden was a man of habit , almost infant-like in his need to be on some sort of schedule from day to day . 
 the results of a disruption were often felt rather resoundingly by his colleagues . 
 therefore , they 'd all learned not to be the source of any such ripple . 
 boko had often felt as though , watching warden move through their offices , that the man moved as though he was expecting an ambush at any moment . 
 he had been in the military for a few years in his younger days , according to the corporate dossier . 
 boko knew what had appealed to warden about that kind of life , the power plays , the potential for destruction . 
 but warden had turned to more profitable ventures , and finally , to politics , when he could buy his way into them . 
 for boko , that amounted to formulating a plan to destroy a man who had everything to lose , a man who was constantly aware of his own possible demise . 
 it was a nearly impossible task , except , for some unfathomable reason , warden saw boko as a younger brother . 
 someone to trust and share all of his gruesome secrets with . 
 boko did n't exactly consider himself to be an angel , but he found warden 's stories troubling , to say the least . 
 nor could he fathom why his boss had latched onto him . 
 not that it really mattered . 
 next week , they were set to go on a business trip together . 
 just the two of them , off to a remote operations headquarters . 
 next week , robert warden would have an accident . 
 boko finally put his head down ; sleep had won him over . 
 ۞the nimitz `` what happened ??? '' grace shouted into the stunned silence . 
 `` we were hoping you 'd be able to shed some light ... . '' 
 tark held up his hands to try and calm the crowd . 
 `` on what ? 
 you think one of us would have done this ?!? '' antonio felt ill . 
 from across the room , all they could see was a pile of black hair . 
 `` i think nothing , except that i have one more dead woman . 
 then there 's maeve , who nearly suffered the same fate . '' 
 the room erupted into shouting . 
 the woman in scrubs , who was the medical examiner in reality , slowly backed out of the room . 
 there was a little too much testosterone for her liking . 
 this was why she only had dogs , truthfully . 
 training . 
 as simple as clickers and biscuits . 
 `` i will tell you everything i know , so long as you start doing the same . 
 enough with the secrets . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 leif pointed to the steel table . 
 `` start talking . '' 
 `` we found her in ms. howard 's rooms . 
 maeve herself walked in as the perpetrator was either finishing , or merely waiting for her . 
 we 're not clear yet . '' 
 `` why was jemi in maeve 's rooms ? '' 
 `` not clear yet . '' 
 `` okay , what is clear ? 
 what do you know ? '' 
 `` perp was a male . 
 mid-thirties , average height and build , but ` wiry ' , maeve hurt him pretty badly , from what we understand . 
 he 's still at large , unfortunately . '' 
 `` what 's being done to find him ? '' 
 leif put his face inches from tark 's , while the station commander tried to regain his bearing . 
 tark put out his hand to discretely back leif off , while dmitry moved to stand firmly by his friend 's side . 
 `` we have a door to door currently in progress . 
 we 'll find him . 
 it 's not like he can run . '' 
 `` colonel , have you forgotten what desperate people can accomplish ? '' 
 antonio did not take his eyes from jemi 's face . 
 she was gone . 
 it was the first time he had ever seen the body of someone he 'd known . 
 he might have seen his mother , but he 'd been a toddler . 
 there was no memory from those days . 
 jemi 's hand was cool , not yet as chilly as the room . 
 `` no , mr. assunta , that has not gone unthought . 
 we 've halted all traffic out though , and we can search this place rafters to rivets . '' 
 `` and what if he forces your hand ? '' 
 `` you 'll be under protection . 
 critical areas of the station are already under guard . '' 
 `` us ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` we have reason to feel that this was not a random attack . '' 
 tark looked over at dmitry . 
 the other man shrugged . 
 `` we keep our ears to the ground when and where we feel it 's prudent . 
 i 've had some information come to my attention . 
 it sounds as though , impossibly , you 're all on someone 's radar . '' 
 ۞ maeve drifted in and out of sleep while present and past intertwined through her dreams . 
 a sense of dread had worked its way in ; she was slipping closer to the abyss . 
 this time , though , there was an anchor . 
 she could feel a tether to reality that had not previously been in place . 
 she did not care to speculate as to its origins just yet . 
 rather , she needed to stop fighting herself and finally deal with the past . 
 her dreaming mind walked along the edges of a black sandy beach . 
 bright blue waves churned to her left . 
 do n't hesitate . 
 go . 
 she turned and dove into a tall wave . 
 water closed in around her , and the instinct to fight the current , to kick free , was strong . 
 instead , she let go , and floated away in a rip curl of unconscious thought . 
 it was an unpleasant ride up and over storm swells . 
 she fought down fear , remembering that these were only dreams . 
 a paddleboard bobbed to the surface nearby . 
 she swam over , took hold of it , and kept going . 
 it was all there , on a distant shore . 
 she sat on the board , looking into the distance , where fires raged . 
 they 'd been burning for some time , fueled by her inability to face them . 
 the daggerboard scraped sand ; she stood and walked into the flames . 
 it was time . 
 ۞ wartime deployments had ended . 
 it was supposed to be a draw-down period . 
 gradually , it became obvious that there were other reasons for withdrawing from foreign war zones . 
 everyone laughed it off ; they were just glad to be home . 
 rumors persisted , and then a group of active-duty personnel were arrested , charged with sedition , and then ... nothing . 
 nobody talked about it officially . 
 it was water cooler talk for a short time . 
 maeve had n't tried to make sense of it . 
 it had just seemed too fantastical , too ridiculous . 
 besides , if something were truly on the horizon , would n't they have been training for it ? 
 there were other things to worry about . 
 she was her brother 's legal guardian , except he was turning eighteen , wanting to leave . 
 then there was a boyfriend , who was n't really a boyfriend . 
 she 'd figured that in order to be a boyfriend , one had to be semi-reliable , and not dropping off the off the radar constantly . 
 fergus fulfilled neither of these qualifications . 
 not that she 'd been overly concerned when she 'd gotten home after eighteen months from a blast furnace of a deployment . 
 it had been nice to have hot showers , carefree and endless nights , as well as beer and bacon . 
 she had wanted to care about nothing . 
 it should not have surprised her to see two little lines on a stick , but it had . 
 she had been knocked back on her heels . 
 she looked into the fires still raging on the beach . 
 through the smoke , a slight figure emerged . 
 maeve swallowed , the smoke stung her eyes and lungs , but she knew who it would be . 
 it was a wraith . 
 a ghost of a child who had never come into the world . 
 she remembered . 
 one night . 
 one night had changed everything . 
 ۞ `` on someone 's radar ? 
 you mean besides the people who sent him here ? '' 
 leif jabbed a thumb in wallace 's direction . 
 `` i think he 's talking about the mithraic alliance . '' 
 wallace was a little white around the edges . 
 his eyes were fixed on the table where jemila solomon lay . 
 he felt a sting of guilt at being relieved that they had not walked in to find jules . 
 `` what are we talking about ? '' 
 dmitry was watching tark , trying to determine how much of this his friend had already puzzled out . 
 `` the new face of the group we were originally meant to go after , am i right ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 after everything that happened , originally , they went deep underground , and did n't emerge until about ten years ago . 
 that was why ju ... ramirez and i were pulled out . 
 they wanted to find out if anyone was still viable . 
 they 'd been looking for us for a long time , and now we 're supposed to do what we were always meant to do . '' 
 `` right . 
 wake up to die . 
 sounds like a perfect day . '' 
 leif ran his hand through his increasingly long red hair . 
 `` this is jacked ... up . '' 
 `` wait a minute , who said anything about dying ? '' 
 `` colonel , major , sorry , that 's the part you do n't seem to get yet . 
 we were meant to be disposable ... no , that 's the wrong word . 
 they spent a lot of money on us , but we had an expiration attached , see ? 
 they did n't want to have to spend the money to deprogram us , so they built in this ... suggestion . '' 
 `` uh , right , i 'm not following at all . '' 
 `` we were ... i guess you 'd call it brainwashed . 
 or were supposed to have been . 
 one of the researchers realized what was happening and rewrote the programming , from what we were told . '' 
 there was silence in the room , and wallace realized he and jules had n't mentioned this to the others yet . 
 crap . 
 `` excuse my asking , but just how did this researcher figure that out , precisely ? '' 
 dmitry had a feeling he knew the answer , but he wanted to hear it out loud . 
 wallace sighed miserably . 
 leif uttered the kind of noise one might expect from a wounded bear . 
 he already knew . 
 or had guessed as much . 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 that 's what was going on ? 
 all this time , she 's been walking around thinking she was crazy . '' 
 antonio felt a pang as he considered all the unkind thoughts he 'd had about maeve . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 they took her , and ... . '' 
 wallace shrugged . 
 `` they said they took her to bethesda . '' 
 leif was eyeing wallace angrily . 
 he did n't like what it implied that the other man knew all this . 
 `` who knows , maybe that 's where it was in the beginning . '' 
 dreams of explosions were fading into the background . 
 grace realized that she was trembling at the thought of having been so irritated at jemi . 
 now she was gone . 
 and jules ? 
 where was she ? 
 she 'd forgotten how fragile the threads of life could be . 
 `` that sounds like a marvelous place to start . '' 
 tark indicated to the m.e. , who came over . 
 `` doc , sorry for the intrusion and all the noise . 
 let us know when you can release her . '' 
 grace went over to her friend 's still form , and gently smoothed the hair from her brow . 
 `` i ca n't believe this . '' 
 she fought through angry tears . 
 `` please tell me we are going to kick the shit out of the animal that did this . '' 
 `` it 's a promise . '' 
 dmitry took her by the shoulders . 
 grace was startled by the rage in his own eyes . 
 `` this does not happen on our watch . '' 
 `` not again it does n't . '' 
 tark turned and stalked out , followed closely by security personnel . 
 everyone else followed , submerged in varying degrees of shock , grief , and anger . 
 `` here 's one question i still have , people . '' 
 tark spoke as he continued to walk , purposefully , toward the lift that would take them to the operations deck . 
 `` actually , two . 
 first , did anyone ever reverse what was done to ms. howard , since you say it was discovered ? 
 and , since i suspect the answer is no , then the obvious second question is , what happens if she goes ` active ' , as it were ? '' 
 they all looked at wallace . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` right now , it 's hard to predict . 
 i mean , they tried at the time , i guess . 
 she was already ... fragile . 
 that was supposed to be the ideal mind state . 
 it 's not a pretty chapter of history . '' 
 `` she was more than fragile , you idiot . '' 
 `` i was n't there , i admit , but she 'd told me to go away . 
 in a lot less polite way than that , too . '' 
 he was n't ready to tell them where he 'd gone to . 
 they were n't ready to hear it anyway . 
 `` i know . 
 problem is , you never paused to ask why ! 
 you were so wrapped up in yourself ... and then you got daddy to help you ease your troubled mind , in whatever way you wanted . '' 
 leif was struggling to control himself , while wallace finally let his emotions have free reign . 
 `` let it go ! 
 my father did n't use any influence to help me . 
 you know what , though , by the time i got there , she ... was ... gone . 
 i thought i could help , that 's all . 
 that 's why i kept looking . '' 
 `` help what ? '' 
 `` fix her . '' 
 `` listen , you can think whatever you want , but it was pretty obvious what was going on . '' 
 `` oh right , that 's all that matters . 
 like you know what my life was like ? 
 i 'm not blind , christensen , it was always really pathetically obvious what your motivations were , too . '' 
 that was enough . 
 leif picked him up two-fisted by the collar and tossed him into a wall . 
 dmitry dove in between them , praying that he would n't be mangled for his trouble . 
 leif was a titanic bulk when enraged . 
 there was no predicting an outcome . 
 it suddenly made sense for him to have been part of this strangely pieced-together team . 
 dmitry looked at the others , seeing the same logic for each of them , while they stood fast and did not interfere . 
 `` wallace , you have no clue . 
 none . '' 
 this came from josh . 
 `` naturally . 
 that 's where you go , every time . 
 predictable . 
 i 'm the bad guy , i get it . 
 the dilettante , the joker , the fool . 
 it 's okay . 
 i can admit it . '' 
 he pushed a finger into leif 's chest , reaching around dmitry in the process . 
 dmitry could only imagine that this was a dangerous action . 
 `` you 're the one in denial . 
 but go ahead , keep blaming me . 
 keep telling yourself that i was the reason why , for everything , including your own cowardice . '' 
 dmitry 's eyes widened . 
 leif might be big , but he was quick . 
 wallace was stumbling backwards with a bloody nose . 
 `` that 's enough ! '' 
 tark had been willing to let them get whatever it was out of their system , but he could n't have wholesale brawling in the corridors . 
 leif stormed off down the hall , away from where they were meant to go . 
 josh cautioned tark not to stop him . 
 `` he 'll be back . 
 it 's a touchy subject . '' 
 `` i can see that . '' 
 he turned back around to face the group . 
 `` mr. wallace , i do n't know what that was about , but i 'd recommend you not repeating it again . '' 
 he got a curt nod in reply . 
 blood continued to trickle down wallace 's chin . 
 tark handed him a handkerchief , and walked on . 
 ۞ josh held out an arm to keep wallace from following the others . 
 `` it 's tempting to see him the way you think he sees you . 
 it 's a hell of a lot more complicated than that . '' 
 `` josh , he 's in love with her . 
 we all know it . 
 that 's the only reason he 's so overprotective , and he ca n't see past the end of his nose because of it . '' 
 `` it 's not the only reason . 
 you know what happened with her brother , and what happened that night , but we , well , we kept you out of the loop about something else . '' 
 `` the only reason for doing that is if it had to do with me , is that what you 're saying ? '' 
 `` like i said , it 's complicated . 
 she did n't want you to know before , and so we kept our mouths shut . '' 
 josh twisted his mouth , searching for the right words , hoping that leif would n't suddenly reappear at the wrong moment . 
 `` does this have anything to do with why she dumped me ? '' 
 `` she did n't dump you , dumbass . 
 you think she was kidding herself about a future with you ? 
 she was just letting you go back to where 'd you come from . '' 
 wallace took the blow , and swallowed it down . 
 it was n't an untrue accusation . 
 maeve had been a complication that he had n't anticipted . 
 he thought about the ways in which he 'd rationalized using her . 
 she 'd let herself be used that way , he knew , because she wanted to have someone in her life . 
 it had been her doing the pursuing , tracking him down . 
 maeve had been an easy refuge from reality . 
 for a while , anyway . 
 he had decided that he 'd give it a try . 
 that he 'd give the two of them a shot . 
 it had been against his nature . 
 nights spent in the same place , over and over , in spite of intimacy ... bored him . 
 now , of course , he knew why she 'd wanted to stay rooted , why everything was always safe and secure . 
 she 'd been desperately seeking a stable life . 
 that last fight , though , that had always stayed with him . 
 it was like a small cancer in his soul , and it would not let him be at peace again until he excised it . 
 `` i do n't know what else to say . 
 i was trying to put things right between us , but as you know , the bezerker there would n't ever let me near her . '' 
 `` she was pregnant . '' 
 josh let the words come fast , intending them as a blow . 
 he struck home . 
 for a moment , the world reeled , and then wallace remembered he was in space . 
 `` she ... i , what now ? '' 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 josh stood impassively , unmoved by wallace 's shock . 
 `` this is n't some sick joke , is it ? '' 
 he was grasping at straws . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` that was why she told me to leave . '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` what happened ? 
 to it ? '' 
 he was afraid he knew . 
 `` you 're not going to ask the other question ? '' 
 the obvious one , thought josh , to most guys . 
 `` it would have had to have been mine . 
 she was n't like that . '' 
 wallace was beginning to wish leif had succeeded in knocking him senseless . 
 `` frick . '' 
 he sat back against the wall into which he 'd recently been thrown . 
 josh could only go by what he knew , which was a lot less than either leif or wallace . 
 that said , he tended to agree . 
 leif had said she 'd admitted that her ` wild ' days had been brief , embarrassing , and not something ever to be revisited . 
 confined to a single ninety-six libbo , by all accounts . 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 look , i 'm not trying to tell you that was what broke the camel 's back . 
 it was ... . '' 
 `` complicated . 
 yeah , you keep saying that . 
 but you did n't answer my question . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 they watched each other for a few moments . 
 `` did she lose it , or did she ... ? '' 
 `` no , she did not do that . 
 it may have crossed her mind , but as i have it , she 'd apparently made up her mind otherwise . 
 what happened was beyond her control . '' 
 `` nobody would tell me anything . '' 
 `` she was wounded . 
 almost bled out . 
 you can do the rest of the math , i 'd imagine . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 well , you 're right about the one thing . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` this is frigging complicated . '' 
 josh shrugged . 
 he turned to rejoin the others , and was gone . 
 wallace was left to measure out his wretchedness alone . 
 ۞ maeve sat on a grassy patch next to a random stream in the midst of what was designated as a meditation area . 
 she did n't feel particularly reflective , but it was better than sitting around staring at walls all day . 
 most of her free time had been spent looking for her friends , who had been nowhere to be found , so she 'd given up . 
 she yawned and fell back into the pillowy green , thinking for the dozenth time how odd it was to have grass in the vacuum of space . 
 exhaustion wracked her body , she could n't even think of the last time she 'd had an uninterrupted stretch of sleep . 
 if she closed her eyes for just a bit , maybe the sensation would let up a little . 
 the ground was so soft . 
 maybe it was synthetic dirt . 
 it was too nice to be real . 
 it was n't real . 
 she sat up . 
 the grass was something she had created . 
 her hands erased it as quickly as it had appeared , leaving behind the scorched sands of the beach she had landed on . 
 this too was a construct , but it was where she needed to be . 
 she knew she could not let herself slip into false comfort . 
 it was interesting that she had sought out the nimitz as a place of refuge , though . 
 the ghost was still there , barely visible , until she focused on it . 
 gradually , it became more tangible . 
 it was neither male nor female , though she knew that was because she had never cared to speculate . 
 `` you were not to blame . '' 
 had that ever been the question , she wondered ? 
 must have been , at least for a bit . 
 `` i know . 
 i 've got plenty of other issues to lay blame on myself for . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 this was n't quite the discussion she needed . 
 it was only just so productive to carry on conversations with oneself . 
 `` i ought to go . 
 there are things i need to look at . '' 
 `` do not forget to speak to those whom you must . '' 
 `` yes , thanks . 
 fly away now ... . '' 
 she saw her own smile in the hazy face , as small wings unfurled and carried the small figure up beyond the smoke and ruin . 
 she looked beyond the fires . 
 it was time to deprive them of fuel . 
 she walked through the flames , feeling the intensity of heat and pain , and came out on the other side . 
 it was still night there , but the stars were out , and crickets sang . 
 this was the place . 
 it had been too easy to hide from that night for so long , to keep the memory contained on this burning atoll . 
 her feet moved on their own , guided by her unspoken directive . 
 there were other ghosts yet to be faced . 
 these had been real men and women , who had crowded her dreams on endless nights . 
 she moved through familiar landscape ; wispy and dry prairie grass , ankle high pricklypear , loosestrife , and pigweed . 
 the moon was full , as ever , as it had been . 
 gemini and cancer were center in the northern horizon . 
 she knew why she had noticed it then . 
 it was a stupid detail to have clung to . 
 she had already told fergus to leave by then . 
 one more regret . 
 there was a long list . 
 ۞ julieta had been running for an hour when she 'd seen the lone figure at the far end of the track . 
 she squinted , seeing a female form with long black hair . 
 hmm . 
 not who she 'd been hoping to see , but she slowed and stopped as she came around the turn anyway . 
 `` you are julieta ? '' 
 the other woman was not human . 
 her skin was like alabaster , painted all over by lacey purple veins . 
 `` i apologize , my name is sa’andy madoc . '' 
 she held out her hand . 
 `` you . 
 you 're the one ? 
 i thought ... nobody told me you were here , on the nimitz . '' 
 `` ah , yes . 
 i asked to keep that quiet . 
 selective information sharing , you know . 
 i thought it might be time for us to talk , however . '' 
 she smiled . 
 julieta felt a pang of loneliness roll through her midsection . 
 how long had it been since someone had looked at her like that and meant it ? 
 `` has any information come through ? 
 mrs. han started having trouble with her channel . '' 
 `` sorry about that . 
 my fiancé might be the reason for that . 
 rather , he 's had to put that into place after what happened with the doctor . '' 
 `` right . 
 i guess we should have figured that out . 
 who 's your fiancé ? '' 
 `` station commander . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 julieta was suddenly nervous and pissed . 
 she tried to decide what her next move would be , but sa’andy held up a hand . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 he does n't know everything , but he 's getting there . 
 he will be on the right side of things once he does , though . '' 
 `` yeah , sorry , i do n't have the luxury of waiting around to find out for sure . 
 we 're going to have to get the hell out of this place before things get out of hand . '' 
 `` i think it may be too late for that . 
 we have it from a reliable source that warden has sent an operative . 
 here . '' 
 `` damn it . 
 how long ago ? '' 
 `` this individual may have left earth approximately when you did . '' 
 sa’andy felt the other woman 's surge of alarm . 
 it was palpable . 
 `` someone could be here , on the station ... right now ? '' 
 julieta felt the exhilaration of logging seven miles fade away , leaving a sick pit in her gut . 
 `` how much do we assume they know ? '' 
 `` the doctor sent a detailed message about everyone who was on that container . 
 we can only hope that they do n't know about you and wallace . '' 
 `` like that 's any comfort ? 
 jeez . 
 do we know anything about this ` operative ' ? '' 
 `` the only thing i could pick up was that a cruise ship stopped here , and a day or two later , found a dead woman on board . 
 she 'd been killed in a way that suggests it was done by someone who 's done it before . '' 
 `` oh my god ... . '' 
 julieta sounded aghast . 
 sa’andy opened her mouth to elaborate , thinking julieta was reacting to the news . 
 then she frowned , seeing julieta looking off into the distance over her shoulder . 
 sa’andy turned . 
 four security personnel were walking up to them . 
 `` sorry , dr. madoc . 
 colonel wants you and the young lady here to come with us back to ops . '' 
 a gunnery sergeant was the lead ; unmoved by their questions , he and the others led the two women on their way . 
 ۞ it was a long walk back to the operations forward deck . 
 for everyone . 
 tark directed the others into a conference room , while he and dmitry closeted themselves in his office . 
 `` this is a charlie foxtrot of the highest order . '' 
 tark hardly knew where to start in the process of unscrewing the situation . 
 `` ya think ? 
 what else did the general tell you , by the way ? 
 i know you 're holding out . '' 
 `` she 's still operating under the theory that this container story is a blind for something else . 
 those guys were n't wrong about some shadow group maneuvering , though . 
 the kinds of strings that would have to get pulled to erase an identity ... wipe out a dna record , i mean , that 's crazy on its own . '' 
 `` mithraic alliance , though ? 
 have you ever heard of it ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not that my lack of knowledge indicates anything . 
 general also says that this kun fellow is clean , but here 's the kicker . 
 mrs. han is his sister . '' 
 `` interesting . 
 i suppose that explains a little , and creates about a million more questions . 
 how the hell are we going to handle this ? 
 i know we said we 'd shelter these people , but we 've got a whole flipping station packed to the gills to think about . '' 
 dmitry was pacing back and forth . 
 he could n't help it . 
 too much adrenaline left unspent . 
 `` i know . 
 and you know that over half of this place is filled with men and women who took an oath to defend ... . '' 
 `` yeah , against all enemies , foreign and domestic . '' 
 `` it 's the domestic part that 's giving me agita right now . '' 
 tark rubbed his sternum . 
 `` or it might be that i have n't eaten since early this morning . '' 
 there was a sharp rap at the door , followed by the customary request to enter . 
 it sounded like the gunny tark had sent to track down sa’andy . 
 he unlocked the door . 
 gunny thabano was standing practically inside the doorframe . 
 dmitry choked back a chuckle ; the guy must have had his nose to the door . 
 `` i hope you had success , thabano . '' 
 tark shot a stern look over his shoulder to dmitry , and mouthed to him ; stop laughing ! 
 `` yes , sir , we did . 
 we located dr. madoc , and the other female . '' 
 `` quick work . 
 well done . '' 
 `` it was no difficulty , sir . 
 they were together at the running track . '' 
 together ? 
 tark was beginning to be unsurprised by anything , and was glad they were both in one piece . 
 his fiancée , on the other hand , was still apparently declining to divulge everything . 
 it was time to lay everything on the table . 
 if he was going to help , he needed to know everything . 
 `` very well . 
 i need you to send a detail to mrs. han 's theater , the guys there will need a relief . 
 hand deliver this to her as well . '' 
 he gave thabano a tablet . 
 the other man looked at the device dubiously . 
 `` humor me . 
 i 'm going to be hard on the side of caution for a while . '' 
 `` aye , sir . '' 
 `` dismissed . '' 
 tark returned the gunny 's salute . 
 thabano exited , barking out orders to his subordinates , and left with the kind of intense purpose that tark loved to witness . 
 `` i guess we 'd better get this dog and pony show organized . '' 
 `` what about maeve ? '' 
 `` i 'll leave that up to you . '' 
 the two men , longtime friends , stood face to face . 
 dmitry searched for something reasonable to say ; tark held up a hand . 
 `` look , i do n't know what your long-term plans are with her ... . '' 
 `` whoa , slow down . '' 
 `` let me finish . 
 i 'm only trying to say that , whatever you decide to do , whatever she decides to do ... she 's had a good effect on you . 
 and possibly vice versa . '' 
 tark decided not to mention that he thought his friend might possibly be in love . 
 that sort of philosophizing usually only sent dmitry into panic mode . 
 better to let him figure it out for himself . 
 dmitry was trying to avoid the question of anything serious in his mind . 
 the sensation of being gut punched on first seeing maeve lying in a bloody mess had not gone away . 
 he 'd simply allowed undiluted rage to cover up the emotional reaction . 
 the rest was left to sit and repeatedly remind him that he wanted to go and be with her . 
 possibly it would be easier to ignore this insistent voice if tark had not just suggested the same thing . 
 `` let 's get it over with . '' 
 he followed tark out the door . 
 they crossed the vast space of the operations deck . 
 dozens of men and women attended to the myriad of data , algorithms , communications traffic , and countless other details pursuant to the smooth functioning of the nimitz . 
 not one of them had stopped to cast curious glances at the strange parade of unfamiliar faces earlier , nor did they interrupt their work now . 
 tark breathed deeply , wondering how long this illusion could hold up . 
 he and dmitry walked into the conference room . 
 in contrast to the tranquility without , everyone in the room was worked up . 
 the noise level rose and fell , particularly when they noticed that the station 's commander had rejoined them . 
 leif sat on the far side of the room . 
 wallace was nearest the door . 
 probably best if those two kept their distance . 
 `` alright . 
 we need to get everything out in the open . '' 
 he leaned on the large persimmon wood table running the length of the space . 
 `` i want to help . 
 i ca n't do that if i 'm operating in the dark . '' 
 no one spoke right away . 
 clearly something else was on their minds . 
 `` we 're leaving . 
 forty-eight hours . '' 
 julieta was grim , determined . 
 `` now , how the hell are you going to do that ? 
 that little skiff of yours will hold four , five max . 
 you ca n't do atmospheric reentry with an overload . '' 
 `` we 'll buy something . 
 we 're prepared for that eventuality . '' 
 `` give me a break . 
 you might as well do low orbit parachuting . 
 which , i have to imagine , none of you is trained for . '' 
 `` staying here is out of the question , you know that , colonel . 
 do n't try to tell me you were going to say something else . 
 besides , we only came to get them , '' julieta indicated her friends , `` and we were going to leave anyway . '' 
 she tried not to let on that she 'd failed to calculate weight load . 
 it was embarrassing . 
 `` your plan lacks several key factors , fervor notwithstanding . 
 you 'll take one of ours . '' 
 he held up a hand to quiet them . 
 `` it 'll have the benefit of being registered legally , and your pilot will be one of my people . 
 she 'll be able to slip past the watchful eyes that seem to be everywhere right now . '' 
 he 'd thought this through now about seven or eight times . 
 it made sense . 
 there were plenty of men and women he trusted wholly , but he 'd picked bijul nandra to pilot . 
 she was the best , most resourceful , wiliest he had . 
 she 'd trained as a fighter , moved to blockade running , and when that had died out , she 'd settled in as a trainer . 
 ۞ bijul nandra was in the hangar bay , staring at the container , or what was left of it . 
 colonel tarkington had given orders for it to be dismantled and scrapped . 
 the engineers team had happily taken plasma torches to the thing and reduced it to three neatly stacked piles of metal . 
 soon , it would become something else , and disappear entirely into the station . 
 the rest of the massive bay housed craft that were in need of repair , or like her own , used as training aids . 
 after a few minutes of contemplation , she left the scrap heap and walked over to her personal craft , a harrier armour-class . 
 she ran her hand over her call sign , `` bijoux '' , wondering if she 'd ever get to fly it again , much less see action . 
 captain nandra , best-ever ... it was meaningless in these times . 
 everyone wanted peace . 
 the colonel was one of these . 
 he did n't have the temperament for making ugly decisions . 
 he wanted to trust , to see the light at the end of the dark expanse ... to bijul , she already understood these things to be unknowable . 
 trust was worthless . 
 hope was for the weak . 
 she had been raised to be a warrior , in spite of her family 's history . 
 war was the great equalizer , the cleansing force that could destroy the old and usher in the new . 
 colonel tarkington might not understand that now , but he would , eventually . 
 he 'd asked bijul to help prevent war , to keep the status quo intact . 
 if she understood the situation correctly , she was to deliver a group of individuals back to earth , that they might fulfill just that mission . 
 her blockade running tactics were what recommended her for the task , of course . 
 the other concept that the colonel could not grasp was that not everyone had a charmed existence such as his . 
 bijul had fought all her life for every rung of the ladder she 'd climbed . 
 from her father 's mother , bibi , she 'd listened to stories of the caste system , of which her family had once been in the lowest rank . 
 only willingness to do battle had freed them of low-caste status , while a larger-scale fight had broken the caste system entirely . 
 bibi was the one who had told her all the stories of long struggles and persecutions . 
 it had been she who had given bijul an engraved gold bracelet with the words of guru gobind singh carefully etched on the inside . 
 ` when all efforts to restore peace prove useless and no words avail , lawful is the flash of steel , it is right to draw the sword . '' 
 ۞ maeve continued over the vast , rolling prairie-scape , not knowing when she might encounter what she expected to be there . 
 she sensed that she was putting it off , trying to erase it in spite of herself . 
 the moon was now a thin sliver , as it had been that night , and the wide missouri was barely tangible . 
 there was nothing . 
 the earth was devoid of those fearsome memories . 
 it was emptied of the dead . 
 she had been so certain that they would still be here . 
 that had been the reason why she 'd avoided sleep for so long , but now ... nothing . 
 she squinted into the distance . 
 there was an inky shape , its form pricked out by tiny lights . 
 it was a bunker . 
 her breath caught in her chest . 
 this did not belong here . 
 it was not of her making . 
 and yet , she knew it was where she had to go . 
 cold air knifed at her as she walked blindly in the dark . 
 every step confirmed that it was not of her making ; she could not affect it . 
 she could not change it , nor draw it nearer . 
 it waited , willfully . 
 she began to truly feel its magnetic pull on her , and realized that she had felt it all this time . 
 it had been pulling on her for hundreds and thousands of nights of sleep . 
 maeve knew , once she entered it , she would be under that influence . 
 a foreign control , something that had been placed in her mind without her consent . 
 she endured the uncomfortable twinges and prickling of anxiety . 
 it was difficult to discern whether this was the result of her unconscious mind trying to protect her . 
 perhaps it was only the same weakness that had assailed her that night . 
 she willed her mind to be still ; this was an order it was used to defying . 
 without warning , she found herself inside . 
 it was brilliantly lit , impossible to see . 
 everything was blindingly white . 
 she felt that it would be impossible to ever see again . 
 gradually , though , the glare began to subside . 
 the room she found herself in was empty , aside from a dentist-style chair in the middle of it . 
 a female figure was reclined in the chair , wearing headphones and an elaborate pair of dark glasses . 
 maeve looked more closely . 
 not glasses . 
 some kind of visor , really , that covered the woman 's eyes completely . 
 she felt the ground shift under her feet , as though a minor earthquake had just grazed them . 
 she walked closer to the chair . 
 the female did not move . 
 only by the rise and fall of her chest did maeve know that this was meant to be a living person . 
 now only mere inches away , she looked over this prone form and saw what she had been hoping not to see . 
 a tattoo on the inside of the left wrist . 
 it was normally covered up by a watchband or bracelet . 
 the walls heaved and rumbled . 
 she could not tell from where this seismic activity originated . 
 as if guided by a directive , she saw herself reaching for the unmoving body stretched out before her . 
 the shaking of the beneath her feet began to intensify , but she could not divert her hand . 
 only slightly did she touch that wrist , to see if the image of a world tree could be smudged away . 
 but on the moment of that contact , the woman sat upright , and the tremors swelled in earnest . 
 the bunker began to disintegrate around them . 
 maeve looked down ; the other woman had a fierce and painful grip on her . 
 images began to flood her mind . 
 unreality fell away . 
 and she arrived back where she had started . 
 ۞ dmitry had been sitting in maeve 's room for several hours . 
 she was out cold , which was both deliberate and a blessing . 
 medicine being what it was , she 'd be back on her feet in a day or so , no worse for wear . 
 but the fact that she was unaware of what was going on ... that was the lucky thing for right now . 
 he was having difficulty imagining what her reaction would be to the news that her friends had chosen to go back planetside . 
 even more difficult , they 'd be preparing to see through some mission that he still had trouble believing was plausible or logical . 
 he 'd thought it up , down , and sideways , even taking tark 's confirmation into account . 
 secret societies were not something he 'd spent much time worrying about before . 
 sure , he 'd heard stories now and then . 
 it was hardly a new concept . 
 in fact , having looked at the origins of the mithras cult , it was probably as old as humanity itself . 
 tark saw in this an opportunity to nip a problem in the bud . 
 he had convinced himself that this was a matter of preventing something worse down the line . 
 dmitry was having trouble getting his head around the idea that a shadow organization was planning on starting some , what , galactic war ? 
 the terran system was dependent on a lively trade interaction . 
 he could n't see it . 
 now , civil war , on the other hand , that made perfect sense . 
 get rid of opposition , isolationism settles in , tyranny rules ... he smacked a hand to his head . 
 the mithras thing had its roots in roman culture . 
 romans had loved to kill their own citizens , had n't they ? 
 had even given it a nice official name . 
 state approved murder , proscription . 
 it was a popular tactic throughout history . 
 wipe out those who oppose , control through fear and ignorance . 
 he tried to think of an old quote that niggled at the back of his memory , though he could not remember its source . 
 `` war is peace . '' 
 tark was so set on preventing a larger scale calamity that he had missed the more reasonable scenario . 
 dmitry thought it unlikely that he would be swayed to change his mind now . 
 too many others believed the same thing to be true . 
 it just made more sense . 
 the doctor and all her ranting , what had she been ranting about ? 
 outsiders , non-humans . 
 they did n't want to destroy other species . 
 they wanted to pull back to a time before there was intermingling , maybe . 
 they could push everyone out , keep trade regulated at the boundaries of the system ... . 
 on the surface , it sounded far too complex , dmitry realized that . 
 enacting such a plan would be far more difficult than open hostilities , but the end result was far cleaner . 
 there were too many fronts to consider for large scale war , at least from a control perspective . 
 control was the end result ; dmitry felt that this had to be true . 
 otherwise , why would n't have there already been bombings , attacks , acts against non-humans ? 
 no , it had remained under the surface , if all this mithraic alliance talk was to be believed . 
 to him , that pointed far more readily to the preparations for an internalized plot . 
 he went back to watching maeve . 
 this cloak and dagger sort of thing was not his milieu . 
 paranoia was a destructive force , along with its companions of doubt and fear . 
 he could see the façade of peacetime duty rippling , showing what was hidden behind . 
 what would the nimitz resemble in a time of war ? 
 or a worse scenario , under martial law ? 
 it was a massive hulking presence in the system , a symbol of prosperity and stability . 
 would it be used as a tool for propaganda ? 
 would it become a contention point , at which time its destruction would be inevitable ? 
 dumbly , dmitry realized that he had debated himself into belief . 
 he took in a lungful of air and puffed his cheeks out as he exhaled . 
 maeve slept on . 
 distraction was the only option left , so he devoted his attention to studying her . 
 her hair was completely fine , each strand so thin he could hardly see just one . 
 she 'd braided it , the results of which still lay in a thick plait over her shoulder . 
 long bangs covered her ears . 
 he carefully tucked the hair away , smiling at tiny bright purple hoops through her lobes . 
 wherever she was in her dreams , she was not completely at peace . 
 this did not surprise him . 
 she was not a restful sleeper , by her admission and his own observations . 
 now that he knew what had been done to her , it seemed a small miracle that she could ever rest at all . 
 he took her hand , shaking his head at the hematite-colored varnish on her nails , and the stack of multi-colored string bracelets around her wrist . 
 absently , he pushed these around in a circular motion , and then paused . 
 curious , he pushed the bracelets apart . 
 funny that he 'd not seen it before . 
 she had a tattoo of a small tree . 
 he wondered what it symbolized . 
 ۞ tark was on the observation deck , trying to find some center of calm . 
 the windows where he stood overlooked the civilian traffic areas outside the station , normally incredibly busy . 
 at this time , it was completely still . 
 he looked out , beyond the edges of the nimitz , into the still untamed reaches of space . 
 this was the calm he wished for . 
 for nothingness to occupy his mind , to stare into the heart of eternity , and be at peace . 
 it was a dangerous desire . 
 he realized this . 
 after fifteen years in space , he 'd seen his share of crack-ups . 
 they all had . 
 places like the nimitz were n't as challenging to the psyche . 
 it was the deep space duty postings , or as had been the case with dmitry , the endless patrols . 
 dmitry had n't cracked up , he chided himself . 
 he 'd self-destructed . 
 there would n't have been a place for dmitry to come back to if he had lost it completely . 
 he found himself wondering about maeve , though . 
 had she come back from a place like that ? 
 self-destruction ? 
 it was certainly possible that she had . 
 he had some doubts about how far she might have come , how far from the edge she truly was . 
 at the moment , maeve was unaware that this wallace fellow and his partner , or whatever she was , were there . 
 nor did she know that there was a plan in progress to return them all to earth , much less to enact some mission . 
 it was true that he wished to avoid , or at least forestall , violence and war . 
 tark had joined the military believing that it was possible to function as a peacekeeper . 
 he was fully invested in the philosophy of offering protection , aid , and comfort to those who could not defend themselves . 
 this had been his guidepost along the length of his career ; to which he suspected his posting to the nimitz had been due in part . 
 now , he looked into the distance between the nimitz and earth . 
 he did see war looming . 
 what bothered him was that he could not put his finger onto it precisely . 
 it was difficult to determine from what quarter it might arise , and to where it might spread . 
 he 'd never been skilled at ground tactics ; a failing he was more than willing to admit . 
 that was dmitry 's area of expertise , and he was more than happy to let his friend run that end of things . 
 tark was actually a bit surprised that dmitry had n't come looking for him to dissect the latest developments . 
 perhaps things were moving a bit too swiftly , even for dmitry 's quick mind . 
 `` jorge ? '' 
 a quiet voice broke into his ruminating . 
 he turned around to find sa’andy . 
 she was standing with her hands clasped behind her back , a sheepish look carefully arranged on her pretty features . 
 `` you do n't need to apologize anymore . 
 i think we pretty well covered apologies last night ... . '' 
 he smiled tiredly and put his arms around her . 
 `` if i had told you everything , this might not have happened , though . '' 
 `` we ca n't undo what 's been done . '' 
 only to maeve , he thought . 
 jemila solomon was lost to time ; snatched up by the desolate jaws of death . 
 `` i know this . 
 it 's just that it seems for every bit of information we do not see how to interpret , something goes terribly wrong . 
 perhaps i ought to ignore my directives from now on ... that 's all i meant . '' 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 `` the general 's aide de camp is one of the resistance . 
 we ... um , they , try to have someone with every senior official , if possible . 
 we have to imagine that the other side is doing the same . '' 
 `` this sounds like the lead-in to a complicated joke : ` we know that they know , that i know ' . '' 
 `` it does get a bit tangled at times . 
 do n't even get me started on how hard it is to make sure we do n't have someone working both sides . '' 
 `` sa’andy . '' 
 his voice was calm , but she recognized the edge to it and winced . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` just how involved are you ? 
 miss i 'm - not-read-into-everything ? '' 
 `` i might be in a little tiny bit deeper than i said i was . '' 
 `` are you my shadow ? 
 is that why you came here ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 i was sent here , it 's true , but you have someone else . 
 not me . 
 it never had anything to do with our relationship . '' 
 `` who is my shadow ? '' 
 he pressed a little harder , knowing it was pointless . 
 `` i ca n't tell you right now . 
 it would compromise everything . '' 
 `` do you suppose that hawke was theirs , then ? '' 
 `` we never determined that to a certainty . 
 she did n't seem to be what i would call ... bright ... enough ? 
 if they do have someone aboard already , they 're heavily invested , and that 's why an outside operative was sent in to clean things up . '' 
 `` a sleeper ? 
 you think there might be a sleeper agent here ? '' 
 `` at a minimum . 
 i 'm sorry , jorge , any timeline or idea of what we thought might come to pass has pretty well blown up in our faces . '' 
 `` merde . 
 and here , dmitry and i were just commenting on how the nimitz is a safe haven . '' 
 `` my love , if a move is made to begin hostilities , i think we can expect the alliance to attempt to acquire this base as rote . '' 
 ۞ maeve looked down at her hand and wrist , which was a mirror of the one holding her . 
 she pulled to no avail . 
 the tremors all around them rose and swelled in a concerto of destruction . 
 the bunker continued its collapse . 
 suddenly , maeve realized her hand was freed ; she covered her ears to the deafening roar that swirled all around , only to cry out in pain a moment later . 
 falling , helpless , she found herself pinned under the rubble that had been a building . 
 she knew it was something in and of her mind , but she could not shift any of it . 
 a scrabbling noise caught her attention . 
 the other woman ... the other her ... was standing up out of the dust , pulling off the mask and headphones . 
 it was her , but not her . 
 like a sketch of her , a maeve replica , smudged around the edges and incomplete . 
 this other maeve was a two-dimensional manikin , a golem created from mud and terror . 
 she came close to maeve , staring into her with brackish eyes that would not focus , burning between them like wet wood instead . 
 `` mission initiation commenced . 
 activation complete . '' 
 maeve was afraid to respond . 
 she did n't understand what was happening . 
 she was trapped still under the debris , paralyzed by uncertainty . 
 the golem scowled at her , pressing a strange , too-long finger into her shoulder . 
 `` owner : confirmed . 
 incapacity : confirmed . 
 mission initiation complete . '' 
 the false maeve stood back up , and turned to the direction from which the true maeve had come . 
 she was going to go back , and leave maeve behind . 
 panic crept in . 
 `` wait ! 
 stop , deactivate ! '' 
 the false her turned her head back , slightly . 
 `` command not recognized . 
 password not given . '' 
 she moved away from maeve as if she had taken flight . 
 an instant later , she was a speck in the distance . 
 maeve was alone in a dark wasteland ; the stars had all blinked out and the crickets had deserted her . 
 she could feel a scream rising , powerless against it ; she let it out until she felt it exhaust itself . 
 ۞ dmitry yawned and stood . 
 maeve was still swaddled in her drugged cocoon , so he decided to go off to find tark . 
 a great many thoughts had been pushing their way past any sleep he might have otherwise got , anyway . 
 he leaned over maeve , and gently kissed her forehead . 
 `` happy healing . 
 i 'll be back soon , '' he whispered in her ear , wondering whether he was actually telling the truth . 
 he turned to walk out , leaving her lying still . 
 the door clicked softly shut , so softly it was barely noticeable , but her eyes flew open . 
 ۞ it seemed that sleep was not going to cooperate with any of them . 
 mrs. han had opened her doors to leif , grace , antonio , and josh , hoping to offer some comfort . 
 instead , they had all sat in utter silence for approximately three hours before trickling down to the street outside . 
 unspoken consensus led them to a rowdy irish pub , fish and chips , and plenty of beer in which to cry . 
 `` this has pretty well gone to shit . '' 
 leif was staring at a plate of haddock . 
 josh leaned over . 
 `` what 's wrong with it ? '' 
 `` not that , you idiot . '' 
 `` oh , right . 
 well ... she 's going to be okay . 
 the rest ... i do n't know . 
 of us all , i never expected jemi to be the one ... . '' 
 `` she was a civilian . '' 
 leif shrugged under the weight of responsibility , misplaced as it was . 
 `` she was not a civilian . 
 she was n't like us , but ... well , she was n't just your average college recruit either . 
 the cia had found her , brought her in , and trained her up . 
 i guess it did n't go too well . 
 she was n't really happy with the spook lifestyle , you know ? '' 
 they all stared at grace , who was mashing her chips with a fork . 
 `` when the hell did you find that out ? '' 
 `` um , like the second day i knew her . 
 what ? 
 y ' all were a little preoccupied . '' 
 she pointed her fork back and forth from leif to josh to wallace . 
 `` i second that . 
 sorry , i know i came in late to things , but some of us were doing things that did n't involve babysitting a catatonic chick . '' 
 the steely look in julieta 's eye did n't invite argument . 
 `` we had our reasons . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 `` i 'm not going to sit around trying to rationalize what i did or did n't do . 
 we were all trying to survive , if you recall . '' 
 they did recall . 
 at least from the time they 'd come into the project , they 'd all been trying to get by . 
 leif jabbed his finger into the tabletop between them all . 
 `` that 's what we ought to think about . 
 how many times have we been targeted ? 
 we did n't even really know what was going on . '' 
 he heaved a huge sigh and rubbed his forehead vigorously . 
 `` he 's right . 
 imagine where we 'd be if they 'd managed to carry out the rest of the conditioning process ? '' 
 `` aside from dead ? '' 
 `` yeah , but we got pulled out , told we were ` safe ' from the bad guys , and given a new mission . 
 here 's what i have to wonder ... do we think that the quote-unquote bad guys never went back to try again ? '' 
 `` you think this alliance group is them ? 
 the baddies ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 it was n't really clear who was trying to carry out that original programming . 
 nobody would tell us anything . 
 they just told me that they 'd ` found ' maeve in a tiny facility in the middle of nowhere , and rescued her . 
 they basically dumped her through the door , and left . 
 no medical treatment , no nothing . 
 all i had was their word to go by . '' 
 `` you never told us that . '' 
 `` gracie , we were in the middle of nowhere ourselves ... the arctic to our right , our own devices to the left . 
 just like an experiment . '' 
 leif paused to let that sink in . 
 `` i had a strong feeling that if i shared my suspicions around , things might get worse . 
 i ... did n't want them to take her again . '' 
 `` what made you think it was an experiment ? '' 
 antonio tried to laugh it off , but he felt a cold stone of doubt slither through his gut . 
 `` aside from being trapped in an icy hellhole ? '' 
 this theory was nothing new to josh . 
 he and leif had sorted out their thoughts on it some time ago . 
 `` we were handpicked . 
 sent to an isolated location . 
 there were cameras everywhere . '' 
 as leif spoke , grace sat back in shock . 
 apparently she had never noticed . 
 `` but it was what went on at night that really convinced me . 
 i never dreamt , not once , while we were there . 
 i 'd put my head down and come to after what seemed like five minutes , every night , like clockwork . 
 tell me any of you had a different experience . '' 
 no one said anything . 
 `` we could n't figure it at first , and we did n't want to say anything . 
 it was too chancy . 
 the best we can figure is that we were being drugged or put into a hypnotic state . 
 maeve was the only one who never was affected . 
 she 'd already been through the whole process , which of course , we did n't know then either . '' 
 `` you 're implying that we 've all been fully programmed . 
 how would that work , especially now ? 
 any trigger has surely got to be long lost by now . '' 
 antonio felt both relieved and unsettled by the thought . 
 `` maybe . 
 unless someone has that information . 
 it 's probably not that alliance bunch they were telling us about , though . 
 otherwise they would have just flipped the switch and used us . '' 
 a million thoughts were running rampant through leif 's mind . 
 he was worried about their end of things , obviously . 
 no denying that they might be in danger , even if the reason for it seemed a little loopy . 
 the real concern was the unknown . 
 he 'd never managed to figure out what had actually been done to maeve . 
 that had been part of the reason why he 'd never wanted to talk about it to everyone else . 
 insofar as most of their group had disliked wallace , they 'd been uncomfortable with maeve . 
 she 'd been like a worrisome thorn in their collective paw . 
 even he had been worried , afraid of what she might do , but only because he had seen first-hand every stage of her unraveling . 
 he 'd been the one to pick her up out of the dirt and carry her back . 
 it had been into his ear that she had spoken all her secrets . 
 when she 'd disappeared , he had gone looking for her . 
 likewise , when she had been brought to him at his remote new `` posting '' , he had n't questioned anything . 
 not until so many other people had arrived had he thought twice about his supposed duty at a listening station . 
 by the time maeve had resurfaced , he 'd almost convinced himself that she was dead . 
 it would n't have been the first time someone killed in action had been swept under the rug . 
 but no . 
 two men in fatigues had brought her to him . 
 they 'd had no insignia , no names ... just a report , and they were gone again . 
 she 'd been in tough shape , if not physically , then in every other way . 
 maeve would n't speak to him , would n't respond to his questions ... not even when he 'd tried force . 
 that had been the worst moment , realizing that she was so gone that she would n't or could n't react to a slap in the face . 
 he 'd put her to bed then , and pretty well left her alone , until josh had magically appeared . 
 just like that , in the middle of the night , someone new to keep company . 
 `` you ca n't let her stay like this . '' 
 `` i feed her , do the other stuff ... i do n't know what else to do . 
 i 'm not a nurse . '' 
 `` yeah ... i was a corpsman . 
 wan na let me have a look ? '' 
 that had been the first hint . 
 leif had stifled the urge to look for cameras right then , thinking how perfect it was that josh had happened to arrive . 
 `` what 's your mos now ? '' 
 `` oh , you caught that , ha ! 
 finished my degree and moved up in the world . 
 sorta . 
 i do counseling . '' 
 he 'd missed leif 's sharp intake of breath . 
 `` they sent me here , said this would be a therapeutic facility . '' 
 it had taken several weeks for leif to be sure that josh was being honest . 
 in that time , josh had developed his own suspicions . 
 they only ever shared their thoughts when they could slip past what they hoped was the outside edge of surveillance . 
 by then , everyone else had arrived , and seemed oblivious to anything strange or ominous . 
 as leif had observed slowly , he 'd seen that none of them had families . 
 no outside attachments . 
 each had a particular skill set within which no one else overlapped . 
 by his reckoning , the only person who seemed not to fit the mold completely ... had been jemila . 
 it had never made sense to him why such a cheerful person had been in the midst of a group of introverted , anti-social misfits . 
 and now maeve was back in a mess . 
 things seemed to be going back to where they had been . 
 ۞ maeve sat up in her bed , slowly , carefully . 
 she was testing her limitations after fighting through the ether to get back to consciousness . 
 it had been difficult to get free . 
 she felt fragile and weak . 
 some of that must be the medications she 'd been given . 
 gradually , she started moving her toes , fingers , feet , legs , hands , arms ... everything worked . 
 bruises were fading from all over her body . 
 she peered down to where there had recently been a knife wound ; new skin stretched shiny and pink over it . 
 how long had she been asleep for ? 
 her fingers sought out the small probes stuck to her skin , pulling them off to drop onto the floor , one by one . 
 a light began to flash on the monitors , after which a nurse soon arrived . 
 she frowned at the sight of her patient sitting on the edge of the bed . 
 `` you 're supposed to sleep for another few hours . 
 let 's get you back relaxed and i 'll give you another dose of your meds . '' 
 maeve cocked her head ; acknowledging , but not looking . 
 `` i must decline treatment . 
 i wish to be released . '' 
 the nurse laughed in surprise . 
 `` um , i do n't know if i can authorize that . 
 if you leave against orders , i have to get one of the docs to sign off . 
 would n't you rather lie down and finish up ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i have to ... get back to my friends . '' 
 the word came off her tongue ponderously . 
 it was a foreign object in her mouth , and she wanted to pull it out , as if it was a stray hair . 
 the nurse shrugged and went off to look for the on-call . 
 she wondered whether this one had gotten a knock on the head . 
 she had the oddest way of talking . 
 ۞ dmitry had not found tark . 
 to be fair , he had n't looked terribly hard or long . 
 he was tired . 
 bed was seeming more and more to be the much smarter option . 
 by the time he 'd stopped walking , he was in the aquarium with no memory of how he 'd gotten there . 
 and there was a cup of coffee in his hand that he did n't really remember buying . 
 it was times like these that he missed an actual day to night progression . 
 even with the lights programmed to follow normal seasonal patterns , it was n't the same . 
 he missed sunset , the phases of the moon , and even thunderstorms . 
 he had to work hard at not letting the days become one massive blur . 
 when he thought it through , he realized that he 'd always tried to do that in the most backwards manner possible . 
 partying , women , fights ... it had been trying to feel alive through anesthesia . 
 he was n't certain where his future lay yet . 
 it had been difficult to reinvent himself after almost ruining his career . 
 tark had held his hand through most of that . 
 their friendship had survived all the storms and sabotage that dmitry could summon up . 
 where would it go if dmitry left ? 
 he was thinking about it , had been for a while . 
 the difficulty up until now had been that never-ending sense of obligation to tark . 
 it was like trying to please yet another parent in some ways . 
 he did know that his friend would be happy and wish him well if he got his own command . 
 the same might not hold true if dmitry left to go fight some shadow war . 
 where had that thought come from ? 
 it felt strange but not unwelcome . 
 after all , had n't he just been thinking that he was homesick , in a way ? 
 he did n't necessarily want to go back as a tag along to maeve and her motley crew , though . 
 that would be awkward in at least two ways . 
 wallace and leif . 
 the former was n't much of a problem , except that he was n't going away . 
 the latter , a problem . 
 the guy was an easy six foot seven . 
 dmitry remembered thinking initially that leif was n't too much bigger than he was , but that must have been wishful egotism . 
 plus , he was built like a rock wall , on top of being completely overprotective of maeve . 
 dmitry was beginning to suspect the guy was in love with her . 
 it was n't a completely crazy thought . 
 the question was how far it might have gone in days past . 
 she 'd told him a little about wallace , very little . 
 perhaps she had n't wanted to bring leif up , since he had been the one still around . 
 he suddenly realized that maeve did n't know that wallace was on the station . 
 she thought he was dead . 
 his head was swimming . 
 again , these thoughts seemed like they were coming from some unknown place . 
 hell , he 'd even been thinking that it was time for him to tell maeve about rebecca . 
 now there was a conversation he thought he 'd never have with anyone . 
 his first wife ... he 'd thought she would be the last , given how it ended . 
 what was he saying ? 
 she was the last . 
 he was n't interested in going down that road again . 
 he blinked . 
 he was in front of his own door . 
 still in uniform , he wondered how many salutes he might have missed while walking around in a stupor . 
 time to get some sleep , for god 's sake . 
 this was getting ridiculous . 
 ۞ maeve . 
 she reminded herself that this was who she was . 
 somewhere deep inside , she put her hands over her ears . 
 `` you 're not me ! '' 
 she screamed it as loud as she could . 
 the debris pinning her down shifted a tiny bit . 
 this was a good sign , so she set to work , putting all her strength behind freeing her legs . 
 she felt something stir within . 
 it was time to move . 
 she had to get to where she was meant to go . 
 first , however , she had to find the rest of her team . 
 they would certainly be up to date on any alterations to the mission . 
 she had not been able to watch them as closely as she would have liked . 
 the other , the weak one , had blocked her , somehow . 
 it was unanticipated . 
 even so , she had been able to sort out where she was . 
 another unexpected event . 
 she was not entirely sure how to get back to earth . 
 the on-call had signed her out , grudgingly . 
 she was no longer in any particular danger , health-wise . 
 he had tried , to no avail , to get hold of the station commander to let him know . 
 the nurse touched his elbow and whispered in his ear as maeve walked carefully out the door . 
 `` station xo was in here with her . 
 maybe try him ? '' 
 `` good idea . '' 
 he walked back into the nursing station and made the call . 
 maeve walked the corridors . 
 she had no idea where to go . 
 `` get out of my head . '' 
 maeve was beginning to feel pissed . 
 beyond pissed . 
 who the hell did this bitch think she was ? 
 and where the hell had she come from ? 
 she was n't an idiot , she knew it was n't a real person . 
 it too was a construct . 
 a something placed in her mind to do some sort of job . 
 a mission . 
 that 's what it was . 
 it was a sleeper , in the manner of which the old school spooks had always searched . 
 they 'd found a way , evidently . 
 what had they done to her ? 
 she could sense the other fighting in the distance . 
 no need for concern there . 
 she knew how to handle her if she got free . 
 it was in the programming . 
 `` maeve ? '' 
 there was someone standing in front of her . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` what are you doing out here ? 
 it 's dangerous . 
 we have n't caught the guy who hurt you . '' 
 the voice questioned her with some odd edge to his voice that she did not know how to classify . 
 she had forgotten ... not known ? 
 which was it ? 
 `` are you okay ? 
 you do n't look quite right . '' 
 `` i am well . 
 please direct me to ... my friends . '' 
 she had to search for that word . 
 my team had almost come out of her mouth , but she had known that this was not correct . 
 `` what ? 
 okay , alright , whatever . 
 they 're staying at the theater . 
 i 'll take you . '' 
 the someone , whose voice was familiar , began to walk . 
 clearly he expected her to follow , so she did . 
 `` i have to warn you , though , there are a couple new people with them . '' 
 `` people ? 
 such as ? '' 
 `` some people you may know . 
 look , i do n't want to get in the middle of anything . 
 i just wanted to help . '' 
 `` this information is not helpful . '' 
 `` now look , i know something is n't right with you . 
 you should n't have left the clinic . '' 
 he kept walking , though she could sense that he was ready to do something else . 
 `` i am well . '' 
 `` you said that already . 
 what 's going on with you ? '' 
 `` please direct me ... . '' 
 `` to your friends . 
 yeah , you already said that too . 
 what the hell is wrong with you ? '' 
 `` it 's not me . 
 that 's what 's wrong . 
 she does n't even know who you are . '' 
 maeve wanted to weep with frustration . 
 `` nothing is wrong . 
 i need to speak with them . '' 
 she finally categorized his voice . 
 he was the station 's executive officer , with whom the other had spent not insignificant time . 
 he would need to be disengaged . 
 she was in the process of calculating how best to rid herself of him when he stopped suddenly . 
 he remained motionless for a few moments , his back to her . 
 `` look , i do n't know where we 'll be in a week , let alone a year from now . 
 i 'm willing to take it day by day . '' 
 `` i do not follow your meaning . '' 
 he turned around heatedly . 
 she did not flinch . 
 `` i care about you , dammit ! 
 in spite of myself , and how outlandishly weird this whole situation is at moments ... you 're all i can think about . '' 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 she assessed and compared his words to her programmed responses . 
 `` you are attempting to distract or detain me . '' 
 the man became angry . 
 she could see in his eyes that she had been incorrect , but it was immaterial . 
 he was detaining her , even if unintentionally . 
 `` i 'm taking you back to the clinic . 
 something is not right with you . '' 
 he moved to put his hands on her , intending to heave her over his shoulder if necessary . 
 to his shock and dismay , she immediately blocked him . 
 in another second he was on his back , ears ringing . 
 he saw stars , he fancied . 
 she leaned over him , taking hold of his uniform collar tightly . 
 `` harming you is not necessary ... yet . 
 stand down . '' 
 `` maeve , what the hell ? '' 
 `` she is no longer ... i no longer care for you . '' 
 she turned on her heel quickly , and ran . 
 dmitry was left sitting on the ground . 
 in spite of himself , his cool exterior crumbled away , leaving behind a familiar darkness . 
 he indulged in several minutes ' worth of self-pity and bile as he slowly stood up . 
 he was n't sure whether he 'd cracked his head on the ground , or whether she 'd clipped him . 
 the world tilted a little , and he gingerly felt around to see where the damage was . 
 right temple , he found . 
 it throbbed when he touched it . 
 how in the hell had she gotten the drop on him like that ? 
 she should have been weak and woozy herself . 
 it was as though she 'd been possessed ... everything snapped back into focus . 
 `` shit . '' 
 he thought back to the last thing maeve had said . 
 how had she said it ? 
 she is no longer . 
 right after he 'd said her name . 
 he shook off the cobwebs and dug out his earpiece , jamming it into place . 
 `` get me the colonel , now . 
 i do n't care what he 's in the middle of , get him ! '' 
 ۞ it was approximately the middle of the night . 
 everyone had remained in mrs. han 's library after raiding her kitchen one last time . 
 they tried to sleep , with varying degrees of success . 
 worry and regret seemed to hang in the air ; together , they chased away any real chance of rest . 
 it seemed as though they 'd been there for hours , if not days , when mrs. han opened the door and walked in . 
 she turned and looked over her shoulder , waving at someone just outside . 
 after a moment , maeve walked in , and everyone sighed a tiny bit of relief . 
 it was short-lived . 
 `` our mission is active . '' 
 her face was unreadable . 
 wallace frowned in confusion . 
 he stood to make himself known to her , only to see leif frozen in pale dismay . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he found himself whispering for no apparent reason . 
 `` depending on how you look at it , nothing and everything . '' 
 cryptic as a cat , leif continued to watch her closely . 
 what else was new ? 
 wallace jumped nearly out of his skin . 
 maeve had materialized right next to him , looking at him both curiously and appraisingly . 
 `` you were thought to be dead . '' 
 `` that was probably a relief to you . '' 
 `` your statement is unsound emotionalism . 
 i am merely stating what a functional theory was . 
 it is irrelevant , in any case . 
 briefing and mobilization are primary . '' 
 she turned and faced the others . 
 `` who has the briefing ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 julieta twisted herself out of the chair into which she 'd been coiled . 
 she sized maeve up , wondering whether she 'd misjudged the other woman . 
 she seemed okay , and certainly sounded like she was ready to take command and lead them . 
 `` over here . '' 
 `` your tactical assessments are admirable . 
 who is the principal target ? '' 
 `` this guy . 
 robert warden . '' 
 julieta shoved a tablet over to maeve . 
 `` there is no photo . '' 
 `` we wo n't need it . 
 we have somebody who can identify him . '' 
 `` is this person on the ground with warden ? '' 
 `` affirmative . 
 he 'll stay with or near him as long as he can . '' 
 `` where is warden 's current location ? '' 
 `` we think here . 
 it 's his summer home , from what our source has told us . '' 
 julieta brought a map up on a larger viewscreen . 
 `` you can also see the other locations we know of where he either has operations , or else what one might call safe houses . '' 
 `` he will be here . '' 
 maeve had walked over to the map . 
 she touched a section in the mediterranean , enlarging it until a tiny aegean island was centered . 
 `` why there ? 
 his summer place is in the french alps , protected by high peaks ... it 's like a fortress . '' 
 `` he wishes to be found . 
 an island is easily defensible , but accessible . 
 ask your source what he knows about this place . '' 
 `` whoa , wait . 
 why would you assume he wants us to hunt him down ? 
 he sent someone to kill us . 
 that would indicate that he 'd rather keep us away . '' 
 `` a killer with his own agenda is what this guy sent . '' 
 antonio waved his own tablet at them . 
 `` are you hacking the station network ? '' 
 grace scrambled to peer over his shoulder . 
 `` i think all bets are off right now . 
 the colonel has a preliminary report on his desk , as it were , linking a murder onboard a tourist ship to what happened here . 
 the ship happened to make a layover here on the nimitz , on the day that the doctor ... you know . '' 
 he made a whooshing noise , moving his hand quickly at the same time . 
 `` great . 
 what kind of murder ? '' 
 `` well , signorina julieta , it 's a nasty little story . 
 victim was late thirties , female , strangled . 
 signs of sexual activity , but no confirmation on the nature of same . '' 
 `` what on earth does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means they do n't know when the activity took place yet . '' 
 `` but jemi was n't strangled . 
 why did they link it to her ? '' 
 `` a curious little thing . 
 dna found on scene , not belonging to the victim , not on file anywhere . '' 
 `` the invisible man . '' 
 `` not invisible . 
 maeve saw him . 
 you saw what he looked like , right ? '' 
 she was silent . 
 `` maeve ? '' 
 `` i must have informed the station authorities . 
 it is their responsibility now . 
 the only relevant fact from what took place and what assunta has added is that a killer with an obvious weakness was sent . 
 this indicates that his role may be to provide intelligence , more than to actually accomplish a set task . '' 
 `` you 're saying that he was sent to size us up ? '' 
 `` it seems likely . 
 he may even be a liability to this warden , in spite of whatever skills he has . 
 warden may have posited that , if his assassin succeeded , we were never a true threat anyway . 
 but now he knows that he should not underestimate us . '' 
 `` that would tend to imply that this warden person is possibly a lot more dangerous than we 've thought . '' 
 `` perhaps you ought to pay attention to your source , who seems to have no trouble in escaping warden 's watchful eye . '' 
 julieta 's gaze traveled down to the briefing materials , which included a quick update on boko 's movements . 
 she glanced over her shoulder at mrs. han . 
 the old woman gave a nervous shrug , and quickly left the room . 
 why had n't boko known anything concrete about this assassin ? 
 and while his grandfather had predicted his return , she was bothered by the timing . 
 had he gone to see kun because he felt threatened or in imminent danger , or was he playing both sides ? 
 she sighed and looked back at maeve . 
 even though she sounded reasonably rational and daresay , leaderly , there was something not quite right . 
 it was n't maeve herself giving the indication , though . 
 julieta had not known her well enough to know the difference there . 
 it was plain on wallace 's face , and leif 's as well , that something was up . 
 `` mrs. han said she 'd have some food waiting for us in the kitchen . 
 leif , could you give me a hand ? '' 
 he swiveled his head quickly , ready to voice dissent , until he caught julieta 's exaggerated eyeball rolling toward the door . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` we 'll be back in five minutes . '' 
 she waited until they were both in the hallway headed downstairs before pouncing . 
 `` alright , christensen . 
 what is up ? '' 
 `` hard to say for sure . '' 
 `` well , give it a try . '' 
 `` i think i mentioned that we were n't really sure what kind of programming she 'd been through . 
 when they dumped her up at the listening post ... i took it at face value . 
 it was n't until later , when everyone else started showing up with orders that i really began to wonder . '' 
 `` um , you lost me . '' 
 `` you 're not stupid . 
 none of us is . 
 all that crap we were told , about dodging some evil plan to turn us into super soldiers or whatever ? '' 
 `` you think we were being trained instead of saved ? '' 
 `` maybe not by the same people who got to maeve , but yes . 
 do you remember having a single dream at any point we were there ? 
 do you ? '' 
 he was stuck on this point . 
 part of him wished that someone would disagree . 
 he did n't want this to be their reality after all . 
 `` you ca n't expect me to remember that ! '' 
 `` we 're ticking bombs , jules . 
 maeve , on the other hand , is active . '' 
 `` what !? 
 crap on a cracker ... what the hell are we doing , should n't we stop her ? '' 
 `` how ? 
 we do n't know what she was programmed to do . 
 and regardless of what you might think , hurting her is not an option . '' 
 `` she must have gotten triggered during that attack . 
 warden would n't have done that intentionally ... it does n't make sense . 
 his intel must not be complete . '' 
 `` i would n't be so sure about that . 
 we 've got to try and talk about this with the others , though . 
 if i 'm right about us having been programmed at some point , she may be the one to know our triggers . '' 
 `` shit ... there 's no fighting against that . 
 what are we supposed to do ? '' 
 `` go along with it . 
 do n't fight her . 
 maybe she wo n't initiate anything if she sees we 're fully cooperating . '' 
 `` great . 
 then what do we do if she goes completely nuts ? '' 
 she noted the faintly stricken look on his face . 
 `` sorry , leif , but this is n't a frigging opera here . 
 we have to think about it . '' 
 `` somebody better be ready with a big dose of something to knock her out . '' 
 ۞ boko had received news from his grandfather . 
 things were not going according to plan anymore . 
 something had happened , and the others were coming back much earlier , en masse , while his own role was being rewritten . 
 `` i want you to come back here , boko , before he gets the news that they have left the nimitz . 
 it will be much more difficult for you to move freely once they have . 
 seek out a holiday , or an assignment that will take you away from his reach . '' 
 `` but who will finish my end of things ? '' 
 `` i will tell you that once you arrive . 
 please , just do as i ask . '' 
 so , he had . 
 he was on his way out of athens , carefully making sure that he was not being followed . 
 there had been a convenient flight out of the city , to within five hundred miles of his grandfather . 
 after that , he would make his way slowly , and cautiously . 
 it had n't been an easy thing to concoct a reason for leaving , either . 
 he 'd thought all night , and walked in to his office the next day without a single thought in mind . 
 providentially , or perhaps because grandfather had realized what a task he 'd set before his grandson , something had arrived just that morning . 
 a messenger was needed in the americas , someone highly trusted , to carry back to warden some documents and other materiel . 
 it was not to be given over to anyone outside the organization . 
 it could n't be trusted to the postal services with their invasive screening procedures . 
 no , it had to be given over by hand . 
 naturally , warden had looked immediately to his `` good friend '' and trusted colleague . 
 he had chosen boko so quickly , actually , that suspicion had arisen immediately in boko 's breast . 
 there had been fear and anger in that man 's mind as he had readied for his trip back to peru . 
 he had analyzed and rethought every moment of the conversation between warden and him . 
 one thought was that warden was testing him . 
 another was that , for all his black heart , warden might actually be naïve . 
 boko still walked with an eye permanently cast over his shoulder . 
 he decided to make his way to the mountains over the space of four days . 
 that would give the others enough time to make their way back planetside , while he could be completely sure to lose anyone who might be following . 
 he 'd emptied his apartment of personal effects before leaving , making sure to give no hint of being permanently gone . 
 most of his clothes were still there , as well as food , and plants . 
 all his photos and letters were with him , while souvenirs or other telling objects had been dumped anonymously at charities in the city . 
 he traveled lightly , carrying only a fifty-pound pack . 
 he would take public transportation as far as it could go , knowing that he would have to hike the rest of the route to the way station . 
 once he got there , someone could call grandfather , and he would finish the journey the way he had last time . 
 of course , last time , he 'd hired locals to drive him to the way station , and paid them generously to forget him . 
 this time , he could n't afford to part with money . 
 he 'd changed it all over to gold standard upon arriving in peru . 
 an extremely elderly man in a dingy storefront had accomplished this task , wordlessly calculating , running a tongue over toothless gums . 
 no questions , no refunds , no negotiating , and most of all , no identity check . 
 he made his way over the countryside to the still-vast forests . 
 the ayamara farmers barely paid him any heed as he passed through . 
 mountain climbers were still a regular sight . 
 the llamas were the only ones who paid him any mind . 
 they all trailed behind him , bleating wistfully for a treat . 
 he gave them slivers of the fruit that he 'd brought with him . 
 after that foolish move , they adored him over quite a distance before heeding the herder 's flute . 
 once they were gone , his only company was birds and monkeys . 
 they only watched him from a safe distance , sensing that he had nothing of interest for them . 
 ۞ she was still , buried , exhausted . 
 all the digging and scrabbling in the debris she 'd done had accomplished very little . 
 there was no budging the long beams of wood and piles of concrete pinning her down . 
 it was beginning to seem clear that she 'd been drawn into her subconscious by this other entity . 
 she still did not recollect how something as deliberate as this could have ended up in her brain . 
 maybe this was why her friends always seemed to be watching her , as if waiting for something . 
 yes , she had been lured in , and trapped , deliberately . 
 if this other ... thing ... could manipulate her mindscape , though , why should n't she be able to do the same ? 
 it was hers , after all . 
 the trick was figuring out how to exert that much control . 
 or maybe it was n't about a quantity . 
 she 'd put out the fire after all . 
 how had she done that ? 
 it worried her a little ; what if she had n't been the one to do it ? 
 had it been part of the lure ? 
 the biggest unknown , though , the fear that weakened her resolve , was what would happen once she got out . 
 what sort of battle might she face once she caught up with this invader ? 
 the uncertainty ate away at her until she decided to rest . 
 sleep would probably help her sort things out . 
 ۞ `` what 's up dem ? 
 you have a really crummy sense of timing , you know ? '' 
 `` what did i interrupt ? '' 
 there was silence on the other end . 
 `` never mind . 
 i 'll just assume that you 're with sa’andy and leave it at that . '' 
 `` would you mind telling me why you had to send a pfc to come pound on the door to my domicile ? '' 
 `` sorry . 
 yes . 
 uh , the thing is , i ran into maeve . '' 
 `` i thought she was due to stay overnight in the clinic . 
 no ? '' 
 `` she was . 
 they called me and said she was discharged against doctor 's orders . '' 
 `` this does n't sound promising . '' 
 `` so , no , not really . 
 she was behaving a bit oddly , and then she knocked me on my ass . '' 
 `` define oddly . '' 
 `` she referred to herself in the third person . 
 sort of . 
 accidentally . '' 
 `` so you called me . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` i 'm missing a step here . '' 
 `` you recall when her friends told us that she had been , at one time , subject to some sort of brainwashing scheme ? '' 
 `` ah , now i see the big picture . '' 
 `` i thought you might . '' 
 `` any idea where she is ? '' 
 `` mrs. han 's . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 how the hell were they going to go in ? 
 he had no reason to try and take her out of there . 
 `` they 're planning on leaving soon anyway . 
 what happens if they go back to earth and she goes on her little mission ? '' 
 `` i really have no idea . 
 christensen said he did n't even know what she 'd been programmed to do . 
 they were only guessing . 
 i just do n't want to see a war started for no good reason . '' 
 `` tark , man , one thing you may not want to hear , but you need to ; we might not have a lot of control over that anymore . '' 
 `` bull . 
 if we can keep them from going and causing trouble ... i think things will quiet down . '' 
 `` you know i love you like a brother , but you are a dude who can live in denial like a madman . '' 
 `` you 'd rather i was n't such an optimist ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 i mean , optimism saved my ass . '' 
 dmitry drew in a deep breath before trying to say what he knew he needed to say . 
 `` maeve and her friends have n't exactly angered a sleeping bear . 
 if anything , they 've managed to point out the fact that we 've got an already angry bear at our back door . '' 
 `` a bear ? '' 
 `` you 're the one who likes metaphors . 
 my point is , maybe we ought to be supporting this . 
 maybe we ought to get on the right side before things get crazy . '' 
 `` what , you think conflict is inevitable ? '' 
 `` i do . 
 but if we can contain it , keep it on earth , then it might not get as bad as it might otherwise . '' 
 `` that 's an awful lot of vagueness . 
 any reason in particular you feel this way ? '' 
 tark stared at the comm piece , wondering where all this newfound passion had come from . 
 could maeve have had such a big impact on him in this relatively short amount of time ? 
 dmitry felt in his trouser knee pocket for his tablet . 
 he 'd held off from showing tark the correspondence between hawke and whomever she 'd been in touch with back on earth . 
 it had seemed irrelevant at first , until things began to happen ... . 
 `` i 'm sending you a file . '' 
 `` what of ? '' 
 `` just read it . 
 i think it 'll give you the context you need to understand my saying that i believe we need to act first . 
 we ought to be on the offensive . '' 
 `` are you in support of maeve and her friends leaving to be part of this ? '' 
 `` yes and no . '' 
 `` because of how she was acting ? 
 i do n't know . 
 if what they said was true , she might be equipped to go after some group like this mithraic bunch . '' 
 `` and yet ... i keep going back to a doubt . 
 christensen says that they never knew who took her . 
 they do n't know what she was given for orders . 
 what if she 's trying to lead them into an ambush ? 
 i mean , not her , but whatever is in control ... i still did n't even know this was possible . '' 
 `` any super soldier programs we ever heard about were complete flops . 
 i do n't know . 
 maybe everything they 've said is true . 
 if that 's the case , maybe the best we can do is let them go and follow close behind . '' 
 tark 's voice had gone suddenly hard . 
 he was scanning the file dmitry had sent him on his tablet . 
 there were years ' worth of messages , but the important ones dmitry had highlighted . 
 these all detailed hawke 's feelings , certainly , but more importantly , they were the writings of an informer . 
 all of tark 's courtship with sa’andy was written in minutiae . 
 many other personnel and civilians on board the station were apparently monitored as well . 
 they were regularly referred to as `` enemies of humankind '' throughout hawke 's messages . 
 tark had the feeling he could read on for several hours . 
 `` am i to assume you have read the entirety of these messages ? '' '' 
 `` i have . '' 
 `` i apologize , then . 
 i had her for a garden-variety kook . '' 
 `` i think she was chosen for that reason . 
 she was eccentric , total crap for people skills ; we all figured she was just a nut with unpleasant opinions . '' 
 `` this explains why my requests for her transfer were denied three times . '' 
 `` three times ?! '' 
 dmitry was both surprised and not . 
 tark shrugged into the darkness and said nothing as he continued to read . 
 hawke 's words certainly lent an air of truth to maeve and her friends ' talk of mission . 
 moreover , it seemed to point to some potentially influential people having a vested interest in the mithraic alliance . 
 they were going to have to be a bit more cautious in their movements and communications from now on . 
 `` you think that this alliance is going to try to initiate hostilities with other species ? '' 
 `` it 's difficult to say whether that 's the primary goal , or whether they plan on sealing the borders to the system first . 
 it seems obvious that something big is in the works , and the timeframe is not terribly far off at this moment . '' 
 dmitry paced in circles through the arboretum . 
 the section he stood in was the edge of the rain forest ; a stream ran its watery fingers through a mangrove stand . 
 it was distracting , but only just so . 
 `` dem , you still there ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` you 're trying to decide what to do . '' 
 `` i 've always been pretty obvious ... . '' 
 `` that 's a flipping understatement . 
 go get some rest . 
 we 'll find them in a couple hours and try to settle on a common plan . '' 
 `` but ... . '' 
 `` no arguments . 
 you said yourself that she was n't acting herself . 
 you ca n't fix that on your own . '' 
 tark disconnected , leaving his words to echo painfully in dmitry 's head . 
 he still was n't sure which was worse ; knowing that she was beyond his reach , or that she might be killed before he had a chance to figure anything out . 
 maeve had told him to leave her alone , in so many words , in a voice that had sounded like hers . 
 he was assuming that she was under the thrall of preprogrammed directive , but he could n't be certain . 
 perhaps it actually had been her . 
 then what ? 
 he shook the thought from his mind . 
 it was n't any help to allow himself to get depressed . 
 there was no altering the situation as it stood . 
 he was unlikely to find sympathy from her friends . 
 leif clearly wanted no part of him . 
 and now this wallace person had risen up from the past ... it was untenable . 
 he had to focus on what he could . 
 that thought firmly in place , dmitry stalked back to his quarters , trying to sort through his conversation with tark . 
 it seemed as though he 'd gotten his friend to see reason . 
 it was a bit troubling that tark had begun talking as though he intended to be a part of any return to earth . 
 one thing at a time , he told himself . 
 while sleep might prove elusive , he did have alternate plans . 
 ۞ leif sat across the room , watching maeve warily . 
 everyone else ate uneasily , silently , watching leif . 
 he had n't uttered a word since coming back to the library with julieta . 
 she had resumed her spot next to where maeve was still looking over intelligence and maps . 
 `` there must be some way of identifying warden . '' 
 `` boko will be that way . '' 
 `` and what will happen if he fails to comply with his part of the agreement ? 
 his file states that he has only recently been turned . '' 
 `` he came back on his own . 
 he wo n't fail . '' 
 `` and if he was sent by warden ? '' 
 `` are you going to do this the entire time ? '' 
 `` i do not understand . '' 
 `` naysay ? 
 you have a problem with every detail i have given you so far . '' 
 `` if all your information is interpreted incompletely , then yes . '' 
 julieta threw up her hands in disgust and flung herself into a chair . 
 grace discreetly made her way over to perch on its arm . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 she spoke as softly as she could . 
 julieta scowled . 
 `` so , no . 
 do you want something to eat ? '' 
 grace smiled disarmingly , her blue eyes twinkling in flickering candlelight . 
 julieta relaxed her frown as a few cheerful memories surfaced . 
 it had n't been long enough the first time around . 
 her second chance sat within reach ; a happy distraction from being irritated to death . 
 `` sure . 
 let 's go closer to the fire . '' 
 she held her hand out for grace to take hold of . 
 the gas logs were across the room in the other direction . 
 they walked past wallace , julieta jabbing him in the shoulder as they did . 
 he looked up at her in startlement , and then smiled as genuinely as he could muster . 
 it was about time . 
 julieta followed up her action with her trademark eye roll in maeve 's direction . 
 he shook his head vigorously . 
 she summoned up her mom face , and held up a warning finger . 
 he sighed and stood up to walk over to maeve . 
 `` how 's it going ? '' 
 he looked over all the intel she 'd taken to pieces so far . 
 `` the question is irrelevant . '' 
 great , he thought , this ought to be loads of fun . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 he was a little afraid to hear the answer . 
 `` an alternate means of identifying warden . 
 there must be an image , a recording , anything . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 we can try to see if master kun has anything , or whether boko knows of something . '' 
 he caught a look in her eye . 
 `` you distrust boko . '' 
 `` not him , necessarily . 
 just the timing , as i previously stated . 
 coincidence is less frequent than one might imagine . '' 
 `` well , i do n't know or trust him . 
 but i trust kun . 
 and he has given his complete confidence to boko . 
 good enough for me . '' 
 `` and if this grandson is killed , or if he simply decides to go into hiding , rather than put himself in danger ? '' 
 `` okay , okay . 
 i 'll see . 
 there could be something besides a picture , i guess . 
 because for that item , we 've hunted two years to no fruition . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 maeve returned her attention to the map of the aegean sea . 
 she was trying to study it closely , memorizing the lay of the island , and its so-called vacation home . 
 slowly , she became aware that the wallace person was studying her in much the same fashion . 
 `` what do you require ? '' 
 `` what happens once we hit the end of the mission ? '' 
 `` i fail to follow your meaning . '' 
 `` what happens to her ? '' 
 `` to whom do you refer ? '' 
 she avoided his eyes , concentrating on marking the map with a red pen . 
 he leaned in to whisper ; she flinched in spite of her parameters . 
 `` you know what the hell i 'm talking about . 
 maeve . 
 what happens at the end ? '' 
 `` i ... have not been briefed . '' 
 `` i wo n't let you hurt her . '' 
 `` i caution you against impulsive behavior . 
 my orders are only to see the mission through to its end . '' 
 `` and you 're not surprised by the fact that we 're several centuries removed from the time those orders were issued ? '' 
 `` some of the existing conditions could not have been predicted , but no . '' 
 she was utterly sincere , he realized . 
 it was a bit of a blindside , one whose implications he could not completely grasp yet . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` you are not read in , and i am not authorized to say anything further . '' 
 `` i really think you 'd better reconsider that . '' 
 moving to put his hand on her shoulder , he watched her face turn stony . 
 he found himself on his knee , staring at his hand as it twisted impossibly in her grip . 
 `` remove yourself until you have further information . '' 
 maeve released his hand , while he stumbled back , trying to recover his footing . 
 he ran into a solid obstacle , and turned to find leif standing behind him . 
 wallace cringed , thinking of their exchange just a few hours before . 
 `` i would n't bother . 
 she 's on the clock . '' 
 he continued to rub his wrist . 
 `` i know . '' 
 leif looked less angry and more despairing by now . 
 `` i always wondered what it would look like if she ever went active . 
 never imagined this . '' 
 `` what ... she seems pretty calm . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 i guess i figured it 'd be a lot more on the feral side of things . '' 
 `` that 's ludicrous . '' 
 `` you did n't see what she looked like ... it was like she 'd been in a gulag . 
 all beat to hell , half-starved ... not pretty . '' 
 `` you never said that . '' 
 `` i do n't really like you a hell of a lot . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` but i think we all have to function as a team if we want to see daylight at the end of this thing . '' 
 `` okay . 
 that does n't sound completely loathsome . '' 
 `` then are you going to try and get something on warden before we all turn old and gray ? '' 
 leif was running on fumes ; wallace wisely chose not to push any further . 
 `` sure , man , i 'm on it . '' 
 wallace walked away to try and get a message off to kun . 
 the loose end of that last `` talk '' with leif still tickled at his brain , though he could n't grab hold of it to remember what it was about . 
 he shrugged it off for the time being . 
 the more important task was to contact kun and let him know what was happening . 
 they had not anticipated maeve being triggered so early in this process . 
 ۞ they would need to proceed a lot more carefully ... he did n't like to think about what might happen if leif and the others went active on board a space station . 
 this had definitely not been thought through well enough . 
 his training as a handler had never once covered a situation quite like this . 
 he wondered how much warden knew about them . 
 it certainly seemed as though he knew enough to access maeve without any trouble , if the theory of the so-called assassin held up . 
 wallace was still kicking himself that he and kun had n't thought of this possibility . 
 it seemed stupidly obvious in hindsight , but it had genuinely never occurred to either of them . 
 and now , he ran the risk of being exposed for what he was before the moment when it was actually practicable . 
 jules would be at the head of the line to punch him in the nuts , were she to realize that he 'd been part of an act . 
 it had surprised him constantly how readily she 'd accepted the explanation that kun had chosen them randomly . 
 that he , wallace , was some kind of amateur bumbler . 
 she should have seen through it , if anyone could have . 
 maeve had been a different story . 
 he 'd known instantly that she would n't sort out what he was doing . 
 it was n't that she 'd been naïve . 
 she had n't wanted to look too deep . 
 his task had been simplified by the easy trust she 'd granted him . 
 at first anyway . 
 until his own head had gotten muddled by emotion . 
 he 'd failed to anticipate just how much that would screw everything up . 
 he had prepared himself to arrive on board the nimitz and find a way to confess everything to maeve . 
 so far , nothing was going according to plan , and there was no longer any point . 
 nothing had ever really gone to plan though . 
 if he 'd only been able to see through his end , at least nothing would have gone so terribly wrong . 
 that was the demon with which he lived . 
 allowing himself to develop feelings for maeve had aloowed both their worlds to come crashing down . 
 he looked over at maeve who was not maeve , and knew he had to put things to right . 
 it might be long overdue , but it could still be done . 
 first order of business , deactivate her . 
 they would have to wait until they reached earth to undertake that process . 
 she 'd go along with a pretext more easily than outright trying to overpower her , anyway . 
 wallace 's only concern was what might happen if she succeeded in neutralizing robert warden on her first attempt . 
 he 'd have to be sure that did n't take place . 
 it was bad enough that there seemed to be several conflicting layers of orders . 
 and no , he had not been privy to all of them , apparently . 
 ۞ robert warden was still on his quiet island . 
 he knew what storm lurked some distance away , and yet he remained . 
 it was what he desired . 
 his wife and children were gone . 
 very soon , he expected the difficulty of his brother-in-law to be gone as well . 
 only a few of his soldiers were left behind with him ; the rest were mobilizing in anticipation of a muster and practice maneuvers . 
 his board members were aware that something new was in the offing . 
 as far as they were concerned , it only pertained to the threat that had heretofore been contained within the metal box . 
 as far as they knew , his only aim was to kill maeve howard and her companions . 
 there would have been far too much anxiety and discussion if he had revealed his full agenda prematurely . 
 instead , only his top ranking officers knew that what appeared to be a military exercise was anything but . 
 warden had worked quietly and efficiently through the course of a decade to build up a loyal and dependable army . 
 that army soon would enact his agenda . 
 those that opposed him would be removed . 
 the earth system would finally be brought to heel . 
 none of this had happened quickly . 
 it had been in opposition to his nature and impetuous inclinations . 
 the first time around , reckless zealousness had been the downfall . 
 he had learned to bide his time , amass wealth and power ; become an expert at illusion and patience . 
 he had learned to wait . 
 in some ways , he saw himself as a crocodile hidden in the muddy banks of a swollen river . 
 like cobras , those creatures were experts in stillness . 
 they might appear to be something other than what they were , something harmless , tempting the weak into drawing too close . 
 he closed his eyes , amber crocodilian eyes , and sank into the fantasy of snapping massive jaws shut around his enemies . 
 it was a pleasing thought . 
 and all that was required was a bit more waiting . 
 his breathing turned ragged , and he realized that he was aroused . 
 it was not unusual , but he was never quite able to decide whether he should indulge the impulse or not . 
 he walked over to an oil lamp that had been burning for several days now , and held a small metal rod over its flame . 
 once it began to smoke , he rolled the object back and forth , finally withdrawing it , and placing the hot end on the bare skin of his bicep . 
 it was both a reminder to stay on task , and a means of releasing the pent up energy . 
 the pounding of his heart slowed back to a more reasonable rate . 
 it would not be long now . 
 ۞ `` this is the most insane idea you have ever had . '' 
 antonio was having increasing thoughts of running away . 
 `` i know . 
 what other option do we have ? '' 
 wallace looked over at leif . 
 they had already discussed and come to a tense agreement on a plan . 
 `` and what do we do if there are further permutations of this programming ? '' 
 `` meaning ? '' 
 `` what do we do if she goes really dark and scary , man ? 
 are you prepared for that ? '' 
 `` antonio , i respect your opinion on this , i really do . 
 i think what we 're going to have to do is split up , to be honest . 
 you go with jules , and head to peru . 
 whoever wants to go with me ... and maeve ... we 'll head straight for the aegean . '' 
 `` that 's more grabass than plan , wallace . '' 
 `` no , he 's right . 
 i 'm going with them too . 
 the rest of you get back to this little hideout in the jungle . 
 the old guy will help us figure out what to do after that , right ? '' 
 `` leif ! 
 no way , no way ! 
 we 're not going to let you guys go off and get yourselves killed ! '' 
 grace was not into this plan at all . 
 wallace held up his hand to silence everyone . 
 julieta frowned in surprise , but patted grace 's hand to keep her from interrupting further . 
 `` that 's not going to happen . 
 whatever else she might have been programmed to do , she 's not going to harm either of us . '' 
 `` yes , but will she keep you from harm ? '' 
 `` i guess we 'll have to watch our own butts . '' 
 `` you seem to know a little something , there wallace . '' 
 leif was eyeing him suspiciously . 
 `` yeah ... we 've spent two years studying up on all of this . 
 it 's about time i stopped screwing around and do my job , that 's all . '' 
 he did not meet anyone 's stare , standing instead to go and brief colonel tarkington . 
 he left , looking older than he ever had before . 
 grace poked her finger toward the door through which he had just exited . 
 `` that guy is not telling us everything . '' 
 grace was serious for once . 
 julieta scoffed . 
 `` he 's a goof-off . 
 i ca n't believe he retained anything kun taught us . '' 
 she shook her head at the credulity of some people , even though she very much enjoyed sitting very close to this one person . 
 indignantly , grace stood up and turned around to face all of them . 
 `` i may not have a college degree , but i graduated with honors from the school of bullshit detection . 
 he is lying to us about something . 
 something big . 
 i never really paid attention to it before , but it 's always been there . 
 why was he there ? '' 
 `` i dunno . 
 he was trying to get back to her , make himself feel better . 
 his daddy must have pulled all those strings , in spite of what he said . '' 
 `` no , not the arctic . 
 where you guys were stationed before that . 
 how did he just happen to stumble on board a military base and meet somebody who later on just happened to become part of a programming experiment ? 
 i guess it took being a few more paces back from the painting to see everything in focus ... . '' 
 leif had a dazed expression plastered across his face , his mouth working over the theory in a mute conversation with himself . 
 everyone else alternatingly frowned or tried to rebut this strange theory . 
 none of them could . 
 `` so ... what role could he possibly be playing ? 
 who did he work for ? '' 
 `` the daddy rule still applies . 
 his old man was hardcore , and liked the cold war stuff . 
 i met him a few times ... he was no joke . '' 
 `` you think his own father recruited him ? '' 
 `` could be . 
 well , look , this is just a lot of guessing . 
 i 'm not solid behind the idea that fergus wallace is or was some kind of spook . 
 he 's just too much of a ... . '' 
 leif had stopped cold . 
 `` you see ? 
 you see what you did there ? 
 you just blew up your own argument against . '' 
 boom . 
 grace sat back in satisfaction . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 what did he do there ? '' 
 antonio was beginning to have a frantic edge to his voice . 
 there was far too much crazy stuff going on of late . 
 he supposed it was too late to finally tell them that he 'd only volunteered because of the pay rate it had promised . 
 his plan had always been to use it to finance his own internet startup . 
 the internet was probably long gone by now . 
 `` he 's playing the scarlet pimpernel . '' 
 josh smiled . 
 then he shook his head and stopped . 
 `` playboy millionaire . '' 
 grace tapped the table in further satisfaction . 
 josh waved her off . 
 `` he 's not butch enough for that kind of acting . '' 
 `` please . 
 do n't go giving me visions of him in any kind of tights . 
 let 's get back to reality . 
 or unreality . '' 
 julieta was annoyed by all this talk . 
 wallace was anything but complex . 
 he was an infant . 
 grace looked at her with a little bit of sadness . 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 reality is this : she is going to come looking for us soon . 
 he is playing us all . 
 we are going to get our asses handed to us . '' 
 `` we 're not going to let that happen . 
 we 'll split up , like he says . 
 leif is more than capable of handling wallace . 
 the rest of us will go back and try to get the truth out of your master kun . '' 
 `` whoa , josh , who says kun knows any of this ? 
 we 're taking some pretty big leaps of logic , as far as i can see . '' 
 `` jules , i understand that you do n't want to go down this road . 
 maybe his intentions have been honest , but we 're going to have to realize that he might have his orders too . '' 
 `` and us ? 
 our orders ? 
 why are we going along with any of this anymore ? 
 any orders we had died with the guys who gave them ! '' 
 they were losing antonio to panic . 
 this was the problem with civilians ... . 
 `` or the girls . 
 do n't forget them , tonio . '' 
 `` could you stop fooling around , grace ? 
 just tell me why the hell i should be going along with this ? '' 
 `` i 'd be happy to . '' 
 julieta gripped the arm of the chair she was perched on . 
 `` if we do n't do something , this whole system will be at war , very shortly . 
 we 've been seeing it coming for a while . 
 oh , maybe warden has told his investors and cronies that he wants only to go so far as shutting the borders . 
 but we have seen what is coming . 
 if i 'd doubted it , boko put those doubts to rest . '' 
 she stood , and began to pace , hoping it would n't be difficult to convince them . 
 `` warden plans on extermination on a mass scale , as a means of luring in outside worlds to open war . 
 war is big business , but more than that , he wants to push the human race as the dominant species as far out as he can go . '' 
 in reality , they were only theorizing this . 
 julieta felt that it was time to lay it on the line , though . 
 grace frowned . 
 there was probably something to say that was both wise and reassuring . 
 she just could n't summon it up . 
 she preferred being a wiseass . 
 `` suicide mission , yay ! '' 
 `` i think we pretty much knew that already . '' 
 julieta sighed and fell back into a nearby chair . 
 `` i know . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` it just sounds less doom and gloomy when you say ` yay ! ' 
 at the end . '' 
 josh waited for a few moments to sidle up to leif . 
 he was hoping to talk some sense into his friend , though it was unlikely . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` do n't say it . '' 
 `` maybe i should go with you . 
 girls can handle themselves . 
 they 're not headed into the kill box . '' 
 `` what are you worried about ? '' 
 `` you destroying wallace springs to mind . 
 as does you not having a ton of perspective . '' 
 `` he was never really interested in her . 
 it was a scam . 
 how did i miss that ? '' 
 `` i can think of a few reasons . 
 the better question is how did she miss it ? 
 anyway , if what you told me is true , there must have been more than a job on his mind at one time . '' 
 `` right . 
 getting laid . 
 like that means a damn thing . '' 
 `` maybe it does . 
 but that 's not my worry . 
 she is . 
 her altered mental status , if you will . 
 i 'd equate what she 's going through to something like a fugue or dissociative state . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , none of that means a thing to me . '' 
 `` both of those are events that occur after trauma or ... something so psychologically stressful , that the brain physically tries to protect itself from further harm by creating a break , a barrier . '' 
 `` so , you 're saying that the programming she was given ... . '' 
 `` it created an artificial fugue . 
 it 's would be easiest way of brainwashing . 
 put the individual through a prolonged period of chaos and tension . 
 and as we figured , while the person is in a sleeping state , that 's when suggestion becomes possible . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i like the implications of ` prolonged ' . 
 how is that treated when it happens ... not on purpose ? '' 
 `` ah , well , that depends on the individual . 
 i do n't think you can find a one size fits all for that , but this is n't an ordinary case . 
 if it was an organic onset , i 'd say therapy of some sort . 
 but it is n't . 
 it 's a ... surrogate personality , one that was put in place , which means she 's probably somewhere in there , screaming to get out . '' 
 it was obvious that leif had n't considered this possibility . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` well , think about it . 
 this is a persona that has nothing to do with maeve . 
 it 's like having a ... parasite , or a tiny robot controlling her . 
 the likeliest means of keeping maeve out of the way , not cluttering up the process of the mission assignment , is to trap her somewhere . 
 if we can get at her when she 's in a sleeping state , or even put her under hypnosis , we can try to get her back . '' 
 `` and you know how to do that ? '' 
 `` ah , no . '' 
 `` so it has to wait . '' 
 `` i 'd say so . 
 but i 'd be willing to bet that our odds will improve if we finish up on that island and get her to someone who 's an expert in meditative states . '' 
 `` the old guy . 
 kun . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm thinking . '' 
 `` so we just have to keep from getting our asses shot off until then . '' 
 they nodded in unison , unwilling to think too far into the future on that count . 
 ۞ bijul was ready to fly . 
 her new ship was ready to leave the docks and head back to earth . 
 she 'd made some interior modifications . 
 her cockpit had been reconfigured the way she preferred , and she 'd carefully stowed an assortment of weaponry inside a bulkhead . 
 these items were chosen with a specific intent . 
 her goal was to prevent these people from carrying out the mission that colonel tarkington claimed they were going to do . 
 they were supposed to prevent a war , he 'd told her . 
 she needed war to come . 
 it was the only way . 
 men like tarkington did n't understand what conflict could accomplish . 
 he saw it as a last resort , something terrible and ruinous . 
 bijul knew that war could open the floodgates to so much more . 
 it always brought innovation , invention , and opportunity . 
 the last would be hers , if she could grasp hold of it . 
 she knew now that the group was going to split . 
 she would be piloting one portion of it to peru , onto a mountainous plateau . 
 the other half would be headed to a sheep-populated island in the mediterranean . 
 somehow , she knew she would have to deposit her passengers and try to reach that island as quickly as possible . 
 ۞ `` i do n't know why i 'm agreeing to this , but captain petrovich concurs with your assessments . '' 
 tark chewed on his lip , feeling the sting of a bad habit indulged far too often of late . 
 `` you realize i could not only be removed from command , but probably get shot for this ? '' 
 `` you 're not going to be shot . '' 
 `` dmitry , neither of us can predict what 's going to happen . '' 
 `` you 're going to stay here . 
 we 'll figure out how to deal with personnel later . 
 i 'm going to follow behind with ... certain numbers ... but if you 're here , you 'll be safe . 
 you can always lock this place down . '' 
 they were quiet for a moment as ramifications began to imagine themselves . 
 `` i should do that now . '' 
 tark brought up a schematic of the station . 
 he stared at it , unable to think further than the sheer numbers of living creatures on board . 
 `` colonel , major , i appreciate your anxiety over all this . 
 you do n't know me from adam , as the saying goes , but you can trust me . '' 
 `` sorry , mr. wallace , i doubt that 's a selling point for us . '' 
 `` dmitry ... . '' 
 `` no , it 's alright . 
 i know what he wants to say . 
 it 's the same thing everybody wants to say about me . 
 they think i 'm a flake , a ... cad , i guess . 
 i could n't ever tell them the truth . '' 
 wallace fidgeted uncomfortably with his stylus pen . 
 `` what 's the truth ? '' 
 dmitry could feel dread settling down all around them . 
 `` i was a recruiter . 
 maeve was my assignment . 
 my agency had followed her career for a while , she fit all the qualifications , they wanted her . '' 
 he felt lightheaded , and realized he had n't eaten in hours . 
 `` you let her go through the brainwashing thing ? '' 
 `` no , major , you do n't get it yet . 
 i hit a snag . '' 
 `` a snag . '' 
 `` i kinda got in too deep , if you follow me . '' 
 `` you fell for her . '' 
 `` sort of . 
 we got a little involved ... my agency dragged me back , reamed me out , and sent me back to bring her in ahead of schedule . '' 
 wallace seemed to grow more and more pale as he sat in front of them . 
 `` they wanted to kidnap her ? '' 
 `` something like that . 
 i definitely failed on bringing her in . 
 we did n't know that we had somebody else watching the watcher . 
 there was a secondary agency feeding off our intel . 
 and ... when they saw me hesitate , they moved in . '' 
 `` this does n't sound like a very great platform for trust . '' 
 `` i did n't want to see her get hurt . 
 we had no idea that anybody else was interested . '' 
 `` so this other agency grabbed her and did the initial programming that you talked about . '' 
 `` oh , it was way worse than that . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` the other agency was the nascent beginnings of the mithraic alliance . 
 they waited until she was out running a night exercise with her company ... she and christensen were the only two who survived . '' 
 dmitry and tark exchanged a look . 
 `` i take it that this is why you 're eager to see the destruction of the alliance . '' 
 `` definitely up there on the list . '' 
 `` why did leif live through it ? 
 did they want him too ? '' 
 `` no , not at first . 
 he came onto my agency 's radar because he kept looking for her . 
 he was dogged . 
 so we sent him to norway to keep him out of trouble until we could find her . 
 at that point , i got some help in getting reassigned to being a handler . '' 
 `` you did n't answer the question . '' 
 dmitry was beginning to see why christensen did n't like the guy . 
 `` leif lived because she sent him back to base . 
 something tipped her off . 
 he said so himself in his report . 
 against his better judgment , he said he turned around and went back . 
 someone had to go , though , because all their radio equipment was dead . 
 she must have known that he would do anything for her ... . '' 
 `` he 's in love with her . '' 
 `` he was . 
 i ca n't speak to that now . '' 
 `` except he almost ripped your heart from your chest when you said something to that effect . '' 
 `` who knows . 
 he was , and still is , incredibly protective of her . '' 
 wallace looked over to dmitry sympathetically . 
 `` sorry , major . 
 if it 's any consolation , i do n't think she ever felt the same . '' 
 `` nope . 
 not much help . '' 
 `` thank-you colonel , though , for helping us . '' 
 on that count , wallace was completely sincere . 
 `` you still plan on departure tomorrow , early morning ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 we 'll try to time it so we 're entering atmosphere at a heavy traffic timeframe . 
 our ships are small enough to pass for tow-alongs , if we can slip behind something larger . '' 
 at least , this was what captain nandra had told him . 
 he 'd have to trust his piloting abilities to keep them out of trouble , while the captain kept her end tight . 
 `` well , good luck . 
 keep major petrovich abreast of your location . 
 you 'll want him to find you if anything goes wrong . '' 
 `` oh , i calculate at least fifty percent failure odds . '' 
 wallace looked almost cheerful . 
 indeed , he felt a great deal more at peace , having finally confessed to someone other than kun . 
 he could finally see a little more clearly . 
 dmitry watched him leave , feeling bleak . 
 maybe he 'd give it one more try . 
 the worst she could do was land another punch ... she 'd said she had no wish to harm him . 
 he only knew that it would be impossible to watch her leave with wallace and christensen . 
 not without saying something . 
 not without feeling completely gutted . 
 ۞ they were ready . 
 as ready as anyone could be , in setting off for war . 
 leif and josh each had their own family references to war . 
 the former still carried a photo of his grandfather standing on the beach at normandy . 
 the latter had only stories to remind him . 
 of an uncle who went to war for a country that had locked up the rest of his family in an internment camp . 
 and a nurse grandmother killed when her hospital ship was torpedoed . 
 as they slowly packed , and organized themselves into two separate ships , josh reflected on those two stories . 
 he 'd grown up not knowing how to interpret the muted pain that each circumstance had wrought on his family . 
 after having had his own experiences on deployment , he 'd begun to understand . 
 he understood that no matter what anyone tried to do , in some instances no one has any control over anything . 
 his uncle had surrendered to that unstoppable tide . 
 his uncle had believed that the only way to change ignorance and hate was through constant demonstration of something better . 
 josh had always struggled with this philosophy . 
 now he understood it , even if he disagreed a little . 
 he went to bid farewell to the monks at the temple , but could not bring himself to seek their advice . 
 instead , he sat in meditation for two hours , trying to collect and organize his thoughts . 
 he needed to be clearheaded . 
 it was possible he would be the only one who was , in the end . 
 they had all watched maeve warily through the process of readying . 
 she continued to behave in that disquietingly automatic manner . 
 she resisted attempts to be drawn into conversation . 
 she slept a precise eight hours for every sixteen hours awake . 
 she consumed a precise caloric intake . 
 she did nothing but research and prepare for what lay ahead . 
 ۞ dmitry could not help but feel utter hopelessness . 
 maeve , or whomever it was in control of her , continued to refuse his presence . 
 she did n't want to see him . 
 he 'd begun to convince himself that she might die , or that he would , in the course of this madness . 
 after all , why should he be allowed happiness ? 
 what had he ever done to earn it ? 
 ۞ tark and sa’andy watched as the two small craft detached from the station , and began their progress back to earth . 
 it was a final act . 
 irreversible . 
 tark wished he felt more confidence in himself and his own abilities right then . 
 all too soon , dmitry would be following the others , and the station would go into martial lockdown . 
 dieu me pardonne , he thought , if i 'm wrong , we will all be in the worst kind of situation . 
 `` we are not wrong in this , my love . '' 
 sa’andy was watching him in her usual gentle manner . 
 `` i thought you were n't going to do that anymore . '' 
 he winked at her . 
 `` i 'm not exactly having to try . 
 you are an open book , and we 've lived together for long enough ... it 's all just out there . '' 
 `` that 's a distinct disadvantage to me . '' 
 he pursed his lips as she smilingly entwined herself in his arms . 
 `` let 's try to remember that i 'm not like your earth women . '' 
 `` hah , that 's something i 'm not likely to forget ! '' 
 `` well , then , let 's work on not being so worried about all this . '' 
 she took his hand and led him off in the direction of their apartment . 
 ۞ they had split off fairly quickly . 
 leif and josh tried not to contemplate their growing unease at being separated from everyone else . 
 not that they doubted capt. nandra 's ability to keep their friends safe . 
 they were rolling into a complete unknown . 
 they 'd be too far away to help if some ill befell them , as well as the reverse situation . 
 they had their plan pretty thoroughly choreographed , however . 
 a landing in a remote area of what had once been the sahara would lead them up along the nile to a seaport . 
 from there , they would secure a boat , sail in , and swim the rest once they were close enough . 
 a night with a new moon would give them , one might hope , enough of a cover to walk onto the island undetected . 
 it was a mad plan . 
 nobody had said it needed to be safe or survivable . 
 well , really , josh would have preferred that type of plan , but maeve was running on guidance from goodness knew where . 
 he wondered whose programming was in charge , the more he thought about it . 
 was it from whomever had her first , or from whomever had them all ? 
 even more disturbing in his thoughts was wondering what his own trigger might be . 
 or leif . 
 what would they do if leif went `` active '' , for the love of god ? 
 they were on equal physical footing most of the time , but he doubted he could stop the big guy mid-rampage . 
 worse , he was beginning to have his own little flashback moments . 
 these were making him doubt his grip on what had happened back in norway , and how they had ended up in the container . 
 he wanted to ask wallace about it , but there had not been a good moment yet . 
 leif seemed determined not to take his eyes off wallace , and maeve was constantly checking their heading . 
 he hoped they would land soon . 
 all sense of time and distance was completely lost out here . 
 he hated it . 
 space sucked . 
 ۞ grace and jules were ignoring antonio for the moment . 
 he was trying , and seemingly failing , to ingratiate himself to captain nandra . 
 it was a little pitiful . 
 `` jules , if i 'm being completely honest , here ... i do n't like the way this is all playing out . '' 
 `` i know . 
 not a big fan of it myself . '' 
 julieta checked to see who was listening . 
 the two in the cockpit were in deep conversation of their own . 
 `` kun will be able to set us straight on some of this , but we have n't been able to tell him any of what 's happened , not for days . 
 mrs. han tried , but she could n't get anything out . '' 
 `` colonel tarkington said it was safer that way . 
 less chance of interception . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but he thinks we 're all headed somewhere else , and has no idea we three are about to crash ... um , land in his midst . '' 
 `` let 's hope it is n't a crash . 
 jeez . '' 
 grace drew in a little closer . 
 `` are we going to have to keep waiting , by the way ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 julieta was suddenly nervous . 
 `` for this . '' 
 grace moved quickly , before either of them could talk her out of it . 
 she was damned tired of acting like it was a criminal act . 
 hell , she 'd seen couples of all shapes and sizes on the nimitz . 
 the station 's commander was shacked up with someone from another planet . 
 they could kiss and be happy if they damned well wanted to . 
 it was nearly everything she had hoped for . 
 to be fair , she could n't remember the last girl she 'd kissed , so maybe she 'd built up the moment a little excessively . 
 she 'd dreamed way too often about it , that was for sure . 
 after what seemed like five minutes , or maybe an hour , she sat back and tried to catch her breath . 
 jules was still wearing the same nervous look on her face . 
 by the end , it was mixed up with a little of the same dopiness that grace was certain she wore on her own face . 
 `` i guess that answers my question . '' 
 a small furtive smile crept out on her face . 
 `` must have been waiting for you to make the first move . '' 
 `` you , jules ? 
 you 're so gung-ho . '' 
 `` i have a confession . 
 it 's kind of how i kept dudes off my six back in the day . '' 
 `` i hope that does n't include me . '' 
 `` you 're not a dude , gracie , not last i knew . '' 
 `` that ai n't no lie . '' 
 grace sat up a bit more cheerfully . 
 `` if we live through this shit , i want to go dancing . '' 
 `` that would be a very good idea . '' 
 jules took her hand . 
 `` let 's live through this , and get our asses out on the floor . '' 
 `` your old guy ... . '' 
 `` master kun . '' 
 `` um , yeah . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` does he have copious munitions , i hope ? '' 
 boom , baby , boom . 
 ۞ amazingly , nothing had gone disastrously wrong yet . 
 they 'd skated through reentry , touched down , and left the ship buried under camo netting and brush . 
 leif and wallace had argued for fifteen minutes on their next mode of transport before maeve pushed them both on board a public dahabeeyah . 
 `` are you sure we 're actually in egypt ? 
 where did the desert go ? '' 
 josh was staring out the windows of the boat disbelievingly . 
 `` climate changes , man . 
 i 'm not entirely sure what happened along here , but i think the land along the upper nile is still arid . '' 
 `` wacky . '' 
 date palms and lush greenery stretched into the visible distance . 
 `` any idea how long this will take ? '' 
 `` a day . 
 and then we will require a boat with a captain . 
 another few days will see us up into the aegean . 
 by then , the waning cycle of the moon will be in our favor . '' 
 maeve had been listening in the same way as over the past several days . 
 `` thanks . 
 that was an extremely efficient answer . '' 
 he looked over at maeve disapprovingly . 
 she was still busily poring over maps and tidal charts . 
 if josh 's sarcasm had penetrated , she showed no sign . 
 ۞ the rest of the journey proceeded in much the same manner . 
 three males , watching maeve 's every move , while she obliviously soldiered on . 
 by the time they were on their second night aboard a swift fishing schooner , all three were beginning to tire of this activity . 
 it was n't producing any results ; if anything , she kept withdrawing further and further . 
 leif tried to reassure himself with the idea that he and josh had formulated while still onboard the nimitz . 
 they would get through to the end of finding robert warden , and then drag maeve back to her senses . 
 hopefully , she would n't pull a weapon on one of them . 
 he heaved a weary sigh and tried to rub away a headache that had been lingering for days . 
 ۞ on the third night , the ship 's captain came to them . 
 `` i take you only some few miles more . 
 too many eyes after that . '' 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 wallace went ashen . 
 `` you not say what kind of place this is . '' 
 a scarred finger poked at their map . 
 `` my boys , they say is heavy guards , is too much guns . 
 we not go too close . '' 
 `` and what , you think we can swim in five miles ? '' 
 `` nah . 
 i give you dinghy . 
 is not too valuable . '' 
 he looked at wallace pointedly . 
 `` how much for your rowboat , then , captain ? '' 
 wallace reached around for his currency , which was in dwindling supply . 
 half an hour later , they were crowded into the smelly dinghy . 
 actually , dinghy was a generous term for the thing . 
 their fishing boat was receding into the distance . 
 no promises to come back , either . 
 this was their first major hitch . 
 ۞ `` just shut up and keep the weapons dry , what do you say ? '' 
 leif was feeling a bit surly . 
 `` all i said was that we might not have a good way off this place ... might implies a slight chance , does n't it ? '' 
 `` wallace , i told you to shut yer face . '' 
 `` fine . 
 we need to go silent anyway . 
 wish we had about ten more people . '' 
 after that , he closed his mouth and sulked . 
 at least the weather was cooperating . 
 low clouds were drawing in around them , creating a misty haze that shrouded everything in sight . 
 wallace inwardly thanked satellite mapping , as they remained on course to the island . 
 they were on an approach that would lead them into jagged shoals . 
 this was , their intel said , the least guarded portion of the island 's shoreline . 
 at last , their depth gauge read that they were at three meters . 
 manageable . 
 they all slipped into the cool water , keeping their weapons high , and at the ready . 
 leif and josh looked at each other , each knowing what the other was thinking . 
 it had been a long time . 
 not long enough , and too long , all at once . 
 before long , they could touch bottom , and began to have to weave around sharp rocks . 
 the hydra 's teeth , wallace thought . 
 ahead of them , maeve moved silently , uncomfortably quickly , and purposefully . 
 she did not look back . 
 as they approached the shore , they could see a large house , perhaps eight to ten hundred meters away . 
 a single light shone from one of the windows ; the rest were dark . 
 josh frowned and pulled out the binos they 'd brought . 
 he scanned the entire perimeter , and around the house . 
 there was not a living soul to be seen . 
 he whispered as much to wallace and leif . 
 maeve seemed to have sorted it out for herself . 
 she stood and began to walk , ignoring their frantic attempts to stop her . 
 after a hundred meters or so , she stopped and turned . 
 a wave outward of both arms seemed to imply that there was , in fact , no one . 
 she turned again and continued to walk . 
 `` i guess we follow . 
 shit , shit , shit . '' 
 leif scrambled to his feet and did so as quickly as possible . 
 josh and wallace cursed and brought up the rear . 
 no shots rang out . 
 nothing happened . 
 the house came up on them more quickly than they 'd anticipated , and suddenly they found themselves standing outside a thick plastered wall . 
 leif was trying to sort out how to determine if there were any guards on the other side of it when maeve scrambled up and heaved herself over . 
 `` will she stop doing that ??? '' to his surprise , she reappeared several dozen feet down , through a gate . 
 `` unlocked . '' 
 they ran down to join her . 
 `` look , maeve , i know you ... her ... whoever , that you were sure this guy was here . 
 it 's not looking so good right now . '' 
 `` he is here . '' 
 `` how the hell do you know that ? '' 
 `` wallace obtained a recording of his voice . 
 i can hear him singing right now . '' 
 she pointed up to the lit window . 
 they all looked at it , straining to listen . 
 `` i can hear him . '' 
 wallace said with some surprise . 
 `` what 's he singing ? '' 
 `` unknown . 
 irrelevant . '' 
 she slipped off to a back door . 
 it too was unlocked , and led into a large , old-fashioned kitchen . 
 a fire was nearly to embers in the hearth . 
 they had no idea of the layout of the building , but maeve continued on , as though she knew precisely where to go . 
 they all sighed in exasperation and followed her . 
 she had found a large central staircase , and moved up it unerringly . 
 not for the first time , they found themselves questioning who or what was guiding her actions . 
 they could only hope it was n't leading them into an ambush . 
 probably they should have thought of that several days ago . 
 the singing gradually became clearer . 
 they could hear a healthy baritone , as it carried a mournful tune . 
 wallace tried to make out the words , but could only hear the same dirge-like tune , at least until they were within a few feet of an open door . 
 the light that they had seen through the window must have been from this room . 
 `` i want to wear a crown of glory when i get home to that good land i want to shout salvation 's story in concert with the blood-washed band '' the voice abruptly halted its singing as they finished their approach . 
 maeve held up a hand to halt them as she sneaked a quick look past the doorframe . 
 she then stepped into the space , pistol raised . 
 leif cast a look back at the other two before shouldering his own weapon . 
 he walked behind maeve . 
 if it was robert warden , he had his back to them as he smoked a cigar . 
 `` i had nearly , very nearly , sworn these off . 
 the wife , you know ? 
 but she 's not here . '' 
 he continued to face away from them . 
 `` you 're a bit later than i 'd expected , but then i realized that no sane sailor would approach this place . 
 and now you 're stuck here , are n't you ? '' 
 `` bargaining with us will not procure your safety . '' 
 maeve kept the pistol raised and steady . 
 the figure across the room began to laugh . 
 `` you think i 'm all alone out here , do you ? '' 
 `` this island is devoid of any other life forms . '' 
 `` short sighted as ever , maeve . '' 
 he turned around finally , and leaned forward against his desk . 
 `` ah , leif , i see you are still glued to her side . 
 who else did you bring ? '' 
 leif felt his heart drop into his boots . 
 he looked at maeve . 
 would she react ? 
 could what was left of her true self see the man who stood before them ? 
 she was not outwardly changed , not perceptibly , but he could see her breathing alter . 
 there was a struggle beneath the surface . 
 `` what 's the matter , do n't recognize your own brother ? 
 no ? '' 
 he laughed hollowly . 
 `` i suppose i 'm not surprised . 
 i 've been up and kicking for , what , a decade now ? 
 no , longer than that ... i keep losing track of time . 
 fifteen years , that 's how long it 's been . '' 
 maeve had been fighting the landscape for what seemed like days or months . 
 she could only manage a few steps before being knocked down by some unseen force . 
 it was like climbing a rock face upside down . 
 she 'd listened to everything , had screamed herself hoarse at every fresh indignity brought on by this other entity . 
 now , she stood against the opposing strength , and stared off at the distant waters . 
 `` niall ? '' 
 `` they told us you were killed in a training accident . '' 
 leif struggled to keep a poker face . 
 josh and wallace both watched him with nervous anticipation . 
 besides leif , only wallace had ever met maeve 's brother , shortly before he 'd shipped off to basic training . 
 leif looked over at them , mouthing , `` it 's him . '' 
 `` i would think that you 'd have learned to stop trusting that sort of thing by now . '' 
 niall , or whoever he was , continued to chuckle in that infuriatingly condescending way . 
 `` even funnier , that none of you ever pieced anything together . '' 
 `` what are we talking about ? '' 
 leif looked back to maeve . 
 trickles of perspiration ran down her temple . 
 `` ah , come now , leif , you still have n't gotten a clue ? 
 how tiresome . 
 i was recruited , just as you were ... oh , but not by the simpering government spooks who snatched you all up . 
 no . 
 ca n't guess yet ? '' 
 `` screw this . 
 you 're the guy walking around as robert warden these days ... that 's good enough for me . '' 
 leif raised his rifle again , ready to fire . 
 in one swift movement , both maeve and warden reacted . 
 she moved to push leif aside , as warden pulled his own weapon from behind the desk . 
 gunfire erupted into chaos , and the single light was extinguished . 
 darkness and deafening quiet followed in its wake . 
 `` leif ? 
 maeve ? '' 
 josh felt around in the blackness . 
 a pained grunt was his reply . 
 `` i 'm hit . 
 maeve is gone . 
 i think warden , or niall , he took off , and she followed . '' 
 wallace produced chem lights , popping them so they cast a red illumination over the scene . 
 leif lay on the floor , holding his solar plexus . 
 maeve was indeed no longer with them . 
 josh moved into action , his days as a corpsman coming back to guide him . 
 `` good lord , what the hell is he using for rounds ? '' 
 josh was staring at a ragged hole in his friend 's midsection . 
 `` felt like a frigging bowling ball . '' 
 leif let his head fall back . 
 this was not how he 'd foreseen things going , not by a long shot . 
 `` stay with me , man . 
 we 're not going out like this . '' 
 josh looked up at wallace . 
 `` you 'd better try to figure out where they went . 
 i 'm going to get him down to the beach and put on the beacon . '' 
 `` they might not be here for hours . 
 you think he 'll hold ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 he 'll be fine . '' 
 they both knew this was a lie . 
 `` i 'm going to try to disengage her . 
 if i read what he was saying correctly , he 's probably got somebody incoming . '' 
 `` we 're pretty well hosed if that 's the case . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i 'd rather try to ride it out with her out of the equation . 
 she 'll only keep going until we 're all dead , otherwise . '' 
 `` i thought that was the point of all this . '' 
 josh laughed hoarsely . 
 `` maybe it 's time to change the parameters . '' 
 wallace put a hand on leif 's shoulder . 
 `` do n't go anywhere , man . '' 
 he picked up his own rifle , and nodded as josh handed him a preloaded hypodermic . 
 it was a healthy dose of tranquilizer , enough to take down someone fifty pounds heavier than maeve . 
 hopefully , it would be enough . 
 ۞ bijul had left the others behind . 
 she was en route to the island , about twenty minutes out . 
 hopefully , it was not too late . 
 she switched on the autopilot and pulled the heavy rounds out of the storage lockers . 
 they were large , and she had a difficult time loading them into the upper chambers on her own . 
 it was meant to be a two-person job . 
 she had never deliberately killed without orders before . 
 it was a weird sensation . 
 not a welcome one , either . 
 her heart pounded as she flew around flight paths , avoiding detecting as she 'd been trained to do . 
 the plan was simple . 
 blow the house to pieces if they were still in it . 
 that was easy to claim as collateral damage . 
 other than that , she was n't sure what the hell she 'd do . 
 the minutes slipped away , until she found herself staring at a beach . 
 she frowned . 
 two life signs were out there . 
 the house was empty . 
 she could see one figure standing , waving arms in the low light . 
 damn ... how had she been spotted ? 
 swallowing hard , she scoped out a landing site , and picked up her sidearm . 
 acknowledgements : this if for all the people who have encouraged me directly or not so directly through the years : my husband , who always thinks i 'm talented and pretty , even when i do n't . 
 my parents , who put up with a lot of youthful nonsense from me -lrb- but i was never that much trouble , let 's be clear ! -rrb- 
 , and let me fall on my face now and then . 
 my kids , who simultaneously saved my sanity and demolished it . 
 writing with purpose is purely because of them . 
 they remind me to see the world through others ' eyes , that we do n't all think alike , and to keep fighting , even when it seems a losing battle . 
 friends , both near and far , who have read my writing . 
 even though i suspect some of you might be a bit biased , i truly appreciate all the encouragement . 
 and yes , you keep me working , because i can expect anticipatory inquiries as to when i 'll be done with the next thing . 
 other writers who have amazed my senses and influenced me to be a better writer . 
 most of them have no idea who i am -lrb- or they have gone from this world -rrb- , but i can certainly thank susan henderson for all her kind words , and for her excellent debut novel . 
 it was a breath of fresh contemplation to read up from the blue so close to finishing this . 
 and to my tia and tio , who took me on a voyage to another world when i was young and foolish . 
 the journey that year started me on this one ... into the stars and beyond . 
